Cï)e empire* FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1865. IR tho Legislativo Council, yesterday, Tho PBESIDENT took tho chair at twenty:six minutes after four o'clock. . Mr. A. CAJLTDKIX obtained leavo to bring in a bill to amend tho law of partnership. Tho bill was subse- quently read a first time. The Companies Bill was considered in committee as far os tho 77th clause. Tho District Courts Amondmcnt Act was passed through committee, tho. report was adopted, and the third reading appointed to stand an order of tho day for Wednesday next Tho Houso adjourned at twenty minutes after six until four o'clock on Wednesday next IK tho Legislativo Assembly yesterday, Ministers stated in reply'to members-That it will cost £532,142 to construct the Great Western Itailway, situated between tho termination of Sir Morton Peta's contract at Penrith, and Shepherd's toll-bar, including tho cost of £80,000 odd for the bridge over tho Nea Scan;-that .it is intended to supply marksman's adges to such volunteers os have earned that dis- tinction during tho past and present year, early next year;-that tho Commissioner ot Stamps had been dis- missed for writing slanderous and libellous attacks on tho Government, on satisfactory proof ;-that all tho correspondence relativo to the remission of tho sontences passed on Levy and Shoveller, had been laid on tho table of tho Houso ;-that tho plans, models, and specifications of tho Cowra bridge, could bo inspected at tho Works' office. Mr. OSBORNE presented a petition from tho inhabi- tants of Wollongong, complaining of delay in carrying on tho harbour .works there. Mr. SAMUEL brought up a bill to amend tho laws relating to tho custody of gunpowder and other ex- plosive substances, which was read a firbt time. Mr. COWPER brought up a bill to amend tho laws relative to prison disciplino, and it was read a first time. Mr. BURDEKIN moved for the appointment of a select committee to inquiro into the advisability of tho introduction of a bill to fix tho standard weight of maize, wheat, barley, oats, and other descriptions of agricultural producá On tho motion to adjourn tho House, Mr. BUCHANAN condemned tho Government for delay in carrying out tho public business. He attacked Ur. Smart, and Mr. Cowper for their gross incapacity. Mr. LEE repudiated the sentiments and the languago of the lost speaker, ss calculated to degrado tho House and tho institutions of tho country. Mr DBIVEB did think tho Government wore to blame for delay. Mr. MACMIKBSON condemned the Government for their conduct towards the country districts. Mr. DIGNAM, in a humorous speech, also censured tho Government for not going on with tho work. Mr. BOAN animadverted on tho conduct of the Mi- nistry in withholding tho road vote. Mr. GARRETT condemned the discussion as untimely. Mr. PIDDINGTON followed in censure of tho Ministry, for not oxpending tho minor road grants. Mr. LLOYD characterised tho debato as inconsequen- tial, but endorsed tho condemnation of tho Government for delay. Mr. CUMMINGS thought the debato an unwise one. Mr. WISDOM thought tho Government to blame for not proportionately dividing tho Hoad grant, if they could not pivo it all. Tho motion for adjournment was cariiod, and tho House rose at a quarter past six. ' IN the Assembly, yesterday, another motioi for adjournment, without having transacted any business, was properly followed by \ another, and more general expression of dis > satisfaction at tho trifling and pnerilo conduct " of the Government. Day after day, members £ who have left their homes and their business ? to attend to their duties in Parliament j" are dismissed almost as soon as thc ?. House has met, and informed that the Govern '. ment has no business to proceed with. Yet °. when Ministers are urged to bring forward .'. measures which they had long promised, and which they have had ample time to prepare, . they plead the urgency of other business as an .' excuse for further delay. It scorns clear that ' tho patience of the Assembly is becoming 1 fairly worn out, and the only matter for sur j prise ¡is that it has lasted so long. Few, 1 even of the most humble and obedient, are . now found ready to stand forward in defence I of Mr. COWPER'S Administration. Thc utmost t that can bo said is-not that tho IIouso and tho country retain confidence in tho Govcrn , ment, but that the timo has not quite arrived for an expression of want of confidence. Who could hayo believed a year ago ¡ that Mr. COWPER, after all his experience ! and.political vicissitudes-after having been ; restored to power on the faith of his own posi ' tive assurance that misfortune and retirement had brought reflection and wisdom, would have stood before Parliament as ho does now, sur- rounded and supported only by those whose public history iß identified with opposition to' all thc liberal principles that ho had professed ? But, more than this, who could have' supposed nine or ten years ago that ho would be found to-day still evading the question of tho recon- struction of tho Upper House, a subject which was prominently noticed during the discus- sions in tho Assembly on Wednesday and yes- terday. We turn at random to tho records of those by-gone times, and find Mr. COWPER addressing a orowded meeting of Sydney citi- zens, in the Olympie Circus, in York-street, on tho evening of Wednesday, tho twenty-third of January, 1866. On that occasion, as we rend, ho 'fwos received with tremendous cheering, waving of hats, and clapping' of hands ," and, amongst other matters, ho proceeded to denounce in strong terms the infliction of a nominated Upper House upon tho oountry. " It was galling,*' he said, " tô the colonists of Now South Wales to find that after all that had been said about this precious boon of a Constitution, they wore to have, tho least liberal Constitution of all tho British colonies. All the other colonies had an electivo Upper House, while they were to have,a nominated ono." At that time, to judge from his words, his indignation appeared to carry him beyond tho bounds of patience or toleration. " Many persons," he remarked, j " wore prepared, having got tho Constitution, to givo a nominated HOUBO a fair trial, but I he was at a loss to know what was meant by a fair trial. Why should they bo asked td give a fair .trial to a kind of Con- stitution which, had .already been tried in other colonies, and failed?" And thuB ho' proceeded, amidst continued cheering from the Assembled people, io denounce tho evils oî, the nominee system, declaring that it would be sufficient, instead of putting fifty men into one Chamber, to " put thirty in one room and twenty in another, and uso the latter as a revising body." Yet, since that time, for a period of nearly ten years, during tho greater part of which Mr. COWPER has weilded more despotic power than was ever exercised by any other colonial Minister, his policy has been to strengthen and perpetuate tho Uppor' House of nominees. He has suffered it to grow into a House of life nominees. He has packed it, so far as he could, with persons devoted to his fortunes. He hos selected his Attorney General from its ranks. And to all appeals for a redemption of those pledges which he gave ten years ago, ho pleads the pressure of other business, though at the same time the Assembly is adjourned day after day, be- cause he has no business to place before it. AU this is very sad and deplorable. It is not a subject for exultation, but for regret, when public men who have had the most enviable* opportunities of achieving renown, and serving thc cause of thc people and the country, east those opportunities to the winds, together with all previous pro- fessions, and - associate themselves with tho representatives of all that they had before affected to condemn. One honor- able member of the Assembly was yesterday so good-natured as to say that he had observed nothing in the conduct of the Ministry during the present session .which should deprive them of his confidence. "We should like to know what act of theirs during the present session has given them any title whatever to confidence. We have the spec- tacle of a Government without a policy, financial or general. We find the Prime Minister, after a career of good fortune unexampled in Australian annals, and extending over a period of ten years, shirking every principle that he had been relied upon to maintain j striving to retain power by a series of evasions, shifts, paltry excuses, and mean compromises; leaving the important department of tho public lands without an especial and responsible guardian, at one of the most critical periods in the history of the colony, and degrading the science of statesmanship and govern- ment to the dimensions of a mere game of hide-and-seek or thimble-rig. If the Government-:that is to say, Mr. COWPER, has the confidence of Parliament and the country, why is it necessary to delay any longer the appointment of a Minister for Lands ? To suppose that- Mr. ROBERTSON could resume the duties ofthat office in connec- tion with the cresent atrancó Ministerial com bination, would be to suppose an absurdity. Mr. COWTIR may indeed appoint a " Board " to decide, under his own general supervision, all questions affecting thc administration of the public lands j and al though ho would not for this purpose havo at his command the famous " three captains," who have solved so many knotty points according to order, he would probably have no difficulty in discover- ing three " inevitable " 'instruments as convenient, aind as free from all responsibility to any but himself. This, however, is a most miserable plight for the most important part of tho Executive ad- ministration of tho country. The magnitude of the interests involved can scarcely havo been taken into due consideration, or surely such a power as this would no longer be allowed to remain in the hands of tho Colonial Secretary; Can it bo forgotten that it cost years of agita- tion to secure for this colony that right of control over thc public lands which is 60 necessary to tho welfare of the whole popula- tion ? Has it escaped the memory of our re- presentatives that a solemn Act of the Imperial Parliament, passed in the month of July, 1855, generously surrendered to tho Legislature of this country those territorial j rights previously vested '* in Her Majesty, : tho Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury, and tho Colonial Land and Emigration" Com- missioners respectively?" Or is it thought meet and proper that tho successors of the SOVEREIGN and the j Imperial functionaries named should bo I some persons who owe no responsibility to any j ono but Mr. COWPER.? It would bo difficult I to say whether such an arrangement is most calculated to create astonishment for tho high- handed daring that attempts it, or the meek patience with which it is submitted to. That patience, however, appears to be nearly exhausted. Tho sarcastic obser- vation of a member yesterday,', that the sittings of tho Assembly might bo ad- journed until the Government had some business to lay before it, may bo met by thc statement that, whether tho Government has business or not, the elected representa- tives of the people have' business and duties which they ought no longer to neglect. No one expects any Government to be immacu- late ; but it is tho duty of Parliament to exor- cise a controlling and correcting power, and members who aro aware of their proper func- tions in this respect need not wait for thc in- vitation of the Executive for the purpose of calling them into action. The theory of our Constitution is that the country is governed by tho people, and those whom the people have elected for tho purpose are bound to re- sist thc further violation of that theory by the practico of a Ministry which unquestionably has'ifot tho confidence of the country. PAINFUL ACCIDENT.- A awn named Duncan M'Far lano was admitted into tho Infirmary yesterday after- noon, having boon 6ovoroly scalded with boiling pitch. It appears thc unfortunatoman was employed in boiling somo pitch nt Kissing Point, to put on tho bottom of a boat. As ho was walking along a plank, extending from- tho shore to tho boat, tho plank slipped over, and tho man foll, tho pot of scalding pitch covering his head and chest. In his struggles to escapo, ho carno against the boat, when, by .somo moans, moro pitch carno over liim. His head and chest, and shoulders, aro in a dreadful state, and it is very questionable whoihor ho will rocovor. BALMAIN AMATEUR DBAMATIO ASSOCIATION.-Tho mcmbors of tho above association will give an enter- tainment in tho hall of tho School of Arts, Balmain, to- night, for tho bonoflt of that institution. Tho pieces selcctod for representation aro " Tho unfinished Gentleman," "No. 1 round tho Corner, " and "ASS." It is to bo hoped that thoro will bo n crowded i attendanoo on this occasion, not only becauso tho funds of tho institution Will bo benefited thereby, but as an < encouragement to tho gontlcmen who liavo laboured so i long for tho good of tho School of Arts. Somo persons i objoot to performances of this nnturo being givon in in- ] slitutions of a literary and educational charaotcr ; but . it is to bo doubted whether tho Dalmain School of Arts i would bc so'flourishing as it is ¡rat; for tho exertions of / tho Amateur Dramatio Association, whoso perform- < ancoB very often would bear favourable comparison 1 with thoso of many professional actors. To uccommo- j dato visitors from Sydney, a steamboat and un omnibus 1 will lc« YO Bol wain aitei' tie performance c OONTnOVEBSY BETWEEN "AN EUOLISH, CATHOLIC" AND TUB REV. JonN M'GinnoN.-Tho lotter* which appeared in tho columns of tho Empire in tho months of September and October, from the Rov. J. M'Gibbon and " English Catholic,'' on tho Biblo and tho Reformation, havo boon republished by tho lattor in the form of a pamphlet, sold by Flanagan, Brickfield-hill, and ll ayes, 353, George-street ; so that thooo who aro interested in tho controversy may havo an opportuuity of seeing it in a completo state. Tho main point betweon tho controversialists was, whether tho freo uso of tho Ribla throughout Christendom was duo to tho Reformation or not. The question is- ono of degree. No well informed Protestant can deny that the Biblo was translated and circu- lated to some extent before tho Reformation ; and no candid Roman Catholic will attempt to ignore tho fact, that tho Reformation gavo a great stimulus to tho work of translating and circulating tho Book of books. In fact, " English Catholic," in his concluding remarks, accords to Protestants tho merit of being preominontly " Biblo readers." He says, ". Tho abuso of tho Holy Scriptures by tho sects, and their exaggera- ted notions about Biblo reading, have perhaps had an influence on many Catholics, and tended, by way of reaction, to prevent them from reading and studying thom as much as thoy otherwise would. Tho oxaggcra tions.of error alwoys tond, to discredit truth. Tho fear of being Bible-readers in tho Protestant souse has, not unlikely, kept many from being Bible-readers in tho Catholic sense." Tho hesitation With which tbisopinion is expressed is becoming. It is reasonable to conclude on tho contrary, that it is " not unlikely"-that it is in fact most likely-that there has been a reaction of anothor kind-that tho intellectual activity of Protes- tants in reading tho Bible, and arguing thereupon, has aroused many Catholics to read and study tho Biblo to an extent to which thoy would not otherwise have dono so. If, howovor, tho result is that thara is on both sides a growing interest in tho study of the Biblo, it is hardly worth apothor line of controversy, to determino to winch party this happy movement is chioily duo. Tho conclusion at which- "English Catholic" arrives must commend itsolf to tho conscience of every Pro testant, though ho may not think it necessary to wait for pastoral invitation. " Let us" says this writer, " at tho invitation of our pastors, set ourselves tb a reverential study of tho Holy Scriptures,-let us take in the sublime instruction as it was dictated by the Holy Ghost, in languago more beautiful and moro sub- limo than ovor did, or over could originate with unin- spired mon. Our,faith will profit by it ¡ it will becomo broader, purer, sublimer, and moro comprehensivo ¡ it will becomo moro energetic and robust, moro able to withstand tho insidious appeals of error and tho temptations of vice. Our devotion will becomo moro ardent and enduring ; our morals will conform to a higher standard, nnd wo ourselves shall becomo capablo of greater sacrifices and moro heroic deeds." MACQUARIE WAHD.-A mooting of tho ratepajors of tho above ward was hold last ovening, at Mr. Lamy's, Frankfort Hotel, corner of Pitt and Markot streets, to adopt measures towards securing tho return of Mr. M. Chapman, J.P., as an alderman to represent tho citizens of Macquarie Ward in tho Municipal Council. Thero was a good muster of electors present, arid Mr. J. P. Lonnartz was voted into tho chair. Tho Chairman, having stated tho object of thc meeting, called upon tho candidate to address tho electors. Mr. Chapman wished it to bc understood that he did not como forward of his own accord in tho first instance to contest tho election for Macquario Ward. Ho had been induced to como for- ward on tho representation of Mr. Macintosh that that gentleman diu not intend to put himself for- ward for any futuro election. But ho claimed lo liavo nn equal right with Mr Macintosh, or any other citizen, to hnvo some word in tho disbursement of tho monoy paid to tho city corporation. Ho had rep- resented tlic citizens ou a former occasion, and ho believed that holme] secured tho confidence of tho electors during tho period he occupied a scat in the council, and if they did him the honour to again elect him, ho should endeavour to servo them faithfully. It wns too often tho plan of candidates, when seeking the suffrages of thc electors, to moko nil sorts of promises of what they would do. Now the only promise that ho should mnko, would bo to do his best to remedy tho evils that at present existed in tho city. Tho candidato hero went at soino length into tho main municipal questions of tho day. Be- fore sitting down, Mr. Chapman wished it to ho distinctly understood, that ho had nothing whatover to do with certain scurrilous publi- cations that bad been circulated to tho detriment of his opponent-no ono could be moro opposed to such means of electioneering os ho was : and ho wished to contest the onsuing election in a fair and upright manner-to meet his opponent on a fair field and with no favour.-Mr. Kearney asked tho candidate if ho was in favour of the Mayor being elected by tho citizens. Mr. Chnpman, in reply, thought it would bo tho greatest slur that could bo cast upon tho aldermen to withdraw tho right from them of electing their own chairman.-Mr. Pinhoy Baid ho deemed it to bo tho duty of overy citizen, especially thoso in authority, to tako part, and that a somewhat active ono, in proceed- ings of thnt nature. So far as his humble opinion wont they had not, upon the whole, boen sufficiently careful in their selections of men suited or suitable to manage tho civic business, and consequently ho ques- tioned whether they had a right to complain if it was mismanaged. If his judgment was sufficiently matured, and thoroforo correctly formed, he took it that the aldermen ought to possess probity of character, educa- tional advantages, business-like tact, and a high status amongst their fellow- citizens, boforo they had a claim upon tho electors for their suffrages. Ho bad very groot pleasure in hoing present that evening to support by his prosonco and counte- nance tho cinim of Mr. Chapman, who had represented, ind that faithfully, that ward and tho interests of tho :ity generally when ho was returned by tho electors 'our years ago, and ho felt confidont that if elected ho vould devoto his timo and talents to tho placing of nunicipal matters upon a satisfactory basis-so much .equired ond desired. He had much pleasure in pro wsing Mr. Chapmnn ns a flt nnd proper porson to oprosent tho citizens of Macqunrio Ward as* an alder nan. Mr. Boynolds seconded the resolution, vhich was supported by other electors and arriod unanimously. After a voto of thanks 0 tho chairman tho meeting separated. festorday evening a meeting of the friends and sup- eriors of Alderman Macintosh, was held at Mrs. ilichaol Cohen's, Glasgow AraiB, Pitt-slreot, On tho notion of Mr. Harbulle, seconded by Mr. Cargo",-Mr. 1 owlan occupied tho chair. There was a largo and espectable attendance. Alderman Macintosh explained t considerable longth his viows on several of the more rominont municipal topics at pressât ocoupying tho ttcntion of tho citizens. After explaining that at ono ¡mc ho intended to visit his native homo-an intention ..Inch ho had changed-and a circumstance which had cen used against him by un opponent, ho said ho "was rilling to bo re-elected, and io do his duty as hitherto. To explained tho city debt, and eave a general outlino of lio manner in which.corporation monoy was expended. To was opposed to '.tho sowerago rato, until tho Logis ituro had mada somo provision towards aidipg tho srporntiou to liquidate this debt. Ho was as much pposcd now to tho Pitt-street tramway, as ho was nco in favour of its being laid down. Tho tramway NIB a failure. Ho owned a cart, and evory porson who wncd a cart that had to run in Pitt-street, was put to an ostra oxponso annually, 'o£ £5 nt least, for repairs caused by injurios dono in driving up and down Pitt» Btreot only two or throo times a day. Ho was in favour of tho Mayor hoing elootod by tho citizens, instead of by tho aldermen ; ana ho was against any salary being given to tho Mayor. Some modification could also bo mnilo in tho street-watering rato. Economy could bo exercised in tho motalling of George-street and other plncos, .whord Govornmont had largo frontages, ' yot contributed nothing. Ho complained of tho manner in which tho Government hud treated tho just claims of tho corporation in sotting asido thoir griovanco in référença to tho eowcrago dobt ; and tho non-production of an amondod corporation Act to onabla tho council to .extend tho water supply. Ho was an independent man, no toady to tho Government, no toady to any man. Ho should not promisa what ho would do, but act as his conscionco and his judgment guided. Ho disparaged no man i nor was ho desirous of saying anything offen- sive of his opponont Ho had acted proviously to tho best of Iiis ability, ho lind acted ia a representativo capacity hitherto, and thoroforo had to consult tho re- quirements of thoBO who might eleot him. After answering satisfactorily Bovcral questions, it was pro- posed, seconded,- and unanimously adopted that Mr. Alderman Macintosh was a fit and propor person to still roprcsent thom in tho City Municipal Council. Tho gentlemen-of tho meeting rcaolvcd thomsolvos into a committee, being fully satisfied with Mr. Macintosh's priBt carcor, and dotorminod to sparc no offorls to ensuro his ro-olcotion Mr. Macintosh's philanthropy was highly spolf.cn of. A vote of thanks to tho chairman closed, the meeting, FINED POR PnEAOumo.-At tho Burrangong Police court, 'on "Monday, before ' tho Policé Magistrate Thomas Darnborough and W. H._ Noble wero chargée with creating a publia obstruction in tho street on Sun- day last, Sonior-Bcrgcant Musgrove was sworn and said, that on Sunday afternoon last, about four o'clock, ho Baw tho two dofondunts in the fitrcet, and. told thorn that they would not bo allowed to preach ; Barn borough said ho would not break tho laws of man, and went up towards tho Hospital-hill, followed by Noble ; Noble got as far as tho Beehive Store, and then stopped ; they then turned back and came down to thc corner, and after a timo Darnborough' began to preach ; ho was told to desist, but replied that ho was doing hil Master's service, and continued, and constable Balla thon took him into custody; after Darnborough wai taken away, Noble began shouting out like a maniac, and commenced running down tho priest hood and tho Government ; he .(wit ness) told .him to. desist, and ho said ho shoulc not ; he then apprehended him ; there was a crowd ol pebplo upon the footpaths listening to the defendants who occupied tho carringo-way ; complaints had beor made against Noble for preaching by somo of tho mosl respectable residcuts ; ono gentleman said ho could noi read or do anything elsa in his'own house whilst thi annoyance continued; Noble had been before tho bond boforc. Darnborough, in defence said that he hat notico to leuvo ; ho went up the street, but as no om I followed ho carno back to tho people to preach to them ns it was his duty to oboy God rather than man Noblo said he would preach ns long os ho had breatl in his body. Tho police mauietrate said if tho do fondants would promise not to offend nenin ho woulc dismiss tho case. 1 hoy had no right to cause an ob struotion in the street, or to annoy tho residents Botl the defendants refused to give any pledge, and tho; wera then fined ¡ls. each, and in default threo days imprisonment The latter altoraativo was chosen. Burrandong Argus. WOLLONGONG POLICE OFFICE, NOVEMBER 13TH - Thomas Wilson Garlick charged John Halliday with having assaulted him at Bulli, on the 1st instant. Mr P. Owen snpenrcd for tho plaintiff, and Mr. Jones fo tho defence. Mr. Owen staled tho case. Thomas W Garlick dnposed : I am the plaintiff ; I livo at Bulli I am a mining agent ; I know the defendant ; ho live at Bulli, and is manager of tho Bulli Coal Company'; mine; Iliad no difference with'him before tho assaul complained of happened ; on tho 1st of November, a Bulli, rather lato in tho evening, I was riding alonj with my brother-in-law pretty quick, and as I possti near the defendant's house I saw defendant standing ii tho doorway of his house ; I said, '_" Good evening how aro you gottingon?" Ho replied "All right," nm then put up his hand for me to stop. I was tbei a short di&tanco; past his house. I pulled up am rodo part of tho way back again, and ho met mo oi tho road. He said he had been wishing to BOO m for these last two or three days, and askod me if I hn ever reported in Sydney to Mr. Gcorgo Alfred Jdloyc and Mr. Gcorgo Wigram Allen that ho was raismanag ing tho Bulli mino, and that tho mino was in a mud bettor posiiion when Mr. Hobson had it than now ; said "No, who told you I did ? ' ho said you may guess I inferred ho meant Mr. Shoobcrt ; I said " I am going t Sydney in a week, and if you have no objections I wii ask those two gontlomen if ever I reported anything o tho kind ;" I said, " You had better write mo n not stating ivbaf you havoheard and from whom;" ho soi he believed I had reported him, and that ho would no wait any longer, and that ho would havo satisfaction o: the spot ; defendant then began to pull off his handkci chief, and then struck at mc ; being in the saddle, could evndo his blows, and then ho caught hold of m and pulled mo off tho horse ; ho made several attempt tn strike me. but I manmred to nut tho horse hntwMi him anti myself ; my hat was knocked off, and Mn Halliday picked it up ; I was watching for on oppo: tunity to got on tho horse and gallop away ; 1 di eventually gallop away with ono foot out of th stirrup, and loft my whip behind mo ; he was vor excited at tho time. Cross-examined by Mr. Jones Tho defendant and I have always been on good terme ho did not say, '* Mr. Garlick, you have always bee treated kindly by mo-why do you tell lies behind m back ? ' he did not say to me, " Why have you re- presented to me that you were a shareholder ?" The assault occurred about 5 o'clock ; I saw a boy (Charles Southam) present, and Mrs. Halliday was present, but not within hearing ; there were no other persons present during the conversation ; there was a miner present ; I left my whip behind me in jumping on my horse ; I was not assaulting the defendant with the whip ; the defendant might have wrested the whip from me, but I have no distinct recollection of how I lost it ; I got the whip again from one of the men working at the saw mill ; defer- dant caught hold of me by the thigh first, and although pulled off I managed to light on my feet : I was not getting off to give him satisfaotion : I never go so low as that ; he took off his necktie as though to prepare for a battle ; I was then on the horse ; I will swear that he attempted to pull me off a second time ; I was the attempting to ride away ; he laid hold of me ; he must have been on the side of the horse at the time he took hold of me ; I said to the miner " Take him off me." Charles Southam deposed that he was eleven years old, and his parents lived at Bulli; deponent was present at the assault; he was about fifty yards off; he saw Mr. Halliday pull Mr. Garlick off his horse twice Cross-examined: I have not spoken to Mr. Garlick about this matter ; he told my mother that I would have to go to court ; I know a girl named Sarah Eales ; Mr. Garlick never offered me ten shillings to come here and swear that Mr. Halliday pulled him off the horse ; I did not hear any conversation between Mr. Halliday and Mr. Garlick. By the Bench : I am quite sure that I saw Mr. Halliday pull Mr. Garlick off his horse twice ; I saw Mr. Garlick with a riding whip in his hand, but he did not seem as if he was going to use it. For the defence, John Cassidy deposed that he knew the parties before the Court ; he had seen something take place between the parties, but he could not tell the date ; he thought it was on the 7th, on a Wednesday; he saw the scrimmage take place before Mr. Halliday's door; he heard Mr. Halliday say he thought it ill of Mr. Gar- lick to appear fair before his face and speak ill of him behind his back ; deponent saw Mr. Halliday take the whip from Mr. Garlick ; Mr. Garlick was not brandishing the whip ; he did not see Mr. Halliday strike Mr. Garlick, nor did he see him pull Mr. Garlick off his horse ; he did not see the witness Southam there. Cross-examined : I do not know whether I was present at the commencement of the affair ; perhaps Mr. Garlick might have been pulled off his horse before I got up ; I did not see Mr Halliday attempt to pull Mr. Garlick off his horse, I only saw him catch hold of the whip ; I did not catch hold of Mr. Halliday in any way ; the boy Southam might have been present with- out my seeing him ; I think I heard Mrs Halliday ask Mr. Halliday to come into the house. Mrs. Jones ad- dressed the Court, Mr. Owen replied, and the Bench inflicted a penalty of 10s. on the defondant, who was ordered to pay costs.-Illawarra Express. .MAXI. KOBDERT.-On Saturday ovoning last, th mailman from Dubbo arrived hero (Mudgee) minus th mail, bringing tho information that ho had been stuc! tip by two armed mon and robbed. It appears tho when a fow miles tho other side of Astilo's, and abou a milo and a half from Mr. Charles Lowo's paddon fonco along tho road, ho saw two horsomou ridin, towards him, with their faces covored with hondkei chiefs. Imagining that thoy had adopted this covcrin to tho faco to protect thom from tho dUBt which wa blowing about, ho took no notico of them. Ono o thom . thon rnrln nlnnrrnidn him. nnd. nresentin ' a pÍBtol at his head, called upon him. to etnpd. . Ho waa then. ordered to dismount, and being : somoffhat disinclined BO to do, it was suggested' ' that ono of tba men got off his horse and pull him off. i Finding remonstrance and resistance usoless, ho gave himself up,, and was led about forty yards into tho bush nnd ordered to lio down upon his fac¿ QÍB purse, con-» faining ono pound his watch, tho mailbag, his spurs, and horse, wera all taken, and tho.robbers quiotly de- camped. They did not ill treat tho mailman, or threaten him in any way. He ruado off as soon as ho could to Mr. Astilo's, and thoro ROVO information ; on his way, having to ford tho river, which, swollen by tho lato rains, took him half-way up to tho neck.. . Upon giving Mr. Astilo information, that gen- tleman lost no time in arming himBolf, and in company with another man, started off. Tho mailman, supplied with another horse, carno into town and gavo . information to the police. In the courso of a fow minutes Mr. Mcdloy despatched two troopers with such directions as could bo gleaned fromi tho mailman. Tho case is a difficult one, owing to tho vory meagre information that can ba gleaned from him, ' but a littlo collcoted ovidenco is all that will bo required to bring tho chargo pretty well home. It would bo un wiso in us to make any statements thnt might be-, likely to foil tho police, end wo th ere fora content our- selves with giving all tho information of tho ocourrenco that nt present it would bc fair to do. Tho mailbags wore found by the polico on Sunday, about a milo and a nun away norn mo scene- oí tüo roúuory. -wosteiD, 