That' so advanced a professing Liberal as Mr Robert Lowe should have harked back on his formerly expressed opinions is no. deroga tion from the ability displayed in his political recantation. His speech against Mr Baines's ' Borough Franchise Extension Bill, proposing ; to lower the qualification from £10 to £6, is an undoubtedly able exposition of all that can be urged on the other side of the question. Mr Lowu's hostility went much beyond a refusal to acquiesce in the particular measure under discussion ; he boldly avowed himself as satisfied with things as they are, and j scouted the idwi of any electoral re form whatever. Whethor Mr Lowe aspires to a twin leadership with Mr Disraeli of the Conservative party, or whether he will still rank himself as that -paradoxical anomaly, a non-progressive Liberal, must be left for the future to disclose. However, the fact remains that the speech of Mr Lowe was unquestionably the feature of the two nights' debate upon the reform of the borough franchise, and it possesses the espe cial interest for Australians that we are, by th,c hon. member for CaJAe, offered up, for \- tlio warning and instruction of the people of England, as dreadful examples of a debased . franchise. Mr Lowe's speech, brilliant and able as it was, failed to grapple with the broad as ? pect of the question of widening the fran chise, even to the moderate extent proposed by Mr Baines. Electoral reformers natur . ally ask if the enormous progress of the British nation in the last thirty-three years is to be ignored ; if the spread of education and enlightenment is to bo put out of sight ; if the diminution of pauperism and crime do not point to moral growui amongst, uiu working classes, demanding some recognition ? of their existence as members of the body politic. The demand for literature of all kinds ; the increased consumption of those luxuries of the poor, tea and sugar, point ? to social advancement, aims j of the Post Office, and its necessarily im plied possession of the general ability to read and write, demonstrate that the great class unrepresented is now, in cultivation and in 'tclligonce, ahead of thequalified section which returned members to Parliament twenty years . ago. As an actual fact, the working man has a less participation in the franchise now than before the Ueform Bill of 1832. In Eng land and Wales, with twenty millions of population, fivo millions of which were male adults, the franchise is limited to one million persons, and that number is so reduced by duplication of those both upon the county and borough lists that the representation is actually in the hands of between eight and nine hundred thousand persons. The work ing classes — tliree-fourtlis of the population — are almost wholly unrepresented. In other words, there are, say, four million male adults without a voice in the councils of their ? country. If not upon her artisan and labor ing class, it is difficult to see upon what basis the prosperity of England, para mouutly a manufacturing and producing prosperity, rests. Mr Baines was bold enough to assert that, if some working men did, under a widened franchise, find their way into the House of Commons, tho acces sion would be advantageous to the Legislature and to themselves. And tiie approving -cheers of the House demonstrated an accep tance of even so daring a proposition as this. Even with a lowered franchise, it is obvious that representation in England must be in timately connected with wealth, education, and important existing- interests. Mr Lowk delineated the difference between the £G and .£10 franchise .is a mere question of ab stinence from ' 210 quarts of beer annually,' in order to show how easily self-denial in the working man would secure the right of voting. Suggestive as so familiar an illustration is, it becomes a nan sequitur if tho beer be not consumed. Mr Lowe's logic is further -capable of being turned against him. If we presume the £6 householder to expend the difference between that and £10 per ? annum in books, in education of himself and his children, in life assurance, in savings bank deposits, instead of paying a £10 rental, he is as much disfranchised as though he dissipated the difference in beer ; and yet such a disposition of income as we have in dicated would point to tho possession of social attributes giving a superior claim to the possessor of tho lower rental qualification. Mr Lowe taunts tho working men of Eng land because, he says, they are not thunder ing at the gates of Parliament. That may ?come soon enough, if their undoubted claims to a fair share of representation be much longer denied, even despite his considerate .assuranco that they are much better legislated for than they could possibly legislate for themselves. Tho £10 franchise Mr Lowe holds to be the sheet anchor of the British Constitution, but why that specific amount he failed to demonstrate. Ilis expression of placid content with the franchise as it stands provoked the well earned retort of Mr Bernal Osborne, who, dealing with the in equality of its operation, pointed out that Calne (a pocket borough) represented by Mi Lowe, with 17.3 registered electors, returns one member to Parliament ; Salford, with o 1 00 electors only one ; and Tower Hamlets, with 31,000, but two. This is a state of electoral affairs which the liberal exAustra lian, Mr Lowe, is prepared to accept as satis factory and final. But Mr Lows informed tho House of Commons that in Australia ' tho franchise a w i,„ ? i„ ? a IP ov ClUOjyiQCU. lUill/ UillViy UiUU uu ' pick it out of the gutter,' and again that ' the working men of Australia have mado ' themselves masters of the situation, and ' that nobody else has a shadow of power ' The placing in close juxtaposition of Mr Lowe's two libels upon Australian represen tation. is in itself a vindication from his attacks. If the franchise be so disregarded as ho represents, how arises the asserted ascendancy of the working man ? And, ou the other hand, if that ascendancy arises from a neglect of their equal electoral privi leges by the other classes of tho community, that cannot be imputed as a slur upon those who do exercise them ? However, accepting the strong influence of working men's votes upon the constitution of our Legislature, we challenge the history of the world to produce a more Conservative line of policy than has been consistently pur sued by the Legislature of Victoria— the outcome of vote by ballot; of universal suffrage, and no property qualification. That the capitalists of England have uo dread of such a democracy as ours we can trium phantly adduce proor, in the price ot our public obligations. Nor is there lack of ground for their confidence, for the demo cratic operatives of Victoria do that in which the blue-blooded Castilians fail — they main tain the interest on their country's debt. But, slanderous as were tho impu tations of Mr Lowe, he was fairly outdone by Mr Gregory, who endorses the following flattering picture of Victorian poli tics, communicated to him from Australia : — ' We have all been aghast, like England, I ' suppose, at Gladstone's reform speech. ' What does he mean by talking of lowering ' the franchise 1 If he had seen it work as ' we have in theso colonies, to our bitter ' cost, he would not have talked such ? . '' (A complimentary epithet here occurs, which ' Mr Gregory declined to repeat.) We ' have had our Parliament dishonored and ' degraded by the wretched place-hunters ' and demagogues that a low suffrage has ' forced into power ; and Victoria is trying ' to retrace her steps, and to raise the suffrage (t ag'}in, as the only path to legislative respect ^ ability and efficiency. We have seen the ' best men among us of position, education, ^ public spirit, stainless integrity, beaten u hollow by publicans, railway porters, ex ploughmen, stump orators aud advoii ' turers of every grade. People in England ' who do not know the colonics often ' say, or think, ' Oh, but things aro so dif ' ' fcrent in tho colonics !' and picture our ' ' best men' successful diggers, or vulgar ' rich people, but little above what radicals 'call 'the people,' You know it is '- not so. You know what sort of ' men Haines, Sladen, Farie, Sturt, ' Stawell, Macknight (?) and others of ' tho samo stamp are. Well, under vote by ' ballot and universal suffrage there is not ' one of these, except Haines (and some men always get in), that would have the ' ghost of a chance with the lowest ruffian ' who had money enough to pay for nob ' biers, or words enough to tell lies to an ' ignorant and selfish mob.' Mr Gregory appealed to Mr Marsh as to the correctness of his Australian facts, and was responded to by a cordial ' Hear, hear.' Can we wonder that the country gentlemen are scared out of any Liberal concessions when they havo such representations reliably presented to them by fellow members of the Imperial Parliament, who have a claim to Australian experience 1 . The deliberate maliciousness of this Victorian correspon dent's misrepresentation is shown in the fact that of those whoso exclusion from legislative privileges he laments, three are incapacitated from sitting iu Parliament as well paid servants of the public ; a fourth is a pensioner of the State ; a fifth has (unfortunately) a seat in Parliament; and the sixth, wo are obliged to confess, is unknown to local name. Though Mac knight may bo somebody in the eyes of Mr Gregory's veracious correspondent, Victoria knows' him not. Where was Mr Guilders whon our insti f nft An a wnrn an viIaIv jmrl «n fn.lfinlv sln.n dered ? Does not Mr Guilders get his pension regularly paid him by these Victo rian ruffians ? By telegraph wo learn that at Chester Mr Gladstone nobly vindicated Australia from the ungenerous ingratitude of Mr Loaye, and upheld the satisfactory work ing of the greatest and most successful expe riments in Liberal politics ever accomplished under the British flag. With such an advo cate we may fairy rest content. 