HOW I JOURNEYED TO BILLYSTOWN-ON-THE-BAY, THE RESULT THEREOF. AND BY A. BLIGHTED BEING. MB. PUNCH.—Sir—My whole existence has been passed (at least from an early period of it) in endeavoring to enlighten and generally benefit my fellow man (and woman). What troubles and disasters have accrued to me, as the lawyers say, in this sublime life-long endeavor it is needless now to recapitulate. Suffice it, that my miseries have at length reached a culminating point, rendering me what I have above subscribed myself. But I seek not pity or commiseration, my present "seek" being merely to unbosom myself on the subject referred to in the heading to this communication. Briefly, then, I went down to Billystown-on-the-Bay to lecture, starting from Melbourne by the 5.30 train, so that I might have a little time to look about the place and take note of the lions, before holding forth to the intelligent (as I hoped to find them) residents of B-on-the-B. The first thing which struck my notice after the train had moved from the Melbourne station, was the settled expression of deep melancholy which was impressed upon the countenances of my travelling companions. They were residents at B-on-the-B. I am naturally of a lively turn of mind myself (very naturally of course, as an occasional contributor to, and constant reader, sir, of your immortal publication), and would have essayed a little pleasant conversation with my lugubrious companions, but the severity of their countenances forbade any such familiar approaches. Yet, like the ghost of Mr. HAMLET, senior, "^sorrow rather than anger" pervaded their lineaments. We arrived at our journey's end at last, greatly to jny satisfaction, for what with dismal countenances around me, and as dismal prospects on either side of me, I was rapidly getting miserable. Joining my friend KIDWELL, of the BiUystown Rasper, whom I found awaiting me on the platform (congenial stand is any kind of platform to KID WELL), I plunged, under his leadership, into the inmost recesses of Billystown-on-the-Bay, first noting that the dismal companions of my late journey took their several roads, apparently oppressed with greater melancholy than ever. Three out of the four, I noticed with horror gazed with longing looks in the direction of the Bay, and one of the three actually rushed towards the . water in a most determinedly-suicidal manner, but stopped short, and, with a groan that must have burst his waistcoat strings, dismally pursued his way. I felt a depression stealing over me as I advanced further into the town, such as I had never before experienced. It, or rather I, grew worse and worse with every step I took. My friend KED- WELL'S house was about half-a-mile from the station, and by the time we arrived there I was wholly, completely, and unequivocally wretched and miserable. My pen refuses to write more. I cannot enlarge upon my miseries. Suffice it, I delivered my lecture that evening at the local mechanics' institute, before an audience composed of four old women and two boys, not counting the president of the institute and my friend KIDWELL. My friend, did I say—ha! ha! (This laugh is not mirthful, I beg to state, but sardonic.) No, my enemy, my bitterest enemy. For unless he had asked me, I should never have gone down to BiUystown to lecture or to do anything else. From the moment I set foot in the accursed place, I was, as I have said, rendered miserable, and I have been so ever since. My lecture, from the nature of its subject, should not have affected the four old women, two boys, and the president to tears, but it did. KIDWELL was the only individual present who remained unaffected, which goes to confirm an idea which now possesses me, that KID- WELL is a demon in human shape, and that the invitation was a deep-laid plot on his part against my peace of mind. Well, never mind; I may get over it in time. But if ever I go down, particularly in the evening, to Billystown-on-the-Bay again, may I be . p,S,—You can write to the editor of the Argus to inquire what word should be filled in when a dash of this sort occurs. 