AomcuLTtnui»-Wo hear of somo complaints of rin-i up at Delegato, though in several instances tho crops in thnt direction exhibit no indications of this calamitous visitation. Altogether, tho prospects of the fanners about Bombala ore better than llioy have been for two or three years past Somo Holds, not fur from tho town, aro expected to yield forty bushels to tho aero. Wo understand from somo fumiers about hore, that cab- bages planted after Christmas aro oxempt irani tho infection of the aphis, mid that thoso planted much l)cforo that period aro almost uniformly subject to aphis. Bombala Telegraph. WESLEYAN CONFERENCE.-THE PnEsiDENi's OFFI- CIAL SEIIMON.-Tho Hov. J. S.-Waugh, President of tho Australian Wesleyan Conference, preached his oflicial sermon last evening, before tho members of tho Conference and a largo congregation, in York-street Church. Tho President took for his text tho latter part of tho 11th verso of tho 3rd chapter of Uio Gosjiel by St Matthew: ;"Ho shall baptizo you with tho Holy Ghost, and with fire." After describing tho ministry of John tho Baptist, and its effect upon tho ix?oplo of Judea and Galileo, ho oxplnined tho difference between tho baptism of John and that o£ Christ Tho baptism of John was for repentance-that of Christ for sanctification. Por a full exhibition of the mean- ing of tho promiso in tho text, ho appealed to its fulfil mont on tiïo day of-Pentecost, and showed tho connec- tion Iwtwcon Hie death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, and Iiis work of sovereign mercy and power in sending down tho Holy.Spirit upon tho people. Mun}* events indicated tho power of Jesus over nil things in heaven and earth ¡ but notlung proved bia exaltation so much ns this-tho outpouring, of tho Holy Spirit. Thc preacher pressed. on tho attention of his hearers thc necessity of being baptised with the Holy Spirit and warned - thom nçainst tho sin of resisting tho Spirit Ho concluded his earnest and eloquent address by an invocation to tho Saviour to send down His Spirit upon that and nil Christian congregations, and upon thc whole of mankind. Profound silence, interrupted only at 'intervals by thc deep, not loud, utterance by many voices of tho fervent " Anion," indicated the attention with which tho Ecrmon was heard by tho crowded audience. After tho sermon, tho members of thc Conference, and a largo-number of other persons, united in tho celebration of tho Lord's Supper. McNicii'AMTr op BAMMIX.-A mooing of thc council was hold on Monday ovcirng, tho 23rd instant. Present-Mr. Mansfield (!i thc clia:v), and Messrs. Beattie, Broderick, Eliott, Gray, Ramsay, and llonald. Tho minutes of tho proceedings of tho prev 'ons meeting were read and confirmed. Tho chapman "nCormod the council that upon tho contractor for works "i Wi""mn, Pearson, and St. Mnry's streets coromene'ng operations, some objection was made to tho possession of a portion of tho land purchased by tho mviicipal coimci1. A letter lipon tho subject from Mr. W. Russell, solicitor to tho council, was read,- f -om which it nppcared that that gentleman was of opinion that tho title to tho land was satisfactory, and that ho saw no reason whataver why . tho municipal council slioi'd stay the' opemtions, : and advised that tho works bo pro- ceeded with, nofrn'thstand-'ng any notice or protest. Tho committee of works brought up a report stating thnt since their report of tho Owl distant, they han certified to various accounts for £20 3s. «lil, which hud been submitted to tho finance committee, Beport received. Tho comnv'tteo of finance brought up a report stating that since their report received on the 8nl instant, sundry accounts for £00 Cs. 8d. had been paid by them under votes of appropriation, and that nn'ao count of il Ida Cd. duo to Mr. J. Bands, for stationery had been ordered to bo paid under tho <12nd clauso o their by-law. of standing, orders. Itcport received. ; J statement of receipt« and expenditure for tho hn'f-yea ended 31st December last, was lrid upon tho fabio also a statement of tho several suniB expended in encl ward since tho year 3800. Moved by Mr. Biodcrieli pursuant to notico, that tenders be invited for works ii Curtis road, botweon Mort and Itountrco streets. Pn ,nnd carried. . Several tenders for tho completion o Ballast Point road and Wharf road, woro opened am considered,. %vhen that of Mr. Alexander Cowio, fo £130 10s., was accepted.... Tho council then separat vi DENHAM COURT CHURCH MEETING.-On Snit-dij ovon'ng lost a nicotine; of parishioners was hold »n tin vostryof St. Mary's Church, for tho purposo of clectin< two lay representatives in tho approaching conference Thcro was n numerous attendance for so small a parish of thoso who appeared to talco great interest in ,thi proceedings. ' Tho Bow Gr.1 N.' Wood took tho cha'-? und, rf ter tho seat-hblders had signed tho declaration and tito chairman toad roiuV tho Biohop's circular ant regulations for conducting tho election, ca"od upon,Ui( scat-holders to address tho meeting. Mr. Lester brioflj explained tho objects of tito conferenco nnd.tho.dufiof devolving on tho synod when conatitatcd. Tho spcakei expressed his rcgrot to And from tho reports of moot inga held elsewhere, that there was a disposition tc confine their delegates to a particular courso of notion, Ho (Mr. Lester) thought tho delegates should, nt thc conférence, bb' perfectly .unbiassed and unpledged in any manner; and after giving overy (attention to tho argu- ments advanced, pro and con, should volo conscientiously for what thoy.bolievo would bo for tho best interests of tho church. It was then moved by Mr. Franklyn, pcoondod , by Mr. Sharp, mid carried unanimously That Mr. Clements Lester is. n. fit and proper person, mid that ho bo elected to represent tho congregation in tho ensuing, conference. Mr. . Lester thou projxjsod That Mr. Janies Williams, . from tho interest ho had always manifested in forwarding tho welfare of ¡tho Church of England, bo elected ns tho other representa- tive. Seconded by Slr. .Whittaker, and carried unani- mously. Tho champan .then ; pronounced tho bene- diction, and broiiglit tho meeting to a close. Correspondent. ! '.' :A- CHKQIIB ON A BANKER.-Tho question of ehomief -whether they aro liona litio or valueless or whether by postdating," they were given willi intent to defraud frcqubntly arises at tlio'Polieo-oflleos. There is a con spiracy case, arising out of a post-dated cheque, now ponding at tho Central Police Court, Dolohery v, llankoy (Bnid to bo tho1 son of a London banker) and Branton. : Tho following, from 'Í Byles ¡on Bills," oightli edition, 1802, p. 13, may. bo upoful to trades- men:-"A ohequo on n banker is,.'in legal olTect, un inland bill of exchange, drawn on n banker, itayablo "to bearer on domnnd, A cheque is consequently subject, in general, to tho rules which regulato the rights and liabilities of parties; to bills of exchange. ' Cheques on bankers, howovcr, linvo bf lato years como into uso so frequent, ns commonly to suiiorscde, in payments of any considerable amount, ; not only gold and silver coin, but linnie notos.themselves. Willi their.univorpnl uso havu growl up certain' Visages _ peculiar.' to cheques, which usages nro now engrafted on tho commercial law of - tho country." Thoy should bo ? presented for payment within n reasonable time. Postdated cheques and bi'ls of oxehango ait) void. ; ""Where n chrapio drawn' on a country banker, dated 10th Jfnrch, was not presented until Otli April, and no causo was assigned for tho dolay, but tho dmwor had not sustained loss bj- Uio non-prosonlmcnt nt nn earlier period, tho drawer was held Hablo to bo Buod on-tho cheque. It ÍB . difficult, howovcr,' to seo how < a solvent drawer, on a solvent banker, can bo prejudiced by dolay in tho presentment of n cheque." ? Tradotrmen ' cannot bo too careftsl in recoiving cheques in payment for goods told. 