MARENGO. from our correspondent. May 3. — As a slight illustration of the insecure feeling that exists on our own highway, yesterday, as a young man named Spare was returning on horseback from Crowthcr, he, through "taking a short cut, suddenly emerged from the bush into the road just as two German hawkers were pass ing by with a covered vehicle. In the twinkling of an eye the foreigners' weapons were lugged out, nnd n gun was levelled in a lino with Mr. Spare's head, and had ho not been very quick nnd loud in explanation, probably bloodshed, or even death, might have ensued. If all travellers on our highway carried arms, nnd were prepared to use them ns promptly ns those two continentals, bushrnnging would soon be crushed. Since my Inst a little more rain lias fnllen, con sequently ploughing is now general. . The weather is Denutifully clear and fine. Professional Jealousy. — It is stated that 'Superintendent Singleton. -of Albury, has reported to the Government that he is of opinion Morgan could have been taken alive by the Victorian police at Peechelba, and, therefore, they nre not entitled to any part of tho reward offered by the Crown. JUST IN TIME FOR THE SESSIONS - During the week there have been several petty thefts in the town, Which show we are not without people who need locking up. On Wednesday night an unauthorised selection was made from a continuous series of garments exposed for drying and bleaching on a line stretched on a plot of ground at the eastern side of the creek, at the back of the mill, and on two nocturnal occasions the miscalled " safe " at the dwelling of the Rev. Mr. Cutcliffe was burglariously broken into and sundry "crumbs" abstracted therefrom. As petty thieving is a crime against which few persons can guard — except those who have actually nothing to lose — we hope that any offender when discovered will receive the heaviest award of punishment the law directs. NOLLE PROSEQUI. — The Crown has intimated its intention of not proceeding with tho cases against Patrick Flannngan, charged with cattle stealing, and George Moffatt, for larceny. 'The witnesses will therefore not be required to attend. Yass Penny Bank. — The following gentlemen will attend this afternoon nnd evening to receive deposits, &c.; : — Messrs. Wnddy, Taylor, and Harper. Wc understand there are now nearly 200/. lodged in the bank, nnd wc are surprised the trustees or directors do not take steps to procure interest on tho whole or a portion of the amount. Small Debts' Court. — There was only one case for the last sitting of tho court-, which was that of Blako v. Ryan, balance of account, which was settled between the parties. Distribution of the Police Force, South eastern District. — The following is the distri bution of the men in this district on tho 31st March last, as furnished by the Inspector-General : Superintendent, 1, Goulburn: Sub- inspectors, 3, namely, nt Yass, Burrowa, and Young ; senior- sergeant, 1 (acting sub-inspector oh special ser vice) sergeants, mounted, 2, namely, at Taralga and Dryburg ; senior-constables, mounted,' 14, namely, at Goulburn, Collector, Tarngo, Marulan, Binda, Tnena, Gunning, Burrowa, Binalong, Young, Stony Creek, Wombat, Cootamundry, Woddin, and Marengo ; constables, mounted, 01, namely, nt Goulburn, G; Collector, 2 ; Tarago, 2 ; Bungo- nia, 1 ; Marulan, 1 ; Taralga,'2 ; Binda, 1 ; T'uena, 1; Gunning, 2; Yass, 4 ; Burrowa, 3; Binalong, 2 ; Dryburg, 2 ; Murrumburrah, 3 ; Young, 7 ; Wombat, 2 ; Cootamundry, 2 ; Weddin, 2 ; Ma rengo, 1 ; Currawang, 2 ; Crowther, 3 ; Wollogo- rang, 3. Senior-sergeants, foot, 4, namely, nt Goulburn, 3 ; Young, 1. Sergeants, foot, 2, namely, at Goulburn, 1 ; Yass, 1. Senior-constables, foot, 5, namely, at Goulburn, 1 ; Taralga, 1 ; Gunning, 1 ; Burrowa. 1; and Young, 1. Constables, foot, 21, namely, at Goulburn, 5; Wingello, 1 ; Tuena,- I ; Yass, 4 ; Burrowa, 2 ; Binalong, 1 ; Murrum burrah, 1 ; Young. 4 ; Stony Creek, 1 ; Wombat, 1 ; Marengo, 1 ; Currawang, 1 ; on special service, 1\. Total force in the' district, 110. The Existino Police System. — The following were the questions forwarded by the Colonial Secretary to the Bench here, and to which their reply was requested: — 1. Are thore more police in your district than are necessary ? If so, how many und of -what grade or rank P 2. If the police are .not numerically too large, ar.e any of them in your opinion unfit for their situation by renson of dis qualification on the ground of age. infirmity, cha racter, or inefficiency of any_desuription ? If so, will you name those of any rank whoareconsider- . ed as disqualified ? 3. Can you suggest any means ' by which, in your opinion, a cordial rco -operation between tho magistrates and the executive police can he obtained ? On Tuesday there was a meet ing of justices convened for the purpose of con sidering and replying to tho questions; the only ones present were Messrs. II. O'Brien, I. M. Blake, and Morgan O'Coiinor. The following is a copy of tho reply forwarded :— Police Office, Yass, 2nd ' May, 1805. Sir, With reference to your circular letter of the 27th March, 1805, requesting the opinion of the Bench as to certain questions pro pounded (o them, we do ourselves the honour to reply thus: — 1. No. 2. The general system affords us no opportunity of being able to judge of this question. 3. None, under the present system. We have, &c.;, H. O'Brien, I. M. Blake, Morgan O'Connor. Quinces. — On more than one occasion during the past season we have noticed the fine quality of tho fruit, &c.;, grown by .Mr. Myles in his garden in Meehan-street. The other day we had on oppor tunity of seeing a basketfull of quinces, the pro duce of his garden, and few of them weighed loss than I J lb. We are awnro that picked specimens of this description of fruit -can he obtained of larger dimensions and greater weight than those referred to, but we believe it is rarely that qdinces so heavy and so lnrge can be recorded ns a fair average of the crop grown in any garden in the Yass district. Sale of Sheep. — Mr. Brewster sold, on Wednes day, by auction, at Sydney, for delivery on the Woodlands estate, near IJuennbcynn, 3200 mixed sheep at 8s. 9d. per hend; 40 head of cattle, 20 head of horses, stores, &c.;, at a valuation. The Rev. W. Taylor, trom California. — Mr. Taylor, who has returned from New Zealnnd, will, wo learn, shortly leave Sydney on a visit to Goul burn, where his reception, so long anticipated, will probably not be less hearty and profitable than given to him in the metropolis, the Western district, nnd other parts. Unlike popular preachers gene rally visiting our shores, Mr. Taylor can manage country travelling. His Sunday afternoon ad dresses to Sabbath-school children are peculiarly happy and effective. His southern journey will extend to Yass, taking up intermediate places — Gunning, Collector, &o.; -Mr. Taylor hns recently made a contribution of 100/. to tho Australasian Wcsleynn Missionary Society, proceeds, in part, of the sale of his publications. — Empire. Bushrangino in the Tamworth District.— Encounter with the Police. — Wo take the fol- lowing from the Tamworth Examiner: -It would seem that on the night of tho day on which the Warialda mail was stuck-up. Thunderbolt (alias Ward) and his companions went to a paddock on the station of the Messrs. Lloyd, at Manilla, where there was a number of horses, and took two of the best. Proceeding onwards towards Barrnba we hear that two more horses were taken from there belonging to the Messrs. Sinclair, they nt the same time leaving there tho horse they had taken from the postman when they stuck-up the Warialda mail, and one they stole from Lloyd's station. On the morning of the following day (the 2Qlh instant), they went to Mr. Chcesborough's station, about twelve miles from Barrnba, and stuck tho inmates up. Mr. Chcesborough was from home, but one of the women gave the gang a sound rating for their daring to come there. After making some anxious enquiries about Mr. Chcesborough, they took a horse, a gun, and a revolver, nnd some rations, nnd then left, going in tho direction of Mr. Letlibridge's station. From the 20th till the 24th wo hear nothing of the gang, but on the morningof that day it appears that, they got to Mr. Munro's inn at Boggy Creek, when they bailed up all the inmates, and took property and cash from the house amounting in all to between 70/. and 80/. A por tion of the property stolen consisted of rations nnd clothing, of' which they took a good supply. They did not molest any one, although Mr. Munro bravely challenged to " tackle " each of them separately. They declined his invitation, nnd after enjoying themselves for a little time, and drinking a quan tity of spirits, shot a valuable dog and left in the direction of Mr. Wnlford's public-house at Millie. On the road to this place they met with Mr. Bald win, stuck him up in tho usual fashion, and pro ceeded on their road to Wnlford's place. They reached the inn between twelve and one o'clock the same day. It would seem that Mr. Wnll'ord had heard of the bushrangers being in the neighbour hood, and that he might expect them shortly, and accordingly everything valuable and portablo was concealed. On reaching the inn they bailed up those who were about tho place, nnd obtained a small amount of cash, but nothing else worth men tioning. Hero they remained for about an hour. where we will leave them in order to give an ac count of the police. It would appear that on the police receiving intimation of the presence of tho bushrangers at Manilla, intelligence was bent to all the police stations, and constables Dalton and Lynch, of tho Tamworth police, were despatched to Barraba, via Manilla. On reaching tho former place constable Norris, of Barraba. joined them, and on hearing of the affair at Cheesborough's, they started nt once to that place, which they reached on the morning of the 21st instant, just a dny after the bushrangers had left. They then took up the tracks and went from thore to Mr. Lethbridge's stntion. where they obtained tho ser vices of a black trncker, and continued tho search. After tracking them from that time till the 24th, they reached Millie (Mr. Wnlford's public- house) about nn hour after the bushrangers had arrived there. The situation of this house is on an open plain, without a tree for miles in any direction. Tho bushrangers, four in number, were at the house at the time, one being outside on guard, and on the latter seeing four men galloping across the plain to the house, a whistle was given to those in side. and all four came out to see who it might be. On learning that it was the police, they all mounted their horses, one of them holding up his revolver ns a challenge to thcpolicoto come on, at tho same time retreating from the lionsc to the open plain nt the rear. They had all drawn their revolvers, but the police, nothing daunted, gave chase, and came within firing distanco a short distance from the house. Thunderbolt fired tho first shot, to which the police replied, at the same time endea vours wero made to cut off tho young lad from the rest of tho gang, who seemed not to be. so well mounted ns the others. Firing; was eontinued on both sides with great vigour, when a well directed ball from tho revolver of constable Dalton took effect on tho young lad, entered the back nnd came out near the stomach. He fell from his horse, and Dalton shouted to Constable Norris to take charge of him, while ho went after the others. On leaving with that intention, lie fortunately turned round and saw the young vagabond, while on the ground, presenting his revolver at him. He throw himself on his horse's neck, and the ball luckily passed over him. Constable Norris came up at this moment, and again fired at the ruffian, the ball taking effect, having entered the jaw and escaped at the back of the neck. During tho whole of the time constable Lynch was keeping the other three bushrangers at bay, and succeeded in doing so, notwithstanding that Ward, who wa3 mounted on a fine chesnut horse, several times rode between the police and tho youth, constantly discharging h s revolver at the same time, in order to give bus mate time to escape. He was, however, unsuccessful.. About forty shots were fired by the police, and their ammunition was nearly allexpended. After securing the youth, they proceeded a short distance after tho others, but their horses were completely knocked up, having ridden them fully five hundred miles. The fight is described- by eye witnesses ns an ex ceedingly plucky nffnir, and highly creditable to the police engaged. We hope their conduct will not be overlooked by those in authority. The en counter lasted altogether about nu hour, and the balls from the several revolvers flew about in all directions, one passing through the whiskers of one of the police, but not injuring him. Tho youth who was shot was at once taken to tho inn, and a doctor sent for to Moree ; but he is in a very weak state, and it is doubtful if he will recover. Wo hear that several volunteers, in conjunction with the Wee Waa police, have started after the other three bush rangers. The head of the gang, who goes under tho, sobriquet of " Thunderbolt," is nnmcd Ward, nnd hns been engaged in several robberies. Ho was at one time employed in breaking in horses at the Tureela station. The second is supposcd-to be a man named Mcintosh, and is said toe a brother of Mdlntosh who was mixed up with Picton in a cattle Btenling'cnse some years ago. The bush ranger who is shot is named John Thomson, a youth about sixteen yenrs ol age, and is described ns a very dangerous vagabond. He was at one time in the service of Mr. Oousens, of 'i'erriaro, near Narrnbri, and was subsequently employed on the Tcrrehihi station, by Mr. Bowmnn's superin tendent. Before leaving there, about three months ngo, he threatened to shoot tho superintendent (Mr. Sullivnn), nnd left the station, taking with him a horse. lie had frequently expressed a wish to join the bushrangers. The fourth man is known by tho nnmo of " Bull '' or " Bully.'' Thomson and Ward arc well acquainted with iho part of tho country on which they have been recently commit ting their depredations, nnd the former with his companions will doubtless make for. his old haunts on tne head of some of tho creeks running into the Barwin, near Walgett. At a late hour last night we learned that the wounded lad Thomson was left at Millie, in charge of constables Norris and Lynch, nnd that constable Dalton had, with four others, supposed to be volunteers, started from. Millie in pursuit of the other three men. Thomson is since dead. Eurongilly Gold- Fields. — Tho following is from the Oundagai Herald: — Although this plnce was visited with steady rain on Wednesday nnd Thursday, it 'wns not sufficient to put water in tho dams ; and fine weather has ngain set in, leaving us as destitute of water for gold washing purposes as we ever were. Thore has been no " washing up " on the lead since my last, nor have any fresh discoveries been made to cheer the hopes of tho people. Just about the time of despatching my last week's communicatipn, a rush hnd tnken place to a gully about a mile and a half from the town ship, in consequence of Mr. Butler having wnshed a favourable prospect from a hole which had been sunk and abandoned two or three months since. For a day or two there was considerable excitement, nnd the sinking not being more than twenty-five feet, claims were immediately pegged out on the block system, and sinking at once commenced ; several holes had been bottomed during tho week, generally shallow, but nothing of a payable char acter had been struck. The prospectors wnslied fourteen backets of dirt on Wednesdny, which only yielded 1 4 dwts., but as a stiff dip " towards the iuurrumDiugce is reportca, mere is yet, nope ot the ground proving payable. A great deal of prospecting is going on in every direction within a radius of several miles, and therefore tho district w-ill be fairly tried during tho next few weeks, and will not be set down a duffer until it hns been prov ed to be one. At present, there nppears to be a pretty general impression amongst the people hero that good ground will yet be opened up in the neighbourhood, consequently, no very great dim inution has yet taken 'place in the population, and fresh buildings aro still going up. The reefs con tinue to improve, the " discoverers " having struck first-rnte stone at fifty feet, and better quartz show ing itself in other claims. The quartfc crushing machinery will probably be on the ground some time next week. A new reef has been opened about ten iriilesffromliere, in the direction of Junee, and -several auriferous specimens from it have been brought into the town. We shall probably learn something further of this latest ascertained addi tion to our nurifcrous resources -in the course of a few days. The shaft in the flat— No. 28-29 Spen cer's lead— hns now reached a depth of 195 feet, without any indication of bottom ; and great hope js icib iiiufi xu mis uuiiui u auru wi grunu juncc-ion of all the gutters will bo struck. The " Hope Lead" has had its patronymic changed to the Hope-less, nothing satisfactory having yet been opened up in that locality. The wash-dirt in 9-10 Spencer's, where the dip in the deep ground occurs, appears to improve, a dish of stuff taken at random from what was considered as "headings" having yielded a prospect of three grains yesterday. Tho next claim — eleven and twelve — in which they aro driving, is the last claim now working on this lead with the exception of the deep shaft referred to. Tho old unbottommcd shaft in " Scrubby " or " Slaughter-yard Gully " has been taken up this week, and sunk a further depth of upwards of twenty feet, making seventy feet in all ; and the result is the same inevitable " splendid wash'" and " the colour." A rumour was current last even ing that payable gold had been discovered atBera- bula station (Gordon's), some fifteen miles from this placo : but I have been unable to trace it to any reliable source. The population numbers nt pre- sent nDout /UU or 800, nnd is steadily decreasing, but it only requires that a single gully of the many now being prospected should " turn out " to double this number in a week, and cause everything to re vive as if by magic. Even a heavy fall of rain would change tho aspect of affairs very materially for the better : as the diggers who have piles of wash-dirt on the surface would then be able to wash up ; and prospecting would be much more active than at present. As matters now stand, no gold what ever is produced on tho Rush, tho cost of carting — 7s. per load— being too high to induce owners (If wash-dirt to cart it to the creek until they are actually compelled to do so. Alleged Supernatural Manifestation. — Tho following ridiculous report has been communicated to the Portland Guardian , and appears in the pub lication of that journal of the 20th ultimo'. Wo should like to know how many of Mr. Guiness's congregation could tell whether he was repeating " a whole chnptcr in tho original- langunge of the Scriptures or reciting a quantity of unintelligible gibberish : — " On Easter Sunday morning divine sorvieo began in tho Baptist Ohapel hero in tho usunl manner, and was conducted by Mr. Guincss — tho 20th chapter of John's gospel expounded, and prayer engnged in. Mr. Guineas, on rising, was awed and stunned by an angelic personage standing some yards distant, and about six feet above tlio floor of tho building, and holding in his right hand a white cross bearing an inscription in red letters. Mr. G. instantly sunk into a chair be hind, covering his eyes with a handkerchief. Twice he attempted to address the congregation, hut failed each time. For a moment it was thought tho rev. gentleman had fainted, but this delusion was instantly removed by Mr. G. acain standing un and requesting his audience to unite with-him in silent' prayer. This done, Mr. G. appearing much exhausted, one of the congregation gave out the hymn ' Christ the Lord is risen to-day.' While the hymn was being silngthorev. gentleman knelt, apparently under great excitement. Mr. ,G. ngain engaged in prayer nnd made another attempt to address his audience, but after a fow words was compelled to sit down quite exhausted. The con gregation quietly dispersed. At the rev. gentle man's request ho was left alone in tho building for some time. In tho ovening Mr. Guiness officiated ngnin to a crowded audience, many people stand ing around the doors outside. On this occasion the rev. gentleman was so gifted ns to repeat a whole chapter in the original language of the Soriptures, after which lie gavo nn exposition of tho chapter read, and preached. During tho oven ing service Mr. G. beheld for an instant tho same personage he saw in the morning, and was for the moment quite overcome. Tho impressions mnde on the congregation on both occasions were deep and solemn, and will lone be remembered. Mr. G. is now recovering from the exhaustion he experi enced. Tho rov. gentleman has received a deep earnestness, fluency of address, and freedom in prayer never before experienced." — Melbourne Herald. Bushrangino in tiie Far North-West. — On tho 2Gth of last month the station of Macleay, Little and Co., on the Culgoa, about 100 miles from Bourke, was stuck-up by four armed men. Thero were five or six men on the station, and Mr. Beaumont, ono of the firm, was disposed to show fight, but there was no disposition among the others to help, so ho was obliged to yield. They took what firearms nnd ammunition were to be had, loaded two pack-horses with slops and station stores, and took their departure. A special mes senger was despatched to Bourke, which place ho reached on Monday evening. Next morning sergeant Olcary and constable Byrne, with tho messenger, started for tho station, which thoy reached on tho ovening of Wednesday, iThey took their tracker with them, (who happily ;belongs to the neighbourhood wherolthe- affuir_teyL|)l«C0,j3jL tho following morning, that is, on Thursday, having got fresh horses, they started, accompanied by Mr. Beaumont and another black. In order that your' readers may understand the difficulties of this pur suit, I may observ.e that the bushrangers had four days' start of the police. They took up their tracks up tho Brie and ncross the country to the Bokarra, from thence to the Narran. The bushrangers had fired the grass for some eighteen miles, to obliterate their tracks. On the second night the police camo to where it is thought the bushrangers had camped on Sunday night, the fire still burning. 'Here the gentlemen of tho road had shot a bullock, and cut what meat they wanted out of the rump of the beast. .The police took up the tracks next morning, which led them right into the Narran Lake. A considerable time was spent in looking about for the way they had passed out of the lake, which is about five miles across. At last the tracker found the track of a pickaninny leading up a hill into the scrub, a little after that of a gin, which would ap pear to be their way to water. Just before this they saw a horse galloping along the edge of tho lnko. The scrub being very thick, they followed the track up a hill, about three hundred yards from the lake, when, lo, they came upon the camp of tho gentry. Mrs. Frederick Ward, alias Oaptaic Thunderbolt's half-cast gin and pickaninnies were busy planting the stolen property. She recognised sergeant Cleary, and said, " So you are here again; are you, but you're too late, they're off ; we saw you when you enme on the lake thiB morning." They found all tho property stolen from the station, less what had been consumed — tfea, sugar, flour, tobncco, slops, and three double-barrelled guns; loaded to tho muzzlo. and two pistols, ammunition, &c.; They had to pick up the tracks of the retiring gentlemen, but they could not succeed, as they had taken diffent ways. They camped on the other1 side of the lnke for the day, and at night they stealthiLy stole round to the camp, and planted themselves within sight of the camp nearly the wholo night-, but without the anticipated results. I ought to have observed that Mrs. Thunderbolt; who speaks good English, gavo th'dm a little Billingsgate, and twitted them on their want of success, and was particularly severe on Mr. Beaumont, who, Bhe said, was only showing off nt the station when ho wanted to show fight. On tho morning succeeding tneir watcn ot tne camp, tney packed up the stoleU goods and two splendid horses, and a mare and foal, bringing the good lady and young ones with them ; however, she got rusty on the way, and threw herself from the horse, and attneked the constable and tore his shirt to ribbons. With her passion she brought on, or feigned to bring on labour, wh6n they were obliged to take her to a station belonging -to a worthy named Foster, where they left her. She frequently threatened them with " Fred's" vengeance. The goods were taken to the station of tho parties plundered, and the horses brought on to Bourke. As a finale to this paragraph I may observe that in January this worthy, with one mate, stuck-up a hawker on tho Culgoa, and took a large sum Of money and goods from him. It will be rem'embered that on that occa sion. scrgt. Cleary succeeded in tracking him to his hiding-plnce, near tho notorious Red Town station on the Narran. He there found his lady lovo and the goods, and a horse with Mr. Moffit's brand on; he very naively said the brand was bis, but not the horse. Now, as the captain has got two recruits, his operations will be carried on on n more extended scale. Anent this horse, it may not be Out of place co say ne was urownea a nccie cime ngo in cne Darling, and there is some reason to believe he was driven into the Dnrlingby some of " Fred's" pnls, as we had some bright boys from that neighbourhood in Bourke at the time. It hns been said that a gallows is a mark of nn advanced state of civilisa tion, so by a parity of reasoning I would say that the presence of these gentry as bushrangers in this remoto nnd hitherto but little known portion of her Majesty's dominions might be taken as evidence of a like state. — Bourke corr. Empire. Death of an Old Colonist.— Tho death of Mr. E. S. Parker, of Mount Franklyn, which melani choly event occurred on the 27th., is announced. The Daylcsford Mercury says : — " The ago of the deceased gentleman was sixty- three. His death breaks a link that connected the present with tho past generation. Ho landed in Sydney in 1838, having been appointed by the Home Government Proteotor of the Aborigines. From Sydney he went to whnt is now Melbourne, thence to whrtt is now Sunbury. thence to Bryant's station, or Bar- inghup, as it is now called ; nnd thence to Mount Franklyn, where ho hns lived more thnn twenty years, where he has died, and where he !b going to be buried. He has played no unimportant part in the history of the colony, though not obtrusively. He was a nominee membef of the Council under the oid regime, and wo believe that wo may safely say that his sympathies were always with tho popular cause— that is, that he exerted himself to procure the independence of Victoria from Now South Wales. In other directions he exerted him self for the public good. We understand that the deceased gentleman leaves behind him a large mnss of MSS., in which he has recorded his experiences of life in this colony. Wo trust that his executors will preserve these records, for they cannot but bo valuablo as a contribution to the early history of Victoria." Every Man his own Lawyer. — Application was made to Mr. Justice Moles worth for probate of the following will : — " That I, the undersigned, do hereby bequeath and will all that piece or parcel of land, situate on Southerland Creek, parish of Darriviil, county of , to my three brothers, Daniel, Pntrick and Willinffi Dulehanty; and what ever goods nnd Chattels belonging to my property, namely, cattle, corn, and all appendages included; and I also bind and Confirm tho abovenamed three brothers, Patrick, Daniei, and William, to defray all expenses on the said estfite', after my death by pay ing interment expenses. 1, John Dulehanty, do hereby acknowledge to pay riiy b'rothor, Mich del Dulehanty, the sum of twenty-six pounds ten shil lings ; and I also request my brother, Patrick, to pay brother Daniel the sum of three pounds out of his claim on the estate. I require my three brothers, namelv. Daniel. Patrick, nnd William, to pay to the Credit of my mother the sum.of twenty pounds at the date of her interment, if required, out of the abovementioned estate ; and I, John Dulehanty, do appoint and request my two disin terested brothers, as sole trustees eft my estate, namely, Michael Dulehanty and John HayeB. Signed his mark X John Dulehanty. Witnesses present— O. Sweeney, Timothy Bohan." — Melbourne Leader. Sticking-up by Diggers.— A Mudgee telegram to the Herald, dated Monday, says : — Croy's public- house, on Old Pipeclay, was stuck-up by a number of diggers Inst night. About 50/. cash was taken, and a quantity of stock drank and destroyed. The police magistrate, Mr. W. R. Blackman, and Mr. T. Cadell, J.P., accompanied by Alderman Hugh- Bon, and Messrs. G. Flood, A. Hill, and Delaney, who were sworn, as constables, with the regular police force proceeded to the spot and arrested three of tho ringleaders, who will be brought before the bench to-morrow for examination. Morgan and the Police. — A late number of Melbourne Pundh contains nskit on the New South Wales police, anent the death of Morgan. It is in the shape of a wood-cut representing a monument erected to tho redoubtable bushrunger, before which two of the New South Wales policemen, dressed as o'd women, are lamenting — one of them exclaiming " Shure, and why couldn't he Btay wid his ould friends I " The monument itself bears the follow ing inscription : — "To the memory of Daniel Morgnn, many years a respected inhabitant of New South Wales, -who, having for a brief period visit ed Victoria, came to an untimely end in that in hospitable colony. This monument is erected by tho New South Wales police in affectionate remem brance of many a pleasant country trip whioh he afforded them.1' The Accidental Shooting of Constable Her bert. — At the Polico Oourt, Oarcoar, on the 20th ultimo, James Oook was charged by Mr. Super intendent Lydiard, of the western police, with Bhooting at and wounding John Redman Herbert, a senior-constable in the police, stationed at Ca- nowindra, of which wounds Herbert hnd died. . JEdward Ambrose deposed that he -was a-oonsta- — ble stationed at Onnowindra ; on the 28th March senior-constable Herbert, Oook, Peter, a black tracker, and myself went out to look for the bush rangers, and camped for the night about a mile and a half from Mogong; about dusk Herbert and myself started on foot to watch a certain hut, leaving Cook and Potcr to mind the camp and the horses : beforo wo left, constable Herbert caution ed Cook not to fire at any persons unless he knew who they were, and to short hobble the horses, nnd if we returned that night, which he did not think wo should, he would givo a whistlo with the top of a powder-flask befire we reached the camp ; Herbert nt tlio snme time showed Cook the way that he would whistlo ;' wo returned to the oamp between twolve and one o'clock that night, which was rather dark ; wo missed our way, and cn'mo upon the camp before wo wero aware of it ; Herbert was about three yards in adranco of mo, and when about fifteen yards from tho camp wo were fired upon ; there were two shots quickly after each other; Cook sang out, after ho tired, "Who are you Herbert staggered a few pnees, and cried out, " Don't, don't, you have shot Her bert 1" and then fell, I did not hear Cook call hefore the firing, its T slipped down just before the shots wero fired; if he did, it must have been very lightly ; Cook was perfectly sober, and had not had anything to drink ; I never heard him have a quarrel with Herbert; Cook expressed great rcgret nt having shot Herbert, nnd said that ho thought it was tho bushrangers, nnd that ho heard tho horses start, that ho challenged them, but got no answer : wq did not know that wo wero so near the camp when wo' wero fired upon. To Cook : You nnd Herbert wero on one side of the creek, driving tho horse, and I and Peter on tho other side ; I did not hear Herbert tell you nnd the tracker to lenvo the camp nnd come to the hut if you_ heard any firing ; wo did not make much noiso in coming to tho camp, Charles Lydiard deposed that he was superintendent of the western police; on the 4th April I accompanied Mr. W. M. Rothery, J. P., to Canowindra, for the pur pose of taking tho depositions of constable Herbert, who was lving at the police station of that place dangerously wbunded ; tho sworn testimony now produced was given by ITcrbort in tho pre sence of Cook. The testimony was then put in and read, and was tho same as tho evidence given by constable Ambrose. Peter Hogan, a black tracker, stated that ho was baptised by a priest. at Darling Downs a long time ngo. He stated ho was out with tho police when Herbert was shot; beforo Herbert and Ambrose went away Harbert showed Cook how ho would whistle before became to tho camp ; after they left I went with Cook to look after the horses : when wo returned I lay down and had a sleep, when Cook woke mo by hitting me on thfi krtee, nnd said " nere they arc," and wo saw two men go to tho horses; Cook call ed to the men, when they galloped oft', after which I fell asleep again, itnd was woke by Cook, who said, " Hero they are,'' and twice called' out loudly, " Who comes hero P" and fired ; I also fired ; Her bert called out, "You have shot Herbert;" I did not hear any whistlo ; I was nrmod with a giin of Herbert's, who loaded it himself with shot.- Hugh Mortimer Rowland deposed that he was a medical practitioner; on 29th March I saw senior-consta ble Herbert at Mogong; ho was suffering from & gun-shot wound ; tho most important wound was inflicted by a largo bullet which entered tho left flank, pnssing through tho left kidney, and lodged in the loins ; I extracted tho ball, which I now produce; I saw him agnin on tho 14th April, ho was then dying from tho effects of that wound ; I have since heard that he is dead ; ho was also wounded with smnll shot on tho shoulder and neck. — James Cook, in defence, said he was out with Herbert, Ambrose, and Peter, nnd went into camp nbout half past five, when they had some tea ; Herbert and Ambrose left to inspect a cer tain place; that when. they returned they would come in a certain direction, which ho pointed out, and said that ho would give a whistle with the top ot his powder-flask; about ten o'clock two men I'odo up to tho horses; I called out to them, when they galloped off ; ubout twelve or one o'clock I saw two men coming towards the camp ; I called out to them, and not getting an answer I fired ; the tracker also fired ; they wero returning to tho camp in a different direction to what they said they would, nnd did not whistle, which was the cnuso of my firing, and I am truly sorry for tho occurrence. Their worships wero of opinion that Cook did not use the precaution he ought to have dono before he fired, and, severely reprimanding him, dismissed the case. — Bathurst Free Press. BusnRANOtNG im Queensland.— -The Burnett correspondent of the Chronicle gives the following : — Lost Thursday evening two smart looking young fellows rode up to Mr. Skclton's. public-house, at Mundubbera, and after remaining some time — while they wero evidently sounding — one of them (juietly produced a loaded revolver, nnd presenting it at Mrs. Skelton, who was in tho bar, demanded what money she had. On its being given up ho made her let him into the store, and thero helped himself to about ten pounds worth of goods. Tho other villain likewise produced a revolver nnd pro ceeded to the back of the house, and bailed up a servant woman; while his mate satisfied himself in the house ; they then ordored all of them together, nnd h'aving mo'Unted their horses, which are said to bo splendid looking animals, galloped off. Mr. Skelton was in the house at the time, but in bed | and very bad with the blight ; no other person was ! about tho plnc'o. Aftbr this exploit, tho two vil lains .went Up to A dray camped on the road side, and demanded from the driver in their "little" way all and everything that suited them; they stopped all : night with the dray, and next morning after breakfast, they introduced their revolvers again to the notie'e of the driver, and demanded all his money, which fortunnteiy only happened to bo 11\. ; after taking this they again setoff, and nothing is known oC them since ; although it is believed they are in the - neighbourhood of the Barambnh, as parties answering their description havo been seen thereabouts. The police are in search, and I trust I shall hayo tho plensure shortly to inform you that they are captured. Alleged Genuine Colonial Qiiosts. — Two ghost stories — tho first from the Bivcrine Herald. and which will remind those who have read Wash ington Irving's " Sketeh-Book " of tho equestrian goblin of Sleepy Hollow, and tho other from tho Bendigo Independent , the writer of which appar ently gives credence .to it " Most people have heard of that haunted spot, t|ie Black Swamp, be tween DeniliqUin and tho Murrumbidgee, round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a head less trooper rides a grey cob at full speed. We Were assured the other day that a party of three men camped there lately for tho. night, were Dearly scared out of their senses by the appearance in tho full moonlight of this midnight visitant. Our in formant was positive that the occurrence had taken place, and we believe he was sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the apparition.'' Now for the Independent's contribution to legendary history : — " Who shall say there is no truth in animal raag- hetism, or special electricity, or call it what you will, when cases like the following present them selves from time to time to our notice P We gave a brief account tho other day of the accidental death by drowning of . Mr. Bost, and wo have been since told that Mrs. Best distinctly saw the figure, or double, of her husband nt her bedside the even- irig before his death was supposed to have taken place, wishing her fnrewell, nnd telling her he was about to depart this life. Many of us must bo able to recal instances of people we imagined to be far distant appearing before us while we were talking about them, and it is the opinion of many sensible men that some magnetic agency onuses our thoughts to run in the channel which brings about these mysterious coincidences, as they are termed." The headless trooper formed the hero of a tale in one of Mr, Dickens' miscellanies. Destruction of the Kangaroo. — A buttue on a large scale is reported to have taken place at the Kangaroo station of Messrs. A. and D. M'Bnohern, at Hotspur. About 150 horsemen assembled at ten a.m. at the station for the purpose of a grand hunt. , What followed is thus narrated in the Portland Guardian The horsemen divided,- a part going to \- " the right, a part to the left, nnd at this stage— sin gular as it may appear— the only accident of the day occurred ; young Mr. M'Gregor. putting his horse at the first fence, fell and broke his collar bone. A ring of hursoinen about three miles in oircumfcrence was subsequently formed nnd gra dually narrowed, when a buttue of about 4000 kan- guroo was enclosed, and driven to the wings lend ing to a well-closed yard from 10ft. to 1 1ft. high. Tho party succeeded in drawing about 700 into the ynrd, and here cudgels nnd all innnnor of wunpons wero brought into play, and tho work of destruc tion commenced and continued till all yarded wero killed. Through somo mismanagement in the driv ing, about 3000 escaped, and upon tho whole nboUt 1000 were killed." The defence sbt up for such apparent cruelty is that immense nreas of valuable pasturage are destroyed by these primitive deni zens of the bush. . Mutual Provident Societv. — A general. meet ing of the members of the Australian Mutunl Pro vident Society was held on Monday at two o'clock, Mr. S. A. Joseph, M.LA., in the chair. On the motion of Mr. Ashd'owh, a resolution was agreed to " That a committee bo appointed to investigate and report upon tho affairs of the society." Mr. A. Campbell then moved, " That a committee con sisting of the directors, his Honor Sir Alfred Ste phen, C. B. ; Hon, Sir William Manning, Q.C. ; and Messrs. A. Ashdown, M. E. Murnin, J. Mullens, J. Powell, E. Chapman, nnd ID. T. Beilby, bo now ap pointed." Thin resolution was amended by adding tho names of Hon. J. Mitchell, Esq., M.li.O., and Messrs. J. II. Goodlett and S. Lyons to tho com mittee, and carried with ono dissentient. Mr. A. Campbell then moved the following motion : — ' That the committee be instructed to prepare such alterations in tho by-laws and amendments in the Act of Incorporation of tho Society ns he considered necessary and expedient." After some discussion tho resolution was carried unanimously. — Herald. Colonial Gems. — Another diamond of very good size and 'quality was found last week in Finn's claim, at the Woolshed. Thero havo now been thirteen diamonds discovered in this one claim. Five Ovens diamonds, and we bbliovo several other gems, torquoises, amethysts, and to pazes, will bo forwarded by Mr. W. J. Turner, of Beochworth, to the forthcoming exhibition at Melbourne. It is rather curimts that alinbst all the topazes of the Ovens district are white and uncrystalised. — Bor der Post. Further Gold Discoveries.— A telegram to the Herald says that gold has been found at Hartley in payable quantities. Australian Kerosene. — On Friday afternoon last some experiments were tried in the presence of his Excellency and several gentlemen to test tho value of tho mineral lately discovered near Hartley, and from which some inflammable oil hnd been obtained. The experiiftcnts were made under the direction of Mr. Watt, .analytical chemist. A largo pieco of what was called Dog'hcad coal was broken to pieces and put into a retort, .where it was submitted to the same process as boal.is when used in mnking gas. Tho oil was seen to drip into an earthenwnre vessel, from which it wns con veyed into a still, where the process of purifica tion was gone through. A clenr oil was the re sult, which in a lamp gave a very bright light. Tho substance was obtained by Mr. Satmiel , neilr Hartley. Thero is a large seam of it, and it is tho intention of tho proprietor to issue tho prospec tus of a company for the working of the mine. Tho quantity of kerosene oil consumed in tho colony is very large, and at present wo have to import the whole of it, and if wo can produco the article a littlo cheaper than import it it will ho a great advantago to tho colony. — Freeman's Journal. The Late Mr. Clark Irving. — The Illustrated London News of 28th January states that soon after Mr. Irving's arrival in England from New South Wales, ho gave 100/. worth of prizes for shorthorns to the agricultural show which was held at his nativo town of Wigton, Cumberland; and the principal cup was won by Royal Buttqrfly, who was well backed up by Royal Butterfly 1 1 th. At tho first of the Babraluim sales he gave the highest price of the day (220 guineas) for Drawing-room Rose, nnd also bid boldly from the auctioneer's waggon for Rose of Lancashire, Roan Knight's Butterfly, and Frederick's Farewell, on thoTowneley day. The Recent Arson near Carcoar. — Michael White, who was in custody on suspicion of having set fire to Mr. Moroney's barn, has been set nt liberty, after having been remanded several times, thero not being sufficient evidence against him to commit him for trial. — Oorr. Free Press. Advertisement. — Jayno's Hair Tonic will pro- moto the growth of tho hair, remove scurf and dnndriff, give the hair a glossy appearance, prevent baldness, euro diseases of tho scalp, re-clothe bald heads with now hair, prevent premature greyness, and being tastefully put up in new style glass- stoppered bottles, and delightfully perfumed, is adapted to the toilet table, and will afford general satisfaction to all who give it a trial. Hollo way's Pills. — Nervous debility. — No part of the human machine requires mere watch ing than tho nervous system — upon it hangs health and life itself. Theso pills are tho best regulators nnd strengthened of the nerves, nnd tho safest general purifiers; Nnusoa, headache, giddiness, numbness, and mental apathy yield to them. They despatch, in a summary manner, those distressing dyspeptic Symptoms, stomachic pains, fullness at the pit of the stomach, abdominal distension, and overcome both capricious nppetite and confined bowels -the commonly accompanying signs of de fective or deranged nervous power. Hollo way's pills are particularly recommended to persons of studious and sedentary habits, who gradually sink into a nervous and debilitated stato unless some rostorativo, such as his pill, be occasionally taken. 