THE MAGAZINES OF THE MONTH. Not the least welcome arrival by tho mail is the usual butch of now books, magazines, and reviews, the perusal of which furnishes such a pleasant relief from the routine of colonial politics. Tha magazines for December present no features of extraordinary interest ; but upon tho whole they fully sustain the high character of British periodi cal literature. jjiacKWOOU, is generally ine most tempting of the periodicals, even to opposite classes of readers — those who appreciate sound and dispassionate criticism upon current evonta as well as the admirers of mere fiction. Time appears to mellow the good qualities of ' Old Ebony,' and even to develope others not inferior. Better numbers than the present we have certainly seen, but still each paper is vivid with interest. Perhaps the most readable is tho narrative of a year's adventures in the camps and cities of tho Southern Confederacy by one who re presonts himself as a British ' Cavalry Officer.' Without materially adding to our information, this gives an amusing account of his impressions of secession during tho year 1863-4. His sympathies are decidedly Southern, and he appears to believe not only iu tho justice of the Confederate cause, bnt in its ultimate success. He repeats all the stories of Federal excesses, and suggests a contrast in favor of tho Confederates, tho loaders being heroes and tho soldiers models of sobriety. He duoniMlina Hin narrrAno 1 r» 4lin oomn nc ' o rronnf study,' their predominant feelings being haired of the Yankees and love of their Southern masters I As an illustration of tho Confederate determina tion to hold out to the last, ho quotes a somewhat remarkable observation addressed to him by an energetic officer : — ' We'll fight them, sir, till hell freezos' — said this worthy — ' and then, sir, we'll fight them on the ice!' He appears, indeed, to have fallen in with some very eccentric specimens of Secessionists, judging from the following anec dote : — ' I sat one evening with a party of three before the door of the hotel, and they' wero talking red hot ' secesh' politics. All regretted that the .American colonies had ever separated from Eng ' land ; aud though they professed to admiro Wash ington personally, yet they heartily wished ho had never been born. Ono went so far ns to d ? n Christopher Columbus — ' what business on earth,' ho said, ' had he to come and discover this God forsaken country '!' ' Yes, sir,' said nnother, nd dressing himself to me, ' it was a Yankee trick, sir ; they cheated ns as they havo dono over since. We didn't want to quarrel with England, but they did, because they had been kicked out of the country with their mayllower and their Puritans. D ? u them, I wish they had all been drowned at tho bottom of tho sea. And they didn't want to fight, sir ; and we Southerners, like fools, went nud fought it out for them us thev avo inakin' their Dutch and Irishmen fight for them now, sir. No Yankee is ever killed iu battle, sir — not at least to Dpeuk of,' he added, in modification to tbia rather untenable proposition.' Occasionally, as in this extract, a spice of sorer am is perceptible, in spite of all his enthusiasm. Hei e is another anecdote decidedly more aransing than probable. Tho Southerners are of course not noarly so commercial a race as the Yankees, but still thoy are much given to 'trading' amongst each other; and the other day at an hospital iu Gettysburg, au artilleryman, whoso leg was to be taken off, no sooner knew that amputation was decided upon, by Itae doctors, than be turned to another wounded man on the nextbed, and, beforo the operation was performed, had ' traded' tho boot which was henceforth to bo of no use to him. ' My Latest Vacation Excursion' is an extremely spirited and agreeable account of a tour through the Austrian and Bavarian Alps, tho writer of which has not only a keen eyo for tho picturesque, but a mind stored with such associations as render the sceucry of his wandeiing classical ground. Ho appears to take special delight in describing tho lakes and rivers on his way, and is not a little daring in pome of his criticisms. Fancy his confession that he ' dislikes the Ehine district as a conntry to walk in, on account of its dry, thirsty vineyard scenery ; ' and that he ' dislikes sailing on the river, on account of its dirtiness ! ' Why, this is flat blas phemy ! Ho is more complimentary to tho lakes and streams of Salzburg and the Tyrol, however, the tinge of whose water ho describes as very beau tiful — something like the beryl or aquamarine. Those bright wators, ho admits, aro delicious in appeasing the thrist, but marvellously tantalising to tho weary traveller in search of a bath. His reference to this point is not a bad specimen of the quiet humor running through tho entire sketch : — ' These valleys are nota place suited for following tho example ol some young fellows whom I re member buffering grievously from tho baking sun In a hot valley in tho Grampians, far remote from man. As they wero every now and thon stripping and plunging into tho nice little claret-colored pools under the pretty waterfalls, tho thought occurred— was it worth while putting on all their raiment again for tho short interval beforo the next dip? It was decided in tho negative; and, each tying up in a bundlo his whole raiment, the shoes excepted, the party inarched on by tho ridge of a hill, feeling next to absolute certainty that for many hours they would meet with no human being. They were mis taken, however ; for to their consternation they 'beheld creeping up from tho valley below, and likely to flu.uk them a little ahead, a few human beings, lookiug from the distanco like black beetles. From informalion subsequently acquired, it was be lived that thoso formed ' a Presbyterian visitation,' consisting of certain clergymen and elders of the Church of Scotland, whose function it was to cross tho uninhabited wilds and hold Christian and sociul intercourse with the inhabitants of the next strath. These grave personages, seeing tho classical forms on tho skyline of tho hill, wero doubtless exceedingly curious as to the solution of the phenomenon, and made such rapid approaches towards it, that what was to bo done was a problem. At first tho classical figures took to leaping and yelling, with tho best imitation they could make of tho Sioux war- cry. Finding this of no effect, they set to hurling down boulders ; and though theso were not aimed at tho invaders, but merely, in nautical language, athwart their bows, the menacing demonstration had tho desired effect ; and tho sight that grcetol their eyes on that occa sion may yet, for all I know, be an unsolved pro blem, discussed at presbytery dinners, and set down by tho sagacious as an optical delusion. No — it ?would bo absolute insanity to try soch tricks in these ?valleys. In fact, when sorely tempted to a plunge into the transparent liquid, when you think that you iave got yourself finely hidden behind a rock or a lush, if yon look round before committing yourself to extremities, you will probably find that you are carefully watched by the gentle eyes of a madchen or two, who have placed themselves iu a position, unobtrusive perhaps, but suitable to their determi nation of watching tho queer and unaccountable motions of the foreigner to their practical conclu sions.' ' Aunt Ann's Ghost Story ' is a well-written ac count which an English lady gives of a romantic adventure in an old Muscovite castle. ' Tommy Butler' approaches the closing scene, tho pre sent chapters leaving tho hero in tho enjoy ment of a dernier interview with Alico Trafford. Cornelius O'Dowd's lucubrations touching men, -women, and other things in general, is quite as pretentious as usual, and accordingly just as disap pointing. JPraser opens with a gloomy, but rather incon sistent, article upon Ireland, that extraordinary conntry not having realised the promise of ' im provement and repose' which her condition seomed to indicate a few years ago. Ho states that the -' discontent, disaffection, and crime, ever latent in tho peace of the nation,' have latterly obtained un due development, and that all the bad ele ments of party and factions have obtained new life since the inauguration of tho O'Conuell monument last year, tho immediate results of which -were tho Belfast riots. Ho admits, however, in spite of his grumbling, that she is now ' in a fair ?way of material improvement ; and even in a moral point of view she is not altogether beyond hope.' ' Agrarian crimes,' he says, ' are raro compared wiili what they were but a few years ago.' He advocates tho removal of the -viceroyalty, and the merging of tho Irish Government in the Home Ofiice, together with the appropriation of the revenues ef the Irish Church, and a division of tho money among tho various religions communities upon an equitable principle. A relief upon this dreary topic is furnished by tho contribution of ' Stephen Bugge,' a story which becomes of more absorbing interest every month. Victor Hugo's Vie da Shahs jveare obtains a general and appreciative review. Henry Ottloy concludes his ' Notes on Diplomacy and Diplomatic History,' with an exposure of the evils inflicted by the system of secret diplomacy upon the affairs of tho Ottoman Empire. Much of ?what Mr Ottley says is obviously true, but in his dislike of tho Bystem, and his zeal for the diplo matic service, ho losos sight of tho necessity which now and then renders secrecy absolutely in dispensable. 'A Campaigner at Homo' concludes iia aeries of papers by a panegyric on some of the Scottish Royalists — Montrose, Dundee, Kilmarnock, &c.; Ho recapitulates the heroic names on whose liehalf he has pleaded for sympathy — Montrose, Iiacordaire, Blake, Cavour, Wilson, tho Napiers, *fcc. — and winds up by affirming that tho special and vital element of union between men whoso careers and characters wero bo widely separated was imagi nation. Ho will be considered somewhat hetero dox, indeed, for his ideas concerning this faculty : — ' The imagination made Napier a great general, and Cavour u great statesman, as it made Buona TOtti a great artist and Milton a great poet. The imagination is the ' great consummate flower ' of tho mind ; and, when the imagination is absent, the intellect — never working with supreme felicity — never atttains to supremo excellence. Religion itself is an exercise of tho imagination ; and a pro saic religion is a contradiction in terms — imply- ing, as it does, a false or radically inadequate con ception of the Divine nature. Iu this sense, it may l-e said, quite truly, that many 'religious' people inow less of the Christian religion than the un. believers whom they denounce ; and that the Record newspaper — to tako an extreme case — has no religion ?whatever.' Not the least agreeable feature of this number is one of those quaint, gossipping papers, ?which wo always expect from tho pun of ' A. K. H. B.,' the ' Country Parson.' He now writes ' Concerning Ten Years, with some amount of things learned in them.' Apropos of money, nnd tho way we thought and felt about it a decade ago, listen to his digression : — ' There are many people who would do almost aufthing for money. I speak of people who maintain u reputable character. There are too many who would get money by any means whatever ; who, to that cad, would cut a throat, would swiudle a poor ?wretch .out of his last shilling, would forgo a will, ?would K-irry an infamous woman. But of theso last I am uot/Jiinkiug now. I think of people who go to church .and the like ; and think themselves ex tremely goojE. and respectable. I have known one or two farmesa, paj'ing a rent of a good many hun dreds nyea--, wiio would tell you a Ho to get a half ? cwvu by it. £/iavo known, too, many persons, in a humbler rank, wikom it would have beea very un safe U- trust with raatold copper. And there are respeeiable households where the pervading atmos phere fceeps ceuselessjy, though silently, saying, * Get mouey ; rightly if you can ; but get money.' You have not come to that, ray reader : but perhaps you may ba willing to confces that ten years' ex perience has mado you stand a good deal in awe of money. You fcsve seen what it can do ; you have seen what the want of it can do. How much evil, what misery and destitution, what sin and ruin, every clergyman in a largo town parish has seen como of tho want of money I Let it bo said that the utter want of it is in most cases the consequence ol sin, a-4 well as tho cause of sin and misery : but, siid to say, tho consequence often falls on thoso who have nothing to do with tho cause. Hero let me 8iy that if you had seen and kuown,.you would wish to see the boasted liberty of the British subject sharply interfered with in two not uncommon cases. When the father of a family of poor little children is a skilled workman, who could maintain them, and maintain himself, in comfort and respectability if bo chose to work steadily : and when he does not choose to work steadily, but earns just enough to keep himself generally drunk, leaving his wife and children to starve by cold and hunger ; I don't hesi tate to say that I wish that man was treated as Vir ginian slaves are ; and made to work under tho lash to earn that which may Bupport thoso ho is bound to maintain. A man who does not know how to use freedom has no right to it. After a certain length of tiino of such accursed heartless ness and cruelty aud selfishness as I have known, lot that man's liberty be forfeited : let him be taken and made to labor as a slave in public charge ; and let what ho earns bo applied to support his wife and children. It would be mercy to himself ; but the truth is I don't care a straw for himself. Charitable people aro placed in a cruel dilemma by such cases. If you support tho poor hungry children, you aro just encouraging their blackguard father to go on in his evil wayB. And on the other hand, you cannot let them perish : you will not willingly let them suffer. My other case, in which a righteous inter ference with personal liberty is demanded, is that of poor creatures who have acquired an invincible habit of drunkenness. After a while, they cannot retrieve themselves and reform. la their aob.r moments, they speak as reasonably as iriortal can of tho insanity which possesses them : they tell you truly that they cannot help it. The sight of a whiskey-shop or a gin-palaco is such an over whelming temptation. As regards drinking, their case is hopeless as was Sir Walter Scott's as re garded writing. When that great man knew it was killing him to write, he could not cease. Yon re member his sad comparison. ' Molly might as well put tho kottlo on tho fire, and say, ' Now, don't boil !' ' Now, such wrotched drunkards as I have mentioned would, whon in their right mind, be thankful to put themselves under some irresistible power ; thankful for somo iron hand that would come in and save them from themselves. Surely the day will come when tho law will como in and save them. Already, the law will not allow a woman to walk on c rope a hundred feet from the ground, and tho like. It will abridge your liberty, by taking care of you against your will, physically. Why not morally ? ' This is a fair average number of Macmillan's. In addition to the two tales, ' The Son of the Soil,' and Henry Kingsley's ' Hillyards and tho Burtons,' both of which aro continued very spiritedly, Lord Hobart contributes an essay upon tho policy of National ' Intervention ;' and Profossor Maurice, in the form of a letter to a colonial clergy man, comments ably upon ' some recent ecclesiastical movements in the diocese of Cape Town and in Englaud.' Mr Maurice is anxious, by the tone of this letter, to show ' how thoroughly be is convinced that tho Bible is now, as it was in past time, the great and effectual testimony on behalf of God's kingdom, and therefore of human freedom. Whatever weakens its power,' ho re marks, ' is, I am satisfied, injurious to both. But I am also satisfied that all injuries will strengthen its power, and that ecclesiasticci courts, under pretenco of exalting it, will do all that in them lies to make it a dead letter, to crush it under their interpretations, to hide it from the people.' The editor also contributes Bome agreeable re miniscences of Edinburgh University, under tho Ben sational title of ' Dead men whom I have known.' Glancing over the contents of Cornhill, wo are attracted by tho name of John Leech ; and turn ning to tho page, wo find a brief but able sketch of him, in whoso death it has been well said that 'nearly every home in England baa lost a friend.' The writer's heart is evidently in his theme, but, in spite of that, he furnishes a discriminative review, aud not a wholesale panegyric of the career of his lost friend. Wo subjoin a touching refe rence to tho last hour of the artist : — 'And ho who had made himself our friend by tho incessant correspondence which ho kept up with us has passed away — destroyed by overwork, and the impossibility of finding rest. Ho had become nervous, sleepless, easily disturbed by noise, and 1 ittorly his nervousness had taken tho form of angina pectoris, or in plain English, breast-pang. Although this is a very dangerous malady, which is said to destroy life by causing spasm of the heart ; and, although it was necessary to warn Mr Leech against all excitement — as walking, quick riding, and over work — it was not supposed that ho was iu im mediate danger; and if ho could only find rest and freedom from anxiety, great hopeB were en tertained of his recovery. Ho was naturally, how ever, of anxious mind, and in his weak slate of health was easily overset. A barrel-organ was to him an instrument of fierce torture ; if a dog barked in the night, he would watch with morbid wakefuliicss to catch again tho tormenting yelp; aud a wheelwright, that at early dawn plied his hammer near him, he had to bargain into silence. At the same time, a generous disposition had led him to undertake responsibilities which wore him down. On the day before his death, he wrote to his kind friend andpublisher, MrEvans, that he had been suffering from 'much annoyance and disturbance.' The end of the sad story has beou told in tho news papers, but ono cannot help dwelling on it, in the knowledge that if Mr Leech could havefound rest aud peace, he might have lived to delight us for many years to come. On that Friday beforo bis death, Dr Quain assured him that his only chance was in rest; and when, a few hours before he fainted away, ho asked Mr Hutchinson's permis sion to work at some drawing — tho last unfinished sketch of the lady and tho dog— it was given only on tho express understanding that it would be an amusement to him. Three hours afterwards, no physician being near him — Dr. Quain being out of town, and his other medical friends having left him to rest — his pain returned to him, and in tho an guish of it ho died. His pain came to him almost whilo ho was in the act of catering for our enter tainment, and ho who has done more than per haps any of his contemporaries, not even except ing Mr Dickens (for no art of words can in this respect keep pace with that of tho pencil), to amuse the present generation, died in agonies which he said were too great to bo endured. The news of his death rang through London with a dismal shock. ' There was a great cry in Egypt, for there was not a bouse where there was not ono dead.' In what homo was not John Leech an inmate ? Personally ho shunned observation ; he was always very quiet and retiring ; and few but friends could recognise his handsome faco and fine tall figure in a crowd— not even when he rode past on Red Mullet, a pony for him at leaBt so diminutive that people declared it was not a pony at all, but Punch's dog Toby doing duty for one. Ho, however, who was so littlo known to sight, was, for a private person, tho best known man in England, and his death waB a death in our homes.' After this, the most noticeable article in tho number is that entitled ' A Convict's Views of Penal Discipline,' being the opinions of ' a man who has had unfortunate experience of life in English prisons and in tho penal settlements of Australia,' upon tho present method of dealing with convicted criminals. Ho distinguishes tho offenders against the law into two great classes — tho ' dangerous class,' or thievos by education and profession ; and tho ' respectable class, who aro not thieves at all, but who hove committed a theft upon somo strong provocation.' Touching tho first, he gave good grounds for believing that reformation is all but an impossibility, tho only chance being through such prisons as that of Pentonvillo. Tho companionship of the convict ship, on tho voyage out to tho penal settlements, is a corrupting process, which permanently depraves the prisoner's nature ; and that of tho chain-gang completes his ' profes sional education.' He advocates moderate punishment for the second class, from whom ho considers ' society has but littlo to apprehend.' Of Western Australia, he gives a very gloomy account, so far as the free ns well as the convict population are concerned ; aud which would lead to tho con clusion that, irrespective of our remonstrances, tho home Government would now have to Btop trans portation thither as a mattor of necessity. By the way, the opening paper of this month is the com mencement of the second book of Armadale ; and tho chapters given are at least equal to the first, iu every respect. ' Who is the Heir ?' is the title of a new story commenced in tho Dublin University Magazine; and of the first chapters we can only say that they are tolerably well written. ' Italy in 18C1,' groups together, veryreadably, tho salient facts which enter into tho present ' situation' of the now kingdom of Italy, and presents somo plausible speculations as to tho effect of the Franco- Italian Convention. Another paper iu this number draws an ingenious parallel between Balzac and Thackeray, not only as to the stylo of their writings, but the circumstances of their lives and literary career. In the articles on the ' The Circassians,' tho writer sketches the history of the gallant race who, after all their heroic struggles, are now at last compelled to yield up their country to swell tho already over grown dominions of the Czar. ' To-morrow wo shall forget them,' ho predicts, ' and for many to morrows ; but beforo the next centary is old, wo shall remember them perhaps with shamo and self reproach.' Ho then speaks of tho character of the gallant but ill-fated Tcherkesses : — ' Frank in speech, faithful to their promises, they are tho very Bonl of honor. That Tcherkess must indeed be poor at whose door tho beggar cries in vain. Their reverenco for old age is remarkable. The greybeard's voice subdues alike tho cry of rage and the tonguo of tho babbler. Temperate and frugal in their habits, their hospitality knows no bounds. A coward they treat with tho most sove reign contempt. If in good health, he is an outcast from society ; if an invalid, ho is compelled to live and herd with their dogs.' What an idea of tho overshadowiug power of Russia we conceive when wo find her trampling the national life out of such races as tho Poles and Cir cassians — cowardly and selfish Europe gazing un moved upon the spectacle. In addition to the three stories which have so long imparted a feverish interest to Temple Bar — ' The Doctor's Wife,' ' Broken to HarnesB,' and 'Paid in Full' — this number contains tho first chapter of a new tale entitled ' David Chantrey,' which premises to bo at least equally sensational. Mr Sala continues his photographs of tho ' Streets of tho World ' by dashing off tho Thurnmarkt of Cologne. Mary Brotherton gracefully continnes some of Savago Landor's Imaginary Conversations. As this is material enough so far to form an excel lent number, we need only add that there is an unusual variety of light, miscellaneous articles. St. James's Magazine has undergone an extra ordinary motamorphosis, inasmuch as, from being tho dreariest of periodicals, it now bids fair to bo ono of tho most sonsational. Here we havo the first chapters af ' Only a Clod,' from tho stimulat ing pen which revealed Lady Audley's Secret — not to speak of ' Working in tho Dark,' by Paul Feval. Then there is Baron Reichenbach's ' Theory of Kissing,' tho very title of which is sensational, and — probably as a counterpoise — the Rev. Mr Davies presents ' Proto ; a Foreglimpse of Heaven.' We fancy the St. James's must have changed its civclo of readers as well as the characteristics which ronderod it a repository of dulness. The Christmas number of London Society is generally tho best published during tho year — (no extravagant praise, to be sure) — and tho proBent iB no exception. 