WALTER SAVAGE LANDOR. (From thc London 1icvku\ üttobcr \\.) liAi.Y-thc grave of Shelley, of Keats, and of Elizabeth Barrett Browning-this week sends us news of thc death, ut sunny and illustrious Florence, of "Walter Savage Landor, another English poet, not so decidedly great as the three ire have mentioned, yet of a rare and exquisite genius. Thc poet of " The Cenci," thc singer of "Endymion" and of thc carly gods, and thc rapt and passion- wasted woman who consumed her fragile life in thc glory and power of her mental creativeness, all died prematurely-the first two especially so. Landor, on thc con- trary, seemed to conserve his vitality in thc warm and caressing Sont li, until he attained an age far beyond the ordinary span of human beings. When he drew his last breath on the 17th of September, he wanted less than five months of ninety. The death of so venerable a member of the Literary lie public, though one has expected to hear ol' it, almost day by day, for some years past, cannot fail, when at length it comes, to communicate a shock even greater than we should experience from the decease of much younger men. When i nonagenarian of distinction dies, he seems to carry away with him a portion of the preceding age, with' which it is always interesting and agreeable to possess a few living links. Year by year, the lingering relics ot' thc old Georgian times are being taken from among us, and soon there will be no one left who can talk from personal recollections of thc days ol' thc first French Revolution. Thc author of thc " Imaginary Conversations " was almost the very last of that great band of literary men-poets and prose miters who cast such à light over the close of the eighteenth und commencement ot' thc nineteenth centuries. We cannot recollect any writer, oven of the latter part of that era, still spared to us, besides Mr. Proctor ; and "Barry Cornwall" was quite a cadet in comparison with such veteran captains and colonels as Wordsworth, Cole- ridge, Southey, and Landor. It was about thc time of the lleign of Tenor, or hut shortly after, that Landor published his first volume of poems ; yet up to a very recent date his fami- liar name appeared every now and then in thc newspapers at the foot of verses and philip- pics on contemporary events. We are accus- tomed to regard Byron, Shelley, and Keats as men of an epoch long gone by, and in [many respects very' different from our own; 'yet the oldest of the three- Byron-was but six or seven years of age when Landor com- menced his public career as an author ; and Keats, if he were living, would still only be sixty- eight. Though some years younger than Rogers, Landor belonged to thc same general period, and when Rogers died, he seemed to succeed to the old banker- poet's honours as the literary representative of the past revolutionary era. In many respects.he was a much more fitting representative than Rogers ; for he was himself revolutionary -a genuine product of the scorching lrrva-flood which, seventy years ago, and ¿ore, rolled over thc mind of Europe, and, like thc actual lava-flood of Etna ind Vesuvius, fertilised and warmed into rich growths of corn and vine 'the fields which it flight at first have seemed to desolate. Rogers, ¡adeed, belonged even to the prc- revolutionary ocriod. He called, when he was a young man, flt Johnson's chambers in Bolt-court, and ran .¡way in terror of the grim old Leviathan when his hand was on the knocker. Johnson died in 1784, at which time the ancient order of things -was still undisturbed ; so that Rogers's tastes and feelings were formed before the great outbreak of Paris. Landor, however, was not horn until 30th January, 1775, and was {hercfore only fourteen years of agc in 1789, the time from which the actual revolution in France may be said to date. Consequently, his mind, at a most impressionable time of life, received a republican and democratic bias from .thc daily progress of events on tho other side of the Channel. All the enthusiastic young men of that time were republicans. Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey, in the warmth. and ardour of their vouth, hymned the crlorious advent of Liberty, and #;oncocted schemes for the regeneration of the world, and became disenchanted as so many do, and, in mere hopelessness or petu- lance, went over to thc side of rampant Tory um. Landor had a deeper faith in the princi- ples which he espo\ised in early life, or a move stubborn pride ol' consistency ; for, to his eter- nal honour be it said, he preserved, even to. the ad, amidst thc frosts and snows ol' age, his youthful passion for the universal freedom oí mankind. Thai c**Ksion, wo cannot but think-, «metimos evinced itself in very injudicious forms. In his hatred of tyrants he vindicated tlc stupid mistake ¡of tyrannicide, and even at oie time publicly offered a reward to anyone ?who would kill a despot. His Liberalism was Toulded too much on the ancient classical t¡pc, which, to say the truth, the world has «t grown, even in those States which stjnd grievously in need of reform of some iiid; but it contained a fine germ ot noble pnciplcs, and it is a grand and an unusua' tpctacle to see a man holding to his lefty con ttjtion of human progress and améliorâtior long niter agc has dimmed his eyes and en- feebled the energies of his soul. It is so corn- isón a thing.for men ns they grow old to lose their faith in the nobler aspirations of youth-it is, indeed, so natural a result of disappointment; and failure, and weariness of heart, and the soreness of long conflict and thc bitter expe- riences of life, to say nothing of thc baser mo- tives which influence many-that wc ordinarily pass over the offence with a certain silent pal- liation, though jt is really one of thc most me- lancholy evidences of human frailty. But the reputation of Landor needs no such excuses. Though coming of an aristocratic stock-for he combined in his veins some of the best blood of Warwickshire and Staffordshire -he was from first to last true to the popular principles he espoused as a boy ; and when, in 1808, he raised a troop of volunteers, and went out to Spain to fight on thc side of the people against the invasion of Napoleon, or when, in subsequent days, he returned to King Ferdinand his commission as colonel, and thc record of thanks of the Supreme Junta, on that monarch setting aside thc con- stitution, he was not more thoroughly imbued with the love of freedom, and with sympathy for the oppressed of all races, than when in very recent years he hailed the uprising of the Italian people, and prophesied the downfall of thc Papal tyranny. His own personal predi- lections were for the ancient republican form of government which shines with such ideal grandeur from thc annals of Greece a7id Home ; and he would probably have been pleased to see the Areopagus sitting again at Athens, and con- suls governing Italy once more from the palaces of the'Eternal City. But he was not bigoted to these classical and scholarly tastes. He was for some years very friendly to the second" French Empire, though he afterwards broke with Louis Napoleon, and rated him bitterly, because he thought he had not fulfilled the Liberal pro- gramme ol' the " Idees," and had treacherously retreated from the war of 1859 ; and we believe he accepted thc monarchical government of Victor Emmanuel as a legitimate expres- sion of the national will. So, also, in his earlier years, with thc rule of King Ferdinand of Spain, which he helped to rescue from the intervention of Napoleon, on thc understanding that he meant to govern constitutionally. Landor, thercfofe, cannot be said to have been a fanatical republican ; but títere can bc no doubt that he had an individual partiality for the elective form of government. We recollect reading some verses of his in a weekly contemporary at the time of the French Revolution of 1848, in which he exhorted thc Provisional Government not to .amend or re- construct monarchy, as in 1830-not To try and prune theTdeailly tree, But wrench thc root of Royalty. f;-, Wc have not seen this poem since the time" in question, but we believe the quotation is exact. Masculine, nervous writing, that, for a man of seventy- three ! Thc same classic tastes which made Landor a republican gave the form and colour of Iiis genius. He composed in Latin where most other men would have chosen their own lan- guage ; and even when he wrote in English L(which he handled with consummate power and I grace), he thought, so to say, in Latin and Greek. His poetry was statuesque in its outline, its proportions, its repose, its pale marmoreal beauty, its freedom from anything startling, passionate, tumultuous, and gorgeous, and its appeal to the inner percejvtions of cultivated minds ; his prose, though full of implied feeling and subtle harmony, had the severity and the jealous restraint of a mind disciplined by familiarity with thc demi-gods of the ancient world. His "Imaginary Conversations" are rich in thought and individuality, and, though far from being "popular reading," will retain a permanent place in English letters. Next to thc glories of Greece and Rome, medioval Italy had the greatest attractions for Landor, and there can bc no doubt that he profoundly apprehended the character of thc Italian people-their faults as well as their virtues. The best years of his life were spent in his exquisite villa near Florence, within sight of those " Etrurian shades " which, " high over-arched, embower" the slopes of Vallombrosa; amidst the splendid memories of thc old commercial republic, and companioned by the ghosts of statesmen, soldiers, poets, painters, architects, and philosophers-the stately procession of four centuries, from Dante to Galileo. Though Landor for awhile abandoned France and Italy, his heart must assuredly have always been < there ; and, after a residence of a few years at Bath - the English city which, above all others, possesses, both in its j buildings and in its surrounding scenery, an Italian character-he returned to I the banks of the Arno, and in the land of his affections has at length concluded his long life. He had a great admiration of the Tuscan dis- position, and used to say that people must go' to Tuscany to know what a true gentleman is. The last few years of his life had the languor and something of the weariness of extreme agc. He is now, however, at rest in that solemn re- pose which is appointed for us all; but his genius will be alive, and working on the minds of others, long after v we, who have no such legacy to bequeath, shall have followed him. 