THE SCOTCH COLLEGE. . ?' ANNUAL SPEECH DAY. St. Goorge's Hall was- tbe soeno, yesterday,, of one of those pleasant anuual gatherings, arranged by the head master of tho Scotch* College, on tho oc casion of bis-distribution ot prizes to the boys of the college who havo most distinguished them selves during the year, in the varions branches of education which form tho curriculum of study. His Excellency tho Governor was, on his entrance, re ceived with hearty and vociferous cheers. The ball was crowded to excess by the parents and friends of tho boys belonging to tho college. On ' the platform were tbo hon. tba Ministar of LaudF, the Mayor of Melbourne, Mr David Moore, the Rev. J. Nisli, the Moderator of tho Presbytery of Melbourne, and several other Presbyterian ministers. The proceedings wero opened by all tho boys sinking tho National Anthem ; after which the Rev. Jamos Nish offered up prayer. The following reci tations were then delivered by tbo young gentlemen named Master A. Taylor, ' Tho Voice of Spring,' (Mrs Heaians). Master Or. Wrnggo, ' Lucy Gray,' (Wordsworth). Master Swan, 'Daniel O'Connell's Iuvective against D'lsrneli ' Master Batton, ' The Fox and the Crow,' (Smith). Master Millard; 'Lord - hatham against Slavery.' Master Hurrison, ' The Slave's Dream,' (Long fellow). Mister Barker, ' Casabianca,' (Mrs Homans). Tho head master then read the following report of tbo year's proceedings : — In my last annual report, I took occasion, from the report of the ltoyal Commissioners on tho public ' schools ot E;g'.a;;d, to comparo tho higher class education of ttiis cjlony with that of the mother \ country, and showed that the course o£ study, the time allowed fur each branch, nnd especially the principle of. clarification followed at the Scotch College dmirg th 3 last &ev;„n years, wero precisely the same a3 those recommcndcd by the Royal Commissioners, except iu ono paitivular, nnmo'y, that eithci mu-ic or drawing should form pait of the regular school work, and that there should be no ixtrafee for any subject that forms part of the rignbir course of study. After duo con sideration of tho evidence adduced by tho commis sioners onlheso points, I have adopted their recommen dations, and this year added music to tbo usual course of study, open to all tbe pupils of the colle ge, without extra iej. For this important branch I have secured the services of Mr Russell, a gentleman long arid favorably known iu the musical world here, who has conducted tlie classes most successfully, devoting him self earnestly to imparting that .thorough elementary training which is the only sure foundation of excellence in this accomplishment. Although I attach great im portance to a comprthensivo and well arranged course of study, I am well aware that real' success in teaching depends as much on the ter.chei as on the system. I have .-therefore, always ;iuado it my earnest en deavor to keep up a good staff of really efficient m inters, and I believe tho college was liever better appointed in this respect than it is at present. For this satisfactory utato of matters l am much indebted to a committee of gentlemen of great educational experience in the mother country, who have from time to time selected for me m.istors of the highest qualifications, who como out to mo under an engagement of three years' , service. Several changes have taken place in the stair during the year. Mr Jlo'iii' rt Morrison,* who was formerly connected with the co'legi;. has ngain j lined us, nnd takes charge of the natural science department. For this work ho has peculiarly ipvilifisd himself by four years' study at tlie Edinburgh University, where lie graduated with honors in natural science, and attained tlio highest honors in chemistry which the university can confer. In order that this subject might receive the tttentiou which its importanro demands. I havo this year im port' d complete sets of scientific apparatus and dia gram', for the purpose of illustrating the varions branches of the subjcct. . In the appendix, at page 27, will be seen the' programme of next year's course of lectures. The vacancy which occurred in tho English and elocutionary department has been filled by the appointment of Mr Uimaud S imson, who was selected from among many candidates for the office by tbe committee of gentlemen already mentioned. Mr Satiison has had great experience as a tencher, having been for upwards of seven years French master in the Foundation School, Leman-street, Aldgate ; teacher of elocution in tha St. John's Wood Colles', ate School, Winchester-road ; and evening lecturer at the Bethnal Grec-u Institution, London. The course of study in this department will bo seen at page 28. The classical department is still under the charge of Mr A. B. Weigall, who came out to us from Oxford in 18^3, and, having completed his engagement, has now entered ou a new term. His report of the work done in his department during the past year will be found at page 25. The mathematical depart ment is atiil conducted by Mr Frizzell, whose brief but satisfactory report will be found at pnge 2G. Mr Reed still conducts the commer cial department successfully; and in French and drawing there Ins been no change, these being still under the superintendence of Mons. D'Aloustel aud Mr Van den lloutfn. The gymuaaium still con tinues to work most sntisfactoiily, under the very able and scientific management of Mr Metzger. Our junior department continues to render moat efficient service, by imparting that thorough elementary train ing which prepares bjys for reaping the full ndvantngo of tho instruction given iu tho classes of the senior departaent. In reviewing the work done duiing tbo year, I feel satisfied that much real progress 1ms been made, and that we are gradually sur mounting vhe difficulties with which we havo hitherto had to contend. In tho higher classes thero is no better test tlmn the University examinations, and here our students are ngiin to be found in the foremost ranks. At tbe November matriculation examination thero wero in nil 50 candidates, of whom only 2!) passed. Tlie six we sent up all pissed— Butler in !) subjects, with credit iu 5 ; Wilson and Wilkio in 8, Curtain ia 7, Pinnock and Colles iu G. For the Inst three years tlio only candidate i who passed, in nino subjects wi-re from the Scotch College, Roche having attained that honor in 1863 ; Taylor in 18G4 ; and I am now happy to add the nauio of Butler for 188'). In that time we have smt up iu all 20 candidates, 18 of whom pns«ed at tho first trial, the two rejecteu ones having failed in only one of the six required subjects. One of them, Batten, passed subsequently, at the February examination, nnd at the end of his first year carried honors in classics. At tho matriculation ex animation in February last, Barker carried the ! exhibition in history, physical geography, KnglUh and French ; and at the end of his first year tho classical exhibition was carried by Harper, an old Scotch Col lege pupil ; while Hood, another old pupil, came in for second-class honors. In all the other classes tho work has been tested by regular quarterly examinations, nnd the contest for prizes lins been keen and wide spread. These have been, as formerly, decided by markings kept during the year, and by writ ten examinations. Tho attendance continues regular and steady, with a slight increase — the average number during tho past year having been in the junior department between 30 and 10, nnd in the Benior 200. Before closing my report, it may not be out of place to advert to inquiries which have reached mo from various quarters, regarding a rumor that I intended resigning the priucipalship of the college. I think it right, for various reasons, to tJso this oppor tunity of publicly stating that for this rumor thero is not tho slightest foundation. Thanking God for the success and encouragement which have hitherto followed our labors, wo earnestly prny for a continuation of His blessing, without which our labor unut bo in vnin ; and while seeking to imbue our young friends with a love and desiro for all wisdom and knowledge, we covet earnestly for them tbe better gift of that wisdom which cometh from above. Alexander Mor rison, Scotch College, 12th December, 18(55. Othor recitations wero then delivered as fol lows : — Master M. Moore, ' Mary's Ghost,' (T. Hood). Master Titrnbull, ' To-Day and To-llorrow.' Master M'Lennan, ' Brougham in Defence of Queen Caroline.' Master Thompson, ' Llewellyn's Dog,' (Spenser). Master llauisuy, ' Extract from Task,' (Uowper). Master Wright, 'The Arab's Farewell to his Steed,' (Mrs Norton). Master Goodhind, ' Bridge of Sighs,' (Hood). Of course, it will bo considered invidious to select, from so much excellence hs was displayed by all the lads, any for particular mention. We may, how over, bo allowed to particularise the names of Masters Goodhind, ltamsny, aud Barker, as having particularly distinguished themselves. The former, iu the very difficult piece he chose for declamation, was particularly happy, both in the inflection and modulation of bis voice aud in his expression and action. Master Ramsay, too, deserves considerable credit for the modest and natural manner in which he delivered his recitation. TLo proceedings wero agreeably varied by some vocal music snng by the boya in excellent time aud taste, under the conducorship of their singing-master, Mr Louis Ku-sell. This portion of tho afternoon's programme hav ing been gone throagh, tho prizes were distributed by his Excellency tho Governor to the various boys. The following is the honor list for the year : — The following : boys passed the matriculation exami nation at the Melbourne University in November : — Number of subjects iu which a boy must pass, G. Butler passed in 9, Wilson do 8, Wilkie do 8, Curtain do 7, Pinnock do 0, Colles do G.- Dux in classics, ♦Butler j dux in mathematics, 'Pinnock ; dux in Eng lish, *She\v. CLASSICS. — LATIN. First Class.— -I. Division : *1 A. F. Morrison and *2 J. 11. Thomson, equal ; 3 Turnbull, -1 White. It. Division: *1 It. Thomson, 2 Horrell, 3 Johuson, -1 Gasq. Second Class. — I. Division: *1 J. Callaghan, 2 F. Haley, 3 A. Oswald, 4 John Diekson. 5 C. Norman, 6 Craig. II. Division : »1 L. Williams, 2 D. Thomson, 3 Weir, 4 Wright. 5 J. Brasher. Third Class. — *1 J. M. Thompson, 2 Howe, 3 Still well, 4 It. A. Smith, 5 Blansliard. Fourth Class. -I. Division: *1 G. Wise, *2 Shiels, 3 R. Jaconib, 4 S. Symons, 5 S, Auiess. II. Division: *1 Millard, 2 1*1. Stillman, 3 Lorimer, 4 Heuderson, 5 Field. Fifth Class. — I. Division : *1 A. Inglis, 2 Wbitelaw, 3 J. Moodio, 4 Stevens, 5 Dowling. If. Division :. »1 Ramsay, *2 J. Inglis, 3 Mathewson, 4 Lister, 5 N. Wisewould, G M. Darchy. Sixth Class: — *1 Davis, 2 Allen, 3 A. Wilson, 4 Barker, 5 G. Clarke. Seventh Class. — *1 Shew, 2 Campbell, 3 G. Wilkie, 4 Hafl'ernan. Eighth Class.- *1 Butler, 2 R. Curtain, 3 D. Wilkie. greek. First Class. — *1 Leonard, 2 Wbitelaw, 3 Bacon, 4 A. Inglis, 5 Stevens, 6 Strichan. Second Class. — 'I Davis, 2 Barker, 3 Allen, 4 A. Wil son, 5 Brady. Third Class. — *1 Shew, 2 D. Campbell, 3 G. Wilkio, 4 Hell'ernan. Fourth Class. — *1 Batler, 2 R. Curtain, 3 D. Wilkie. MATHEMATICS — ARITHMETIC. First Class. — *1 Terry, 2 Flemining, SR. Thomson, 4 Auderson, 5 J. Oswald. Second Class.— *1 ,1ns. Dickson, 2 Lindsay, 3 R. Oiiver, 4 W. Oliver, 5 Dredge. Third Class. — *1 Ilopwood, 2 Kinnear, 3 A. Oswald, 4 Catto, 5 Taylor, G J. Day. Fourth Class: * 1 \Y. Smith,2Pattison, 3 Foreman, 4 Blnnth ird, 5 J Dickson. Fifth Class: * 1 Lorimer, 2 J. Iuglis, 8 Millard, 4 Auiess, 5 Swnu, G Stillwell. . ? Sixth Class : * 1 Whitelaw, 2 Fawkner, 3 Field and 4 H. Stillmnn, equnl ; 5 G. Clarke, G Norton. Seventh Class: »1 Allen, 2 (Vatson, 3 Swanston, 4 M'Lsnnau, 5 Brady; G Andrews and 7 J. Fisher, equal. Eighth Class : * 1 Shew, 2 Pinnock, 3 Butler, 4 Curtain. ALGE11RA. First. Clasi: *1 Lorimer, 2 Finlay, 3 Swan, -1 J Moodio,. 5 «T. Clarke. Second Class : ? 1 Whitelaw, 2 H. Stillman, 3 G. Ciarke, 4 N. Wisewould, 5 Inuos. Third Class: » 1 Allen, «2 Watson, 3 Fisher, 4F. Odell, 5 Andrews, G Swanston. Fourth Class:— *1 Pinnock, 2 Shew, 3 Curtain, 4 Butler. GEOMETRY. ? First Class : ? 1 A. Inglis aud * 2 Lorimer- equal ; 8 J. Clarke, 4 Dowling, 5 Bacon. Second Class: » 1 Watson, 2 M'Lennan, 3 Adams, 4 5 vnnston, 5 G. Clarke, G W. Hr.ley. Third' Class: *1 Allen, » 2 Andrews, 3 F. Odoll,- 4 Mourifz. . Fourth Class': * 1 Campbell, .2 Pinnock. ENGLISH. First Class. — I. Division: *1 Tnrnbail, *2 J. It. Thomson, 3 Carson, 4 Lindsay, 6 Flemining, 6 Ander son. II. Division: * 1 Ilart. 2 J. Cnllashau.S J. Wise, 4 W. K-iOgh, 5 J. Oswald, G Terry. lit. Division : 1 Moore, 2 Jamos, 3 Hid ley, 4 Hill, 5 White. Second Class. — I. Division:^ — *1 F. Haley, 2 Fore man, 3 Morris, 4 A. Oswald, 5 Brasher. II. Division : # 1 C. Norman, 2 Feuton, 3 E. Harrison, 4 E. Wise wnulif, 5 li Ferres. III. Division : * 1 R. Oliver nnd * 2 L. Williams, equal;; 3 Ormerod, 4 Johnson, 5 Rogers. Third Clnss.— I. Division :* 1 S. Symons, 2 W. Taylor, 3 Symonds, 4Do-.vn, 5 Horrell, 6 Stillwell. II. Division : * 1 Wise, 2 Shiels, 3 Parnham, 4 G. Haley, 5 Campbell, G H. Norman. .III. Division : * 1 Linnere, 2 Peregalli, 3 Creswick, 4 W. Oliver, 5 E. Taylor, G Weir. IV. Division :* 1 J. Dickson, 2 A. Taylor, 3 Henles, 4 Richardson. Fourth Class.— I. Division : 1 R. A. Smith, 2 Amess, 3 Fawkner, 4 Bertenshaw, 5 Howe, G J. M. Thompson. II. Division : * 1 Lorimer, 2 Millard, 3 H. Stillman, 4 W. Smith, 5 Swan, 6 T. Stillman. Fifth Class. — I. Division : * 1 Whitelaw, 2 A. Inglis, 3 Stevens, 4 Adams, .5.Leonnrd, G J. Moodie and 7 J. iCIlarke, equal. II.' Division : '* 1* C. Thomson, 2 J. Inglis, 3 Mathewson, -1 Lister, 5 M. Darchy, G Ramsay. Sixth Class : * 1 D. Campbell, 2 Boyd, 3 Barker, i M'Lellan, 5 Mouritz, G G. Wilkie. Seventh Clnss : * 1 Shew. 2 Butler, 3 Pinnock. DIULE. First Class: * 1 R. Turnbull, 0 J. Thomson, 3 Hill, 4 F. G. White, 5 .rnmes, G Mackie. Second Class: * 1 C. Norman, 2 J. Thomson and 3 3 Dredge, equal ; 4 Fenton,. 5 Richardson. Third Class: » 1 Symons, 2 Wise, 3 Linnere, 4 S. Moodie, 5 W. Taylor. Fourth Class: »1 l'attison, 2 Blansliard, 3 R. A. Smith, 4 Knox, 5 Howe, G Field. Fifth Class : *1 A. Inglis, 2 Rimsny, 3 J. Inglis, 4 Stevens, 5 M. Darchy, ti Adams. WHITING. First Class : * 1 Bjcnnelt, 2 J. Wise, 3 Terry, 4 Gasq, 5 Flemminp. G norrell. Secend Class ; F. Haley, 2 Orinerod, 3 J. Day, 4 J. Brasher, 5 Fenton. Third Class : 'L'. Wright, 2 G. Haley, 3 \Y. Taylor, 4 S. Moodie, 5 L. N. Day. Fourth Clnss : * 1 'I'. Jiurtcnsliaw, 2 J. Howe, 3 D. Blanshird, 4 C. M'Ltuigiilin, 5 Gcrrnnd. Fifth Class: *1 O. Wbitelaw, 2 J. Moodio, 3 T. Lis ter. 4 Rainsny, 5 Adams. Sixth Clnss : ♦ 1 Jf'Lenuan, 2 Andrews, 3 A. Wilson, i. J. Brudy, 5 Allen, G Wilson. MODERN' LANGUAGES.— FREKC1I. First Class : » 1 G. Wiso, » 2 Brady, 3 Henderson, 4 Lorimer, 5 Gasq. Second Class : * 1 Allen, 2 M'Lellan, 3 J. Clarke, 4 Whitelaw. Third Class : 1 But'.er, 2 Show, 3 Pinnock, 4 HefTer nan. OEILM1H. * 1 Barker, 2 N. Wilson, 3 Fialier, 4 Kinnear. NATURAL SCIENCE. First Clnss : *1 A. F. Morrison, 2 J. Thompson, 3 Hill, 4 Amess. Socond Class : * 1 L. Williams, 2 C. Richardson, 3 Foremnn, 4 Morris. Third Class : * 1 Wise, * 2 W. Taylor, 3 Symons, 4 Symonds. Fourth Class : * 1 Lorimer, 2 Bertenshaw, 3 J. Smith, 4 R. A. Smith, 5 Renwick, 6 Millnrd. Fifth Class : » 1 Goodhind, 2 Dowfing, 3 Whitelaw, 4 Ramsay, 5 M. Darchy, G A. Iuglis, 7 Adams. Sixth Class : * 1 Watson, ♦ 2 Allen, 3 Boyd, 4 M'Lennan, 5 Andrews, G Mouritz, 7 Davis. GYMNASTICS. First Class: » 1 Moore, 2 R. Oliver, 3 E. Wise would. Second Clnss : * 1 Harrison, 2 Fenton, 3 M. Darchy. Third Clnss : » 1 Watson, » 2 Renwick, 3 MMjaugh lin, 4 Howe. DRAWING— nuMAN FIGURES IN CHALKS. * 1 F. Haley, * 2 Wight. LANDSCAPE. * 1 G. Haley, * 2 Field, 3 Amess, 4 R. Pattison. MUSIC -SINGING. * W. Foreman (2nd clnss), * T. Wright (3rd clnss), » D. Blansliard (4th class), * T. Lister (oih class, * F. Odell (Gth class). SPECIAL PRIZE. * M'Lennan, for decided progress nnd exemplary condu.t. JUNIOR DEPARTMENT. ENGLISH. I. Division : * I C. Davies, 2 Cooke, 3 G. Barlow, 4 Chuck, 5 Batten, G Lu9h. II. Division : * 2 Wrngge, 3 Prevot. 4 A. Taylor, 5 E.Smith. IU. Division : * 1 A. Hijl, 3 F. Straw. IV. Divis.on : 2 J. Carson, 3 B. Cohen. BIBLE. I. Division: * 1 Cooke, ,2 Davies, 3 G. Barlow, 4C. Jncomb, 5 B. Ramsden. II. Division : * 1 A. Taylor, 2 Wragge, 3 H. Barry, 4 Drysdale, 5 Buzzard. III. Division: * 1 F. Straw, 2 J. Finlay, 3 A. Hill. IV. Division :* 1 . J. Carson, 2 B. Cohen, 3 Benjamin, 4 Hadley.-J ? ??? ARITHMETIC. I. Division: * 1 Cooke, 2 G. Barlow, 3 Batten, 4 Davies. It. Division: * 1 A. Taylor, 2 Nissen, 3 Wragge, .4 Lush. III. Division : 2 Hadley, 3 Cohen, 4 J. Carson. WRITING. 2 Chuck, 3 Cooke, 4 G. Barlow, 5 R. Terry. SPECIAL PRIZES. * 1 Prevot, * 2 G. Burlow. Tho prizes, which comprised an elegant and varied collection of the works of tbe beut classic and English masters, wero all elegantly and uni formly lound in full onlf, and oh the outside was printed in gilt tho college seal and stamp, Deo et Literis. Tho Mayor of Melbourno moved a vote of thanks to his Excellency the Governor, for his courtesy in presiding. (Cheers.) Mr CnARLEs Wilson, of the Wimmera, sooonded tbo motion, which was carried by acclamation. His Excellency, ia returning thanks, expressed his gratification at the success of tho exhibition which had been made by tbe scholars that afternoon. He said, though he had listened to varied speeches, and excellent speeches, too, during the afternoon, he had heard none which he conld take for hie model iu returning thanks. In tbe ab sence of a model of that kind, he could assure them that ho required no thanks for tho dnty ho had performed that afternoon, for he considered that it brought with it its own reward and its own pleasure. (Cheers). He had a par ticular desire to convoy to those present — most of whom, he presumed, were the pirents or near relations of the scholars — the gratification he had felt when listening to the recitations which had been delivered by some of tho boys. For, though thoso recitations did not give any test of advance made in tbe higher branobes of knowledge and science, the good elocution which had been shown was proof enough of tho competency and capacity of the boys generally to write, read and understand grammatical compositions. (Hear, hear.) It was a pleasure to him to be the medium through which the boys who had won prizes bad received them ; but ho felt regret that the names of those who had won honors during the year had not been read out. Some of these, he believed, bad fallen short vory little from thoso who had taken tho prizeB. Ho had now a few remarks to make respecting the number of pupils who had passed the matriculation examination at the uni versity, to which bis attention had been called. He believed it was not so generally know*, as it ought to bo that to pass that examination implied a degree ol proficiency greater than that necessary to pass an examination at the universities of the United Kingdom. It was true that one or two of those universities professed to an equally severe and stringent curricnlum; but thoy generally found that they could not get their questions answered, aud so bad either to Bend tho candidato back, or to pass him. They generally did tbe latter. Such b«iug the case, a feeling ex isted in tho colony that the degree of severity which existed at the Melbourno University should be les sened. They were aware that, by charier of her Most Gracious Majosly, it waa doclnred that matriculated students of tbo Melbourne Uni versity shonld, when they had passed their examination, take placo with tho graduates of tho United Kingdom. But he folt that not even her Majesty's command would bo so effectual in spurring students on as tbe know ledge that, when they had passed their examination, they had gained a position whioh they had fairly and honestly won. He hoped, then, that no attempt would be inado to reduce tbo standard of the uni versity here, but that it would bo raised so high that a graduate of tho Melbourno University would hold a high phce amongst men of literary nnd scientific attainments throughout the world. (Cheers.) If this were done it would spoak volumes for tho edu cational system of the colony, aud parents of boys would havo reason t j be proud of thoir suocess. To his young friends he would say that he felt great pleasure at their meritorious conduct. Tho holi days wero como, and they woukl bo ablo to enjoy tbftt recreation which they so well deserved. As they had not nail a Laliu quotation to-day, ho would say to theui that ho hoped thoy would ootne back to their studies with a nuns saiia ill C0)'p6)'i sano. He trusted that the success which had at tended them at school would bo an apt type of that which would wait on the pursuits in which they engaged hereafter. Ha hoped they would spend a merry and a happy Christmas, aud a new year as full of happiness as, under God's providence, they might expect. (Loud cheers.) The boys thou snng ' Rule Britannia.' Tho Rev. J. Nish having pronounced the bene diction, tho meeting boko tip. * Thoso with an asterisk prefixed receive prizes. When there is no asterisk to a first name, the prize lapsed, cither from tho lirstboy having failed to come up to the required standard, or having been cut out by a boy in a junior division of tho same class. Attempt at Suicide. — On Thursday, a China man, engaged as gardener by Mr Rentiers, of the Victoria Hotel, was brought before the Humilton 'bench on tho chargo of attempting to commit suicido by cutting his throat. . - ?ho occurrence took placo in the early part of the -iay, aud tho act seems to have been committed with nn almost total absenco of motive, tbe only-assignable cause being that he had been slightly rspremanded lor not sweeping up tboyard. The attempt wes mado with a dinner kuifo, bnt the wound was not of a serious natuie. Ho was attended by Dr. Wyley, who soon removed ull danger. The magistrates remanded him for a few days. — Hamilton /Sjiectutir., li-ia. 9. 