THE PAI MARIRE MOVEMENT IN NEW ZEALAND. "I have, &c.;, "R. PARRIS, Assistant Native Sec." Among the intercolonial papers, recently to hand, is a report from the Assistant Native Secretary of New Zealand on the origin and history of the Pai Marire movement. These words are the name of the new religion or fanaticism which has sprung up among the New Zealand Natives, and it appears to have commenced at the time of the wreck of the Lord Worsley. The following is the very interesting re- port of the Native Secretary:—Horopapara Te Ua, the originator, is a Taranaki native, and was for years a teacher (kai karakia). On the occasion of the Lord Worsley being wrecked, he tried very hard to induce the tribe not to interfere with the wreck, further than to render assistance, and desired them to allow us free access to the wreck; but having been opposed by the tribe, be was said to have taken their stubborn opposition very much to heart, and went wrong in his mind in consequence. " A few weeks after the wreck of the Lord Worsley, Horopapara Te Ua came from the Taranaki district with another native teacher named Totaia, to Poutoko, Bopato Ngarongo- mate's place, where he sent for me. I went to them, and had a long conversation with them. Totaia was a strong Kingite, and wanted peace on their own terms, which required considerable concessions on the part of Government. Horopapara wanted peace, and would consent to any terms the Government might pro- pose. He said he was a Government man, and did not want a Maori King; and on being crossed by Totaia he became very much excited, and showed un- mistakeable signs of insanity and madness. Nothing would satisfy him but for me to walk a circle with him, which I did to quiet him, and during the whole time we were doing so he was repeating the word's— 'Atua pai marire, Hohou i te rongo pai marire, Tihanga pai marire, mahi pai marire.' At that time nothing had been said of the new religion by that name, and the tribe regarded Horopapara as a mad man, and kept watch over him. A short time after this he used violence towards the wife of Te Meiha (Big Jack) ; and in retaliation Te Meiha punished Te Ua severely by beating him, and tied him hand and foot. From this time the superstitious part of the tradition as regards their Pai Marire commenced. Horopapara states that the Archangel Michael and the Archangel Gabriel, together with an innumerable host of ministering spirits, came ashore from the Lord Worsley, and that whilst he was tied hand and foot, as before mentioned, the angel Gabriel appeared before him the first time, and told him to release himself from his bonds, which with the slightest effort he did. That on Meiha seeing him released, he again seized him and chained him, and put a lock upon the chain. That Te Ua then said ' What is this to me ?' and with the slightest effort again burst asunder the chain, and every link was broken and scattered upon the ground, and Horopa- para set at liberty. The spectators then began to say among themselves—"Can he have done this of his own strength, or is it some supernatural influence?'' and from that time they began to be afraid of him. Te Ua then went to his own place in Upper Taranaki, and on a certain day he was in his own house, and fell asleep, and was in a trance, when a great light descended from Heaven, and a voice called to him— 'To rise and stand on his feet," when he saw a great multitude of every race upon earth. A voice then said to him— "Horopapara, go out of your house, take your son and kill him." Horopapara took his son, and twisted the legs until the bone broke in several places. A voice then cried—"Horopapara, spare your son." The angel Gabriel theno said— "Take your son, and wash him with water." He took his son to a river, called Wairau (in the Upper Taranaki dis- trict), and washed him, and the leg was restored whole as the other. The angel Gabriel then said to him— "Go back to your house, and erect a new niu." Horopapara enquired of the angel what a niu was. The angel replied "A post." Horopapara enquired for what purpose. The angel replied, "Work for you for the acquirement of the languages of all races upon the earth." Horopapara enquired of the angel who was to impart to him the gift of languages. The angel replied, ' The spirit of God, passing with the winds, will teach you.' Horopapara then asked the angel,' What of the winds ?' The angel replied, 'As the winds of Heaven proceed to all quarters of the globe, so from the niu proceeded all the different forms of religion upon earth.' The angel Gabriel then sang the following hymn:— "'Gabriel's song of love to his people standing naked. Motu Hawke. God pai marire, God pai marire, rire, rire. God the Son pai marire, God the Son pai marine, rire, rire. God the Holy Ghost pai marire, God the Holy Ghost pai marire, rire, rire. Glory be to thee, O Jehovah, in this world, And the Throne! and the Throne 1 and the Throne!' This is all I know of the origin of the Pai Marire, which no doubt was set on foot by Horopapara Te Ua. The hymn of the angel is now used in their daily religious service, and the sign of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon any of them is a cold shivering at the time they are performing the circle marching round the ''niu.'' After the cold shivering has passed off, they are inspired with the gift of languages, some of which I have heard attempted. A perfectly un- intelligible jargon to themselves and to others. Some times may be heard a word of Maori intermixed. It is due to Horopapara to state that, from every report which I hear of him, he constantly urges the insur- gents to discontinue aggressive movements, and to sue for peace, but on what conditions I have never heard. The sum of $100,000 is about to be subscribed in Boston, to be presented to Mrs. Lincoln, the widow of the late President. Fatai. WotnrD bt a Gave Cock.—ln the return, of the Registrar-General, for the week ending June 10, is the following statement:—"A. man, aged 34 years, was fatally wounded on the head by the spur of a game cock." 