WEDNESDAY. Tho case was called on at ten o'c'ock. .i Charles Bett being sworn, plated : I waa In fe Cou tor Quarter Sessions when tho prisoner Jackton »aspro»s«nl«l l,i llertrand fo.- sending him n throotonlug letter. I heard DPT .trand cross-xamlnoi hy Jackson, and Leard him -av that ii« had ««nt a lotter to Mrs. Kinder, addressed .' My do.r Buen ?> Ue mentioned that he had onclosed a ring In the letter Mr Dow lng; - tho Ooalrmao. of Qu rter Sessions.' isko,i Bertrand whether lt wa« usual for " a ¿nite man to . send a ring t> a lady »hen w cl ting to ' her He said when ho wanted her vory particularly, h'oncloeed bis ring, that he wanted her to como and nurse him: that ho would take bis medicino . from nobody ebro, and that s' e did como and nu-ao hl-n. He said that ho lind been In ibo habit of londl g Jackson small sums nf m ney, and thatliohadbccu In- troduced to Jackson by Kinder, who had known Jackson lu Kow Zealand. This was, I think,said ia llortrar.d s oi«m na tlon-l -chief, and in cross-examtn .tion. I believe hes ld that theso sums paid to Jackson were to be deducted rrem some amount that K nder owed to Jackson. I remoraber Urs Kinder boll g oxnmlnrd by Jaokson, who asked her whrtber Mr. Kinder was of a jeaous disposition, and wh, thor lie was jealous of Bertrand, She said y. u, that be was Jea jus or everybody, but that there was no grour d for bis Jealousy. Cnorles Edward Itancloud sworn, aald : I am a elura In tho Cl y.Biink, aud om slightly acquainted with tho prl oner Ber- trand. I was at Bertrand s bousojme night, about a month beforo Mr. KInder's death. I went there from the theatre with Beit»nd,about twelve o'clock at night, and remained" there about a quarter or an liou,-. I lort the 1 O'is i with Ber- trand and bis os.litant, the w t ess Byrne, shortly after mid . night. I asked B-rtrand whero be was go'nir, an I he said ' that he was poing out fi bing. I asked bim what ho wassolnte to do with the hatchet wh'ch , he had' w'th Via Tho hatchet .was something Uko that now ah'wn to me, but f could not «««ar positively to lt. When I uakol him «hat ho waa going to do with thc hatchet, beamwerod as well as I cart remember that " soraeb dy had insulted him, and ho was toma- to km ck a hole in ibo boat." b 8 By Mr. Robert« : I havo had some conversation with. Mr Eulo t, tho d itcctlv . officer, with reference to this matter £ told Mr. Elliott in the City Bank what I remcaiberel of tho conversation I had had with Bert and. I hare said out of court that I cou d not remember precisely what Bo tionJ bad sold lo me. I have, however, given tho »ubstance of I la an- swer. When Mr. El lott came to mo I wroto down what I ro tLCmbrrod of the co-vor.atloa on a píceo of paper. Alexander Uollhouaoswo n.suid: I havo kn-,wu the pris- oner foi- about three yeo-s, but for two years of that timo I bod not seen him until about th re J or four wcoks agj. I mot bim thon on boa d tho Manly Bench steamer, when to Invited me to his house, and I went thcro thu f. Monmir even ng. I remained at h s houso for thrse er four hours, and was there Introduced ts bia wife and Mrs. Kerr. Whej I left .the ho .so ha-sold he wanted to tell me somctb'n-i, and walked out with me. Hs then vo'untecred a statement to mc, saying that he had purchased pistola in tho gani or a woman, having shaved off his moustache entirely Bo said ho was sorry for Kinder, but that he was id his -woy, and- that in less . than, twolre months be (Bertrand) would ' o married io irr». Kin'cr, ru lo la. tended to g. t a divorce from hts wife. . lie said ha wa« a powerful mesmerist, that he hed gre t Influence over his wife, and could moke hrrdoanytlrn/ he liked. Ho said that tis wire knew ol aV.ut tho ad lr, and was very fond or bim. and that ha could moko hat: du a >y thing for him. He did uot say anything particular about hs Influence over Mrs. Kinder. I think be sa d that he put tho pistils In Kl nd or's way, but I will nat swear to chat. By Mr. Ito erts : Bartrand and I went lat« a cafe that night. It was about "eleven o'o eek when I went'out of tho houso with Bertrand, and wes with him, I think, for about an hour. I wai not with bim unt 1 two o'clock the next morning. ne volunteered ' tho statement I bavo I joferrod to without my having questioned him at all. Kinder'» affair was not In my mind at all at tho timo. Dcrtraud spoke ot K nder's death. Tho conversation was not begun by my sayiig, " IVLat sort of a woman is Mrs. Kinder? Ishuuld Uko io bo introduced to ber." Bert and said he had some- thing to tell me, and'then he made the statement I ha-c tc peatcd- Ho Said be was a mesmerist-,-but not that he could moko bis wiro do anything by means of bis mcsmerlo rower. I' under-.tood him to say that he had great poner over his ' wife, but rot by means of mcsmerl-m. Bertrat d said - that ~ Kinder hod shot himself*, but I don't think ho said any moro about lt. Ile did i.ot tell mo this In answer to any question from mc. Ho said ho waa sorry for Kindor, ond I think it'wos immediately afterwards that bo. said that Kindor was tn bis way I om not p sttive* os to tbtit. Ho toll mo that In the garb of a win an he him- self had purchased tho pistols. I wll-not swear tint ho men- tioned KInder's natue in connection with thoso pistols, but I beliero ho said be had put them In his way. Ho did not say that "So.long os Kinder was la his way he couda't get married to Mrs. Kinder." Ho sold,in some part of tho conver- sation that " Kinder was In bia way." I am certain of that. I had ono drink with Bertra d that night, I believe. By Mr. Butler: lt was when wo left the house that ha made the statement tome, and wo went afterwards and bad a drink: at one of tho cafes. He told mo bo was present when Kinder shot himself, ond that he had bought the pistols. I wi I not swoar. that he said ho put tho pistols in KInder's way. By Mr. Roberts : I had n glass of brandy and waler In Bei t rand's fcousn, ond Bo trand took something to drink as well. He also drank some liquor after leaving the house. H arri-t Kerr, sworn,said: lama married woman, and tho Bister of the prisoner Bertra d. I arrived herc f om Melbourne) about six weeks ago, and went to live at Bcrtrand'a* houso In Wynyard-sqsaro. Ile spoka to mo about Mrs. Kl-d r, and said that bo wished to get a divorce fara htB prêtent wife and moko Mrs. Kinder his wifo. Ile said ho wai very much In love with HM. Kinder. I said I was very much surprised, after tho -ctlcrs he had written to mo stating; how happily he lived with hi« wife, lhey had been married for three yesrs. I reasoned with bim, and said ho ought to think ol bettor things th >n that. He recurred t > tho subject about five or six days nftcrwa ds, when bo asked mo ir I bsd read in tho papers tho account or the-death or Mr. Kinder. He asked me thia early in the morning before bro.kfast In my room. I was going down sta rs, but ho asked, mo lo stoy with him, and to sit down. I did so, and ho asked me If I had re.d in tho po-ors aa account of Mr, Kinder having shot himself. I said I had. Ila paused for a littlo and then sold, " Mr Kinder did not shoot himself : I shot him.'' I replied, " You must bo mad to Bay Buch a thing as that.'* Ho said " No ; I om not mad. I tell you I did shoot him.' I sold " Oh, bow cruel of you to do io !" and put my banda up to my face. Ho pulled my hands down ngsiu. 1 was crying, and, ho said ", Don t cry. ... Ho sold Kinder was in his way, and that ho would do the samo thing to any man that was lo. bis way.'" Ho warned mo not to tell his wife, that he hod told mo Ibis, and ho said that ho was je«Iou«of Kinder, and that be- loved Mrs. Kl .dor very dearly. Ho said that ho put tho pistol to Kli.dor's bend, and after he shot him put a pistol Into hi« band, and apipo la his mouth, and thal ho threw tho pistol be shot bim with Into the harbour. ? Ho did not say that ho put o card Into KInder's hand beforo ho allot h.m, in order to attract his atteution. I waa told that ho bad donoso, sut uot by Dortrand. Ho Bald to mo, ' You need not bo BO bord upon mo for Klndor hos t led to shoot mo. He bought a gua to co sa » He s-id ho had boord that Kinder had bought tho gun, but ho did not Bay from whom ho boord it. Ho eal«. "It was so well planned that If .it carno beroro tho public they wou d not biUove lt.'' H« «old, " Woplannod lt,'' os ir thoro wer« moro than himself engaged In I ho altair. I had anothor conversation with him.sometime afterwords la tho dining-room.' MrB. Bertrand was present, but she wa* asleep on tho sofa. She used to s eep a great deal, anil I used to think her sleep waa not natural. Ho used to trout his wita most cruolly, and on this occas ou, when he spoko to mo about tho divorce, 1 said to him, how wrong his conduct was. ito baa attempted Mw. Borland's lifo two or turo« times eiacot havo been living In ' tho house, and treated .her ia overy way that waa bad. Ho told mo that ho mun marry this Mrs. Kinder, and sold, ' I don't wmt to kill Jane" (that wa« his wile) «' ir I can't get a divorce. .*«"."} get up an adultery caso, with Bonto rcspcctablu niw« woman, and then Jane can eue mo for a divorce." I osucu mia. why ho did not givo np the thougnts or that woman. Hesaia that bo couldn't give her up, a di sold " Sho roust bo n baa woman to bo cognlBaut or the death or her bu -band ! ana sue would'ot maka you a good wiro.'' Ho s .ld " li's i I ».>" she's a had woman ;" and that ho must marry htr liccauJosiio wea a wicked woman. Ho BU ld he wou d moko a steen* Lucretia of her. Ho then, after« pauso, loaned ovor to mo ania whispered " Kinder did not die by tho Bhot. TYc poisonedlum. waa In the house ho hos spoken about Kinder ; talked of ewing his ghOBt, and thoro being Homo rum put on tho table, lio aeiu that Ita colour suggo, tedMood. Sometimos ho would lay tua* ho loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other« that she kr-Ct» tvery wicked d->ed that was corr milted, and that abo waa » «.«.." Imp.. Hu also said she waa a clever woman. Ber ranu oi tempted te inutdor ? his wife ouo night. "» bad boon out, and came boroo . about «j«» o'clock. Mrs. Bertrand was voty rr 'LK On tba occasion I rorer to. Bortrand mid lils wiro were }»'""*. upou some subj cot, and ehe dared to argue with htm. ?"*."» up lu a very excited stale, saying that hor time bod of -"";."."^ .fio must die. Ho took up a life-preserver, aud çawb{"««i hit to »trike her with it. bho aald, "Henry, doti ' "".".Ji' you promised me, on your,word or honour, that you »T» not kill mo." Ho then raised tho llfe-prraervir lo Interfered, and ponded wi h him for her 1 f*, ou d I» "J desisted and put tho weapon down. I asked bim 1« mother's and, all Dur eako's to d.slst. Ho told »?nn"" look at him, or spoik to him. Ile said " Go put or ino «» i or 111- brain youl" and I- wont out la JetT. ? t embÚng. I thought ho would murder lils wile. ». shut the door ofter lier Ibo roum. I managed to 4 tbelopof the klicbonstalri-I cou'd not walk-anil jca tba servant, who came up, oid to whom I sold,' ""'"'""ji» thore« i omothlug dre diul bapponlr g." Aa 'W^AulI^ilxo ortbodoorwos turnon, anil 1 ont up to tho "rallonang .» st.irs, and sot down on tho first «top above. 1 hoard «»" B (d soy '. Now, Juno, I want you to go lo tho sutgeod. ? »" » f .' v-hatibr?' Uosold '. I wt nt you :o write oni ttl«> P"*,0,,,, parar that you ore tired or »our lift, and that you « u pJst.ocd yourself by your own hand.'. Bn«suld * "'i pour not." Hi sad i'll moko sou.' tht'»M"^W¡Jlrt tho poison down my tluoat, but 1M1 not wrltoanyti iob must mention that . teilraud had rrcvlourly piuim an -soma brandy anil «a ar, which I did Dot drink. It waa tn tho \- room, and-ISortrnnd -sotd-lo-h,swifen-''-Drtnk that up,''-potnt» lng t > tho bra dy and wa or bo hod poural on* for mo., Hbo ? d auk t>, and carno up "tatra to'hedi'meeting moon thc land- ing. She a opt with me the'who'o tlma'I w :s the» except olio night, on which ooo ia on thoro waa a. lady ililtor n tba 'house. Urs: Bonni d sat down In a char,; sho seemed rory .exhausted, and, n my as o dshment, fell asleep 'I hat was about toi 'minutes after shodr&ua;: tbe brandy and water. On 'two eher occasions he.', attcnip ed her life. After ?I bad had ' tho convors tlon , with . Bertrand, Mrs. Bertra d a ked me - what'. 'I .' was looking so pale for. Isaldlhsd been to'd s mo lil g by II ir.ry that I . could sctt'cely blleto Sue said ' What d.d he eaytjyouf" I sa d' 'Mle to d me ho bad »bot Slr, Kindon ; Ii that t us (" She sold " Yes'*' This convrsat'ori occurred just after' 1 hld ' * the first convocation wi h Bertra d relativ« to the;dea h of ' KlndO', Mr». Bertrand sid "You know that Mr.. and Mrs. Kinder an 1 .Henry and I were constantly « isitl g." Sho said tint " Henry had of en threatened to kil' Mr. Kinder.'and th it she had' warne I Mrs. Klndor, that Burt'and. had . threo'one-* to kil bim. and that Mr» -KUdorhad told'hor to tell Kin 4er horeeir 8i»o said ;'No j if It w.s my .hus anl that, waa g lng to - bo slut, .I wou.d tell him iuamlnuto- and i think you hava* a right to tull iiim." Mrs. Bertrand said ' that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and tbat nba was to hsaivorccd from Bortrand In con sequence. Sho said that sha wished for a divorce, as sho was tired of tho Ul treatment she waa receiving. Sho told me that, ontthe morning of Kinders death, Bertrand desired hor to go ovor to tho North Shore, and take tho baby, nnd Sophy, tho nurse-girl. Sho didn't wish to go, because it was raining, and the b%by, would get wot ; but Bortrand sold sho must go ; arid she did go.'. Sba said ibo noticed that when Bert a d carno to tho- houso ho waa more serious than ho had been for somo timo, and' seemed moto, kind to Mr. Kinder. Bortrand was walking. up ? and. down tho room ve ,y fat, with his glovai on, and kcopinr ono hand in his pocket. Shor ly afterwards llcrtrand and Kinder woro talking about business o ff« I'S. They wore speak'ng of Kaw Zealand, . nd Mrs. Kind r and herself were standing at the window look'ng out when sh« hoard thi report of a pistol. She,turned round: saw Mr.'Kinder sit Ingln a chair, and 'ho Îilstol drop from his hand. ' As sho lo ked I'ertrant puta pipo n bis mouth.: Ho took tho p'pa on* tho table. Mrs. Kind'r Tan .out of the room, and Mr. Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, saying that if sho did not cont) into tho room ho would b ow bor brains'out. - Mrs. Kinder came into tho room, and Pertrand took hold of Mrs. Bertrand's arm and mado her foco Mr. Kinder, no pinched her arm so bard that bis lingers nearly met, and sha had the mark fur thrco weeks She said, " Kow lo ik ot him welt. I wish you always to seo litm before you. " After ho was sba', tho sad they made her, Mrs Bertrand, nurso and attend upon him, and whito sho wai .doing all she could t > remedy the mischief her husband bad done, Bertrand and Vrs Kinder wero walking up aud down tho .vorandni with their arms round each others waists. ' She sold, after tho shnt was fired sho saw something against tbe wainscot, and picking it up sho found it - was a bullet, Hat -toaed Bertrand ron to her, and taking; it out of her hand said, "That's just 'what I want-.d."" Ho put tho bullet in 'li'sv istcoat i ocket Sba said she was'attending upon Kin ,-der for two or throe days and ho seemed to get bettor. and that Bortrmd had decidid lhat ho could not .'et KKdcr Ure-that lie roust bo po'sonrd. She said that Mrs. Klndor bad gone t ? !herhusband >nd said,' "Oh, Henry, why were you so cruol! 'why did you shoot yortrsoll I",and that Kinder said, "I dil not shoot myself " Then she said that-Bjrtrand forced her Ätlr<. Bertrand) to mix tho poison and tua' Mrs. Kinder gove to Kinder. That la all that Mrs. Bertrand sa'd to mo that I con remember, except that wbon I said, I must leave the houso. She legged mo not, fr If I did sho said .she .would be murdered. I therefore, romalned. in ?tho house. I "would; have left several times %ut Bertrand would tot allow me lo do so.- I saw marks upon Mrs. Bertrand's back aud shoulders, ss if the flesh hod boon torn out, and sho told ruo that Bertrand'hod caused thoso marka-by thrashing hor with' Mrs. KInder's whip, becauso she hod said she would inform the polico about tho murd-r. Sho also told mo tbot Bertrand had stabbed ho . In the presonce of Mrs. K nder, and she showed me her stays which were covo ed -with blood. Mrs. Bortrand also told me that Bertrand bad desired ber to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and was tn allow ?him to VIII hor. That was after Bellhouse thad ' been at the houso one evonlng. I wished her very much togo toa ninglstiato, and confess what she had confessed to me and told ber Mr'. Kinder would get clear tand she might be bangod. She snld " no : she would novor' bo manged i she would poison herself Oc t." Sha refused to go to a magistrale. Two or three times I wanted to go and tell tho police, but'she would, not How mo. She said that teoplo would think ms road; and I believe that Bertrand told Mr.' De Frelio that I was mad. I often thought that'my brother must bo mad from the way in which hs wont on. Mrs. /Bertrand, told mo that Mrs. Kinder stayed lu tho houso for .some timo beuTjre I carno up from Melbourne ; and that some itlmes Mrs. Kinder used toeleopla the same- bel with Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand. -, Sho said . that : Bortrand forced lier , to - «loop In ' tho bed with sirs. Kindor. She' said also that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder were frequently alone together in the bedroom. At ono timo, when I and Mrs. Kinder were alono together-the only time that I hod oby r onversa'ion w'th her-she Btooped ''own 11 tie some tortiorr of ¡ur dresi, aod.'ooklg upsaid, ' You soo me, Mrs Kerr, under very disadvantagoons circumstances." I suld ."I wonder you doré to look at me or address me tn my brather's hou-io." That was all lhat took place, some ono coming Into tho ro m at the time. Croas-cxamlncd by Mr. Boherts : My brother and I wore not upon friendly torras at a I tim« wh in I was residing with 'him. Bo did not refuse at any time, while I was with him, to assist my husband, or myself la pecuniary matters. I havo never quarrelled with him- about hi i refusing to purchaso articles of wearing apparel for mo. Innrer said to him, "You rcfu e to assist mo: and youspend money on Mrs. K'ndcr." I never told Bertrand before bo'said anything to me about the death of Kinder, that I bod dreamt about lt, and the circum- stances attending it. ,I ant quito certain of that, f remember that a person in Mclbou no was reading tho account or the inquest o-i KInder's body, and oho. said "How silly to'lend him a pistol, ofter be hod threttonod. to shoot himself." Ber- trand did not tell mo that he had lent'bo pistol ; but lt was given In evldenco at tho Inquest that bo bod dono so. I Aave soil that 1 often thought' my bother waa mad .from the way Ia which ho went on. I havo sa d to Mr. De fries s that I thuught my brother must bo mad, or ho could not have act d 'us he did. My brother said .hat ho sh t Kinda-. Iii did not seem to bo very much excited ot the limo he »aid so. I hal not mot my broth or for-ev-n years b:frj I cams up from Melbourn-). My brother dd nut mention Kl der's dying in the fl., st o jnversatlon. dio did nit m ntlon tba word die at all in th t oouvor-atlon. Ho sa'd afterwards that " Kinder did nt die by the abo'." Tn nt was in ano he- c nvorsa ion. At tho limo Bertrand spoke to mo Mr'. Bertrand was asleep on the toft. She us.d to sleep very often, and v.ry 'soundly, sometimes for hoirs. Bortrand told n.o noe ti tell Mrs. Bertrand thut he.. hod told me that hs htd shot Kinder. I tdd Mrs. Bertrand what Bertrand .hod sta rd about my icol'g h-r funeral beforo I left for B iabone. I told Mrs. Bertrand all th it Bertrand hod sold. Bertrand told, me In - ono conversation that ho hod shot Kindor,ondln ano her conersation that I should see hts'wife's funeral beforo I went to Brisbane. Tho second conversation that. I bad with Bertrand was about threo weeks afterwords. I did not tell Vrs. Bortrand about tbe second co .venation on ?the night that it occurred. The conversation took place after midnight, and Mrs.' Bertrand waa always very drowsy at night She was most unaccountably drowsy ot uight, and I could very eoldom hold any conversation with her then. I think that I Cold her next morning. I wished to '{.rotect ber. I was lo -constant dread cf bim, partly for fear of his toking my.Ufo, hut chiefly on acoo'untof .vlrs.'r'ertrand. Of toa when t tried to ?helter ber be would turn upon mo. When I wlshod to gs to Bris- bane heofton refused to allow nie to go.' He said Mr. Kerr did not want me Bertrand professed to be vo-y fond of me. Some- times I thought ho waa bitterly oruel and a bad;man. and at other times I thought ho Was mad. ' In gaping somo irnos ho would roar ll o a tiger; Ha had done sola tho street. Ho professed to bo oblólo mosmorlsn people. On ono occasion I went Into hy -tories becauso he mado hldeoii i grimaces. Ho said bo was'bedevil, and put Ma Angers up like horns to make himself look moro hideous. Ho said hi wou'd «all up KInder's ghost, and knowing what I did, of course,' I «as a noe ted. He told me \--vary tuddonly that ho had shot Kinder. He was, I belt yo, a mon of tcmparoto habits. Ile sa'd ha gavo Klndor a poison that could not bo detoctrd. He sold either that tho poison he had; or that ho bad given Kluder, could no: ho detected. I uudoiatood bim to say " Wo poisoned hint''a» If . others hod boon engaged In tho matter hes'des himself; and subsequently I understood that he said tbat " he" had poisoned him. nodld notsay afterwards " I havo poUton-d him," but that Kinder hud tallou pol,on »hieb could not bo doteeted. I will swoar that ho aid not say t-.at he had poisoned K nr.ee himself. Uo mentioned no names ; nor did be say who had glvon tho pol.on Ho -dd not say whether Mrs. Bertrand knew that lt was poison or not. I'r m what ho said she may hara bren quite Innoco it of any knowl dge BS to what mixturo sho was giving Kinder. Ho did not say that he comp lied her to give tb* mixturo to Klndor. Phare generally a good rrcollcc tl.n, lean remember the conversation that I had wit i Mrs. ..Bertrand, although I was rather excited at th ? tim - it took place. I did not say lo Mrs. Ber rand, *' My brother hos told me th at Klndor did not die by ibo shot, but was poisoned.'' 1 \- did nor, Introduco tho «uhjeoi to Mis. Bertrandtn that way. I did not mon'lou tho . poltoa'ng at all on that occa lon. On a subs'queut occas on I mcntionid to her that ' Bartra d bad pol ted io hor on tho sofa,- and said sho xofxod tho poison, ind s.o stamped - bor . foot, and' said "Ho ls a liar If ho says that I' -.That was tho morningafte-, or two mornings ofttr Bortrand ' had told me that Mrs. Bertrand had given Kinder thc poison. I did not remember that when 1 was giving ëvldenco this vrnornlng. It was previous to this that Mrs. Bortrand told mo that she had mixed the poison, but still whon I told hor that Bertrand had Bald so, sho stamped hor foot, aud said ho was a Uar. I did rot' know what to think of the matter, and I did not Bay anything at all to hor. I am not mixing up any con- versation hold wltli liertraad with convoraotlonB held with ' Mrs. Bot trand. When M TB. Bertrand sold that hor husband was a Uar, I did not Ilka to say anything. 1 was so astonished . that I did not know what to Bay. I novor said, "Well, I'll toll Honry what you soy." I hove correctly ' . Bloted what Mr, Bortrand said, I will not swear tbat Hrs. ' Bortrand did not Bay " Ho's a Har, and I will toll him so.'' Sha said '.'Ho IB a Uar," and that I will swear to. The \- other words might havo boon ttddod,: and havo escaped my . recollection, I will awes- that I did not aay, " Don't, for God'ssako, toll bim, for I promised not to toll you, ' ' Bertrand . asked me not to tell his wlfo what ho had told mo. , I did to ll . her notwithstanding that. airs. Bertrand never told me that she bad -cen a small bottle on tho tab o, and that tlcrtraud had told her to look out of. Ibo window, aol disappeared. Mrs. Bertrand always spo'.o ia very »iud terms or Kinder, and nover said that she was present . st th t poisoning or Kinder Ithe we o poisoned. I bad a conver- sation with Mrs. Bortrand about Kinder being shot. Bho told me, she urned round and saw tho pistol falling from KInder's hand, .ho might have said that she fainted, but I don' , remoml *rhor haring sold so.. Sho could not havo told mo that she fain cd and remilned Insoi Bl le for n long timo, because .' she related tblngs\th«t iccUrred just ofter' the shot. Mrs. Bertrand told me hat Mrs. Kinder had onco slept to the same bed with Bertrand and borsulf. Bu.-mado a complaint tome about it, and said > that . Bertrand forced her to i remain in tho bed. She Said on. another occasion, bot sho would not slop In" the bed, but got a mattress and lay u on the Soor.., Once B «rand told bu wife I to go ard buy t olslon, and oho refused to So so. ' Al rs Ber ' trand told me that A1 this occurred while I was stopp ng lu 'Alba house, and after KInder's death. ' Bertrand aa d to mo dues \- that bo h d a g eat mind tj mulder Urs .Bertrand' and say that I did lt. Mrs iiertrand appi a od to.be In constant dread of her husband. I know th it «rs. liert and has been to tba \- office of tbelnspo' or-Go eral of Polio a and give,i Information \- on this matter. I never saw Mia. Bertrand Interfere with her husband's.business, mdaa for a-1 »no sr ehe ba-no know- ledge of pollona. I always told Mr». Bs trand -be had b Uar 5o anti, tell all lhat had ' eoourrod to a magistrate told her that If abe did not'do ro, th« woman who was most . to biarra-meanlng Mrs. Kinder-would go unpunished, and abe (Mrs. Bertrand) would very lik-ly ba hanged She soi l she aould take poison ra hor thou bo hanged: ond rometlmes > Bho sold .ha- sha couldn t be banged. Shu did nnt say why. . She hos said on soma occasions that sho bod nothing to fear, as sho bad 'ons na wr mr. Sha told me tbat Kinder hal been* \- OTlaonídT- that-s>-e-had-mlxed-the-Tjo!mn7"an^ hadgiren lt to Kinder. Sha neve told m . that abo.knew '''whoaaha was'mlxln t tho po son for what purpose lt was .In- tended I havo had a con vernation 'with Üb 'i'reiío aa lo my bri ber's lunacy,- .,; -T.-, -u -, .i-;-.;;i;', h ¡:i¡-.IT -V. -I Dy Ur, Itobberda i Mrs. Kinder was not prpssntatany.of, tho conversation » I havo related In my ovldenco. ' Mary Agnes Robertson, reoallud,! said : I havo.'known Mrsv Kinder for about olghtcon months, having aeon her over at tho No th Shore, where my .sister ls living I have become ac- quainted with tho Bortr-inds since KInder's doath. I was In troduced'to Bertrand in Wynyard-squaro, a few days before KInder's death. I went'to aoa Mrs. Kinder when she wa< at Bertrand's, after Kl«der'a death, and became more Intimately ' acquainted with the Bcr.randa la consequence., 'J'he Uortr. nds \- o me after that to visit mo. I huro sean a person named Juak ' son, but; 'havo nevor soon -bim : at KInder's house.' About a fortnight after Mr. Kinders doath Bertrand s,>oko of like, intention to got a dlvorco from his wife, and marry Mrs. Klndor. Ile ment oned the subject eoverai'.linea, and Mrs, ' Kliidcr was present oU'onooo-asIon-perhaps on two occasions! I satdi thought lt very wrong, and that I did not soo why he should have a divorce from bia wife. airs. Kindo- did not say anything. She waa, .present when X enid that Mr. Bar rand WJS very wronir. Bertrand told me on ono occasion that he h d abat Mr. Kinder. I remember calling at Hr. BurtranT house to Inquire, if it wero truo that Mr. Kinderbad thots ? himself. I saw Bo frond whs said that Kinder had shot hlmscl'. Ha Bald tint Kinder was, sitting near a pl ano arranglsg somo - flowers when ho shot himself. < Ho Bold he had bought soma pistole for Kinder to fight a duel with Jackson, and that Kt dor hod shot himself with one of those pistols. I said lt'was very silty of-him to give Mr. Kinder tho pistol. Ha said also that ho bad boen over at the North Sboro 11 p-octlce. with Kinder In-firing at bottlus. - Afterwards at my houso ha . w .s talking about tho* divorce, whoa be brought up tho aubject of KInder's death, and soi I he had shot htm. I said I didn't wish to hear ony more of lt, but' ha persisted in saying th it it wai true that bo did shoot Kinder. I have suv.ral times asked - him- to glvo ; .Mrs. ' Rinder np. Ho said bo could not giro hor up and that bo was In ber power. He sa d ho had thrown the pistol with whioh Kind r was sh t into the sea; and that it-was Mrs,-K'ndor's winy that Kinder should he shot;whl o Jaokson was n tho house, BO that Jaoison m'glit bo blamed.for lt. Bertrand,- Mrs. Ber- trand, and Mrs. Kerr w*ro at my house oa a subséquent occasl n, when they remained there all night. Mrs. Kerr retir, d to bed bofore supper, aud Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand rcmnlued to suppor. Wmle we wen at euppor, Bortrand took out his portmonnate, from which bo took a card on whlih tbo word 11 guallght" waa printed and on whioh soma figures were written in pencil. Ued»s red bis wife to l ek woll at this card. Ile said " Jauo, d i you hear 1 I say you are lo take lt in your hand." Sho sold " Dont, Henry dont," turned very pale and comm need to cry. Then ho got up and wished to po home willi tl rs. Bertrand who bad taken tho oard aftor ho lia t told ber to do so several times. . Ho thoo asked mo to tako tho card and look at lu I asked him why I was to look al lt. u o said " becauso It Is the card that Mr. Kindor had In lils hand when ho was ahot.'* Wo then w¿nt luto tho drawing-room, and Bertrand throw himself on thi floor, where ho began to rave about Mrs. Klndor calling her Ellen. Ho bud not u-.-oi drinking that evening that I am awar , of. ire thon called Kilon to como ar.d dress ; and called out " Jane are you asleop.'' 'Ho also called fo- Alfred ' to co and fetch Ellen from Mia. M'Intosh's. Th n he rared about the room, sat down on tho couoh, and called out *' Mix the poison-Ellen -tsay.Elle-i, you are to give lt to him. Don't wring your hands ; be feels nothing now." Idou't romombor lils saying anything more except that hi dld'nt f ¿el well and had a pain in his head. I heard of KInder's being shot, and living somo * days, and thou dying. I bo llevo K'nder dlod' on Friday, and on that day, -1 saw Bertrand and .Mrs. Kinder between two and thréa o'clock In the af ornoon, In a hansom cd>, going towards the Haymarket. I noticed'them aughlng together ns th y wen sri lng along. I was at KInder's house on the day Kinder died. I was going there when I saw Mr. Bortrand und Mrs. Kinder in the hansom cab. While I »ns there Mrs. Kin dar came le. Two fr ends come while'1 waa there-Mrs. Bowden and Mrs. Johnson. M s. Kinder sent word that sho w.s unwell, add af er they wore' gone she ' said, abo only said - so because sho did not want tb see the visitors. ' Bertrand «nd Mrs. Kinder wera at my house the night bofore Jackson was tried at the Quartor Bes ions. Bertrand said then that ho would ito up ou tba f Jil wing morning a d say that ha bad shot Klnd-r. Mis. Kinder, who Ieoko I very i'l. anld he should not say so. S o told me that Bertrand would do what he said, and I asked why ahould ho aoy that bo shot Mr. Kinder. Next morning I saw Bertr nd at Darlinghurst shaking M-s. Kinder's'wrist ia 'he courtyard. ' She said that she .would go to Jackson In the dock, and >ha'. she d d not want to gi with Ber rand, and Bert-and auld he w uld gi and tell that he h d shot Kinder. They wera paling ab jut tho,court for an hour or sn I our and a ba f. I remember Bortrand saying that the pistol that was produced at the inquoat was uot tho one wherew.th Mr. Kli dor was shot, The Court n journed at six o'clock p.m. 