Hlow To ParnV'ENT DtoiVo-REi*ý.lioj0 the senior Jonathan '':iinbell wias Governor of Counectient, a getntlebmanic alled at hiKin hpuse, ,requesting to scoe his e'excellency in private. Accordingly' ho ,as "shown into his; s~pntumn sanetorm ;dand the Governor came forwitud to aeet Squirolm d, s~ying, " Good morniig air aI gin ilmn tosece you." Squireo W'. returned the salutation, adding as he didl so, "I* have called upon ar ?lnplensant errand . sir, and viiut your advice, 1y wife and I do. not liv?, happily togother, and I. am thinking: of getting a:divorce. Whitt do.you, advise, sir ?" TsThe, (,otrCror sat a few momonts in. deep thought, then turning to Squire ,., said ' How did you. treat Mrs W when you were coirling her P. and how did you.fcol to. \vards her at tho timeo of your marriage?" Squire W. roeplied: "I treated her as kindly as I could, for 1 loved her dearly aitt that time." "Well, sir, " said the Governor, "' go homeo. and court her just as you did then, ad love liher as when you married her. D)o this in the fear of God for one year, and then tell min the result." The Governor then said, " Lot us pray." They bowed in prayer'and separ ated. When a year had passed away, Squire W. called again to sco the Governor, and grasping his hand, said : I have called, sir, to thank you for the good 4dvico you gave me, and to tell you that my wifo and I aro as happy as when first we were married. I cannot be grateful enough for your good coun sel." "1 am glad to hear it, Mr. 1V., and hope that you will continuo to court your wife as long as you live." The result was that Squ'ire \W. and his wife lived happily to gether to the end of life. Let those who aro thinking of separation in these days go and do likewise. D)oo (AND CvT.--Cnine affection for the preservation of life will be illustrated by the lillowing remarkable incident.-About 12 o'clock onSaturdaylast some0 mischievous boys. threw over the Maida-lill bridgeo, Kilburn-. road a largo black eat, evidently with the in telotioll of drowning it. The cat, with as many lives as it is traditionally reputed to have, struggled bard for life, and for somno minutes elldeayoured to kepo its head above water; however, when iPuss was about to give up the ghost ai gentloman happened to pass with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed the dog's attentLionu to t dilliculty of poor huss ; the gallant terrier at once dashed in and swani to the rescue, but his friendly efforts were met with, suchl "clawish" emnbruce (menits, that several times lhe was obliged to retirce. At length, after watching his olpor tunity, he seized the cat by the thick end of the tail, and, amidst the cheers of the by standers, brought Puss ashore. A. cas of this kind is probably not on record. A nootio?s milser having heard a very eloquent hairity cermnion, exclaimed, 'Ihis sermon s) strongly pr'oves Ile iecessity of ahnl tlhat I havo almost a mind to turmn beggar.' A IFrench honnot-maker told a c?stomlnr who colm. plalied of the price demanded for a newo bonnet,' SComshler, madaisie, it cosst mo tIhrco sleopless nigiht,, lmerely to lii agilo itl' 