GENERAL NEWS. We have been obligingly furnished by Colonel Biggs with the following letter receired by him from Sydney :— "Yolanteer Brigade Office, Sydney, 15th August, 1865. " Sir—Mr. Longson's letter to me of the 26th instant was yesterday considered by Colonel Richardson and the Com mittee appointed to carry out the ' Adelaide Match,' and I have been requested to write to you in reference thereto as follows: - " Date of Match. "Wemuoh regret that we cannot fire the match earlier than November next, that being the month after our Annual Rifle Association contests which take place in October, because all our ranges are fully oocupied by Company seleo tion firing, and by the selection matches for the inter colonial contest, and we have so many things on hand, that we should not be able to work up the Adelaide team as well, and, therefore, it has been determined to select the men for our match with you after the Association matches in Ootober next from the result'of their firing in those matches, and to shoot the Adelaide match on any day from the 1st to the 20th November inclusive. This arrangement if you con sent to it will save us a series of selection matches which the present crowded state of our range register would prevent, and it will also ensure that you meet the very best shots our colony possesses, and so the ^greater honor to you if victorious. " Number of Men. " Captain Jaques still proposed to the Committee that as this was to be a match between the entire Volunteer Forces of both colonies to give the affair greater eclat, and to make it more popular with the outlying Companies that the match should be contested with forty (40) men a-side. The Committee approved of this suggestion, and I have to ask if you will agree to double the number of men. "Slings " We never use slings here in any of our matches, and it is one of the rules of our Rifle Association that in all matches the slings should be taken off, and the rifle held naked in the hand. We must therefore ask you to observe this rule also. "I can assure you that we entertain a very wholesome dread of you as opponents with the Government weapon, and shall consider it to be a very great honor to this colony if we can beat you, anticipating, as we do, a very close match. ... - "If you agree to the alterations proposed in my letter, please Bend a telegram ;to Colonel Richardson notifying same. "I hare the honor to be, Sir, " Your obedient servant, . "G-. Ward Philmbs, " Hon. Sec. Adelaide Match Committee. 'To Col. Biggs, Com. Yol. Military Force, South Australia." • A meeting of the Committee to consider the above will, we understand, be called for Tuesday next, at 11 o'clock, • The attention of their Worships in the Adelaide Police Court, on Friday, was chiefly occupied in the hearing of a charge of murder against W. P. Auld, one of the Northern Territory Expedition, who, it is alleged, while there, malicionsiy killed an aboriginal native. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Bruce, and Mr. Wearing, the Crown-Solioitor, appeared to prosecute. The evidence of J. L. F., Roberts, which was exceedingly lengthy, was taken, and then the prisoner was remanded for a week. . Mr, Bruce asked for bail, but His Worship refused to give it. We are informed that the Agent- Gteneralship has been offered to the Hon. A. Blyth, but it has not yet been accepted by that gentleman. ; Tha Havilah steamship is advertised for sale in the Melbourne papers. - The list of persons to whom assisted immigration certificates have been issued for Ireland will be found in another column. ; The Secretary attended at the ' Lady Daly Inn, Hindmarsh, on Thursday evening, to receive entries for the forthcoming Brickmakers' Match. The fol lowing is a list of the entries received J. Eckh'old, Thomas Ellard, James Walkey, John Low, A. F. Reeves, H. Sanders, Daniel Davis, T. T. Brown, Wm. Arthur, and Wm. Davis, . By the Coorong we have our files of intercolon papers to the following datesMelbourne, Aug 21; Sydney, August: 17; Brisbane, August 10 Ho bar t Town, August 18; Launoeston, August 19 •' Otago, August 3. ° ' We have been favored by Mr. Arnold A. Light with the following comparative statement of rainfall at Nairne for the month of Julv in the laBt three 4-192 Inches; 1864, 2-320 ■ inches;' 1865, 4 885 inches. The greatest fall in one day in July this year was on the 10th, when 1-130 inches . fell. _ . ; ■ - The annual • meeting of . the South Australian? of the London Missionary Society was held! -at Chalmers Church,- on Thursday- evening. Mr. R; A, Tarlton occupied the chair. " An interesting report and satisfactory balance-sheet were read by. the Rev. J.-Jefferis, and addresses were delivered-by .the Rev' Mr. Sunderland (late missionary, at Samoa) and other gentlemen. . .. _ On Thursday afternoon, a gentleman styled Mons; Verteiii, walked across a wire stretched over the Waterfall. The wire was about a third,;of an inch in thickness. One end of it was affixed to a tree on the eastern bank of the fall just above where the water is precipitated-in the gully below, and1 it was then stretched across to a tree on the opposite bank about 20.or 30 feet from the falls. The wire was quite 100 teet m .length, and was about 20 or 30 feet high. M. Verteiii very deliberately walked across twice, and sat down when partly over. Then standing erect, he steadily balanced himself and returned to terra, firma, amid the plaudits of the spectators.. He seemed per fectly at home upon the wire, although had he missed his footing he must have fallen between 20 or 30 feet either, upon jagged rock or into the stony bed ?of the creek. . ...... :r , Our obituary notice, this morning, contains the name of the Rev. Michael Ryan," who" died on Thursday, of apoplexy, at Kapunda, aged 57. We believe Rather Ryan was one of the first Roman Catholic priests who arrived in this colony, and he has held here the high ecclesiastical positions of Vicar- General and Apostolic Administrator, About six months ago he resigned tlieBe offices, owing to his failing health, and for some time past he has been living in retirement nt Kapunda.- He was a pious man, of modest and unassuming manners, and was greatly beloved by the members of his Church in the province, by whom his loss will be deeply felt. ' The inquest on the fire at the Port, which des troyed the Devon Mills, was held at the White Horse Cellars, on Thursday,' by Dr. Woodforde, J.P;, J Coroner. After a long and patient investigation, particulars of which will be found in another column, the Jury returned an open verdict to the effect that there was no evidence as to the origin of the fire. . 5 . A warrant was issued on Thursday afternoon for the arrest of Mr. W. P. Auld, on a charge of murdering "Dombey," the native at Chambers Bay, in the Northern Territory, on the 8th September last. Mr. Auld was arrested by Police-trooper Potter, and brought to the Police Station at 8 "o'clock in. the evening. He was released on bail by Mr. S. Tomkinson at a quarter-past 10 o'clock. A special meeting of the . Marine Board was held on Thursday, August 25, with a view of considering the question of removing the inner bar; The Presi dent stated the Treasurer had expressed that it was desirable to send to England for a civil engineer to report upon the desirability and the best means of carrying out the work; and further stated that the. Board had in their possession estimates of the cost of carrying out the work from Mr. Abernethy and the Foreman of Works. The Board expressed their opinion that it was desirable to" deepen the inner j I bar, and read a letter sent to' the Treasury in April, ,1862, in whioh the cost for deepening the inner bar to 14 feet at low water was estimated at £27,037, for a breadth of 200 feet from Mutton Cove to Schnapper Point/ The Board decided to request the Treasurer not to send to England for an engineer, and the President promised to gather all the information in his power and lay it before the Board for their con sideration on a future day. _ The farewell benefit for Mr. Frank Howson and hia highly talented daughters, the Misses Emma and Clelia Howson, was taken at the Victoria Theatre.on Thursday evening. As might be expected the house was crowded with a highly respectable audience. The performances commenced with the Irish ballad opera, in two acts, entiled "Kate Kearney," in whioh Miss E. Howson took the part of Kate Kearney, and Miss C. Howson that of Rose Kearney. Miss E. Howson sung the charming song bearing the name of the piece in her best style, and was loudly applauded; but the applause wa3 comparatively feeble to that which followed the duet by the two. young ladies. Although it was rather long, and required a great deal of effort, it was so delightfully sung that the audience could not resist demanding an encore. . Kate Kearney was followed by the second act of Carl Maria vjn Weber's grand opera "Der Freischutz." Mr. F. Howson took the part of Caspar, and went through the inoantation scene in a capitaTmanner. The two Misses Howson sang the first reoitatives in the act with remarkable precision and effect. Miss E. Howson was positively brilliant ' in the grand scena, whioh she sang with the utmost exactness and power, and was greeted with a tremendous burst of applause at the conclusion. Before Miss E. Howson commenced the saena her sister went into the orchestra, ■ and took the piano, and played the wonderful music of the opera till the conclusion of the act. At the fall of the curtain a universal shout for "Howson" arose from * the whole house. Mr. Howson, who was last seen in a shower of fire, the closing of the incantation scene, came forward, and after bowing to the roar of plaudits that greeted him, said he had just come from a warm birth, and indeed the hot region that he had just oome from had nearly taken his breath away; but he had enough left to sincerely thank the audience and the public for the warm patronage whichthey had bestowed uponhimand his daughters during his stay in South Australia. He intended to return in four months—(tremendous and long continued cheers)—and hoped to be able to bring with him some additional and attractive talent, and he only hoped that he might then receive as much patronage as he and his family had enjoyed up to the present time. Mr. Howson retired amidst a great burst of applause. The entertainment con cluded with " Nan, the Good for Nothing," Miss Clelia Howson taking the part of Nan. The correspondent of the Border Watch, writing from Lacepede Bay on the 14th, says" Two horse-stealers were very oleverly captured by Police trooper J ones the other day, and brought into Kingston. Their names are Smith and Brewer. They are from the Victorian side. They had driven away a mob of 10 horses, and were hotly pursued bv the Victorian police, who were on the point of losing them from their horses knocking up. Trooper Jones on getting on their trail' speedily overhauled them, and also recovered three of the horses. They were brought before Mr. J. Cooke, and ordered to be taken before the nearest Resident Magistrate in Vic toria." : * Thursday's Gazette contains the following appoin tments:—Mr. William George Percy Joyner to be Junior Clerk in the Lands Titles Registration De partment ; Mr. Jas. Henry Newtonto be Bailiff of the Local Court at Robe Town, from the 21st inst., vice Burrows, resigned.—Customs Department—Mr. Francis Robert Dashwood to be an Assistant Landing Waiter, vice McNeil, transferred to Longroom j Mr. Frederick Augustus Howell, transferred from Landing Department^ to be Sub-Inspector of Distilleries, vice Thompson. Mr.; Burnett M. Litchfield to be Fourth Clerk, vice M. Neil, resigned; George Beaton to be Junior'Messenger, vice Thomas Stephens, transferred to Marine" D epart ment;" - The Rev. Richard Dale haa been entered- an officiating minister, and authorized to -grantlicences for .marriages...' ; -. A correspondent says—" A meeting of the.B.righton Cottagers' Horticultural and. Floricultural Society ■was-held, on;the 21st ;August, .at the Seaside Hotel, Brighton, when the following members were pre« sent:—Mr.'jW. P. Feathersone (in the chair), Messrs. Hull, Ottaway,* Robinson, Meek, and Thomas, ;and the Secretary, Mr. James Henry Smith; Letters were read in answer to requisitions for judges, &c.; The prize-list was revised and adopted for competition at the show. Mr. Thomas Ottaway was duly elected Treasurer. The meeting "then adjourned until 28th nstant." : ' The first soiree of the Thebarton Mutual Improve merit Society took place on Wednesday evening August 23, at Mr. McOreek's schoolroom, which was tastefully decorated for the purpose. It is to.be re gretted,'however, that a more capacious building is not available for purposes similar to the above in.the township, and it is to be hoped the residents will not long be without their " Hall." To have secured the services of Mr.-and.Miss Shakespeare, whose talent: is so, well known, and-the able co-operation of Messrs. Grayson and Pickering, evid enced good judgment on the part of the Committee. The business of the evening was commenced by the Chairman, Mr. Geo. Dew, giving a short address, in which he stated that. the: Society consisted of 38 members, and the average attendance was 25, which was a cause of thankfulness, seeing what a short time • :—three months—the Society had been started. The large attendance of friends was encouraging. When they recollected that the youth who attended Societies of this kind would become the leaders and legisla tors of our future Parliaments, it was the duty of - all well-meaning persons to foster them. It was well known that, many in the colony had not had the means of providing education for their 'children— perhaps not so hs uch from the wa'nt of money asthe difficulty, iri a thinly-populated district, of finding schools. Institutions, therefore, of this kind had a tendency to remedy in some degree thift defect. He hoped they would have a building large" enough to hold all those willing to help them. as he regretted to say many applications were made for admission which' could' not be granted. (Hear,). The choir then gave in capital style, the " Witches Glee,'- which well merited} the applause which followed. Master W. Newman recited the " Common Lot" admirably, and had evidently given much attention to his subject. Mr. McOreek caused some enjoyment by his " Ghost Story," as also did Mr. Beasley by a reading. Mr. Grayson's song : of the " Charge of the Light Brigade" was appreciated, and resulted in an encore, and " Man the Lifeboat'* followed, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. Recitations and readings by Messrs. Hutchinson, Newman,. Fisher, Ronalds, and Ingham gave all present food for thought as well as laughter, and ifc would be unfair to particularize when all acquitted themselves so' well. A solo by Miss Shakespeare " Mary of Argyle" was so well given that a second appearance became indispensable, and the well- known song of "-Her. bright smile haunts me ...still" waft beautifully snug. The playing of Mr. Shakespeare upon the piano was especially a treat on this occasion. After the duet by Miss Shakespeare, and Mr: Grayson of ".The Gypsy Countess," which met .with hearty applause, various votes of thanks were- given to the ladies, the choir, and the Committee—in pro posing one of which Mr. J. 'Pickering, M.P., stated that he felt honored at reoeivirig an invitation to attend their very successful meeting. He had been a member of a Society many years ago in Coventry, where socialism was muoh discussed, and such waa •the suocess of the young men who were opposed to ^ts principles that they went into many, places and successfully combatted the argument used by its supporters. It was a privilege to be able to convey one's thoughts to another. The members of the Elocution Class had pleased and astonished him. He wished they had a larger building, and that they may prosper in the good work. The National Anthem brought to a close one of the most sucoessful meetings ever held in the township. 