WHAT IS. A OHUROCH. To tde' dito I of t1o Launceston .Examiner. Snu,-When one peruses the false assertions of your correspondent, who signs himself "Tru'th," ;iad the bigoted omissfatemonte of your corrospondent signing himself "Chris tian," noa feol indignant and think it best to treat thlim with silent contempt. But when another, though perhaps of the same creed, comes forward avowing an honest spirit of on quiry, confessing no desire to follow in the wake of snoh bigotry, but writes for the pur. pose of eliciting truth on an important sub ject, you cannot help but feel drawh out to meet such an one, and state wherein your correspondent " Amious Veritnas" has erred in his conclusions on the question at issnoe. The word "church" no doubt is applied to even' so small a congregation as could he as sotnbled in a private house, but before this can have any weight it would bho necessary to show that that congregation was independent of all other congregations. Now the very fact of St. Paul addressing them as their Apostle or sending them messages as from their Apes. ties,' shows us that they were not a separate body but rather represents them as one inter connected whole. Each distant church had a 'certnin amount of independency and the lay element had a distinct function in government. But then by a distant church we are not to' mean distinct congregations; e.g. Ephesus was one haurch, and yet it had many congro' gations, for we road of the churches at Ephesus. It is true that the members of the churches to Jerusalem, Antioch, &o.;, wer? called and addressed as saints, upon their acknowledge moat or profession, their baptism or outward entrance into the visible church, but it is also tree that St. Paul addresses them as "called to be saints," and emphatically does he declare that they are not all Israel which are of Israel, thorefore arises the constant apostolical exhor tation brought before us in the Epistles, " to walk worthy of the vocation wherewith we we are called." Honce in an ecclesiastical sense were they called saints. Certainly the Churches in their aggregate state had no connection with the civil powers extant, nor did they in their executive capa. city seek their aid, and for a very good reason why-simply becanuse there was none to be connected with and none to seek; for it must he remembered that overy single civil power extant so far from being connected with or giving aid to the church, opposed it on every possible occasion, and endeavored to hinder its progress by persecution. Therefore the only inference that can be drawn from such a posi tion is that the civil powers extant would not be, therefore the Church could not be con nected. As for church fellowship terminating all worldly distiinctions, St. Pani would teach us otherwise whero be exhorts the members of the Church not to be slothful in business; and where bo bids every man wherein he is called; so lot him abide. Church fellowship did not alter the position of the slave or the business man: as they were called so were they to ro. main. Of course no one would disputo that Nicodemus, the ruler and the penitent thief, had the same equal rights in the spiritual en joyments of the Christian commonwealth. Without a doubt many offices which the existing circumstances rendered necessary which have not been perpetuated to us simply, because the necessity that gave rise to them has ceased, e.g. the miraculous gift of pro phony, the working of miracles, diversities of, tongues, &c.; But to state that a permanent' order of ministry was not instituted is unsorip.' tural. Deacons were appointed then as they! aro now to assist the pastor. They were or dained man "for the business of serving the tables," and their permanency we see from St. Paul's charges to Timothy wherein he lays down the qualifications necessary for a deanon by iwhich he is to be governed ii lhisi futurs ordinations. These deacons ?e o id,' tho?gh it was not their special vocation, preaohed and baptized-giving a report of their work to the Apostles. We have not a single example in Soripture of" the members of the Apostolio 'hurchen by mutual consent appointing their, own ministers." The election, in the case of Matthias cannot-be adduced,for it hears no re lation to it since ho.was not a minister of a congregation, but an- Apostle of the -Hebrew Christiana-oue appointed in the room of J'das as prophecy had foretold., Besides,-even of this there is not a repetition. That "the Church's ministry arose in no way from Apostolical commission, " it is'hard to see in the face of each clear scriptural' facts as we have in the Acts of theApostles, where it is recordedI that the 'Apostles laid their hands upon Paul and Barnabas, who had been' called: by: the Holy Ghost, and sent them away.; who- go forth- on their.' commission find churches and ordain- them' elders in every church. So far froin there beihg any assumption in appointing successors, we have a direct warrant in' :St. Panl'es-charges !to Timothy and Titus wherein hd gives them di rections for the ordination ofiministers, aend desires them to ordain elders in every city in theomanner he had': appointed as they might be wanted. If this is not the appointment of ministers from. Apostolioacofinmission' and the perpetuity of- a permanent Gentile' ministry, not by any popular election but by laying on of hands, Ido not-know what is. In' reading over the 'accountof St. Paul's most zealous ministry, I cannot see any such teaching:in' his ministry or' preaching as to show that their work or the ivorkkof the min istry consisted in' "simply to indoctrinalto mankind with the truths they had received of their Divine Master." This would 'rather p. pear to be his last trouble. His great anxiety was the building up of those already in the Church in their. most holy faith. In tears he writes to bring them back again. He travails in birth again'till Christ be formed in them. His heart's desire and prayer night and day is their salvation . And in his seminary of his troubles as a minister of God, the onehbesides them' all he says "is that which cometh 'upon modaily-the care of 'all thi O lirclses." As for the contrast between the characters-" the real and the meretricious honors"-that has nothing to say to the question, for the latter is the abuse of .the ministry, which does not aifect the principle, and was greatly deplored even by none other than - the. Apostle St. Paul himself aseoxisting in his day. : So far from "disciplineo being easily carried out," rwe have instances ofgreat difficulty in exereising it. See the trouble; anxiety, pain, and fear that it might be otherwise. St.'Paul went through respecting the disorders in thle Corinthian church, -If all members were on an equality, how is it'that we read'ofbbediende. being commanded to them that had the'rtle' over them. Fear of trespassing upon your space, which I largely have done alrendy, has' forbidden my entering more fully into all your coeres. pondent's remarks, nor' haivo I at all defined the Scriptural nature of a church, which I believo in our days there is far more truth irn the following wise saying of the learned and judicious Hooker, when he sasys "for aIdc of diligently observing the differenceo ;between the Church of God, mystical and 'visible, the oversights are neither few nor'light that have boon committed." Thanking you for the indulgence you have granted in the insertion 'of soo lonig a letter, and trusting that should the' enquiry boe pursued it will be carried e on i, the Same amicable spirit that it has'beeon begn in, I remain, sir, S Your obedient servant, ' A Pnsurrsa' ora T Re CaRncH o ."'op'ENor.rLAD;. 