OTAGO. Vin Melbourne. Dunedin, July 18.-Proposals havo been made lo finish the railway to thc Bluff, on the proceeds o£ deben- tures guaranteed by tho General Government. Accounts from the Lake Gold-fields aro satisfactory. Several largo companies ara about to erect extensive machinery. EniUTux.-Tn tho leading articlo of yostordav tho lint syllable of tho word " unnecessary," was "by a typographical error omitted. The nbsenco of thc two missing letters of courso obscured tho whole sentence, which, corrected, roads thus:-"If Mr. Cowper be- lieves he han established a claim on tho everlasting gratitude of Now South Waloe, by tho five years' labour which terminated in tho settlement of tho Electoral Law of 1858; if Mr. llobertson dooms that nothing moro is needed to entitle him to immortal honour than tho Land Law of 1801 ; and if, with these convictions, tho Colonial Secretary and tho Ministe« for Lands con- sider it unnecessary for them to take any step in ad- vance of the present position, they would do well to retira on thoir laurels, and leave to other hands the guidance of public affairs." AOCI.IKATISA.TIOK SociETY.-Tho usual monthly mooting of tho above society was hold last evening; in tho council room, at tho School of Arts. Mr.'Joseph- son, M.L.A., occupied tho chair. Tho secretary read tho minutes of tho laBt meeting. Ur. Bennett rend an interesting letter from Mr. Laird, at Capo Town, dated 10th Marah, 1865, informing tho socioty that it was his intention to forward a number of birds and animals to tho two societies of Now South Wales and Victoria Mr. Laird mentions a singular fact that tho farmers of South Africa aro commencing to roaliso rovenuo from plucking tho fouthors from ostriohes. Ono plucking is said to realiso no lees a sum than £7. A letter from Mr. Charles Campbell was read, requesting tho loan of a cock pheasant for tho present sanson, having lind the misfortune to loso his own. It was arranged that tho matter should stand over until tho next fortnightly meoting, to see whether tho request could. bo complied with. A letter from llagenda Mulloo, of Calcutta, was read, thanking the society for their intontion to send emus, kangaroos, and black swans, to Calcutta, and re- gretting tho doath of birds sent from India to Sydney. Mr. Mooro road a communication from Lieutonant Colonel "Wilkinson, B.3S., superintendent of tho people's park at Madras, acknowledging tho rocoipt of birds and animals-natives of Australia, and announcing his intention to send another pair o£ secretary birds to Syduey. Dr. Bennett read another lotter from tho secretary of tho Zoological Society, London, thanking tho Acclimatisation Society for there presont of a pair of top-knot pigeons, ono whioh had arrived alivo and well.- Mr. Moore read a communication from Sir W. Hooker, director of the gardens at Kow, intimating that a consignment of cork oak plants was being sent out to the society ; and Mr. Moore suggested, that instead of tho plants being dis- tributed to différant individuals, a plantation should bo formed of tho large cougi^nincnt that would shortly arrive. Tho lottor also stated, thnt Sir "William lind re- ceived a capital stock from Persia, of truo Shiraz tobacco seed, a portion of which would ho sent to tho Aoclitriatisation Society through tho colonial office. It had never boon imported bofore, nnd was obtained through tho British Ambasador, Mr. Mooro said he had rocoivod about an ounco of thc seed, and that ho should bo glad to distributo small quantities of it to members of tho society. Mr. Mooro then read a paper on tho history and uses of tho madder plant, and ex- hibited samples grown in the Botanical Gardens. A samplo of Garanco poudro do Algorio was also shown. This is a preparation of tho madder plant, and was ro- coivod by Mr. Mooro from tho London Exhibition. Dr. Bonnott remarked, that in tho manufacturo of tho garanco, sulphurio acid waa largely used, and that as the latter articlo was now about to bo manufactured in Sydney, tho cultivation of tho madder plant would bo n sourco of great profit. Tho following gontlemon wore elected members of tho society:-J. Mitchell, nnd Charles lloynolda. Esquires. After . somo further formal business, tho mooting Bcparatod, THE CHRISTY'S MINSTRELS.--The progrnmmo of last ovating ftiltractod a very good nudictico to tho Prineo of Wales Opera House, who wero not disap- pointed in tho entertainment providod for them. The new songs, "Viva Australia," a somewhat strange compilation of melodies, was very well sung by Mr. Braham, whose excellent voice would do justice to compositions more worthy of it. Mr. Rainford sang Mr. George Loder's new song, " Oh boyhood's days," exceedingly well, narrowly escaping an encore for a song which does credit to composer and singer, or rather, we suppose, the singer deserves commendation from the composer, as well as the public, for his excellent render- ing of this song. Tho singing of Mr. J. H. Melvyn also drew forth as usual the unmistakable approbation of-tho audience, and tho whole entertainment was most favourably rocoivod throughout. Tho "Ghost" crcntod, ns might bo expected, a sensation. Tu-uighl the most fnvourito gems of tho company will bo oxeouled, tho occasion hoing for tho bonuiil ot Messrs. >fish and Norton. WAU.SIÎND.-Tho Co-oporativo Coal Mining Com- pany aro makin* steady, if not rnpid, progress, nnd contemplate, _ I understand, formally opening their works on Friday nett. It is their.intention, I.be- lieve-, to send inloNowcastlo a few waggons of coko and coal on that day, and to colobrato tho ovent by a lun- cheon to bo provided by tho directors for thc share- holders and their frionds who may bo desirous o£ being present on so auspicious au occasion. Three out of tho six coko ovens lmvobeon completed, from ono of which tho olmrgo was drawn on Friday morning, tho article-' tinn- ing out better oven than was expected. Tho socond ovun has been charged, mid. is -.now. in full operation, while progress is being mndo.in preparing for tho erec- tion of olhori>. Tho boiler for tho pit ongino is.nlrcnily on thu ground, and in tho courso of thrco weeks moro Messrs. ltodgors protnieo to havo tho engine and nil completo, lt is anticipated, nl60, that ten of, tho com- pany's now wnggoua will bo ready for Friday nest, so that upon tho wliolo tho shareholders may nt length congratúlalo themselves nf tor nil their trials nnd tribu- lations of substantial progress bavin; been inndo with ovory proxpact now of linal and completó success.-New- castle Telegraph. . Clr.ANMinR BiooiNtia,-Wo visited Glnnmiro'on Tlnm>dny last, and tiru glad tn. bo milo to report ;a yKiblo improvement in tho amount of-gold-gelling, nnd ia tho prospects ot,tho digger?. Many chumslinvii boen opened in'tho lied of tho creek, in wliu-li iWdig gei'3 aro earning good wmies-say from £2 to £d per' iwuek caiih man.< Tho hill diggings near tho Commer- cial Hotel have .been opened, nnd acvurnl parties havo struck puynblo gold. Unoputy, having buttomod nt a depth of "18 leot^'wrialiiiA out a 'dishful ot .culb rm 'I'liurn.luy lnornini, nnd obtained 1 dwt. 2 gr?, ot the precious metal. This nows, of couivo, very H;on ¡micad amongst tho diggers,, nnd .ninny, oilier thums ¡a.tho n:imo neighbourhood wero immediately marked out, mid tho mon pet to work upon them with n will. Som'.' very good parc's of good have during: tho past wo.': been purchased by tlio'llorelicopers,' and on tuc whola, Jhp dinging aro"iisHuiniiig n much moro promising j apnparaucov -l'rco Prose," j 