NEWS-AND-NOTES.-" BY A SYDNEY MAN. LIV. Saturday, October 28. Very little business has been done in parlia- ment since I wrote Inst, and the impression is general that the great fight, if there is to be a fight, will not come off until next month. Dr. Lang has given notice of a most needful. motion? to introduce a bill for the purpose of establishing Triennial Parliaments. I hope, and so does every one else who has any regard for political freedom, that the Dr. will stick to his point this time, and not suffer himself to be cajoled out of it. Three years is time quite long enough for any legislature to sit continuously in the present shifting state of our political affairs. Dr. Lang's motion on this subject is to come on on the first Tuesday in December. It is a long notice, but all the more reason why the thing should then be done well. I was almost shocked, immediately after the announcement in the papers that Sir George Bowen had returned from the North, at seeing in the Herald's shipping intelligence a report commencing thus:?" The Governor has made a most successful cruise, having returned after an absence of five months, with a full cargo of oil." On reading further, however, I discovered that it was a ship, and the report proceeds thus:?" She has had very heavy S.E. gales, and has lost a boat and a portion of her bulwarks to the eastward of Cato's Bank. The whaler Robert Edwards had called off Brampton Shoal. Captain Martin reports an immense number of humpback whales south of the Fijis seventy miles." I give you the report because Cato's Bank is on your coast. I don't know whether any of you do your discounts there or not; but the place will be remembered by some old residents in connection with the wreck of a vessel on Konn's Roof, when the surgeon managed to keep my hands alive by distilling the salt water into fresh by means of the leaden piping of one of the cisterns saved. from the wreck. Poor fellow! He is since dead ; but he told me when in Brisbane ho came out in charge of an immigrant ship Hint the notice of his services on that occasion in the Courier had made a man of him, for people in England took him by the hand at once on his return and enabled him to pass his examination. So you see how we drift from one thing into another. You are no doubt aware of the death of poor Mr. Deniehy. I know very little of him personally, and indeed was only introduced to him by chance about a year ago, but as a public man, when he was one, no one could help knowing him. A Bathurst paper commences the notice of his death with the following tribute I may as well, by the way, give you the whole extract, for Deniehy was no common man. I never heard the late Mr. Richard Lalor Sheil speak, but friends of mine who have many a time, say that Deniehy was exactly his counterpart, excepting that his voice was not so piercing. The fluency of poor Deniehy was wonderful, and the images with which he adorned his eloquence were truly poetic. However, he is gone, and in a most wretched manner. Here is the report:- " Mr. Daniel Henry Deniehy, one of the most accomplished and gifted men New South Wales has yet produced, has passed from amongst us. Endowed with extraordinary vigor of mind, possessing intellectual faculties vouched to few on this earth, blessed with a memory capable of storing all the riches which scholarly industry could cull from the great dead and living masters, deep in learning, unassuming in man nor, warm-hearted, and affectionate, generous in disposition, a chaste writes, an elegant rhetoric- cian such was Daniel Henry Deniehy of early life, and such, dropping the veil of charity over those weaknesses of his later days, is the memory of him we should desire to be kept green in years to come. The cause of Mr. Deniehy's death and the circumstances attending it will be gleaned from the subjoined inquiry, which was held before the police magistrate, Dr. Palmer, yesterday morning Robert William Waters, being sworn, deposed: I have viewed the body of Mr. Deniehy; between 6 and 6 o'clock on Sunday evening I received information that he had fallen in a fit in Barrack-lane, and had been carried into the house of a man named Chick, a tailor 5 I went there and saw him on a sofa; he was bleeding from the nose and mouth, and had a large bruise and swelling on the right cheek; immediately after I went in he had a fit and screamed out as if for protection, putting out both his hands; Dr. Con roll was there j I had Mr. Deniehy conveyed to the hospital, and on arriving there he no tioned me to come to him, and then asked 'Where did I fail?' Those were the only words I heard him speak ; he seemed to breathe with great difficulty; I had him searched, and found the papers produced con- sisting of one cheque dated ' 10th September, 1865, Joint Stock Bank, Bathurst j Pay John Horne, or bearer, fifteen pounds (signed) E. Hart;' and various letters and memoranda. John Chick deposed : I am a tailor, and reside in Barrack-lane ; on Sunday evening last, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I was walking in front of my door, when I heard a heavy fall; I looked round and saw Mr. Deniehy lying on the ground upon his face ; I turned him over on his back, and found he was bleeding from the mouth and nose; I got his face washed, put a cushion under his head, and sent for Dr. Connell, who arrived in about five minutes ; Mr. Deniehy was not moved until the doctor came after that he was carried into my house; there was no one near him when he fell; and when I saw him he was lying about six paces from the fence.-Dr. Connell, on oath, said I have viewed the body of the deceased; on Sunday morning, about ll o'clock, I was called to go to a board and lodging-house in George-street, to see Mr. Deniehy ; he was lying upon a sofa in the kitchen; he had been vomiting blood, and brought up a large quantity in my presence ; he said it came from the nose, and that he was subject to such attacks ; he said that he had applied styptics and plugged the nostrils, but that the bottle containing the style he had been using was empty. I went and procured a further supply, and applied it to his nostrils myself; I then left him, advising him what to do ; about 4 o'clock the same day I met him walking in George-street; I told him he was doing wrong to come out, for the sun was very hot at the time ; he said he was very restless, and his head felt giddy- that he was subject to flushes of blood to the head, and had been since he was a child ; about an hour after a boy came to my house and said there was a man dying in Barrack- lane; I went immediately and found Mr. Deniehy lying upon his back in the middle of the road ; he was breathing heavily; the right side of his face was swollen, as if from a fall, and blood was oozing from his mouth; I had him removed into the nearest house, and sent for the police; after that he had a fit ; I did everything I considered necessary, and had him removed to the hospital; he was quite insensible, and his breathing was stertorous; I thought he seemed a little better as he was going to the hospital ; the cool air appeared to revive him Dr. Busby, surgeon to the hospital, deposed that he was called to see Mr. Deniehy at the, hospital, at 6 o'clock on Sunday evening, and found that he had a severe contusion over the right cheek; he was sensible, and said he had received the injury from a fall, but did not know how he felt; he was placed in a room by himself, and one of the attendants was directed to remain with him during the night; on visiting the hospital on the following morning, the attendant reported to witness that, between 11 and 12 o'clock on the previous night, the deceased had a slight fit, and that before he could report it to the overseer, Mr. Deniehy died. Loss of blood and fits, brought on by irregular habits, were the causes of death. [In the absence of any relatives or friends of the deceased, the benevolence of a worthy and respected gentleman, residing in Bathurst, provided for the burial of the deceased, with obsequies befitting the station he held in life. After the magisterial inquiry, the body was placed in a coffin and conveyed to Mr. Graves' hotel, whence, at 3 o'clock, it was carried in a hearse to the old Roman Catholic burying-ground, followed by a number of gentlemen, and there interred."] There is an article in this day's Empire, which I take the liberty of extracting. It is the subject of sunstroke, and is certainly well timed. It is understood that the writer, or author, is a medical man of large experience in all such matters, and the remarks he makes may be useful in the north at this time, where I suppose that the sun must be rather warm. Your correspondent got a stroke of it on the side of the head two days ago, and has not yet recovered from the effects. Near where I live a poor young man, a laborer, got the stroke about a fortnight ago, and died raving mad. Dore is the article referred to :- " As the hot weather is now set in, we feel it our duty to warn our fellow- colonists against undue, and in many instances, unnecessary exposure to the sun's bout, whereby fatal seizures of sunstroke, or coup de soleil as it is technically called, may be experienced j for even now, at this early period of the season, one poor woman has already fallen a victim to it, and many are now suffering from exposure to intense heat. There are many appellations given to this fatal disease both by English and French writers, and among them may be enumerated heat apoplexy, more subtle, heat asphyxia, cactus sorts, coup de soleil, and sun fever; and from these different designations we may fairly assume that there are different forms or modes in which the seizures take place, and a difference also in their effects and results. Those varieties are more in morbid association and complication than in essential differences, and depend upon the influences of locally, sonson, elimatta, diet, clothing, and the nature of the employment in which persons may be engaged. " The effects of excessive man-hunt has been long ago described, and we even have the authority of the Scriptures for its antiquity; for it is related of Manasses that as he stood overseeing the workers in the barley harvest, and bound the sheaves in the field, the lieut came upon his head, and he fell and died. Many instances might be quoted to show the disease has been long known, though it; is but of late that so extensive a nomenclature has been appended to it. A close consideration of the sanitary conditions, and the history of the several recorded instances of seizures, show that they are such bound together by one necessary condition of an unnatural sun-heat, more or less directly or intensely applied. " Direct exposure to the sun has been too generally and exclusively assigned as the cause of this form of apoplexy, but the disease is also spoken of as resulting from eating heavy suppers, and excesses in the use of wine and ardent spirits. It occurs during 'Mloep, and under 15 high temperature, in close rooms, when the air is polluted and suffocating, thus poison- ing the blood, and producing a mortal syncope. In the East, and West Indies direct solar exposure is not necessary to an attack of sun-stroke, for men confined in-doors during the hot season are liable to it, especially under intemperance in outing and drinking. It is worthy of remark, also, that the greatest number of the fatal seizures usually occurred about 3 o'clock in the morning, or long before the sun was visible above the horizon. The symptoms first noticed, or complained of are, great headache, vertigo, or giddiness, then bilious vomiting comes on, and the person falls down breathless and insensible, unless immediate assistance is rendered them. The face wells, then becomes livid or black, and the public from being full and quick at first, gradually sinks, and after some hard struggles for breath, life passes away. It is not our intention, however, to go into the pathology of sun-stroke so much as to put people on their guard, now that every day's increasing bent; is making the tendency to seizures more obvious. " Sir Charles Napier used to say, when men were dying daily around him in camp, that' the Bim had no ally in his brain,' meaning thereby that he was most careful as to his mode of living, both in eating and drinking, for there can be no doubt that thomostoxoitingcaiiso to utluoksof this fatal disease is indulgence in alcoholic liquors. The greatest mortality that occurred in any regiment in India from this disease was in H.M. 63rd, when just arrived at Madras from this colony. There were in the crops a great many young men, but there were also many old and intemperate soldiers, broken down by service and their vicious habits and Dr. Milligan describes the cases in hospital, as much img monied every day. The mortality in India, among the European soldiery, is variously given by several eminent military medical men, as from 50 to 80 per cent, on the seizures, and at the over melancholy Bolgo of Cawnpore, the heroic Captain Moore, writing by order of his commander, Sir Hugh Wheeler, says, our loss is principally from the sun and their heavy guns.' " With respect to prevention of sunstroke, the avoidance of spirituous liquors, and the too free use of animal food, must take the load for as the sun is the primary cause, the abuse of alcoholic drinks is one of the chief accessories. The use of the ' piggery,' or head and neck cover, is very efficacious in warding off attacks of this nature, and in this we only follow the instinctive habits of the natives of all hot climates. Fatigue ought to be avoided, for any impairment of physical energy is very prejudicial and it was noticed in a recent hot campaign in India, among the newly arrived corps, principally composed of young men, who had been exposed to much fatigue in marching, that the mortality was the greatest. Mon, young and healthy and temperate in their habits, and on gaged with a good will in active pursuits, will bear with much immunity, fatigue, and exposure; but when they neglect themselves and those sanitary conditions which are so necessary in a hot climate, they are as likely to be affected as those more mature in years. A great many rely upon what is formed seasoning, which is nothing more than the gradual accommodation of the constitution, through the operation of physiological changes, to unnatural and extraordinary ranges of temperature. This we find invariably occurs when certain sanitary regulations obtain a careful consideration, during the first few years of residence in a hot climate. This is what is meant by the term acclamation, and the ill effects of sun heat are beyond all question, in a considerable degree, due to" depraved habits of life, and the neglect of proper sanitary regulations, such as attention to diet, cleanliness, Bobrioty, pure air and drainage, and, above all things, undue exposure to the pun." The experiment of our Government, in send- ing prisoners under sentence to work out their punishment at Port Macquarie, does not appear to have been very successful, The thieves have broken out, and have got clear away, so far as we know at present. The following is from the Herald in? a way "We learn from Captain Chatfield, of the Boomerang, that on passing Port Macquarie, on Thursday, he was boarded by the pilot stationed there, who stated that seven long sentenced prisoners had that morning escaped from the gaol, two of whom were in irons. It was rumored that one of them had been shot, but this statement has not been authenticated. j The breach made by the gaol wall, and through which they had made their exit, pflydd be plainly seen from the steamer, which was a mile and a half from the shore; at that distance it appeared to be about three feet wide. One of the prisoners is named Kean or King. A correspondent informs us that the runaways, were seen about g o'clock by Mr Butler, passing his residence and making for the bush. Every effort is being made to recapture them. Two of the warders are meanwhile sUspended. An inquiry is to be held this afternoon by the police magistrate." There is a very amusing thing in the papers with reference to the bar at the entrance of the Harbor of Hokitika. It is given, however, in good faith, and so I give it to you. Now, just fancy a crew of men waiting with their speeds and propellers, and all the rest of it, for the purpose of hoisting off every 'ship that goes ashore at Hokitika bar less" Whatever may be said about the dangers of the bar, the extreme risk incurred by vessels in crossing it, in attempting which so many come to grief, we may, as a set off, take credit to ourselves for the expeditious manner with which we transport them afterwards across the spit into the river. Quite a new profession has been born here, and through constant practice, is rapidly been perfected, and if it only continue to advance in the same pro- posion which it has done lately, the work of conveying vessels from where the sea first cast them into a place of safety, will be a matter relating only to the expenditure of a certain amount of time and money. In a seaport town there is always a number of ' old salts' adrift ashore; bud in Hokitika especially only too many of that class, thrown out of employment through their vessels having been wrecked here, are knocking about only too ready to turn their hands to anything in the shape of honest labor; and the professional acumen conspicuous in seamen naturally prompts them to turn their attention to those vessels which, getting into difficulties,. need a help- ing hand to get them out again ; and the intelligence and energy displayed by these men is creditable in the highest degree to them. No sooner does a vessel came ashore now than tenders are at once in for her removal, and the work proceeds with a rapidity which, under the circumstances, is something astonishing. In go the long-handled shovels, and out goes the sand. Quickly the screws are placed under, and She is raised and shocked; the ways to carry her follow as a natural sequence; and very soon the schooner, brig, or cutter, as the case may be, is soon moving slowly along the motive power being supplied by powerful winches heavily weighted, to keep them in their place? further secured by anchors. The river being at last reached, also is once more sent afloat; and the sturdy fellows who have so triumphantly proved the power of mind over matter, in all probability once more turn their faces seawards, watching for Um mix fe distressing wreck' that will give them fresh employment. Such scenes as these are of frequent occurrence in Hokitika, the best of the sort being the transportation or the schooner Dolphin in the above Rimmel. This vessel was at first supposed to be a complete wreck, but. she is now, we are happy to say, so close to the river side that a day or two more of steady work is all that is required to float her." Concerning the weill her and the drought I give you the following most melancholy croak ings. The worst of it is that I am afraid they are true The Bathurst Free Press says :?" The continued absence of the long-prayed for blessing of rain falls within the past few days completely disheartened the farmers, and taken away the last vestige of hope remaining as to the safety of their crops. The oats are now thoroughly lost, and the wheat is rapidly displaying more con- spicuously its sore and yellow tinge, and giving up the ghost like all the other fruits of the soil, so different from the appearance under which we have been in the habit of viewing them at this season of the year, decking and beautifying the Holds, the gardens, and the meadows, and cheering the heart of man and beast, and all things living, but which are now all rapidly succumbing to. the same inexorable fate of premature decay and ruin. The picture is truly ft dismal one. A great number of our farmers have, during the week, lured their cattle into their Holds to cut down the grain, preferring by this means to save their boats, and truSt to the truant rains that may But in hereafter for a second time))." The effects of the dry weather (says the Goulburn Argus) are becoming daily more Badly apparent. Accounts from the various districts vie with each other as to the amount of damage already sustained, and fearful loss is certain to accrue from a continuance of drought. From the Levels we learn that the cattle are dying fast, while those who are so weak for want of water that they cannot even be 'yarded.' The Hat country about Jugiong is all burned up' from the effects of combined heat and frost. Here, as elsewhere, many agriculturists, despair- ing of obtaining moisture in time to save the growing crop, have thrown open the paddocks to the cattle. The bush grass now fools as crispy to the trend is ordinarily it does at Christmas The Mudgee newspaper of Tuesday states that the drought in Unit quarter still continues with, if possible increased severity. The heat during the last few days has been very severe, and the oloudkwg skins that appear from day to day leave no present hope whatever of any change. Food in all directions is completely burnt up, and as a result loan meat of all kinds is the order of the day. The supply of water, although not calling, at the same time is becoming very brackish. The crops at a distance retain (their ordinary verdure, but upon passing through them they present a very wretched appearance about the roots, It is extremely questionable whether any change in the won water will now have the wheat crop. As for vegetables of all kinds of the present season's growth, they are not to be had. The fruit season appears likely to be much below the average Shearing is being rapidly proceeded with in the neighborhood. Beyond considerable difficulty being experienced in donning the wool, we have not heard many complaints as to the amount of the clip." 'She Pastoral Times says:?" Very few places can boast of anything to speak of in the way of food j but, perhaps, the worst off are the settlers on the Murrumbidgee.' The frontage is absolutely bare, and excepting on those stations where buck improvements have been effected, the stations must be abandoned if anything like fully stocked. Around Deniliquin there is little grass to be seen ; but at Cobram, Mr. Caldwell's, we hear they are well off for food. It is pleasant I to hear that some one is likely to reap the bone- I felt of high prices. Those blessed with reservoirs and wells, or miles of road beds, are indeed fortunate, and may expect to make a golden harvest out of the losses of others." The same paper says ;?" The terrible dry weather experienced here has effectually prevented first-rate crops being raised, still there are many farms where the barley and oats show a fair average. On Mr. Gannon's bit of free selection, on the Murray and, the oats are looking nicely, and with the assistance of a day's rain, would be a capital crop. Bad as the sea- son has been, however, farmers will have no cause for complaint, for what they lose in quantity they will more than balance by juporno." The Goulburn Argus, of Wednesday, says:? " The migration of emus, turkeys, &c;, to the settled districts still continues. Some time ago the Burrowa mailman pursued and captured one of the former, and on Monday (woning succeeded in shooting, from the buggy, a fine specimen of the turkey, The birds are now be lamp that they scarcely endeavor to escape when pursued, and the unfrequented portions of the bush fire in some directions alive with them." And here is the Yass Courier:?" No rain yet I Tho oat crops being quite ruined, the wheat crops are. RIOTS beginning to follow suit? patches or' yellow appearing in the paddocks, which dead patches get larger and larger. If j rain don't come within a week, some of %» Come I bash farmers whose wheat is pretty high, intend mowing it for buy. Those gloomy prospects are greatly adopting the price of Home, that of Burrangong having advanced £7 per ton during the, last six days." Here is-another':?"Tho drought still continues, and appears (p, Become confirmed as the season advances. Almost hitherto flitting clouds, gusty winds, and occasional spots' of not have induced us to guess' that we should not long be without rain. These signs, have, however, ceased to deceive us ; lynd we are left to 1 ]j0po against hope' under a dally other' blue sky, a hazy horizon, and a summer boat. On the southern and northern sides of the town the young crops are going off fast. To the west and the south-east of ur they look something better; but at all points farmers are depressed and Jiopo]es»,w And another from the Pastoral Times : " Last Sunday we were again favored with another hot wind and dust storm, throwing the previous visitations entirely in the shade, and rather astonishing the oldest inhabitant' by its' fury and. length of continuance. The thermometer stood at 124 degrees in the shade, of COUrse, as the gun was quite obscured with the dust; _ mines which, the weather has been very cool, if not quite cold, with promises of rain, The country up the river is looking very bad, every day showing the effects of the long drought more plainly. The Murray still continues to rise, and is filling up the billabongs fast. The Darling is still falling. The Warrego and Providence arrived in the early part of the week with the usual general cargo. The former is away to Blanch Town, and the settler has gone up the Darling for wool-. The Maranoa brought down, from; near Para, the wet wool the result of the snagging of the barge as I mentioned last week to out scouring establishment bore, where it is to undergo the necessary manipulation to fit it for market, discharging which she returned for more loading, and I trust will successfully make her appearance in a few days, avoiding the dangers of the way." Only one more:?" 13,000 wethers, belonging to Hugh Glass, passed this on the 14th. They are in the charge of Mr. Ellworthy, and have been travelling for eight months, having been purchased somewhere in New England?. They are certainly - in extraordinary condition, considering the country they have travelled over. Mr. Elworthy deserves every credit, for they must have been brought down in a most careful manner. 2000 fat sheep, from Mr. Staughton's station, on the Darling, passed up to Balranald on the 14th. They are for the Melbourne market. 11,000 store wethers, Glass, passed to-day they are for Echuca. 1800 fat wethers. W' Walker, Esq., Mailman, will cross the Euston point to-morrow, on their way to the Melbourne market. I understand that it is the intention of the inspector of sheep to proceed against the gentleman in charge of Mr. Glass' sheep, for not having them properly branded. The case will be brought on at Euston or Balranald The whole of Mr. Glass' sheep would have crossed at Euston punt, but the price asked for crossing per thousand, £2 10s., was more than the party in have felt disposed to give The weather still continues dry; no appearance of rain, and hot winds blowing." So you see we are in for it, and shall have to make a run down to the Gulf of Carpentaria for a drink of fresh water, there being any quantity of the article There within a long dis-' time from land, according to Mr. Windsor Ilario (who, by the way, you will have observed, has died the other day another celebrity gone ) the Heraldaa.ye:~"Tho A.S.N. Co.'s steam- ship 1 arra 1 area, which was chartered a short time since, for the conveyance of cattle from Wide Bay to Melbourne, called at Sydney on the 26th instant, for a supply of coals. Sheila en route for Melbourne, and has on board 180 head of bullocks. She crossed Wide Bay bar at 10 a.m. on the 24th instant, having been de- detained behind the bar for three days, in consequence of the heavy sea which was on." Mr. tiny is to resign the Speakership of the Assembly on Tuesday, and has given formal notification of his intention. It is now said that Mr. Arnold will be brought forward as his successor. If so, there will certainly be no opposition. 