SELECTED POETRY. A FAEEWELL TO THE DAVENPORTS They tell me 'tis decided— you depart ! 'Tis wise, 'tie well, and not at all a pain ; We had enough of your expensive art, We were the victims, and won't be again ! Farewell, my Ferguson ; and if for ever. Why, then, so much the better— fare thee well! Grooa-by, Arcadian pair of brothers— never Shall we forget the ' structure' and the bell? ±-acK up your Household ghosts, no longer stay ; Palmer, good-by ; and thou, sweet Fay— away I True, yon brought in the newest tiling in ghosts, Tbe latest phantom fashions from the West ; Home is not worth a rap; and Foster's boasts, Compared with yours, are shabby second beat. All very fine, O Ferguson ! no doubt, But one grows tired of squeezing goblin paws ; The spectral nigger melody's played out. And even the rope, X think, no longer draws Dear friends —you know that you were ratber dear— There is a world elsewhere— then stay not here ! Even at half-price your goblins charged too high ; Giles Scroggins never made a rap by his ; Dead Cseaar met his foe at Philippi, Nor asked a sixpence when he Bhowed his phiz. Banquo's red spectre made a splendid show ; And Hamlet's dismal father, though a bore, And Mrs. Veal, as told of by Defoe, ' And sweet Miss Daily, famed in song of yore All these were phantoms of the rarest merits. But, unlike yours, they came as nntaxed spirits - Hands without bodies may be strange to see (Elands without hearts, Othello says, are common) ; But for the female arm, whose symmetry, Ferguson says, has all that's best in woman. To me, though in the front (at seven and six) It looked so sinewy, that on my life I think that spectre in a woful fix Who has so stout a spirit for his wife — Some stalwart sorceress, some strong she-dragon, Queen of the Amazons, or else 51oU Flagon. Then the dark stance is a costly thing: (Ferguson calls it sionce, but no matter). For while we Bit, and while the banjoes spring, The instruments Beem hired to serve the hatter : Each bangs our head-pieces with such a stroke As that which wrought poorSQuixote's first disaster, Oh! brothers Davenport!— forgive the joke — Why, wondrous Gemini, assail a Castor? You surely must believe us double ninnies To risk our hats and forfeit our half-guineas. Come back no more till you can utilise The ' unknown force' you sell so very high ; Perhaps some day yon yet may win a prize For well-trained ghosts with warrant not to Shy ; Nay, and the period may perchance be near When smart New England boasts some new machine. Worked all by forces from the phantom sphere : Shirts sewn by armless fingers shall be seen, And engines fifty-ghost power shall be sold. And goblin ploughs turn np tbe toughest mould. Farewell ! Good fortune follow, though you leave Our cherisue5 childhood's ghost not worth a button ; May you find idiots easy to derive ; May you pursue your trade unvexed by Sutton ; May no tormenting Tolmaque dog your track. No scoffer, and no Scoffern, spoil your meetings. So Oxford gownsmen hart your ' structure' back. No 'Flaneur's' laugh profane your spirit greetings. Ira and William, Ferguson and bell. Palmer, Fay, structure, banjo- all larewell! 