MINING BY MACHINERY. [FEOM DICKEB'S MIKIHG BEOOBD ] •foe Victorian miner is a remarkable bang. most We holds advanced liberal views in wililics, politics, or, at least, did^until the rise »nd spread nread o< f ll » e P ri,1<!Ction heresy, while, iu his 5rn oroper business—that of mitring—he nJm proper . -mains either a rank tory or at best a strong ITservativa He works upon B stereotyped model, and looks upon innovation of any kind. ™tjj mingled won.ler and suspicion. Being better tauglit, as a rule, tlian Lis British coupler the Victorian mimr does not go in fur midline- breaking, nor iu fact, any Rebecca business whatsoever. Retding and experience have tau?hi him the value of the iron boree too well to permit of anything but kindness and • attention being shown to any representative of the most valuable of modern inventions. But he remains in a condition of almost Egy, tian darkuess on the subject of extended areas, and consequent economical working, and looks with the utmost complacency upon the edifying spectacle of two horses ploddinsr their dull roODds in whims not half a stone's throw apart; indeed, the more whims and horses there are within the field of vision the better he thinks it is for trade and everybody directly and indirectly conuected with the mining in'erest. Pe calculates the amount of oats the animals eit, the value of the timber which goes to make the n Jiinis, and the haulage thereof the wages ofthi'se who drive and looknfUr the horses, and all the incidentals of wear and tear. Having gone through his summing, be arrives at the satisfactory conclusion that a great deal of money is being circulated every week, and that therefore, things generally are in a highly prosperous condition. It should be superfluous to add that every additional horse in the, say, half-mile of ground our self-complacent miorr his taken within the range of his observation, means another mouth to feed, and less means to do it with, and that eich whim extra, represents so much work power wasted. As wi'.li bis areas so with his mining. The m«st obvious precautions for safety are persistently neglected, and the miner can only be brought tj a s use of duty by au inquest. But this is a subject to which we have drawn attention lately and although pregnant with matter for further observation—nut the one immediately nnder notice. In last week's, and the previous, issue, we republished from the London Mining Journal a description of the .Various stone and coal catting machines, patented and in use in England. To many re*d"rs the constantly recurring mass of technical terms with which tbe narrative is interspersed would render its |ieras;il distasteful. Others, on tbe contrary, possessing special knowledge, will probably find these linguistic curiosities highly interest ing. To tlicm we commend the article itself for re-perusal, and in the meantime shall endeavor, for the benefit of the uninitiated, to point out in plain language the benefit that would accrue to the mining interest by the adoption of stone-cutting machinery. We believe that one or two gentlemen interested in dividends have at last arrived at the conclusion that their piofits would be greater, and their losses smaller, were machine substituted for hand labor, iu what Cornishmen term " kirving," and Geordies " hewing." But as yet no practic tl eff-ct has been given to their judgment, and the time-honored practice of pick aud drill work goes on uninterrupted. It wight to be humiliating to the self-couceit of the numerous directors of mining companies, who are keen enonsh men of business to detect the slightest extravagance in expendditure, to have been acquainted with the fact that fur more that two years tbe Great Tunnel which is to wed Italy to Western Europe has been excavated by machinery, ami at an amazing rate of progress. A discription ofthe machine in nse a Mont Cenis was given in this Juurnal in April last, which is so clear and devoid of-bard words that ve- make no v\«>logy of reprinting a portion of it. " M. Sommelier's perforator consists -of a piston rorking horixontally in a cylinder, and carrying a chisel fixed upon it like a bayonet, which, at each stroke, dafhes with violence against the rock to be pierced. Kacli time the chisel recoils it turns ronud ife the hole, and as the latter is sunk deeper and deeper the frame or shield, which ran ies not one but nine perforators, advances in proportion. Whea the cfainl is doing its work with extraordinary rapidity a copper tube of small diameter keeps squirting water int*» the hele, by which meaus all the rubbish is washed out. Behind the tliii/ld there is a tender, which, by the aid of a pump set in motion by compressed air. feeds all these tubes with water. Tbe noise caused by the simultaneous striking of all these chisels against the rock is absolutely deafening, enhanced as it is by the echo of the tunnel. All at once, tbe-noise ceases, tl.e shield recedes behind it, and the Buriace of tl>e rock iB pe>ceived riddled with 8') boles, varying in depth between 60 and 90 centimetres. 1 liese boles are now charged with cartridges, slow matches burning at tbe rate of 60 centimetres a minute are inserted, and the workmen retire it. last«. The explosion seems to shake the mouu-. tain to it« roots When all is over, the ground is found covered with fragments of the rock, and an advance equal to the depth of tbe holes has been obtained. On the Bardonechi side ibis year, theaverage advance per month has been 50 metres on the Mundane side it has "uotexceeded 36 metres per month, owing to the great hardness-of the rock on that side. There still remains a length of about 8250 metres to be got through. When com - pleted the tunnel will have required the pietcing or 1.2i) >,600 holes, £30.001) kilogrammes of gunpowder 1,500.00J metres of slow match; the number of bayonets rendered unserviceable will amountto 2,55",000." It will be seen 1-y the above extract that a tu luel which may be estimated to be fully 19 feet wide by 14 feet in height, is excavated at thei rate tf 6 feet ] er diem. Our mine drives in Victoria ran, , we will say, 7 feet by 4 feet, and this is giving a high average. By a little simule arithmetic we come to the conclusion that more than 9 - times the cubic contents of Stone aie taken out in the Mont Cenis Tunnel than there are in , even ordinary drives or levels in aO'lonialgolH mine. The figuns given above, therefore, hringus to the conclusion that frotn' 40 to SO'feet-nwe again take a low estimate—could lie driven id one day by the adoption of machine cutting. The ordinary price of self-driving in Victoria is£l per foot. It needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell, us on wliichside economy lies, hand or machine liObor. But there is more to be said in fkyor of machine catting. Granite, as will have been observed by tlJOse who reid the article from the Muiing Journal is cut by one of - the thousauil-and-one machines patented, at the rate of 29 inchfes in 14 minutes. Soft stone can be gone through at a much more rapid •rate1and c withcan8iderably less wear and tear. And; comparatively Boft stone is the rule,-not -the" exception, in our tnrning oderations. At any rate .there; is no granite to be pierced/Whether we are in search ol alluvul or qaarz gold, "and gramto bang the most difficult and costly Stone' towork, it stands to reason the granite' pifereing machine Woola achieve better results in Australian .gold than it has beenih ;the habitof doing while cutting focks in^ J ^ ^pld , cphntry. Another of the machines described by Mr Johii u said to cat from 10 to l5 yards in (he jhour. *-". : fnese facts should-be sufficient _to .set out \- w^ 8: wporations Vot^nly gflunlang ;trat \- - And there Is «negreatrecnmmendata6n Wocesnj the number/of laborers. {It im - a ginpd Ay-th e old - toty. element "Oat' ground would be too jrapidly worked out, werawe- to employ «tone^cuttingiinachines. lo ttus, we simply reply that>he gold mint* —more fgpedally the quartzmin^s n«f /Victoria «e practically inexhaustible. and that eveiy- "ung which tends to economise lahor tends to increase the mineral wealth ©f the colony. ff additional weight were required to make the case in favor of cutting by macbineiy perfect, we may add that ventilation and a low temperature are secured by almost all the patented processes described in former numbers. By Blow degrees, we presume, the "idea" will be adopted. May the few remarks made upon ttus topic hasten such a desirable coneumation. 