THE PRO-MINISTRY DEMONSTRA TION. (From the Herald). If J ack Cade can get leave of absence from pur gatory, or is gone to limbo, or is in any other quiet place, where he can get into rapport and hold com munication' with his friends and imitators in the Ministry, he and they must have had a jovialsewice on Monday night. Parson Ball must have shivered and chuckled with delight, and all the ghosts of the greasy fishwives that ever howled and screamed in trie Jfalle des Blis must have waked up ' the Saws-cidottes, with the furies of the sections, to join the dauce and to swell the chorus at the last ex hibition of their humble followers in the M'Cul loch Ministry. But, in truth, the proceedings of the Government, and of the wretched simpletons who are gulling themselves into the ridiculous per suasion that they are advocating the cause of liberty, are too melancholy and too disgusting, and, at the same time, too dangerous to the public welfare to be treated with levity. No one can, however, get rid of the horribly ludicrous associations sometimes connected with the spasmodic grimaces of a dying malefactor ; aud if all these ghastly aud grotesque exhibitions, whether in the Assembly or the Eastern market, are the involuntarily obsence symptoms and unconscious groans aud cries; of an. expiring Ministry, we must be excused if we also are sym pathetically convulsed aud agitated by the scene. . We do not laugh at the Ministry. That would be inhuman, when they are all standing in a row, with their nightcaps ready, under the fatal drop, . but our smile is merely sardonic, like that of the victims themselves under torture. It is quite clear, however, that the Ministry are in extremis. . The shameless coalition is. dropping to. pieces. ' The organised hypocrisy is melting into thin air. ; The headless arid ' brainless monstrosity is going the way of all abortions'; and what Ave have to see to rioAV is, that the nuisance, Avith all its rotten ele ments, isgot rid of AA'ithout loss of time. " - The last display of " sympathy Avith the Govern ment," Avhich means the last effort made by the Ministers to pull the wires of democracy, . and to hound on, not the people hut that loose rabble of loafers that hangs on to the skirts of the people, against law and order and the established institu tions of the country, Avas made on Monday evening, in the Eastern market. Our readers knoAV the view Ave took of the conduct of the City Council, in re fusing the use of the market- place for a public meet ing. Such meetings, though often abused by vain glorious prating impostors, and self-seeking canting demagogues, to their own purposes, are the life and soul of free communities, Avithout Avhich they tend, in spite of Parliaments and the Press, to degenerate into sleepy, droning oligarchies. As it is, it would have been better for the Council to have given its consent, than for " the friends of the Ministry"— no doubt calculating on the legal dexterity of their " friend " the Minister of Justice, to get them out of the scrape, if anyone should tender to him a bill of indictment or any ex officio information— to havo broken : the law so ostentatiously, to ha\Te defied and bearded the authorities so deliberately in their own purloins, and to have incurred the risk of siich confusion and 'bloodshed as might ha\re arisen, had the police interfered, asthey might have done, to stop the proceedings. . Pursued by Indians.— -The Kariass correspondent of the NeAv York Times gives an account of the re treat of an expedition sent a few weeks ago against the Indians, bnt suddenly encountered by superior numbers " As soon as our party about faced to .return, Ave had a lively and most exciting exhibi tion of .their peculiar tactics. Yelling; they circled nearly arouud us, at a distance from 50 to 200 yards, each Avarrior riding at the top of his pony's speed, circling to the left, always firing, and falling back to reload. The circle immediately near to us had about 200 warriors in it, and about 300 more rein forced them as need might be ; Avhile, from the Avest, hundreds of others, mounted or on foot, could be seen either hastening to the fight or looking on as spectators. Our force consisted of about 60 men. We occupied the outer, falling back slowly, the rear or front platoon, as the need might be, facing about, on right or left, and by Avell- directed volleys checking the yelling devils' furious ride and attack. Many of them must haA'e been killed and wounded, as we could see them fall, being put on ponies again'; and carried to the rear. The scene Avas exciting beyond description. The Avriter has seen battles and skirmishes innumerable, participating iii some bush-Avackers and regular forces ;' : but of all' Hie, wild aud furious scenes in Avarfare he has witnessed;" that of this Indian fight Avas the ;riiosfc. furious1 rind- exciting. The, '\yild iincouth 'figures, the. fierce' yells,- the rapid firing, and still more rapid' riding, Avith the superb horsemanship displayed by these ' red Cossacks, made a rushing panoramic picture AA-hich memory will not soon lose. These Cheyqjmes are no mean Avarriors. : They are not to be despised —certainly riot by a force as small as the one en gaged on our side.' We retreated iu good order for two or three miles, Avhen the report AATas circulated that ammunition AA'as growing scarce. The order to countermarch becanje in danger of being a rout. By the strenuous exerbious of the officers, the men Avere restrained till the main command appeared in sight on the' south side of the stream. Our difficulty Avas to get across. The banks Avere narrow and abrupt. ; The, Indians kueAV our object, and strenuously : endeavored to prevent it. At every ravine they : sought to cut us off, and when we made a stand | they: set fire to the prairie, so as to smoke us out. One of the Indians' made himself conspicuous by his I dashing. courage and daring horsemanship.. Many 1 of the men made especial attempts to shoot him, but \ seemingly he bore a charmed life. Ifc made no clif- 1 ference, to all appearance, what part of the horse I he rode on. The fabled Centaur could riot have | been so completely . identified Avith his linimal as these Indians are with theirs. , In riding the circle, J all their body visible Avas one aim and leg, wffiere j they hung on the off side. Under the neck, belly, ! betvveen the legs, it seemed to make no difference Avhence they fired. I know that the balls or arrows ! caino most" unpleasantly close. Riding without I saddle or ' bridle, lariat loose arid trailing on the j ground, guiding the ponies by voice and limb, if one Avas dismounted all he had to do was to grasp the trailing lariat, and he AA'as remounted quicker than it takes to tell the mode." Question for Astronomers. — Is the dog-star a sky terrier, or merely a tarrier in the sky ? 