HOBART TOWN AND THE SOUTHI. LAMENTABLE ACCIDENT. - On Wednesday evening a little girl named Eliza Boucher was taken into the Hospital suffering severely from the effects of burning. It apppears that the child, who lives in the upper end of Harrington-street, was, together with her brother and sister playing marbles on the floor of the house. A candle was placed on the floor and by some accident the girls clothes caught fire. She ran out into the air screaming and a man named Jones threw his coat round her and put out the fire. She was then wrapped in a blanket and taken to the Hospital. The father was out at the time and the mother has been dead some time. We regret to learn that no hopes are entertained of her recovery. .Advertiser. [Yesterday's Mercury states that the poor child expired on Thursday.] LADY Doe's PcnronnrAecns.-On W\Vednetey evening a rnumerlois raldienc. patronized the per fortnanees at tile Theatre Royal, when an attrac* tive bill was presented, conunncncilg wih Mrs. "Planahe'o sparkling commindiett called the Haulsomne liniband.whict atllided so mnuch arisa faction oni Fridlnay lust. "Mrs. \Vyndbam".,wna represented by Lady Don, who sang tho.Giand Flonle of r Joys nil Surrounding" 'The 'hliost scenes from tire Castle Spectre were next given when the ghost made a roaoppearatere, under lees sn0c0ssful auspices than on r the previous evening, The burlesque of Prince Florizel was repeated very successfully, Lady Doa as the "Prince," 'upported by the entire conapan?. At the coln cluslon of the commedlietta and the burlesque. Lady Don obeyed determined calls by the dei lighted auditory, ani her ladlyship appeared before hie curtain and received entthuslastio tokens of opt plause. The farewell performance o thills highly popular comtpaty will be given to morrow even laog nder the patronage of Ilsa Excellency the Governor AT Trte CIMINAr, SrITTINs or 1rTr SUPRI.eN Coanr on WVednesday latlheew Keough was coo Victed of feloniously stabbing constable Hirehall or the Glamorgatl police, and was stentenced to imprisoniment for lifeo.-S-amtl Parsons, and George Young were acquitted on a charge of hay lng burglariously entered the dwelling house of one Job Stanton, at Sorell, and stolen therefromn 40 flal.-Jemres Wleslall was found guilty of As aanlting one Thomas Lewis, and bhilng his face. Thomas Lewis'deposed :1 nm in tihe employ of M1r Nichols at Green Ponds. I was at the race course Green Pons on tie 12llth April last. 1 was at Mrs Chelterton'a booeth There were two men quarrelling, I tried to keep thnm quiet, when Wastall caught hold of moe andrblt my tac. lie. was'drunk, I was sober, having only had" a pint of beer. I hd notitlerfered with Westall;and! never ihad any words with him at oil. aIl H bit, s. plcce sight out of my cheek and lip lslogi the bones hare. Prisoner's statement taken at the Polico Court was.now read and was an admission of the offence, but stating that he was so drunk Ia he tdil not know what he was labout. Ho now repented the same statement. The Judge passed As the lenient sentence of three months' imprison; tri meet, as prisoner had hitherto hornse a good asi character, and he belioved there was no malevolent intent at the time, prisoner being under the influ ence of drinok.-James Bmne was. sentenced to to two months' imprisnonment for assaulting his wife rer oane Home. - Richaid Flshwick, Alexander an WYoodr, George Forster, snd Johli Smith were charged wth ;having on 0th May, horglariously cEntered the dwelirng.house of Mr. Wm. Cowley, cn at Hobart Towni. The first three prisoners were soI forndt guilty andl'sereneed to 15 years imprison, do ment. Smith was acqulited, bhut was immediately in re- arrested on another charge whilst leaving the Court.-Rosanna Brittain was sentenced to four years' Imprisonment for stealing a couple of tame fir gerse the properly of. James Miller.-,William p, Flack, thargead with committing perjury on the hearinz of a case Fla'k v. Tully at the Hobart Pi Town Court of lRequests, wat acquitted.-James th Afarshall and 1Iary J.fjs were placed at the bar in on a charge of larceny, unt were discharged by Ir proclamatirn, as thn.Attorney.General intimated that he had not surficient evidenee aniatieitihe in -Nehemiah i~?tchell, conviectl ed o 1f a r?fivated na riminnal ausatult on a little girl, was sen b tenced to he imorisoned for 10 years. f -JaTmes IM'Donald, convicted of stealing h a coat the property of lMr. E. Allen, a elo'hier, was setrenrced to 4 years' imprisonment. e0 \- llilliram Ilumlphries, a little boy, was convicted d, of havin o'n thr o 13 h April (with another boy ,ai named Henry Mlollry), stolen certain moneys atiove the sqm of £5, thire property of Frederick Iolrhes, from the dwelling house of Mr. lulmes. tb htuth the boys had bern arraigned on the previous dr dati, Mol!oy having pleaded guilty nod llum n philes not guilly. On being called up for Judlg. itt -it ti prisonrerr had nothing to say. The Chief loustire wea sorry to find boyscharged with lit such olfernes. Mlolloy had acted like an adept in a, breaking open drawers and rtealing money. lit hI not Iben pro perly looked alter, nod Ih was not sure that his parents or ?tR larrlians were not it netrly ar had its himenlif. ''Tho difliculty was what is to dio with him, but the law must te vindiclted. O Ills honor considered his case greatly aggravated by tire evidenc ire ie had given that d;ay,iit trying to 0o implicate tire son of the Ilproecutor in the robbery. dr li, case was a very had one, and ire should eon- C tence him to three years' imlprisonmlent. As to HIumphries, his Honor entirely caon curred in the verdict ; it would at have been better for him if he had chosec as beter companoions. It was necessary to irake an example of such had boys. lie regarded tihe case, however, more favorably than he did that of b the other boy. Hle had received a good character f from his shoolmaster and the City Mlissionary. nnrd tire jury had recommendedl irim to mercy. Ilas Honor should give effect to it, and he hoped when ire emierged to freedom again that his putt. Ishiment would prove t lesson to him. Sentenced a to one year's imprisonment.- Iilliam Picshall, a Jrres Perry, John Perry anil Amtr Campbell c were charged -witih stealing 200 a pairs of children's hoots Ibhe Ipro. t perry of John Alsop master of the Indus.. The a jury returned a verdict against the male prisoners It with a recomendation to mercy on account of the l good character given them by the prosecutor. ft Th'ley acquitted the temnle prisnoerwlho was dis charged. 'tihe men were then called oupfor judge moot, and were told that they q titd incurred a sentence of fourteen years' imprisonment, but in considers tior of tire character they hadl received and of the recommendation of the Jury, he should only inllict a sentence of 3 years' Imprlsonment. Charles WTest convicted on the previous day of stealing spirits frot Mr. WV. Jones, an innkeeper at Outlands was sentenced to 4 years imprison-pi mert.-The sessions then terminated.-Abridged from Mercury., A SrnAsnE DaLUsron -At the Police Counr on Thursday, an innfortunate man,, sramed Charles W~hite, was charged with being a lunatic. t From the evidence of parties who observed tise poor fellow's conduct, it appears that he labored under the delusion that lie wits about to foll or be dragged down a precipice, and to save himself hIe pulled all the clothes off the beds of the patients, and otllerwise disturbred them. The man appeared to be a very harmless, quiet follow; but on thire stateent of Dr. Benson he was ordered to be sent to New Nortolk.-Adeertiser. Trtss IliUT PoNr.-In accorlance with n vote passed In the last sesslon of Parliamlott, the above-named place will be immediately de. clared a clearing port. Dr. DI)ldy will be re-: moved from Port Easpernce, threre he has been hitlerto Stipendiary Alaishtrate, to Taret Hut Point, where hre will prform tire joint duties of Suh.Colocltor and Polic laglstratoe -Ibid • Dl)orn or Mas. lENNETTr, or O'BIlatun' BlUtnoe -t r readers will olserve with ut feigned regret the anntouncement in oar obituary of the death of Mrs. tIennett, tire relict of the late licv. Mr. Bennett, for tmany years the incumbent at O'Brien's Bridge. Only rone short mouth since her respected husband was borno, to the grave, leaving a numerous family dependlent upon the exertions of that widowed mother, already exhaosted by the long and ex pensive illness which preceded that melrncholy evett; and now even that support, frail and weak though it might'r have bheui has e been by the decrees of ao allwise providence re d moved. It does not requireoour pento psint tl t situatioi of the saovi dastitute orphlians, iltliOitt n parente, or meaons o althslatouce, rut it;is hoped hirtI this christirlu Iard-'not without frlerndsr for.we are persuanded that the few weak lines we have d written will so stir up the hearts of our readers that a nulled and effectual effort will be at once made to at least (by affordling substantial ,eeaniary ai ), alleviate their forlorn coalditlon,- Ibid. __ 