Tire adulteration, or as it is more ele gantly phrased, the manipulation of wine, in tlio expectation of thereby making it more marketable, appears to hare a strange attraction for some of those who in this colony have engaged in the production, or at least in the sale, of Australian wine. Somo two or three years ago, there was quite a voluminous correspondence iii the Melbourne newspapers relative to the pros, and cons, of fortifying, that is, of brandying new-made wiucs. To prevent their becoming acid was the excuso oll'evcd by those who recommended the drench- ing of our Victorian wines with brandy, after the old approved, butnow discredited practice, pursued with portwines intended for the English market. The controversy about 'J fortifying" has died away. But we again find the same notion arising in another form, as though anything so simple, pure and good, as unadulterated or unbran'died wine of prime quality could not bo enjoyed by ordinary English human' naturo, whethor located in a colony or in tho parent1 country. Thus, wo find this week in one of the , local newspapers published in the Ovens and Murray district, , tho following statement: — "A number of gentlemen interested in vine-growing and wine-mnking assembled at the Empire hotel, Wdhgunyah, on Saturday evening, to take into consideration tho propriety of agreeing to Mr. Hoeinson's viewswitu referenco to tho consideration to be given to him for his practical knowledge and experience in tho making and mixing'of wines, spirits, vinegar, otc. Mr. ItoniN- son, it appears, is willing to impnr't his knowledge to a number of gentlemen, who are not to divulge the secret for twelve months. Somo of the gentlemen interested thought it advisablo that the information- should not bo imparted to any one; but that, instead, a company might be formed for tho purchase ot the raw material, that is, the wines grown in the district, ' and mado iff the ordinary style. In this company Mr. Robinson is to bo employed to manipulate the wines, and send them to market in a sound, marketable state, warranted to keep any length of time. The company proposes to_ buy up all tho wine in the neighbourhood, store ' it in Wahgun- yali, to bo _ operated upon, and sent to market with the company's brand." If this polygraph correctly represents the state of things intended to bo described, then, wo fear tho Vahgunyali gentlemen aro going to allow themselves to bo duped with their eyes open. What secret is th.pro in the distillation of brandy from wine, or in tho reducing of spoilt or in ferior wines to tho condition of market- able ; vinegar, other than the ordinary pro fessional skill of the practical distiller or vinegar-maker ? As well say that there was. a secret in coopering staves into casks, or in any other work of tho skilled operative. If tho person referred to as being prepared "for a consideration" to impart the secret of his knowledgo on condition that it is not to be divulged for twelve months, has loarned tho distiller's or vinegar-maker's art, in the best school of Europe, viz. Franco, lio can readily find profitable employment in liis profession, without having reeourso to the charlatan trick of selling a secret. If he has not been a practical skilled worker in either of those branches of business, what is the value of his protended secret ? But, then, ho is also a makor and " mixer" of wines, who undertakes to "manipulate" the wines of tho Ovens and Murray District, and send them forth to tho. pur chasers in a " sound and marketable state." . Let tlioso who have adopted tho occupation of vinegrowers and producers of wine, as their means ®f living, beware of making a fatal blunder in referenco to tho character of their wines. Tho Ovens and Murray District, if not invaded by ignorance, trickery, or dishonesty, pro mises to yield wines whicli cannot be sur passed by tho products of any other vine yards in the world, But if the reign of tho " mixing" and " manipulating" gentry is once introduced there, the prospects of liigh reputation and of large profits, which would otherwise attach to their vineyard produce, will speedily vanish. _ The art of making good wine in a propitious climate like this is tho simplest possible, nud may be described in a couple of . dozen words. The requisites arc, grapes of the proper sort, thoroughly ripe, crushed or pressed ; the juice or must fully exposed to tho atmosphere before fermentation sets in, but carefully shut up from the air after fermentation has commenced; fermenta tion left unchecked till completed ; wine racked off into clean casks for tho secon dary fermentation, and racked off again two or three times during the subsequent twelve months to free it from deposit; good casks immaculately clean ; a thick- walled wine store, nbovo or below ground ; and ordinary caro and attention to wards keeping the casks full, and tho wino free from tho least contact with the atmosphere. Wine made in the Murray district with due attention to theso requi sites, cannot but be a superior and richly- flavoured product, which if brought pro perly witlun the reach of the consumer, at a fair, but not extravagant price, cannot but command a market. But what secret is thoro in bringing all these requisites into operation in the making of wine ? Every novice even in the wine-maker's art, knows all about these requisites. The grand " secret" of _ success is to apply them with skill and judgment to the prac tical work of making and housing the wine. And that is a " secret'' which this new light, Mr. Robinson, or " any other mnn" 'cannot possibly impart to some of the numb-skulls, who have betaken them selves to wine- makiitg in Victoria ; whilst those who arc fitted to succeed in tho business are far too intelligent to stand in need of the hidden inspirations or nostrums of n professor of trade-sccret3. "What would be said of a self-styled brewer who should tell a number .of country maltsters that for a certain sum bo would let them into tho secret of making first- class Burton ale ? — that 110 practical train ing wns necessary — that the brewery of " Bass" was all n little dodge, which he would put them up to for a moderate sum of money. Yet this is in effect what ap pears to be proposed to the Ovens and Murray vigncrons in a matter which admits of less trickery than the brewing of malt liquor. Let tho vinegrowers of the Murray remember that if their wine is once spoilt, there is no remedy — the loss is complete, and in addition the character of tho wines of their district is jeopardised. The fate of Cape wiues ought to warn them ngainst any quack manipulations, and especially should they be taught a wise lesson by the history of port wine, in the English market. That wine was bran- died, and mixed, and coloured, and doc tored in a thousand ways to " make it suit tho English taste," as it was said. And as long as high duties keep out of tlieUnitod Kingdom all otherrcd wines the abominable compound called "port" was consumed there to somo extent. But when railway and steamboat travel had mado the public familiar with tho excel lent and moderate-priced wines of the various countries of Continental Europe, the "mixture" called port fell at onco into disrepute and disuse.N, Mr. Shaw, the London wine-merchant, in his recent nmusing and instructive book on the sub ject, says, in tracing "the decline, and faJT' of the port wine trade : — " If similar quality to these (the early1 unadulterated wines of Oporto) had been adhered to, I believe port would not have fallen into its present disrepute ; for it cannot be denied that it is now generally regarded as an intoxicating vulgar wine, whether it will regain its prestige is very doubtful ; at all events, they can only be attained by using means similar to those used by growers in Mcdoe, Cote d'Or, and other places, where the finest varieties of grapes are sought, and scicnco, skill, and care aro applied in all the processes of develop ment." This is tho language of an ac complished and experienced London wine-merchant. Let the Ovens and Murray vinegrowers take them into con sideration, and shun all mixers and ma nipulators, if they desire to establish 0 thriving and permanent business in the wines of their district. The magnificent weather of yesterday afforded all classes of the community au opportunity of thoroughly enjoying the holiday amusements provided for Easter Monday. It was aliolldny indeed la every sense of the word. Journeys by land and sea were undertaken In every direction, in which the means of conveyance were to be obtained. Melbourne was full of country people, and the various provincial town ships upon tile line of railway were crowded with visitors from the metropolis. The sports on the Melbourne crlekct-ground snd at Colling- wood were largely patronised by thousands of pei sons, and in each ease the yast body of spec tators appeared fully satisfied with the efforts mode to afford them amusement. At St. Iiildn, Brighton, and tho Royal Park, large crowds assembled, and tho temporary relaxation from tho toils of labour and tho cares of business wns turned to the beet advantage. In ttie evening all the places of entertainment were fully pa tronised. Up to the hour of our going to press, no in telligence of the arrival of the mail steamer had been received. Tho Adeln'de branch steamer would leave Kiug George's Sound on . tho 18th (tills day) whether tho Madras had arrived there or not, Tho Chief Justice will leave Melbourne to morrow evening for Bellaarnt, to preside at the Circuit Court, which commences there on the following morning. The Geeloug Cirebit Court is appointed for the 26ih instant, and will also he opened by his Honour, Mr. Justice Williams will- preside at the Sandhurst Court on Thursday next, end at tho Castlemniae Court on the 25th inst. It is reported that before the conference now sitting in Sydney in reference to tho Border Customs duties breaks up, a proposition will be made by the Government of New Soutli Wales to that of this colony to sell the Riverine district. Adelnido papers have been received by us to tlie 15th. Particulars of tho railway acci dent between the city and tho port are published in another column. An exhibition of colonial gems and jewellery is announced to bo held In the Royal Society's Ilall on the 2nd of May and two following days. Several very heavy showers have fallen during the last few days in the Riverine district, and the a.pect of the weather generally encourages tiie hope that the drought which has proved so disastrous in the north is over. A numerous police sheet and cause list was disposed of by the City Court yesterday morning, the mnjoiity of the criraiual cases being night charges. William Hill and Catherine Gorman were remanded until Wednesday for assaulting and robbing s mnn named Robert Lowes at tho AlherthoteljStephenstreet. MaryA. Saunders was also remanded until the same day on a charge of stealing L3 from a man named Peter Jacobs. The Beechworth Criminal Sessions com menced on Thursday before Mr. Justice Barry. The eases tried were not of any material interest. Wilijam Lover, alias Graham, a youth 15 years of age, leaving been convicted of horse stenliug. His Iloifour in passing sentence is reported to have improved the occasion as follows : — " His Honour addressed liim in very striking terms. He said he had no doubt that he, prisoner, had heard of the tragical but merited end of the bushranger Morgan in that dlstrict. That un fortunate' man had probably commenced his career of crime nt about the same ago as pri soner, and very much In the same manner. He was sorry to see Hint the pi isoucr also commenced life with an alias. lie hoped prisoner would sco the full particulars of that man's career, and liow, as soon as he had tho audacity to come into this district, defying order, and braving the peaceful orderly inhabitants, the people showed iiim that liero, nt all events, they appreciated the biessingB of order liy shooting him clown, thus anticipating the felon's doom, that at some time must have overtaken hiin. Tlds wretched inan, although apparently lost to all sense of human feeling, had evidently had his heartburn ings nnd moments of anguish. He mentioned this in the hope that prisoner would consider what would he the result if lie persisted in tho course of crime he had so early commenced. He wns as yet searccly n man, and 1 is Excellency tho Governor had tho power, and would, 110 doubt, attend to his Honour's recom mendation, by not carrying out the sentence as he must pronounce it. He would not like to see him among hardened ciiininnls, butiu a place more appropriate to his age, and whero lie would receive proper discipline and instruction. IIo would therefore recommend tho Governor that ho he sent to an asylum for young men, where lie would hnvc au opportunity of considering the effect of his conduct. IIo had seen . that prisoner was not much affected either by tho shocking positien in which ho stood or tho terrible sentence which wn« impending over him. He would therefore sentence him to five years' hard labour on the public ro uts." There is n rather suspicious aspect about tiie following, which wo extract from the Wanga- rnttn correspondence in tho Ovens and M array P dvertiser : — " Halpcn, the man arrested as Men Iinll, and supposed to bo Morgan's bush telegraph, was discharged yesterday morning with 27s. in itis pocket, and was met later in the day between Wnrby's and Connolly's, mounted on a good horse." We join with the Talbot leader, from which journal we quoto the accompanying narrative, in pronouncing tho cose therein described one of the most heartless that has even come under our notice: — "A man named IVolfendule was charged by the police witli neglecting to support his daughter, yvho is 15 years of age, half-wit ted, and deformed. According to the evidence adduced it appeared that on one occasion when residing with her parents- she fell into a well, and Iter mother refused to cxlricato her. , She was only able to get out by Iter sister placing a ladder in the hole. It also appeared that Iter parents had repeatedly beaten and starved Iter, and this treatment nt length culminated in her being turned out of doors. On Sunday she was met by a kind-hearted woman named Juhnson, residing in the creicent, to whom she applied for work, and being urged told her sad story. Mrs. Johnson, with truo motherly instincts, took her to her house, nnd nftcrwards obtained n situation for her, hut owing to physical weakness she soon had to leave. During this time Mrs. Johnson saw the mother on the subject, nnd the inhuman parent said that sho " wonltl rattier do twelve months or be hung than keep the girl." Afterwards Constable Parkinson took her to his house, anil then preferred the above charge. Tho magistrate, Mr. P. C. Crespigiiy, P.M., said that long as lie had presided on the bench, lie had never had such a heartless cose brought before him. lie only regretted that tho Inw would not permit liiin to mark his sense of tho defendant's conduct in a different manner; as it was ho should make an order on the defendant to pay to the clerk of the court 12s. per week for the girl's maintenance." Tho street preaching nuisance 1ms shown strong symptoms of revival lately. Almost every Sunday afternoon the Parliamentary Reserve, the wharves, and other plaresof a similar descrip tion, arc the scene of some disturbance, caused by thefanaticallangiiBge and demeanour of stump preachers. The Mayor has given instructions to the police to take into custody these promoters of disturbance, nnd yesterday one of the " band of brothers" — Mr. Peter Virtue — was brought before the City Court and remanded until Wed nesday next, as it was stated tbat the Mayor would be present on tbat day to deal with the cose. Hotel keepers on the Crooked River road are warned by the Gipps Land Times to beware of one of tho species " loafer" who has been vic timising with somo success the publienns of Sale. The journal mentioned thus 'describes the Inst exploit of this Jeremy Diddler: — " The per- sonnge in question is possessed of sll the outward semblance of a gentleman, as far as dress nnd make up go, and by these succeeded in imposing on Mr. French, who allowed him for a fortnight to live upon the fat of the land, and nover ques tioning his 'honesty, passed everything unhesi tatingly to his account. For the last few days of his fojuurn lie was taken rntber unwell, and confined himself to Iris bedroom, whero Mr. French supplied him with medicines, gruel, etc., but fccliug himself rather better on Tuesday morning, and knowing that the day of reckoning, was at hand as soon ns I10 presented himself, and not having a coin to meet it, lie quietly, about 4 o'clock last Tuesday morning, let his dunnage over the balcony by means of a cord, came down stairs after it, opened the front door himself, and made oil) leaving ns his only memento n letter for Mr. French, wherein he Informed him of the road ho hnd taken, his impccuniosity, and in tention to pay wlion lie hnd means, nnd con cluded by hoping lie would not bo thought a rogue." The following is a statement of tho number of passengers conveyed on (lie Melbourne Railway yesterday To the Cricket Ground, 1846; Hawthorn, 552; Brighton, 4115; other stations, 1020; total, 7542. The last preliminary meeting of tho "United Labourers' Friendly Society" took 'place yester day evening nt tho ; Victoria Parade Hotel, Fitzroy, the president, Mr. Win. Brown, in, the clinir. As the chief business of the present meeting was tlio additional enrolment of mem bers," tlitie is little else to be reported. Several new members were enrolled, nnd the society Is now considered duly organised and established. Henceforth the proceedings will he, of course, in close lodge, tlio flr9t of which will meet at the same place, on Monday evening next. A bridge ocross the Back Creek on tlio Sandhurst nnd M'lvor road was observed to be on fire.011 Friday morning. The fire, which was soon extinguished, originated in tiie following singular manner: — "A party of miners had been working on the bank of the channel, and hnd driven immediately under tiie woodwork of the bridge. On lenving work on Thurtdny night they hnd incautiously left a candle stuck against some of the slabbing of the drive, which taking tiro had commuuicnted witi: the woodwork of tlio bridge. It was fortunate that the fire was seen at tho time mentioned, instead of at night, ns tho flames were very close to some of the supporting woodwork of the railway bridge, which crosses the road at this point." Yesterday afternoon, between one nnd four o'clock, the residence of Mr. James Morrison, 35 Queensbcrrv street, Hntlinm, was broken into during the absence of the inmates, nnd L55 in notes, gold, and silver, carried oil', in addition to a fire insurance receipt from tho Colonial Insurance Company, a cheque for L2 on the Bank of Australasia, and other documents. Two persons named respectively Andrew Sinclair and Catherine Conquest, were left in charge of tlio house, and they went out for a walk at 1 p.m., and returned four hours afterwards. On leaving the house the front window was open, and it is supposed that tho thief or thieves obtained an entrance by that means, and went into the bed room, whero the cash-box containing the money wns kept. The box was forced open, and left in the room nfter the money had been abstracted. Some coppers were taken out of tho titi, lint these were not thought to he worth removing farther. The burglars left by tlio front door, which was found open by Mr. Brymer, a neigh bour. The landlord of the Niagara hotel, Sandhurst, Mr. Phillip Kennedy, died very suddeniy on Saturday morning iu a fit of apoplexy. A murderous assault Was committed at Mount Maccdon on Monday Sebright, upon a man. named Doyle, particulars of which aro given as follow in a Kyneton contemporary " On re- ceipt of the news Sergeant Drought, accompanied I by a magistrate, to take depositions if necessary, and also by Dr. O'Reilly, at once started for the | place, en reaching which they found the unfor tunate man in n very dangerous state, suffering from a severe wouud inflicted at the butt of the ear with a knife, by a man named Brown, with whom Doyle had had some words. The bleeding, whicli nt first was very profuse, lind by this tiiuo been stopped by n clot of concealed blood which formed close to the wouud, and according to the doctor's opinion wns probably the means of FRvlng his life. Drown, who wns about tho place, was immediately arrested nnd conveyed to the lock-up, nad on being brought before the Bcncli 011 Thursdny, was remanded to Kyneton, till such time as Doylo (if lie ever recovers) cnu appear against liim. This is the second case of stabbing with n knife which lias been brought before the Woodond Bench uitliin the last few weeks, and wo sincerely trust that tho perpe trators of such cowardly actions will meet the reward which they so richly deserve.'' In tlio Criminal Court ycatcrdny, a young woman, named Margaret Jane Thomas, was in dicted for the manslaughter of her infant child, Mary Jane Thomas. The Infant died in conse quence of not receiving proper food, and the evidence showed that it hnd not sufficient care bestowed upon it. Tho jury, without nny hesi tation, acquitted the prisoner. John Cotter, n cabman, wns sentenced to five years on the roada for assaulting and robbing a waterman named D. M. Smith ; nnd Elizabeth Ready, n girl who assisted in committing the offence, wns. sent to gaol for two yenrs, the Judge directing that every iif.h week should be passed in solitary confinement. A similar punishment to this Inst wns inflicted on Elizabeth Owens and Catherine O'Loughlin, who had perpetrated a very impu dent robbery on a woman named Julia Ellam. A mnn named Patrick Mullens was brought to the hospital yesterday afternoon with a com pound frncturc of the thigh nnd Irg. He was in an insensible coalition, nnd consequently could not state iiow the accident occurred. He died in a few hours after Ids admis'ion. An inquest wiil be held upon the body to-day. The following account of- a serious accident nppenra in the Bnilnarat .' tar Mr. Crowle, of the firm of Moylo and Crowle, gingerbecr and cordial manufacturers, Creswick, was seriously Injured about the faco while driving home from Ballnnrnt on Saturday, through the bursting of a jar of sulphuric acid on the seat alongside of him. The effects were so severe as to render Mr. Crowle completely blind, in which state I10 was found by the driver of Hnrry M oiler's coacli, on his return to Creswick. Mr. Crowle was ' imined ately taken into the coach nod brought home, where he wns promptly attended to by Dr. Roche. Although Mr. Crowle's face is at pre sent ; very much swollen nnd disfigured, hopes are entertained that his sight lias not been totally destroyed." Four jurcrs summoned to attend at the Cri minal Court yesterday, and who did not appear (prcforring, we suppose, to enjoy the holiday in n rational manner), were fined three guineas each. . The 23rd anniversary of the St. Patrick's Society was celebrated last evening by n ball and supper, in the lmll of the Society, Bourke street west. The ball-rooin nnd supper-ro.im were decorated with- considerable taste, and the front of the hall wns illuminated with a stnr in bril liant gas jets, and ornamented with wreaths and festoons of evergreens. The company,, which numbered about n hundred ladies and gentlemen, began to arrive about nine o'clock, and dancing soon after commenced, and was continued until midnight, when supper was announced. An excellent repast was provided by Mr. Jen kins, nnd after full justice had been done' to it, tiie President, Mr. Owen Moran, proposed tiie usual loyal toasts, ' and followed these up with- " Our Native Land." Mr. O'Grady,. M.L.A., in responding, stated that the 17lh of April was a novel birthday lor St. Patrick, but he trusted that the future anniversaries would be as successful as tho present one, which wns the 23rd. When the society wns first esta blished the' population of Ireland wns 9,000,000, but unfortunately it lmd been siuce reduced to 5,000,008, the remainder being scattered all over tlie world. The St. Patrick's societies were then toasted witli acclamation, after which Mr. E. Finn, in-grsponding, stated thntnnumberof branch socioties had been formed all over tlie colony, and were working successfully. . Tho members - were particularly fortunate iu having, lineal descendants of tho saint amongst, them, for St. Patrick's unclo wns an O'Shanassy, mid his aunt nn O'Grady. Tlio toast' of " The Parlia ment of Victoria" followed, and wns responded to by Mr. A. Kyte, M.L.A. ;. and after the Jndies nnd the Press had bscu ' duly honoured, the company returned .to tlio ballfdbnij when dancing was continued to .an. early hour this morning. ' ' A Chinese whose name is unknown was taken to tba hospital lost evening in n dying state, and though every effort was made to save his life, lie expired soon after his arrival. Last night the Theatre. Royal was crowded. The management had provided a liberal bill of fare, comprising tbo popular drama of " Lenli," and the performances of Signor Vertclli on the flying trapeze. The version of Mozcuthal's drama produced on this occasion differs but slightly, and only in some immaterial particulars, from the piece in which Miss Cleveland origi nally made sucii a lilt nt this theatre; hut Mrs. nnd Mr. Heir iiavc succeeded Hint lady nud Mr. Vincent in the parts of tlie heroine and the- apostate Natlinn respectively. With out instituting comparisons, which, . all circumstances considered, could not! fail to be invidious, considerable credit is unquestionably due to Mr. and Mrs. Heir for their representation of the two Iendingcharncters, as, at all events, they are not nmeuable to cen sure for pingiarlsini Mr. Fitzgerald, as Itefore, imparted a prominence to the part of Rudolf, which an inferior actor would certainly not suc ceed in doing, nfid ably seconded by Mrs. Heir, worked up the fine situation nt the close of the third act most effectively. He was joined with that lady in a call on tiie fall of the drop scene. The drama is fairly mounted, and no doubt will have a run. ' Signor Vertelli, who possesses a handsome figure and an intelligent face, per formed tho flying trapeze feats, a la Leotard, t6 the general satisfaction. Tho Bellringers and Miss Harriet Gordon per formed their. capital entertainment at the Poly technic last night to full benches. The encores, were numerous, and, considered as having a complimentary significance, were well deserved. Yesterday the Christy Minstrels gave a mid day performance at the Haymarket, which was largely patronised. In the evening there was another excellent house, and the performance by Mr. John Smith of " Jim along Josey," a nigger shoeblack, who personates under the usual farcical circumstances a physician, gets intoxi cated upon laudanum; and frightens the family into which he has intruded himself by further assuming the part of a ghost, evoked roars of laughter. 