LAYING- THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. LUKE'S, SÜS-EX-STB.RET. Yesterday aftornoon tho ceremony of laying th« foundation stono of a Church, to bo called St. Luke's, took placo in Sussex-street, parish of St. Philip, in tho prcsonco of a largo concourso of parishioners and otheri! interested in the erection of tho building. Besides sovoral clergy mon, and porsona of distinction, -thc children of St Philip's school, in holiday costume, woro present to witness tho proceedings; but tho majority of them wcro prevented owing to tho eager curiosity, of Uio ndulta who completely shut thom ont. Tho locality of tho Church is very desirable, and as it is to bo free to all, without anv cbargo for pow rout, it promise» to bo a great boon {o tho inhobitauts in its vicinity, who may havo objoctionB to attending a pine« of .worship of moro aristocratie pretensions.1 Th» Church will havo threo roofs, and is designodby Hr. J. 1<\ Hillv, architect, Messrs. W. and V. Nowland being tho contractors for tho masonry. Tho stylo : is to be Gothic tho dimensions being sovouty-four feet long, insido measurement, Hf ty feet wide, mid; fifteen feet squnro with tho wall. Thoro will bo six window« each side, threo in front, tho ? centro of which will bo a double mullion window, and a similar to ono; all in tho early English style, behind tho obaucol. Two porohes will -fuco Sussex street, and tho appearanco of tho church from this view will bo very handsome. The contract for tho masonry is about £730. Tho site, whoso foundation is sand- stone rock it is snid was granted by tho Government, during Sir William Donisou's administration. Shortly after 3 o'clock, tho Very Hov. Deon Cowper, tho Hov. Mr. Kommis, of St Mark's, Aloxnridrin, and tho clorpymen of tho parish, to« ether with tho Honor- able John Campbell, Esq., M.L.C., and several other gentlemen^ assembled near tho stone, which \yas sus- pended With ropo and pulley ready for laying. '. Tho following WBB thou tho ordor observed in tho coromonv Tho attendants hoing duly placed and silonco ínndo tho Dean read, and tho clergymen of tho parish and tho pooplo repeated, by altérnalo verses, Uie 132nd Psalm. Olio of tho clernymon then read thc lesson-Ephes. iv., 7-17 v. j after which tho Dean road tho Collect for St. Luke's Day. Tho Hon. J.- Campbell thou placed beneath tho stona a sealed glass bottle, containing a copy of tho Sydncy Morning Herald, the Empire, tho Church Chronielc, and a parchment inscription, ongrossed by Mr. J". A, Matthows, as follows:-"Tho foundation stono of this church,-lo bo called tho Church of bt. Luko tho Evan- gelist, and to bo sot opart for over for tho preaching of tho tr no Cut hoi io faith, and tho administration of th« sacraments according! to tho ordor and disciplino of thu United Church.'of England and Ireland, was laid on St. Philip's Day, A.D. I860, by tho Uonorablo John Campboll, Esq,,* M.L.C., tho Incumbent and other cler- gymen being present and officiating ; tho Right Honor- able Sir John Young, Bart., Govornor of tho colony, tho Hight Rev. Frederick Darker, D.D., Bishop of Sydnoy and Metropolitan ; tho Viry Rev. William Macquaiio Cowper, M.A., Doan of Sydnoy and Incum- bent of St Phillip's ; Messrs. John Campbell, Alexander Stuart, and John A. Mathews, Eeqs., trustees ; J. I'. Hilly, architect. Tho stono WOB then duly placed and fixed, Mr, Campboll assisting, and afterwards pronouncing'i these words:-"I lay this as tho foundation and- comer steno of a church, to bo built in this place, to bo named St. Luko tho Evangelist's Church ; and to bo set apart for tho preaching of tho puro word of God, and admin- istration of tho sacraments according to tho order of th* United Church of England and Ireland, in tho name of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Tho Very Rev. Doan COWPER added :-" Tho glorious Majesty of tho Lord our Ood bo upon us ; prosper Tliou tho work of our hands upon us ; O prosper Thou our handy work ; for thosako of thy Son Jesus Christ. Arnon." Tho pooplo presont then sung the Hundredth Psalm, now version. Tho Apostles' Croed WJS next repeated by tho Dean, tho olorcy, and tho pooplo. Aftor thic, tho Dean pronounced, with a loud voice, portions of tho ritual of tho Church of England, tho people responding. Tho DEMI thou said tho following prayers :-O» Almighty God, who hast built Thy Church upon th»' foundation of tho Apostles and Prophots, Jesus Christ Himsolf hoing tho head o mor stono : Grant us to be so joined tdgothor in unity of Spirit by thoir doctrino, that wo may ho mado an holy templo ncceptablo unto Thoo, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Oh most glorious Lord God, whoso" throne is in tho heaven of heavens, and tho enrth thy, footstool, look down wo beseech Thoo from Thy dwolling placo on high, and bless tho undertaking of Thy humble ser- vants. Wo know, 0 Loni, that wituout Thoo our works aro vain ; nnd that unless Thou build tho house thoir labour is but lost that*build it Prevent ns thcroforo in all our doings with Thy moBt gracions favour, aud furlhor us with Thy continual help, in carrying on tho work whioh wo dosiro this day to bogia in Theo, aud iu thonamoof Thy blosscd Son, Bring it, if it bo Thy good pleasure, lo a happy complotion ; and so sond down Thy grnco und boucdiution upon nil who shall ongago in or promote it, that Thy Sanctuary may bo to thom tho llouso of God and tho Gato of Heaven. Graft in our hoarts tho loro ot Thy nanto-; incroaso in us truo religion ; nourish us with lill good- ness, and of Thy. groat morey keep us in tho samo ; in tho communion of Thy ohiirch, and ot all truo bo liovers who hove pleased Theo in thoir several genera- tions from tho beginning of tho world. Oivo us graf« wo bea oçh Theo so to follow the good oxamplo of then* Thy servants, departed this lifo in thy faith mid fenr, that with thom wo may ho partaken) of Thy heavenly kingdom. Grn»t this, 0 niorciful Fnthor, tor tho enk» of .Jesus Christ ¡ who with Theo and tho Holy Ghent liveth mid reignoth over ono God world without ond. Amen, . After which tho DEAN dolivoiod a vory appropriate address to tho lnrgo concourso of spectators prusont, nucí thou dismissed them with his blessing. TKMPWUNCB MBRTINO.-Tho usual weekly meeting, at tho Temperance Hall, in counootion with tho Tem- perance Allinnco, was hold last ovoning. There wns a very numerous attendance. Tho chair was occupied hy Mr. Selby. Addresses, in ndvocaoy of toetotnlirm. wore delivered by Messrs, Douglas, liovis, and J. Davis (York-atroot) ; after which, {Mr. Cavniiough dolivorrd'n leoturo on Phrenology, illustrated hy living heads sub- mitted for mar.ipulution. Tho character given of ench wns ' not of tho most complimentary ; bul tho redeem- ing featurosiwcro such ns to afford such a nico counter- poise, that tho parties under examination appeared to havo "lido passions with other mon," and to di lier little in nutunl lifo from tho Rouornlitv of mankind. I air. C. will toko for his subject next SVodnoedny tho. phrenology of fsiualo cboniotor. 