Upon tlic Assembly poinc into Committee of Supply, tiiis evening on tlic estimates, tho whole question of tho recent iinancittl proceedings and announcements of the Ministry will most probably bo opcucd up. Wo have so recently fully noticed the constitutional impropriety ot ' tacking on" the tarilf to the Appropriation Bill, that it is unnecessary for us to notice the matter further on the present occasion. The Assembly however cannot let tho subject pass. And now that a legitimate opportunity has arisen for the purpose, hon. members must canvass the matter thoroughly — that is, if they mean to deal intelligently with the present critical juncture. Mr. O'Sitanassy has taken the matter in hand. We are, however, of courso unacquainted with the" form which that hon.. member will give to his strictures upon the strange conduct of the Ministry. Neither do wo know whether he pur poses moving an amendment of a hostile character, or not, upon the motion . for going into Committee of Supply ; although that is the plain and proper course to adopt, even if he were doubtful as to his successfully carrying such an amendment. It is only in. an earnest nnd vigorous debate, carried on with the pros pect of Ministerial defeat orsueccssliefore the eyes of the House, that a topic of this importance will bo intolligibly and ndfiniliifnlv rlivitieenrl nri/l oninn en-eft nf satisfactory precedent established for the future guidance of Ministries and Parlia ments m matters of this kind. Unfortu nately, however, owing to tho genius for bungling manifested by the M'CuLi,ocn Ministry, as well as, doubtless, by reason of their inexperience, the Parliamentary arrangements for disposing of the detailed questions of Ministerial finance have got into a rather tangled and disordered condition at the present moment. There scorns to have been no order of precedence observed in i .Terence to the time and mode of bringi ng forward the allied, but at the same ti.. e essentially distinct ques tions of " Su ply," and " Ways and Means." Hi ice it is that wo find the estimates whi. 'i form tho proper business of tho Count, tlee of Supply, and the tarilf which forms the matter of the Committee , oc " Ways and Means" jostling against each other in the most admired confusion amongst " the orders of tho day," without any reference whatever as to which should proporly go before, and which should follow, in the Parliamentary construction of the financial fabric of tho year. We will endeavour to explain tlio true Par liamentary usage, as adopted in thoHousc of Commons, upon these matters ; and then hon. gentlemen will be ablo _to see whether they can support the Ministry, or not, upon the question this evening that " tho House do now go into Com mittee of Supply." The first financial business of the' session, each year, is a resolution agreed to first by a eommittco of tho whole House, nnd next by the House itself, " that a supply be granted to Her Majesty." This settles the general ques tion in favour ofgranting supplies for the service of the year. " The Committee of Supply" proporly so called then at a shortly subsequent dato enters upon the consideration of tho details of " the supply" that has been thus already " granted to Her Majesty." And for this purpose, the estimates are Inid before the Committee. As soon as the first l'eport of the Committee of Supply is laid before the House, and not before, tlic House is moved to take into consideration the question of" Ways and Means " for meeting that supply. And tho form of doing this is that the House re solve itself into a committee " to consider of ways and means for raising the supply granted to Her Majesty." This is what is briclly termed the Committee of Ways and Means ; and iu it are disposed of all questions relating to the imposition or remission of taxes — tho resolutions by which the Committee deals with these questions forming the foundation for future bills to he passed during tho ses sion. Tho Committco of Supply dealing with the estimates of expenditure thus forms tho foundation upon which tho Committee of Ways and Means buses its proceedings in providing revenue. For, the practice ot Parliament is first to decree the public expenditure and then provide tho revenue to meet that expen diture. The present Ministry however have ignored, both the law and tho usago of Parliament in this respect. They have not brought tho estimates under tho con sideration of tho House prior to the con sideration of "the ways and means" for tho year ; but have disposed of the latter, before dealing with the various details of " tho supply" as set forth in the estimates. This however might be allowed to pass ns a venial iraegularity, if Ministers did not propose to follow it up, by unconsti tutionally attempting to wrest a forced assent from the Legislative Council to their leuding measure of " ways- and means" — viz., the tarilf. And here tho irregularity of their proceedings in " put ting the car before tho horso" with respect to supply and ways and means, furnishes their oppouonts with a grand opening for a homo blow that may prove fatal to their Ministerial, existence. Having in their tariff settled, so far as they themselves are concerned, the ways and means of the year, they propose a course for carrying that tariff into law through the Upper House, so desperate and so opposed to constitutional practice that it is certain to be defeated; The Opposition in tho Assembly are justi- fied in assuming tbnt the Council will reject the tarilf— that is the ways nnd means of tho year — in consequence of the nttempt that is to bo made to foist that measure upon them with or without their consent. If then tlic fnnd3 intended to defray tlio estimates of expenditure for the year, are cut oil' at tlic very outset, of what use is it to commit the Assembly to the mockery of formally voting these estimates ? Further, if not only the funds, or "ways and means," but also the " supply" appropriating these funds to the service of tho year, are both to ho swept away — ns appears certain to bo tho case, if the tariff and Ap propriation Bill aro both sent up m one to the Council — what is tho object of going through the farce of a Committee of Supply as tho basis of nn Appropriation Bill which will never be- conto law and never cause one singlo shilling of the public money to bo ex pended. To ask the Assembly to go into Committee of Supply with such nu upshot staring them in tho face, is simply to insult the intelligence and common sense of hon. members. Mr. O'Shanassy may well therefore raise the question as to whether the House should go into Com mittee of Supply on the estimates this evening, with such a contingency as the certain and complete frustration by the Council of all tho Committee's labours standing visibly before them, — especially too when that contingency has been reck lessly provoked by the very Ministers who now ask the House to go into Com mittee. It is impossible of course to foresee what determination the Assembly may corac to this evening on the qucstidn at issue. B.ut tho result is of minor im portance, in consequence of the final determination of the matter resting, as it docs, in the hands of tho Council. The business brought befote tlic Legislative Assembly yesterday was not of au important character. The Registration Act Amendment Bill wn9 passed through its final stages. The bill to incorporate the towns of Ballinrnt, Bnl- intnnt Enst, Cnstlemnlne, nnd s.imlh'irst, was road a first lime. The following consolidation bills were Uten considered: — Public Health Law, Hospital Law, nnd Electoral Law. Jlr. Longmore gave notice in the Legislative Assembly yesterday that, ns the Land Act Amendment Bill would not be passed in time for agricultural settlement, the Government be requested to frame regulations under the 53rd clause of the Act of 1862, In the Legislative Assembly yesterday Mr. Howard gave notice of his intention to move that the sum of i.4000 he granted to Dr. Evans, late Postmaster-General, in lieu of his claim lor compensation. The three judges appointed f» decide on the essays relative to scab and plcuro-pncumonla are Dr. Ralph, Mr. Falrbalrn, and Mr. Snodgrass. Eighteen essays have been sent in. A deputation consisting of the Hons. \Y. J.T. Clurlte, Bear, and Taylor, M.L.C.'s, nnd .Messrs. J. T. Smith nnd Riddel), M.L.A.'s, waited upon the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges yester day, to ssk that the line of road from Footscrny through Brnybrook and on to Melton might be proclaimed a main road. Mr. Sullivan said that, the road wus merely n loop line, nnd that ns it was within four miles of a main line — the JXUI1V1 ilU LUUIU 11/ 1- vuiup Willi LIIU ICUCM, lie promised, however, to allow tho matter to remnin open, with the undrrstnnding that if the deputation could show that under similar cir cumstances two main roads Itnd been proclaimed so near each other he would accedo to the ap plication. Mr. John Curtis, who lias been for many years connected with the Vlclorion press, nnd was, wo believe, tho oldest reporter in the colon), dieil yesterday evening from effusion on the brain uud apoplexy. As a hard-working, indus trious journalist, Mr. Curtis bore a higlijreputo- tion among the members of lii< profession, l'ur some time past lie Itnd been engaged on n news paper published in Richmond. The deceased was, we believe, a near relation of the London banker of the samo name. lie leaves a widow and one child. The squnbblos between tlio Collingwood Gold Mining Company and Hie contractor for sinking a shaft on their ground were brought before the Supreme Court yesterday, in nn action by Mr. Glanville, the contractor, against Mr. J. YV. Rnndell, one of the directors, who carries on business as a draper in Smith street. As soon ns gold was struck In the claim Glanville knocked oil' the sinking, and demanded pnyment of some L1D0 due for wotk already performed. Thiswosrcfused, as the contract was uotfinisbed, whereupon tlic directors took possession of the mine. This conduct was resented by Mr. Glanville, who removed a small but important part of the gear — a connecting pin — for which lie was given into tlio custody of the police. For ttiiu false imprisonment lie clnimed LI ,"00 as compensation. Then came the question, wiio directed Ids arrest; and on this point the evidence of tlic witnesses on cither side wns as contradictory as could well be imagined. The plaintiff and nn array of his workmen, ns well as the constable, asserted that it was Randcl! who ordered his apprehension, fur stealing the pin, whilst ns positive testimony was given on behalf of the defendant that he had nothing to do witli it. The jury evidently adopted the latter view, as they gave a verdict for the defendant. Among the articles of industry produced in this colony about to be forwarded to the Dublin International Exhibition, is a complete collec tion oi brushes "of ordinaryuse, manufactured by Mr. H. Zerenbootn, at his brush manufactory, No. 67, Little Collins street west. The brushes nre all got up iu a superior manner, and will no douht compare very fnvourably.wltli any simfiai productions of ltoine manufacture. Mr. Zeven- boom lias liiilierto been able to manufacture brushes at n price which will compete with the imported article, nnd expects to be able, if the duty of 10 per cent., which it is proposed to levy on brushwure, is carried, to employ a consider able number of hands at his establishment. Brushmaking is a trade at which hoys may he profitably employed in many departments, and if Mr. Zevenboom is able to take n number of the eupctfluous Bedouins of our city into Ills occu pation he will be doing good service to the colony. An interesting decision to traffickers in mining shares wns pronounced by Judge Polilman, in the County Court, yesterday, on an application lor a new trial in'tlie action Sanders v. Bowman. On the 27 lit September last, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the defendant agreed tn sell to tlic plaintiff n share in the Britannia Gold Miaing Company, Carngham. The transaction was com pleted on the following day at noon. At 5 o'clock on t he 27th, however, adlvidend was deelaredout of the proceeds of lite gold obtained till the previous evening. This dividend was paid in pursuance of a resolution arrived at nt n meeting held on tlio 20th September, by which the con sent of a manager of the bank with which they bad . an overdraft was re quired to be obtained before the profits were divided. These proceedings were not kuown to the defendant, but tlic plaintiff, shortly before offering to purchase his share, received in formation from the manager relative to the prospects of the mioc. Bowman, however, obtained the dividend from the company, and the plaintiff brought the action against him to recover it, alleging that he wns entitled to it. It was urged fer the defendant that Sanders acted " fraudulently " in the mntter, nnd could not claim it; tint the dividend being paid out 'of gold reuliscd before purchase, it belonged to the seller of the share ; and further that, ns it wns not declared out of profits after payment of the debt, the plaintiff had no light to it. ' On the first paint his Honour held that the contrnpt for sale might have been set aside in the first in stance for fraud, but ns the price given wns re tained, (lie defendant could not no w take advan tage of it. He also considered that the bargain was made not when the whole transfer wns concluded, but when the parties agreed tm the 27th to effect n sale. On the la<t point he thought it wns an objection which could not lie raiso.l hy the de fendant ; there might be profits whilst tho com pany was In debt, if the creditors were willing to allow their principal moneys to remain unpaid, nnd il r comnany, after pay ing current expenses nnd interest, had a surplus, there wns no principle which forltnde the division of profits among the share holders. For tiiese ronsons he thought the plaintiff wns entitled to a verdict, nnd he should refuse a motion to nonsuit hiin. At the usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society, hold on Tu<siny, n letter was rend from Captain Tonkin reporting the results of his attempt to uso tlic trawl-net in Holison's Bay. Although the net worked in the most satisfactory manner, yet the calmness ef tiie weather which prevailed prevented any sati-factory results being obtained. Captain Tonkin states that it Will nfl'ord him much plensurc to leave the net in the hands of the council, and with it it is intended to moko a thorough trial outside the i lends. A long and instructive letter wns rend from his Honour Sir William Stnwell, calling the ntteiition of tho council to the Bogong mountains ns being ad mirably suitable for the liberation of deer. These mountains nre situated in the north-east of Y'ictoria, extending from the Murray to Glpps Land, and nbound with innumerable fast nesses, from which, if the deer wore once established, they could not he driven. This letter was reserved for fuller discus ion nt n 'uture meeting, it being necessary, tn carry out such n plan with success, that a number of deer should be turned loose at once, and for such n country no doer could bo more suitable than the fallow deer. Of these, largo herds exist in Tasmania, and it was decided to make inquiries ns to the possibility of importing some from there, ns the expenses would be greatly less, nnd the nnimnls would arrive in far better condition for being enlarged than if brought from more distant countries. > The superintendent reported the birth of n Fortnosn fawn and of a spotted Axis fawn ; also, that a white kangaroo had been presented to tlic gardens hy Messrs. Swanstou, Willis, and Nephew, of Geelong. Fi'i m the TUmtigo Advertiser the accompa nying particulars of lite capture of a gang of Chin, so burglars arc extracted : — " Within the last fortnight numerous burglaries have been committed in the neighbourhood of Goldcn'Guliy, Kangaroo Gully, anil Kangaroo Flat. Suspicion rcstiug on some of the Chinese, the detectives have been aciivelyngnged within the last few days. Detective O'Neil arrested four Chinamen last week, and in their tent found n quantity of property which had been stolen from the pre mises of Mr. Balico, tailor, near the Glasgow Arms, and yesterday Detective IColle arrested two Chinamen living in a tent near Punch's store, Kangaroo Flat, and found a quantity of property which lias been identified ns having been stolen from Mr. Suell's and Mr. YViliiums's stores in that locality." "An extensive hush fire occurred in the vici nity of Air. Harney's, Adelaide Yrnlc farm, on Lite Cnmpaspc, on Sunday week, and before its progress could be nrre-ted it overleaped the fence :nd caused some destruction to the crops. The fire again broke out on Friday last, nnd again yesterday, nnd it was only by the energetic efforts of the proprietor, aided hy about n score o: men, that the farm wns saved." YVe get the above particulars from the Hcmligo Adver- Messrs. Longmore, Connor, and Bnyles, M L.A.'s, waited upon the Acting Commissioner of Roads nnd Bridges yesterday, as n deputation from Cntnperdown, to request (list the Hampden shire might he divided into east, west, and north ridings. Jlr. Sullivan, having heard the argu ments uf tlic deputation, said that tiie applica tion should be grouted. The squatting case of Dallimore v. Tlio Queen turned up nguiu ill tlio Equity Court yesterday. Mr. Dallimore seeks to compel the Crown to issue to liitn a lease for 14 years from 1861 for ids Lnmpiougli run, hasiug his demand on the as sumed right, conferred by tiie Orders in Council, which rights, if they ever bail the shadow of nn existence, were totally swept nwny by the Lnnd Act of Mr. Duffy. Among the counsel retaiued nnd appearing against tlic Government was a gentleman who occupies a rt sponsible position in the Civil Service, nnd wlto is at the same time a barrister possessing nn extensive private practice. On the propriety of permitting civil servants to engage in business for themselves it is not hero our province to remark, but surely a restriction should be imposed against their accepting any employment adverse to the State, wli'ch pays them very liaudsome salaries. Tiie particulars of another mining "jrregu- larity," tlic victims hy which are tlio trustees of the Church of England reserve, nt Daylesford, aro published in the I- xpress of Tuesday. That journal says : — " YYe give the following state ments on the authority of the incumbent and one of the trustees of the Church oi England. Two or three years ago, the right to extract the gold under the Church of England reserve wns sold to the Fear Not Company for LIOO. The compnny, however, having struck n highly pro fitable quartz lode elsewhere, did not avail them selves of the privilege they had purchased. But it would appear that the Union Company have secretly done that which the Fear Not Compnny, nnd they alone, were empowered to do. The encroachment, however, appears to have been kept n profound secret till a few days ago, when tlic suspicions of tiie trustees were aroused. They accordingly caused n survey to bo made, which resulted in the discovery that tlic company had driven iuto the reserve a long distunco. A plan of the workings lins been shown us, proving that tlic drive extends from east to west benenth the entire length of the schoolhouse, and diverges thence iu a southerly direction. Though the level is certainly a considerable depth from the surface, the excavations may at a future time enduuger the safety of the school. YYe nre also told that tlic company have taken out a very large amount of gold— estimated at irom 400oz. to GOOoz. — and that this is the source where lite company have been lately deriving their largo dividends. If we ure correctly informed there has been deception of the worst kind towards some of the late shareholders, ns well as fraud on the trustees, in this case. It is said that the existence of n riclt lead of gold under the reserve was cnrelully concealed even from tlio former manager, Mr. YVissiug, and that lie and others finding the ground apparently exhausted were induced to sell out to those iu tiie secret for n mere trifle. \Vo believe an injunction in equity will be applied for to restrain thefurther wot king of the Union Company under the reserve An explanation of the nfi'air is certainly demanded from the company, nnd we trust they will be able to place themselves in n more favourable light titan wl-h our nrosent information we can nus. sibly regard tliem." A haunted quartz-reef being a decided novdlty we make no apology for reprinting the accompa nying sensational paragraph from the Jnglcwood Advertiser: — "Persons unncquaintcd.with the physiology of ghosts assert that they tire uot to be found out of the old settled countries of Europe. However, they show a lnmentable ignorance of fuet, ns ghosts have been known to exist even so fat' .away as tiie Australian colonies. The neighbourhood of Sydney wns at one time honoured by tlio presence of one, whose chief delight was to sit upon a particular rail on a moonlight night; while South Australia nnd Tnsraauia ench Itnve legends of ghostly vi-ita- tions. YY'e need not, however, go farther away than the 'Robie Bums' Reef, close to our own doors, to find one, or rather to hear, for ltis ghostshlp, like many a feathered songster, only reveals his presence through the medium of sound. It is asserted by partic.s who have resided or wotked on this reef that strange sounds and knocklcgs lmvo been heart! down below ; that strange thumps have been given to tiie doors of tents, and that noises like those produced by mining tools being thrown violently about have distutbed tho repose of the innocent occupiers. The ghost has, however, never put in uu appearance, but lins hitherto eluded tho efforts of those dariug enough to desire a personal interview with him, contenting liimsolf by terrifying them nnd driv ing them off his territory. This he has suc ceeded, in one instnn -e at least, in doing. He, however, still continues his noisy behaviour, as several parlies can testify. Po-sihly there is some lnrge treasure below, which lie is anxious to keep to himself, or, as others have solemnly assorted, some foul deed has been committed, and tiie spiiit of the victim cannot rest contented till it is brought to light. If so. it is n pity his gliostsldp cannot spenk plain English, or at ull events write, for it is to he feared his present mode of conversation Is utterly unintelligible." Tho body of n woman whoso name is unknown was fouud yesterday afternoon in the Upper Y'arrn, near the Botanical Gardens Bridge. The deceased Is described ns being about 27 years of ago and 5ft. in Height ; site was dressed in a black jacket and dark-dress. The b dy wns re moved to tlic morgue, where it now lies awaiting identification and intmest. Yesterday's Cnstlemnine Daily A'ctoj ha9 the following account of the discovery of the skeleton of n man, on Tuesday afternoon, nt Tarndnle : — " A man nntned John Kewley was working near Tarndnle Bridge and lite Alpha Company's cluira, where he disturbed tho remains. They were within 18in. of tlic surface, nnd were lying in a doubled-up posture. Mr. Kewley gave informa tion to the police, nnd Sergeant Brown sent for Dr. Rlglty, of Tarndaio. In ltis presence eight bones ef the skull were removed. From cursory cxnralnntion tlio doctor pronounced the skeleton to be that of n grown up person, and itnd pro- bnbly been lying there for seven or eight yenrs. The remains were gathered together and taken by the sergeant to the police-station, where they remain for further information, examination, and inqurst." The Ararat Advertiser lias been informed that "during the recent fires which took place. Mr. YYtire, of Y alla-y-Poora, lost close on 2000 sheep, while Mr. .Davidson, of Allanvalc, wns nlso a severe loser. Mr. Richardson, of Gorrinn, ha I 200 valuable sheep destroyed by a fire which occurred on Saturday." An Ararat storck«eper named Charles Had- land lias been sentenced, hy the local police court, to 14 days' imprisonment for cruelty to a goat. According to the evidence, tho defendant wns seen in ltis shop holding tlic goat, and soon after tlio poar animal rushed out on fire. Otto of the witnesses stated that the flames were a foot in height. Notice of nppenl wns given. A quantity of property which was stolrn on the 1st from the store of Jlossrs. Childc, Brothers, of Plensnnt Creek, lias been recovered under the fdlowlng circumstances, detailed in the Ararat I dver titer : — " Enrlv on Thursday morning information wns given to Mr. John Childe that a spring cart had passed Concongclla Creek about day)i;lit, and that the cart seemed heavily Inden. Tho two men who were in It inquired for the bridge over tiie creek, nnd re ceived the directions they wanted. They wcro apparently bound for Lnndsborough. Acting upon this information, a search warrant wns procured, and Sergeant YY'hitc of tho police force, Mr. Childe, nnd n constable, started in pursuit. A short distance beyond Concongelln Creek, the cart li-d turned off iuto the hu-h, and the track was lost for some time. Proceeding onwards to Lnndsborough no tidings of the cart could he obtained, ns the men had evidently travelled through the bush to bnffle pursuit. Retracing their steps, the party in pursuit agniu got on the tracks near to Green's Creek, YVlimnern, and followed it without difficulty to Crow- JUUUtt, Ull iirilVIIIJi ill. LllUb JJUIVC UU J-lJUlljt morning, they heard Hint n spring cart witli two men in it, answering the description of that they were in'senrch of, itnd passed through nhiut two hours before. This intelligence gave re newed energy to the pursuers, and they followed tlio tracks of the cart, which could easily he traced," until about 11 o'clock, when in rather n secluded place near Evcrelcy, and some little distance off tlio road, they came to tho plnco where the men were camped. A man wns leun- iug against the shafts of the cart, who on beiiig questioned if it belonged to him, said no, it belonged to Ids innte, wlto wns then nwny n little distance shooting. A guu going off at tlio time revealed the wherenbouts of his mate, who also on being questioned denied the ownership of the cart, saying it belonged to his mate. Tlic men were arrested on suspicion, nnd oh the cart being searched the whole of Hie misting property was found. The party .returned to the reefs, nnd the suspected men nnd the stolen property lodged Iu the camp at Stawell on Saturday after noon Inst." According to the Ararat Advertiser nn acre nnd a-linlf of land belonging to Jlr. Mnnley, of Elmburst, has yielded 100 bushels of wheat. The same journal adds that the whole was sold for seed wheat at 20s. per bushel. Respecting tiie most recent outrage committed by Jlorgan, the bushranger, the Cvens and Murray Advertiser says: — " It is more than probable chat another life lias been sacrificed by this bloodthirsty wretch. Our telegrams on the subject are rather vague and uncertain, but wo have also seen a telegram in Beechwarth con firming the main points, nnd stating that the man, although not dead, had received two bullets iu tiie groin, anil that owing to Morgan hovering about the place the people were afraid to send for a doctor. YY'allundool is about 28 miles from Corown,'nud in the heart of a squatters' country. Shame on them who cull themselves men, and yet encourage by their cowardice such unheard- of nnd cruel outrages." " A now rifle," says the Bailnarat Star, " has been supplied to the Ballaarnt gold escort troopers, which appears to bj greatly superior to tiie weapon with which they woro formerly pro vided. The rifle is by Spencer, of Boston, and is loaded at the breetli. Seven shots can be loaded at once, nnd by means of some clever contrivance in the lock a cap is not required. The rifle may be loaded and the whole of the shots fired in about two minutes. The weight of tho weupou is nothing unusual, and so far as has yet been ascertained its precision may be depended on up to a distance of 800 yards." YY'e find in the tar the following relating to the local preparations for tlic reception ami enter tainment of ltis Excellency the Governor, on the occasion of ltis visit to tho National Grain Show, tu be held on the loth : — " At a meeting of the committee of the society, licit! on Jlonday at tho Curse o' Gowrlc hotel, a special sub-com raittee of tho Agricultural Society, consisting of Messrs. Guun, Bath, and Jlnthcr was appointed to superintend all matters connected with his Excellency's reception. The offer ef Messrs. Bignell and Duffy, of the George hotel, wus accepted for providing a luncheon at the show- yards, at which the Governor nnd suite, the judges, and stewards are to hi present. An invitation to tlio Balhiarat Troop of Light Horse was forwarded, asking that body to escort his Excellency from the railway stntion to the show- yards. Mr. Bath staled that he itnd received a letter announcing that Lady Darling and Miss Darling would accompany his Excellency on his approaching visit. This addition to the vice regal party will no douht prove a very important attraction to the people of Bailaarat." A very fine piece of colonial workmanship is now exhibiting in Messrs. Walsh, Brothers', window, in 'Collins street. It is in tiie form of n centerpiece, 'l'lto base is made of blackwood, thickly studded with specimens from the quartz mines of Steiglitz, so as to represent rock work. From it rises a fern,onk, and vine tree, inter twined, which, together with 6ome well executed Australianfaunnnnd flora on the base, nre entirely manufactured of sil ver from the St. Arnnud mines. As a specimen of work it reflects much credit upon colonial artificers. YVe understand it is to be shipped 'to London by tlio Norfolk, nnd will most probably fornyir. interesting feature in the Y'ictorian court at the forthcoming Dublin Exhibition. A most deplorable accident occurred at Sinythesdalo ou Sunday afternoon, by which one life was lost and another nearly so. Tho Grcn- vitlc Advocate publishes tlio following account: — "On Sunday afternoon, wo regret to slate, a melancholy and fatal accident occurred at the establishment of Mr. Hart, sodawater manufac turer, Smythesdale. A large tub, filled with syrup, at boiling heat, was Handing in Hie manufactory, and two of Mr. Hart's children, oneoftliem n fine inle'ligent boy of anine three years old, and the other a little girl about nine yenraofnge, having gone into the building un- perccivcd, were sporting nlxiul nenr tlio tub, when the boy playfully lifted hi. 6lstcr in his arms and held li.r over it, shying bo would tbrow iter into it. The child struggled to get free, nnd in so doing dropped out. of iter brother's arms nnd fell into tho sodding fluid, nnd was immersed in it up to tlic neck. The hoy did his utmost to rescue bis sister, nnd in ltis endeavour partly fc'.I into the tub himself, getting hath his nrms severely scalded. The screams of the chil dren brought immediate assistance, nnd the poor little child was snatclted out of the liquid nnd iter clothing was ripped open hy her father, when from the neck to the feet nil the skin came off in a sheet, leaving the frame a innes of red flesh. Drs. Saengcr nnd Baitgay were soon in nttend- anco nnd rendered every a-sistnnce, but nil medical skill wns unavailable, furtiier titan merely to mitigate p dn, and the sufferer lin gered for about three hours and a-half, when she expired. Tito boy, wo lcaru, is in a Tery preca rious state." From a return laid upon tlic tnblo of tiie Assembly last night it appears Hint the total amount collected under the reduced duties upon tea, sugar, nnd gold is LCD, 000. In order to secure the repayment of this amount, should the tariff be rejected, the Commissioner of Cus toms lias taken (he bonds of either one or two responsible persons, in addition to that of the merchant paying duty. In the future the Government will, w e understand, require the full amoiiDt of cosh to be pnid. A contrivance, which will no doubt be re ceived witli considerable favour by prudent housewives, lias been invented and patented by Jlr. YV. C. YVtud, of Gertrude street, Fitzroy. It is a machine intended to reduce the labour nnd expense of the periodical "wash." The principle of- It is very simple — two American washing-hoards arc placed in n tub facing eacit other, nue having a slight motion, and between those the clothes arc introduced ami worked up and down hy means of a lifter to which they nre fastened. By this proce-s fhe clothes arc quickly cleansed without sustaining damage, while no splashing takes place. The price of the machines is sucli as to placo them within the reach of all. Tho Lystcr Opera Compnny commence a short engagement nt the Theatre Royal, on Monday evening. "Lucrezia Borgia" and "The Daughter of the Regiment" nre to he the opening pieces. Tito Hnymnrket Theatre was exceedingly well attended last night, on the occasion of Jlr. O'Neil's benefit. After "The Irish Emigrant," iu which Jlr.! O'Neil sustniiied with consider able ability the part, of O'Brynn, ho danced a double Irish jig witli Jlr. Norton, of the Christy Minstrels, wlto was attired, in female costume. The dance, witich was really brilliantly executed, was loudly encored. Tiiis was followed by n miscellaneous cnteitninmcnt by the Christy troupe, the acts including the very ludicrous burlesques of "The Hutchinson Family " and "The Swiss Sisters." An outrageously extra vagant trnvostie of the opera of "The Bohemian Girl," which oveked siiouts of laughter, brought to n conclusion a highly enjoyable entertain ment. The compnny of the Thentio Royal, Mel bourne, are announced to appear at the Cadle- mnine Theatre ou Snturday night. Thtir engagement extends to six nights. 