QUEANBEYAN DISTRICT COURT. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13th, 1865. Before his Honor, W. F. Meymott, Esq., Judge. THE business of this court commenced at noon, im mediately on the termination of the sessions, the un defended cases, according to usual practice, being first taken. Verdicts for plaintiff, with costs, were given in the following cases :—42. W. Lee v G. W. Rowley, £1. Is; 45. Horace Dean v J. Martin, £16 Gs lid: 46\. Ewen MI'Donald v A. S. Freestone, £37 10s' S1. A. Gibbes v. Michael O'Keeffe, £21 10s.; 54. WV. Lee v John Bloomfield, £2 12s Gd ; 58. A. Levy v P. M'Intyre, senior, £11 Os; 59. 11. M'Tiernan v John Lee, £12; 64. A Levy v H Vesperman £10 12s 9d; 65. A Levy v P M'Intyre junior, £4 19s 5d; 68. W. Blewitt v M. O'Keeffe, £20 10s. The following cases were either withdrawn or set tied out of court:—48. J. N. Woodman v David Anderson, £12 5s 2d; 40. A. Gibbces v David An derson, £20; 55. A. Levy v W. Field, £5 2s; 57\. A. Levy v P. Connelly, £8 Os Gd ; 62. Alex ander Fraser v John Bloomfleld £4 Os 74; 67. A Levy v Agnes Francis, £17 10s 3d. 56 John Marks v H.. Margules, £100; attorney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone. Mr Gannon, for defendant, applied for a postpone ment of this case, on the plea that his client was too ill to appear, as he had a medical certificate to show. Mr. Freestone opposed the application, which, how ever, was granted by his Honor, and the case was accordingly postponed. The court then adjourned till half- past one p.m. On resuming, the first defended case taken was the following: 44\. C. Chippendale v M. Herbert, £175 7s 4d; attorney for plaintiff, Mr Gannon; for defendant, Mr Freestone. This was an action for the recovery of money due to plaintiff as wages; for moneys paid on plaintiff's account; and for the value of' thirty-seven bullocks sold and delivered'by plaintiff to defendant. The defence was that the bullocks were not scid and delivered; and as regards plaintiff's wages not indebted ; a set-off was also put in to the full extent of plaintiff's claim. Mr Gannon, on behalf of his client, stated that it was to he regretted that the parties to this action were relatives; and the transactions between them had been simply a sale of bullocks, and services rendere.d by plaintiff who took charge of a herd of cattle with which he was travelling for fifteen weeks, and for which services he claimed £8 per week. He should put the plaintiff into the box. Charles Chippendale was then sworn, and proved that he had sold to defendant thirty-seven head of cattle at £2 2s per head, which he had delivered to Mr W. Herbert at Naus; was travelling with cattle for defendant for twelve weeks and three days, and occupied three weeks in returning; had received £10 for travelling expenses, but spent very much more than that sum. Cross-examined by Mr Freestone, witness denied that there was any agreement to deliver these cattle, anil render these services in consideration of a bill drawn in favour of Mr M'Keahnie by his brother, and endorsed by defendant, by whom it was retired. Had asked defendant for a settlement, and he replied he was sorry he could not pay him; gave him an account of expenses on the road; stopped at public houses and took tea there when unable to stop else where. The testimony of last witness was borne out by other witnesses, and the plaintiff's case was closed. For the defence, Mr Freestone said he agreed with his learned friend; it was a pity that relatives should come into court. In this case the fanmily difference was owing to a dishonoured promissory note which a brother of plaintiff's had made, and which was retired by defendant, who had endorsed it. In con sequence of which it was agreed that the cattle and services rendered should go in part liquidation of the dishonoured bill. He would put defendant into the witness box. M. Herbert, on oath, deposed that it was under stood that the cattle and wages he was now sued for should go in consideration of the bill he had endorsed to Mr M'Keahnie for plaintiff's brother, for £210. The bill was retired previous to this transaction. He considered £2 10s, fair wages to a managing mal travelling with cattle; it was not usual to charge for back travel, after going with stock. Cross-examined by Mr Gannon: It might be six years ago since the bill alluded to fell due; it was made by plaintiff's brother. The night before plain tiff -started with the cattle had a conversation with him and made the proposal stated. I did say I might have been on my way to Campbelltown at the time of the delivery of the cattle. T. Chippendale, who made the bill I endorsed, sequestrated his es tate; I did not prove in the estate. This was the evidence for the defence. Mr Gannon, addressing his Honor, refuted the probability that his client would make such terms as had been stated in the defence, since it was clear that he had received no consideration for his brother's bill. Had such a proposal been accepted, rather than receive £10 for expenses, ho would have said, " I'll pay everything." In giving judgment, his Honor considered that plaintiff had made out his case, except that of an excess in charge for travelling with the stock, and the amount for back travelling. Reducing the wages to £2 10s, and disallowing the back travel, that item stood at £30, instead of X£46; and allowing the items in the set-dff, he found a verdict f'o: plain tiff, £150 7s 4d with witness' expenses and costs of court. 50\. P. Sweeny v Thomas Coleman, £12; attorney for plaintiff', Mr Gannon. This was an action for the price of a horse sold to defendant, on whose side there was no appearance. The case was proved and a verdict for plaintiff given for the full amount. 60\. A Levy v Thomas Warner, £7 10s; attorney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone; for defendant, .Mr Gannon. This was an action for breach of contract in the delivery of some wheat. A verdict for plaintiff was given for £5, with costs. The court adjourned at 5 p.m. till 10 a.m. next day. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14TrI. His Honor took his seat precisely at 10 o'clock. The first case taken was 58\. W. Blewitt, senior v James Brown, £70; at torney or plaintiff, Mr Freestone ; for the defenudaut, Mr Cannon. This was an action to recover the sum of £70 as compensation for the loss of certain sheep, &c.; Plaintiff had entrusted to defendant a certain number of sheep on halves, the agreement specifying that "loss by deaths or other casualties" were to be excepted. The plea was, not indebted. Plaintiff was sworn as to his claim ; as was also Nicol M'lnnes, a shepherd, employed by defendant, who proved that lie had been charged by defendant £23 tor certain sheep lost and destroyed by native dogs. In cross- examination last witness admnitted that the sheep were diseased. This was the case for the plaintiff. For the defence, Mr Gannon called James Brown, the defenudant in this case, who stated that the sheep now sued for be actually delivered to plaintiff' out of his own flocks. The evidence of defendant's son was also taken in corroboration of this statement. This was the case; but the following action, in which the parties changed places, being about to be disposed of, his Honor reserved judgment. 61\. James Brown v W Blewitt, £58 10s; attor ney for plaintiff, Mr \Valsh. This was a claim for one-fourth share of the value of wool from 2040 sheep, as determined by arbitra tion. The case was very simple, and his Honuor at its close, delivered judgment as follows: in the case of Blewitt v Brown, verdict for defendant; Brown v Bllewitt, verdict for plaintiff, to full amount claimed with costs. 52\. James HIutchison v M. Herbert, £160 Os 11d; attorney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone. On the application of Mr Templeton, attorney for defendant, this action was postponed till next sittings of the court on the ground of the absence of an im portant witness for the defence. 60\. Alexander Fraser v IR P Beales, £18 12s 4d; attorney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone. Delfendant conducted his case in person, denying the debt, and pleading a set-ol' for services rendered to plaintiff. Plaintiff having proved his claim, and given evi dence that that morning defendant had proposed to pay the whole b3 instalments, if plaintiff would withdraw the case. Defendant here handed in a bill to the Judge as set- off to the amount of' £14 for work done as book keeper to plaintiff. His Honor asked defendant whether the amount was £214 or £14, as from the indistinct character of the writing (which he hoped was not a sample of the manner in whichihe had kept plaintiff's books) it was almost impossible to say which it was. In reply, defendant said the amount was £14; and as his handwriting had been commented on by his Honor, he begged to say something of the sample of caligraphy exhibited in plaintiff's rccount. His I-lonor replied, that thie court was not going to submit to hear a lecture on caligraphy just then; defendant had better proceed with his case. On being cross-examined by defendant, plaintiff denied ever having engaged him at £2 per month to keep his books; six hours work would do all he ever did. Defendant: This is but the ghost of a bill: it has long since been legally dead; now we wvitness its resurrection, and the court must lay the ghost. Hils Honor : You must leave the court if you talk thus. For tihe defence, defendant, on oath, staled that the exact agreement between him and plaintiff wvas, thln( En nruncr n Iremnl him hanr~rt r\\. Oml. rnk~ men··rbnan Ih was to receive ample rcmuneration." He kept plaintiff's books for seven months, and lihe considered ,£2 per month only a reasonable charge. Plaintiff recalled by the judge o: For the work he did, defendant was amply praid; he used to come of an evening to do this work, and in return got his tee, bed, and breakfast. His Honor found a verdict for plaintiff, to the full amount claimed, with £3 l4s 8d costs. 69\. John Macnamara v P. C. Palmer, £12; attor ney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone ; for the defendant, Mr Gannon. This was an action for the value of the services of an entire horse. For the defence it was shown that plaintiff had consented to take a promissory note for £10 10s in payment, and that he ought to have sued on the note which ought, as it was not produced be in other hands, as it was a negociable document. Plaintiff admitted the existence of the note, which was in his possession still. Verdict for plaintiff £10 10s, on condition of his giving up the note, and three months allowed for payment. 66\. M Herbert v Thomas Warner, £200; attor ney for plaintiff, Mr Freestone; fbr the defence, Mr Gannon. By consent of both parties to the notion the case was referred to the arbitration of Messrs Levy and Walsh, who were to determine all matters in dis pute in the cause; the award to lie made in one month ; costs to abide the event. The court then adjourned sine die. PETTY SESSIONS.—Joseph Yates, for stealing a pair of watchmakers' nippers from John Sowden, was on Thursday last sent to gaol for one month.. On Tuesday, James Gallagher, alias Blind Jemmy, was convicted of using obscene language in a public place, and in default of paying a fine of five pounds was sent to gaol for a month.—Mr P. C. Palmer was sued by Henry Evetts for wages as hired servant, and was ordered to pay £2 18s., with costs. CORONER'S INQUEST. --- The district coroner held an inquest on Saturday last, at Cuppacumbalong, upon view of the body of a labouring man named Han- bury, who died on the previous day from injuries re ceived on Thursday last by a fall from horseback. On that day deceased was riding towards the station on a quiet horse, without saddle or bridle, when the horse broke into a canter, and deceased fell from his seat on to a log, receiving internal injuries which proved fatal next day. A verdict was returned .in accordance with the evidence. GOLD FROM BRINDABELLA.—Messrs North and Thomas brought into town on Saturday last about twenty ounces of gold from Brindabella, where their party is still patiently and diligently at work, and have been clearing at the rate of five pounds per man per week. DISCOVERY OF A PAYABLE QUARTZ REEF.—The quietness of this town and neighbourhood has been somewhat disturbed during the past week by the re ported discovery of a rich quartz reef not far from town. Specimens of the reef have-beenbrought into town, and all of them give evidence of an unusually large proportion of gold in the quartz visible to the naked eye. A quantity of the stone has been crushed by an ordinary hammer, and washed, and thus with out the aid of quicksilver has yielded beyond the most sanguine expectations. Several licenses have been already taken out by the discoverers and others who are encouraging their enterprise; and some of the quartz has been forwarded to Sydney for the purpose of being properly crushed and tested; and if the report returned be sufficiently encouraging, of which there appears to be little doubt, we believe capital is available for going into the reef on a large scale. Alluvial gold is also said, by practical miners who have visited the spot,' to be found in payable quantities in a large area of ground around the reel'. \Ve are not at liberty just now to state the exact locality of the discovery; but from our own know ledge we are in a position to state that this is by far the most important gold discovery as yet made in this district THE WEATHER.—The distressed state of this dis trict, for want of rain, is becoming more and more alarming. But so far as we can judge by appear ances of the sky and change in the direction of the wind there is hope that the severe drought is about to be relieved by rain. On Monday the wind, so long prevailing from the north, veered to the south east, quite a rainy quarter, and with slight variations has continued in that direction ever since. A slight shower fell on Tuesday afternoon, and while we w?ite the sky is more overcast than it has been for months and has a very rainy appearance. We trust it will not tantalizingly clear off without a copious fall. SPECIAL PRAYERS FOR RAIN.—Last Monday evening special prayers for rain were offered in the Wesleyan Church in this town, a considerable number of persons being present on the occasion. POLrttroL Ru?ouans.--)nring yesterday severa1 riumours were afloat respecting an attempted re-con struction of the Cabinet, and we give them currency for what they are worth. It was at first state.l that the olffice of Mlinistcr for Lands vacant by the retire munt of Mr Robertson, would be taken by Mr Arnold; Mr Stumart going to the Works' department, and Mr. Samuel to thet Treasury. A subsequent report was that Mr Arnold would be Secretary for Lands, and that Mr. Caldwell had been offered the post of Min ister for Public Works. -lEmpire. SHOCKING MURDER AT THE BOREHOLE.—Intelli gence reached us yesterday evening of a shocking murder having been perpetrated on Monday night, at the Borehole, by a Mrs Canavan, boardinghouse keeper and washerwoman, who deliberately shot a young man with whom she had been cohabiting for some time past. The particulars are as follows.: Mrs Canavan kept what is called a ,' fancy man" for some time, but of late they had not been on very good terms. On Monday he had been out on the spree, and when lie returned at night she had ano ther man with her. A row took place, in the course of which she stated that she wished she might never see his face again, and had a very good mind toshoot him; lie replied that he would load the gun if she would like to do so, and loaded it accordingly. She then took the gun and deliberately shot him through the heart, and he died yesterday afternoon at half past two o'clock. Mrs Canavan's own' husband, with whom she is not living, is said to be a cripple and is employed as a signal man for the trains at one of the stations near the' Borehliole. The murderess" is in custody.-lMaitland Ensign. [An inquest has since been held, and the verdict of the jury, after an inquiry occupying twelve hours, was that Mar garet Cavender (not Canavan) and Francis Drum did feloniously and wilfully kill and murder Wil- - liam M'Cormack, alias Adam Kennedy; Margaret Cavender as principal, and Francis Drum as acces sory before the fact. Both the prisoners were com mitted.for trial, and bail, offered for Mrs Cavender by several persons, was refused. INCIDENT AT THE TRIAL FOR MURDER.—At the hearing of the charge for murder preferred against the two Butlers at the Maitland Circuit Court on Monday, the spectators were called upon to witness a scene that to many who were present, was really one of an affecting nature. As thle examination of a witness was proceeded with, and the court deeply engaged inii their investigation, young Butler, a stout and apparently strong young man, in so fatr as phy sical constitution is concerned, was evidently about to faihnt; his father who stood beside him in the dock, appeared to notice the first symptoms of illness, and rushed to his son's assistance with thie view of undoing the shirt collar. The policemen proceeded into the dock, and supported him in their arms. The oppressive heat of the day, and the close confinement of the dock in which they stood, materially added to the sufferings of th?e un fortunate young man, and his convulsive neavings were painful to witness. The scene for the moment was really one to strike the attention of all by standers. The wretched men placed in the felons' dock pending the investigation of a horrid murder of a wile and mother, and the suspected perpetrators of this foul deed the husband and son of the woman. The fathers position was ono that under ordinary circunmstanccs would have entitled him to sympathy, and he appeared to feel keenly the suffering attendant upon the circumstances of his case.. After some difficulty young Butler was removed to a private. room, where under the care and attention of Dr West, he was soon after restored to- consciousness and although apparently still suffering, was considered by the medical gentleman sulliciently compos for the trial to be resumed. Young Butler has booeen for a length of time subject to these fainting fits; they come upon hiel as often as twice a fortnight, and during the time he has been in gaol waiting his trial, he suffered very much through attacks of spasms. He is a stout-made young man, rather low-sized, and has a wild stare or gaze in his eyes, caused, no doubt, through the at tacks from which lie is constantly a sufferer, and con siderea by many to be in a perfectly insane state of mind. The father is of rather venerable appearance, wvars spectacles, and has rather a pleasing exterior. Both prisoners were dressed in mourning and wore black gloves. The father took notes which he handed to their counsel, but the son appeared to take little interest in the examination of the witnesses if onee might judge by his hearing throughout the proceed ings.-Morpeth Leader.-A telegram in Thurs day's Herald from 'Maitland says:-At 9 o'clock' last night (Thursday) the jury found Oswald Henry Butler guilty of murdering his mother, with a recom mendation to mercy. Sentence of death was passed upon him to-day. IHenry Bishop Butler, having bccn acquainted of murder, is now being tried as accessory after the fact. FIRE EXTRAo0DINARY.-At about twenty-five minutes past six o'clock yesterday evening, the report of a fire at Pyrmont, near Ultimo House, was given to the Superintendent of the Fire Insurance Company's Brigade Office, and two engines were at once despatched to the scene of conflagration. It appears that at about a quarto'-past six o'clock, while the thunderstorm was passing over the city, the electric fluid struck a horse in a stable belonging to Mr Puckeridge, brickmaker. The report was so loud and sudden that Mr Puckeridge, who happened to be at tea, rau into the yard to take up his child, whom he at first thought had been struck by the lightning. But the child was unhurt. He then heard his horse kicking and plunging in the stable and, on going thither, found the animal had been literally ripped open, and some of the loose hay on fire. Mr Puckeridge at once gave the alarm. In a few minutes, from the inflammable nature of the substances in the hay-loft, the stable was soon one body of flame. The three weatherboard cottages adjoining, all belonging to IMr P.uckeridge, also caught fire, and, being so dry from the recent hot weather, were speedily consumed, notwithstanding the efforts of three engines that were actively at work. The only remnants saved from the fire are a few ai ticles of furniture. The horse soon expired. The lightning appears to have penetrated through the shingles, which were of Muorton Bay timber, through the hay-loft, striking the horse with such force as almost to rend him in twain. The property was not insured, and Mr Puckeridge is therefore a considerable loser.-nEmpirc. CATnoucT-IIis Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, accompanied by the Rev. P. White, of Qneanbeyan, arrived in town yesterday afternoon, from WVingello, where he had stayed the previous night, having left Berrima on Thursday. The Right R1ev. Dr. Hanley, with the Revs. M. MIcAlroy, E. Luckie, and WV. O' Brien, went soveral miles down the road to meet his Grace. Dr. IHanley and the Rev. Archdeacon McEncroe, had reached Goulburn on the previous afternoon from Yass, whither his Grace is about proceeding with the Bishop of Goulburn elect, thus making a detour to reach the westward. His Grace looks in excellent health.--Goulburn Herald. CLARKu's EscAPE FRaot BItAInwooD GAor,.-In compliance with instructions from the Colonial Secretary, M1r Allman, the police-magistrate of Gonlburn, left for Braidwood yesterday, to hold an investigation into the circumstances of Clarke's escape, as the decision already given in the case by the Sheriff, as recorded by the Disp)atrh, does not give satisfaction. The Dispatch says :--We under stand that instructions have been 'received from Sydney to the efftect that the warder, Gleeson, who had charge of the prisoners in the gaol yard on the occasion of' Clarke making his escape, should be dis missed, and that Brown, the warder occupying the outside sentry at the same time, should he fined £2, it being intimated that lie will be removed to another gaol of less importance than the Braidwood gaol. 