THE WASTE LANDS COMMITTEE. The report of this Committee has been brought up, and forcibly recalls to memory the story of the mountain in labor. It is, indeed, a most lame and impotent conclusion to a most I elaborate and (we fear) costly as well as pro tracted enquiry. But it is just what might have been expected, when a Committee was chosen almost to a man opposed to the object which the mover of the Committee had in view. The Chairman's draft report is Baid to have been mutilated beyond precedent: its main facts, arguments, and recommendations being wholly cutout, and the merest ghost of the original document retained. We will not, however, go more at length into the question at present, but merely give the following wretched remnant of a report, based upon a mass of evidence far exceeding the usual bulk of our too bulky " minutes." "Yonr Committee having examined a large number of witnesses, more or less intimately acquainted with the Crown lands, and the mode of disposing of them, report as follows'- — •' i. The fact that the land available for agriculture fi limited in extent, has been brougnt prominently before your Committee. Host of Hie witnesses exam'ned testify to the tact, that from one-half to three-fifths of the available a?ricnUural land has already been alienated—the quantity sold being about three million acres, and that rematainp unsold being variously estimated at from two to three mil lions of acres. ?'2. The evidence proves that parties frequently combine in order ro prevent fair competition at tie land sales; bat it will be seen from the evidence why your Committee have been unable to bring the matter borne to the parties con cerned. "3 The evidence also shows that individuals, not recog nised land agents, attend the sales for nj other purpose Uian to secure a bonus, by opposing intending purchasers. "2. It appears that it is customary for purchasers to give commissions to more than one land agent on lands pur chased. In order to prevent competition. •?5. It appears from the evidence of agriculturists and others that it is desirable in some instances to survey larger sections, in order that those who wish to combine agriculiure with grazing may have an opportunity of doing "e. Yonr Committe therefore recommend — ••First—That the demand should be carefully watched, and the land only offered for sale as required. "Secondly—That the plan for some time adopted of only surveying and selling land within hundreds should lie strictly adhered to. "Thirdly—That, in all future surveys of land, a con tinuous line of sections elionld be reserved adjacent to main roads, in accordance witb the plan occasionally adopted of late, for the purpose of enabling persons to bring stock to market. "Fourthly—That, when it is decided to offer lands in any particular district, finch a quantitjr should be offered at one sale as will ensure a larger attendance ot buyers than would be secured if a small number of sections arc offered for sale in different parts of the colony. "C. D. Goode, Chairman. "Committee Koora, July 24,1865." 