rT'T^n;]^)» tenancy. ii'ivm --?-??''« '?'?'??) ? riiAi-wT. r. ?l,-t,;.r_'o-l-n- winch 1 am about to H i' '?!?- -i sin ivt period at the close I:::!; ,r,,ii K I-,., J Miiivti'H, solicitor, tlien aysd K- ;'. ],.,,! ju,.t returned iVoin a con I'V ''| li:ii-. 'l-Vfoi-o leaving London 1 K1' ? '] !;ii;illv to (init the chambers ? i |,,d i.wioudy ..ccupied there : ?C, :.,,, l,-ick tii liuvi), tberclore, 1 was ^B)'',!,' )?'-??: a homeless man. ^?j'l'i ?'' t'lu circiiui.il.iiio.'S 1 gladly availed ^K'j' Or a kind oiler made to me by ^?(ii friui'd, a l)rot!ier of my partner. ^?]^iwd me to take u[i my abode at bus H,C which was situated in a village ^BRi; iij;Jl;s from London. Here, he as ^Ej iiu', I was heartily welcome to re Hju until 1 could find new quarters in ^K,, Although ho and his family wore |R- Jibsi'iit i'i-'ia htmic, he wrote begging ^E' |,.i make myself comfortable at t!ie ^E,r --, ndiiiug that l(p had instructed his ^K-:iutL to show me every attention. ^?krtiimtion, 'no li-'ss thau necessity, ' led ^B 'iii accept the invitation. HcalhficUl HT ,ny native village ; and, although my ^Kf:vi-H iind long left the neighbourhood, ^Bir.il irioiids of my boyhood still resided |K:v There was for me, moreover, ^Killn'i' and a sliil stronger attraction to K- ;liicc. ^?lliail scarcely stepped upon the plat ^Bvii i'i' the Heathfield Railway Station. ^Rcn Stanhope, an old chum of mine, ^BLliverert me, and, after a few minutes' ^KvifSiitiun, Ijesgcd me to come to a ball ^?l.is father's bouse that evening. It was ^K sister's 21st birthday, and there would ^K ,-i lame gathering of our common. ^?quaintauccs. I must excuse the brevity ^f the notice, for ho was dctcrmiued not to H me uff. ^1 1'or reasons of my own I had no wish ^?nt be should, and accepted the invitation, ^Kcr dinner and a nap at the Grange, I ^Kssed iiud joined the Stanhopes' party. ^?it was a brilliant entertainment, and, ^Bico the expectation which had chiefly led ^?e to participate in it was not disappointed, ^Bfouml it enjoyable. I soon discovered ^?nungst the guests the lady wliom I most ^ksircJ to sec, and ere long Edith Arnold ^Hes by my side, evincing, as I hoped, by ^K manner, a pleasure in my society ^Biiiiku' to that which I was myself experi ^?xing iu her own. I secured her as my ^?artmir for several dauces ; and I fannied ^?ic never looked so happy as when I ^?aiuicd her, nor so sad as when I resigned Her to another. H Encouraged by these tokens of her Hivour, I began to entertain the idea of Hwakiug to her an important declaration. Buch a treasure as Edith, could not, I Belt confident, long remain unclaimed. If H would possess her I must lose no time, B Again the leant upon my arm. H ' There is,' I remembered ' a tide in Hk affairs of men,' Reflecting thus, I Bjfcv my partner into a conservatory which Binned from a saloon adjoining the dauc B»g-room. H We paced this conservatory for some B''i' in coinjjany with many other couples. B^'bc retreat was likely to be popular, for it Bad been arranged for the occasion with Buich taste, and its general aspect was B/rautifiil and elegant in the extreme! Bukiured lamps shone like glittering gems Bbvve; while fountains fiuug up diamonds Br«w beneath, amidst feathery fronds and. Bunted blossoms. ? But gradually the promenaders thinned ; Bud at length, although after what space of Biuic I cannot say, I found myself alone ?with Edith. I led her to a couch which ?hi been jilaced at that end of the con ?tervatory furthest from the drawing-room, ?rad seated uiyself beside her. ? Having proceeded so Sir, I confess t ?tad it difficult to advance further, and B? embarras3ing silence convinced me that ?i was a bad hand tit making au offer. ?When at last I opened my lips, it was only ?to experience, with painful vividness, the ?truth that ^ ' I a AYord,Sl like Nl*»re, l-alf reveal I If ti coneeal the SmX witlliD ?ay altering, roundabout observations ?seemed just rudely to sketch the outlines ? « my passion, and at the same time grossly ?to obscure its finer lineaments. ? Meanwhile Edith listened pensively. As m drew near to the climax of my address, m naturally turned to wateh her fece. And ? i might wcU be pardoned for seeking ? luspirauoii iuid encouragement from such a ImZi' ,AdeqUately to Pa^t those eyes ? Md cheeks, au artist would have needed to IriL j 'r0' '*- PignwntB of summer I U t i molteu 'PPle-blossom ; aud the ? to forehead Kleamed out amidst rippling IS fret!vork- The countenance alto I £^,cr wa8 ««leed one of rare beauty. li ?1bImds- '''k shut out the ? U -^ht and Pleaaantly.enhanced the Um wjtlnn. Ncv us was a door (leading IS \ Which was »«ft exposed, that it I bZl,^ ? ?lUfnud' tLe ''curtained entrance I '^ visiblo to me. I blad!111 '1S^nt there aPPearcl amidst the I 6^ T ^ surrounded with pale l«Sl,flUd,glariuS UP'» '» ™th an I cEe malevo^nt «** fiendish in the I 'Jfati V^** my **^ Z 6tartcd to I J«7tc^clalIulnguucoufe'ously:— I ^^h aud ministers tf Jw defend N^SugSn^mdd°y0U^?'Crici biSHilS? i?deed'' r answered »i» hshkt n0tbi0S UnUSUal '''tli^swt ^Wltaessed' when Editl1'8 a«»ats .Tf *? m° the coaservatoiy, and in ^ ISy??0* told her dauShter 0lJy hS«T th1crefore' ^'nied away not KwTf TM ^l'lete mystoo'of »asc of if! ? X ^^d explaui the strange ^Slouk^''^1^011- Withawouder ^^er IaT* h'7- Editli Allowed %'nsa& ? ^^edondexcileiat Tie*. lX^™lyJ*rmil2ati-)n ofo»'- inter walked io:ur1 the garden towards the con | .-crvatory, in order, if possible, to discover - Milne solulinn to the visu;il eni»ina which I had just been prnpnundod t» me. Uut all i w:is dark and still. The lowering sky ! iiluuuied the whole pu'dcu into uiui'orin bliuknebs, and the chill daiiiji wind seemed to whiaper across llie jawu that no liviri' crratiirc save myself was wandering there! I now ruuriud to the Grunj.'p, but could not niiliteratu fio;n my brain the dreadful impression that had been stamped upon it. A fact there was, ton, connected with the vision which perplexed me beyond measure. I seemed, in some inexplicable way, to be familiar with the comitciutnce. Although conscious that I had never before seen it under its lute appalling as pect, I felt sure that it was not wholly strange to me. 1 called upon my memory to account for this, but to no purpose ; and retired to my room with au aching heart, and a puzzled brain. CHAPTER II. The Grange was au Elizabethan build ing, quaint aud solemn, and the chamber allotted to me forcibly exemplified these characteristics. Had I been superstitious, I should, I think, have entered the room with misgivings, for assuredly its wains coted walls and deep recesses were precisely those surrouudiugs for which ghosts are supposed to have a preference. I was too much occupied, however, with actual grievances to be influenced by imaginary terrors ; and the extraordinary appearance which I had lately witnessed, instead of fostering in my miud vague dreads of new alarm, had simply laid a tax upon my understanding, which that understanding, in a matter-of-fact way, was labouring to discharge. I took the precaution of lighting a night-light, before getting into bed, antici pating, amidst my mental disquietude, a wakeful night. But it happened that I soon fell asleep, and forgot for a time both my love for Enith and the cruel interrup tion which I had met with in declaring it. I awoke with a start under the im pression that I had been spoken to. The words, which I can hear to this day, seemed to abide with me after their actual sound had ceased. To the reader they will appear perhaps as ridiculously grandiloquent as to me in the silent watches of that night they at first seemed unspeakably awful They were these : — ' Vile usurper ! How long shall the avenging angel's hand be stayed ? Vacate this domain — to which thou. hast no sha dow of a claim — vacate it ere two days shall have expired, or thy wicked life is forfeited.' Now, supposing that these words had been all — supposing that I had beeu called upon merely to account for the sound or fancied sound — I could easily have per suaded myself that I had simply been dreaming. But iu the subdued Ii«ht which trembled through the room, I saw — yes, reader, I affirm it solemnly — I saw imme diately before me the same demoniacal face which had suddenly appeared to me in the conservatory. Although while half awake I was seri ously alarmed by the apparition, I had im» sooner grasped my usual waking powers of mind than I recovered myself and sprang out of bed, resolving then and there to clear up the ugly riddle. But as I did so, the cause of my perplexity vanished. Standing upon the floor, wide awake, I arrived at the certain conviction that I was the sole occupant of the room. I now entered upon a weary process of mental cross-examination, in the hope of elicitiug from my confused impressions, facts on which to found some plausible theory as to what had occurred. Nor was I long in erecting such a theory. It struck me as probable that the servants, wishing (from motives quite conceivable) to get rid of me, had been playing me a trick. The tenor of the absurd words which had been addressed to me seemed to warrant the idea. I was puzzled, to be sure, to account, on this hypothesis for the first visitation. Cut I reflected again that the plotters might have, contrived the former appearance for the purpose of averting my suspicious from any one connected with the. Grange. Aud as to the fact that the fece which I had seen seemed curiously fa miliar to me, I disposed of the difliculty by imagining that the agent employed by these impudent aud stupid menials to personate their pretended ghost was 'some villager with whose features I had been familiar in my boyhood. I need scarcely say that, so soon as I believed myself to be the victim of praotical joking, I became angry. But I decided that the best way to take vengeance was to appear unconcerned, and simply to request, in the morning, that the trick might uot be repeated. Accordingly, I bottled up iny wrath, got into bed, and contrived to sleep soundly till daylight filled the room. The footboy ^v»ho waited upon me at breakfast — a i)ale-haired lad of seventeen — was uaturally an object of my scrutiny, since I, of course, imagiueJ that he must be in the plot from which I had suffered during *ke uight He was precisely like a cat j and, judging from his sly slits of his eyes andstcalthyinovemenfa, I could readily conceive him capable of any auiouut of underhand feline mischief But this esti mate of his character presently came to be modified. Before leaviug for London— wuere 1 was obliged to go early on account of a business appointment— I rang the . breakfast room bell, aud requested that all the servants mi-ht come in. Two females shortly made their appearance in company with the page, and a-ainst the whole party I proceeded to briuo'lny charge. After enlarging ou the foolish and dangerous nature of the sup posed joke with for greater warmth thau I Lid designed, I complete! my harangue with these words :— ' I regret if my pre sence iu the Grange is uuaccsptable, but having .received au invitation from th« master of the housa to stay here, it is my intention to do so. The foolish moans which some or all of you have employed to displace me would succeed with no one but a child or an idiot. I have to request, however, that these pranks may n«t be repeated. If they are, I shaU report the whole matter to your waster, who I doubt not, ou hearing it- will, out of regard for me, dismiss every one of you from his ser The indignant silence with which these wr.rd.i were received at mice convinced me that 1 had been hasty aud unjust. The servants looked at one another in pure as Uiiiifeluneut, and at uie with an expression which seemed to question uiy sanity. In a few minutes they clamorously and angrily denied the charge altogether ; ?whereupon, feeling the weakness of my position, J became somewhnt cowed, and uttered words — probably neither dignified norju dieious — betraying the puzzled condition of my miud. ' I do believe the fellow's mad,' ex claimed the cook augrily, as she followed her colleagues out of therooin,'s;lauinuugthe door behind her. iJad .' The word at first made me angry ; it then set me thinking. What if, after all, I were under some insane hallucination I Apparitions as vivid as mine had often been the result of cere bral disease. My hasty accusation of the servants seemed to give colour to the idea that my braiu was disordered. How un reasonable the charge had been ! How totally unlike the words of a domestic had beeu those bombastic expressious addressed to me in the night ! | How slight aud paltry altogether were the data upon which I had founded my suspicions ! At the very time when these thoughts were revolving in my mind, I happened to take up a large volume which lay upon a table near me. It proved to be that pain fully interesting book by Dr. Winslow — ' On Obscure Diseases of the brain and mind.' I opened the work at page 200, and my eye immediately full upon' the words : — ' The perceptive powers are often t/te first to yield.' Upon reading ths suc ceeding paragraphs, a horrible doubt of my own sanity rushed headlong into my miud. Had Ibeen able to remaininsolitude that day, I verily believe I should have lost iny reason. But T was obliged to go to town immediately ; aud a few hours of enforced attention to the details of a. complicated legal question drew away my attention from myself, and assisted me to recover my mental equilibrium. On, returning to the Grange in the eveaiug, I was received by the servants with a curt suspicious inanucr which annoyed me, and which disinclined me to attempt their conciliation. After dinner I wrote au ardent letter to Edith, and what I hoped was a judicious one to her father, and, designing that both should be de livered next day, I retired at au early hour to my hauuted bed-chamber. 'CHAPTER IU. Before, leaving town, I had provided myself with a bottle of laudanum, judgiug that, since it was possible my last night's visions had partially beeu tho result oi nervous excitement, a' timely narcotic might prevent a recurrence of such annoy ances. But I had not properly informed myself as to what quantity of the drug it would be suitablo for me to take ; I swallowed, therefore, what I now suspect was an inordinately large dose. I lighted a taper as on the previous uight, and kid mys;!f down, expecting to sleep soundly. But instead of sleep, the most extraordi nary sensations seked me. My soul seemed wrapped iu an atmosphere of delicious and ravishing happiness. Everything painful and annoying was eliminated from my thoughts ; aud although the perplexities ol the last tweuty-fom1' Louis were not for gotten, I could trace iu none of t'leui the slightest cause for distress or disquietude. Sweet memories of Edith floated through my soul ; aud even the apparitions of the previous night assumed the shape ol intensely, interesting phenomena, which I judged it a privilege to have witnessed, aud a pleasure, moreover, to study. My intellect, too, was woudrously lucid, I traced the most extraordinary affinities, and drew the subtlest logical distinctions with a clearness which astonished aud delighted me beyoud measure. This lasted long. I knew that the night was advancing, but I had no wish for sleep. A condition more enjoyable or desirable than that iu which I now found myself, I could not have conceived. While still experiencing these and in tensely pleasurable sensations, I, for. the third time, beheld the terrible object of my recent speculations. But uot a particle of fear now had place in my mind. I sat up in bed, gazed at the apparition, and calmly reasoned respecting it. At Jength I ad dressed it aloud. It replied to me iu language similar to that which it had employed ou the previous night, reminding me that half the period of my probation had already expired. I complained of the harsh decree, argued my innocence, and challenged my persecutor to substantiate the charges against my character upou which ciy cruel sentence had been founded. But the inscrutable being, without heeding my remonstrances, repeated the prophetic threat, and then 6ecmed to vanish through the wainscot - My happy feelings continued long after this visitation, and I regarded my predicted dissolution with perfect calmness and con tent. Not until daylight began to glimmer through the mullions of the window did drowsiness creep over me ; but when sleep actually commenced it held me with such tremendous power that I Jay iu & death like stupor till noon. Kepcatedly, as I afterwards learnt, the page came to call me; but all his eflforts had been insufficient per manently to arouse me from my slumber. At twelve o'clock I awoke in such dire mental confusion aud bodily discomfort as I had never beforo experienced, When the servant entered the ruom on my summons, he evidently regarded me with suspicion aud alarm. ' And what wonder !' I asked myself. 'My conduct this morning is enough in itself to suggest to him the idea of my lunacy, and I am sure my ap pearance must confirm the notion.' And now there fell upon my mind once more the painful suspicion that my reason was, indeed, deserting me. In spite of the opiate, I had actually seen the accursed vision again. That was a terrible fact that could uot be got over. I was as far off as ever from the solution of the mystery, save that dreadful one which uow again suggested itself to my miud. I dressed, went down, aud in a sort oi inechauical way, folded, addressed, and despatched my letters to Edith and hei ^^lier^^^^iiiiidjiiiadf^Myiiiaccl^t^jl^i town, and sank into a state of utter luourn fulii'.'M and despondency. Scarcely half an hour had elapsed, when the following note was placed in my hands : — ' Sir., — I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated yesterday, and also, on my daughter's behalf, of the com munication which you have addressed to her. .' In reply, I have to inform you that iny daughter aud myself are entirely agreed that your proposal is one which caunot be cutertaincd. ' I am, sir, ' Your obedient servant, ' Laukence Aunold.' This cold, curt reply to my letters struck upon my heart like lead. What iu the world could be the explanation of its chilly tone and the laconic style ? To tliis ques tion my suspicions supplied a ready answer. The tservunts had doneii. I had offended them, betraying at the same lime the fact of my mysterious visions. They had taken their vengeance by reporting me in the village as a man subject to insane delusions. Perhaps they were right ! At any rate, I kuew how readily such reports would fly about ; how likely they were already to have reached the cars of Mr. Arnold and his family. It was agonising to reflect, too, how, supposing this'to be the case, Edith would connect such reports with my extra ordinary conduct towards her ; aud how, setting the fact aud the rumours side by side, she would be ready to acquiesce in her father's decision. The Arnolds were com paratively recent comers to the neighbour hood ; they had consequently but little previous knowledge of me to set against these newly-raised reports; and thus, as.,1 saw with painful clearness, my chilly repulse wa,s fully to be accounted for. I had never before been in such a wretched dilemma as now. A suspicion of insanity, perhaps, is more difficult to dis ftrm than any other. Whatever your behaviour, it is certain to be construed iuto a new proof of lunacy. It was clear to me that every act of mine was now so inter preted at the Grange. It may be asked why I did not escape further annoyance by going quietly to a London hotel till I could find a settled home. Two considerations deterred 'mo : the possibility that, if I remained, I might get a further interview with Edith ; the determination not to be beaten by a paltry spectre. As my body gradually recovered from the effects of the over-dose, this determina tion grew stronger aud stronger. My spirits revived, my intellect became quickened. At evening I endeavoured dis passionately to review all that had oc curred, and to resolve upon some sensible and decisive lino of action. I was deterred from searching the house from end to end only by the remembrance that the servants would certiiuly take such an act as fresh evidence of my madness : and many ano ther scheme for the solution of the enigma flitted through my brain. The sudden recollection of the case of Thomas, second Lord Lyttelton, whoso end hud been foretold to him, I reuiumbtred, in a vision somewhat similar to my own, once more depressed and unnerved me ; and I was struggling hard :? gainst this reaction, when uiy attention was arrested by a knock at the fn5ut d-0.\ CHAPTER IV. A few minutes afterwards a card was brought to me. The gentleman whose name it bore had inquired for tho master of the house; but learning his absence, had asked to see any one who might be considered to represent him. I started at the sight of the name, which was familiar to me. Alfred Enderby was a young physician who, with his father, conducted a private lunatic asylum in the West i f England. He had formerly been an intimate friend of mine ; but some time had elapsed since our last meeting. I was annoyed and almost alarmed when I -first realised who had arrived, thinking that some oflScious Heathfield friend, hav ing heard of my spectral visitations aud strange manner, bad summoned a 'mad doctor ' to my aid. But upon reflection this seer.ied so unlikely, and further, as Euderby came into the room his surprise and delight at seeing me were so unmis takable, that I quickly laid aside my suspicions, aud gave him a most hearty welcome. A few words made clear to him the cause of my tenancy of the Grange. I asked him to explain his advent; but he told me that his story was longer than mine, and that with my permission he would wait a while before relating it He now inquired the cause of my sorry appearance. The question led me fully to narrate the circumstances which, during the last day or two, had been giving me so much uneasiness ; aud the relief which it afforded me to do so was great aud imme diate. He listened with an interest which manifestly increased as I proceeded. The earnest attention, indeed, with which ho heard the story, and the deep thought which it seemed to awaken in his mind, surprised me. I concluded my narration by saying : — ' So now, my dear follow, do if you can, enlighten me as to these strange visitations. At any rate, I hope you will uot do as people here have done — as I my self have onca or twice been inclined to do — pronounce me a madmau.' 'You are as sane as I am,' was the reply. ' Well,' I sa'd, 'it is a comfort to be told that by so experienced a judge as yourself.' ' I thiuk,' said the young physician, ' it is in my power to give you further comfort still ; to clear up altogether the perplexity under which you have been labouring.' I opened my eyes incredulously. ' Yes,' continued Euderby, ' such is the fact iudeed. Let me tell you first that your owu story relieves me from a doubtful anxiety which it has been the object of my journey to diepcL In return for this good service, I undertake, iu making known to you that object, to deliver you from your own dfficulty. I drew my chair to the doctor's side, for he spoke iu an undertone. ' You remeuiLer, probably,' he began, ' a family uauied Merivale, who formerly resided, as I am told, in this very house.' ht.od the daughters were p1u.ii my I'uia [?.1lliiill.-i.r' ' About ten years since,' my friend con tinued, 'at a (late later, J. Leiievc, than that at which y.m and your friends h.-ft tin1 village, this family met with reverses of foituue. 'Hie ruin, in fact, was complete They left the place, and a sale was held ;it this hoiue. 1 will briefly go through all the circumstances, although with many nf them you may already be familiar. ' The Jlerivalcs felt tho blow keenly. The father ;uij mother both died within a year of the date of their misfortunes, and these accumulated sorrows ailectcd the in tellect of the eldest daughter Catherine. She went to reside with some distant rela tives, who froui the date of the parents' death treated the orphans as their own daughters. Their kindness to poor Cathe rine was unbounded ; aud for a long time they endured her insane caprices, and be lieved that time would rectify her derange ment. At last, however, ;i dangerous outbreak convinced them that they could no longer pursue the course which their affection had dictated ; and Catherine Merivale was placed uader my father's care. ' Her madness now declared itself in a strange delusion. She imagined that her family had been forcibly expelled from their old home — this very house — and that it was her destiny and mission to execute the vengeance of Heaven against the unjust and merciless intruder. ' During the last few mouths the poor lady's health had apparently improved. She had become more calm than formerly ; and my father and myself both hoped aud believed that her euro would ultimately be effected. The restraints £at first imposed were gradually slackened, and she appeared still further to benefit by increased freedom. ' I am now satisfied that this more moderate conduct was tho result of that deep cunning which not unfrequeutly at tends madness, and that it was intended to disarm our suspicions aud facilitate an escape. Three days ago the poor woman suddenly disappeared from the asylum ; and her flight was accomplished in a man ner which displayed the most remarkable iugenuity and forethought. ' Until to-day we were on a completely wrong soent in the pursuit. This morn ing, however, while reflecting im the spe cial nature of Miss Mcrivale's delusion, it struck me as highly probable that she might have fled to Heathfield. By the help of au intelligent detective officer, I have verified my suspicions, and tracked the poor lunatic to this place. And now I have only to add that, from the descrip tion you give of your nightly visitations, I caunot doubt that she is under this very roof. The co.nparativo emptiness of the house, and her thorough Jujowledge of the premises, have no doubt facilitated her concealment. We have both of us cause for the deepest thankfulness to Providence that the intensity of her delusion — under which she regards herself as the avenging angel of the Most High — has led her to delay the deed of blood (which be sure she would have perpetrated at . last), and to Utter, by way of preface, pompous threat3 and prophecies iu token of her imagined divine commission.' Ou listening to this extraordinary narra tive, my feelings, as may be supposed, were those of mingled pity, horror, relief aud gratitude. All was now clear to me as day. The face that I had seen was, as 1 at last realised, unmistakably that of the Catherine Merivale with whom I had played as a. child ; and thus the painful burd«n of my late oppressive doubt was wholly removed. The poor lunatic had probably arrived at Heathfield the same evening as myself ; had watched me to the Stanhopes' aud back ; pursued me to my chamber — imagining me (the luckless visitor) to be the actual owner of the house, whom it was her mission to expel or destroy ! But no time was to be lost in discover ing _and securing the dangerous inmate. Her capture was accomplished by the de tective officer, who, under the instructions of iny i friend, personated with wonderfu skill and coolness a second avenging angel,' and drew the unhappy lunatic from her place of concealment by means of bombas tic phraseology, in which the counsel of a sister spirit was offered, aud co- operation in the act of vengeance assured. Tnus tho mad-woman's delusion was made to accom plish her capture. Once secured, she was treated with the teudcrest consideration ; aud when she had been removed to a place of safety (a neigh bouring asylnin) for the night, my friend returned to me, aud we examined together the rooms in which she had expatiated. The Grange, above the ground floor, was curiously divided into two almost dis tinct parts, each approached by a separate staircase. In the abseuc*»of the family, half of the house was unoccupied at night, save that the coachman slept iu one of its attics. My room had been situated in the other aud now more inhabited division, where were the rooms also of the indoor servants. A passage, seldom used, aud encumbered with lumber, united, as I now learnt, these two divisions, and opened by a singular sliding door in a panel of the wainscoting, into the very chamber where I had slept By this approach, therefore, doubtless well known to the lunatic, she had clearly entered my room. For all that we could discover to the contrary, she might have wandered over tho entire house at night. She had certainly visited the pautrics, to supply herself with the neces sary food. It will readily be conceived that, in the eyes of servants aud neighbours, I uow became a kiiid of hero. The former dropped their displeasure, aud addressed me with au affectionate familiarity (which I found it needful to check), anxious to be regarded as the partners of my Lite peril, aud the sharers of uiy escape ; the latter — to the full as demonstrative — over- whelmed me during the remainder of my occupation of the Grange with cards, in quiries, aud invitations. Since the strange reports concerning me had alone prompted that icy note from Edith's father, the facts which confuted those reports restored me to my previous position iu tho prudent pareut's estimation. Edith, moreover, took to her bed on my account, aud so inclined her papa for au oucuing of negotiations. My love for the tiiuiiy, anil to .v-i.w it with avidiiy. My j comfortable private immune- aud i'.u.- ju1'.- | fi^Monarpro.-peets at length tuid l'avoi.iUv i upon the suiin.-v.-li.'it calculating old yi-ntk1- j man : fo that when, having found ne-.v chamber.-;, 1 returned to toivn, my ' trim bled tenancy ' of the. Grange had yieldc 1 me _l\vo benefits, viz. : — the subject for a j story, aud (under paruntiil .sanction) the promise of a wife. EdWAIID WlJlTAKEn. 