MOORE COLLEGE, LIVERPOOL. .tit;- ..;¡v;-,f t-;t3i On Wednesday last tho foundation stono of tho now "Wing to this institution was laid -by his lordship ' tho Bishop of Sydney, in tho presonoo of a Humorous com- pany of visitors from. Sydnoy, Liverpool, and tho sur .rounding district ;. Among those prosont wore tho Very Bov. tho Baan of Sydnoy, tho Bov. T. Hassall, senior . chaplain of tho colony ; and -tho - Bov. Br. Tucker ; Alexander Stuart, Esq.,' and Francis Mitchell, ' Esq., trustees ; tho Bov. W. Lumsdaine, of Ashfield ¡ Bov. T. Kemmiss, of St Marks ; Bov. Stanloy Slitoholl, of Wavorloy ¡ Bov.'. U. H. Britten, of Randwick tho lost four gentlemen being old students of thoOollogb. Tho comrmny assembled at half-past ono whon his lordship, botoro laying tho stono, preached ' in the Collogo chapel an appropriate and iinprossivo sermon from 1 Cor. 3 ll-" For other foundation can no man lay_ than that is laid which is Jesus Christ." His lordship dwelt on tho particular attention which St Paul had paid to tho great mcrcautila city of Corinth, and tho marked success which had attended Iiis labours. That success had hoon gained, not by dressing ' his subject in tho subtle, but barron philosophy, which would, in thoso days, ? hnvo gained , him most applause,., but by oxi>orimontully preaching to the heart of each auditor about his personal interest in tho sacrifice of Christ, Thoso who trusted to sincerity, morality, a mistaken sonso of God's morey, a resting partly on their own own works for salvation, would find at thc day of .judgment how weak and vain was such a foundation. He saw before him some of tho oldest clergymen in the diocese, and their experience would coniirm his .own, that tho only way to win souls was to sot before .'them that salvation in which ho himself trusted. Ho ? saw boforo him also tho young men, who wero in duo ?timo' to carry God's word to diflorcnt parts of this groat continent ; and ho would tell them, that if they wished to gain that crown, which was looked forward to with such ossuranco by tho apostle, tho foundation spoken of in his text was tho ouly one upon which thoy could securely build. Let them bo assured that tho crown which would roward tho saving of a singlo soul would be moro glorious than any earthly prize. On adjourning to tho sito, tho Roy. Mr. HODGSON addressed his lordship and the visitors, expressing his sense of tho importance and responsibility of his position as principal. It waa to him a sourco of satisfaction nnd thankfulness that, in tho com- paratively short spaeo of . soven years, not fewer than twenty-two young clergyman had been sent forth from tho institution, well furnished for tho great work, all of whom, he believed,. wore building upon tho true' foundation so beautifully described by his lordship in tho discourse to which thoy had just listened. Tío (tho Principale then feelingly referred to Ids friendship with tho bishop in tho old country, and concluded by expressing his confidenco that tho institution would meet with continued and increasing success. Ho then handed tho mallet and trowel to his lordship, who - won'; through tho usual form and declared tho stone to bc well and truly laid in tho nanto of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost Tho BISHOP then stated his satisfaction at tho results already obtainod, and also' that thora wero marks of a chango of feeling in different parts of tho colony, which led him to hopo for an increased supply of students. Without this institution ho must despair of supplying tho religious wonts of this country, as it was a matter of groat difficulty to obtain clergymen from homo.' Ho hud known tho rov.. tho Principal in England, and had chosen him. to' fill tliis responsible position, as he <thc Bishop) was .woll. aworo that that gentleman ?would train up those undor his chargo to build upon none but tho true 'foundation. Ho thought it had boen ono ot tho greatest blessings of God to theso colonies, that such a man had been secured ; and ho took this opportunity of oxprossing his wann appreciation of him ns a valued porsonni friend, and his perfect confidenco in his management of tho institution. On'leaving tho ground, tho visitors partook of luncheon ana returned to Sydnoy by tho «Ve o'clock train, wolf pleased with tho proceedings, which woro, throughout, of a most interesting^ character. Moer J Collcgo is undoubtedly an institution rd mimbly conduotcd, and of growing usefulness. Tho students receive a sound education, and aro trained to tho ministry by being on Sundays employed in con ?ducting tho services of tho church in tho neighbouring ..chapels-Smithfield, Irish Town, Holsworthy, and tho Benevolent Asylum. So that unlike tho clergymen at homo, who leave Oxford, Cambridge, ic, quito inex- perienced in pulpit duties, &c;, tho candidates hore aro fitted boforo ordination for their important calling. The institution was endowed by tho lato Thomas Mooro for tho purpose of a college, in connection with tho Church of England, but tho endowment f imd is now very small, and thorcforo funds havo to bo col- lected to supplement Mr. Moore's bounty; howovor as th« Bishops of Melbourne, Goulburn, and, Now castlo aro all identified with tho institution, there can bo no apprehension of any failure for want of funds. Tho beginning of this work is simple mid unpretending, and has, thoroforo, probably a promise of growth mid endurauco, which is not always tho caso in this colony whon great attempts aro made under tho iniluonco of a present excitement to raise up soma costly institution to gratify our national vanity. This is ono of real .utility. 