ST. FRANCIS XAVXEiR'S HALL. c j—V. K.A The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of theSt. Francis Xavier's Hall, in connection with the Catholic Institute; took place on Assumption Day, August 15. -Prior to the-ceremony proper,High Masswas celebrated, in, the Cathedral. The Rev. T. Bomgaerts officiated as High Priest, the Rev.- Michael O'Connor as Deacon,-the Rev; Chas; von, I der Heyde as Siib- Deacbri, and the Rev. P.' T. Russell as Master of Ceremonies. The mass having been concluded, the above,named rev. gentlemen conducted , the Yery Rev. John Smyth'Administrator -Apostolus to the acre adjoining the Cathedral eastward, where the new. Hall will stand. The usual attendants, carrying the incense, holy water, &c.;, formed.a partOf the prooession. Arrived-on the platform in front of the stone, Mr. Malcolm Henry. Davis advanced and read^the'following address: *j fr To the Rev. John Smyth, Ad. Aps. ' > " We, the Catholios of Adelaide, assembled to-day, on the auspicious occasion of, laying the, foundation-stoneyof a building which we hope-arid beheve will greatly conduce to the edification and enlightenment of the Catholic community, cannot pillow this opportunity to pasB without testifying in some degree the high respect and esteem in which we hold you a# oUr pastor. ; " Io-oommemoration of the event, and as most appropriate to the present occasion, we beg your acceptance of the ac companying testimonial." '' The address, was signed .on behalfipf the Catholics;gene rally bylMessrs. Malcolm Henry Davis, J. W. Egari, S. Pearse Creagh, J. J. Cronin.^A. McDonald, L. Shinners, Michael Mcilullen, Patrick Fitzpatriok, E. McEUister, John George Daly, W. McNamee. ; V\ .■ Mr. E. W. Wright, one of the architects, said he had been ideputed-on; that occasion to • request the Rev. Mr. Smyth's acceptance of a trowel, with which might lay the fouridattori'-atonc of that building; He hoped he would keep it as a memento of that exceedingly auspicious occa sion, and that in after years he would look upon It with delight as' being the instrument with which: was laid the foundation-stone of a building, upon-which his congregation would look with pride,, and also as a mark of ..the esteem , which they had for him. He trusted- that-'that -might not-1 be the last occasion upon whioh he would have to use It. Mr. Wright then handed the trowel to the Rev. Mr. Smyth, who said—Gentlemen, you may rest assured that ;I. feel deeply gratified, with, this ? beautiful, gift, upon this, as, you have jnstlydescfibed .it, very auspicious' occasion. T hope in future years—for I shall treasure it long—that the remembrance of this beautiful gift will help to cement between myself and my congregation those feelings which should and have always subsisted between us as Pastor and people.; You will please say to the gentlemen who deputed you, Mr. Wright, to present me with this troweli that I- return -them and you my sincere thanks., . , - The trowel,'which was supplied by Mr. John Davis,.was elegantly chased, and bore the following inscription, which was very nicely engraved:—"A.M.D.G. . Presented to .the Very Rev; John Smyth,- Ad. Aps.,,on.the occasion; i>f laying the foundation-stone" of StvFrancis Xavier's Hall, Adelaide, on the Feast of the Assumption, 1865." The Administrator Apo stolic then commenced reading^ the Latin service from the- Pontifical ritual. The rev, gen tleman then descended^ the platform, and, crossing tjje stone on each side, repeated the words—" In nomine Patris, et Filio, et Spiritus Sanoti, Amen." He then read.the.foh-. lowing translation.of the document,, which, with a number; of medals and coins; w'er'e .placed^In -the bottle, to be deposited, under the stone:—"On~the'Festival' of the . AkBumption ofthe Blessed Virgin Maty to Heaven,. 1865^, in the year of'the Pontificate of Pius Pope IXr, the-'20th; !of Victoria, the first Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the 28th; Sir Dominic Daly, being Governor of the Provinoe; the See of Adelaide being vacsnt ; a large concourse of people being present; the assisting Priests being Patrick Thomas - Russell, .Theodor Bomgaerts, . Charles von der, Heyde, Michael O'Connor, and C.' A. Reynolds; ; the : Very. Rev. ■ John . Smyth, • Administrator Apos tolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this foundation , stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall." The stone was then :duly;laid/ the rev, gentleman saying" In the; faith of •Jesus Christ we place'this first stone of, this foundation in. the name of the Father, of -the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.1 that here, through faith, may flourish the fear of . God and brotherly love; that this place may be destined to invoke and praise the;name of. our-Lord "JeSus Christ, who, with Father and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns one God for ever andever. Amen." ' ' ' The stone having been properly iadjusted, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, with the priests and .attendants, walked round the foundations,"reading the' service of consecration, the Choir, in the meantime, singing " Miserere!" On retaining to the platform the rer.'gentleman addressed the people. .He said they had commenced a work that day whioh ne might say was second 'only to the Cathedral adjoining. The Catholios had for many years been desirous of doing much good in Adelaide, but from want of a room in which-to work they had been compelled either to leave it : undone or to only half.finish it. Works -the direct offspring of the doctrines of the Catholic Church—had sprung up around them, and the Catholic ideas had taken root, but these ideas had only been able to -rise to the surface or attain such growth as healthy .-plants-could attain-in a limited, space. It had been . felt this Jong- time that a room -was required for%ork which, although it could not'be appro priately donein the cathedral or the cburgh, \yas still of a. religious'.character. They wanted a room,; and they deterr mined to have a room, and "they were accordingly met to lay the foundation-stone of the building which was required. Large and- beautiful, as it would be, it would hardly afford the accommodation whioh was required. 'He could truly say that very few rooms ever had so. much work before it as St. Franois Xavier's Hall. The Catholic Young Men's Sooiety wanted a plane to hold theh? monthly meetings, lectures, readings, and recitations,-, -They, wanted, a. place also for their quarterly soirees; which ; were. giyen for instruction and amusement. Besides this, a reading room was very much required, and a library,,, which oould be--, easily— acquired- if there, was, a place to keep it, A rich Catholic library would very shortly be formedin St. Franois Xavier's Hall, where the young men of the plty mjight spend an hour or two very usefully. Why, also, should they nbt^have a museum? They were so circum stanced as to be enabled to bring together without much trouble many, of the produots of this beautiful country, and speoimens also from their rich mines, which the young meq. \- might study, and thus learn to love more and more this the land of their'birth or adoption! That Hall.would also have to afford accommodation for the instruction of the young people of the. flock. . The lambkins, of tlje fold would \- there1' receive ' the -rudiments - of;: education, without. any danger of perversion from the faith in which they were baptized- .There they would meet under the .im mediate superintendence ofthe Christian Brothers to receive their education, and they, would go home, again without causing any doubt in the'mirid'of the father of mother that their child's faith had'been tampered with bstweeq thp morning and evening. The Hall would bear the^same name as the Cathedral—the name of the great Catholic missionary of India—andj'Jike twin sisters, they would, act upon each "other reciprocally! He said' at the beginning that they found themselves as persons in- confinement ;in a dungeon wbifih was, too IqWjUnd top short for either an upright or recumbent position. ana they determined to force through it.1 They had begun the work, and there should not be a farthing of debt upon the. building when it was finished. They could see! tfceir way plear pQ alrqost the last farthing 5 but, of course, he spoke this calculating upon the assistance which was usually afforded when the foqndatipn-stoqe of a . building was laid. This building had peculiar claims, not only on the Catholio part, but also on the whole of the com munity; It was a blessing in .their midst and an ornament to their city, and he trusted' all would therefore give ! acoording .to their generosity and conscience in aid of St. Francis Xavier's Hall. He then Invited persons, to lay their offerings on tbe-Stone. ... —. — • \ The large sum of £fl 12s. was then laid upon the stone, and the ceremony concluded. . " ■ The proposed Lectuferropm will be?0 by 85 feet, and the height from the floor to the ridge will be ^8 feet.- Committee and Reading rooms will be attacbedt- the measurement of which will be respectively 15 feet by 16 feet 6 Inches, arid 16 feet 6 inches by 19 feet 6 inches. There will be an open timber roof, oovered with slate, arid the curved ribs.will rest upon corbies. Ao ornamental, iron ridging will run along the top of the roof. The walls will be of Glen Osmond stone, pointed, with brick quoins. As the front elevation ViU fape the norfh-thepe will be no windows, so as to keep the buildiDg as cool as possible, but there will be six bays1 ori eaoh side. ; The style of architecture will be the early English, and there will be little ornamentation. The price for, the _present: -contract, which does not inislade the Committee and Reading, rooms, is £1,553, and the " whole building is likelytq be finished in.flva op six months. The architects, are Messrs, Wright Jfc Woods, and thg builder Mr. M. McMullen. ; ■ : We may mention that photographs were taken of the scene at the time the Rev.: Mr. Smyth was layingthe atone. : 