Mistelianefius. Crossing the Atlantic ih a. Boat. — On- £nn day, tbe 26th Jane, the miniature brig * Vision,* the smallest craft that has ever ;et attempted to cross the Atlantic, departed from tiie Battery at New - York direct for Liverpool. She sailed out in gallant style with colours firing, manned by a crew consist-.; ing of John C. Donovan, and his dog Tobj, ainft- one man, named Williams, from lUiode- itflu&V; Her departure was witnessed by a ia^ge^mmtMsr «f f people, 'who remained, tiesgme ma iateaee^Mw^ until the vessel became a epeck «n thef$i||&- Yesterday we received information that &B;±%k^t- \- from Qaebec, to London, had epoken^to^fe craft at sea, she being then^St daw^||i|i§|| reached lat.45aeg. lOmi^ W^ io^ 5S^W^^^ ttr* ??Wno ^ *as David f Boy s «3'he son of &»&, BbdJQng of ttmeL' Inspector £' Who was Jessie?' Boy ; « Tbe lower of Dunblane.' ??-? ' TsAXgiro&KAXioN.;— Afterachickeu has gone to tOOSt, tf you,' open the hen-house door you will find it a.jbtbl-ix-peaee. Bbbr. — What's the difference between Bad -Beer, Ginger Beer) and Good Beer ? — They are cespec jtftely All Slop, All Fop, and All-sop. In the course of an examination for the degree of ifcAi tdider an examiner whose name was Payne, one of die questions was ** Give a definition of happinfias ;' to which a candidate returned die fol lowing laconic answer : ** An exemption from Ba^rne.*' A grammarian conjugated the increasing heat in somewhat the following style :— ?* Hot, hotter, hot test i howentot, hottcntoter, hottentotest ; hotten totissimo, hottentodssimns ; hot as an oven* hot as two ovens, hot as four ovens, hot as seven ovens I' How comfortable to contemplate this weather 1 At a grand fSte given by a noble lord, his lord* ship's tailor was present, whom he thus accosted, ?- Sly dear sir, 1 recollect your face, bat cannot remember yoar name.' M I made your breeches,' whispered the tailor. His lordship, taking him by the hand* said aloud, ' Major Bridges, I am very glad to see you.' While a country parson was preaching, the chief Of his parishioners, sitting near the pulpit, was fast asleep ; whereupon he said, ' Now, beloved friends^ I am in a great strait j for if I speak too softly those at the farther end of the charch cannot bear Sne, and if I talk too lond I shall wake the chief sum in the parish.' In for a Speculation.— A man in Cleveland, Ohio, fell asleep at church a Sunday or two ago, and woke juSt as the minister began to read, in a lond voice, the lesson of Scripture which begins \- Surely there is a vein for the silver* and a place for gold where they find it.' Jumping to his feet in great excitement, the merchant stretched his arm and shook his book at the astonished minister^ pyrinimitifr, ♦? m take five hundred shares I' Mr Philip Thicknesse, father of the late Lord Andley, being in want of money, applied to his son for assistance* This being denied, he immediately hired a cobbler's stall directly opposite his lord ship's house, and put up a board, on which was inscribed* in large letters, u Boots and shoes mended in the best and cheapest manner, by Philip Thick* nesse, father of Lord Audiejv' His lordship took the hint, and the board was removed. A Habd Hit. — There are several anecdotes related of Dr. Whately'a attempts to eradicate the fceeds of disunion sown in the vineyard of Dublin by \- industrious predecessors* and of his desire to lop off such oflshoots of illiberal feeling as occasionally flung themselves forth before him. The caustic tray in which he snubbed a young aide-de-camp, who at one of the castle levees asked, apropos of Dr. Murray, who wore a cross, what was the difference between a fioman Bishop and a jackass, was very characteristic 'One wears the cross upon his back* and the other upon his breast,' explained the A JXC. ' Do you know the difference between an aide-de- camp and a donkey ?' asked Dr. Whately. ?*No,' said the' other interrogatively. 'Nor I either,1' was the reply. Dr. Cumming is sail to be the writer of a series Of letters to the ' Times' on beesi On the above fact an epigram appears in the ' Scotsman' ;— ' Cumming, the little busy bee, Improves the nhiming iiour. By writing letters to the ' limes' On honey, wax, and flower. ♦? Oh, that this seer of Eaath's doom, . In love to those upon it, Would fumigate the hive that fills His Caledonian bonnet.' Archdeacon Dbkison. — At the recent East Brent Harvest Home festival the Archdeacon said — *' Lest there should be any one left out in that great assembly, lest there should be any one able to po away and say ' my health was not drunk/ he would propose a toast which he had written down, for fear he should not remember it, and it was this : — ' * Here's a health to all those that we love, Here's a health to all those that love us, Here's a health to all those that love them That love those that love them That love us.' (Protracted cheers and laughter.) In compliance with the President's wish, the guests greeted the humorous toast with ' all the cheers they had left in them.'' A Tendek Epistle. — The following letter was the cause of much amusement, on being read during the trial of a recent breach of promise of marriage case : — ' My dear sweetest Ducky, — I am so happy to bear from you so often — it affords me sL-h grate plesher. You always was so deer to me I hope you will sane be deerer. You know I never hinted nothing about marriage and I never mean to — take your own time for that. I shal always remember the old sayin, procrasinationistbe theef of time, but mother see nothing should be done in a hurry but ketchin fleas. The fondest wish of my heart is that we may soon becoms one. Do yon ever read Franklin's Extracts— his remarks concerning mar riage is delitefuL Our hearts, he sez, onght to assemble one another in every expect ; they ought to be hetergenious so that oar union may be mixed as well as uniting — not like oil and water but tee and shugar. Truly I can feel for the mortal Watts when he says : — The rose is red the vilets blew Shugars sweet and so are you. Mother sez matrimony is better to tliink upon than the reality! I remain till death or marriage, your own sweet candy, Mary Ann. U.B.— I had a knssin married last month, who sez there aint □?- true enjoyment tut in the married state. Your sweetis dove, &Luu;' Ann. P.fcn — i hope you will let me know what you mean to do as there is ioar ?r fire other fellows after me hot foot, and I shall be quite oneasy till I here. Your lover swete, Mabt Ann.' A Fine Couhtet fob Doctoks. — In Beloo chistan, when the physician gives a dose he is expected to partake of a similar one for himself, as a guarantee of hfe good faith. Should the patient die under his hands, the relatives, though by no means exercising it in all circumstances, have the right of patting him to deatb^ unless a special agreement has been made freeing him from all responsibilities as to consequences ; while he, should they decide on immolating him, has no reasonable ground for complaint, bat is expected to submit to his fate like a mam To convert an artless maiden into a heartless one, there only wants a u he*' Somebody says that the cream upon milk is the only article that has not risen of late. Thb Biter BiTTENk-^The following story is in circulation, the scene being laid somewhere in Hertfordshire, the date recent. A paid a sum of Inoncy exceeding £2 to B, who gave a receipt, to which, however, he neglected to affix a stamp. A accordingly informed against B, who was fined £20, and half the penalty being dne to the informer A, the officials ot the Inland Revenue 6ent him a cheque for j£10. A at once sat down to write a polite Bcknowldgement, and a receipt, but he was so overcome with delight that he forgot the inevitable Stamp. A was fined £-25 for omitting to stamp his receipt, and so lost £15 by his sharpness^ —Itertford Mercury. A Modern Miracle. — A singular trial has taken place at Madrid. A soldier was cited last week before the police court for having stolen a gold cup of considerable value which bad been placed as a Votive offering on one of the numerous altars dedicated in that city to the Virgin. The soldier at once explained that, he and his family being in great distress^ he had appealed to the Holy Mother for assistance) and that while engaged in prayer and contemplation of the four millions' worth of jewels displayed on her brocaded petticoat, she stooped, and, with a charming smile, banded' him the golden cup. The explanation was received by the Court in profound silence, and the case handed over to the Ecclesiastical Commission,' to whom it at once occurred that) however inconvenient the admission of the miracle might be, it would be highly impolitic to dispute its possibility*' TThey therefore gave the \- cop to the soldier, at the same time solemnly warn ing htm for the future1 'against similar favours from images of any kind, and impressing him with the conviction that the 'vTrrgin required profound silence foam him, as a proof of bis gratitude. V An AtoericanJafcior thus distinguishes between -. flifiereot sortis^of patriotism; — 'Some esteem it :\\. ??*!*« to Hie 'for one's country) others regard it sweeter to live for one's country; bat most of oar patriots hold it sweeter to live upon one's country.' What is that useful article of commerce which nobody wishes to produce, which; however, every body produces* and which is produced in large quantities ?— The Rag. One of Henry Fox's jokes was that played off on Mrs ? , who had a great fondness tor making the acquaintance of foreigners. He forged a letter of recommendation to her favour of a German noble man, the Baron Yon Seidlitz Powders, whose card was left at her door, and for whom a dinner was immediately planned by Mrs - — -. and an invitation sent in form. After waiting a considerable lime, and no baron appearing, the dinner was served ; but during the second course a note was brought to the lady of the house with excuses from the baron, who was unexpectedly prevented from attending by the death of his aunt, the Duchess Von Epsom baits, which she read out to the company, without suspi cion of the joke, and to the entertainment of her guests, among whom was the author. 44 Mr Spargeon/* says the 'Bury Post,* 'has: recently been preaching in the town of Bury St. ' Edmund's. Accompanied by several of his lien s j he visited the well-known magnificent church of St Mary's when the following elegant colloquy took place. Mr Spurgeon, seating himself on a free bench, thus addressed the Church Scripture-reader : — Mr Spurgeon. — 4 Do you allow smoking here ?' Scripture- reader. — ? What do you mean, sir V Mr Spurgeon. — 'Oh, I thought you did, as I see a spittoon.' Scripture-reader. — ??* A spittoon, * sir !' where, where ?' Mr Spurgeon. — 4 Why, there, (pointing to a very beautiful lull-sized font, erected by 'he late Mr Cottin^ham.) Scripture-reader, — * spittoon, sir ?' J*r jspurgeon.-^-* Spittoon — yes, jes 1 ' (Exit the Scripture reader, indignant, leaving Spurgeon alone admiring his own wit).' A matrimonial advertisement from a gentleman, embodying the usual request that applicants should enclose their cartes de visite, attracted the attention of a young lady addicted to ' fun.' In the post script to her letter in reply to the advertisement, she observed : — ' I do not inclose my carte, for although 1 have heard of such a thing as putting a cart before a horse, I do not care to establish the precedent of putting a carte before an ass.' Some Hints on Etiquette — (f£ou the New York: dat book.) — Before entering a drawing room, look through the keyhole to see who's there, and adapt yonr style to your company. If announced by any other name than your own, correct the servant publicly, and should it be a boy in buttons, kick him. Should any stranger in the company observe that 'it is nne weather,' wink slyly Jnd say, ♦'yon musn't tell.' Thus you wili gain a character for Mution and secrecy. If yon have not been introduced to a lady with whom you are desirous of speaking, address ber as 4 What's-your- name.' N.B. — There are exceptions to this role. Dancing a waltz by yonrself is generally set town to vanity or misanthropy, therefore 'tis best lvoided. Should you bump against other couples in a Sauce, grumble horribly at your partner, and refuse lo give her any refreshment. On recognising a lady in the street whom you have seen at a party on the previous night, cry out. ' How are you, eh ? — all right ?' You can jocosely allude to her excessive dancing by a tender inquiry as to the state of her poor feet. Should she not courteously answer your questions, set her down for a bloated aristocrat, and pass on. A Dublin journal observes that a handbill an nouncement of a political meeting in that city, states, with boundless liberality, that the ' ladies, without distinction of sex, are cordially invited to attend.' Uow to meet a Bankrupt — Take no note of him. One of the Sermons before the Breaking out of the War in Ameri ca. — The Register published at Br addon, Miss., gives a partial report of a sermon preached a few weeks since at Waterproofs, not far from Brandon. It is to be regretted that the whole sermon was not preserved* The following paragraphs show the spirit of the preacher : — ' I may say to you my breethering, that I am not an edecated man, an' I am not one of them as bleeves that edecation is neces sary fur a gospel minister* fur I bieeve the Lord edecates his preachers jest as be Wants 'm to be edecated, an', although I say it that oughtn't to say it, yet in the State of Indianny, whar I live, thar'u no man as gits a bigger congregation nor what 1 gits. 'Thar may be some here to-day, my breetbren, as don't know what persuatiou I am uv. Well, I may say to you, my breethring, that I am a Hardshell Baptist. Tbar*s some folks as don't like the Hardshell Baptists, but I'd rather hev a hard shell as no shell at all. You see me here to-day, my breethring, drest up in dne close; you mout think £ was proud, but I am not proud) my breethring, and although I've been a preacher uv the G-ospel for twenty years, an* although I'm capting of that flat boat that lies at yure landing, I'm not proud, my breeihring. ' I am not gwine to tell you edzuchly whar my tex may be found; suffice it to say, it's in the leds of the fiil-le, and you'll find it, somewhar 'tween the first chapter of the book of Generation and the last chapter of Revolutions, and ef you'll go and sarch the Scriptures, as I have sarched the Scriptures, you'll not only find my tex thar, but a great many other texes as will do you good to read* an* my tex, when you shili find it to read thus : — * and he played on a harp of a thousand strings— sperits of just men made perfeck.' ' My text, breethring, leads me to speak of sperits. Now, thar's a great many kinds, of sperits in tbe world — in the first place, thar's the sperits as sum folk call ghosts, then thar's the sperits uv turpen time, aud then thar's the sperits as some folks calls liquor, and I've got as good an artikel of them kind uv sperits on my flat-boat as ever was fotched down tbe Mississippi River, but thar's a great many other kinds of sperits, for the tex says : — * He played on a )iarp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck/ ' But I'll tell you the kind of sperits as is ment in the tex — it's fire. That is the kind of sperits as is ment in the tex, my breethring. i\ow, that's a great many kinds of fire in the world. In the fust place, the common sort uv fire you lite a segar or pipe with, and then thar's cam-fire, tire before you're reddy and full back, and many other kinds uv fire, for the tee sex : — ' He played on a h#rp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck/ ' But I'll tell you the kind av fire as is ment in the tex, my breethring — it's hell fire, and that's tbe kind uv fire as a great m^rjy uv you'll come to ef you don't do better nor what you'vf been doin, for— ' He played on a harp uv a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck/ ' Now, the different sorts of fire in the world may be likened unto tbe different persuasions of Christians in the world. In the fust place we have the Piscapalians ; and they are a high sailin* and a high faiuting set, and they be likened unto a turkey buzzard that flies up into air, and ho goes up and op till he looks no bigger than your finger nail, and the fast thing you know, he cums down and, down and down* and is filling himself on the carkiss of a dead hoss by the side nv the road, and—*-* He played on a harp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck/ *' And then thar's the Methedie, and they may be likened unto the squirrel running op into a tree, for the Methedis bleeves iu going on from one degree of grace to another, and finally on to perfeckshun. and the squirrel goes up and up, and he jumps from lim* to lim*, and branch to branch, and the first thing you know he falls and down he cums, kerflumux, and that's like the Methedis, for they is alters fallin' from grace, ah ! And — * He played on a harp uv a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck/ ' And then, may breethring, thar's the Baptist, ah ! and they have him likened unto a possum on a simion tree, and the thunders may foil, and then the earth may quake, but that possum clings there still, ah ! And you may shake one foot loose and the other's thar; and you may shake all feet loose, and he laps his tail round tbe limb and he clings for ever, for — * He played on a harp nv a thousand strings — sperits of just n»en made perfeck.'' Here the reporter eould no longer con taiu himself, and his notes became perfectly unintelligible. 