"TORY BOY" THE WINNER OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. Mr. B. C. MARSHALL, the owner of TORYBOY awoke on the 2nd instant to find himself and his gallant grey geld- ing famous. The winner of the Mel- bourne Cup Sweepstakes has netted him some £8,000, and upset all the prophecies, auguries, and tips, prosaic, and poetical, which have been so plen- tifully published by those who claim to be so powerfully prescient as to be able to peer clearly, and with ease "into the middle of next week." Those en- gaged in the weird business of "spot- ting the winner," have, upon this occa- sion been wofully at fault; few of them even hinting at the probability of a good place for the actual winner. The faith of owners, trainers, jockeys, stable boys, touts, betting men, and blacklegs, have all alike been placed upon the wrong horses. "Voltiguer," a very high authority upon what shall be done on the Turf, classed TORYBOY with MOZART. These he considered as the two best of the light weights; that both would run well under their respec- tive burdens, but he could not see that either could win. MOZART he con- sidered the best of the two, and the very best of the outsiders; but MUSI- DORA was the mare he fancied most for the winner. "Up Countryman," ano- ther excellent authority, admitted that TORYBOY was "one of the best out- siders in the race, but scarcely good enough to win; he would run very well, and finish close up, but not in front." Angler was his winner, with the Rose and Musidora contesting the second honors. "De Nigger's Tip" never condescended to name TORY- BOY in "de running round the Salt- water Jordan," and gives the Cup to The Miller. "The Wombat" slights Toryboy in the same way, and selects Minstrel as the first by a head. The "Old Victorian" places Toryboy at the "head" in the early part of the race, to be replaced by Cadland, then by the Rose, and finally by Angler his winner. "Early Bird" briefly selects Mozart; while "Morgan's Ghost," strange to say, names Victoria, but compliments Toryboy thus : — When a game little steed from the thick of the brunt Brings Marshall's bright colours right up to the front; And Musidora's black vest, as Frolic falls back, Hugging closely the rails, follows close on his track. Side by side they come on—'tis a match 'twixt the pair— 'Twixt Wollaton's grey son, and the game little mare. But stop! for the ring there still may be luck, As a pink jacket comes with a rush from the ruck, And Victoria is catching them hand over hand; 'Midst roars of surprise from the ring and the stand, But still struggling gamely, onward they come, When Cooke lifts his whip and Victoria has won. "The General," who professes to be a Commercial Horsemaniac, considered Toryboy in too good company to stand much chance, though he might run forward, but in his opinion the race lay between Playboy, Minstrel, and Mozart, and he gave the former as his "tip." According to this authority Panic could not possibly be in condition, and Ebor carried far too much weight. Our local poetic soothsayer, it will be recollected claimed the Cup for "Panic's son, Cadland," After all how thoroughly the event upset these nice calculations we now know, and as we shall probably be dependent upon the same "Wise men of the South" for similar prophecies and prognostications respect- ing our own Champion Cup, it is as well thus to analyse their productions in order to ascertain as near as possible, the amount of "second sight" contained in them. We consider the comments of "Up Countryman" convey more in- formation upon "the field" than those of any other writer. His style is clear and distinct, his remarks argumentative and convincing, and his judgment sound and decisive. We shall be happy to receive any of his communications upon our approaching great annual races and Champion Cup, to commence on the 6th February next. With reference to Panic, we consider he has increased his laurels as much in this race as when he won the Champion Race here on last Valentine's Day. Carrying the highest weight, of the three and twenty, and three stone more than the winner, he ran away from the other crack horses of Victoria and Tasmania. Angler, the descendant of the gallant Fisherman with 3 stone 9 lbs. less to carry only took fourth place. The mare Riverina came in next to Panic, but she had only 7st. 7!b. to carry, and all the rest were nowhere. Panic is entered for the Melbourne Champion Race on New Year's Day, and we shall not be sur- prised but very much rejoiced, if we hear that he wins this prize of upwards of 2500 sovereigns, for he well de- serves it. 