ST. FEANCIS XIVIER'S HALL. The ceremony oflaying the foundation-stone of the St. Infrnw ,'Tr f Hl1'' in connecti-J'i with the Catholic institute, took place ou Assumption Day, August IB i»rior to the ceremony proper. High Mass was celebrated in the Cathedral lie Kev T. Bomgaerts officiated as High Prieet. the liev. Michael O Connor as Deacon the Iiev Chas von M«1?ey'Ve/aS Sub-Deae-)n. 'nd me Kev. P. T.' Kussell as Master of Ceremonies. The mass having been concluded the above named rev. gentlemen conducted the Very Kev. f hi ?- oyiU Adu»'nistrator Apostolic to the acre adjoining the Cathedral eastward, where the new Hall will stand. The usual attendants, carrying the incense, holy water, &c;, farmed a part of the procesBion. Arrived on the platform Sd^ttoia^1™0^ U-ry Ua'» «'-««? '? To the Rev. John Smyth, Ad Ana 'We, the Catholics of Adelaide, assembled today on thn ausp.cious occasion of laying the foundation-stone of a building which we hope aud heUeve will greatly conduce to the edification and enlightenment of the Catholiccommunity caunot allow Una opportunity to pa-s without testifying in %u'aso'ureell1teori£UreePeCtandCSteem 'U WUiCh ™e ^old ?? In co-nmemoration of the event, and as most appropriate compaS^t'e^lmonTalF11^70' aCCL'PtaUCe of tUe ac' Ihe address waa signed on behalf of the Catholics gene rally by Messrs. Malcolm Henry Davis, J W Iv'an S P,ea;9eIGr.fSi1 ',J- J- Oonin, M- McDonald, LShinners be^pu^^S SSKa»b^ ft? bmyth's acceptance or a trowel, with whicti mi-'hUav the foundation-stone of that building, h' hoped he would sion and iiiit i* n exceedingly auspiciona occa delFeii? »? JLi i-h C-r V*™ he wouW iook 'Pon it with auignt at being the instrument with which was laid the wou^ ooDkS4°?h of ? buildi»«| °P°» wWoh his con?reKat!on wh?*M i irprV!e' audalso as a mark of the esteem ** fh7 'ad/or him. He trusted that that might not Mr wJ-Tr uP°n7hich 'e would have to use it. ?WH. h* ^P™ handed '»e fowel to the Rev Mr Smyth, who said-Gentlemen, you may rest assured that I Kf a t^ s3saa?is^rMr5MlSi k? lou will please say to the gentlemen who deputed you Mr andfou- WnTre™ an^ '** ^^ ^ ' reta™ 'th™ v?r?Rla\?& is?isnri;A-u-D-a- p™™™ £ iZ very Kev. John Smyth, Ad. Aps., on the occasion of laying the .oundation- stone of St. Krancis Xavier's Hall, Adelaide on the Feast of the Assumption. l»65 ' ' The ADMisriSTRATOJi AposTOLrc then commenced readin' the Latin service from the Pontifical ritual. TUe rev. cen ueiuaii men aescenaea the. platform, and, crossing the sl°™?a e?ch side, repeated the words -'In nomine Patris et Filio et Spintus Sancti, Amen.' He then read the fol lowing translation of the document, which, with a number of medals and coins, were placed in the bottle, to be deposited under the ptone:-'On the Festival of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary to Heaven, 1865 in the year of the Pontificate of Pius Pope EC., the 20th'- of £'.htor«' 'r? fi-8? Queea of &reat; Britain and Ireland 'the 28th ; Sir Dominic Daly, being Governor of the Province ; the See of Adelaide being vacant; a large concourse of people being present; the assisting Priests being Patrick Ihomas Russell Theodor Boniaerts. Charles von per geyde Michael O'Connor, and C. A. Reynolds the Very Kev. John Smyth, Administrator Apos tolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this foundation stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall.' The ntono m. «,«„ duly laid, the rev. gentleman saying:-' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone of this foundation in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost I that here, through laith, may flourish the fear of God and brotherly love ; that this place may be destined to invoke and praise the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with t ather and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns one God for ever and ever. Amen.' The stone having been properly adjusted, the Eev. Mr. bmytb with the priests and attendants, walked round the foundations, reading the service of consecration, the Choir, in the meantime, tinging ?? Miserere.' th?^/«t!Unill?toi^ep,latrorln tUe rev.erentleman addressed the people. Ue laid they had commenced a work that day which he might say was second only to the Cathedral adjoining. The Catholics had for many years been desirous of doing much good in Adelaide, but from want of a room in which to work they had been compelled either to leave it unaont or lo only half nnish it. Works -the direct offspring of the doctrines of the Catholic Church-hod sprung up around them and the Catholic ideas had taken rootf but these ideas had only been able to rise to the surface or attain such growth as healthy plants could attain in a limited space. U haa been Mt tWg j Mme »ieu was required for work which, although it could not be appro P.?^ y 'e lVae ^thedral or the church, was still of a religions character. They wanted a room, and they deter mined to have a room, and they were accordingly met to lay the foundation-stone of the building which wis required Large and beautiful as it would be, it would hardly afford the accommodation which was required. He could truly eav that very few rooms ever had so much work before it as St Francis Xavior's HaU. The Catholic Young Men's Society wanted a place to hold their monthly me%UnES. leoton/ icuujBo, mu recitations. They wanted a place also for their quarterly soirees, which were given for instruction and amusement. Besides this, a readinf room was very much required, and a library, which could be easily acquired if there was a dace tokeepit. A rich Catholic library would very shortly be formed in St Francis Savior's Hall, where the young men of Mie city might spend an hour or two very usefully Whv also, should they notlhave a muaeum? They were so circum stanced as to be enabled to bring together without much trouble many of the products of this beautiful country and specimens also from their rich mines, which the young 'men f1^ f 5. y- lndut/lus Ieara to l0Te more and more this the land of their birth or adoption. That Hall would also have to afford accommodation for the instruction of tfie younir i people of the flock. The lambkins of the fold would there receive the rudiments of education, without any danger of perversion from the faith in which they were baptized. There they would meet under the im mediate superintendence of the Christian Brothers to receive their education and they would go home again without causing any doubt iu the mind of the father or mother that their child's faith had been tampered with between the morning and evening. The Hall would bear thesame name 7.r r ^i j '--? '*u'5 ul lue great (jatnono missionary of Indla-and,=like twin eistere, they would act upon each other reciprocally. He said at the beginning that they found themselves as persons in confinement in a duneeon which was too low and too short for either an upright or recumbent position, and they determined to force through it They had begun the work, and there should not be a tw 2? m bl 'pon Rebuilding when it was finished, hnf y«fJ. 'ee their way clear to almost the last farthing , but of course, he spoke this calculating upon the assistance which was usually afforded when the foundation-stone of a building was laid This building had peculiir claims, not I only on tlw i Catholic part, but also on the whole of the com mumty. It was a blessiuff in their midst and an ornament to their city and lie trusted all would therefore give according to their ffenerosity and conscience in aid of St Francig Xavier'i Hall. He then invited nerann. tn !„„ h..; onerlngs on the stone. ? ' — ' The large sum of £71 12s. was then laid upon the stone and the ceremony concluded. ' ciuue, The proposed Lectnre-room will be 70 by 35 feet, aud the height from the floor to the ridge will be & feet. Committee and Reading rooms will be attached-the measurement of which will be respectively 15 feet by 16 feet 6 inches and 16 feet 6 inches by 19 feet 6 Inches. There will be an open timber roof, covered with slate, and the curved ribs will rest upon corbies. An ornamental iron riding will run alone the top of the roof. The walls will be or Glln Osmond stone n3nr?n*fhmth *nf ^uoin.»-/s tQe front elevation will face the north there will be no windows, so as to keep the buildinr as cool as possible, but there will be six bays' on each side The style of architecture will be the early English, and there will be little ornamentation. The price for the present contract, which doei not include the Committee and Reading rooms, Is .£l,553, and the whole building is Iikelyto be I S?I?n£dc'\£TllorB!:rmonthl- The arcliitcefs are Messrs Wright & Wood*, and the builder Mr. M. McMuIIen ' «„« may n,entioil that photographs were taken' of the Bto ' ' Mr' Smyta was »»ylng the 