ATtftATTAir LINCOLN AND Tffl& ';; ' ' ;', . . ^a^pjbician. wiii' : ; 'Some t men; are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust apon _-4iem.' la: which of tiuese categories shail we place -the: late President of the United States? Not in the first; certainlv. for no orisin . could well have been humbler, than his.. Scarcely in the second, for although he has sufficiently shown that in his case, 'at least* the .-choice of -his -K)unfcrymen was; not without justification, ^a good Ameriean President is of late years but:a happy accident, and- to be known beforehand as eminently able is to .be disqualified, . The sovereignty, of the masses., ostracizes genius, lest it. should unwittingly give itself a. master. CaLhoun in the Sotfth aud Daniel . Webster. in . the North were indisputably, each in bis, own way, the first men- of their day, but on that very account had at no ^ime the ghost' of. a chance for election. .. , The rule which prescribes, that the head, of the stale should.^ practicajly a nonentity, is. the legitimate, consequence, of the .ultraidemo cracy inaugiLca,tpd by Jefferson, bnt .w^hicli ^lid, not, come overtly -tp: the snr&ce; till the fe?pirationr.of the generatioii which had fought, and won ihe war of independence. T)^. fijret , four Presidents, yTashington, Adams, Jefferson, and Madison, were by l»irtat and education geritlemen. They were picked nien, kno wn and. trusted even [before ibhe firgi shot was firecL at Bunker's lull, and when America pirierged from the chaos of the war -were jranged among her natural 'leaders.* 'The' nest in order, Andrew 'Jackson, a mart of' far lower mental and. social status, was borne to power! 'upon: iihe shoulders of the pebple in. acknowledgment of the crushing loss which? ne had inflicted on Wellington^ veterans ^'sJa New Orleans. There 'might have been a wiser choice, but it w^as at least a perfectly natural one. After him commenced the reign of the indisputable mediocriiBjes. For forty years, from 1825 doT^mwards,. the question afe to' the candi idate has been, not whether he is able pi* educated, hagh-mirided and reliable,' ~~ but whether' he is a botid fide representative of the feelings of the majority of the electors. TTis chance depends not upon previous ^services/ but upon being able to speak best from the stump. 'This 'mathematical law of American policy effectually disposes of theclaims of Abraham Lmcoln to original greatness. Sad he been- a great man, and -known.' as such, he -would never have been even put in- nomination. It -was because he was so little known that he was consi ?der#d safe. He stood upon the strong ground of his pcevious insignificance, and succeeded- accordingly, from the indis putable fact that, if no ? one could say -anything very tangible j for him, no one -could bring any especial demerit against him, j ... ,.-.??- . i, ? ? ' , The aai±ecedents,»f Mr Lincoln, prior to his;devation to the Presidential chair, aa*e ?Bufficiently . well known, to justify our merely glancing, at jfchem and passing on. .Boraiiil Keatacky in 1S09, almost an orphan, for his father died when he was a ?barefooted .serious ,imp of four, that he attaiaed to. the elementary three B.'s, as Alderman Curtis toasted them-^'eading, 'riting- and .'rithmetic— rwas more, by good luck than pecuniary faculties. He picked them up, .however, .somehow, and. a great deal more with thenl. In this respect, as in mosjb otherSjhe was the representative of his countrytden. :;In.no -region, of the world are there fewer -highly trained men, or so few that are without any educational training at all In the New England, and many of ;the btder settled states, the laws pro«dde for a certain amount of nexfa. to compulsory -education, but even where these are wanting, though undoubtedly on the outskirts of civilisation as in Kansas and Arkansas, where the very scum alike, of the old and new. world congregates^ hu manity is sunk into the savage, in the backwoods generally the natural intelli gence; of the race supplies the ,want of books, pen and ink. For these wanderers ' loafers' is not the true term, fcr ninety nine per cent, work hard on the endless tributaries of the Mississippi, and the giant river itself, supply the want of regular training by eye, ear, and brain. As with dear old Hawkeye, of Mohican celebrity, the -feush is their teacher, and the stern necessities and everlasting vicissitudes of backwobd existence combine to 'make the head sharp, and the nervres strong, and the heart ? capable of daring everything and enduring much. In this dour but health ftd' school training, where nature' and the stern course, of life gave without pay the needful teaching,, grew up Abraham LinT cola, a. farm labourer, .a mule driver, a boatman, a soldier, a captain, a lawyer, a stump orator, a senator, and a president. A queer game of life for anyone to play in England, but by no means new, however queer, in America. ''.-.. It is needless to say how such a prelim inary career must act upon any average man, but no one that has not lived in America, where one. moment one. is high and the next. minute low— where the beg gar .-: becomes - the^ millionaire ? and the millionaire the beggar — where everything is possible and nothing impossible, can judge of the. extent .of premature capacity which it forces out, the :prodigious versa tility which grows up out of it like mush-, rooms out of dung, or the stumbling-block which it forins to anything like defpth. of thought, consistency of system, or thorough ness ^anywhere. . Among any other race it would simply /?£-rm the -most unmitigated set of rascals that ever polluted the earth. The steady, sober influence of the parent stock, however, has saved it so far. Though the only really intensely religious portion of the vast community belongs to the Ne\v England statesi so many of the offshoots of the still vigorous Puritan stock wander away from their quiet, scriptural homes,- -but thankless soilj into the, wide futnrity of tiie ? west, that they are as salt to the 'wflderness. Who Abraham ? Lincobi's father was (in. America no one .asks about a grandfather) .nobody knows, and nobody cares: but, somehow or .o&iej;, he had got the. old' Puritan leaven strong in him.. So far as he saw, he saw clearly, and felt strongly, but bis- sight vr£S '-not over keen, though his feelings seem to have been stronger toan ; might have been expected. His most consistently -developed passion, as citizen and senator, seem to have been the abh.oren.ee of slavery. He hated it as a good inan^a free nian, a religious man, and a democrat .opposed to the aristocracy of the South. Beyond ' tMs, ' Hvtilcii he' ~ex:~ pressed in the most outspoken manner for years before the republican diadem tarabled into, his lap,, he kept his thoughts, such as they were, -pretty much to himself. His religious creed .had given him., at least, .one politico-religious conviction, and the .trials of; :his manyrcoloured life had feuglit,!!!^ keenness, craft, a .certain low but useful knowledge of mankind, and. that perfect, not recklessness but impassibility as to fortune,- characteristic of men who are up to-day and 40Wn to-morrow, and resting torday unexpectedly in a palace, take as a mere matter of every day's chance tlxe pro bability of reposing to-morrow in. a hpveL Witt these various qualifications, a new suit .of clothes, and a vulgar wife, he arrived at the capitol in happy ignorance of the explosion his arrival would create.. ... (To be continued.) -.- - ; ? . -i . 