?THE VENTRILOQUIST. A few yeara ngo towards the dusk of tho evening, a stranger was leisurely pursuing his way in the direction of a little tavern situated nt the foot of a mountain in one of the Western States of America. A little in advance of him, a negro returning from the plough was singing the favourite Ethiopian molodv, ' Gwine down Shin-bone alley Long time ago !' The stranger hailed him:- — ' Halloo 1 uncle, you snowball !' ' Sail,' said the blackey, holding up his horses. ' Is that the half way house ahead yon der ?' ' No sah, dat tnassa Billy Letn ond's hotel.' 'Hotel! oh? Billy Lemond !' 'Ye.« sah ; y»u stop dab dis ebeni ng, I speck ; nil spectable geinplemen put up dere ? — Quash my name.'1 ' Quash ! eh ?'' '* Yes sah, at your ser vile.' ' Well Quash, what kind of person is Mr. Lemond ?' ' Oh, he nice man — mnn- sus nice mnn ; empertain gemplemcn in i'ust style, and I take care of de Imrses. Massa Billy mighty cleber man. He funny too, tell a heap o'stories nliout gosesand spirits, notwithstanding lie 'fraid on em his self, too, my opinion.' 'Afraid of ghosts, eh?' said the trav eller, musing. 'Well, go nhend Quash — as it is getting late, I will stop with Mr. Lemond tonight.' ' Yes sah ; jee ho Dob bin ! go along Lively !' and setting off nt a brisk trot, followed by the traveller, the musical Quash again broke out in 'G'wine clown Shin-bone alley.'' The burden of ' long time ago'* was taken up by one apparently in nn adjoining corn field, which occasioned Quash to prick up his ears with some surprise ; he continued however with ' long time ago,' and the same voice resounded again from the field. ' Who dat,' said the astonished negro, sud denly checking his horses, and looking n round him on every side for the cause of his surprise. ' Oh, never mind, drive ahead snowball ; its some of your master's spirits I suppose.' said the stranger. Quash in a very thoughtful mood led the way to the tavern without another word. Halting before the door the traveller was soon waited on by the obliging Mr. Lemond, a bustling talkative gentleman; who np proaching the horse and clapping him on the shoulder remarked, ' this is a noble creeter.' ' None of your familiarity' said tho horse, looking spitefully around at the astonished tavern keeper. ' Silence BeclzebuV said the traveller, caressing the nnimnl ; nnd turning to the 'landlord observed ' you must excuse him sir ; he is rather an aristocratic horse — the effect of education sir.' '.He's a witch sir,' replied the terror stricken Billy Lemond 'Landlord,' said Beelzebub, ?' I want my oats.'' Quash scattered — the landlord backed up into the porch — anil the traveller was fain' to attend to his horse himself ? alter doing so he entered the inn. Anon supper came up- The egss had apparently chick ens in them — the landlord confused at such n mortifying circumstance, promised amends from a cold pig, which — as he inserted the carving knife into it — uttered a piercing squeak, followed by a louder responsive one from tho landlady. Down went the knife and fork, and the perspiration began to gather in large drops upon the forehead of ^the host, as he looked carefully at the grun ter; his attention was just then taken awny by a voice from without, calling — Halloo, house ! landlord ! ' Ay, coming gentlemen — more travel lers — do help yourself sir.' ' Coming gentlemen ; here John a light, bring a light to the door — Sally wnit on the gentleman' — and out the landlord bounced, followed bv John with lights; but he soon returned with looks of disappointment — he declared there was not a liring being with out. The voices called ngain — and the landlord after going, returned a second time, declaring his belief that the whole plantation was haunted that night by evil spirits. Humor sayeth, Mr. Billy Leraond slept with a candle burning in his room till morning, and those who pass there to this day, upon close examination, discover the heels of horso-shoes peeping over the door casement, as a bulwark against witches, hobgublintCVnd other evil spirits. 