VICTORIA. The Argus of November 22, gives the follow- ing account of a now branch of industry which has been projected :-For some time past, efforts have been made by various persons, anxious for the development of the resources of the colony, to introduce the manufacture of woollen cloth, but as yot thoso offorts havo not boon attended xrith any very praotical results. Two sobemos, however, havo lately boon projootod for tho establishment of woollon manufactures by means of companies formed on tho limited liability principle. Ono of thoso companies stylodtho Victorian "Woollen and Cloth Manu- facturing Company-has alroady bcon brought imdor general notice, and tho shares havo boon so roadily taken np that, xvo understand, con- tracta havo boon entered into for tbo oreetion of tho nocossary buildings for tbo factory, xvhich is to bo situatod at Goolong, on tho banks of tho Barwon, and the requisite niachinory has hoon ordorod from England. Tho other company callod the Wannon Woollon-tnill Company was proj'octed a considorablo timo ago, but it has not^ yot been prominently brought undor publio notice, at least in this city. Tho nominal capital -will bo £30,000, in £5 sharos, but it is oxpoctod that not moro than £3 per sharo will bo roquirod. It is ostimatod that about £17,000 will bo suffloiont for tho oreetion of buildings, aud for providing maclunory for all tho various procossos connected xvith tho manufacture of oloth. Tho sito of tho proposed mill is to bo at tho upper falls of tho Rivor Wannon,' about eight miles from tho town of Hamilton. T}io company havo obtainod tho promise of a leaso of 25 acres of land from tho goyornmont, at a small rent, which xvill afford ampio spaco for all tho buildings xvhioh xvill bo required. Tho site xvill havo an important advantago ovor any that could bo soleotod in the neighborhood of Mel- bourne, inasmuch as tho upper falls of tho Wannon aro 85 foot high, and abovo the falls thoro is a doop roach of tho rivor, a milo and a half long. An abundant Biipply of xvator powor xvill thoroforo bo obtained, xvhich xvill snvo tho heavy oxpensos of stoam onginos, and of fuol, ongino-drivors, firomon, &o.; Tho projector of tho company is Mr. C. F. Keogh, a gentlomnn xvho lins had largo oxporionco in connection xvith woollen manufactories and niachinory in England, and ho is vory confidont that tho sohomo xvill prove exceedingly romuuorntivo. Ho has him- self constructed a haudloom, xvhich has boon employed at Hamilon for somo xvcoks in xvoaving cloth. Samples of tho oloth, which is of ex- cellent quality, may bo seen at tho shop of Mr. R. J. Cooling, Bourko-Btreot. Mr. Keogh bcliovcs that all, or nearly all, tho niachinory roquired for a oloth manufactory could bo onsily made in tho colony. Thoro would also bo no diQlculty in obtaining a sufficient numhor of hands for tbo manufactory, bocauso thoro aro many mon in tho colony xvho, boforo they left England, worked at tho varions branches of ololh-making xvho aro noxv working at tho diggings, or folloxving other ocoupationB, but xvho xvould gladly ombraco an opportunity of pursuing their earlier avocation. Sinco tho manufactory of cloth has boon commenced at Hamilton, on tho very small scalo already mon tionod, no loss than 52 poraons haye modo applications for employment in connootion xrith this branch of industry, all of xvhom had somo practical knowledge iu the old country in connection xvith one or other of tho processus of cloth manufacturo. Mr. Keogh and Mr. Learmonth (the socrotary) aro at present on a visit to Molbourne, for tho"purposo of bringing the Wannon Woollen-mill Company under tho notice of Molbourno capitalists and the publio geuorally. Tho Aga of Novembor 22, gives tbo following oxtrnct from a privato loiter rocoived by a gentleman in Molbourno, from an acquaintance at Montreal (Canada) :-" Wo aro going to con- federate all tho British colonies hero, viz., Canada, Nova Scotia, Now Brunswick, Noxv foundland, and Prince Edward's Island, each of xvhich, hithorto, has had a separate and indepen- dent government of its own ; bul now, thoy oro all on tho vorgo of uniting under ono genoral government, having each a local govornmont besides. In accomplishing this chango, there is no compulsion, but each is to como voluntarily, and the only delay to its accomplishment is that somo of the colonies aro yet unwilling ; but England wants it dono, and there is no doubt it will bo dono. Horo there is a groat feeling for annexation to the United States j indeed, from what I hear, I would be willing to say that if the country was polled, 75 per cent, would vote annexation. Tho American xvar íb ovor, and a collapse of business is tho conscquonco, and I behove the maxim is genoral, that whon over thoro exists a duluoss of the times, .the peoplo become avide novarum rcrum, and so it is hero at present. Tho United States are very wrothy about Mexico, and it is the genoral opinion that peace cannot exist much longor between themselves and Franco. Thero is a corps of Americans encamped on tho American side of the Rio Orando, near its mouth ; and a French gonoral, with his army, on the Mexican side, at the Bame locality ; and tho newspaper correspondents stato that the soldiers and officers on both sides treat one another xvith the utmost contempt ; they further say that it is impossible for these two armies to remain in that position many xveeks without coming to blows. Maximilian's entire army is estimatod at only about 30,000 mon, somo say only 15,000 ; so that it would appear that ono week xvould finish him hi case of a row xvith tho Yankees. Genoral Grant, of tho American army, xvas hero a few days ago, and ho is stated by the news- papers to have said in a privato communication that Maxmilian would havo to lcax'o Mexico." A peculiarly cool and impudent robbery was committed, on Sunday morning last, in the dwelling house of the Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, in Gisborne-street, East Melbourne. While the inmates wero at church the houso was entered by the book door, and stripped of every article of jowcllery or plate on xvhioh the thief or thieves, could lay hands. A great deal of tho stolen property was marked, and the reBt has been fully described by the owners, the Rev. Mr. Handfield and a lady named Barthrop. It ia stated that the value of what was taken exceeds' £100.-Ibid. A further and very successful trial of Mr. P. Hayes' new invention for obtaining steam poxver by means of coal oil, which was fully described in The Argus of tho 24th May last, took place on Saturday. An engine and one carriage, conveying Mr. Higinbothom, the engineer-in-chiof, Mr. Christie, the superinten- dent of the locomotive department of tbo Vic- torian Railways; Mr. Haughton, foreman engineor to tho Government workshops at Williamstown ; Mr. A. Kyte, M.L.A., and several persons interested in the experiment, left the Spencer-street railway station shortly after 11 a.m. for Sunbury, with tho new steam generator, and accomplished the journoy in forty-eight minutes, exclusive of stoppages. Tho consumption on the road to Sunbury waa fifty gallons of oil, but it is believed that this could be reduced by one-half if a boiler adapted to the now process wero used. Recent experi- ments in England, with the view of economising fuol, made subsequent to the issue of Mr. Hayes' patent, have shown that with the use of water spaces as adopted in a boiler called the "Field ih boiler," one tun of oil can be made to go as far is as four tons of coal, and Mr. Hayes is confident ä. that if he is permitted to fit up a suitable boiler, ' ho can generate steam twice as fast as at pro Bont, and with the'Uso of considerably less oil. Tho oil is oxtràcted from tho refuso which ac- cumulates at gas ivories, and it is a commodity for which thoro has previously beon no domaud. If it can bo obtained, as is boliovod, in groat quantities, and at a cheap rate, thoro scorns to bo no roason to doubt tho ultimate succoss of tho invontion. Tho ohiof advantages of tho patent aro that no smoko or sparks proceod from tho combustion whon tho apparatus is por foot, that it does away with tho prosont labor- ious method of feoding railway onginos, and that it will, particularly in tho case of Btoam vessels, savo a great doal of tho valuable spaco usually dovotoa to tho stowago of cools. Tho return trip was accomplished without accident, and it moy bo montionod that boforo Btarting stoara was got up in considerably less than au hour an operation which usually roquiros two hours to complete niton the steam generators now in use aro employod. The Affe of Novombor 21, states that the Act to Ainond tho Law for Imprisonmoiit for Dobt carno into operation on tho provious day. Only two debtors woro conflnod in tito Molbourno gaol, ono of whom, Michael Ashton, was incar- cerated on tho 30th July, 1861, at tho suit of Mr. Fleetwood, solicitor, for his bill of costs inourrod in tho prosooution'*bf Barry v. Ashton, in which tho dofondant was chargod with hold- ing criminal conversation with tho plaintiff's ivifo, and found guilty. Efforts woro sovoral times mado to offeot Ashton's roliof, and without succoss, until tho bill carno into operation, whon tho prison doors woro opened to him, aftor an inoarooration of four years and four months for a debt of £277 14s. The other debtor is a foraale, Maria Jane Callow, who was arrested in August for a bobt amounting to £31 13s. Owing to somo oversight in tho act, whilst it provides that no porson shall bo dotainod in prison upon any writ oí capias ad satitfieiemhim issued out of the Supromo Court aftor tho pass- ing of tho act, it mokes no provision for tho roloaso of debtors undor a judgmont of tho county court; and, thoroforo, Maria Juno Callow will bo roquirocl to servo out ker period of imprisoniuont, which will expiro somo timo in Docombor. By tho act thoro is no arrest or imprisoumont undor writ of capias ad salisfaci endum issued out of tho Supromo Court; and it is providod that no defendant shall bo ar- rested or imprisoned for, or iu satisfaction of, any order mado hy jüsticos undor any law authoris- ing justicoB to make an order for tho pnymont of any sum not exceeding £20 in rospoct of any ono or moro causo or causes of action or tho causo of complaint, following :-1. Goods sold and delivered ; 2. Mouoy lent ¡ 3. Work and labor dono; 4. Uso and biro of ohattols or boasts ; 5. TJbo and occupation of land, houso, or apartuiouts ; 6. Board and lodging ; 7. Food ing and taking caro of horses, sheep, or cattlo j 8\. Warohouso room provided ; 9. Carriago of goods and ohattols ; 10. Assult. Tho moasuro is to " continuo in forco for ono year, and tbonco until the end of tho noxt session of Par- liament." In the noxt session of ParÜamont an attompt will bo mado to includo mining calls within tho oporation of tho act. " We lately roooirod from the station of Mr. D. Edgar Harrow," says the Eamillon Free Press, " a rather largo Bamplo of tho doposit loft by tho late muddy rain. A portion was forwardod to Mr. Ellory, Govommont astrono- mer, and thofoUowiugis that gonJonron's roply : -' Although I had rocoivod somo samples of the rain doposit, your largor quantity permitted a still further examination of it. Thoro can bo no doubt now that it was tho rosult of largo quautitios of dust, raisod by mooting winds,' on the N.W. plains in South Australia. Tbo examination of tho doposit shows that it is composed of a clayoy soil, mixod with finoly dividod silica, and a little iron, and of a similar character with the surfaoo in tho distict olludod to. This dust, having beon raisod by largo opposing currents or » biri winds, became sus- pended in aqueous vapor, with which the air must havo boon chargod, drifting bouUi, till mooting with soino of tho cold oooan currontfl of air, as it approached tho coast lino, condonsod and foil in tho form of muddy rain. Tho fall scorns to havo spread ovor a somowhat extensivo district.' " (F A Mad Freak.-At tho Taunton Police court, on Wodnosday, Stevens, an ongino- olcanor, was sent to prison for indulging in a dangerous freak on tho iucomploted Chard and Tutinton Railway. About midnight ho lit the firo of the ongino, got up tho steam, and started the on gino, ho boing tho only paBScngor. Up and down tho lino ho toro for iwo mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to compress tho steam, it flow off in all dirootions, sbnoking fearfully, and alarming the inhabitants living near tho lino of railway. Tho watchman on one of tho bridges was soroly affrighted at sooing an ongino teoring madly along, backwards aud for- wards, with a solitary white face upon it, and came to tho conclusion in tho darkness of the night that either a ghost or tho Evil ono him- self had obtained tbo mastery over the iron. In one of his oxcursions ho was about to enter the main lino of the Bristol and Exeter Rail- way, but ho fortunately hoard tbo approach of a night mail from London. A minute or two later aud the consequouccs would havo boon fearful to contemplate, and tho probable loss of life moro horrifying still. At length, tired of his ride, ho took tho Busy Boo back to the sta- tion, and lay down by the side of it to await tbo arrival of the drivor. At half-past 4 tho driver approached the Bcono, but whon about 100 yards from it ttío ongino blow up with a foarful explosion, the cleaner having noglccted to put moro water into tho boilor. Tho most remarkable part of the story romains to bo told : the cleaner, although closo to tho engine, was unin- jured, owing to lyiug down. He certainly was frightenod, the drivor assorting that whon ho carno up to bim his hair stood on ond, " like quills upon the frotful porcupine." Brigham Young's Establishment at Salt Lake City.-Whon President Young goes on a joumoy through the territory, on private or public business, ho takes a considerable rotinuo with him, and always a wife and a barber. The former is more his servant than his companion in such cases, however. His household is said to be admirably monogod. A son-in-law acts as commissary ; the wives havo nothing to do with the table or its supply ; and whenever thoy want now clothes or pocket money, thoy must go to this chief of staff or hoad of tho family bureau. Considering his opportunities, the head of the church of Latter-day Sainte has mado rather a sorry selection of women on the scoro of beauty. The oldest, or first, is a ma- tronly-looking old lady, serene and sober; the youngest, and the present pot, who waB obtained, they say, after much seeking, is comoly but com- mon-looking, despite the extol millinery in whioh she alone of tho entire family indufgos. The second president and favorite prophet of the church, Heber Kimball,- who m rhurch and theatre keeps the cold from his bare head and tho divine affiatuB in by throwing a red bandanna handkerchief over it, is even loss fortunate in the beauty of his wives ; it is rather an imposi- tion upon the word beauty, indce'd, to suggest it in their presonco. Handsome women and girlB, in fact, arojicarce among the Mormons of Salt Lake. Brigham Young's younger children, as seen in his school, to which we wero admitted, look sprightly, and bright, and handsome ; and some of his grown-up daughters are comely and clever ; but bis older sons give no marked sign of their father's smartnoBS. The oldest, Brig- ham, jun., is mainly distinguished for his bízo and strength-ho weighs two or three 'hundred pounds, and is muscular in proportion. He boB now taken ono of his wives and gone to Eng- land with her on business for tho church. Tho next son, John, is a poor and puny looking fel- low, with spreral wives, and an inordinate love for whisky. Brigham'» dynasty will die with himself. The only polygamist into whose family cúrele we wero freely admitted, had, how- ever, found two very pretty women to divide him between them ; and I must confess tbey appeared to take their share of him quite re- signedly, if not amicably. They wero English, and of nearly equal years ; appeared together in the parlor and in publie with their husband, and dressed alike ; but they had the same quiet, subdued, half-sad air that chacteriscd all the Mormon women, young and old that I saw in, public or private.-American paper. 