THE LATE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED. STAKS. Mr. Abraham Lincoln was born in the county of Harde.m, in Kentucky, on the 12th of February, 1809. Hisk'grandfathcrt who emigrated from Virginia into that State in 1*81. was killed by the Indians whilst he was ensra'.rtid in clearing his lauds. His son who, like himself, was very poor, also died prematurely, and left a widow and some children, ono of them boing^Abraham, then aged six years. The widow, with her chil dren, after a while, took up her resilience in the south of Indiana, and there Abraham in course of time reached man's estate. In stature he was almost gigantic, being (5 feet 4 inches. His mother was able to give him but little education — in fact, ho passed only six or eight mouths at school. He was in succession a farm laboured, a woodcutter, and a boatman on the WiOash and the Missi.-isippi. In 1830 he went to the State of Illinois, and earned his living for a year by working as a labourer in tho fields; and then he got a place as a shopman, and afterwards enlisted as 'a volunteer in a company which was raised at Now Soloui to take part in tho war in Florida against the Indian tribes, headed by the chief called the Black Hawk. Ho served with credit, and was promoted to captain. On his return to Illinois he took up his residence near Springfield, the capi tal, and has ever since resided there. In 1832 he was a candidate fora seat in the Legislature, but failed. The year after, hov/eviir, ho was elected, and ho sat during four sessions During this time he .studied law, and, having become. -an advocate, prac tised with great success at the Bar of Springfield. In^ politics, to which, while following his profession, he paid great atten tion, he joined tho Whig party, and was a warm supporter of Usury Ciay. In 18 W he was elected to Congress, nnd continued to belong to it till 1849. He was n strong abolitionist, and often]|cxprcssud his senti ments on the subject of slavery. In the stormy debates which took place on the Wilmot proviso he took an active part, and votod no fewer than forty- two times for that measure. lie opposed the war with Mexico as unconstitutional. From 18l9 to 1854 he kept aloof from the political arena, devo ting himself exclusively to tho exercise of his profession. Iu 1850 he was the candi date of the Whigs for tho dignity of Sena tor of his State, but was defeated. In 1S50 his name was at tho head of the list of elec tor's* of 'Illinois, who voted for Fremont in opposition to Buchanan. .In 1858 he was unanimously designated by the Republican Convention of the State to succeed Mr. Douglas as senator, and s\ warm contest took pliice between him and that gentleman. JJutli visited every part of the. State, to har angue, the population — Mr. Lincoln boldly declaring for the abolition of slavery, ami Mr. Douglas standing by what is called sqiuittor soveri.'iirnty. Fortune was then ad verse, to Mr. Lincoln, his opponent having been ducted. The, nomination of A.hraiiair Lincoln, at the Ghiea';o Coriritutiou as tho Republican candidate for tho I'resiilene.y, ?iV-'is followed by his election in 1801. which was the signal for the outbreak of the civil war. The personal appearance of Mr. Lincoln is thus described in tho Chicago Press and Tribune ':— Mr. Lincoln stands G feet 4 in ches in his stockings. His frame is not mus cular but gaunt and wiry. His arfiis arc long, but not unreasonably so for a person of his height. His lower limbs arc not dispro portionate to liis body Iu walking, his jrait though 'firm is never brisk ; he stops slowly and deliberately, almost always with his head inclined forwards, ;ind his hand* clasp ed behind his hack, iu matters of dress he is by no means precise Always denn ; ho is never fashionable ; ho is careless, hut not slovenly. Iu manner he. is rumui'kahly cor dial, and at the Kaniu time simple. Hi.i po liteness is always sincere, hut never elabor ate or oppressive. A warm shiike of the hand and a warmer smile of recognition arc his methods of greeting hisfriunds. At rest, his features, though those of ji man of mark, arcs not such as belong to a handsome man ; but .vhon his dark-grey eyes arc lighted up hy any emotion, mid hifi features begin their play, ho would be. chosen from among a crowd as one who had in him not only the kindly sentiments which women lovn, but the heavier metal of which full-grown nicii arid Presidents are made. His hair is lihick, and, though thin, is wiry. Ilia head sits well on his shoulders, but l-i-yond that it defies description. It nearer resembles that -if Clay than Webster, but it i.s unlike either. It is very largo, and, jihi'onologically, well proportioned, betokening power in all its developments. A slight; llohinn nos-j, a wide-cut mouth, and dark complexion, with the appearance of having been ^weather- '^'?l.- beaten, compleate the description. Ono of ihe most impudent robberies we ever ro- '. member to have heard of was perpetrated at tlio . .store of Mr. Cameron, ship clmndier, Bi-lton. street, ? on Saturilfiy evening l.iHt, Mr. Camermi left Ihe store aliout a quarter past six tn gn to tea at liis private residence, next door, in Scott-street, having previously taken the prucuutton of bolting thefiont : dour of tiic store in Iinhou-atrcet, and locking the liack ttnor lending into the yard, imtl through which he pussiid to go Id the house, hut le.iring the key in l!it! doiir. A few miniiles nf cr he had gat down he ilum^ht he heard fn. tare [is in thn *tnre, and a kind of clinking sound like one piece of inutal striking against another, hut took no notice of the circmmt'incc*, tliinkiiic that it was perhaps a dog or cut in the store. Me ri-unten'd the store slior:ly aflerwurds, having no reiison to sus|;ucl ihnt any thing waa wrong, liut having occasion to go to tho till in aliout twenty minules little, he found thnt the till nnd cn-iii-hnx hud lieon abstracted. Tha till opened immciiiatrly. under (lie counter, and the cash-box wa- placed on « shelf beneath it. We understitiul the till was empty, hut the cash-box contained cash nnd stamps to the amount of £15 10'., among which wan a £\0 note of tin- Miiitliind branch of the Bunk of New South Wales. On making an examiiiution of the premises inside and out, it w;is discovered that one of the pilings bc twetm the yard of Mr. Ciunernn's store nnd Bolton strcet had bei'ii removed, allowing sutlicifnt room for a man to puss through. This, with other cir cnmsmiicps, leuds lo the conclusion thiit the thief must have beet well acfju'iintnd with the premises. »ud intiit have kept a sharp look out on Mr.Cntne ron's movements, so asto enable him to carry his design into - xecutioti. He hna manured to elude Ihe vigilance of the police, hut tho uutih- hox and (ill were picked up ou Sunday on the rocks nrar tho Horse-shoe Bend Perhaps the thief who 'o cleverly mnuagi d lo rob Mr. C.ineron'a store inpy soil be in the tic-ig!ilK-iirhund on tho look out fur further plunder, and porhups the knowledge of Ik,w Mr. Cameron lias been victimized will cause others to keep a sharp look out. We had nti oppnrlunily yostcrdny of witnessing one oft ho finest specimen's dCboal architecture .this colony has produced, ami which, with two othrrn, wns brought to Newcastle from Sydney by Mr. Brown thin week, oil thren of them being from the cq.'j.'b rated building-yard of Mr. l.omax, Balmain. , The one In which we would ilrxw particular atten tion h appropriately tunned tilt' Shadow ; shr in 22 feet iu length, 4 feet 10 inches lit-nin, and IH inclins tlcep; has skeleton thwart* and stretchers, and her cntini weight is 30 lbs., her planlia, which are of polished cedar, being no mnro than llin lGih of an inch thick. The Shadow is a beautiful model, and her workinnmhip nnd finish are more like fin« cnhiiiet making than ordinary boat build ng. ' Tint other twn beats are the well-known Surprint!, or tho Ghost, us it is sometimes calicd from its white color, in which (ireen rowed 1m groat liHiitlicaii, ati'l which W 22 feet lung, -1 fen 7 inches beam, 18 inches dpi-p, and which weiphs 40 lbs.; and ilm Starl, which won ihe Champion Hand cup, urnl which is 22 feet long, 4 fret 6 inches linnm, Id inches deep, and weighs -13 lbs, Mr 15m wn is u'.-o owner of tho Messenger, and has just hid completed for him a lirst-clam wnicrmnii's sk'fF, buiit of cedar, nnd weighing 103 lbs. The whole of these flue lioiits ure now in Mr. Brown's shed close to th- Coa! and CupuerCompuny's slx;ote, mid «re well W'ithy of a visit, Mn. andJ.Mhs. Cask. — \Vc again lind the pleasure of paying a visit to Mr. iiml Mrs. (ienrga Case's drawing, tonm entertainment, under an t nlirt-ly new programme. on Wednesday evcnir.K, anil nlthon.Mi |;rent encomiums hiivcjh'-'en jiassci! upon these populnr nrtists, the praise accorded tlicm by the 1'tess here as well as in .England Iwis certainly nut exceeded their merits. Genius, no oVtibr, is an inherent' Rift, nnd when accompanied with nrlixtic talent of extraordinary power carries with it a force *o irrraistinio'tlint it makes one feel an uncomfotla hl« seiis.'itimj of his own littleness. The programme «on tfiineil no less than twenty-seven illtutratlom of different character.':, all accnmrmnieil with a marvellous imitation of the reality. Lord Dundreary and that bwotha Sam of his were irrisistnble. Apnin, look 'nt the portraits of Kcau, 1'eeliter, anil Knbsun, Indeed, the latter charac ter brciudit us on the boards of the uld Olympic, when ' Vilik'ms nnd his l)iuah' first gont home a London audi (iice bursting with laughter. Then there was Suirey (ramp, who would insist upon reminding tin: inisjus there was no (incaeiim lo put the gi^ bottle under l-.ick and key. Tim wbolo of these performances were carried on in the ? longings of our friend Mr. Cane, who, in order to Ret a little quiet, retreated to the Hotel (Iu Liiucre, at linu. loK'ie. There lie hoped to yel repose, but, alas, be was no hesel with nue character anil another thai at l.int lie was fai.'ly frantic and worn out, Several times he sought consolation in a solo on the concertina (on which instru ment lie is unriv.-illetl), the violin, and piano, but (lie mn metii liis b II rmm the torments tif n nnntinentnl life com menced. The whole of the performance was carried flat with miIlii(.';:ii:R spirit tntliu close, and (lie two artists were greutcl nil!) rounds of uppl.iii.si: from the audience at tlift fall ol tin' curlaiu. Mr. a i id M rfc. Ci-o will appeur to-ni^ht for tile lost time, when we may anticipate Hint the:? farewell to Newcastle will attract a lur'or number than anyih.it have yet witnessed this most clever and amusing enter tainment. A innptinR lifthc friciwlR of William IlicV.ey was licliflr at Mr Kobeit Watt's. Albion Hotel, VVutt-strenl, y«Kler. (jay evening, to adopt means tor raising inscriptions to inesenta traliiii'itiial tubliii lor the manner in which lilt has suilnittcrt thelioti'iiii-iif i'-ie Mimter lt'vrr in many well-cou:es!(!-l inatc'ips, nml nirlicularly for bin late victory iiver Urven, the cihaoipiini rower of Australia. Abaut ibiily Rcntlomcn were piiMunl, and Captain Laveily baviiiK Iwi'ii exlli'il up-m In take the chair, it was lesnlvcd Inrilniilli lo liirm a committee to collect .iiib .scripliniis— lilt; kind of icMim'uiial to bo presented to de pend upon tho amount ol ihe subscription. A committed was then formed, and a resolution passed that Ihe namen of ihe members UojuIU lie published iu this day's ami next Wednesday's' (Jlirimicln.' \l was afterwards de termined in invite Hiukcy to a friendly supper, on Tn«n tln;- M!X-, just before his departure for Sydney, at Mr. Watt's, and a number of the gentlemen present agreed to furnish provisions lor thn entiirtniiriiciit— each one of them InviiiK Ihe privilege of iulinducinK a friend. A vote of thanks to the chairmim was afterwards carried, and the meeting adjourned till eigltt o'clock next Tliurs ilay Rvcnin|{, at Mr. Finch's, Market- Wharf Inn. Mr. Robert Watt is appointed honorary treasurer to thu etiinonial fund, and Mr. Robert Collier honorary secrUttty. 