LATES1 FROM EUROPE. " > ' The cost to Prussia of the Danish war was 22 millions of,thalers. , , , , i, i There is some probability of the Emperor returning to France from Algeria via Madrid. Lord Suaftcsbury lins been | presented by his admirers with a memoir of his own lii'e'on parch- ¡ ment. I The Provost and Fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, have conferred on the Prince of Wales the honorary degree of L.L.D. ' The funeral of M. Ulniann, the great Rubbi of the Central Jewish Consistory in France, took place in Paris on Monday. ! Among Air. Lincoln's papers has been found a1 package of letters, marked in his own handwnt-| ' nig " Assassination Letters." Several Parisian philanthropists have lately; I been getting up educational establishment» iii, j Paris similar to our mechanics' institutes. There is every retwm to believe that the trial of Dr. Pritchard, for murder, will take place in Edinburgh at the end of June. Al. Drouyn de Lhuys has added his name to the list of patrons of the new, society for the in- troduction of the game of cricket in France. , An Irish journal stated recently, in its account of the assassination of President Lincoln, that the . news fillcd.all England with grief and indigent'on! It is said in Pans that the Emperor obtained, a day or two before his departure, the promise of an influential and wealthy person to organize an Algerian Company. ' ? , ... , ' Miss Bateman mude her rc-appearancc at the New Adelphi, London, on Monday, and performed the first of a round of dramatic characters for which she has beeu announced. '"' \- The Senate of the University of Cambridge has elected Mr. Evans, of King's College, to the rectory of Ovington, by a majority of 197 over Mr. Turing, of Trinity College, who obtained 204 votes. The Czar has declared his second son, Alexan- der, heir to the throne of Russia. It is stated in Continental papers that the late Czarcwitch re- quested the second one to carry out his engage- ment with the Princess Dagmar. Among the novelties in The Timei is the an- nouncement of deaths with the words " No cards" -the same as in the case of marriages. The late Mr. So-and- so, of course, thereby expects his acquaintances to call upon him. ' | IT is stated that the physicians having had to ble -d the King of the "Belgians very freely, iii order to reduce the inflammatory affection of the lungs, extreme debility has ensued, mid symptoms of dropsy have appeared, for which he has been' punctured. - ' Í - A German, living in Philadelphia, having been annoyed by ir number of boys who congregated on his steps one day, took a can of vitriol, und, quietly opening the door, poured the fluid on the steps. It slowly trickled down to the buys, and then burned fearfully. Lord Chelsea, junior captain of the 3rd Middle- sex Militia, and son of Earl Cadogan,having been promoted by the Lord Lieutenant over the heads of his superiors, considerable dissatisfaction has been created in the regiment, and the officers have petitioned against it. On Friday night about 4,000 mill hands assembled at Dewsbury, for the purpose ol' lynching a man named Hudson, formerly ou the strike committee,'who had entered into , service with Olroyd und bons, or, as the people term it, "gone in black.'' The police formed square, and conveyed Hudson to a place of safety. i A sign of improvement in the cotton trade is seen in the cessation of the operations of the relief.comniittces at Preston and Blackburn. The former closed ou Saturday. The largest number on the books of the committee was in the winter of 1862, when 40,000 persons were relieved. At this time the guardians have 4,563 persons on their books. £130,000 has been spent in relief in Preston since the beginning ut the " cotton famine." lu Blackburn the same state of tilings prevails, hut not on such large scale. A servant-girl was amusing herself at a flour mill, near Barnstable, with the lifting-gear,' when she touched the cord which puts the apparatus in motion, mid before assistance could be rendered or she could free herself, she was drawn up with great force to the small aperture where the chain passes through the roof. In au instant her hand passed through and was torn from her ludy at the wrist, leaving the tendons protruding from her arm. She was conveyed to the infirmary, and had her arm amputated. She is likely to recover. At a rustic hall in Boland, u Russian soldier boasted that he could put a bullet through a man's hat at one hundred paces without touching his head. A peasant accepted the wager, but in order to foil the marksman, squeezed his lint so low down over his eyes that the ball went through hut and head both, and lett hiiu a corpse on the ground. When milk " turns'' this effect is caused by the development of au acid iii the liquid. This chemical change may be effectually prevented by adding to the milk a small quantity of bi-carbomite of soda. Tina addition is hy no means injurious to health ; on the contrary, bi-carhonate of soda aids digestion. One of the great dairies of Paris em- ploys no other method but this forprescrùng the milk it keeps on sale. The ex-Queen of the French kept her 83rd birthday on April 26. Her majesty, who is in the' enjoyment of extraordinarily good health.reeeived congratulatory visits from all the members of her family except the Duke and Duchess de Mont- pelier, who are absent from England. > Mr. Bright, M.P., has received a communica- tion from Boston, U.S., with > reference to the pro- bable supply of American cotton this year. > (The > writer aaya that, after careful inquiry,' there will on the termination of > the war be 2,500,000 bales available for purposci of trade and manufacture, and then adds, if I regret very much the, probable results*... The decline in price will seriously im- pede the reorganisation of free labor and check the production, in other countries, perhaps restoring to U3 eventually too great, a monopoly of the supply of cotton." The foundation stone of ¡in additional wing to the Royal South Hants Infirmary has been laid. It is to be erected to the memory of the late Colonel Eyre Crabb, a great benefactor to that institution. Caen-lodge, Twickenham, furniture and paint- ings, late the residence of Lord Willoughby d' Eresby, aro to ,be sold by auction. 1 Since 1800, Catholics have expended over £5,000,000 in Ireland iu building their Churches. The invaluable Raffaelle cartoons have been removed from Ilampton-court Palace to the mu . seum of the Department of Science and Art,Soutli Kensington, where for the luture they are to be deposited. The South-Western Railway Company, with a view to diminishing the frequency of accidents on their line, have directed the rear-guard's van to be painted red, so that it may be the more con- spicuous. , i , . A couple of days ago a lady was at the Vic toria.Stutioh, Pimlico, waiting for a train to the Crystal Palace, wheu,»being taken suddenly un- well, she entered a cab to return home. On reaching her residence at Caraden-towii, it was found that on the road she had been delivered of twins. Surgical aid was instantly obtained, and she was carried into her residence. The infants -girls-are both alive-and appear likely to do well. It seems that Ireland is sending money to America, now, thus reversing the old state of things. The Irish in America want to return to their more prospérons native country, and seud home to their relativ, s for the money. The number of visitors during the past year to Kcw-gardcns presents an increase of 72,246 over that of 1863 ; and was distributed as follows : Total number on Sundays, 218,308 ; total num- ber on week days, 254,999 ; grand total, 473,307. It has transpired that the lowest profits of one of the City financial houses is tit the rate of £400,000 a year, frequently much more, and this without reckoning the interest of the private for- tunes of the partners. _ _ , The chapel, long known to the religious world of London as Zion Chapel, was originally used as the place of worship for Lady Huntingdon's connection. It was in this chapel that Irving poured forth his fervid and confused utterances ; and it was here that Bugin, as a youth, was tortured, as he himself feelingly describes, not so much bythcravingsof Irving asby thesight of the hideous building he was so often doomed to pass his Sunday mornings iu ; and now, this very Zion Chapel, once the head-quarters of Dissent, is devoted to the purposes of Roman Catholic worship, and its grotesque architecure, which so aniicted the elder Bugin, is being completely re- fashioned by his son, Mr. E. Welby Pugin. The shipment of the Atlantic telegraphic cable on board the Great Eastern, at Sheerness, is being conducted with the greatest despatch by the man- ufacturers and it is thought that the work will be finished and the vessel in every respect ready to leave Sheerness in June The Queen has given a donation of £100 to St. Andrew's Hospital for Convalescents at Clewcr, and an annual subscription of £20, upon the condition that her Mejesty shall always have the privilege of having one patient in the hos- pital.' : Numerous noblemen and gentlemen have been appointed by her Majesty to act as commissioners for the Paris Universal Exhibition of 1865. The Prince of Wales is at the bead ol the body, and among others arc Earl Granville and the Duke of Sutherland. . A Parliamentary paper just issued show3 that the relatives' of the following officers, killed in New Zealand, have received compensation, viz : -£711 to the Rev. F. R. A. Glover, father of Captain It.' C. Glover ; £457 to the same gentle- man, on account of his son, Captain V. G. E. Glover; >£254 to the father of Lieutenant W. L. 'Murphy; and £1144 to the father of Captain 'J. S. Phelps. '?. > The Builder gives the following receipt for the destruction of a certain unsavory domestic insect : t-As regards the best methods of destruction, a skilful hunter suggests that we reduce one ounce B1' corrosive sublimate (perchlondc of mercury) and'one ounce of white arsenic to a fine powder, two ounces of oil of turpentine, and two ounces of yellow wax, to which add eight ounces of olive oil. ¡Put .all'these into n pipkin, placed in a pan of boiling water, and when the wax is melted, stir the whole till cold in a mortar. This seems to be a powerful decoction, and applied to the crevices and holes >' iu which tin- unconscious innocents secrete themselves, will effectually do their busi- ness, i . '! Some notion of the enormous traffic of Great Britain may be gathered from the tact that there is scarcely ever less than 100 sail of ships ' near the Laud's eud, leaving or bearing up for the British or Irish Channels. >< > wn>, The beautiful bronze-like color of new copper com is produced by drawiug the heated sheet of copper through cisterns .of urine, which, by chemical actiou, takes off the dark charred film from oxydisation which covers each sheet of heated copper. ' - . >- \ A return has been issued, showing that there are in England and Wales 4,426 men aud 10,334 women in union workhouses not disqualified by uuy'mental'or physical infirmity from'earning their living as able-bodied persons. For some time back a pair of very large eagles have been seen . frequenting the hills around Dalnawilhui, iu Strathmore, N.B. The royal hirds having becu observed by a gamekeeper at Daluawillan-lodgc, he at once took active steps for their capture, and ultimately succeeded in the course of a few days in securing them both. The 211th Aiiiversnry Festival of the Sons of the Clergy has been held in St. Paul's Cathedral as usual, aud was graced by the presence of. his Royul Highness the Prince of Wales, the Arch- bishop ol'Canterbury, mid several other bishops and dignitaries of the Church. The sermon was preached by Dr. Goodwin, the Dean of Ely. In the evening the prince took the chair at the din- ner, where a brilliant company was assembled. A naval court-martial has been held on board the Royal Albert, guurdship, in lluiuoazc,Devon- port, for the trial of Mr. Thomas L. Woods, auting- lieutciumt, serving on boaid the Curlew, 9, screw sloop, Commander Joseph S. Hudon. The charge against the prisoner was of his having, while the Curlew was lying at Rio Janeiro, on the night of Feb. 27 last, while he was ofticerof the middle watch, gone below and slept in the ward-room, a stoker, a prisoner on board at the time, also making his escape during that watch. The prisoner pleaded guilty, but sub- mitted his certificates. The com t sentenced bim to lose nil seniority as acting-licutcunnt, and to be dismissed the Cm lew. New docks, which will cost between' £30,000 aud £40,000, arc about to be made at Preston. .The River Ribble will have to be diverted for a mile, opposite Preston, in order to alford the necessary accommodation. ? . Miss Burdett Coutts has erected at her own cost a beautiful church iu a destitute portion of the city of Carlisle. The new church is dedi- cated to St. Stephen, us that is in Westminster which owes its erection to the munificence of the sanie lady. , ' y , ' ¡ Shetland contains nearly five thousand more females than mules. The Rev. C. Spurgcoïfhus departed for a tour through the Holy Land, for the special benefit of his health. Her Majesty's ship Edgar, with thcl Earl of Sefton and suite, from Lisbon, anchored at Spit head on Saturday. " The Turin papers continué to declare that the Vegczzi negotiations with the Papal Government have been ii failure. Lord Combermere has presented the Rev. Arthur Atkinson, M. A., late curate of Petworth, to the vienruge of Audlcm, Cheshire. Lord Ponsonby'» new yawl, which is causing so much excitement iu the yachting world, will not be ready before the middle of August. Reports have been current of a heavy failure at Batavia, in connection with the sugar trade,which will fall rather severely at Amsterdam. The failure has becu announced at Alexandria of Messrs. G. Wollhcim and Co., with very large liabilities, u portiou of which will fall in Loudon. It is said that King George of Greece has laid his heart and crown ut the ieet of a fair Grecian of ancient lineage and high degree. Mr. James Glaisher and Mr. Alexander Her- schel are carn!.dates for the post left vacant by the death of Admiral Fitzroy at the Mctcorolo" gicul Department. The Pali Mall Gazette calls the Government supporters who, when occasion calls, arc always at baud to rush in mid vote, " Mr. Brand's Sub- terraneous Brigade." In consequence of the infirmities attendant on old agc, Count Kielmnnseggc is not likely to re- sume his duties us Hanoverian Minister at the Court of St. James's. Dr. Manning has been appointed by the Pope Roman Catholic kArchbiihop of Westminster owing to Dr. Grant and Dr. Clifford having,both of them, declined the office. It is rumored that the American Minister, Mr. Adams, has begun to press the claims of his Go- vernment for compensation for damages inie the Alabama, the Florida, and the Shenandoah. Llanhcdr-hall, situated on the southern slopes of the Clwydian mountains, a short distance from Ruthin, has been totally destroyed by fire. A man was killed while assisting in the endeavors to subdue the fire. It was stated at the Wandsworth Police-court the other day that a vagrant lind, by the adminis- tration of gin to her two children? aged four years, prevented their growth, so that they appeared to be only a few months old. The Star maintains, on the authority of some colonial newspapers and of a military correspon- dent of its own. that the feeling of the English troops in New Zealand, both officers and men, is on the side of the natives and against the war. The Poor-law Board ha9 just issued a circular to.thc guardians mid directors of the poor, calling attention to the responsible nature of nursing in sick and lying-in wards, and urging the discon- tinuance of the practice of employing pauper nurses. Tlie Manx people, who have had the privilege of paying only 6d. in the pound duty on tea while in the other parts of her Majesty's dominions her subjects have had to pay Is. Od., have petitioned the Chancellor of the Exchequer for a reduction in proportion ! It is staled in Paris that M. Drouyn de Lhuys has addressed a dispatch|to the French Ambas- sador at Washington, instructing him to demand of the President a renewal of the promise made by his predecessor to recognise the Mexican empire. A London magistrate having decided that a ballet was a stage play, Air. Strange, lessee of the Alhambra, appealed to the Middlesex Quarter Sessions, and the judge and thirteen magistrates unanimously decided that a ballet did not come within the provisions of the Act compelling theatres to take out a license. On the 25th April about fifty Federal soldiers, principally exchanged prisoners,'lost their lives by a collision on the Potomac ; many of the soldiers became panic-stricken mid beyond the control of discipline, and seized plauks and what- ever they could find that would float, and hastily' jumped overboard, and many of thom were0 tims drowned. During a thunderstorm on Wednesday, two men were driving in a cart through a street in Paris, when a sp irk pierced the strong covering and struck on the head one of the two men bittiii" underneath. The man was killed, together with the horse drawing the cart. The man thus sud- denly deprived of life appeared to be about 40ycars of age ; his companion (younger) jumped out of the cart and fled like a lunatic-nor has he since been heard of. It is said that Liszt, the pianist, has become a priest. i The Duke of Sutherland is at the present moment visiting General Garibaldi at Caprera. The Emperor and Empress of Russia will pass a month at Darmstadt in complete seclusion. Tlie will of Major-Geueral Richard Say Arm- strong, Royal Artillery,was proved under £20,000. It is reported that the authoress of "John IIalifa\',Gentleman," has married ProfcssorCraik, at Bath. The Archbishop of Cintcrhury will shortly moi e for a Royal Commission to revise the lec tionary of the English Praycrbook. It is reported that the Emperor Napoleon will, on his return from Algeria, go to Civita Vecchia, to have an interview with the Pope. The personalty of the Earl of Ilchcster has been sworn under £60,000. Heins made hand- some presents to several charitable institutions. The lowest thing in the way of joint-stock com- panies is one which has been stat ted in New York, the shares of which arc ten cents each. It is in the oil line. The Marquis of Westminster is building some capital farm-laborers' cottages on the Siamese principle, at his place at Motcombc. The cost is, on the average, about £400 the pair. " Newcome, the lion-tamer, holds a mortgage of £127 on a den of lions. Ile has obtained a writ and execution ; but as the bailiffs will scarcely seize, he will probably have to do that himself. Lord Lyttclton is to move for a commission to inquire into the general working and efficiency of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, as a Court of Final Appeal in Ecclesiastical Causes. Lord Brougham has sent an affidavit from Cannes, for publication in England, in which he directly conti adicts many of the assertions mide by Air. Edmunds in the celebrated " Edmunds scandal case." In eleven voyages £240,000 have been made for her owners in blockade-running by that wee wee vessel, the steamer that ran beween Rhyl, in Not th Wales,and Liverpool. Le jen ed fait rien va plus. , ! An unfortunate dispute, it ' appears, arose in San Fernando on last Sunday, at one of the hotels in that town, between a Brazilian officer and a young native gentleman ; high words passed, and ultimately a challenge was sent. The duel caine off on Tuesday, and, we regret to say, resulted iii the death of the unfortunate Brazilian officer, who . was interred by his comrades the following day. "' One of the American papers says that General Lee has stated that when he dispossessed himself of the command of the Confederate forces he kept in mind President Lincoln's benignity, and sur- rendered as much to the lattcr's goodness tis Grant's Artillery. The General said that he re- ¡ grcttcd Air. Lincoln's death as much as any mau in tlie North, ar.d that he believed lum to be the epitome of magnanimity and good faith. In the French Corps Législatif, last week, Al. 'Gamier-Pages, in discussing the Government bill to raise n contingent of 100,000 men for 1865, re- called the words of the Emperor, that the temple of war was closed, and reviewed the militai y position of the European Powers at the present time, concluding by the remark that it 'was' mi-, necessary for France to continue to maintain her army on the present war footing. Ile proposed a reduction of 10,000. ' Edward Banks, a' bricklayer, living in St. Luke's, London, beat his wife insensible with n poker on Tuesday night, and then, calling a lodger, said, " Go downstairs ; you will find my wife on the floor, and I think 1 have killed her." To the policeman who was called in, he said, " You ore the man I want. I have done it ; I am sorry for it, hut I could not help it." The woman was taken to the hospital. At the police court next day he asked if his wife was (lend,and being told she was quite insensible, he exclaimed, " Aly God ! I am sorry I did it. I cannot account for my doing it." ' A wonderful improvement is taking place all at once in the long-stagnated cotton-trade at Preston. About a'.dozcn mills, which have been stopped during tlie periods varying from eighteen months to four years, have just been opened for work; and several which have been running short time for many mouths are commencing to work longer hours. Messrs. Horrockscs, Miller & Co., who employ between 3,000 and 4,000 operatives, have extended their time of working from 4 and ahulf to 5 and a half days per week, and it is expected that in a few days they will he running their mills full time. A new factory, built by Mr. Calvert during the cotton panic, and another erected by Alessrs. Birlcy, Beaumont and Co., have just been started. Amongst the long- standing mills which have been, or ure about to be re-opened are those of the following firni3 : -Alessrs Haslam, Brothcis, (standing tor three years ¡) Alessrs. J. Hawkins and Sons, (between two and three years ;) Alessrs. W. Ilmnbcr and Son, (three years ;) Messrs. Grime and Smith, Í eight months ;) Alessrs. R. Thiclfiill and Son, about four years ;) Air. II, Seed, (threoyeais;) and Alessrs. Clayton and Sou, (about the same period.) During the funeral obsequies on the body of the deceased Czarcwitch in the church, at Nice, the Emperor mid Empress repeatedly knelt. The Emperor approached the coffin and kissed the foieneiul and hand of his son. Then the Em- picas, rallying her strength, which had becu al- most exhausted, was seen to ascend in her turn the steps of the dais, fix on her child an indescri- bable look of adieu, and then repeatedly kiss his face. Her august husband was at length obliged to tear her awuy from this heart-breaking occupation. At Glasgow, the other day, George Young, licensed cabman, was charged with having failed to wear a (jood lint while on duty at one of the cub stands in the city, and with having covered his head with a cloth cap of somewhat shabby ap- pearance. The magistrate lectured him on the propriety of appearance in respectable style, and imposed a fine of hnlf-a-crown. General Lee is shortly expected in Liverpool. The personalty of the late Viscount Comber- mere has been sworn under £16,000 The 17th Lancers anived at Gravesend in the troopship Agamemnon, from Bombay. The Poor-law Bourd'a return of pauperism in the cotton manufacturing unions exhibits but little change. ' '? i * ' The Wax-office has struck off yet another aud ->*M another regiment of volunteeri. The last is J they 4th London Rifle Corps. Ï, The last time Booth appeared on the stage was ut Grover's Theatre in the character of Romeo he volunteering for the occasion of Miss Avonia Jones's benefit. i ,( It appears that the manufactory of Saint-Gobain has been six years making alenstwofeetinthicki ness, which is intended for the colossal telescope now building. ' ^ , On the arrival of the City of Edinburgh ''at Queenstown on Wednesday, from New York,, a passenger named O'Neil was arrested on account of his resemblance to Wilkes Booth, but was soon liberated. He had previously been arrested at Boston, cn route to New York. u t ,, The late debate on the French army gives the following facts some interest .-Prussia, with "a territory of 5,000 square miles, and a population of thirteen millions, has an army of 200,000 men in time of peace, which costs her £6,000,000 ; Austria, whose territory is 12,000 square miles and population thirty-seven millions, has an army of 500,000 men, which costa her £12,000,000; France, with a territory of 10,000 square miles, and a population of thirty-eight millions, has an army of 400,000 men, whose cost is £15,000,000'; while our army, including that in India, amounts to 150,000 men, costing £14,000,000. Bell's Life of May -~1 announces that a match baa been arranged between Joe Wormald and Jem Mace. The following is an extract from the article alluded to :-"Our readers will be glad to hear that JemMace has at length come fo r ward and withdrawn the action commenced against us to recover the stakes in his late match with Joe Coburn, and has, moreover, expressed his regret that it waa ever commenced. This concession having beep made by Mace no impediment existed to prevent his fighting for the Champion's Belt, and this fact being made known to Bos Tyler, the backer of Joe Wormald,very little time elapsed before a meeting took place at our office between him and Mace, and as there was every intention to get to busiuess on both sides, an agreement was at once come to for a match ¡to take place on the usual terms on November 1; Mace, who looked very well, informed us that his weight now is 14st., and that be will on the day of battle be at least last, when be enters the ring. It will, be says, be his lust appearance, as his friends intend setting him up in business either at Liverpool or Leeds." ,, ,¡" The Duke of ^Cambridge will accompany, the Prince of Wales to Dublin. ,,' u' \'} The New York Chamber of Commerce .tías passed resolutions of condolence to the family of Mr. Cobden. , ¡ Manchester Cathedral was broken into by thieves on Monday night, and the mace and the contents of three poor boxes were stolen. , ,_ William Somerville, aged thirty-four, has been scut to a lunatic asylum by the Southwark police magistrate, for sending threatening letters to the Earl ot Derby. The ironmasters of North Staffordshire have, it is stated, rejected the compromise proposed by puddlers on strike. They are resolved, we are told, to adhere to the terms which they offered to the men in the first instance. , In the Divorce Court, on Tuesday, those causes cèUbrea Chetwynd v. Chetwynd, and Codrington v. Codrington and Anderson, were brought to^ a close In each case the decree nisi was made absolute ; in, other words, Mrs. Chetwynd and Admiral Codrington have obtained complete divorces. , The Paris Observateur Catholique says it, is quite certain that suspended priests take refuge in Paris, in great numbcis, from every diocese,in 'France, and the .number given by the Bishop of Oxford is understated rather than exaggerated. All these' unfrocked clergymen, says the writer, arc cabman, omnibus conductors, or following like menial employments, and if the Abbe Rogerson had only known a little maru about the subject he would not have contradicted his lordship as he, has doue.,, , i Twenty mon were working in the Olav Cross» Colliery, Derbysbiie, on Wednesday, vyhcu an ^explosion of fire damp occurred, which killed six men and1 two boys ; some of them were shockingly mutilated., \ The other men who were engaged in the rise workings were not injured, and they found an exit from the pit along a driftway, which com- municates with a another colliery. A pony and an,ass which were engaged with the deceased roeu were found dead, and one of the deceased was laid across the pony. About twenty-four years ago a man arrived at Gairloch,' Ross-shirc, in a pleasure-boat, and, his i money soon running short, he took to fishing for a livelihood.« His conduct so was excellent that he became manager for some estates, and agent for» Messrs.' Hutchison's line of steamers, lie was a, reserved.'man, and went under the name of Mac-, lcod.'t He died in August last, much respected. It has since transpired that, in 1841, he waa.cashier in a bank'near the banks of the Tweed, and ab- sconded, .his. accounts exhibiting serious defalca- tions. Ile confessed to a friend on his death-bed. ' MORE d^iiLUREs IN RUVLED GUNS.-The Army and1'Navy. Gazstta says:-"We have noticed from time to time the results elicited by the trials of the 7-inch 7½-tons wrought-iron guns at Shocburyness, and we felt it our duty to point out,', on ai recent occasion, the little value of further trials with compound projectiles, whether the compound projectile be lead and iron, zinc, and iron,, brass or, bronze and iron ; each and al\ ?are liable to give way under the test of liea,yy. projectiles with one-fourth charges. It may b4 taken as a fact that stud shot are not desirable for rifled guns employing heavy project- iles with 'large powder charges. «In proof, we, mention the fact that" Big Will," the 600 pounder, although it has fired comparatively birt few rounds, is deeply fissured longitudinally in ?the line of the grooving. Captain ,Palliser's wrought-iron lined cast-iron gun is fractured in -the line of the grooviug. The competitive 7-inch 7½ tons giui, rilled on the French plan, is also reported deeply fissured longitudinally in'the grooving,'and is now ordered to bj fired with ' all the men'under cover. In fact, one of the few guns that'remain intact, after the rounds which have been fired, is the 7-inch 7½-tons gun, rifled on the Lancaster ovni boro system, and firing 'iron shot having n long bearing." | ~Thc new Blackburn Exchange has been, opened.'-'"' ' > ' The Bcllcrophnn, six-inch armor plates, ¡s.Sjiulj to leak badly." The town'of Frankcnu,i, in Hesse Cassel, ha£ been totally destroyed by fire.1 Tho'King of Portiuml has been invented hy her Majesty's special representative with the Order of the Garter. * ' We are informed that the news of the mor- ganatic marriage of the King of the Belgians is without foundation. ' > The sixty-sixth annual meeting of the Re- ligious Tract S >3Ícty was held at Exeter-hall on, Fiday evening, Lord Harrowby in the chair. The ghost of Professor Pepper has 'been dev clarcd to be a stage pi lyeiymtl has been informed that he must for the future take out a license for his appearance. Robert Chambers, champion waterman, and Robert Cooper, the next best rower, have been matched to row a mile on the Tyne, on the 12th of June, for £100 a side. " The other night Commander Scott, of the coastguard ship Frederick William, stationed at Queenstown, disappeared through one of the ports, having, as is supposed, committed suicide. In proof ol'the greater purity of the Thames by reason of the outfall of sewage to Crossness, a very fine jack was caught in the Pool opposite the Custom-house the other day. The Government of India lins addressed the Secretary of State, mid advised the raising of a loan in England of £1,200,000, a large part of which would bo applied to military and irrigation works. The inhabitants of Nottingham have resolved to invite the British Association to hold its next meeting in that town, mid have already sub- scribed nearly £2,000 towards defraying ex- penses. A railway guard was killed at Coxhoc, near Ilartlcpool, on Friday week, through being crushed between two waggons; another guard who went to supply his place was killed the same day, through slipping on the rails before some moving waggons. The other Sunday, at Dundee,a clergyman took a flower into the pulpit, and made it the text for a sermon, in which he alluded to the improving character of the study of natural objects, and the tenduuey of such studies to increase the spiritu- ality of the uiiud. At Southcy, near Lincoln, Mr. Jerard, a surgeon, has been committed for trial on the charge of manslaughter. He attended a laborer's wife iu her confinement, and, being drunk at the time, ho so neglected her that she died, Wheo remonstrated with by the husband, Mr. Jerard said, " Let her die, and be d-." The Waterwitch, iron-plated guuboat, 4,777 tons, 167 horse-power, building in a private yard, is to be piopellcd by tin hydraulic auparan»,of which grout things arc expected. All that at present can be predicated of the experiment' i* that it is very costly. The armor is to be of 4 j-inch plates, with a 10-iuch backing. f 