MR. RIDLEY'S LETTER. The "Black Spot" is, we see, going the rounds, and promises to be a fine platform from which our rising Clarksons and Pinchbeck Wil- berforces can vend their cheap philanthropy. In approaching any subjeet, no matter how ungainly the movemont may be made, which has for its ostensible aim and end the ameliora- tion of the condition of human nature, and its ultimate benefit or advantage, the advocate is at once elevated by his topic, however, his own defects may degrade it, and becomes entitled to a hearing from the host of sympathies with which the all important subject is naturally surrounded; but we would be far more willing to accord our sympathies to the motive, did we not fancy that we could detect indications of a pharasaical taint in the feelings of many of those whom we occasionally see coming forward in the cause of humanity, with their hands folded neatly across their consciences, " thank- ing God they're not as other men are," and rending to the country at large, and bushmen in general, a homily upon the whole duty of man. We should have given them greater credit, both for their intentions and sincerity, had they come to the rescue of the Black ques- lion with something more useful than wholesale denunciations against what they are pleased to term the atrocities of the whites, with a propo- sition, or an attempt at a proposition, some active piece of Christianity, by which the abo- riginal could he indemnified for an invasion of his territorial rights, and how the frontier squatter could safely turn the other cheek to the smiter; and look at the question as we will, we cannot regard the mutual aggres- sion of the blacks and whites in any other light than that of a " frontier war," for it is nothing more nor less than an unavoidable repetition of what is going on in every part of the world where God's beautiful earth is polluted by races which but encumber its surface, and the inevitable result of the first aggressor — Britain. When England put down her foot upon the land she left its print as her brand — marked it as her own — and her subjects followed in her steps. What is the New Zealand difficulty but a frontier war ? The present as well as the past Kaffir war, but a frontier battle ? and in every savage country but " frontier," till either party succumbs. A correspon- dent of the Empire, Mr. W. Ridley, who appropriately refers in his few years ex- perience in the remote interior, siezes with more avidity than discretion upon what he is pleased to think is a weak link in Mr. Sandman's chain of reasoning, and fancies he has discovered a mare's nest in that gentleman's very reason- able query of " is it to be wondered at that re- tributive justice should be executed upon the murderers whom it may not always be possible to identify individually, but for whose diabolical nets the tribe to which they belong, according to the recognised law amongst these savages, is well known to be responsible." The idea of "retributive justice" or retaliation, for to that it comes, seems to shock Mr. Ridley's concep- tion of the reprisals enacted in all Indian wor- fare, probably he has some valuable suggestion in petto by which he could show us how justice " should be meted out after a successful butchering raid, such as Wills', Youngs', the Frasers', and others literally too numerous to particularise, Mr. Ridley's " few years " ought to have told him, even if he never strayed beyond the precincts of his hut, a feature and a very ugly one as incontrovertible as it is preva lent, and which seems, to have most unaccount ably escaped hia observation, that when " murder towards its design moves like a ghost " that the gins are placed in some convenient scrub, or encamped at some safe distance, impatient of the spoil, and eager to share in the plunder of the assassins. Have this gentleman's " few years" taught him so little about the habits and hellish nature of these "black and midnight hags" that he has yet to learn, that like the Furies, they incite and goad on by their reproaches and contempt, the dormant ferocity of their dusky lords to deeds of horror and brutality, which it requires only instincts like their own to parallel. But we would ask how the "justice" to which Mr. Ridley takes such exception is to be, or possibly can be, meted out to savages notoriously beyond the reach of the law, and who cannot be taught to recognize any higher restraint upou the outbreak of their passions than the fear of retaliation — who are in fact only figuratively amenable to justice — "first catch your hare," &c.;, and then we'll admit you can adjust the " Scales" with some show of reason, but we have yet to be told how to fix them, though, we have no doubt, some of our morbid philanthropists would kick the beam. We can be weighed no doubt, but can they ? We repeat then, in the absence of some more appreciable plan for dealing with the question, we see nothing for it but the exaction of such retributive justice as can make itself best under stood. Merciful we can be, and merciful we ought to be, as we expect mercy ; but of this our experience assures us that the only mercy experience has taught the pioneer he has the right to expect, is that which Polyphemus ex tended to Ulysses, namely, the last to be devoured. But to prate of even-handed justice, when it is incapable from the position of the opposing parties of being administered, why the thing is merely a farce, and won't hold water. In a part of Mr. Ridley's letter he says that the squatters through their representative, Mr. Sandeman, reserve to themselves the right of retributive justice " which they would not recognize as valid on behalf of savages." We deny that Mr. Sandeman's temperate ventila- tion of the question bears any such construc tion, or that there is anything in Mr. Sande man's letter to warrant such a deduction. The accusation is notoriously unjust, gratuitous, and ignorant. According to Mr. Ridley's ideas squatters should follow the plan adopted by Mr. Lang, and pay in the shape of an occa sional bullock a sort of ground rent to the former possessors of the soil. On the score of mercy and humanity this scheme has our hearty con currence, and, no doubt, would also have that of our squatters generally, but for one little drawback — it would take a good many " occa sional bullocks" to satisfy the appetites of each tribe, and prove a tax which beginners and holders of blocks, with their 750 head, would find it ruinous to pay. It is all very well for Mr. Gideon Lang in an old-thickly European populated district, such as Murrumbidgee, where the arm of the law is able to work, to expend an occasional bullock, but we cannot afford to regulate the ferocity of our Myalls by occasional foods. Upon the return of hunger the tiger blood would be on us again, and as eager as ever for blood. The cases are not parallel — won't bear contrasting. If upon the occupation of the country the game retreats, why the blacks must follow — there's plenty of room for them — and give place to the advance of civiliza tion, which history shows us has had to cut its way through similar ignorance, superstition, nnd barbarity. We again repent that humanity is best consulted by increasing and re-organizing the commands in the Police force — the appoint ments in which, as every squattor must admit, are calculated to negative its usefulness. We should be glad to know by what credentials, backed by bushman's experience (one of the greatest essentials of a Native Police officer), Mr. Seymour was thrust over the heads of men immeasurably his superior in the sort of know ledge and years of servitude required for such an office? Does a letter of introduction and a little family interest over-ride every necessary qualification so indispensible in those who are not armed with such testimonies of efficiency? What did he, or does he, or can he know of the duties he has undertaken, at the small salary of £600 a-year, to discharge. The whole system is rotten to the core. The old story over again of — What is he fit for? "Oh! put him into the Church, or if too stupid for that, why there's the army." So it is with the Native Police — the Government without exercising the smallest judgment as to the fitness of the applicant billet him on the revenue, in return for which, in most instances, he patrols the roads not the bush, for the small sum of from £240 with the prospect of promotion. There is no head in the Department. We want an active Commandant in the North, and till healthy reform is brought to hear in the modification of the Force, it must continue to be what it is — a Farce. 