LITERATURE. ANOTHER PAST LODGER RELATES HIS OWN GHOST STORY. THE circumstances I am about to relate to you have truth to recommend them. They happened to myself, and my recollec- tion of them is as vivid as if they had taken place only yesterday. Twenty years, however, have gone by since that night. During those twenty years I have told the story to but onè other person. I telbit now with a reluctance which I find it difficult to over vOome. All I entreat, meanwhile, is that you will abstain from forcing your own conclusions upon me. I want nothing explained awayV .1 desire no arguments. . My mind on this subject is quite made, up, and, having the testimony of my "own sanses to rely, upon, I prefer to abide by it. ' Well ! It wilaust twenty years ago, and within a day or two of the end of the gfrwise season. I Had been out all day with my -:-> gun, and had had no sp'feirt to speak of. The wind was due east ; / the mon th, December; thc -£lace, a bleak wide moor in. the far north of England. And I.hajilost my way. It was not a pleasant place in which to lose oriir'ls.way, with the first feathery flakes of a coming -snow-storm just '"îftittéring down upon the heather, and leaden eyening'closing.in aU^r^urid. I shaded my eyes with my . ha-id, and stared anxiously nttto,the gathering darkness, where the purple moorland melted into ara\nge of low hills, some ten or twelve miles distant. Not tire faintest smsoke wreath, not the tiniest cultivated patch, or fence, 01 sheep-trac&y-;, . met my eyes in any direction. There was nothing for it but to walk on, and take my chance of finding what shelter I could, by the way. So I shouldered my gun again, and pushed wearily forward ; for I had been on foot since an hour after daybreak, and had eaten nothing since breakfast. Meanwhile, the snow began to come down with ominous steadiness, and the wind fell. After this, the cold became more intense, and the night came rapidly up. As for me, my pros- pects darkened with the darkening sky, and my heart grew heavy as I thought how my young wife -was already watching for nie through the window of our little inn parlour, and thought of all the suffering in store for her throughout this weary night. We had been married four months, and, having spent our autumn in the Highlands, were now lodging in a remote little village situated just on the verge of the great English moorlands. We were very much in love, and, of course, very happy. This .morning, when we parted, she had implored me to return before dusk, and I had promised her that I would. What would I not have given to'have kept my word ! Even now, weary as I was, I felt that with a supper, an hour's rest, and a guide, I might still gat back to her before midnight, if only guide and shelter could be found. And all this time the snow fell and the night thickened. I stopped and shouted every now and then, but my shouts seemed only to make the silence deeper. Then a vague sense of un- easiness came upon me, and I began to remember stories of travellers who had walked on and on m the falling snow until, wearied out, they were fain to lie down and sleep their lives away. Would it be possible, I asked myself, to keep on thus through all the long dark night ? Would there not come a time when my limbs must fail, and my resolution give way ? When I, too, must sleep the sleep of death. Death ! I shuddered. How hard to die just now, when life lay all so bright before me. How hard for my darling, whose whole loving heart--but that thought was not to be borne ! To banish it, I shouted again, louder and longer, and then listened eagerly. Was my shout answered, or did I only fancy that I heard a far-off cry ? I hal- loed again, and again the echo followed. Then a wavering speck of light came suddenly out of the dark, shifting, dis- appearing, growing momentarily nearer and brighter. Running towards it at full speed, I found myself, to my great joy, face to face with an old man and a lantern. "Thank God!" was the exclamation that burst involuntarily from my lips. Blinking and frownmg, he lifted his lantern and peered into my face. " What for ?" growled he, sulkily. " Well-for you. I began to fear I should be lost in the snow." "Eh, then, folks do. get cast away hereabouts fra' time to time, an* what's to hinder you from bein' castaway likewise, if the Lord's so minded?" " If the Lord is so minded that you and I shall be lost together, friend, we must submit," I replied ; " but I don't mean to be lost without you. How far am I now from Dwolding ?" " A gude twenty mile, more or less." " And the nearest village ?" " The nearest village is Wyke, an' that's twelve mile t\ other side." - ' . " Where do you live, then?" Out yonder,'" said he, with a vague jerk of the lantern. " Your'e going home, I presume ?" "Maybe lam." " Then I'm going with you." The oldman shook his head, and rubbed his nose reflectively with the handle of the lantern. " It ain't o' no use," growled he. " He 'ont let you in-not he." " We'll see about that," I replied, briskly. " Who is he ?" " The master." " Who is the master?" " That's noAvt to you," was the unceremonious reply. "Well, well; you lead the'way, and I'll engage that the master shall give me shelter and a supper to-night." " Eh, you can try him !" muttered my reluctant guide ; and, still shaking his head, he hobbled, gnome-like. away, through the falling snow. A large mass loomed up presently out of the darkness, and a huge dog rushed out, barking furiously. . " Is this the house?" I asked. " Ay, it's the house.', Down, Bey !" And he fumbled in his pocket for the key. I drew up close behind him, prepared to lose no chance of entrance, and saw in the little circle of light shed by the lantern that the door was heavily studded with iron nails, like the door of a prison. In another minute he had turned the key, and I had pushed past him into the house. ' Once inside, I looked round with curiosity, and found myself in a great raftered hall, which served, apparently, a variety of uses. One end was piled to the roof with corn, like a barn. The other wrns stored with flour-sacks, agricultural implements, casks, and all kinds of miscellaneous lumber ; while from the beams overhead''hung rows of hams, flitches, and bunches of dried herbs for winter use. In the centre of the floor stood some huge object gauntly dressed in a dingy, wrapping-cloth, and reaching half way to the rafters. Lifting a corner of this cloth, I saw, to my surprise, a telescope of very considerable size, mounted on a rude moveable platform with four small wheels. The tube was made of painted wood, bound round with bands of metal rudely fashioned ; the speculum, so far as I could estimate its size in the dim light, measured at least fifteen inches in diameter. While I was yet examining the instrument, and asking myself whether it was not the work of some self taught optician, a bell rang sharply. " That's for you," said my guide, with a malicious grin. " Yonder's his room. " He pointed to a low black door at the opposite side of the hall. I crossed over, rapped somewhat loudly, and went in, without waiting for an invitation. A huge, white-haired old man rose from a table covered with books and papers, and con- fronted me sternly. " Who are you?" said he. " How. came you here ? Whal do you want ?" " James Murray, barrister-at-law. On foot across the moor, Meat, drink, and sleep." He bent his bushy brows into a portentous frown. " Mine is not. a house of entertainment," he said, haughtily " Jacob, hovy dared you admit this stranger ?" " I didn't admit'him," grumbled the old man. " He followec me over the muir, and shouldered his way in before me. I'n: no match for six foot two." *' And pray, sir, by what right have you forced an entranci into my house ?" . . ? " The same by which I should have clung to your boat ii ". were drowning. The right of self-preservation." ? , "Self-preservation?" I " There's an inch of snow on the ground already," I replied briefly; " and it would bédeep enough to cover my body befori daybreak." I ile strode to the window, pulled aside a heavy black curtain and looked out. " It is true," he said. " You can stay, if you choose, til morning. Jacob, serve the supper." With this.he waved nie to a seat, resumed his own, and be came at once absorbed in the studies from which I had disturbei him. . . ^ , I placed my gun m a corner, drew a chair to the hearth, am examined my quarters avr-J^isure. Smaller and less incongruou in its arrangements than the i\all, this room contained, never theless, much to awaken my curiosity':. The floor was car^ii less. The whitewashed walls Were in pares shawled! over-witl strange diagrams, and in others .covered with shelves crowdec with philosophical iastruments, the uses of many of which wer< unknown to me. Oa one side of the fire-place stood a bookcasi filled with dingy folio's ; on the other, a small organ, fantasti cally decorated with painted carvings of rnedioval saints am devils. Through tie half-opened door of a cupboard, at thi further end. of the roora, I saw a long array of geological speci meas, surgical x)re?arati°ns> crucibles, retorts, and jars o chemicals ; while, c i the mantelshelf beside me, amid a numbe of small objects, stood a model of the.solar system, a small gal vanic battery, anda microscope. Every chair had its burden Every corner was heaped high with books. The very floor wa littered over with maps, casts, papers,. tracings, and leame< lumber of all conceivable kinds I stared about me v.ith an amazement increased by ever; fresh object upon which my eyes chanced to rest. So strange a room I had never seen ; yet seemed it stranger still to find such a room in a lone farm-house amid those wild and solitary moors ! Over and over again, I looked from my host to his j surroundings, and from his surroundings back to my host, ask- ing myself who and what he could be ? His head was singularly i fine ; but it was more the head of a poet than of a philosopher, j Broad in the temples, prominent over the eyes, and clothed with a rough profusion of perfectly white hair, it had all the ideality and much of the ruggedness that characterises the head of Louis von Beethoven. There were the same deep lines about the mouth, and the same stern furrpws in the brow. There was the same concentration of expression. While I. was yet observing him, the door opened, and Jacob brought in the supper. His master then closed his book, rose, and with more courtesy of manner than he had yet shown, invited me to the table. A dish of ham and eggs, a loaf of brown bread, and a bottle of admirable sherry, were placed before me, " I have but the homeliest farm-house fare to offer you, sir," said my entertainer. " Your appetite,' I trust, will make up for the deficiencies of our larder." ' I had already fallen upon the viands, and now protested, with the enthusiasm of a starving sportsman, that I had never eaten anything so delicious. , He bowed stiffly, and sat down to his own supper, which consisted, primitively, of a jug of milk and a basin of porridge. We ate in silence, and, when we had done, Jacob removed the tray. I then drew my chair back to the fireside. My host, somewhat to my surprise, did the same, and turning abruptly towards me, said : " Sir, I have lived here in strict retirement for three-and twenty years. During that time I have not seen as many strange faces, and I have not read a single newspaper. You are the first stranger who has crossed my threshold for more than four years. Will you favour me with a few words of information respecting that outer world from which I have parted company so long ?" " Pray interrogate me," I replied. . " I am heartily at your service." ' . He bent his head in acknowledgment ; leaned forward, with his elbows resting on his knees, and his chin supported in the j palms of his hands ; stared fixedly into the fire; and proceeded to question me. j His inquiries related chiefly to scientific matters, with the later progress Of which, as applied to the practical purposes of j life, he was almost wholly unacquainted. No student of science myself, I replied as well as my slight information per I mitted ; but the task was far from easy, and I was much relieved when, passing from interrogation to discussion, he began pour I ing forth his own conclusions upon the facts which T had been j attempting to place before him. He talked, 'and I listened spell-bound. He talked till I believe he almost forgot , my presence, and only thought aloud. I had never heard anything like it then ; I have never heard anything like it since. Familiar with all systems of all philosophies, subtle in analysis, bold in generalisation, he poured forth his thoughts in an unin- terrupted stream, and, still leaning forward in the same moody attitude, with his eyes fixed upon the fire, wandered from topic to topic, from speculation to speculation, like an inspired dreamer. From practical science to mental philosophy ; from electricity in the wire to electricity in the nerve'; from Watts to Mesmer, from Mesmer to Reichenbach, from Reichenbach to Swedenborg, Spinoza, Condillac, Descartes, Berkery, Aristotle, Plato, and the Magi and mystics of the East, were transitions which, however bewildering hi their variety and scope, seemed easy and harmonious upon his lips as sequences in music. By and-by-I forget now by what link of conjecture or illustration -he passed on to that field which lies beyond the boundarj line of even conjectural philosophy, and reaches no man knows whither. He spoke of the soul and its aspirations ; of the spirit and its powers ; of second sight ; of prophecy ; of those phe- nomena which, under the names of ghosts, spectres, and super- natural appearances, have been' denied by the sceptics and attested by the credulous,' of all ages. " The world," he said, " grows hourly more and more scep- tical of all that lies beyond its own narxow radius ; and our mer of science foster the fatal tendency. They condemn as fable al that resists experiment. They reject as false all that cannot bc brought to the test of the laboratory or the dissecting-room Against what superstition have they waged so long and obsti nate a war, as against the belief in apparitions ? And yet wha superstition has maintained its hold upon the minds of men sc long and so firmly ? Show me any fact in physics, in history in archaeology, which is supported by testimony so wide and s( various. Attested by all races of men, in all ages, and in al climates, by the soberest sages of antiquity, by the rudes savage of to-day, by the Christian, the Pagan, the Pantheist the Materialist, this phenomenon is treated as a nursery tale fr the philosophers of our century. Circumstantial evidence weighs with them as a feather in the balance. The comparisoi of causes with effects, however valuable in physical science, i put aside as worthless and unreliable. The evidence of com petent witnesses, however conclusive in a court of justice, count for nothing. He who pauses before he pronounces, is con demued'as a trifler. He who believes, is a dreamer or a fool." He spoke ,with bitterness, and, having said thus, relapsed fo some minutes into silence. Presently he raised his head fron his hands, and added, with an altered voice and manner, " I, sir, paused, investigated, believed^ and was not ashame* to state my convictions to the world. I, too, was branded as visionary, held up to ridicule by my contemporaries, and hootei from that field of science in which I had laboured with honou during all the best years of my life. These things happene just three-and-twenty years ago. Since then, I have lived a you see me living, now, and the world has forgotten me, as ' have forgotten the'world. - ¥oti have my history." " It is avery sad "one," I answered, scarcely knowing what t answer. ' "It is a very common one," he replied. " I have only sui fered for the truth, as many a better and wiser man has sufferé before me." -. . " He rose, as if desirous-ei ending the conversation, and wa: over to the window ."" " It has. ceased snowing," he observed, as he dropped th cixrtain, j.nd;,r^n^e back to the fireside. ".Ceased!" I exclaimed, starting"eagerly to my feet. " Oh ¿fit were only- possible-but no ! it is hopeless. Even if I coul find niy way across*the moor; I could not walk twenty mile to-night." " Walk twenty miles to-night !" repeated my host. " Wha are you thinking bf ?" *;'....?" " Of my wife," I replied impatiently. " Of my young wife who does not know, that I have' lost my way, and who is at thi moment breaking her heart with suspense and terror." " Where is she ?" "At Dwolding, twenty miles away." . " At Dwolding," he echoed, thoughtfully. " Yes, the dis tance, it. is true, is twenty miles ; but-are you so very anxioii to save the next six or eight hours ?" " So very, very anxious, that I would give ten guineas at th: moment for a guide and a horse." . " Your wish can be gratified at a less costly rate," said hi smiling. "The night mail from the north, which change horses at Dwolding, passes within five miles of this spot, an will be due at a certain cross-road in about an hour and a quarter. If Jacob were to go with you across the moor, and put you into the old coach-road, you could find your way, I suppose, to where it joins the new one?" " Easily-gladly." . He smiled again, rang the bell, gave the old servant his direc- tions, and, taking a bottle of whisky and a wine-glass from the cupboard in which he kept his chemicals, said : " The snow lies deep, and it will be difficult walking to-night on the moor. A glass of usquebaugh before you start?" 1 I would have declined the spirit, but he pressed it on me, and I drank it. It went down my throat like liquid flame, and almost took my breath away. " It is strong," he said ; " but it will help to keep out the cold. And now you have no moments to spare. Goodnight!" I thanked him for his hospitality, and would have shaken hands, but that he had turned away before I could finish my sentence. In another minute I had traversed the hall, Jacob had locked the outer door behind me, and we were out on the wide white moor. Although the wind had fallen, it was still bitterly cold. Not a star glimmered in the black vault overhead. Not a sound, save the rapid crunching of the snow beneath our feet, disturbed the heavy stillness of the night. Jacob, not too well pleased . with his mission, shambled on before in sullen silence, his lan- tern in his hand, and his shadow at his feet. I followed, with my gun over my shoulder, as little inclined for conversation as . himself. My thoughts were full of my late host. His voice yet rang in my ears. His eloquence yet held my imagination cap- tive. I iemember to-this day, with surprise, how my over- excited brain retained whole sentences and parts of sentences, troops of .-brilliant images, and fragments of splendid reasoning, in the very words in which he had uttered them. Musing thus , over what I had heard, and striving to recal a lost link here and there, I strode on at the heels of my guide, absorbed and unob- servant. Presently-at the end, as it seemed to me, of only a few minutes-he came to a sudden halt, and said : " Yon's your road. Keep the stone fence to your right hand, and you can't fail Of the way." " This, then, is the old conch-road?" " Ay, 'tis the old coach-road." " And how far do I go, before I reach the cross-roads ?" " Nigh upon three mile." I pulled out my purse, and he became more communicative. The road's fair road enough," said he, " for foot passengers ; but 'twas over steep and narrow for the northern traffic. You'll, mind where the parapet's broken away, close again the sign- post. It's never been mended since the accident." " What accident?" " Eh, the night mail pitched right over into the valley below -a gude fifty feet an' more-just at the worst bit o' road in the whole county." "Horrible! Were many lives lost ?" " All. Pour were found dead, and t'other two died next morning." " How long is it since this happened ?" " Just nine year." " Near the sign-post,:you say ? I will bear it in mind. Good night." ^ " Gude night, sir, and thankee." Jacob pocketed his half crown, made a faint pretence of touching his hat, and trudged back by the way he had come. ; I watched, the light of his lantern till it quite (disappeared, and then .tinned to pursue my way alone. This -\ras no longer matter of the slightest difficulty, for, despite the dead darkness overhéad, the line, of stone fence showed distinctly enough against the pale gleam of the snow. How silent it seemed now, . with. only .my footsteps to listen to ; how silent and how solitary ! A strange disagreeable sense of loneliness stole over me. I ' walked faster. I hummed a fragment.of a tune. least up enormous sums in my head, and accumulated them at compound interest. I did my best, in short, to forget the startling specula- tions to which I had but just been listening, and, to some extent, I succeeded. * ' Meanwhile the night air seemed to become colder and colder, and though I walked fast I found it impossible to keep myself warm. My feet were like ice. I lost sensation in my hands, and grasped my gun mechanically. I even breathed with diffi- culty, as though, instead of traversing a quiet north country highway, I were scaling the uppermost heights of some gigantic Alp. This last symptom became presently so distressing, that I was forced to stop for a few minutes, and lean agamst the stone fence. As I did so, I chanced to look back up the road, and there, to my inflinite relief, I saw a distant point of light, like the gleam of an approaching lantern. I at first concluded that Jacob had retraced his steps and followed me ; but even as the conjecture presented itself, a second light flashed into sight -a light evidently parallel with the first, and approaching at the same rate of motion. It needed no second thought to show me that these must be the carriage-lamps of some private vehicle, though it seemed strange that any private vehicle should take a road professedly disused and dangerous. There could be no doubt, however, of the fact, for the lamps grew larger and brighter every moment, and I even fancied I could already see the dark outline of the carriage bétween them. 'It was coming up very fast, and quite noiselessly, the snow being nearly a foot deep under the wheels. And now the body of the vehicle became distinctly visible behind the lamps. It looked strangely lofty. A sudden sus- picion flashed upon me. Was it possible that I had passed the cross-roads in the dark without observing the sign-post, and could this be the very coach which I had come to meet ? No need to ask myself that question a second time, for here it came round the bend of the road, guard and driver, one outside passenger, and four steaming greys, all wrapped in a soft haze of light, through which the lamps blazed out, like a pair of fiery meteors. I jumped forward, waved my hat, and shouted. The mail came down at full speed, and passed me. For a moment I feared that I had not been seen or heard, but it was only for a moment. The coachman pulled up ; the guard, muffled to the eyes in capes and comforters, and apparently sound asleep in the rumble, neither answered my hail, nor made the slightest 'effort to dismount ; the outside passenger did not even turn his head. I opened the door for myself, and looked in. There were but three travellers inside, so I stepped in, shut the door, slipped into the vacant corner, and congratulated myself on my good fortune. The atmosphere of the coach seemed, if possible, colder than that of the outer ¡air, and was pervaded by a singularly damp and disagreeable smell. I looked round at my fellow-passen- gers. They were all three men, and all silent. They did not seem to be asleep, but each leaned back in his corner of the vehicle, as if absorbed in his own reflections. I attempted to open a conversation. " How intensely cold it is to-night," I said, addressing my opposite neighbour. He lifted his head, looked at me. but made no reply. " The winter," I added, " seems to have begun in earnest." Although the coiner in which he sat was so dim that I could distinguish none of his features very clearly, I saw that his eyes were still turned full upon me. And yet he answered never a word. At any other time I should have felt, and perhaps expressed some annoyance, but at the moment I felt too ill to do either. The icy coldness of the night air had struck a chill to my very marrow, and the strange smell inside the coach^was affecting me with an intolerable nausea. I shivered fronrhead to foot, and, turning to my left-hand neighbour, asked if he had any objection to an open window?. He neither spoke nor stirred. I repeated the question somewhat more loudly, but with the same result. Then I lost patience, and let the sash down. As I did so, the leather strap broke in my hand, and I observed that the glass was covered with a thick coat of mildew, the accumulation, apparently, of years. My attention being thus drawn to the condition of the coach, I examined it more nar- rowly, and saw. by the uncertain light of the outer lamps, that it was in the last state of dilapidation. Every part of it was not only out of repair, but in a condition of decay. The sashes splintered at a touch. The leather fittings were crusted over with* mould, and literally rotting from the woodwork. The floor was almost breaking away beneath my feet. The whole machine, in short, was foul with damp, and had evidently been dragged from some outhouse in which it had been mouldering away, for years, to do another day or two of duty on the road. I turned to the third passenger, whom I had not yet addressed, and hazarded one more remark. "This coach," I said, is in a deplorable condition. The regular mail, I suppose, is under repair ?" He moved his head «lowly, and looked me in the face, with- out speaking a word. I shall never forget that look while I live. I turned cold at heart under it. I turn cold at heart even now when I recal it. His eyes glowed with a fiery unnatural lustre. His face was livid as the face of a corpse. His blood- less lips were drawn back as if in the agony of death, and showed the gleaming teeth between. ' The words thatl.was about to utter died upon my lips, and a strange horror-a dreadful horror-came upon me. My sight had by this time become used to "the gloom of the coach, and I could see with tolerable distinctness. I turned to my opposite neighbour He, too, was looking at me, with the same startling pallor in his face, and the same stony glitter in his eyes. 1 passed my hand across my brow. I turned to the passenger on the seat beside my own, and saw- oh Heaven ! how shall, 1 describe what I saw ? I saw that he was no living man-thal none of them were living men like myself ! A pale phospho- rescent light-the light of putrefaction-played upon theil awful faces ; upon their hair, dank with the dews of the grave upon their clothes, earth-stained and dropping to pieces ; upor their hands, which were as the hands of corpses long buried, Only their eyes, their terrible eyes, were living ; and those eyes were all turned menacingly upon me ! A shriek bf terror, a wild unintelligible cry for help anc mercy, burst from my lips as I flung myself against the door and strove in vain to open it. In that single instant, brief and vivid as a landscape beheld ir the flash of summer lightning, I saw the moon shining dowr through a rift of stormy cloud- the ghastly sign-post rearing it! warning finger by the wayside-the broken parapet-th« plunging horses-the black gulf below. Then, the coach reelec like a ship at sea. Then, came a mighty crash-a sense o crushing pain-and then, darkness. It seemed as if years had gone by when I awoke one morninj from a deep sleep, and found my wife watching by my bedside I will pass over the scene that ensued, and give you, in half ¡ dozen words, the tale she told me with tears of thanksgiving I had fallen over a precipice, close against the junction of tin old coach-road and the new, and had only been saved fron certain death by lighting upon à deep snowdrift that had accu mulated at the foot of the rock beneath. In this snowdrift ! was discovered at daybreak, by a couple of shepherds, win carried me to the nearest shelter, and brought a surgeon to nr aid. The surgeon found me in a state of raving delirium, wi tl a broken arm, and a compound fracture of the skull. The letter in my pocket-book showed my name and address ; my wife wa summoned to nurse me ; and, thanks to youth and a fine con stitution, I came out of danger at last. The place of my fall, ! need scarcely say, was precisely that at which a frightful acci ' dent had happened to the north mail nine years before. I never told my wife the fearful events which I have jus related to you. I told the surgeon who attended me ; but h treated the whole adventure as a mere dream born of the feve in my brain. We discussed the question over and over again until we found that we could discuss it with temper no longer and then we dropped it. Others may form what conclusion they please-I knoiv that twenty years ago I was the fourt] inside passenger in that Phantom Coach. Lenar.ii. -Mrs. Limper's legacy. _ 