DOCTOR HOLPOBD'S PATIENT. (From Once a Week.) We had been great chums at college, John Baring and I, and having both eaten our terms at die Temple,., we continued fast friends, inhabited the sam» chambers, and waited together, with as njuch pa tience as might be, for briefs.. Briefs, however, were so long in coming that we had a preat deal of snare tune on our hands, and we used to run down often into the country for a breath of fresh air, and to look up old Mends and acquaintances. On one oT these occasions I took John down into my own country, Suffolk, on a visit to my father. He was glad enough to come, for if the truth must be told, a pretty sister of mine had made a deep im pression of his susceptible heart during the season iu London.. We had a merry time of it The birds were plentiful; and several balls and parties were given in the neigh bourhood, at which John and Emily en joyed themselves, I have reason to believe, to their hearts' content A very good fellow is John Baring, and I shall not ob ject to him as a brother-in-law some day, if — 7— but I must say no more on this subject, lest this paper should meet the governor's eye Among the neighbours whom we visited together was Dr. Holford, another old crony of mine in college days, now au M.D. practising in a country town a few miles from my home. ' What a pretty' woman Mrs. Holford is !' said John to me, as we lighted our cigars outside the doctor's door one night, previous to starting on onr walk home after a dinner party. ' And yet there's some thing uncanny in her look too,' he con tinued. ' I can't make it out Is she wicked, I wonder ; or has she a bee in her bonnet V ' She's as good as she's pretty,' I re joiued warmly; for Mrs. Holford was a groat friend of mine, and I did not like John's criticisms. ' My dear fellow, I daresay she may be, but you wou't make mo believe you don't 6ee what I mean. She has lovely eyes ' — John was a bit of an artist — ' but there is a queer look that comes into them now and then — looks as if she had seen a ghost once, and never got over it' ' Perhaps she did,' I said, a little stiffly. John stopped, and stared at me, ' I declare you know all about it, old bdy ! Here's a lark i A geiiuirie ghost story in real life, truth touched for by the ghost himself, eh 1' 'Well, not quite that,' I answered, laughing ; ' but therp is a story about Mrs. Holford that may account for the look you noticed. You certainly mistook your vo cation. You should offer your services to the spirit rappers, if you have such a knack of reading people's faces.' « I always knew my talents were thsown away,' remarked Johii in an aside. 'However,' I continued, 'there's no secret in this case, that I know of, so you shall hear the story if you care about it' ' M. right,' said John, puffing out a cloud of smoke, ' fire away Dick ; I'm pre pared to believe in any number of ghosts after that woman's eyes.' ' It's too long to tell now,' I said, ' but if you like — I jotted it down in the shape of a story at the time, — when we get home I'll give it you to read.' Accordingly, before going to bed, I added a few lines to my old MS. for John's benefit, and handad it to him, and, if he read it all — of total oblivion of it which he showed when sitting by Emily at breakfast next woru ing — be read rs folloirs : — ' But what on earth am I to do !' asked the doctor, in a tone half humorous, half sad, as he walked up the'High-street with his friend Mr. Bailey. ' If I warn her she won't stay with me a week ; I've lost two governess's already by listening to your advice.' ' Well,' doubtfully re joined Mr. Bailey, 'perhaps you are right. He may be safe enough, after all ; but a silly girl she must be !' ' On the con trary,' interrupted the doctor, warmly, ' she's a treasure ! As like her poor father as can be ; full of good sense and right feeling. I can't think what possesses her not to let that unfortunate man alone, and I can't warn her. Nobody has managed my poor brats the least like her since ? ' and the doctor couched away a sigh. A somewhat whimsical expression passed over his friend's face. Dr. Holford had lost his wife six mouths before, and bad been in a peck of troubles ever Bince about his three children, the youngest an infant of six months old. The doctor knew no more of the details of household economy than his baby, and it had become evident to all his friends that he could not exist long without a wife ; but whom should he marry 1 that was the question. To compli cate matters, Dr. Holfoid was obliged to eke out the profits of a not very remunera tive practice by receiving a patient at his own house, and rich patients were not always easy to find. At the time we write of he had just received as an inmate a soi disant nervous invalid, Walter Stone by name, whom he watched with singular carefulness, for in his secret soul the doctor knew the man was insane, and although in truth he believed him. to be perfectly harm less, yet he daily expected some mad freak or folly to appear. None hod as yet, and ill things had gone smoothly for two or throe weeks, when, according to the usual malignity of circumstances, a most incon venient and aggravating interest in Walter Stone began to appear in the conduct of Miss Stuart, the children's governess. It is true that Mr. Stone was a handsome young man, with a manner in which none but a professional eye could detect any taint of madness, but that made it all the more alarming ; and feeling himself as yet not thoroughly acquainted with tho state of his patient's mind, the doctor was on tenterhooks. As he said, he dared give no serious warning. A nervous patient might be all very well, but no governess would stay with a dead lunatic about thc house. So Dr. Holford was fain to let matters lake their course, trusting to the chapter of accidents, and to Miss Stuart's good sense to set her right in time. After all, he thought, there could be no great risk. Walter Stone had come to him with an excellent character fur quietness, and might, for all he knew, be curable. So he deter mined to hold his tongue, and hope that no bad consequences would ensue. What dill ensue we shall presently see. A day or two after his conversation with Mr. Bailey, the doctor -happened to look out from his surgery window on the little plot of ground at the back of his house, which he was pleased to dignify with the name of a garden. Dr. Holford worked in it a good deal himself, and took great interest in the one or two flower beds, and the bor der rich with bright colours, iu the ar rangement of which he flattered himself Sir Joseph Paxton could not hold a caudle to, him. The air was scented with the breath of lilacs and hyacinths, and the per fume of two gnarled old hawthorns, covered, one with white, aud the o(her wi^h pink blossom, that stood on the grass plot by the side of the path, and tliat were the pride of the doctor's heart. That garden was a kingdom for bees and butterflies, and they hummed and danced merrily in thc sunshine. On this peculiar May afternoon, a fresh little hutuan flower moved quickjy to and fro among the butterflies, clad in a soft grey stuff gown, with pink ribbons at the throat and wrist It was. thc young governess, Lizzie Stuart. She was a ftretty girl of abiut twenty, with large grey eyes and fair shiny hair. A sprig of pink may was stuck in the waistband that girded a small round waist, and they were very little feet that tapped impatiently upon the gravel walk. The doctor could not help watching her from thc window as he smoked his pipe ; she made such a pretty foreground to his favourite flowers as sh,c went and came under the hawthorns. Presently a 'young man came out and walked across the grass-plat towards her. She met him with an outstretched hand, and they strolled along the path together. It was perfectly natural that they should do so, and the doctor ought to have beeu glad that bis patient should be subjected to such soothing influences, but somehow he sighed a little as he saw how earnestly they were talking, her face bent up to him, and his beat down to her. Certainly Lizzie did not seem afraid of Walter Stone. The doctor put his pipe in the corner with another sigh, and went upstairs to dress for dinner. Thc pair in thc garden did not remain long together. Walter Stone sauntered back into the house, and Lizzie went on walking up and down the short gravel walk. For fear of mistake we had better let thc reader into a secret at once. Almost from the first moment, three months ago, when Dr. Holford had done her the immense honor of confiding to her care his motherless children, Lizzie Stu art's tender little heart had been in the doctor's keeping. Indeed, she had loved him all her life, as her father's Mend and her own ; but of late what was it that made Lizzie blush, all to herself, in the solitude of her own room, when she thought of tho gratitude and affection she owed to the doctor 1 Ah ! what a wealth of pity and devotion she poured out upon him in se cret, and what romantic castles were built up iu that graceful little head of hers, as 6he sat of an evening looking out upon the hawthorns, of the wonderful ways in which she was to be a kelp and a comfort to him, without his knowiug who had done the work ! But though her love was an 'open secret,' there was no one to fiud it out, except, in deed, the doctor himself, the hist man on whom the idea was likely to dawn, and it is doubtful if even Lizzie had more than an inkling of the truth. If she had, she guarded her secret jealousy, and only let to which the doctor mid no words, but 1 thanked and blessed Ijct in Jiis heart. But { within the last fortnight it bad occurred to this young woman to set herself up m judgment upon the doctors conduct, and after mature deliberation, she had cme to the cenclusion that be bad cither made a great mistake or was doing very wrong. The idea troubled her sorely. Miss Lizzie was a young lady who rather piqued herself upon thc possession of an independent judgment, and paid the yonthful penalty, of course, by sometimes too ranch under valuing the experience of her seniors. Her early training bad perhaps encouraged this state of mind ; for the father, dear as she had been to him, bad not been able to steer altogether clear of that wretched system of ' spoiling till five, trying experiments till fifteen, and contradicting up to twenty.' Besides all this, Miss Lizzie had lately been studying Dr.Winslow's 'Obscure Diseases,' that most popular of scientific works, aud had rebelled against thc theories therein propounded with all her heart. ' Very Hard Cash ' bad fallen in her way imme diately afterwards, and she had glovred with sympathy for Alfred's wrongs and Julia's love, and for all the supposed vic tims detained ia a thousand lunatic asy lums by commissioners in lunacy like those described by Mr. Read. And now Walter Stone had crossed her path, and lo ! her dreams were realised. He was pleasant, handsome, and as gentle as Alfred ; and, more than all, he bad appealed to her compassion, and poured into her car a .piteous story of the unnatural brother, who for the sake of obtaining the management of his, Walter's, property, had condemned' him to lifelong captivity. Lizzie knew as a fact that his brother had consigned him to Dr. Holford's charge, and that in spite of all his apparent liberty, he was narrowly watched ; in itself a suspicious circum stance, considering that nervous ailments only were the plea for his incarceration. She had even heard Dr. Holford chuckle over the story of the way in which he and Edward Stone had managed to entrap Walter into voluntarily giving his purse into their care, so as to render his escape, by train or other conveyance, impossible. And this was a sane man ! Lizzie's brain took fire at the thought To dispose of the certificate of lunacy was the work of a mo ment ; were they not all — those mad doctors, and Dr. Winslow in particular — ready to swear to any man's insanity at a moment's notice 1 And then Walter had told her that he had himself given opporta nitcs to his enemies in some moments of excitement consequent on the loss of money. But the doctor t there was thc rub. Could it be possible that Dr. Holford, the upright and honourable, had deliberately lent him self to this vile plot ? Even Lizzie's excited imagination could not lead her to believe that No, the man was not mad ; but the doctor had been deceived ; his keen eye had beeu blinded by Walter Stone's perfidious friends, who, though they had cautiously avoided committing them selves by speaking of more than ' nsrves,' had so cunningly worded their artful testi mony that the doctor hud jumped to the conclusion, without much personal observa tion, that Walter must be insane. That could not be a fault— at least — well, hardly, or if it were, she, Lizzie Stuart, would un deceive him, and enable him to make atonement And then she went off into a day-dream, aud was just in the middle of a speech from the doctor, expressive of his deep gratitude to her for having, by her woman's keen-sightedness and quick judg ment, disabused him of the idea under which, he had been labouring, &c;, &c;, when she looked up and beheld the moon had risen, and was already lighting up the top branches of the hawthorns. She turned into thc house, fully resolved to spenK se riously to the doctor the next morning. The moon was high in the heavcus when Lizzie Stuart went that evening, as her custom was' to sit in the nursery while nurse went down to her supper. At these times Lizzie always sat in a particular chair by the window. Nurse's white-curtained bod stood in a recess at ths back of the room ; a little to one side, but facing the fire — still necessary at night — was the baby's bassinet, of which little but the hood was. to be seen from where Lizzie sat The other two children slept in what was, in fact, au adjoining room, though the door of communication had long been removed, to make the two nurseries as far as possi ble into oik. There was no light in the room but the moonshine and the glimmer of the fire ; Lizzie leant back iu her chair and resumed her day-dream. By-and-by a low knock came at the door. ' Come in,' said Lizzie, wondering that nurse should have made such haste at her supper. The door opened softly, and Walter Stone put his head into the room. ' I want to speak to you, I want to speak to you,' he whispered excitedly ; you must let me come in ; it is most important' There was something queer about his manner, but Lizzie, strong in her c.inviction, was in no wise frightened. Besides, he had talked to her that day of escape, aud she longed to 'repeat the arguments she had used against any such scheme, for its success would be fatal to the doctor's credit While she hesitated, he stole silently up to her, closing the door behind him. No other man living would Lizzie have allowed to remain there, but her sympathy for Walter Stone was deep aud strong, all thc more strong from her love for the man who was doing him such un witting injury. How grieved the doctor will be to-morrow '. she thought, and she let Walter stay. He sat down by her side and remained silent After a miuutc or two the stillness grew oppressive, and she opened her mouth to speak. As she did so, she looked iu his face, ghastly in the moonlight Ah ! how awful was the change there ! His pleasant careless louk had disappeared, and in its stead was a dreadful expression of fixed malignity, of insane cuuning and rage ; the glare of a maniac's eye caught and fixed hers as she looked. Horror-stricken she drew back, but he bent forward, and said in a hissing whisper, ' I've locked the door, aud we can't be interrupted, no, no' Look here '' and he drew from his pocket an ordinary dinner knife, on which the moonbeams glittered hideously. ' Beautiful, isu't it ?' he muttered, as he stroked and seemed to fondle it, turning it from side to side. (?evils {li;.t cliiij' round, and prevent your coming with mo. I'll Eft you free, . .'11 ? '' c.:A lie lapsed into inarticulate ? Murmurs, still .«trol:in.5 the knife. Never, '. ': in :ill her lift!, (lid Lizzie Stuart forget the j. . sensations of that moment ; they come '' -\ back to her ofteu in dreams, even now.' ;-- She did not lose consciousness, but she -^ .i could not move ; her heart seemed to stand , ', still, and her brain to reel. ' The young- !: ? cst first,' he whispered at last, and, leav-' ;: i ing her suddenly, he darted towards thc ij.;- hearth. For one second the knife gleamed M;.jj brightly in the moonlight as be brandished jl :r it aloft, the next he bad plunged it deep ^f - into the bassinet. Oh God, there was no -it I cry! A wild shriek rose to Lizzie's lips. ?''^] Repressing it with a violent effort, she ^sj collected her senses and walked to his side: %£ ' I must kill the others myself,' she said, 3Jj|.j; with an unfaltering voice ; ' let me do it '? J%f.: they would not be quiet otherwise.' Tho njf ji; maniac turned towards her a horrible facai4|[ of triumph. 'You're one of the right'^;; sort ;' he exclaimed enthusiastically.' 'f|*« ' The young May moon is beaming, love.' ?fe Thc glowworm's lamp is gleaming, lovcJ^WjiJ How sweet to rove — No, that't not it — Su Jg9 she kilted her gown o' green satin, and ,-«rt tuclcit up to her knee— Lizzie Lindsay— J^ffii that's you ; Lord Ronald Clan Donald— j*j6J{; that's me. Won't we be happy 1 No^l^i then ?' ' Yes, I'm going,' she said, BliLgjjLt: speaking calmly ; ' wait here till I comtg W^. back.' He stooped to draw the knife ouj^i if of the bassinet ' No, don't do that,' shi ^ |i! whispered, forcing herself to lay her hauc y.- tf upon his arm, and turning away her eyes ?;! ;J! lest the sight that might meet them shoul^-jl m unnerve her, ' 1 have a fancy fordoing ii;j m differently.' He 6tood upright again, an-| | motioned her to go, and only ae she movef.-g to where the other children slept, she rc^ ; membercd with sick horror that there wa, | ; no door between the rooms. Despair gnx- ; her courage, she quickened her pace; h.s- did not follow her — there was a moment's^ respite. Softly and rapidly she threw |§j ' coverlet over the two lair sleeping headtf 5 thcu she flew to the bell. A violent pull— J. another — and the bell rope broke in h^| hand. Would anyone come ? The mac| man heard the twang of the wires, and ? suspected treachery. He sprang towardj the room, but Lizzie was too quick fqj him. She stood in the doorway, wits dilated eye and upraised hand. 'Walte'jj Stone, go back,'' she commanded in |g j solemn voice. ' It is all done. I forbi | J you to enter here.' For a' moment th! ? lunatic cowered before her, awed by tb,v S3 light in those gleamiug eyes, then h'| JS sprang at her throat like a wild beast A; | instant's struggle, an instant's agony lik : S unto death, and with a mighty crash tbj , 9 door burst open, and Dr. Holford, wi^j | tho exertion of his whole strength, draggc - m the madman from the choking girL %i I hold him - singly was impossible. H , 1 broke fronr the doctor's grasp, threw u j 1 the window, and with a loud laugh lea] i I into thc garden below, where the dull thu i I of his fall was heard just as the assistan j | whose carelessness had permitted him 1 ? j| secrete the kDifc, appeared upon ^tlj I scene. 'Go down, go down,' cried U.jC 1 doctor, pointing to the window. Tl.| 1 assistant looked out and hurriedly di- 1 appeared, aud the doctor gave all h| | attention to Lizzie. She bad not fainted « 3 she could not do so ; not at all events wil 5j S the dreadful news untold, but she w- 3 1 gasping for breath. The doctor bent ov( f_ i her. ' Lizzie, dear Lizzie, -look up. - j|| || see how it was. You were defending a | | children. You have saved their live | 8 Try to look up, and tell me you are ni | I hurt' But Lizzie shrank from the tend; ! 1 words, and cowered miserably in her chai ] | She strove to compel her parched tongv \ i to speak, and tell him that by her fol | | she had caused the death of his baby, b\l \l a hissing gurgle came instead of word I ; j aud ended in an bysterio shriek. Tl j } servants, and nurse among them, h{ = j § come crowding in by this time, and a loi | ! I exclamation from the latter startled the | | j all. 'Gracious powers what is this ?' ai ? j i she drew forth the knife from the bassini ] I and held it up in view of the rest, i 5 | polished surface still undimmed. ' We I i the Lord be praised for his mercy ! !| I were his providence, that it were, that p; ? 1 it iuto my bead all of a sudden to-da |j 1 that baby v.-ere a growing too big for j | bassinet, aui I put her in the old c ' fj by my bedside, and drawed. my«urtai;] j round her, aud there she is, the precip % 1 lamb, awake and a smiling at us all, '. ( ? good as sugar.' Lizzie heard the wore | I or rather some dim idea of their meani ?- j penetrated to her brain, but the relief yt, I | too sudden to be realised at once. S jj | understood that confession was not needft S p but remorse was as bitter as ever. S5 1 j stood up aud held out her hands impH j | iugly. ? 'Can — you — for — give?' a'j ;j whispered pituously, and fell forward in -i || dead faint upon the doctor's shouldei i [[ For many, many months Doctor Holfo ' \ j tended Lizzie through thc nervous fev '? '. i that followed upon her swoon. At o j || time he almost despaired of her recovei ' s| but youth and a sound constitution cc . ||| quercd, and she rose at last from her si' I |i bed, the shadow of what she had bet ; ij The doctor pronounced change of air ai * | scene to be absolutely necessary during b -' % convalescence, and simultaneously disc ; a vered that he had beeu working too hai ' [i and required a holiday and a month \ \ I two abroad. Rumour states that he ii ', 1 parted these conclusions to Lizzie Stuai -, || and made sundry other confidences to hi ? || during one very long and earnest convi \ |£ sation which they had, walking slowly 1 §| and down, he feeble steps tenderly su ?, pf ported by his arm, under the old ha ' gf thorns, brilliant with autumn berries. ' i You have seen Mrs. Holford. Do yi \ « wonder now at the btraugc look in her eye i Walter Stone fractured his skull in his fa ?? I He was insensible for many days, but , 1 length consciousness returned, and the - I who watched around his bed thanked G- '? t to see that all traces of insanity had disa j peared. They looked forward hopefully * thc future, bat his career on earth w f\ ended. He sank gradually, and died ' a few weeks. He lived long enough to deeply thankful to have been spared frc ?, the awful crime he had so nearly committe ' aud to send, through Doctor Holford, . .' message of gratitude and blessing to V ! woman, who, by her self-command &! |H| 