TJFPES MABX. ? ' ? ^ ^[from o.ub own cobbespondent.] The farmers are all in fits. When *' the divine 'VilliainJ' as .the French .cail.Sb.akspere, talks of ihe. waves eombining -to swaliow varigation . jujp^tbe figure -is; intelligible, and more than tbat-^justifiable, -poetic, and as appropriate as « 'figure' can lie ; but when ^a competent authority'' talks about ; tliat extraordinary «rime, which cannot be the subject of Inquiry . in the District Court, of ' setting fire' to 'navi- \-- gation/' one must pause and wonder at so mighty a «riminal ceneepjtion (29 Vic., No. 5, ? fiec.^)-T-N0^37(seethe-7fc7,«w5cfcJ December 9) -^even tf the unpleasant thought will obtrude itself i-that the authority is ^ not .so very compe ? tent'»fter-«ll ; which is strange, too, for the tnan nwhO''0)e8rso' -far .as ^toswarn ordinary' ' f^ojile against burning canals; jte certainly not / sndqpable of 'setting even , the ^Thames ,on .fire' Again, .we hameaQlieard of the Milesian, who ? captured Ids - prisoners by surrounding ithemj i,»nd' We - have all laughed for obvious : ~ Reasons at.the story ; but we are still more in ^ned^to laujghter when we think . of a . grave . anairin a. wig telling ,ns how one man may 1 . oombine and«nter. into a conspiracy with him «elf 1 i—No. 50 : 29 Vfe, No. 6. 1 After reading \- 'the list igiven'by « W. H. A. H.,*' we fanners ~ fiave been: puzzling our .thick lieads to know ^rbatoffeuces can he within th^' jurisdiction of . the District Courts = but you must excuse our (Stupidity, jar.;pj^piin^oOThg.*oaJ tell in the ^endion the brightest intellect amongstus, and ?? -^e«nly Jiopelbat'no one m Maryborough Will ' Tain our%ireat high way ly sendiag'tbe Mary to blazes.: ^ Thelangaageij^^ she susceptible ^f differentVinMnings, but the —genius whoootnpiled the-iist of offences should; k«memtH»fchaMho~ug^ above, it isftnfA iwntrary; to, toy ; ie&sdn---as; There is ^at litfie exciting on our banks to -lecord jost now- ? .The cora Grops, are;, looking ; .«%msrbetbly well, after such glorious spring, ^betterthan^luchis?n-^^thmthe'memoiy--f living jvhitefnan. We^^are intiie general ^ tigor iof growth^ and'will notbe kept down 'by ; liee or' hand; theie/.u nothing., for it bnt ^ploughing, whidhi-tiiy this &me; next year, will bfe theirale ahd hot 'the exception on the rlveV. —It wtll-l-e indeed«-ied4etter day in the farmers' ^Tendar^n^|wlifeV!theyf ^irow gaaide the hoe r^he l^iy^iOTgh 'people ate not suspected I of xefined ^taste i-y outer barbarians, but we haveoften rirbnde^that^'residenceof -a year ?'^-r - tm inv^htsiiand &as; sot .taught them a . liking', for good fthiiigs,' and / among the good ; „ things, ' tolt^l^ year,' 'thatr.grown. on :the in' mbst instances unsaleable, -land al80, B0 that Jittleif any will be : gro'W for sale tbisyear. Pine-appl^. and they &&u; be .grown here to perfection,' are counted by Viost people delicious,- and in ;.any.«-ther place ^ i^ian Maryborough would be -profitable, to the grower, hut*-Ze gusttbiisnondisputandum, jand 5f-p^fle3don't ^like-them-its theirmisfortune {in f-oiy ^bimationj, and not .their iault,. . Do ai'dt'^hiat ^I'dTh- ^advertisihgmy bwnpines for sale, for i liave only one growing, half of ?S2WhichfJwean';toveaton=Ghristmai-day,and from the other half I will exnress as much . , Juice as may make .me a good glass of ;r . .^Stigginian' wine to wash down the puddings * . 'wij&. But tiiis is a digression. One. man has ? : jaeafly 150 plants (each capped with apples) . ; occupying only a space of seven yards by ; ^ thirtyrthree ; they might be ..set down fairly . . as worth fouipence apiece to sell were he near . Brisbane, while here they will be eaten by c ' liipaself and friends, who will make beasts of themselves on the occasion of the ripening of the fruit, which here is commercially valueless, . though if grown in larger quantities it might ' ' be profitably exported. Some attention will be given t6 these things in time. This time last year were we looking forward to the jollifica ' tion of a race meeting at Owanyilla, but the times are changed and so are we, and the race . ^ conrse will be undisturbed this year by horse qr jockey. However, we shall all have a trip on Boxing-day somewhere; to Bopple, perhaps, .when we mean to find out the*ghost who the niggers believe dwells on the conical peak of that nicturesaue mountain. If lgetvou an \- ? '* invitation, 1 trust we shall see you with your hamper and Allsopp's pale ale, ill ^ ;Mary River, 19th December, 1865. X '-.7 P.S.— The ghost is a female, I hear, which accounts- for the excursion. We gO in drays, and take soda water, ginger pop, and sar cB&pariila; to quench our thirst; for meat we ^ '^nSst to' out kangaroo dogs, and we take each ^ ^ a^maize-damper ; cooked by Mr. Adams, pump ^^. Jkih^ And seed-potatoes, for we cannot afford to ' naafl. If you will bring salt and ^ SjpKropfer you will season our food, as your wit ? '^''^pppor-.^alk. -.:? ? ? '?/ — — — — ^ — i — i — MMM'j JBrrbctsof a Watebsi^ut.— An extcaordi naiy phenomenon occurred in the Forest of Ghantilly two days since. About three in the afternoon a waterspout passed across the forest In 'less 'than five minutes, .destroying almost ''^fi^hing iri its passage for a width of fifty ^ ^ vkrM-and alength of nearly five miles. About | wfftteeRf- ^tfahy of them . oaks of large size, \- . either broken^ff close to the ground or toni tip-by the roots and shivered to splinters. \- ^T^ of 'the rides reserved for exercising the , M.M. Lupin and Aumont are so ' 'blocked np with the broken trees as to be alto ^ gather impassable.- — 'Guliffnani. The Seabch fob Leichabdt. — To the few contributory to the above cause in New South I Wales, it may be interesting to be informed 1 that the Melbourne Ladies' Committee are in ! receipt of contributions from home per last mail, and that there is a prospect of the search not being abandoned for' the want of funds until definite information is obtained of the missing Leichardt party.— Sf M. Herald. The -Warwick correspondent of the Leader Says : — On Saturday afternoon, about 5 o'clock, while dark thunderclouds were hovering about in two or three quarters, a cloud like a great curtain, apparently about a mile broad, and of a dirty milk color, was observed to approach the town of Warwick from the west. It was evidently a cloud of hail, and it was not long before the storm burst upon us in all its fury. Many of the hail-stones were as large, or nearly as large, as pigeon's eggs, aod were driven with great violence by a terrific wind, which accompanied the storm. Of course very little glass could, withstand such violence. Wherever the side of. a house faced the wind, and any of its windows were unprotected by a verandah, most of the glass was smasbed. In one such house, where there were twenty-one panes of glass, three only escaped unbroken. On the exposed side of the English Church, forty-four paheis ' were broken in three windows, and ' I am told that all the glass in the west window of the Roman Catholic chapel was broken ; while in many private bouses the broken panes of glass must be counted by twenties and fifties and more. The finy of the storm burst over the very centre of the town. It was less Violent at. the Rosenthal slip-rails, and extended very little beyond that point. On the other side, the storm extended but a short distance to tbe north- of the Condamine. Many bushels of fruit have been knocked off from the trees. The greatest part' of such fruit is in too crude a state to.be of any use, but some of the apricots and peaches are sufficiently advanced to be serviceable for the cook, and many tarts and - puddings are in prospect for some time to come. Most fortunately a large supply of glass arrived in Warwick a few days ago. A glazier tells me there is sufficient in the town to mend all the broken windows. Credit.— Few people who have not been : behind the scenes can be aware what immense j interest can be obtained in London — in the city, from business men who' ate reported to be in good and 'even excellent circumstances — if the thing is managed quietly, and no one knows that the advance has been made. In every bank, every bill-discounter's office, every finance company's establishment, there are small, Chnbb-locked ledgers, which, if laid open to the world, would cause a far greater sensation east' of Temple Bar than if all the ' seals of confession' throughout Europe were broken. It is not only the needy West-end swell, or the broken-down guardsman, or the man that has made a lad book at Goodwood, that must have money, and will pay any price for it, provided the transaction is ' kept dark.' I have known a firm whose signature in any commercial town in Europe would have been good for half a million and more, so hard up, that if they had not been accommodated with two or three hun dred thousand pounds, they must, as the Ame ricans say, have 'cracked up.' In such cases, men don't go to their bankers; on the contrary, they.always endeavor to keep up a good show with that individual, and for this reason never allow their balance with him to run lower than a certain fixed amount. Customers like these we dealt largely with, and, of course, made them jay highly for the accommodation we gave. them. 1 remember an instance of this kind. A bill-broker came to me as managing director of the ?' house and land' -one morning, and asked whether we would accept his drafts on our company for a hundred and fifty thou sand pounds, provided we came to terms res-' pecting the interest and commission which was to be paid. I, of course, answered his question, Scotch fashion, bv asking another, which was. What securities lie had to offer us. He named certain7 bonds;, shares, debentures, and such like, all of which were - quite third or fourth class securities. These I declined, feeling cer tain that there must bejgomething behind which I could not yet see, and being, at the same time,- somewhat surprised that so old a hand in obtaining loans, discounts, and advances, should propose such very indifferent ^entity. Presently, as if struck with a sudden thought, he exclaimed, ' Suppose I was to bring you a letter of guarantee from Messrs. Blank and Blan^' naming a, Very large and .first-class discounting firm in the city, 'would you let me have the money ?' I at once replied that I would, - and in twenty minutes he returned, bringing with him the letter from the firm he had named, m which they undertook to repay Us the loan, ^if it was not liquidated by the bor rower on such a date, or to pay off any portion of the loan which was unpaid at that .period. The security was undonbted, and, after some little bargaining .about the commission and in terest, the transaction was concluded, although I was still sadly puzzled to understand how it was that the broker bad obtained the guarantee of Messrs. Blank and Blank, or what he could want with so large a sum of money. In due time the loan was repaid, but it was not until some months later that 1 found out, by mere chanCe, the outs and ins of the transaction. The 'broker some months later suspended pay ment, and as. he owed our company a few hundred pounds, I was appointed one of the committee to investigate his affaire. His books were 'not very voluminous, and were exceedingly well kept,~all in his own hand writing. Amongst Other matters, I found that he had no less than three separate ac-i counts open with the great discount house of ; Messrs. Blank and Blank. One of these was' a discount account, in which it appeared: that he bad, from time to time, in the regular way of business, discounted bills of cnstomeiis with the firm. This war of perfectly intelligible, and needed no explanation whatever.' The second, a loan account, was also plain. The broker had from time to time borrowed money from the great discounting house, and had repaid such advances. Bnt the third account, headed Guarantee Account with Messrs. Blank and Blank, I could make nothing of. From it the broker appeared to be a creditor of Messrs. Blank and Blank, and nothing was shown why or wherefore these sums ' due to him, or paid to him, had been earned. We could not make the books balance by taking in this account. The name of our company being put down as a creditor of Messrs. Blank ana Blank, made me still more anxious to learn all about the transactions detailed in the books, and I questioned the j broker concerning it. At first he declined I altogether to answer me, but, upon being | pressed, and upon my threatening to have the estate thrown into bankruptcy, when he would be obliged to answer the commissioner of the court, he gave me the information I required. It would appear that Messra. Blank: and Blank,' althnnsrh nassinsr for men of almost unbounded wealth, were often very bard pushed for money. They did not like to make their wants knoWn to anyone, as to do so they would at once and for eveir . ruin their credit. What they did, therefore, was to employ as middleman my friend the broker, -who borrowed the money as if for himself, but gave the security of those for whom'he really obtained the loan.' I found 'that the same little game had been carried on with almost every bank and finance company in London, and that, whilst passing for a firm that could command any sum it liked, they were in point of fact, obliged day by day t-o feed their till with the money of others, borrowed in the name of a third party. — London Paper. 