SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. The quarterly so[?]ree in connection with the South Austra- <*> lian Institute was held at White's Rooms, on Monday evening, June 12. In addition to a lecture by the Rev. S. Green on "the Ingoldsby Legends," the Governors had secured the services of tbe Christy's Minstrels, jnst-prior to their departure from the colony. The Issue of tickets wag limited to TOO; but long before the time arrived for commencing- proceedings, every seat was taken, and many persona were obliged to stand. Just before s o'clock Bis Excellency, accompanied by Lady Daly and Miss Daly, tbe Private Secretary (Mr. D. G. Daly), and tbe AJde-de-Camp (Mr. D. D. Daly), entered the room, and were received with applause. Hie Excellency, in opening the proceeding!, said be was there—not tor the first time—to comply with the request of the Governors, to preside at their soiree. Tbe progress of the Institute was very gratifying, and if popularity was any proof of success, they bad one that night. Bfany attractions had been held oat, and be never saw that room so well, so respectably, and so aatisfaotorily-fiued as at tbe Institute soirees. He hoped these entertainments would continue to take the lead of every other attraction. He could not do better, in referring to the progress of the Insti tute, than read a memorandum which had been placed very recently in bis hands by the very efficient Secretary. It was as follows:— " Library.—There is not much In connection with the Library which calls for special mention on this'occasion. The estimated number of subscribers on March 31st, was 968, showing a falling off of 19 since the previous quarter. As, however, the number at any given time can only be roughly estimated, such a diminution is quite immaterial, the more so, as, taken year by year, the number of sub scribers shows a steady increase. Tbe number of books cir culated in the quarter ending March 31, was 13,062, being an increase of about 900 volumes upon the corresponding quarter or 1861. The system ot priority circulation of books, designed to meet. In some degree, the complaints of tbe diffi culty of obtaining books ot Interest from the Library, is gradually gaining ground, and appears to give satisfaction to those subscribers who have given it a trial, By the last mail, a small box of new books Was received from England (in addition to the regular box of periodicals). A similar box will be received in future by each alternate mail; and it is expected that thereby tbe supply of new books' Will be better kept np than has for a considerable time been passible under the system now abandoned— *c, sending on one monthly box only. •' Museum—Very considerable additions have recently been made to the Museum, more especially to the department of Ornithology. A collection of minerals and fossils, lately received from England, are now being unpacked, and will shortly be exhibited. ?• Classes.—Tbe Drawing Classes, and that for French and German, though not so large as could be wished, continue to meet regularly. They do not appear to have increased much in number eince last soiree. The Orpheus Society continues its weekly meetings at whiob. for some months, the choruses in the *' Messiah" have been regularly practised. About 40 members are in the habit of attending ths weekly rehearsals. The 3rd Elementary HoUah Class, which also contains about 40 pupils, is about commencing the practice of UuUah's Part Music as an Upper Class. In a few months it will be absorbed in the Orpheus Society. Mr. Price proposes to open the ?th Elementary Class on Monday. June 19. "The Derby Day.—Mr. Friths's celebrated picture, "The Derby Day." Is now being exhibited in the Institute, and will, doubtless, be an object of much Interest and attention." For himself he would say that he thought Adelaide and South Australia hid grown into a position to demand accommodation for a Museum—(cheers)—and he hoped steps would be taken to form such an Institution, as it was so valuable a help to education, and that the Institute would not long be without a larger Museum than It could at present boast of. (Applause.) Respecting the picture of the Derby Day, he said be was not familiarly acquainted with such scenes as that depicted. Still, he had seen the one referred to. and he must say that the pioture was a most true and Just repre sentation of tha scene, and the execution of it exceeded in perfection of delineation anything he hai ever beheld in bis life. He was very glad to see that such productions of art were brought here, and he hoped this would only be one of a number which should be Introduced into the colony, and he trusted that they would elucidate subjects which would ba even more interesting than horse' racing -was to a South Australian public. (Applause.-) The musical progaamme was commenced by the singing in capital style, of Richards's beantiful quartette, '-God Bleisthe Prince of Wales," by Messrs. Collins, Herberte. Rayner, and Feuillade. Mr. Herberte then rendered tbe " Rizzio legend ballad," in a manner which elicited applause Signor Abeeco'e harp solo. " Musical reminiscences," was enthusiastically encored, and be substituted a pleasing song which called forth loud approbation. Then followed the pleasing old English duet," The larboard watch." The Rev. S. Green then delivered his lecture on *• The Rhymes, Bathos, Humor, and Pathos of the ' Ingoldsby Legends.'* " He remarked that many might be surprised tliat be should have chosen snob a subject for his lecture, bat be protested against the principle that placed such a broad line between the laity and clergy as was thus attempted to be feet up. Long laces were often accompanied by narrow fore heads, and if they doubted tbe truth of the axiom let them look in a spoon. (Laughter.) Laughter was good and healthy, and if there wen any-men of commerce there that night he would say, " The man that hath not laughter in his soul, let no such man be trusted." (Benewed laughter.) Sorely, he said, if one sex did the talking for both, they might, at least, be allowed to laugh together. (Cheers and laughter.) The author of the " IngoldsbyiLegends" was the Rev. Richard H. Barron, who was born in 1788\. and died in IMS. aid was a -contributor to Bl&okwood.; The legends of Xogoldsby werelremarkable jfor their general humor and depth of feeling; and although Mr. Barron had had many rivals, he had -had no equal. Tbe rhymes of Ingoldsby were very perfect, and words seemed to flow from his pen in perfect and uninterrupted cadence. He bad an extraordinary power over words, picking np huge misshapen words, and using them in a wonderful and extraordinary manner. The lecturer (cave several Instances. The rhythm of tbe legends were unequalled, and it was In this respect that Ingoldsby's Imitation failed: He alluded to the nature of bathos, and remarked that there was hardly an instance in which bathos was to be met with throughout the legends. Ingoldsby strongly deprecated the practice of converting various places into shows, simply on account of some historical circumstances connected with them. He next alluded to some of the objectionable features in tbe legends, and then passed on to speak of their humor. They were, he said, the essence of merriment—they were, in fact, steeped in it; but withal there was no forced mirth. He noticed, too, tbe almost entire absence of puns in the legends. His rollicking jollity was superior to these. He trafficked with ghosts, and invested with faumor things which bad anything but-humor. Ue closed the first part of his lecture by readin? the legend of "David Price," which created considerable amusement. After an interval for conversation, Bfessrs. Collins, Herberte, Rsyner, and Feuillade sang tne Orpheus quar tette, " Banish, oh maiden," Mr. W. P. Collins then came forward and rendered the Minstrels' comic song " The Hen Convention." the chorus being performed by the company. It provoked considerable mirth, and was loudly redemanded, but Mr, Co<Hns reappeared, and said the exertion was too great to permit of an immediate repetition. Then followed a violin solo from De Berrit, and a song, "Happy be thy Dreams," by Signor Abbecco, which was, as usual, encored. Tbe Bey. Mr. Gbeen then continued his lecture. He alluded to the varied characters in the Legends, and the singular group which they would nuke for a Tenniel or a Doyle to ponrtray, and he ventured to say they would draw as large crowds as ** The Derby Day," and would be quite as interesting. The women of Ingoldsbywere well pourtrayed, and his representations gave them' some idea of the characters of the women of his day. Tbe wives henpecked their husbands just as now. and gave curtain lectures with equal vigoras they did at present—(laughter)—but Ingoldsby paid the ladies some high compliments. There was some fine humor in the prose legends, and some of his footnotes were very humorous and clever. After all, however, there was much in the " Ingoldsby Legends," which they would rather not see. He frequently made vioe appear only as a little weakness, and treated immorality with too much levity. Be here recited "Adventures at Margate," which caused considerable amusement, and conoluded a highly entertaining and eloquent lecture amid loud applause. The Minstrels then sang a chorus from Faust. This was followed by the song and chorus of "Dixie's Land," which was rapturously encored.' Mr. Rayner'?Bong; " Dear Mother, I've come home to die," was received with much favor, as was also the favorite duet "Excelsior," by Messrs. Eaynerand Herberte. Mr. J. P. Bodcadt, M.P., then proposed in highly com plimentary terms, and Mr. A. Stow seconded, a vote cf thanks to the talented lecturer, which compliment was gracefully acknowledged by the Bey. Mr. Green. Mr. J. H. Clark called on the company to accord by acclamation their thanks to toe Governor for presiding, and he expressed a hope that His Excellency would lend all his influence to secure the erection, not only of a larger Museum, but also of a larger Institute, (Applause.) His Exceixenct, in acknowledging the compliment, promised them that nothing should be wanting on his part in trying to meet their wishes respecting the matter alluded to by Mr. Clark. (Cheers.) The proceedings terminated shortly before 11 o'clock, by tbe singing of tbe National Anthem. 