PUIV©H AT THE THEATRE. The only dramatic feature of any prominence during the week at the Prince of Wales theatre was the appearance of Mrs. Charles Poole m the arduous character of "Hamlet." Mr. Punch is not generally m favor of parts which by right exclusively belong to the sterner sex, being sustained by ladies, however great their abilities may be : but nis Demg premised, ne is bound to say that as far as her performance was concerned, she gave an intelligent rendering of the character — in tact, she would bear most favourable comparison, in an intellectual point of view, with many aspirants for dramatic fame in this most difficult, and yet most frequently attempted, of Shakspcrian persona tions. To play Hamlet even tolerably well, is 110 mean achievement ; and it is but justice to say that Mrs. Poole did more, and evidenced j a thorough appreciation of her author, and a conscientious desire to j do him full justice. The tragedy was repeated on Thursday with in- ! creased eclat, and was performed, as far as the rest of the company j were concerned, with spirit and effect, Miss Kate Warde in particular ! both playing and singing" OpAe/e/- charmingly. Vinson's Tolouim , and Andrews' Grave-digger, were both artistic, and Barry was impressive and sonorous as the Ghost. On Monday, Wilkie Collins' " Woman in White " will make her first appearance in a dramatic form at this theatre. The farewell entertainments of Mr. and Mrs. George Case have continued to attract large gatherings at the School of Arts. Their engagement positively concludes on Saturday next (when they, by general desire, give an afternoon as well as an evening performance). These (with the exception of a limited series of suburban entertain ments pending the departure of the next Hew Zealand steamer) will be the last opportunities, at least for the present, afforded the New South Wales public of enjoying the varied round of entertainmant provided by this accomplished couple. The Lancashire Bell-ringers commence a farewell series of their unique and popular concerts at the School of Arts on Monday night next, when they will be assisted by the "approved good" names of Madame F. Harris, and Mrs. Cordnee. Their great success on former occasions iiatnrally induces the belief that their re-appearance will be both gratifying to the public, and profitable to themselves. Herr Sipp, whose pianoforte playing has already earned him consi derable reputation in private circles, shortly intends to give the general public a " a taste of his quality in other words, he will give a con cert at the Masonic Hall on the 18th instant, under the patronage of Lady Young, when, doubtless, he will prove to the many, that he is deserving of the high commendation already accorded to him by the few. 