PRIVACY. [FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW, JUNE 3.] No nation sacrifices so much for privacy as the English. It is not too much to say that the passion for it multiplies more than twofold the expenses of living, and even outweighs in some cases the fear of positive danger to life. For the sake of it, every man must have his own house to himself, and consequently appropriates to himself four or five times as much ground as is really necessary to sup port the amount of house-room he requires. In the country, the taste is natural and harmless ; in London, it enhances extravagantly the rate of house-rent, besides extending most inconveniently the area of the town. Every purpose either of comfort or convenience would be fully answered by the far cheaper plan which prevails in Paris, and to some extent in Edinburgh. But the diffe rence between going out upon a common staircase, when you open your front door, and going into a common street, is sufficient to persuade the Eng lish, rich and poor, to renounce all the advantages of the cheaper foreign system. In the same spirit, every small English middle-class family thinks it necessary to have its own cook. It has not enough work for a cook, except it be one of the most unskilful kind. But it would be an intoler able sacrifice of the isolation which to an English man is almost the equivalent of liberty to club with other families in tho employment of a cook, by obtaining their dinners from a traiteur. The result of courso is, that tho dinners of all classes of English people, except those that can afford to ho careless of expenso, aro tho ' worst and dourest in tho world. Tho difficulty pur sues us oven into our railway travelling. Thore ha3 been a grout deal of controversy recently upon tho subject of establishing a communication between tho pusscngers and tho guards of railway trains. Tha public say it mnst bo donoj or neither tlioir lives nor repututions will be sufe ; and tho railway directors reply with a stolid non posaumus. But tho whole difficulty, though it mignt bo un doubtedly smoothed over if wo had bodies to deal with rather less impracticable than railway boards, really arises from the English passion for privacy. The communication betweon guards and passengers would preaont no difficulties at all if the national tastes would permit us to adopt tho Swiss or Ame rican car. Undor such un arrangement, tho pnblio would not only bo protected abso lutely from drunkards, murdorera, lunatics, aud tho liko, but it would bo impossible for prudent minded yonug women to bring respec table people iuto troublo by imaginary tales of assaultod virtue. But tho division of tho train into partitions of sixes, though it yields after all but a very limited kind of privacy, is too precious to English habits of thonght to bo sacrificed even to the preservation of life or reputation. Tho impos sibility of urranging anything in the nuturo of a table d'hote at clubs, instead of tho long row of Biuglo tables ; the obstinate adherence to the churoh pew, in Bpite of its dirt and many inconvoniences ; tho fact that a semi-detached houso is at a serious disadvantage, in point of rent, in comparison to n wholly detached house of equal size — ull point to tho sumo muster-passion in the modern English mind, which soems to grow with the development of the nation, und to sprend with each succeeding generation more and moro into tbo smallost details of life. Yet there is ono dj^uil of life into which this all-poworfut passion seems unable to foroe its way. It is curious to observo how Englishmen, so joalous of thoir privacy, endure n numbor of servants who destroy it altogether. Sorvnnts may be a necessity of civilised life, until tho happy day when steam substitutes should have been invented ; but it is odd that the English people should bo accustomed to bring moro of thoso disturbers of privacy into their households than tho inhabitants of any other 'Western nation — comparing, of courso, thoso in the various ' countries who ? aro of equal moans. Perhaps it is that tho English householder does not readily confess to himself that hia servants are in any wuy couneoted with tho species to which he himself condescends to bolong. If he were asked why' ho was so careful to keep away overy ono elso who might broak in upon tho privacy of his family, aud yet took tho presence of his servants so quietly, ho would probably reply, as tho French DueheBs did' who was reproached for having a man-servant to assist hor at her toilet — ' Do you call that a man?' By tho freedom of the conversation which is main tained in the presence of servants, it is evident that the majority of people look upon thom as a kind of apes, who are incapablo ol unJci-atanding what is said ; or else, under tho influence of a temporary hallucination, thoy imagine that thoy themselves aro Eastern potentates enjoying tho advantage of being waited upon by mutes. Thero may have boen a timo when ser vants were so devoted to tho families in which they lived that nothing would have induced thom to gossip of anything thoy heard in tho dining-room. It was a time of which any ono may soe tho de scription by looking into an historical novel ; aud in this ago of research it is not impossible that somebody may, some day or other, discover traco3 of it in history. At tho present day there is cer tainly no such affection between servants and thoir masters. The contract is a hostile rather than a friendly ono ; and nothing comes amiss to the servants of these days which has a money valuo. Bits of information aro a perquisite us substantial as dripping, und will sometimes sell for a goou deal more. It is said that somo oi tne private inquiry offices which have been called into existence by the divorce court havo a very large connection among tho faithful returners of tho me tropolis. They not only offer very hundsomo pay ment for those who can give information about suits actually ponding, but thoy have something for every servant who can givo information about any body. A ' Private Inquirer' coutemplates human naturo from a cynical point of view, aud looks upon all mankind as possible candidates for bis services, either iu a hostile or a friendly senBe. It is worth his whilo, thereforo, to buy all information of a striking or piquant character, while it may bo hud cheap ; for, in cases that are actually pending, of course it fetches a considerable price. The [information is duly digested und catalogued; and when it is intimated to him thut tho timo of this gallant lady or that spend thrift gentleman is come, he simply turns to the uamo in tho black-book, and there lieB beforo him as close a picture of the inner lifo of tho victim as the iDquisitiveness or imaginativeness of llunkoys or servant-guls can druw. We may console our selves with the reflection that the historians of the future will iiucl in such an invaluablo storehouse of telling facts, and that our posterity will know u good deal about tho private character of our great men that the gossips of our own day would givo their ears to discover. No ono of courso can know how far any particular set of servants may be in friendly relations with a private in quirer. But groat gratitudo would bo duo to any inventor who would confer tbo boon of privacy upon English households. Thoy aro specially at tho mercy of tho privato inquirer's familiars at tbo moment when au Englishman is naturally most communicativo — tho moment when mutton aud wino have opened his heart and temporarily thawed his natural suspicion aud distrust. But all attempts to get rid of servants during dinner, especially during largo dinners, havo absolutely failed. Some caroful hosts have sought to solve tho difficulty by putting u dumb waiter at tho elbow of every second guest, bearing everything tho guest can want, except what must be brought from tho kitcheu. But dinners and kitchens unfortunately havo a very closo connection, and a reservation of everything in a dinner that has to bo brought from n kitchen would leave a very small residue behind. Besides, there iB something terrible to contemplate in the fate of two ill-matched guests cut off by frowning dumb waiters from intercourse with all tho world be sides. Even if thoy are well suited, two hours and a half of uninterupted tete-a-tete would tax tho most fertile resources. But if the contrary should bo tho case, it would be impossible to conceive a more miserable fate. Thero would be no escapo for either. Thero would bo no possiblo pretenco of talking to tho neighbor on the other side, or of tak ing part in tho conversation of a littlo distance off'. There would be nothing left but a stern, resoloio maaufacture of conversation till the moment of release arrived. Others, moro bold in conception, have devised tho idea of sending up tho dinner by machinery from below. At a given signal from tho master of tho house, tho floor would open, the tablo would sink, aud after a few minuteB1 interval would rise again, bearing another course, and cleared from tho debris ot tho last. But the theory, though charm ing in idea, has never been anything but an inge nious imagination. It has never been practically tried. Supposing all the mechanical difficulties overcome, and the possibility of unwelcomo aromas provided against, it would still b6 doubtful whether a party of gentlemen and ladies would feel com torla'Ao sitting round a yawning chasm. Indeed, ho ^ danger ^ would not be quite imaginary. The curiosity which is ono of the charms of the daughters of Eve might somotimcs entice a fair head to bend too rashly over tho abyss, in order to stndv tho operations going ou below; and tho result might bo that tbo whole table would occasionally rise again with n confusod chaos of tarlatan aud sonfflet in tho middle. The danger is lessened but not averted, by tho suggestion that the table' should riso through tho ceiling, instead of sinking through tho floor, in order to change its burden. It would undoubtedly bo safer that tlio dinner should fall upon tho guests than thut tho guests should fall upon tho dinner. But still tho retribu tive justice in tho two cases would not bo equal. Tbo guest who should overbalance himself nnd tumblo iuto tho soup would receive tho fair punishment ' of his own awkward ness, whilo tho guost upon whom the uoup descended in n refreshing shower-bath would be an innocont victim. Tbo timo will no doubt come when nil those difficulties will vanish, aud some admirably simple method of having our meals in privato will bo discovered. In the presont imper fect state of mechanical science, wo muHt still sub mit to have our heads occasionally thumped by awkward practitioners, to see a littlo bairpowder sometimes added to tho other seasouing in our dishes, nnd have our conversation applied to such purposes as tbo vigilent listeners behind may think desirable. But tho necessity makos English privuoy n very hollow privilogp. Mortality amongst Fish. — The unusual mor'! tnlity previously noticed us occurring in tho Murray and Edward is not confined to those southerly streams, but extonds to tho Darling nnd its tribu taries. On tho Macqunrio, wo hear tho deaths amongst tho finny tribe have been so enormous as to show a probability of. tho ontiro stock being ex tinguished. On tlio Murrumbidgeo similar com plaints uro hoard. Tlioro has, as yot, been no C'luse assignod for this singular epidemic. — Pastoral Times, Soptembor 9. ' Lynch Law. — Wo issued a slip on Snturday last announcing that Mr Sub-Commissioner Lynch, of the Tnmut, had been committed for trial by the Tumut bench of magistrates, charged with assault and battery on Mr Commissioner Lockhart. It appears that tho complainant and defendant had long been friends, and eventually bitter enemies. Mr Lockhart had gone to Gilmoro on tho Tumut to tako possession of tho local Crowfi lands oflice, which by some means Mr Lynch had possession of, and tho fracas thero took place. Mr Lynch first summoned Mr Lockhart, .but oho case was dismissed. Proceedings woro then reversed, and Mr Lynch was committed for trial, to tako place nt the Gundugai court of quarter sessions, ou tho 23rd October. Bail was allowed, dofenduut in £80 and two sure ties in £40 each. Mr Lynch, in his ovidencc, statod that Mr Lockhart's . blow ' was liko a kick from an ox.' Tho parties wero both magistrates of Now South Wales, and from all tbnt we can gathor Lyuch's conduct has been of u character that cannot olovato him in the estimation of tho Go vernment or tho pnblic. It was sworn against him that he, by means of a hatchet, nttemptod to cleave Mr Lockhart in two. — Pastoral Times , Sept. 9. How Lunatics are Treated ih Sydney. — The S. M. Herald draws tho following terrible picture of the treatment of lunatics at Tarbau Creek. Tho superintendent has called for an inquiry : — ' There nro no nmusements of music or drawing, or handi craft. Thero is no chapel for religious worship. Thore is no common hull for entertuinmonts and' reBt. What would our readers think of the follow ing, as constituting tho abodo of persons who huve committed' no offonce, and as the possiblo dwelling place of thoso who aro yet iu tho enjoyment of reason and health ? It would bo impossible to pro vide moro gloomy dens or moro coutiued and dreary yards for exercise. The diningroouis aro ninetoen feet by sixteen feet, and nro mado to accommodate ono hundred and twenty patients daily. Tho patients uro unprovided with Beats, and aro obliged to sit on the cold stones or in tho watcrclosetB. There is no light in tbo cells, so that refractory patients can fight nnd injure each othor uuknown to their keepers. Pig geries aro in the immediate vicinity of tho yard. Tho drainago from tho cesspools penetrates beneath tho stono pavement, nnd soaks iuto tho yards and bedrooms. Tlio watorclosots nro often so lull aB to b'e in tho highest degree disgusting. The patients who might be considered approaching couvaleB oouce have everything to irrituto their nerves and offend their sight. They hoar the bowlings and cursings of tlio moro excited inmates. In short, thoio is whatever can toud to aggravate tho disease and retard tho euro. The DinECToits of tho Groat Western Railway Company have determined to tako their factories to Oxford, and thereby to add n lnrgo manufacturing suburb to tbo city. Thoy do this at tho special instanco of the Oxford corporation, who sell them city land for tho purposo. Mr Goldwin Smith op poses this project, believing that it will do mischief to the University. An Eccentric Individual. — Saturday, 27th May, will long bo remembered by tho young folks of the village af Brcdbury, as being tho day appointed for carrying out the wishes of an eccentric man named Charlos Etchells. This person died about a week ago, and, ultkough ho never liud uny family of his own, ho was remarkably fond of children, and in his will ho devised thut ut his deuth tho sum of £2 should be spent in sweetmeats, to bo distributed among the children in the neighborhood. This singular provision was mado known for somo timo before no died, and, at me time ol Ins last illness, children would occasionally go to inquire how soon they must como for tbeir ' tody.' How ever, tbo day at length arrived, aud on Saturday about four hundred children assembled in the yard of Mossrs Ward's hat manufactory, whero tho decoased has worked for tho last eleven years. They were ull neatly and cleunly clad, aud seemed highly pleased with tboir small legacy, as might be seen from tho anxious manner in which they pressed forward to obtain it. At the conclusion of this ceremony twolvo black dresses were distributed to the friends und relatives of the decoased, tho names of the recipients being mentioned in tho will. Such peculiar bequests as these aro seldom heard of, nnd a few incidents connected with tho whimsical tes tator may not bo uninteresting to tho general reader. He was born in Nowbridgo-lane, Stock port, in 1795, so that he had just reached the allotted span of ' threescore years and ten.' Ho was brought up to tbo trade of a hatter ; but, beiug very short-sighted, ho was never able to manage his work efficiently ; and, during tho de pression which prevailed ia tho hatting trade, some years back, ho wus only uble to pick up a preca rious livelieood. Ho afterwurds got employment at the Chadkiik Printworks, whero ho worked eighteen years. Here he began to save a little monoy, and his first ambition was to havo his coffin made, as signing as bis reason that ho should be sure it was a good one, und tbnt it would, while ho lived, serve the purposo of n clothes box, be sides ull'ordiug him the opportunity of trying it occasioually, to see how ho filled it ; but, meeting with strong opposition from his friends, he nover carried out his whim. Another strange ideu of his was to Bell his body, and he mado overtures to the village surgeon to buy it, offering to have it conveyed in such a munner that, in case of the purchaser's demise, his successor could claim tho body at his death ; but, his oft- repeated offers being rejected, no bargain was made. IIo was very fond of astronomy, nnd, ia a thunderstorm, would loave his bed ut night to watch tbo lightning. Hb wonld also frequently get irp at midnight and walk round tho villuge, to notico tho aspect of tho sky and the movements of the heavenly bodies. His chief delight, however, was in unravel ling supernatural mysteries, and wherever he heard of u ghost being seeu ho wus almost sure to visit that place. Ono Btory he used to relate was that a ghost had been seen in tho road leading to tho Apethorn Mills, which had so fiightoned tho female portion of the work-people that they 1 were afraid to go alone. Accordingly, Etchells proceeded to tho spot, and, linviug provided him self with n good stick, awaited the return of tho nocturnal visitor. Ho bad not long to stay, and, on meeting tho object of his search, ho belabored him so vigorously with liis weapon that the ghost was compelled to beat a hasty retreat. The sup posed spirituulistic wnudoror turned out to bo the blacksmith employed at the mill, who had enveloped I himself in a white sheet, but tho thrashing he got disabled him from attending his work the following morning, and effectuully ' laid ' the ghost. Other circumstances equally remarkable might be related, but these servo to Bhow the peculiarities of tho man, Hs was much respected amongst his fellow work men, many of whom wero present at bis funeral ; but had all attended whom ho had himself invited thero could not have beeu fewer than from 200 to 300, for he had been inviting parties to attend his funeral for thirty years prior to his doatli. _ Some of the funeral arrangements, dictated by himself, were as extraordinary in their character as bis lega cies ; nevertheless, his wishes were failhfnlly fui, filled by hia executors. — Stockport Advertiser* 