X. MISCELLANEOUS. On Saturday fortnight Capt. Harris, of the Orient, en- <*> tertained a number of gentlemen whom he bad invited to visit the above beautiful vessel. Both branches of the Legislature, the Government, and the Opposition were represented on the occasion, the Hon. the Chief Secretary, the Hon. Capt. Bagot, the Hon. j Thos. Elder, the Hon. Wm. Tuxford, the Hon. the j Treasarer, the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Capt.i Hart, M.P., W. Milne, Esq., M.P., and Lavington Glyde, Esq., M.P., being present. A considerable number of pablic men and leading citizens had also responded to Captain Harris's kind invitation—the Bar, the Pulpit, the Civil Service. Banking, Com merce, and Literature, all furnishing their repre sentatives. The guests having, with few exceptions, arrived by the midday train, went on board the Orient at Prince's Wharf. This clipper ship is so well known and universally admired that it would be superfluous to say much in her praise. Her length and build, her spacious and well-ventilated cabin, comfortable berths, luxurious ladies* saloon, and tbe general appearance of co-nfort and elegance that distinguish this vessel have frequently been described. After remaining some time on board, Captain Harris and his guests transferred themselves to that smart little steamer the Eleanor, and proceeded from the Port, past the North Arm for a few miles, and lay-to while the company enjoyed an ample spread. Alter this, fishing being on the programme, a number of the party took to tha boats, and were rewarded during some hoars of per severance with two bites and three nibbles, when they returned to the vessel, and joined in the entertain ments, literary and athletic, that were proceeding. The Chief Secretary proposed "The Health of Captain Harris, and Success to the Orient." and the Captain responded in suitable terms. The healths of Captains Lawrence, late commander of the vessel, Mr. Char-nock, the agent, and the Chief Secretary, were proposed and responded to. Se-j turning to the Port in the evening the party visited ; that fine ves?el the Murray, upon the invitation of Captain Smart, and spent a pleasant half hoar till the last train started for Adelaide. Thus passed away a delightful day's enjoyment. Everything con tributed to the pleasure of tlie trip ; the weather was mild and the hospitality genial; the entertainment perfect and the harmony unalloyed. On Saturday afternoon a very agreeable reunion took place on board the good Ship St. Leonards, at Port Adelaide. Capt. Franklin had invited a namber of gentlemen of high standing in the colony, and a goodly gathering assembled on board the ship commanded by the jovial host of the day. The St. Leonards was in splendid trim, and she won universal commen dation. A most handsome champagne luncheon was laid out in the cabin, of which the guests were invited to partake. Captain Franklin of course occupied the chair, while the Hon. Thos. Elder did the honors of tbe vice-chair. Among the gentlemen present were the Hon. Messrs. English and Tuxford, the Treasurer (Hon. A. Biyth), His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Messrs. S. Tomkinson, J. H. Parr, W. Morgan, C. Earr, G-. W. Hawkes, S.M., and Captain Bruce, of the City of Adelaide. After lunch, the Treasurer proposed "Captain franklin and the good Ship St. Leonard's," which Captain Franklin, in a humorous epeech. acknowledged. Mr. S. Tomkinson gave " The Health of the Agents Messrs. Elder, Smith and C 0.," coupling with the toast, the name of the Hon. Thos. Elder. The Vice-Chairman briefly responded to the toast, {after which His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Townsend) gave "The Health of Mrs. and Miss Franklin," which the company duly honored, and which was acknowledged by Captain Franklin. Then followed a toast to the health of Captain Bruce of the City of Adelaide, who made an appropriate speech in reply. This concluded the toast-making and toast drinking part of the business, and the remainder of the afternoon was spent in agreeable and sociable conversation. All the guests left the ship, having thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and with a lively sense of the liberality of their gallant entertainer. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the St. Mary's Sunday School Lecture Hall and Institute, at the Start, took place on Saturday after noon, October 2V. The weather was very propitious, and the attendance of spectators to witness the highly interesting ceremony was large. The site selected for the building is that which was originally chosen for St. Mary's Church, but circumstances occurred, at that time, which caused the erection of that edifice in the place where it now stands. It is an exceedingly pretty spot, and the surrounding scenery is delightful. Upon the ground was con structed a kind of canopy, covered with flowers and evergreens, at the rear of whioh the stone was laid. We subjoin a description of the structure:—"The new bt—l—lng is to front the west, and its size is to be 22 by 42 feet in the clear, and will be sufficient to accommodate the Sunday School, and for lue as a Lecture Hall; the style is Gothic Messrs. Wright and Woods kindly prepared the plan and specification, and presented the same to the Committee." The proceedings were commenced by the Lord Bishop reading that part of the Church of England service adapted to such occasions, after which, the Bey. W. D. Williams, the pastor of St. Mary's Church, read a portion ot the Scriptures. The following isa copy of the contents of the bottle which was placed nnder the stone:— " ST. MART'S SUNDAY SCHOOL I—CTOHE RA-- AND ♦'INSTITUTE. "The fo—idation-stone of this building was laid by tbe Bight Reverend Augustas Short, D.D.. Lord Bishop of Adelaide, on the-let day of October, in tbe year of our Lord 186G, Sir Dominiok Daly being then Governor- in- Cbief of the province of South Australia, the Reverend Wil liam Daeres Williams Incumbent of Saint Mary's Church, Richard Fran—s Barton and Charles Wnitmore Babbage, Esquires, Churchwardens, William Alexander Hughes, Etq-lre, Treasurer, and the Building Committee -Messrs. William Hanoox. R. F. Burton, W- A. Hughes. E Thorn ber, F. A. Weaver, H. J. i—-i.—an By deed dnly executed by the said Lord Bishop of Adelaide as trustee of the ground ofthe first part, the said William Daeres Williams, Richard Frauds Barton, and Charles Wnitmore Babbage, of the second part, and the said William Alexander Hughes of the third part, bearing date the eighteenth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and sixSy-five, it was mutually agreed that the purposes for which the said building beosed be thos defined, that is to say— "lat. Asa schoolroom. The doctrines and principles to be taught In the Sunday-school to be in acoordanoe with the prinwplej tf the United C_u_c&t;>f EngUuul and IrelMd. "2nd. Instttate and _ectnre Hall for secular learning not cont—riant to the priniples aforesaid or of the Christian religion. " 3rd. Young Men's Assodaflon. For Committee and other meetings for mutual improvement or social enjoyment, so long as snch Society be condaeted in tbe opinion of said Trustee, Mlnlsterand Church Warden of St. Mary's, for the advancement _id spread of sound knowledge and Instruc tion among tbe youth ofthe neighbourhood." Copies of the daily newspapers were also placed tn the bottle. The Lord Bishop next proceeded to spread the mortar, and the etone having been adjuster] and duly set, he declared it laid in the name of tbe Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The hnndred and sixteenth Psalm was then snng by the assemblage, at the con clusion of which, Mr. W. A. Hughes said as Treasurer of the funds of that building, he would state that the total cost of it, together with the furniture, wonld be £300. The subscription list, including aid from ihe Young Men's Association and the —-dies' working party, amounted to £200. They did not intend to make a collection on that day, but those present could see that what they had was not sufficient to defray expenses. He would be happy to receive the contributions of those who might wish to give. The Lord Bishop remarked that among the many pleasing duties which he had had to perform, none had given him more satisfaction than he felt on the present occasion. He wag glad to see that they were trying to promote education in that district. Almost every township from Fort Augusta to Mount Gambier bad its Institute or Yonng Men's Society. It showed that the rising generation would not be nferior to the preceding one in wisdom and knowledge. They had heard of late a great deal about self help, and this appeared to be a self helping age. Nothing in this life—education not excepted—was to be attained without self help. Many had raised themselves from the lower classes to high positions in life. George Stephenson and Hugh Miller were illustrious examples, the latter of whom was a mason and worked in one of the quarries of Scotland. He would advise the young portion of those present to work diligently in pursuit of know ledge. It was pleasing, he said, to see the yonth of Sonth Australia desiring to obtain information which would be of untold value in after life to them. He need not say much about the Sunday- school, as the good results of that had been displayed on the preceding Sunday, when many of the scholars were confirmed; neither was there any necessity for him to enlarge upon the privileges and advantages of Christianity. " Bemembernow thy Creator in the days of thy youth," were the words of Solomon after he had partaken ofthe pleasures of this life and had found them to be nothing but vanity. He was also glad to observe that it was not needful for him to invite them to take charge of the young, and bring them up in the fear and admo nition of the Lord, as so many yonng persons among them were willing to tender their services for each purposes. He ehould like to speak a few words to them on the sabject of learning and religion. He believed the more learning they acquired, the more they would be able to appreciate God's Word, and see tbat he was a being of unlimited power and infi nite love. His love was exhibited in the manner in which everything was created for the happiness and enjoyment of man. There were many persons who were afraid of science. He was not one of those. He considered that as the Bible was the inspired Word of God, that it never could become antagonistic to thebook of nature. He was certain that the discoveries in the one woald throw light on the otber. That was his opinion on the matter. Geology was at one time thought to be opposed to Scripture, but now its wondrous revelations had only confirmed the statements contained in the Bible. He trusted that the studies carried on in that place would be of a religions tone, and that science and religion would go band in hand. In conolu?ion, be hoped that the blessing of God would rest npon all those who assembled there from time to time for the purpose of advancing their moral and spiritual wel fare. Mr. B. BL Babbage said be had been appointed on that interesting occasion—and which was especially co, as there was no collection—to present the thanks of those present to His Lordship the Bishop. In the course of his (Mr. Babbage's) following remarks he spoke iv eulogistic terms of the character of His Lord ship, and concluded by thanking him for his kind services and excellent address. The Bey. W. D. Williams stated that there was but little left for him to cay. He waa glad to be able to state that most of the young people who were confirmed on the previous Sabbath were brought up in their Sunday-school, which institution was, iv his opinion, the nursery of the Church. He would tell those young persons who were engaged in teaching in the Sunday-school, that although they might not see the frnit of their labors now, they would in the Great Day. Tbis being the conclusion of the ceremony, the gathering dispersed. A Gazette Extraordinary was published on Mon day afternoon, containing the appointments of the -Tew Ministry, as follow :—-John Hart, Esquire, M.P., to be Cliiel Secretary, vice the Hon. H. Ayers, re signed ; James Perm Boucaut, Esquire, M.P., to be Attorney-General, vice the Hou. _.. B. Andrews, resigned; Walter Duffield, Esquire, M.P., to be Treasurer, vice the Hon. A.Biyth, resigned; Laving ton Glyde, Esquire, M.P., to be Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, vice the Hon. H. B. T. Strangway, resigned; and the Hon. Thomas Eng lish, M.L.C., to be Commissioner of Pablic Works, vice the Hon. P. Santo, resigned. We regret having to report an accident which oc curred on Saturday afternoon to the Hon. Mr. Phillips, who rescued Burton and Shepherd, off Marino, a few weeks since. While riding over the Sandhills at the Bay, with a party of ladies and gentlemen, his horse fell, and the hon gentlemen was picked up in a state of unconsciousness. He was carried into the resi dence of Mr. F. C. Singleton, where he was restored, and in the evening was driven to town. He com plained of a pain in his head, but we hope he will sustain no farther injury than a severe shaking. Ths annual festival of the Deutsche Schule, con ducted by Messrs. A. Leschen and Th. Niehuus took place at the Maid and Magpie, Stepney, on Monday, October 23. The day was a fine one for the occasion, though the sun was rather warm. The boys as sembled at the Schoolrom in Wakefield-street, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, and headed by Schroder's band, and preceded by their king, Carl Winn— eke, marched to the appointed rendezvous, when, after the few preliminaries were arranged, firing was commenced with the cross-bow at a large wooden eagle, with outstretched wings, which was tied to a pole. Seventy-eight boys fired, and there were 37 prizes for competition, besides the kingship. After the eagle had been stripped of all its feathers and wings, the hole in the centre was opened, in which was a star, and the boy who succeeded in shooting out the star became the king for the year. A eharp contest took place, and the fortunate boy wa_ Carl Basch, who consequently obtained the kingship, and the principal prize—a handsome Bilver geneva watch. Master Dreyer, who shot off the head of the eagle, became entitled to the second prize—a very pretty brass-bound writing desk complete with every requisite. The right wing was shot off by Master W. Wallmann, consequently he became the winner of tbe third prize—a box of mathematical instruments; and Master B. Lange, for knocking off the left wing, was awarded the fourth prize—also a box of mathematical instruments. The tail was shot off by Master Oscar Maraan, far which he received the fifth prize, Meyer's " Universiam" in two volumes, beautifully illu?trated. The other prizes were all handsome articles, consist ing of drawing instruments, games, inkstands, and other useful articles. About half-past three, at the conclusion of the shooting, Master Basch was form ally deolared King, crowned with a wreath, and decorated with his medals. The boys were then liberally supplied with refreshments by their school masters, after whioh dancing commenced to the mmlie of the band, and several appropriate songs were sang by some of the boys, whilst others amused themselves with wandering about the garden and swinging and playing Kiss in the King. About six o'clock the boys were assembled again, and, beaded by the band, escorted their new King to his home in Stepney, when, after giving His Majesty hearty cheers, they marched to town in the same order aB they left, where they arrived abont seven o'clock, and were dis missed after giving more hearty cheers for their liberal schoolmasters. AU the boys appeared to have thoroughly enjoyed their treat, and the affair passed off without accident. Oar German fellow-coloniste turned out in large numbers and made it a general holiday, for the place was quite thronged both with Germans and English people. 