THE MAGAZINES. The Hibernian Magazine. — Tbe story ? Un tenanted Graves' is brought to a conclusion in tbe December number. It may fairly be said of it, tbat it was possessed of much merit, and dis played considerable facility of composition. ' The Legend of Lougb Ouel' is one of those wild werid old tales witb which Irish literature if studied. ' Saint Wilfred and Rome,' a short piece of poetry over the signature ' Mary,' pan egyrizes the saintwhoae name stands at tbe head of it. The memorable year of the Wexford Re bellion calls forth a small sketch entitled ' Out in Ninety Eight,' chiefly occupied with a notice of Colonel Miles Byrne. ?? Poetry and Poets of the Church,' contains most admirable transla tions of Greek and Latin hymns. Tbe translator has put a great deal of force and spirit into bis ver sions. The number concludes witb a very brief caper, ' Four-and-twenty-Hours in Vienna.' The readers will see by an advertisement in tfce last page that tbe Hibernian will be incorporated *ith tbat admirable and truly Catholic magazine, -be Lamp, and that tbe united publication will oe under the management of the editor of tbe Hibernian. The new series will commence with be new year. We heartily wish it success. The Dublin University Magazine.— The De cember issue contains several papers of a class caat will be sure to find numerous readers, aim is many admirers. A critical comparison of ih- tyles of Balzac and Thackeray, illustrated i»\ quotations from both authars shows how sitnil .1 ware the ideas of the Engliab and the French writers on many subjects. ' Italy in 1864' is a resume of the contents of some half-dozen books about Italy. The most objectionable of these is one written (by a very unfeminine lady, a certain Miss Coobe. Another is tbe biogragby of Hen rietta Carracciolo, a woman who is a vast favour ite among Prutestant writers just now, simply because she broke her convent vows and got married. Even as written by herself, her bio graphy does not show her possessed of genius, talent, or anv moral endowment which could be cause for the laudation bestowed upon her. ' Story telling among the Gael,' is a paper such as should appear in a Irish Magazine. The writer whose style will declare him to he the author of many kindred pages of the University, is a complete repertory of Irish folk lore. Look ing through the ' Slide of Fancy's Lantern,' we see brightly and picturesquely painted Arcadian Greeks ; we hear their unanimated conversation, and listen to their harmonious songs. Much in* formation respecting the Circassians may be gleaned from tbe concluding paper. A new story called 'Who is the Heir?' is commenced, and M Maud Rutbyn' is concluded. Blaclcwood's Edinburgh ' Magazine opens with a Bketch of events in tbe Confederate States during 1863 and portion of the present year. The press has already made the public aware of many of the events described by tbe ' Confede racy, yet toe paper is on tue wnoie ratner inter esting, and will repay reading. Tbe education question bas been treated of from any number of stands, and discussed over and over, until, notwithstanding its vast importance, tbe matter begins to nauseate. The article on ' Winchester and Shrewsbury,' though, no doubt, ably written, and- containing many proofs of thought and observation, stands a fair chance of being passed over by tbe reader who is inclined to shun heavy reading, and patronizes a magazine quite as much, if not mere, for recreation than for instruction. Part II. of ' My Latest Vacation Excursion,' carries the reader into Tyrol, and, besides giving a good idea of tbe scenery, also rvin^M. n F.m/1 #\ t nnrvn nM/i HRnllil l^itn^D Tir/\«tfcl« gives a iciiiu ui sage anu usciui uiuio wunu knowing about hotels and hotel- keepers, servants, charges, travelling generally. Aunt Anne's ' Ghost Story' is a capital tale. ' Tony Butler is still progressing satisfactorily. Cornelius O'Dowd, who finishes tbe number, hits off ' Scientific Congresses,' ' Parsonitis,' and some other matters, in his own racy rambling way. Bentley's Miscellany commences with a new story by Harrison Ainsworth, the beginning of wbicb appeared in the November number. It is called ?' Tbe House of Seven Chimneys,' and, as far as can be divined from the modicum contained in tbe four opening chapters, is certain to turn out most interesting. A pleasant bit of reading will be found under tbe heading, *? French Almanacs for 1865.' An almanac is about tbe last place an inhabitant of these foggy Britisb Islands would think of looking to for an evening's amusement, but tbe French and German almanacs are almost witnout exception nrst- class literary productions'. Tales, stories, prose and verse, a resume of events during the past year — maybe, odd guesses at the events of tbe next — fashionable saying and doing, are all to be found in these mis-named almanacs, Leaves of know ledge from almost every branch in the entire tree can be culled by reading the paper beaded, ' Science at Batb, 1864,*' wbicb has reference to tbe late sitting of the Social Science Congress at that place. Francis Jacox is yet engaged in giving the public tbe gems of his extensive read ing gathered together in his ' cues.' Tbe first part of a capital story, called, ' Catherine Cornaro,' translated from the German, will amply rep -iy tbe trouble of reading. There are two pieces ef poetry — one is by Mrs. Bushby, ' Toe Jutland Mother's Nursery . Song;' it is, of course, fiercely and Germanic. What would Mrs. Bashby think of the 'Japanese Mother's Nursery Song V Which had Japanese or Jut landers tbe most merciless enemy to deal witb ? Macmillan's Magazine is rather heavy this montb, and cannot lay claim to much variety ??A Son of the Soil,' and ' The Hilyards and Burtons' occupy a great amount of space, but this plainly should not be denied to them, and will not be faulted. The Rev. F. D. Maurice, of ' mission' notoriety, is permitted to inflict ' A Letter to a Colonial Clergyman on some recent Ecclesiastical Movements in tbe Diocese of Cape, town and in England,' .occupying nearly sixteen pages. The Editor's ' Reccolleciions of Three Cities, might be curtailed somewhat without losing much. He might well leave the 'dead men' he has ' known' rest in peace, and turn his attention to men who live, move, and have being. Lord Hobart's paper 'On Intervention, Material and Moral,' scarcely reads like a finished production. One may well be puzzled on reaching the end, to know to what purpose be has been reading. 'The influence of an His torical Idea' is too short, but such as it is, it is well written. London Society (Christmas Number). — A wonderful shilling's worth indeed. Twenty capital illustrations and an abundance of stories to suit all minds and delight all ages must b» held truly cheap at that figure. We should be pleased to bestow fitting encomiums on tbe different tales and stories, but tbat we prefer advising onr constituents to buy the book for themselves, and they can decide then upon tbe merits of each and every one. Ihe St. James's Magazine furnishes som pleasant reading. In tbe fiction line, besi \\-- * Only a Clod,' and ?? Working in tbe Dark,* we bave ?'The Wer-wolf, a Kentish Legend . ?? the Middle Ages,' and the story of a ratL.-i ugly practical joke called 'A Little Box tut You, Sir.' The most interesting paper in tha number is a synopsis of Baron Reichenbach's theorj respecting electricity and animal magnet-. ism, by Dr. Scoffern. 'Coral and Cora] . Islands' also is an agreeable lesson in popuL science. 'My First Brief' is concluded, and bating a little improbability of incident, it is a pleasantly written and aw using sketch. ' 01 j Signs and Old Scenes,' 'Along the Coast o( Africa,' and ' Compeigne,' are all good papers and will be read witb profit. ' Temple Bar deserves some commendation foe tbe variety of its articles, but often requires a little censure for tbe lack of depth in their treat ment. .. The present number contains several articles that might have been rendered far more interesting if they were entered into with mora seriousness and' more space accorded to them. The novels are the main point in lemple Bar and these certainly. are first-class. ' Broken to Harness,' 'Paid. in Full.' and 'The Doctor's Wife,' which has just concluded, have earned for tbemselres the sacrifice of the leisure- time of hundreds of readers. A new story by W. G, Wills; called 'David Chantrey,' is begun. The reader will, no doubt, pass a favourable judgment upon it, and await the appearance of tbe subse quent chapters with some impatience. George Augustus Sala discpurses eloquently about the Tburnmarket at Cologne. Seven other papers of merit we leave the reader to find out himself. The Sixpenny Magazine — 'The Fate of Thorsghyll' is rapidly expending into a real good story; 'Barry O'Byrne' is brought to a con clusion. '*Dobbs Family in America,' has reached a very interesting stage, and a tale named 'Border Life, or the Mysteries of the Red River,' puts forth its claim on the attention of tbe readers. Such is the state of tbe literature of fiction in the pages of the Sixpenny. In the more useful branches of knowledge the public have their tastes equally well catered for. In history and bio graphy, in chemistry and popular occupations, capital articles are published from time to time. The present number contains such a number of these truly educational articles that we refrain, from particularizing any one, but refer tbe reader to the pages guaranteeing that whatever one he opens he will find bis attention fixed on it, and will reap much profit therefrom. The Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine. The Boy's Own Magazine. The Boy's Monthly Magazine (Beeton's Publications). — The contents of all, as usual, are varied and interesting, emi nently suitable to the requirements of each class of readers. They can be- safely recommended as free from anything objectionable or improper, Much useful infarmation can be gleaned from the pages of each of these serials. DalzieVs Illustrated Arabian Nights' Enter tainment and Goldsmith. — The beautiful edition of the wandrous Oriental tales in the course of publication by Messrs. Ward and Lock will soon be completed. When all the numbers ara issued and the volume bound it will form a most desirable addition to papular libraries. Decem ber numbar finishes the issue of ' Goldsmith.' Betubnikg to Active Seevice. — A lifcfla | more than a year ago the Cooma mail was robbed, Amongst those who were apprehended for the crime were two men, Birmingham and Richard I Middleton, alias Buggy Dick. The/ were taken in custody by Mr. sub inspector Brennan, near tha Burrowa River, and brought into Yass. Birming ham was sent to Queanbeyan, and there com-| mitted for trial and received a sentence of tea years at the Goulburn Aasises. There was nd case against Ruggy Dick, so far as the mail robber? was concerned, but there were strong suspicion] that the horss he was found ridiag was a stole! one. He gave one of those cock and- bull accounfl of his possession by stating that he bought it a; swapped it at a public house he. did not knot1' where, with a person he never saw' before, aw whose name he bad forgotten. All aHempts P trace the ownership of the horso failed, but, asjf justice was not altogether to be defeated, d9 saddle found on the animal and claimed by bp j was identified by Mrs. Woodhouse, of Grunnijj, as her property, and for this offenoe Euggj. WJ tried before Judge Meymott, found guilty, amf awarded a aenteuce of twelve months. Thiaierm j of punishment he completed the other d aland quickly joining with a oouple more, very prpably J just discharged from gaol, commenced tbe rjpular J business of highway robbers. On Sunda#nora« ing last they stuok up a hawker named ireter, near Paddy'* River, and are now under cormiUal j for trial. It is very likely that aomethingfurther of the character of the trio will come to liglj before 1 long, but however that. may be, it is to | h oped the law will award them an adequate puajhmeiiti i We regard it as a most fortunate oircumatice that j these three fellows were taken thu? earlj/n their j career of crime, for had they remained a little longer without detection, they might hai formed as formidable a gang as that which now cfllas the operations of the whole police of the Southern diatriots, and some fifty volunteers in thjbafgain, — Yass Courier. \ A Skakb akkcdotb.— In which thori js some- ; thing of tbe element of novelty. U gi^n by &9 jj Marylorough and Dunilly Advertised It runfl as follows :— On Saturday last, a nuernaaiea O. A. Lawis, in travelling through ijiu on bi3 way to Mnjorca, mat with a singaU incident. When nearly opposite Palmer's storehe beared a alight noise behind him, and on tuiing round was rather astonished, and not a litie alarmed at finding a large black make puniing nun. td too trepidation of the moment he made a bolt of it, but on again looking bad ho i»w »? 4oako aiill following. This continfed f«r about j 100 yarda, when an opportunity oferedf5Lflft I man to jump to one Bide; and lucHly b; oil 8£ g as at that moment the snake madea spimg- on-j j passed within a few inches of birr. L-.w» ™! I ho agitated' that he could not fini a s;ick, wv s allowed hia anakeship to escape. i 