THE GUMERA.CBA MEETING. TO THE EDITOR. Sir-Allow iae to correct a misprint in your report of the public meeting at Uunieracha held yesterday. You make me say that Mr. Kelly says Mr. Goyder ought to have visited the runs at various seasons of the year, whereas I said the Chairman, Mr. Bobertson, says so. I am, Sir, &e..; „ . , „ , T J. TKE5TEAIL. Chain of Ponds, January 19, 1865. Timber-Cutting Licences.— Bew regulations hare been issued in respect of felling and cutting timber. The chief if not the only alteration is in the 6th clause, which gives permission to the holder of each licence to depasture temporarily eight bullocks on the waste lands instead of six bullocks as heretofore. Adamson'sBeaping and Winnowing Machine —A correspondent says" The trial of Adamson'g patent reaping and winnowing machine took place on Mr. Bottle's farm, Gawler Hirer, on Saturday, January. 7. The machine took the wheat off clean, winnowed it at the same time, and left it as free from chaff and straw as wheat that had passed through a winnowing-machine for the first time in the usual way, thereby saving the labour of two men and a boy. Although the ground was ex tremely cloddy, the crop unfavourable, the belts of the machine tight, and the cogs of the wheels tough, yet three horses managed to draw it easily, cutting and cleaning the wheat as it went I con sider that the machine fully answers the end for which it is intended, and that it will be a great sar-ing of labour. The oats and drake fall into the box with the wheat, consequently only the chaff and straw were blown out of it I have been in formed that several of the same kind of machines are working in ttap neighbourhood of Kapunda." Bremer Mine.—The following is an abstract of Captain Prist's report on the Bremer Mine to the 24th January:—"The prospects of the mine are much improved since my last report. The lode at the 6$ level is from fire to six feet wide, com posed of rich yellow ore with very little mundic, less than we have seen anywhere under the 33 1 fathom level, and the ore is of a much better quality than any broken under that level; so that we mi y fully expect from this change that we have I got under the low class ores, and thatfor the future ! we will be getting ore of a higher class. The lode I at present will yield from five to six tons of ..-re to ■ the fathom driving. We have driven about three | fathoms on the lode, and in so doing we have cut. I down the water from the level above, which indi 1 cates a large and productive lode—a feature we have | never before met with so near the shaft. As soon I as the shaft is cased and divided, and a larger lift ' fixed, we shall commence to drive north and south • on the course of the lode, which will increase our returns considerably. The lode at the 53 level south cantinues very good, but harder than it has been for the last 10 fathoms. Bo. 3 winze from the 43 to 53 is holed in a good course of ore all through. The stopes continue as good as ever. We shall commence this month to sink winzes from the 53 to 63. The lode in Jenkins's Shaft in the eastern lode continues to increase in value; but very hard for sinking. We are down about five fathoms under the 23 level; the shoot of ore is very .short, and we are stoping as we go down. Ore raised and dressed during the month, 300 tons; the smelting has been hindered from a short supply of wood. This month we expect the furnaces to be at work again. Ordination Services at Christchtthch.—At the ordination services held by Bis Lordship the j' Bishop of Adelaide, at Christchurch, Borth Ade j Iaide, on Wednesday evening, January 25, the 1 following members of the clergy were present:— : The LdM Bishop, the Bean, Canons Farr, CoombB, and fiussell, and the Be vs. B. T. Craig (Missionary I Chaplain), J. Pollitt, G. Dove, T. B. Beville, B. j Beid, and D. J. H. Ibbetson. Twocandidates were presented for admittance to the holy order of the ! diaconate and three for the holy order of priest hood. The earlier portion of the services was com menced at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when the prayers were read by the Bev. Canon Coombs, the lessons by the Very Bev. the Dean and the Bev. B. T. Craig, the epistle by the Bev. Canon Bussell, and the communion service by the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean. In the evening the services were resumed at half-past 7 p.m. The Bev. Canon Coombs acted as deputy for the Venerable the Archdeacon, and pre sented the candidates. The Lord Bishop ably preached frem. Jude, 20th and 2lst verses—" But. ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep your selves in the love of God, looking for the mercy oi our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." The ordination services were then commenced, and the usual solemn questions were put to the candidates and answered. The deacons— Messrs. W. H. Mudie and E. T. Howell, B.A.— were ordained by the laying on of hands by the Lord Bishop; and the priests—the Bev. W. W. Ewliauk. ALA, H. M. Pollitt, and S. Green—in a similar manner, by His Lordship, assisted by the Dean, Canons Fair, Bussell, and Coombs. There was in the evening a very large attendance of the congregation, whose marked attention and silence during the services manifested the deep interest taken in the solemn proceedings. Volunteer Court op Enquirt—A Court, con sisting of Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, Captain Clark, and Captain Baker, was held at the Globe Inn, Gawler, on the 19th instant, to enquire into certain charges against Instructor Burchett. The charges were—First, "For absenting himself from drill on the 13th December, 1864, at Gawler;" secondly, " For being drunk at Gawler on the 13th December, 1864, and incapable of performing his duties." Several witnesses were examined in support of the charges and for the defence. The evidence was very conflicting, and possessed but little interest for the general public. The Court found the charges proved, and reported to the Government to that effect. The Chief Secretary has confirmed the finding of the Court, and the defendant has been allowed to resign. We have received a letter from Drill-Instructor Burchett, expressing surprise at the finding of the Court, of which he has had no intimation, and which he declares is against the evidence taken. Telegraphic Communication with ' Port Augusta.—An advertisement appears in another column inviting tenders for telegraphic poles for the line of telegraph to Port Augusta. Bight Alarm at Kapunda—We are requested to mention that on the night of the alarm not only the captain, as already stated, but also the second lieutenant of the Kapunda Bides was prevented attending, being a number of miles away from home. The Wesletan Methodist Magazine for South Australia.—We have received the Ja nuary number of this periodical, which contains, amongst other things, the Jubilee sermon preached by the Bev. John Watsford in the Pirie-street Chapel in August last. The magazine is very well got up, and contains a large amount of religious intelligence interesting to the Wesleyan body. Presentation.—There is now on view in the window of Mr. Davis, jeweller, a very elegant silver inkstand, of medieval pattern, tbe object of which may be gathered horn the inscription it bears, which is as follows:—"Presented to Mr, Daniel Barber by the seatholders of St. Mary's Chucb, Kooringa, as a testimony of their high regiud of his services as lay reader during the jecent vacancy of the incumbency. Jatuiniy, 1865." 