a y\vnk>:f's notion. TO l'HK KUlTUrt. Sirree—Bern of l ankee oregin I natrally takes a good deal o' intirist in evervthin' that concarns the peepie. Tharfore it was I attinded the elcch shin mectin at White's 1'oom on Monday even in, at the same time wishiit to see how the grate Amirican exomple is fullered out in these here parts. To the etarnal shame and eonfooshin of the kolonial arkiteck as desined that mussell shell of a place X most confess that niver a blessed word kood 1 hear from anybody but the enlightened audyance thimselyes, who were a-jubberin round me at sixes and sivens the whole time, as if they had kom to kompeet wi' the kandidates instade o' to listen to 'em. Whot the kandidates did say is pr'aps of no grate konsiquence, for most on "em peared to me, from their gestikilashms and general novly-kotched aspect, to be fitter for whot ye yalls hereaway Deestrick Kounsels than for the rale upper crust legislation. Une of 'em, liow somever, had the rite kind o' lungs and such a ' bellyfull o' bunkum that it ran out of ltim like ile j from a petroleum spring in the 1'ar West, Hia spoutin was prutty much to my mind—the I geniwine trans-atiactik artikel which you, Mister Editor, most know is the very best artikel gain'. In many-parts it hrot to my rikollec'ion a faymous address which a snrtin friend o' mine. Professor Ayre, of Massachusetts, onst had the onir of deleeverin from the bon of his trayellin' gig in Lowell, where he was a starrin' it with iris nooly- invented pill-. On lookin' over the report of that address, which I keep alays in my left hand trousers-pocket as a iu valyble jem of litterytoor, I found that this here coloeyal star had been a borrowin of his idees from his grate Amerikin prototipe. X inclose an eggstract from the Lowell producshin; just com pare it with your oun friend's, Mr. Editur, and tell us what s what. Yours, &c.;, YANKEE DOODLE. From Professor Ayre's speech at Lowell on liis newly-invented Constitutional Pills. "We air a grate peeple, Gintlemin, and no mistake. To add to our naysiioual repu tashin I have jist invented for ye a noo kind of pill which L on my konshence as an itinerint profisser of medisin, can ashoor you is the most agreeable, most universal, most eefectual, and most ee-konomikal artikel ever known. It's only been a year or two before the public, and already holds a 'prominint posishon.' Notliin' in the world kan kompare with it for seemplicity and cheepniss. This here small bottle that I now have the onir to hold in my hand kontanes three duzin of my favmous constitooshinal pills—sugar coated to soot all kind of poleetikul palates. No elektir shood go to the pole without one. It will koor billyous diseases arisin' from eating' too much chape grass. It will koor roomatisin from had Road Bills. It will koor kostiveness in the agricultural popylashon by giving them an outlet for their surplus energy. It will remove alt skin diseases caused by restrikshins on trade. It will make wheezy asthmatik finances as boyant and brisk as a five- year-old hoss. It will check liver complaints by keepin' your minds easy. It will purify the blood by eddikayshun bills, Loonatik Assylum bills, eggsitera. You wout need to be afraid of appoplekay any more, for my kon stitoozhnial pills will secure toyoufreedistillashin, and when you're troubled with nervousness aboot furriu invashius, jist sprinkel a leetle of this 'cherry pectoral' round your hearths and homes, i and next mornin' you will find it lias developed into I a military road with a half a duzin Dohlgrcn guns to deefend it. ' "Gintlemin, you have nuthing to fear from U3in' of this here medisin. It kontanes no merkury, nuthin inflammitory, and is veery komplaysint in its operashun. It will work in one hour, or two hours, or three hours, jist as you wish. It will ope rate od the stomak, orthe bowels, or the brain, ortlie big toe, whichever you like. Diseasespast, present, and footure come all the same to it. Spesblly adapted for varyable klimates, and for elderly females. I am a veery frank, strateforard man, ana don't wish to have no sekrets. Some ov ye maybe wish to know what this here medisin is made of. j "Wall, gintlemin, it kontanes two preencipal in greedgents, and Til show ye in the ghost of a minnit how its made up. I take here two parts of a sartin poleetical powder kalled iotaxiko and five parts of another" queer substance known as landfandiko. Now, Sirree, you spit in my hand—notiuyourown, mind—and I miv the two ingreedgents so, till they are of the same konsistency as that useful poleetical artikel "soft soap.' There! the thing is done! Step up, j gintlemin, and inspeck this most remarkable and eckouomical medisin. It does to swallow in piils, ' or td rub on the skin, or to take after dinner for a ' tonic, but at eltkshins it is absolootly invalvble. j The price of this re-markablc and eekonomical dis kovery is only twenty-five and tenpence a box— rent of assylxm, flagstones, and all inklooded. In New South Wales they have to pay for the very same artikel £1 15s. 3d. a box; by-and-by the price there will be made three guineas, even money. In Victoria it costs S 5s. 3d. a box; to be raised to £2 8s. 9cL In Queensland the price is £-2 (is. 4d.; and in Western Australia it is not to be had for love nor money. Gintlemin. I have taken a fancy to this here place of yourn, and would like to do you a good turn. Jistssy apound for the box, and I'm your man. You'll uiver have such a chance again. Band up your votes, please!" 