THE NEWS OF THE VA1\ With but few exceptions all business in Mel bourno wan, yesterday, entirely suspended, nnd tlio pooplo appeared to havo devoted tliomselves to tlio ono groat object of holiday making. Tho several sports and pasliincB in nnd nround Melbourne ? notices of which nppcar elsewliero— wero nil duly patronised, nnd a largo number of slraugers visited tho metropolis nnd suburbs, having taken ndvanlngo of tho cheap oxcursion trains. We lonni Ibnt. 4500 persons wero conveycd to Brighton by Ilia Molbourno Railway Company ; and i!753 lo Sand ridgo, 1855 to St. Kilda, nnd 503 to Emerald mil by tho Melbourno and Hobson's Day Railway Com pany. Tho roturns on tho Government Railways aro 113 follow : — On Saturday, on tho Mnrray River lino, tho passengers numbered CllSj and on tbo Ballaarat lino, 6230. On Sunday, they numbered, on tlio Murray lino, 181-1 ; nnd on tbs Ballaarat lino, 2200; and, yesterday, they numbered ou tho Murray lino, D30C ; and on tho Ballaarat line, 4720. Tho Emerald Hill police wero engaged all yea terdnyin proseouting Ihoir inquiries into tho origin ol the liro at Captain Noon's rosidcucc. Froni tlio information obtained, tiro police havo littlo doabfc buS that (ho firo was caused by an incondicry. Soveral articles of valuo, such ns plato and jowol lory, though in n very dilapidated stato, havo been recovered from tho dobris. The ®oelong Advertiser B07S ' Tho absence of Mr FootS- from his Parliamentary duties has induced an inquiry for an explanation-' thereof. His con stituency of West y-oolong will- sympathiso with their roprecsntativo whon thoy ara- toll! that in tho midst of thepasoiug of tho TariSBill, u tolegram was received in tho IIouso addressed- to Mr Foott, M.L.A., announcing tho death of his only son ia Adelaide, who naa thrown from his towo and killod. Tho tolegram vrca submitted to tlio Chiof Secretary and tho Treasurer,, and Mr Foott was apprised that, nndor tho painful- oircumstaueos, his Pirliamontary dulies should bo m-rangod satisfactorily-, ? and with that understanding: Mr Foott loft for Adelaide, whoro ho oncountorod another bereavement in tho , death of his son-in-lew, which occurred'fbnr days [after tho doath of hio-son. It would be indelicato j to remark upon sucbdomostio grief or tyobtrude ! sympathy.' ' An oxtonsivo robbery was eommittod, yesterday afternoon, in tho dwelling liouso of Mr James Mor rison, 25 Quoonsberry stroot, Hotham. Mr Morri son states that ho loft homo about ouo o'clock, afe whioii tirao his promisos wero socuroly fastened,, and that,, on his return, somo hsour3 aftorwarda, ho f&unil;, tho front door and also the window of ono cf tho front rooms open. Ila thoa- mado an examination and disoovorod that a cash box in tho bodroom had beon forcod- opan nnd its contents, consisting of £40 in notos aud gold, ono £10- and ono £5 noto anil several receipts stolon. Br.-Vioul held an inquest* yosterday, upon tho body- of a woman named Mrs Rowdon, who rosidad in Lonsdale streot, and obtained her living as ? a. servant. JJrcm tho ovidonca- ef tlio noighbors, it apgeared-that the deceased wr.s quito woll on Friday night- last when sho retired to rest. On Saturday sho did noii-appear, aud, her fellow lodgers, becoming alarmed,- sent for a policeman, - who burst opou her bedroom door, and found her lying dead iu her* nightdress. Dr. Clark mado a -josJ mortem examina tion,- of- tho btdy, and said death rosultod froc?; softaaing.. of the brain. Tho-jory returned a veiw diet to that cQb&t.; Tho- criminal sessions for April commenced yes— terday, .notwithstanding tho faot that Easter Mon day is a general -holiday, before- Mr Justico Moles worth.. Tho trial Tho Queen v.-- Gonzales was, on. tho application of Mr G-. P. Smith, prisoner's coun sel, li-xod- for Wednesday. A ycung woman, charge* ? witlti causing the doath of her oEipring by wilful, neglect-, . was cequittod, . Elisabeth Owens and. Cathorino O'Lotighlin, two degraded young females,, wero- sontonced to two years' imprisonment, with., occasional solitavy eonlinoment, .for robbing another - wonann-inamed Jillia Holm, who had imprudently allowed horself - to bo onticod into thoir society. . John . Cotter, c -Saudridgo cabman, and Elizubotlt : Ready, a woman of loose habits, with whom ho asso ciated, wero convicted of robbing D. M'Robbio - Siciith, a watorman, of Tho prosecu tor got into tho tnalo prisoner's cab lato ono night, .and was-.thonco thrown . aud robbed. Tho oaaa-f ully illustrated tho dangera-to which travellora . byjiightcabs arc. oxposed. The culprits wore sen tenced as followa : — The male, to five years on tho reads ; and tho.-fomalo, to two- years' hard labor Thomas Bockott, charged with stealing £3 7s Get' from tho person of ouo Cornelius Murphy, wa3 a-;quittod ; and tho court adjourned till to-day^ (f uesday), when it is probable that tho Bonrko etreet murder soso will occupy tho court for soma-, hours. The combined attractions cf-.a land salo, pic mc„ sports aud othor festivities, drew a largo number of pleaBuro seokors to Footsoray, yesterday. Tho parlier portion of tho day v/as devoted to businoss, jan opportunity being nffccded to would-be laud . .speculators to invost in allotments in section .10'B, Upper Fooiscray, tho property of Mr Georgo Eirtty. The salo,. which was conducted by Messrs Bot tomloy and- Johnstone, resulted iu tho disposal of upwards ol'. a hundred allctments in the line of streets it is- contemplated to- form at some falaro period, ol- rates varying froia £2 to £2 lOa.eacli,.' loaviug only a fow bach. lots. Tho sale v?as fol lowed by. a programmo oi- sports, at whiclr prises, consisting of allotmonts. c-i- land of equal valuo to thoso offered for sale, TV'ero awarded to thow ex hibiting. the groatest. proSciency in racing, and running the wheelbarraw,. &c.; Dancing and other: amusssuints usual cn. such occasions wo ra also frailly, indulged in. Iho following, whjbh, if correct, may prove t» bo of aonsiderable importance, wo take frcm, tho Gee long Advertiser, o£ Saturday: — 'A dissovery is nstifiod, by means ef which quartz can. bo disinte grated chemically, and reduced to a powder fine as gjpnr, in an economical mannor. A company is prc jpotod in Goelong. to carry out tho dissovery aud to ,get it patented. 5n themeauwhilo, e- report from au i eminent man is. waited for, in ozder to ascertain. ! besides tho applicability of tho discovery to opera tions on a largo scale.' A number ax inebriates and disorderly charac ters wero brought up, yesterday,. at tho police court, and were punished by boing fined or sent to gaol for twenty- four houra each, in default. Thero woro several casss of larceny on tk& shoot, but they, 7.sro remanded until Wednesday. Amongst tho many amjisoments offered to tho holiday-seelcors, yesterday, the claims of t'ao sport ing portion of tho community woro not altogotlior forgotton, as a good aitsrnoon's sport wns provided on tho ground opposito the Village Bsllo, St. Ivilda, whoro thoro woro hack raoes for small prizes, Thora wero two races, 0x10 for hacks, catsa vro'ighta, in hoats, and ono far ponies. Thero wore four entries for tho hack raco— Mr Crao'a Grisotso,Mr. DoghertyV Tiger, Mr Scott's Peggy, and a bay horso called Storm Bird. A fair start was eSf'sotei' iu both beats; Grisotto, a protty grey light-woigl'.t filly, winning easily, and only Tiger showing in tho second heat. After tho pony race, quoit placing aud other sport3 conoludod tho ontortaiuiaon'.s. A tolorably good number of persons woro iu attendance, and every thing went off in a s:iUsfi-.ctory manner. Two cases, both of thom terminating fatally, wero received into tho Melbourno Ho3pital yesterday. The first was that of a Chinaman, uamo unknown, who wan found hy tho police lying in a dying con dition at tho junction of tho Prahian and St. Kilda roafls. He was quickly convoyed to tho hospital, i whero ho died two hours after admission. Ho wbh too far gona to givo any explanation himself, but it is supposed that ha was cither seized by a fit or tha his stato was tho result of excessive opium eating. The othor caso was thai of a yotng maD' nam.® Patrick Mullins, of East Collingwood, who met with a severo accidcnt whila deployed in removing n boiler in the Carron timber-yard, Elizabeth street, On being taken to tho hospital, it was found that both his legs aud also a portion of his back woro crushed to an extent which rendered recovery liopo less. Ho died shortly after his admission. An inquest on tho bodies will most imeiy 00 uem mm morning. ' Leab, or tho Forsaken,' was reproduced with anew cast at tho Royal, lust oveuiug, Mrs Heir assuming tho character of tho heroine, which was formerly sustained by Miss Cleveland. llio^ repio Bentation was witnessed by a house crowded in evoiy part, and was most favorably received. Tho great foaturo of tho evening, however, was tho appearance of Vertolli, in hi3 famous acrobatic feats. Of these it is sufficient to Bay that tlio performer accom plished, with ono exception, so trifling and so dex terously turned off as scarcely to morit notice, evory thing which lie essayed. His feats woro most warmly applauded from overy portion of tho crowded bouse, and ho neods but to continue as ho has began to establish a position for himsolf as a favorite with, at least, the sensation loving section of tbo frequenters of tho theatre. Tha Havinarkot Thoatro has had its sharo of holiday seekers, and last night thero was an over flowing house. Tho Christy Minstrels presented an excellent programme to thoir patrons, including ' Mesmeric Studies,' by Messrs Collins, Harvoy, and Brown, and a now burlesquo apropos of bush ranging. Tho ontortainmant concluded with' Tho Black Ghost,' in which tho agent of tho troupe, Mr John Smith, appeared as Jim Along Joscj, ' slioo black, physician, and ghost,' tho rest of tho dramatis persons being supplied by othor members of the company. Signor Abeceo, nnd Messrs Itayner, Brown and Collins never appeared to better advan tage than they did last night, and it is to bo re gretted that tho Minstrels will so soon depart from Melbourne. Tho Lancashire Bellringors, at tho Polytechnic, had a crowded liouso last night. Tho ontortain mont was, as usual, extremely plcasiug, and tho audienco expressed thoir delight by frequout and gonuino applause. To- night tho campanologians take a bonefit, under tho auspices of tho Orders of Oddfellows and Forosters and of tho Collingwood Easter Sports Committee. To- morrow is tho last appearance of tho troupe iu Molbourno. On Thurs day night, Mr aud Mrs F. Youngo nnd Mr H. Wharton appear in a drawing-room entortainmeut. A musical and gymnastic ontortainmont was givon last night, by tho members of tho Germun Gymnastic Association, in thoir rooms, Lonsdalo street, in aid of the funds of thoLeichhavdt expedition. The pro gramme, which had boon tastefully selected from tho. works of tho best masters, was cxocutod in a manner which soomed to givo satisfaction to a largo audience. Madame Hortogs, who appeared for tho iirat time beforo a Melbourno audienco, sang ' Tho Voice of tho Tompest,' and ' Dio Thrane,' bo as to elicit warm plaudits, aud to givo the promise of being a valuablo accession to tho musical circles of the metropolis. M. Julius Siedo was expcctcd to havo taken part in tho outortainment, but was unavoidably absent. His placo' was,' how over, filled by Messrs John and Frank Howson, who gave a selection from 'Faust'' with thoir usual ability. Mrs Jamos Ellis wa3 encored in her rendering of ' O bright woro my visions,' aud respondod with tho Scotch fuvorito, ' Biggin' castlos in tbo air.' Tho sorvicos of tho members of tbo Liedortafel, who sung several choruses with groat taste, also appeared to bo duly appreciated by tho audionce. A very enthusiastic recoption was awarded to Mastor C. Weihman, a boy of seven years of ago, who ovincod remarkable mastory over tbo violin. The second part of tho programme con sisted of gymnastics by tho inombors of tho Gymnas tic Association, who porformed various feats with considerable graco and skill. Altogether tho en tertainment was a success, and will doubtless result in a considerable addition to tho fund3 of tho laud able object for tho benefit of which it was given. 