MIISCELLANEOUS. Doo An CAT.-Canine affection for the preservation of life wvill be illustrated by the following remanrkablte incident:--A day or two ago, some Inischicvous boys threw over tihe Mlaida Hill Bridge, Kiilburno'Road, a large black cat, evidently with the intention of drowning it. The cat with as many lives as it is tradi tionally reputed to have, struggled hard for life, and for a few minutes endeavoured to keep its head above water; however, when puss was about to give up the ghost, a gentle man happened to pass with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed tlhe attention of the dog to the difticulties of poor puss. The gallant terrier at once dashed ino.nd swamn to tie rescue; but hisl friendly efforts sere net witb such "clawish " embraceme nts, thlat several times hlie was obliged to retire. At lengtlh,. after watching lis opportunity, he sceized tihe cat by the thick eld of the tail, and amid the cheers of the bystanders brought puss ashore. A case of this kind is probably not on record. Seaweed heretofore constituted the sole cbmmercial source of iodine, an article whlich is extensively used not only in medicine but in the arts. There is said, lowcver, to havoe been lately discovered in Chilhi a mineral con sisting of a muixture of iodine of lead with the oxide and cliloride of that mnetal in such pro portion as to contain ten per cent. of iodine. T'Phis miieral is believed to exist in conside rable aliuidance, and if it really does, a great reductfioc in the commercial price of io diine must be a speedy result of its discovery. Siuch a result would be a great boon to the arOt of photography, also to that of dyeing, since thle brilliant dye recently discovered by Dr. Hoffman, though the first, will not be the last, having thls clement among its constitu ents. . LANbE CASTINGS In" LAxOAsnIncs.--TIe other nigbt the Bolton Iiron arid Steel Com pany at their works, Dolton leaIMoors, cast the following very largo anvils, viz:--Oio anvil block meighing 80 tons, 0h0 weighing 40 tons, onu woigbing 85 tons, arnd one' at the enor- - mous weight of 200 tons." Tliy commenced running thie iron for this'large anvil block hit 10a. m. and finishled about 6 p. m.. hieing at the riate of twenty-fye tons c per hiour' We undorstanid tlhse ar te th lc?viest -ainvil blocks yeotnade for the 'manufacture of DBes semer stool;, the one of 205 toois weight being for tihe lirgest atamn lhanmmer that has yet been erected. ' STox DinDIc AND a.,E LOZESGOE-T Om Dibdin had a cottage acear DBox Hill, to whicih, after his theatrical labours, he ~ans delighted to retire: noo' stoirmy nighlit, after Mr; and Mrs. Dibditi had been in bed "some tiio, Mmrs. -D. beiig kept -awrnke by tlhe violence of tmhe weather, aroused her husbanid, exelaiicing," 'Tom, Tom, get up I " What for ?" said In. " Don't y;oa hear how very bad tihe Wind is?" ".Is it?"' replied Dibdin, half asleep, bit coild not help punning: ; "put a peppormint lozenge out of the window, amy dear; it is the best thing in the world ifor tihe wihrd." • '• M any years ago a vyoung Hungarian was drawnain the conscription, and on his return home heardthat hIis mothler had left the vil lageo, 'her cottage beinog burnt dowVI. Tihe other day a wrdtched-loolking old woman went Ito a branichlpawn office, at Vienni, to pledge the only article'of value left her-a small gold locket. Tiheclerk scarcely looked at it, ere lie Saskled the owner lwhere she lhad it from. She declared it was lher own property; aau it caiie out that the old woman foulnd in the clerk her long-lostson. . SPrsDY JUSTiCE.--A Canadian paper states that recently, at the railvay station of the weostercimost.city of Canada, a fight took place betrccn a passonpg andatownsman. The menc were at ocCe taken by a constable before an alderman, tried, eonvicted, fined one dollar each, with costs, and sent about their busiiness. It was all done iii a quarter of ai hour, and thie passenger combatant succeeded in rejoin .ing his train before it left the station, and wont on his way to Sarnia. .At UScIhPpr CI.EATURIE.-- ThCere caccot live,aa more IInIhappy creature thai an ill niaturcd old man, who is neither capable of receiving pleasure or sencsible of doing themi to otlers. Yet what is more common tihau pcovislcess, discoctcit. and restless ro pining in the decline of life? Ancd homw rare thie spectacle-all admit its age I "It is dificult," said Madamc e dio Stael, duricg tile last week of her brilliant, but strangely cheqiered, existence, " to grow old gracefully." In an officiil report just published, the Governmcnt Inspector of Railways imakes the following statement: " Gentleman pas sengers, as well as railwvay officers of all classes, constactly refulse to travel singly wcith astranger of the weaker sex, under tlhe belief that it is only a couimon prucdence to avoid ic this ciaiceCr all risk of being accused, fir purposes of extortion, of insult or assault." LUCIFE'l hI.ATCiHs.-" I wonder hown they make lucifer imatchles!" said a youmg mar ried lady to her lhusband, with whom she was always quarrelling. " The process is very simple," said the husblclnd, "I once made ono." Iow did you manage it?" By lea ding you to tlhe altar." Nor Dirricul.r To PLeAse.-" I always sing to please myself," said a gentleman, who was hulmiing ai tc o C incompany. "' ThCn you are not all diflicult to please, " said a lady, lwho sat inext him. i NEw DEscc IPTIOSN OF hIoRsE-sciOE. There is an invention under trial at Versailles tendiing to riplaco the iron at present used for lhorses, by a comlposition whichl is almost equal to irou in durability, is 75 per cent. cleaplcr, and will never hiurt thie hIorse's foot. A correspondcent fron tihe army gives the following interesting itcon:--In this battle weo lost tie bIrave Captain Smith. A cannon ball tookl off his head. IIis last words were, " Bury me on the splot whiere I fell."--Am eri cac :arper. As ithe moon, whethelr visible or invisible. hlas ipower over the tides of the oceaci, so tle facee of thie loved one, whetller pIresent or ab sentl, controls the tides of the soul. E. P1'. Saundcrs. a coloured cman, writes to iar(fordl Times tlhat to cancot hiire a stato roomc in the steamer the Elm City from sNow Yerrk. lie does niot know thie reason, but guesses it is because hie is oct a white cman. 'lThe Glasgow .ifail repiorts that a inewn religious scct, "Perfectionists," has started Ilup at Jolhnstoni. "They profess to be incslpable of comnmitting sin of any kind, bclig puire andi perfect in thllought, word, and deed." lDr. Aberncetlhy used to tell his pupils that all huma: diCsease sprung from two causes stulling aud frettinig. Jr.cuuSY is tie fe'ar or apprehelnsion of csuperiority. EInvy, our uueasiness under it. Au old comiic actor-a thoroughlly good malc, whomli we greatly ecsteem-is about to become an eldecr of Mr. Spurgcon's aTabernacle.-Cous t Journal. T'rhe oldest piecr of furniture is tice mIltipli catiou "' table." It was constructed two thou saud years aigo, and is as good as new. It is reported that tihe Queen has again ex Ipressed to tie G(ovcrmentc l her regret at the fiighltful railway accidents of the season. A new prolperty has been discovered in parafiln,-it llps" to render leather, wste- . proof. 