[?] The news brought by the la^t English man is full of interest and naturally dis places, much local matter. Amongst other items we find that the choice, of the Holy 'Father has fallen on ,Mons. Manning as a successor to the late Archbishop of West minster, an election for which we . hare great. reason to thank Almighty God. It is jcekainly unprecedented to find an Ecclesr siastic who once held the office of Arch deacon in -the Church of England chosen ?to be the chief ruler of the Holy Catholic ?Church, in the spheve of his former labours. The Most Rev. Henry Edward Manning, - says' the Weekly Register,' son of the late William Manning, Esq., was born at Tot- j teridge, in Hertfordshire, on the 1.5th of July : 1808\. He was educated at Harrow, from j 'whence. he proceeded to Oxford, and eii- ( tered as an under- graduate at Balliol Col- . lege in 1827. Having became a minister , irithe Protestant Church, he entered upon the living of Laviugton, in Sussex, and it ?was during his residence there that he pub lished the series of sermons which to this day are in high repute amongst Anglicans. In 1840 he was made ai- chdeacon of Chichester and he continued to hold this office uritil,N having by God's grace arrived at a fuller knowledge of the Bevelation : on the ?Day of Pentecost, he made his submission to the Catholic Church in 1851. Very shortly afterwards he was ordained Priest by the late Cardinal Wiseman ;' and his conversion must thus be considered as one of the first fruits of the grace England re ceived in the erection of the present Hier archy:. He did not remain in England,^ but went at once to Rome, to continue, at the centre of all theological learning, the course of study, which had been his favour ite pursuit, even before his conversion! Arrived in Rome, by desire of the Holy Father, he entered the Academia, where remained until 1854. He then returned to England, and commenced an active career of missionary work, in which he was chiefly remarkable for his success in the conversion of Protestants, a larger number of whom- have' been reconciled to the Ohurch by Mgr. Manning than probably by any other Priest of our time. Subse . quently the Holy Father conferred on hini the. honarary 'degree of D.D., and also in 1857 named him Provost, of Westminster, a dignity then vacant by the resignation of 33r. Whitty. It was also during this year that, by the desire of the Cardinal Arch fojshop, he undertook the establishment in the Diocese, of Westminster of the Congi*e gation of the Oblates of St. Charles, of ?whom he has continued Superior up to his election. In 1860 the Holy Father again recognised his services to the. Church, and devotion to the Holy See, and created him Domestic Prelate and Prothonotary Aposr toli2. Since his conversion he has pub lished many works of all sizes; of which perhaps the best known are the ' Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects?,'' and his ' Trea tise on the Temporal Power of the Vicar of Christ ;' the latter which is the only work of, any importance on the subject in the English language, has also obtained a large Circulation in the French and Italian edi tions. Amongst his 'smaller- works, the 41 Grounds of Faith,' and the ' Office of the; Holy Ghost,' have been so largely in? fitrumental in opening the eyes of those in error to the light of faith, that we cannot Omit to mention them. The eyes of the whole world are turned OnjJ.ohn Wilkes Booth, who has gained such Unenviable notoriety as the assassin of the late* illustrious ruler of the United States.: Tne man who has thus dishonoured his Country and human nature was a native of of jVI&igdand.; The celebrated, Junius Bru-- tus Booth, was his father. The latter was an Englishman ; and though gifted with eminent theatrical genius, he was little less than a maniac. Once when playing Rich ard III. he became so full of the subject, , that lie aimed at tha life of one of the players. The murderer is a very fine looking man. : He has always been a fierce secessionist ; and he was often heard de claring that he .would kill the President. The ability with which h8 did his, awful deed was dreadful. For dexterity, bold ness, dispatch, and success, it stands alone. The act of Cas'sius and Brutus pales near it; so does even that of Ravaillao, who murdered Henry IV.- of France in the open streets of Paris. Ravaill . c was dragged to pieces by horses. Booth was reserved for another fate. Having with marvell ous dexterity made his escape from the theatre he and his accomplice Haroldy made their way into Maryland and for twelve days defeated all the attempts of the executive to apprehend them. Booth was maimed and wounded. Yet for twelve days they defied the thousands who were in pursuit to apprehend them. At length the ministers of justice were placed upon . their track. They took refuge in a barn at. Bouling Green . Caroline, Virginia, and re fusing to surrender the unhappy assassin perished in the flames. His caitiff com panion surrendered to the punishment that has ere this overtaken him. : One effect of the. sudden termination of tlie war has been to cause an emigration from Ireland to the States which for num bers is 'unprecedented. It is the young and able-bodied of the land who are de parting, and there is no sign of aught but comfort, good outfit and cheerful spirits. For the week ending May the Gth, the Erin of the National line of steamers took away;, 850 from Queenstown., The Inman 450 and leaving 300 behind-who could^not be accommodated. Fully two thousaud emi grants, says the CorJc Herald, will have left the port for the United States. The rush to New York was so great that two steamer? of the Inman line instead of one had to be despatched. The Cork Examiner says, 'there are to-day in Queenstown fully one thousand passengeis to depart by the Imrian line, and there are as many to : leave by the ships of the National com-, pany. We are perfectly satisfied that if there were steamers capable of taking five or six thousand per week from Queenstown there would be found abundant passengers to fill them.' Such is the result of bad laws and a misguided policy. . Had Ireland; anything like fair play we should not see her stalwart sons fleeing from the land they love so well. No wonder that Ame rica is wealthy and powerful when she is thus recruited, j From a return ? lately made with refer-' ence to the Pastoral or Squatting interest, it appears that a large majority of the lands under lease are held by gentlemen who hold seats either in the Legislative Council o i* the Legislative Assembly. One member of: the latter body holds at a no. minal rental twenty times more land than the entire body of Free Selectors through out the colony. It ? further appears that the persons, who petitioned for separation' of the district known as Riverina in order that they might deal with the lands as they thought fit, hold the almost incredi ble quantity of twenty four million seven hundred and fifty thousand acres. This too is irrespective of those who hold less than seven or eight hundred thousand acres. No. wonder, that they wish to have uncontrolled powers, but the Rome Government, we trust, will be slow to act upon the repre sentation of persons who are so much in terested in the matter they complain about. The result would., be to lead. to jobbery upon a scale that we hare not yet wit nessed. .? ???-?-??. Our Metropolitan Corporation at times' dves signs of vitality and occasionally relapses into the most profound lethargy. They have lately taken a step in the right direction with respect to the lighting of the city. Some years ago it was proposed by the same body to erect gas works for the purpose of lighting the city but the project fell . into abeyance. Now it is sought' to revive it and application has been made to the government for a piece of land at the head of Darling Harbour upon which to erect the works. We trust that a little more animation will be displayed in this than in other matters. One gas lamp, it is said, is worth two policemen and if the cost of the constabulary was, as it ought to be, thrown upon the city, the Corporation would see the advantage of having an abundant and a cheap supply of .light. We observe that at the Court of Quar ter Sessions held a few days since- at Mur rurundi, the District Judge was presented with a pair of white kid gloves, there being no prisoner for trial before him. It is gratifying to see that at least in some in stances the duties of the District Judges are inconsiderable ; but the presentation we apprehend was a mistake. Favours, as they are called are only presented by the Sheriff to ; Judges of the superior courts who hold Courts of Oyer and Terminer and are empowered to make a general gaol delivery, so that no person shall remain in prison without good cause assigned. In the present instance although- there was no one for trial before Judge Purefoy whose jurisdiction is limited to a certain class of offences, it is quite possible, indeed we believe it was the case that prisoners weve in gaol within the district waiting for trial at the next Court of General Assize. The custom is an ancient and an honourable one and we should like to see the point settled. _ The City Council have followed the ex ample set by other Corporate bodies throughout, the British dominions in pre senting an. address of condolence to Mrs. Lincoln on her recent bereavement. The address, which will be found in another column was worthy of the occasion. As Alderman Hurley, who undertook the sor rowful. task of moving the address observed, ?sympathy coming from :this „ remote but important city must be doubly grateful tothe bereaved widow. The career of the illustrious deceased during the eventful struggle that has just terminated was nar rowly watched in the Australian colonies and no room was found to express anything but admiration for his justice, temperance and humanity in addition to his other qualities as a Statesman and a Ruler. v From all parts of the Country we learn that meetings are being held or about to be held in connection with the movement for the restoration of St. . Mary's Cathe dral. It is peculiarly gratifying to find that these exertions are not confined to onr co-religionists, but comprise persons of every denomination.. Balmain, Wollon goug, Morpeth, and Windsor hare already ; spoken out At the latter place one of the speakers was William Walker, Esq , M.L. A., and a very handsome sum was subscribed on the spot. The example thus set is likely to be extensively followed. In ?Sydney the Committee meet regularly and quietly but successfully pursue their la bours. The subscription list will be pub lished in a few days, and will annimate those who have not already subscribed. A telegram received from Yass yesterday informs us that the handsome sum of £650 had been collected af a meeting held there for the purpose.. The sporting world is in a state of con siderable activity at present with regard to the Spring meet, which will ..ake place at Rand wick in September. The chief events are the Derby for which 38 horses are entered, and the Mayor's cup for, which there are 27 entrances. The value of the prizes for the former w;ill be about £800. or £900. Pitsford, who has already gained some fame on the same course, is named as the winner, the betting being 5 to 1 on. him. For the cup the prizes will be about £700. Tarragon is the favourite in this race, the betting being the same as. on Pitsford. Our little offshoot, the colony of Queensland, is pushing fast ahead. On. Friday last the foundation of a new Par-r liament was laid by his Excellency Sir George Bowen. The building is to be. about 304 feet long, 86 deep and 103 in height, and if it will not exceed in magni ficence the one designed in Victoria, it promises to be more complete. The Be~ naissance style is the one adopted, but will not be so ornate as buildings of that de scription usually are. We wish all success to the young colony in this and her other undertakings. . 