NEW INSOLVENT. (Schedule filed in Ballarat.) Henry Conwell,Lydiard Btreet; Balhirat, publican. Causesof insolvency-LJSS of business at theClareu don hotel, owing to thu court-house being removed to Ballarat Kust, bad debts and pressure of creditors. Assets, £42 1 Is 61; liabilities, £235 13J 4d; defi ciency, £243 Is lOd. THE FISH DISEASE.-Tbe Winchelsea corres pondent of the Qeelonj Rtgtsler writes as follows : Keadinir in your issue of the 19th inst. an extract copied from tbe Talbot Leader, describing the manner in which the blaekfish of M/Callum'a Creek com mitted suicide by jumping on shore rather than remain in itB waters, called to my mind an occurrence of & Bimilar nature which happened in this neigh borhood some years ago. A party of fowlers in the habit of camping yearly on the shores of Lake Modewnrre, on one of their visits saw the strand covered with thousands ol dead fish, so much DO as to taint tbe air lor u considerable distance. On closer inspection they observed numbers in the act of wurking themselves out of the water as high as tbeir strength would permit them, aud then with a flap of tbe tail giving up the ghost. The lake, which is salt, is about ten miles in circumference, but this phenomenon was only to be noticed lor a certain distance where the water from the creek, on which a dam had that year been erected for shee;) wasbing purposes, mixed itself in strength with that of the lake, whence they come to the conclu-» . sion that the fish were so disgusted with the flavor of the mutton, that they preferred death on shore to a life in the briny deep when so contaminated. Those fish residing at a distance from the mouth of of the creek made no bones about it, lor ere its un palatable saliva reached them, it was diluted to such homajopathic drams as not to weigh down tneir scales. Further experiments in feeding trout on mutton broth were prevented by the next winter's lain blessing the tish by undaauning the creek, since which the woollen jackets have been washed at their old laundry. The fact of the water of Al'Cal lum's Creek being good enough for man's use, is no reason why the tish should nut despise it; possibly, if they were in the habit of quaffing decoctions of tobacco leaf and she-oak, varied occasionally with something short in the shape of British brandy or blue ruin, they might not be so fastidious; and tbeir not dying last year from the sheepwash might be accounted for if there was a greater supply of running water than there is this year."' HAMILTON TWEED.-We yesterday inspected hts first piece ol cloth yet manufactured in the district. Iodeed we believe with ttie exception of the coarse blankets and rough rugs manufactured ia the l\\-ut ridge stockade, we may say the first piece made in Victoria. The manulacturer is .air F.'Ksogli, the promoter oi tbe Wannon Woollen Mill Company. This gentleman has, with very little assistance, and UDder moBt considerable difficulties, put up a hand loom in the premises adjacent to the offices oi the company, and has now got everything in pretty lair working order. The material used is tome of the best wool grown in the district. It is spun into yarn in Hamilton, eo that ia fact the whole process, in cluding dyeing, is done on the spot. The stuff now being turned out is a tweed of rather thin substance, suitable for summer wear, and we have no doubt from its novelty and the excellence ot the material, it will meet with ft ready dernaud. Mr Iv.ogfi is uf opinion that even hand.looms can bt made to pay, and if so, we can form a pretty good idea of what can be done with power looms. The success of this experiment is very satisfactory as proving that Mr Xeogb in establishing a woollen manulactory at which he has labored with so much perseverauce, is embarking in an undertaking in which he Has tho riuKh practical knowledge in every detail. Eo " ' stronger argument could be brought lurward in tup oort of his pl»n8 and calculation. We hope belore Sona that Hamilton tweeds will be a fashionable article even throughout the coloDy.-Hamilton Spec tator, iilst October. THE DEOUGHT.-Many years have elapsed since these colonics were visited with a season of drought . . auch as the present; aud these whose experience ex tends over that lengthened i eriod will have a keen remembrance of the losses and disasters to which the holders of pastoral country were subjected. Already flinch mischief has been done; many squatters have lost a largo per-centago of their flocks, and the average of the lambing throughout the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia has been ruinouBly small. Some sheep holders find, even taking the year'a increase into account, the numbers of their stock considerably reduced from what they wereatwelvemonth since, 'file agricultural interest has ". also suffered very much, nod aa a maiter of course ithe general public must participate in t!ie losses thai hare occurred in having to pay extravagant ?price* for butchers' meat and garden stufl. But the Jull extent of the mischief is not yet .known, and i cannot be calculated. No one can telf how much longer tbiajearful drought may last. For three loug and dreadful years there was no rainfall in the whole territory of New South Wales. The country along ihe coastof Victoria-then Port Phillip-was indeed an exception, thanks to it6 contiguity to the lo!:y chain of mountains girting its seabjard. There is every reason to think that the northern por tions of the colony beyond the influence ol the Alpine ranges, which were at the time unoccupied, suffered equally with the better known districts of New South Wales. Now, Again it may be the fate oi the colonists to experience a similar terrible visitation. Most sin cerely ie it to be hoped that Buch will not be the case, yet the possibility thereof no living man can deny. The efiects of the drought of 1865 will be felt for many a long year to come. Much suffering will have been occasioned and many persons have ? been ruined. What if the ensuing and next suc ceeding years should be similar to this? The con sequences must be that hundreds and thousands of sheep and cattle will perish. Farmers must leave their lands and seek other occupations, the neces saries of life raised in the colonies must rise to famine prices, a large proportion of the laboring , population will be thrown out of employment, and starvation, distress and disease will become preva lent over the broad face of the Australias.- Ithciine Herald. THE GOVERNMENT AND PROTECTION.-A better instance of protection inconsistency could be scarcely adduced than the fact that the Government called for tenders for the supply of 200 English hearth-stones for the new lunatic asylums at Beechworth and other places. We are quite sure that the majority of our protection reaiers will concur with us that in our own neighborhood we have thousands of tons of stone available for hearth stones, and of even superior quality to the imported article. It is indeed singular that while our local companies are almost daily re ceiving orders for stone for floors of churches, chapels, banks, market places, and other buildings in which the stone floor would necessarily be exposed to much wear aDd tear, yet the Government aBk for a supply of English hearth-stones, not obtainable at ICBS than a COBC of 5s each higher than tho colonial production. Itis evident that an hearth-stone would ' not during the summer months be exposed to any ,wear, and in winter even to only a very little. Per haps, however, tbe Government in using the softer material from England exhibit regard for the heads of those unfortunate persons who are to cccupy the buildings being raised for them by tbe country.-if, A. Mail, 24th October. EABLY BUSH PIKES.-For the first time this sea son we yesterday noticed bush fires springing up in several parts of the horizon. We fear the fact is only one of many other unmistakeable indications of a hot and dry summer. Usually bush fires do not tnake their appearance in this district till fully a month later than this period, and not unfrequently these signs of drought are not visible till the middle Of December.' Dii averlite omen. In common with every resident of the gold fields and agricultural -districts, we mu6t pray for more rain between now and the end of November. After that it iB hopeless to expect much moisture.-Dayltsford Expreu, 24 th October, 