.^~^^'^^™!'*?^''55'5!'!fflHHHKlB'1''11^^^ ^ — — SEASCE A. LA. MESSIEURS DAVENPORT. IHTEBYTEW WITH THX SOULOP A TOUGH BEEFSTEAK. ' Incantation —Goblin musio by the cook scrubbing ? a tinpan in the kitchen. ' - O ! bovine etiost of boiled and roast I summon thee, arise ! to here I toil with .weary jaws — Void stomach— tearful eyes. Come forth, fell spiite, and vindicate Tfaineieaiihly, tough disguise — ' In the solemn name of a truss of hay Again/ X say, arise 1 Resolve tfcis tangled leathery web I toe despairingly ; For I must eat the fearful morsel ] By that villain cook's decree. j . Alas ! thy flesh is cruel fare, Yet will I say &r; thee It gives 1he very best of wear, O, Bullock ! O, Bullocky ! ? ? * ? * * Hie shadow form of a snaily horn Now flitted slowly by, And a mournful voice crept to my ear Between a groan «.ud sigh. BESPOHSE. My Dame was Nob, 'tis nineteen years Since first I saw the ;eun ; * With wrongs and pains, and toils and fears Of whips and hunger, blows and sneers— Through glue-pot swamps, o'er breakneck tiers, My earthlj coarse was run. My owner cut and branded me In oaUhood's careless hours. And taught me soon that yoking-up Had spirit-breaking powers ; Ah I memory holds the record of Fall many a curse and blow My reckless, cruel .master gave — They cali'd the wretch ' Flash Joe.' Smart lads would write whip-alphabets On my devoted skin ; And 6mi:ing Christiana saw the deed But seldom cali'd it«in ; Through toilsome days and hungry nights Too ofc, alas, I've gone. Chewing imaginary cuds, For real ones Iliad none. Through grades of pain promofon came 'tf arl oler' they made me, When J. «' - sha p whip-stick sought ay rils In doubtful pleasantry ; With topp'ingloa. 's o*e si ppery steeps I found the fact to be, That hon-.rs - f supericr rank BoiLet mes h ng heavily. At length when riendly pi uro cam] Ai d caught me ju the s y, My to nder matter 1 utchered me For fear that ? th ulio e ; And now my flesh go thauk'eBs maws lake thine ingrat ) and vile, C M-' cannibaU w lie e ting me Abusj ma sll th wh le. Alavelf cook-mail gained my heart For six-pence a* it hung, I was very dear to her sue said, And I belieyj her, for she had The remnsnt of my lu g ; My blood they made black puddings of The miller gri ds my bone, My hide nan t bear more beating yet Uion some base lap-stone. Bat ah 1 nnkihttestcut of all That wrings the wildest wail, For some fastidious epicure They even bailed to soup my poor Inoculated tail. Avenging memory, canst thou, With speechless horror arch his brow, And make bis gills grow pale. * ? . ? « Those recollections harrow me, I may not tell thee more ; Bnt marvel not my flesh is hard.i With knotted fibres clinched and barred By many a callous sore. Go ask creedmongera, learned and wise. If they «an answer thee, For needless pains and cruel wrongs, Who shall stone to me. . ? ? ? . * * The snaily-hom toss'd threateningly, One bellow shook the room A ghostly tail swung like a flail, Then melted into gloom. SAGITTARIOS. Goolwa, January 21, 1865. 