CLABBN0B VERSUS CAMBRIDGE. To the Editor of (he Advertiser. SIR,—I have read with much interest, and, I may add, instruction, the rejoinder of the hon member for Cambridge to the hon member for Clarence. The political capacity and integrity of the former contrast strongly with those of the latter. In fact so severe is the castigation which has been inflicted on the member for Clarence, that to refer to the subject must be rather galling to him. Nevertheless, ss an elector of Cambridge, I must ask permission for the inseition of a few remarks on the correspondence referred to. It is apparent, in the first place, Mr Lewis thought he had caught a weasel asleep, and uo doubt expected to make .a rich political harvest out of the circumstance. In thi. h6 has been foiled by bis longer headed compeer, and for a time at least visions of greatness and grandeur have been swept from the coveted grasp of the representative of Clarence. It is an Englishman's privilege to grumble at taxation, it matters not in what form it i. exhibited whether direct or indirect—whether taken off or transferred from one article to another. It is like Macbeth's ghost, " it comes in such a questionable shape"—but anon. There is no doubt the time is coming when a tax on wool, a poor rate, and other rateB will have to be imposed. But that particular moment has not yet arrived, and therefore it is has been necessary to adopt other means of meeting the expenditure of the Country. And here comes the enquiry—" What has Clarence to complain of in the present arrangement ?" L9000 for the Sorell Causeway, and L2000 for the Cambridge Koad, will be an outlay very far more beneficial and important to Clarence than withholding from it one year's insignificant road contribution. Of course Mr Lewi, know, thisjand it is a pity, therefore, that, whilst lie would have his constituency believe he was .training at a gnat, he had actually swallowed a camel. MreTEirotr. DEATHS.—An Enquiry was opened on Friday last, at the Exchange Hotel, to enquire into the death of two young children named Amy Sturgess and her sister Eliza, the former aged 3 years and the latter 5 years who had died under the following mysterious circumstances. It would appear that ;both the mother and father of the children are away from them very often, and ou Tuesday week last the children were left alone Being hungry.tbey knocked at the doors of a neigh- bour named Evans who is said to be at enmity with the Sturgess's. The children were supplied with some potatoes, and when the mother returned home she found the youngest child very bad and vomiting and retching very much. She very quickly conveyed the child to the Hospital and it expired juBt BS it reached the gate of that institution. Not the slightest su.picion was caused, but on the very next day (Wednesday) the eldest child was brought to the Hospital, having the very same Bymptons. The >oor little thing waB received int. the Hospital, and ived but a few day. Both children were buried but in consequence of certain rumour, which got abroad an enquiry was set on foot and resulted in the holding of the inquest referred to. The bodies were exhumed and brought to the Hospital and every means will be adopted to discover the real cause of death. The mother is almost a lunatic in Conseqnence of hersudd«n bsreavomoat,«ud un Satur day she endeavoured to force her way, to the bodies ol her childre i to tear them away but was restrained b; Ihe Coroner. Her state »f mind £and health rejdered it necessary, we believe, to detain her in the Hospital, for medical treatment. The case is not only a most painful, but a most mysterious one. TnE TRACTIOM ENGINE.—Tho Citizens of Elizibetli street were aroused on Sunday (yesterday) morning, at about i o'clock, by the arrival of the Traction Engine, which came along safe and sound, laden with t«o and a half waggons of wheat, brought from Oatlands. THE ROSTER.—The Magistrate, whose names are on tho Roster for presiding at the Police Court to-day are His Worship the Mayor, D. Lewis, and H. Bilton, Esquires. GENERAL HOSPITAL.—List Friday was the day appointed for the usual meeting of the Board of Management, but at the hour appointed (4 o'clock) there was imt a quorum, and the meeting lapsed. Attention is rcqueBted to the auction sale this day, by Mr Worley, at half past 11, of sundry implements, shopfittings, tec, on the premises, Harrington-.treet, belonging to lir Ware, who has determined to reduce his stock, BEIXERIVE'^IFLE ASSOCIATION.—This Association is rapidly progressing. All the Rides for the member, have been obtained and they nre in good iractice. The Target, for which a 'specification was lindly furnished by Mr Solly, has been made and completed by Mr Nichols, of Kangaroo Point, an 1 is a really well made article. The iron is three eighths of an inch in thickness and is fastened to heavy blocks of wood through which bullets could not possibly penetrate. The size of the Target at preset is 6 feet hy and is intended to be fixed on the second Bluff for a range of 400 yards. A meeting of!theCommittee'to|arraniie]various preliminaries was held on Saturday last. Doubtless the Association will Boon ba in first rate-working older. UKION QDAETZ CEOSHINO COMPANY.—We have been informed that the whole of the requisite number of shares have been taken up in this Company, and it promises to be one of the most successful of the Quartz Crushing] Companies. It will be a contest between this Company and the Fineal Quartz Crushing Company (Downing's), ns tj which will commence operation first. Almost tho whole of a the machinery of ea^li Company arc upon the site of the works, and the reefs nre eaid to be get-at-ahle with very little difficulty. Everything looks most promising for the Companies,and if they are. successful Tasmania will without doubt become prosperous again. OLD COLONISTS MEETING,—A meeting of old Colonists lias been convened by Mr W. B. Allison, the member for the city, at the Ship Hotel, on Wed. nesday next, at 3 o'clock, for the purpose of getting up an old Colonists, dinner by appuiming stewards and arranging preliminaries; therefore, we hope to see the meeting well attended. ACCIDENT.—A boy named William Grey, aged 16 years, in the service of Mr Baker, of Kangaroo Bottom, was amusing himself yesterday evening, at S o'clock, and while playing upon a cart he fell therefrom on to the ground, and broke his arm. He was removed to the General Hospital immediately, where the arm was set by Dr Turnley, and he was takcu home again. OBBEBTANS, 