TRADE AND THE MONEY MARKET. From the "Home News' we take the fol- lowing items of commercial intelligence: — The news of the surrender of General Lee and his army has caused a fresh fall of 5 per cent, in the Confederate Loan, which is now quoted only at 12 to 14, but a rise of 1½ to 2 per cent, in United States 5-20 Bonds, which are quoted at 66½ to 67½. There is also an advance in other North American securities ; otherwise the stock markets are quiet. The funds have barely maintained previous prices. Foreign stocks are dull, and home railways steady. The news from America has not had any appreciable effect upon the discount market, the rate for the best bills being still 3 7/8 to 4 per cent., with occasional transactions at 3¾. The supply of money is good. In the Stock Exchange the charge for short loans is 2½ to 3 per cent., being rather higher. Almost all the produce markets have ex- perienced a marked improvement on ac- count of the American news, which has led generally to the impression that we shall have shortly an active demand on American account. Tenders for £400,000 New Zeulnd Government 8 per cent. Treasury Bills were opened on the 30th of- March at tho Bauk of Now Zealand. Applications amounting to nearly £700,000 were re ceived, of which £130,000 was above the minimum. The balance could all have been allotted in the room ; but the agents for the issue have decided to receive applica tions till 12 o'clock on April 3rd for the unallotted portion of the second series at and above £1 8s. per cent, premium, and of the third series at and above £1 16s. per cent, premium. The whole of the first series was taken abuse the minimum. The report of the Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China, to be presented ou April 12tli, states the disposable balance to be £G3,3.1L'J, out of which the directors feel it necessary to set aside £'42,000 to meet bad and doubtful debts from the re cent depreciation of Eastern produce. From the balance of .£41,349 they recom mended a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum for the half-year, luuvinjj £1341) to be carried forward. The reserve fund now stauds at £105,000. At the meeting of the Oriental Bank Corporation to be held ou the 21st of April, the directors propose to. declare a dividend of £-1 a share, making, with £2 alreudy pnid, a distribution of 1 0 „_ per cent, for l8(J4. It was reported that an amalgamation had been arranged between the National Financial Company and the Oriental Com- mercial Bank, and it now appears that the Financial Corporation is likewise to join, und Unit the three companies ur.e to be uou di-ndud' into' one under the title of the Oriental Commercial Bank .with £ 1, 500,000 uominal capital (first issue), iu 75,000 shares of £20 each, with j£5 paid It is announced that Messrs. J. L. Moilliet and Sons, the only remaining private bankers at Birmingham, havejoined their bank to that oi Lloyd's Bank ing Company (limited), which was recently promoted to take up tho business of Messrs, Lloyds, the private bankers, in consequence of the failure of Messrs. Attwoods, Spooncr, and Co. The Board of Trade returns for the past month show a falling oil' of about 10i per cent, in the value of our exports compared with those of the corresponding mouth of last year, but an increase of 22 per cent, on those of February, 1803. Our shipments of cotton manufactures wore only about 3 per. cent, less both in value anil quautity than those of February last year, but of cotton yarns tlioy were 24 per cent, less iu value una in per cent, less in quatuuy. Iron manufactures show the heavy fulling off of 35 per cent. Woollen and lineu goods and yams also figure for some rcductiou. British Columbia Government G per cout. debentures for .£100,000 have been ottered to public competition by tho Crown agents for the colonies, but only a small portion of that amouut allotted at prices ranging from par to 103.- The reserved price was 100. The prospectus of the British, India, and Colouii.l Trust and Agency Corporation (limited) is in circulation. This company proposes to make the first issue of £100,000 of share capital, in 5000 shares of £20 each, a considerable number of which are stutod to have been applied for. Tho objects pro posed arc of a varied character. The meeting of the Chartered Bank of India, Australia, and China, took place on the 1 1 th April. The net profit for the year amounts to £'104,827, which is increased to £117,888, by the addition of £13,06'l brought forward from the previous twelve months. After deducting the interim divi dend declared in October, there remains a disposable balance of £C3,3jl'J, and a dividend--_wns,\decl^red for the bail' year at the rate of 10 per ofjiij. per anrmjm- free of income-tax, making- a total distribution of 12^ percent, for the twelve month's. The bulunce to be carried forward is £13-1U. The paid-up capital of the bank now amounts to £800,000, and tho reserve to £105,000. The sum of £22, 000 has been set aside to meet bad aud doubtful debts chiufly caused by tho depreciation of eastern produce held as collateral security. The directors of the- Austrlian Agricultu ral Company have made a call of 10s. per share, payable by the 1st of June. The Union Bank of Australia, as finan cial agents of the Gcvorumont of Queens land invite tenders, receivable until noon on Wednesday, the Drd/of May, for (i percent. i debentures to the amount of £127,500, being the balance issued under the receut Act of the colonial Legislature. These debentures aro of £100 each, and become due on the 1st January, 1884. The prin cipal and intreso are payable in Londou or Brisbane, at the option of the holder. The Confederate Seven per Cent. Cottou Loan, now quoted at 12 to 14, was brought out about two years ago — viz., in March, 18G3 — at 90 per cent., and at one period, commanded a premium of 5 to 5^ upon that price. The amount was originally £3,000,000 sterling, but has since been considerably reduced by the application of the sinking fund of 5 per cent, per annum, combined with the extinction of the bonds against cotton brought from the Confeder ate Government, in accordance with the terms of the prospectus. The depreciation is enormous, but it would be incorrect to assume that the loss hn.' fallen with any peculiar severity upon individual holders ; it has, on the contrary, been widely diffused, for, owing to its essentially speculative nature, the stock has been passed from hand to hand with great rapidity. A special meeting of the Scottish Aus- tralian Investment Company (limited), is convened for April 28th, when resolutions will be submitted "for the purpose of in- creasing the capital of the company by the creation of £200,000 of Six per Cent. Guaranteed Preference Stock; such Six per Cent. Guaranteed Preference Stock to be in substitution for the Five per Cent, Preference and Guarauteed Preference Stocks of the company already created." The Colonial and General Land Credit Company (Limited) is announced, with a proposed capital of £1,000,000, iu 40,000 shares of £25 each, of which one- half are to be issued in the first instance. It \u mentioned that the object is to carry on 'iu the British colonies aud adjacent ter ritories' the business ot a land and credit company. Preliminary arrangements have been made for buying estates in Natal und in the Orange Free State to the extent of 300,000 acres in each, consisting of tho grazing and agricultural land, on which it is proposed to induce emigrants to settle. All sorts of agency business, including that connected with trusts and executorships, aro also to be conducted by the company, with the aid of local committees. Anglican Order of St. Benedict. — Brother Ignatius is engaged in serious difficulties with his third order. Some have resigned, and others do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St. Benedict has been celebrated with great pomp in the mon- astery. The "Mother Abbess," the cele- brated Miss Sellon, assisted at the service in her full robes as an abbess, an acolyte bearing her handsome pastoral staff. On Good Friday morning, Brother Ignatius and the brethren of the English Order of St. Benedict made special efforts to cele- brate the day accordiug to their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, al- though two large candles glimmered gloom- ily before the altar. After a few secouds, however, it was apparent that a procession was advancing at a snail's pace through the gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely packed congregation, principally of the poorer class. The rich baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which the procession was sing- ing. ' When the procession reached the altar a few more candles were lit, aud it wus then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered with the cowl of the order. Among tho novel tics introduced into the ceremonial ou this occasion wus the following : — At the words in tho gospel, ' It is finished,' und ' lie bowed his hnud and gave up the ghost,'1 an attempt was made to portray tho lightning aud thunder which the Scripture narra tives (thus the reporter) record to have at tended the real event. Tho thunder was more successful than the lightning, which my be said, indeed, to have been a mure flash in the pan , some of the kitchen utensils would seem, irom tiie nature or ? the sound evolved, to have been concerned behind the scenes iu the production of the thunder. At this cxtruordiuary scene — or rather attempt at a scene — Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouseley, all thu monks, und most of the congregation, prostrated them selves for a low seconds. — Home News, April 20. Colmkiiy Explosion and Loss or Fouu Lives. — An explosion of firedamp occurred at the Dill Hall Lane Colliery, Church, near Blackburn, on Tuesday even ing, by which four collier?, ' drawers,' were killed on the spot. Shortly before five o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, four drawers named JohnCecil (aged 23) John Ulingwortb (18), George Easthani (1'), and John Due worth (14), left theig respective work ,ings in the ruiiic, which belongs to the exe cutors of the late Mr. Joseph Barnes, to convey tubs of the coal tot by their ir asters to the pit eye to be hoisted to the bank. On their way it is supposed they stopped to rest in the main road, and that one of them lifted the top from his safety lamp for some purpose, when some foul air which was lurking in that part of the mine instantly exploded, and killed all of them at once. The shock wus heard all over the mine, aud the men engaged in various parts of it instantly made uu effort to get to the pit eye and be hoisted to tbe bank. In this they happily succeeded, the state of the mine being such that there was little foul air in other parts of it. On their way to the pit eye the colliers came upon the dead bodies of the four young men. — Colliery Guardian, April 15. Execution at Durham. — Shocking Scene. — A large crowd assembled in front of Durham Gaol, on Thursday in last week, to witness the execution of Matthew Atkin son, a pitman, who was condemned to death at the Durham spring assizes, for the mur der of his wife, at the Spen, a colliery vil lage near Winlaton, in the county of Durham. About half-past seven Askcrn, tho executioner, appeared upon tho scuf fold, and proceeded to attach the rope to the cross beam. He gave it sufficient length for a fall of four feet, but, as if not satis fied with that, ho shortly afterwards re turned, and increased the fail by about half a foot more. As the prison clock struck eight, the under- sheriff, Mr. W. Wooler, stepped upon the scaffold, closely followed by Atkinson, who looked perfectly cool and collectjd, but ashy pale. He Walked for wurd and placed himself beneath the gal lows. 'While engaged in deep devotion with the chaplain, his utterance seemed to be affected by an irrepressible convulsive twitching of the heavy lower jaw, but this | was the only sign of emotion perceptible Just before Askern put on the cap and drew the noose around his neck, Atkinson cast a rapid glance upwards and around as if taking a lust look at this earthly scene. The bolt was drawu aud the drop fell ; but, dreadful to relate, as the rope tightened with the weight of the miserable culprit, it snapped like u piece of packing thread, and he fell with a thundering crush into the interior of tho scufl'old. The dreadful event was rendered more horrible still by a hoarse and deafening cheer bursting from the throats of the spectators. The greatest excitement instantly prevailed. What was passing within the grim scaffold no one without could tell, and speculations were heard on all sides as to whether the fall had killed the wretched man, or, if not dead, whether the officials would proceed to re enact the ghustly tragedy there and then. An age seemed to have elupsed, when at the expiration of twenty minutes, Askern set tled all doubt as to what would be done under these unusual and frightful circum stances by appeuring on the scaffold with a piece of rope us thick agaiti'as that which had snapped. While attaching it to the beam he was saluted by a storm of groans and hisses, and loud cries of ' O, you vil lain !' A minute or two afterwards, to the surprise of every one, tho murderer stepped unsupported upon the scaffold, his pallid ictamres Having assumed u purpnsn tinge, and his neck being encircled by u dark red mark, showing what a terrible wrench the rope had given him. Askern, putting the noose around his neck, aud put forth so much strength iu drawing it tight as to draw down upon him another storm of hoots and groans. Owing to the thickness and rigidity of the rope, however, he failed to druw it close, and the consequence was that, when tho drop fell, the unhappy cri minal struggled frightfully for several se conds before the gullows did its horrible mission. The Fatal Colliery Explosion, at Church. — The inquest on the bodies of John Cecil, John Illingworth, George East- ham, and John Duckworth, who met with their deaths by suffocation in Dill Hall Coal pit, at Church, near Accrington, was re- sumed on Monday. Mr. Charles Bradbury said that in the level where the men were found there was a current of air of about 4000 feet per minute, quite sufficient to carry off any impure air, and to prevent an explosion in that place. The level was arched with brick for twenty yards, and the deceased were found within a space of forty yards. The arching was more than five feet high, and he thought that some foul air might have lodged about it, which had come into contact with Cecil's lamp. That was the only way he could account for the ex- plosion. Men working at a distance of 230 yards from the place felt the explosion slightly, but continued their work. He did not think the fireman was to blame. The deceased were not burned, and he supposed there had been an explosion from the roof having fallen and doors being damaged. — By Mr. Dickinson, the Government luspcc tor: Cecil was duly authorised lumprnan, and he (witness) could not account for him leaving his place with an open lamp. He had not heard of any men having their lamps unlocked. Three weeks ago they be gan to pump water from some old workings, and bubbles of gas escaped, Hume of which would pass near to when: the explosion took pluce, but not in the same level, There had only been one explosion since he came to tbe mine, ten years ago. lie would not consider it safe to open a lump where Cecil had his after the explosion. Cecil ought not to have gone out of his placa. — The fire mun, Henry Sanderson, deposed to having examined ull the workings of the men, aud found them safe. He would give no opinion us to the cause of the explosion. Mr. Tho mas Farriinond, engineer, of Manchester, who appeared on behalf of the owners, gave evidence to show that it was probable an ex plosion had not taken pluce, for if it had, he supposed that there would have been truces of it left, either on the persons of deceased or on the clothing about thft place. He sup posed that the archway had fallen acciden tally, and that some carbonic ucid gas had escaped from the old workings, from winch the men could make egress, in consequence of the fallen material. — Mr. Dickinson dif fered from this view. — The coroner having summed up, the jury retired, and after twenty minutes' absence they returned a verdict that the deceased had been suffo cated, but by what means it did not appear. — Colliery Guurdian, April 22. Dr. Jaync's Haiii Tonic elogantlypcrfamecl, can b» had in Whitu Flint Cilas.it Buttles with B1*' sloppem, suitable for thu toilets tablu or dressing bureau. The qualitiei of tliii celebrated preparation are tin, well known as to-corcely require mention j but we will say, if your luad isfcald or partially tu, if your hair is harsh and dry fulliog li/Tor turning grey, or if your head U uovere with daodrifl', scurf, or bkin diwawt, Jayuc's Hair Tonic is the article to remedy Ilium evils; ml juuvu it, yuu have'ooiy (u give it a trial. Ubmai;k4»i.y Large Tuke. — The Brazilian journals would seem to outvie Baron Munchausen in the discoveries of natural wonders. They tell of a tree on the banks of the Branca, a tributory of the River Amazon, under the canopy of which 10,000 human beings may find shelter, and the height of which is such, that a gigantic bird, the Tononydon, another wonder of' the basin of the Amazon, perches itself so high up the branches as to be out of rifle shot. The tree belongs to the Malvuceous order, and is called by the Brazilians Souina. St. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. — No part either of the cathedral or the residence of the Archbishop was insured. The whole of the walls will probably have to be taken down. Mr. Newby has just discovered a cedar scrub on Paddy's Land, which is but 58 or 60 miles from Armidale. — Express. 