? {From Once a Week.) I could not make out precisely jvhat the man was, who sat Tjy trie after dinner, smoking, in the balcony of the little Inn at Dummereselstein, on the Rhine. But I was sure he was a Yankee. He seemed well " posted up" in aU the history . and antiquities of Bhineland. Our converse tion turning on the strange tales that attach to the many castles on the river-side heights—to Liebenstein and Sernfels on the tower of the Gat of the House. " And of that ruin yonder," I said, as I pointed with the end of my cigar to Teufelfels, then just catching the first sight of the rising moon, " Of that ruin yonder, down the stream, I know no legend at all; Murray does not mention it." "Don't you indeed?—Wal, now, I do; —a tale that licks any of your old legends all to smithereens. And it s true, too, sir; and that's what can not be said of most other tales." Had I a mind so to do I could not repeat the story in the words of the Transatlantic narrator; and could I remember the words and terms of expression that gave it,, in a literary point of view, a distinctly Columbian character, it would be impossible to convey on paper any idea of the tricks of pronunciation and grimace which gave zest to the recital. The facts, however, in themselves, are sufficiently remarkable. Here is the sum and substance of them. Some fifteen years ago the Yankee had been sojourning as now at Dummereselstein. Business, or pleasure, or whatever his vocation in life might be, kept him there for some days. Of all the crowd of travellers of all nations who passed up and down the river, one party attracted more of his notice than the rest from the simple fact of seeing them again and again. These consisted of an old French gentleman, his wife and daughter. Scarcely a day passed but they were to be seen walking through the street of Dummereselstein. From inquiries made of a man who let donkeys, it was discovered that monsieur, madame, and mademoiselle, occupied a diminutive cottage at Schwachkopfheim, and that Mademoiselle was much addicted to sketching. Hour after hour she would sit in a boat moored in the river, or on a point of vantage on the hills, and transfer to her book by no means contemptible representations of the fair landscape round about. At this time there was sojourning at Dummereselstein a young Englishman, who had come with a friend to spend the vacationin "reading." Leftby his companion alone in the little inn, he became by some favouring chance acquainted with the French family of the neighbouring village. He fished madame's poodle out of the river, or ;picked up monsieur's spectacles on the road, or some how or other, never mind how, acquired the privilege of saluting not only monsieur and madame, but also mademoiselle into the bargain. And then all four made a long excursion together. And then the Englishman might have been seen more than o.ice walking home late in the evening to Dummereselstein, by the Schwachkopfheim road, and it was alleged that he had dined with the old Frenchman. On a certain afternoon the fair weather was broken by a very violent storm. It was all very well as far as appearances went from within. The river and the rocks and the woods looked sublime enough as the rein hissed over them, and the lightning lit" up their recesses. But it was very uncomfortable to endure within. "As I jjgflked out of .this self-same balcony," said aplNyjrrator, " I just thought that I'd a long sigEfl^Aher be in than out. I coulcj, fancy.some folksVswgnigh skeeredhj-the glare and the noise, uiie ^fiash caaBe right over that vold tumble-down Teufelfels over th'ere, ahd *I reckoned it must have been pretty nigh blowed iu or blowed up—what tliere- waB of it - to. blow. It _was amazin' grand; and one of the finest advertisements of the power of Providence I've ever seen. If you could turn on a good thunderstorm here, now, stranger, you'd say it was worth looking at, rather." While the storm was at its height, and the Yankee was congratulating himself upon being safe and dry in the coffee-room of the inn, he saw the little old Frenchman and the young Englishman approach the same welcome asylum, both dripping wet, and half-drowned in the pelting rain. " You must of course stay here with me," hp heard the latter say. " Mademoiselle is doubtless safe with madame. You must not think of returning to-night. Madame will understand how it. is, and rest assured that you are here. I can supply you with d]ry clotheB." So the old gentleman supped at the table d'hote and retired early to rest as peaceful as possible during a temporary divorce a mensa et thoro. And the rain- rattled and splashed, and the thunder pealed, and it was clear enough that he had done very wisely not to attempt the three miles' walk along the road to the Schwachkopfheim Ferry. . The morning was cloudless and bright. The Englishman and Frenchman appeared together at breakfast, and were talking over the storm and the probable anxieties of madame and mademoiselle, when a waiter entered with a note, which he put into the hands of the Frenchman. As the little gentleman glanced at the superscription, he turned white, and his face fell He tore open the envelope, read hurriedly through the letter, and led his young companion out of the room. What did it mean? And what could be more natural than that the Yankee should pick up the fallen envelope and read the address,—written thereon in a trembling female hand—" Mademoiselle Niboyet, - Hotel de 1'Europe, Dummereselstein" Why shouldthisrouse marks of trepidation and alarm in the old father's face ?—In five miuutes.a Noachian vehicle, belonging to the inn, was brought out,—the Englishman and the Frenchman jumped in, urging the driver to, all possible speed, and'clattered out of sight in the direction ofcSehwachkopiheim. What had happened was, as was afterwards-discovered,- -as -follows:—At three o'clock on the. previous afternoon, Mademoiselle, jNlbpyet "had taken; l^aj"e,of>, her mowfCT at "ScWaehkopfheim) ana started "to meet her father at Dummereselstein, and "retui-n thence withTliim. The storm had come on. Madame Niboyet" felt assured that herdaughter wag .detained with monsieur, anS that they preferred spending the night in Dummereselstein, "to undertaking an hour's" unpleasant journey in the wind and wet. Adelaide, she surmised, if she had suffered from the drenching rain, would be put to bed -and tended by the kindly hostess of the Hotel de l'Europe.'' So, in the morning, she wrote a little noto to her daughter, and dispatched with it a packet of clothes. It was at the sight of this note that Niboyet pere trembled with dread. Adelaide had left Schwachkopfheim the previous evening.. She had never arrived at Dummereselstein. What had become of her ? Her disappearance was the cause of course of terrible excitement. At first it was thought that she might have sought shelter from the tempest in one of the cottages that stand by the road-side. But inquiry dispelled this hope. On the morning before the storm she made an agreement with her father to walk to meet him in Dummereselstein late in the afternoon. At about three o'clock,' according to Madame Niboyet, she had donned her hat and mantle, had said, " My little mother, I shall be in delay for my father if I do not hasten myself," andhad set out with a very joyous face and gait. Madame remarked that she had her sketch-book under her arm, and wondered at this, because she would have probably no opportunity to use it. This was the last that had been seen of her. The cottages along the road declared that they had not seen the missing girl go by; but that they had not watched the path; the storm kept them close indoors. Messengers were sent down the river almost as far as the Seven Mountains to see if any corpse had been washed on shore, or any scraps of clothing been found that might give indications of poor Adelaide's fate. Even had no rewards been offered, the search would have been hearty and careful, for everybody had been more or less captivated by the Frenchwoman's winning ways. But, in spite of money, and in spite of love, nothing was achieved except failure. Nothing could be discovered. The old father trudged backwards and forwards, and offered sums that would have been a little fortune to any of the Bhineland peasantry. The sorrowing mother was not seen, but everybody felt, her woe, and everybody would have given much to bring back the lost girl, and with her the lost happiness. The young Englishman was peculiarly miserable. And it was now remarked that he did not aid, though he said nothing to discourage the careful examination on the ground between his own and the French folks' dwelling. Behind Schwachkopfheim there is a little hill or knoll, separated by a ravine and running stream from the more precipitous height of Teufelfels. It was here that he was most often to be seen looking thoroughly miserable. A fortnight went quickly by. No news was heard of Mademoiselle Adelaide. The Englishman's companion returned from Hollenbaden. The two supposed-students star- ted for Switzerland. The Yankee's pleasure, or business, called him at the sametime a- way from Dummereselstein, and on the very mornig of his embarking on the Dusseldorf boat, he saw, he said, the bent and broken down figures of Monsieur and, Madame Niboyet helped into the cp,iafe of the diligence, their faces thgjfery' picture of grief and desolation—^tfe little group of hungers round tfce starting vehicle standing respeetivelj>g'ife nt. "JKfeft," said I, " this is a very melanoly story, but what has it to do with the Teufelfels ? You promised me a legend of the ruin,—and beyond the fact of your having seen it in a thunderstorm, you have said have said nothing about it. But was anything heard of mademoiselle. " Guess you'll hear it all in time, sir, if you'll wait till I've done. But my throat is just catawampously dried up with talking. Lets us have a bottle of Schwachkopf heimer,, and then I'll get on with the legend." Some five years after the even ts j ust recounted my friend, it would seem, was at Dummereselstein again, and of course, at the Hotel de l'Europe ,He saw one morning at breakfast, an Englishman, whose face he thought was familiar to him, seated by the side of a charming young lady, obviously and manifestly his bride. " Adelaide Niboyet !" " Out there, stranger: that wouldn't be a legend, would it ?" No. Adelaide was dark. The present young Englishman, travelling on his. wedding tour. And he seemed to be a person in prosperous circumstances, for there was a carriage, and a courier, and a maid. After breakfast the lady retired, and the Yankee accosted her lord. He recalled the circumstances which had occurred when they were last sojourning together under the same roof. He begged to inquire whether the Englishman had heard anything of the lost girl or of her unfortunate parents. With regard to mademoiselle Adelaide, the Englishman was just going to put the same question to him. Monsieur and Madame Niboyet, the Englishman had heard on unimpeachable authority, were both dead. The old gentleman had survived the calamity about a year; his wife lingered in solitude for a few months longer, and then died too. Here the maid brought a message to her master, and 1 etired. The bride it appeared was tired of her journey, and proposed to rest in her apartments for that morning. The Yankee was projecting, he said, a walk to Schwachkheim, and proposed that the Englishman should accompany him. This latter, it appeared, had alread been once to the scene of the mysterious disappearance in the interval between hiB departure with his fellow student, and his return with his bride. An irresistible impulse attracted him to the fatal spot, and though he was tenderly attached to his new wife, he could not pass the place in which were enshrined the memories of an early and unfortunate attachment, without , having to make new enquiries touching the still unknown-fate-of its hapless object. He was glad that his wife was indisposed to walk outTjii'th'aJpMti'cular morning,ior he had said notKing to her about the old love, and her presence -would only embarrass his movements. The Yankee now learned,—what he had not lenown before,—that on the day of the storm, it had been arranged . between Adelaide and the Englishman that she should start, as though going.to meet her father in Dummereselstein, but should betake herself to the wooded knoll behind Schwachkopf heim, and theremeethim,whohadnow declared himself her lover. The other party to this contract had "been unable to keep his promise, for he had fallen in by chance with Monsieur Niboyet, and that gentleman had held him fast, and insisted on his " walking homo with Adelaide" to dinner. Then came the storm. Adelaide, the Englishman had thought, as her father thought, must be safe with madame. The letter of the morning dispelled this illusion. Itwasat leastclear why the Englishman had searched more diligently through the copses behind Schwachkopfheim, than on the high road to Dummereselstein. The Yankee and his companion wandered over the old ground, aud talked over the old story. " I searched," the Englishman said, " every bit of this ground for the slightest trace of her having been here, and found nothing." The Yankee then proposed that for, the sake of the view, they should clamber up the height of Teufelfels. Half an hour's scramble brought them over the gully, and up to the very base -of the ruined tower. Many masses of masonry were lying round, —showing that once the castle had been as capacious as it was strong. Now only one tower remained, and into that there seemed no means of access. There was a great rift in the wall some twelve or fifteen feet above the ground, but nothing whereby to reach it. Part of a wall seemed once to have led up to the base of this'opening, but that was now thrown down. Marks in the tower indicated where the party wall had met it, and the ground was littered by the falling blocks of stone. The adventures were bent on exploring the hidden interiors of the tower. " I remember," said the Englishman, "inspecting this about a week after Adelaide Niboyet's disappearance, and thinking that if it had been less difficult of access, and she could have got into it, it might have afforded her shelter from the storm." At last the Yankee and his comrade hit on an expedient for making an entry. They conveyed with some exertion two long-felled pine trunks, that were lying not many yards off, to the the foot of the tower, arid succeededin proppingthemin sucha way against the masonry that a skilful gvmnast might reach theapartune in the wall.. Somehow or other they both succeeded, in clambering up to the ledge formed in the thick wall of the old tower. The floor inside they found nearly 011 a level with the cleft • through which they baid entered. They turned round on achieving the assent, to survey the glorious prospect before them. Then* they both stepped dow« on the heaps of stones that formed a floor. Why did the Englishman start back with a sudden gesture of horror as they passed into the cavernous interior of the ruin ?— At what did lie point in such horror-stricken silence?—Can there be a doubt?... . Half concealed by .a ..fragment of mosscovered stone, h.aA£ sheltered by an arched recess in/bte wall, lay a whitening skeleton. Bftau'd it were still some crumbling fragments of clothing. Long black hair stSl trailed from the staring skull. Both discoverers gazed some time without uttering a word. The Yankee was the first to break the spell, and to observe that now one mystery was a mystery 110 longer. Adelaide Niboyet had evidently met her death in the tower of Teufelfels. But how had she got there ? And by what liard case was it that none had heard the cries by which doubtlessly she sought to attract attention ? The Englishman made no reply, but still gazed moodily on the corpse; aud the Yankee thought" ho looked most earnestly where on the small bone of what was once an.agile finger, there still shone a little hoop of gold. The Yankee was bent on discovering something that might give some clue to the unravelling of the further mystery of the existence of the skeleton in such a place. Presently he pounced on a treasure, lying in a narrow cleft of the wall, close by the dead girl's right hand. This was the sketch-book. Stoutly bound in sound leather, and protected from the weather by the shelter of the stone, it was still but little injured. At sight • of it the Englishman looked up, and with a white face and trembling lip,— turned to aid in its examination, It was of large size, and contained many sheets of drawing paper—some of them showing signs of the more than common taste and ability of the owner. One of these latter fixed the attention of the discoverers in a moment. It was the outline 01 a drawing of the scene from the opening in the tower. Schwachkopfheim lay below in the foreground. Dummereselstein was just dashed iu iu the background. The colouring had not yet been begun. The Englishman took it out of his companion's hand, and gazed at it with a sorrowful interest. The American then saw that there was writing on the other side. Yes, on the back of the drawing the poor girl, whose bones were bleaching there, had written her last will and wishes, and the brief recital of Ijow it was that she lay there dying. The Yankee declared he could remember almost the exact words, but gave ine the sense in his own translation. " I have climbed up here to sketch," the dead girl said. " A storm has come. on. The lightning had struck the tower. The wall which made a sort of staircase for my ascent is broken down. I could not .get out. When I saw what had happened, I came back into the tower, and sat down close under the wall to seek shelter from the rain. A stone from the top of the wall fell on me, and struck me down. Then I must have .been insensible for some time. When I woke again it was dark. I was very cold and wet. I could not move for pain. I have been insensible again. When I opened my eyes again it was light. I have just strength to write this. I think I am going to die. God and the Holy Mary have pity on me.. Adieu! my father and my mother. Adieu! monsieur— (here there was no' name). The very unhappy A. N." . '• .'...'• Below this was written again, " I suffer much, night is coming again. A." Near the bones were lying the tin box in which Mademoiselle Niboyet's colours had been packed,—her watch, Bome trinkets, and a few coins. On closer examination, it was discovered that the left thigh-bone of the skeleton was broken. Did this illustrate Adelaide's being struck down by the falling stone? Or had it been fractured since death. Probably, the Yankee sur raised, the former. His theory was that Mademoiselle Niboyet had gone to meet her lover on the wooded hills; that finding he did not come, she had wandered on to Teufelfels,—perhaps allured by the manifest beauty of the view to be seen thence— perhaps piqued at the Englishman's unpunctuality. She had mounted the steps made by the ruined walls, probably with little difficulty, aud had set herself to work at her sketch. The storm had come on. The tower was struck soon after its commencement. She saw her hope of return cut off. While endeavouring to get cover from the rain, she had been dangerously hurt by a falling stone. If she had criea, no one had been near to hear. She lay, probably unable to crawl up to the opening in the wall, knowing that now that the stones by which she ascended were thrown down, no one would dream of seeking for her in a place almost inaccessible to two strong qien." S) she died. What agonies she had endured would never be revealed in detail. But it might fairly be hoped that the injury and exposure she had sustained had 60 far accelerated her dissolution as to spare her the worst pangs of famine. The two travellers returned pensive and awed, to make the necessary communications to the authorities ofDummereselstein. The Englishman started on the very night of the discovery for Coblentz, and the Yankee had never seen him since. " And that," said my friend, " is the Legend of Teufelfels, and if you know any sadder or stranger in your poetry-books or guide books, I'm whipped,—and that's what no citizen of the great United States of America ever was or ever will be, if he can help it. Good night, stranger!" I mused in the night-watches over the wild story of the hapless Adelaide. 1 «ould not drive her from my thoughts, but she was under the cold wall dying in the wet, and the wind, and the anguish. I pictured to myself the slow grief of the poor old parents, and hoped that no unhappy consequences resulted to the Englishman and his bride. I rose early in the moruing, bent on a visit to the Schloss von Teufelfels, intending to visit the ruin, and breakfast at Schwachkopfheim, I surmounted the crag 011 which the tower stands, and was amply repaid for my trouble by the glorious view. It is even better from this point, than from the river. But, after all, it was not the view that I had come to see. It was the scene of poor Adelaide Niboyet's death. A thrill of romantic interest shot through me as I turned to inspect the hallowed stones. The tower is round, aud about forty fceV high ; but so mud', is, evident from below. I looke'i air the aperture through which Adelaide and her discoverers had entered the building. Strange to say, no such opening was visible. But some years had elapsed since the finding of the bones, and time had no doubt wrought more changes upon the crumbling edifice. The breakfast at Schwachkopfheim was the perfection of a breakfast. The milk the richest—the butter the freshest—the bread the whitest—the strawberries the sweetest —the Sehwachkopfhiemcr the rarest! It was late in the afternoon when I walked into the Hotel de l'Europe at Dummereselstein. ' Where,' said I, ' is the gentleman who was with me last evening ?' ' The English gentleman, sir ?' 4 Yes,' I said. (There was no use in explaining that all who talked English are not English). ' The gentleman who has been hero so .often before.' ' Been here so often before ?' ' Yes.' ' If inein herr means the English gentleman who was sitting iu the balcony last night, he left this morning by the ten o'clock boat. But he has never been hero before.' ' Never been here before ?' ' Never, rnein herr—not in my time; and I've been here—boy and waiter—for eighteen years.' •H' m -—Indeed. The gentleman was telling me the strange legend of Teufelfels.' ' Ah ! yes—about the ghost of the monk who was murdered by the baron ?' 'Not at all,—about the young French lady who was lost.' ' The young French lady who was lost ?' ' Yes. Don't you know the story ?— Mademoiselle Niboyet's.' ' No, mien herr; never heard a word of it.' ' Ah' You will keep my place at the table d'hote.' ' Number 37 ?' ' Number 37.' It was strange that there should bo no opening in the walls of Teufelfels towerstrange that a waiter who had lived in Dummereselstein eighteen years should never have heard of Adelaide Niboyet, and never have seen ray Yankee friend before. One thing at least was clear enough. He was a Yankee. 