T01VJV TALK AND TABLE CUAT, The next Mlting of the Recorder's Court is to be held on Monday, the 19th ii)t-[[u;t. The following prisoners ave in ^aol for trial : — Jo-cpli Meyer*, househrenking ; Michael Morris, larceny ; Edward Smil!), brealiiiie and entering the oflicc of Messrs Dtlcham & Co., and stealing money and other articles therefrom ; John Stavcim, stoitling harness, the properly of Mr Kirk by, and a counterpane, the properly of Mr 5\. K. Matthews, In Hildilion to (haw. tin re arc three uVfunilunls out on luil, viz , Alfred Fowler, for assaulting Mr I'i'osslt, Mioiifl's Office, in the execution of his duty; r.dward I.angley, pulling down anil re moving the materials ol a cottage; and licrimid Keilly, charged with indecent as sault. In addition lo these, thcie will be two cnscB from Wcrtlinry,— one ol assault atid robbery, and die other lurceny. Lines by Nemik-is — Some vile dog ?»LY«r?eAJ^rit&a; ttie'1 coTmims ot' a contemporary. Unredeemed by the smallest scintilla of poetry or wit, they exhibit that kind of grovelling malignity widcli takes pleasure in wallowing in the filth of human nature. They are the evidence of a foul imagination and a liase mind. The pure object to have their minds polluted with truths, so blackguard and dirty, even if they be true, lint on assertions coming from bucIi an informer no reliance cnu be placed— he is just as likely to speak f.ilsc as true. The horrible judgment pro nounced upon the state of ;i dead man is the natural consequence of that religious arrogance which distinguishes our con temporary. We know not wlietber it is more blasphemous or .stupid— IV,)- who can say when repentance may take place, though unknown to the conceited plia ri.iee. As might have been cxperted (lie filth has been, with questioiiiible tastp, thrown back, ami thi-se are sjiatlemd who had deserve it. Far better to he the man attacked than tbe writer. The former, even if in years past such as described, may not be tu now ; while tbe latter would quarrel with the unclean sow for the possession of filth, and eat tlie gar bage loathed by every one else. Proli pudor ! tbat the eyes of chaste lnalrons and innocent girls should be so offended hy their morning paper. Pah ! let us get rid of i,-. Our contemporary is fond ol' quoting Scripture, only however, when it seems to suit him. Oifco in a way bis ir reverent example may be followed. ' It is a shame to speak of those things '— Eph v. 1%—Lniineaston Times, 3 une 2 Mr. A J. Gibb, who is about to visit London in furtherance of the great finan cial project which he has so Ions h:td in view, was entertained at a farewell dinner cm Friday evening, in tlie London Tavern, by bis friends of tlie Kosecrnix, anc Knights Templar. Mr. V. T. (Jell, tbe Very Linincnt Provincial Grand Com inutider of tlic Knights Tomplar, pre sided, and tbe vice- chair was taken by Mr. H. W. Lowrie, the Deputy Provin cial Grand Commander The health and success of the guest of tho even ing woro duly proposed aud responded to Mr. Gibbs depart* by the ship Trans athiiitic, which Bails in a few days — Argus of Monday. [Mr, Uibbs is' a brotlieMnrlaw of Mr. D.W.L. Murray, M.H.A., of this town 1 La.kge orders for copies of the ' Mirror' have been received at this ofilco Also, many communications of tbe most humorous character. The Editor will bo glad of information from every source although be baa plenty for tbe first few numbers. Further contributions will therefore be thank fully received The win f,.r the llobart Town elec tion was issued yesterday. Next Satur day, tbe loth, is to be tbe day of nomina tion, and Thursday, tbo 15tb, polling day. iio 'I'm: Theathe Royal will be re- opened on Monday evening for tbe short season, which Lady Don and her brilliant com pany intend to remain here. Lady Don lias just -.losed a most successful season at liobavt Town, where ncomjJeto round of novelties have been produced, eliciting universal approval.. Lust night Iho perfor mances for Lady Don's benefit were under the patronage of His Excellency Colonel Gore Browne, Mra. Gore Browne and the Ministry, Lady Don and her taloutec company leave Hoburt Town to-day for L-iutiei'ston, and her Ladyship will ap pear on Monday evening as ' Josephine, the Child of the Raiment,' ruid as ' Or pheus' iu tbo classical burlesque of ' Or pheus and Euryidice,' or ' the young Kuiitleimm who clmrnted the rocks.' There will bo an entire change of per formance each evening during the short sUyof Lndy Don, iu order to produce as many of the principal pieces in her l.nHvrilim'nextRiisivereiierUiircnsnoiiSihlu. The 'Advertiser' of yesterday in its notice of the performances on Thursday evening says :— The marvellous Profes sor Pepper's ghost in the ' Castle .Spec tre,' was yesterday a. more successful performance, and the fall of the curtain elicited an encore, and on the rie.o of the curtain the appearance of the ghost was a complete triumph of art. TnK Tasinaman Urewery (Mr. French s) is again at work, and well supplied with a Ruperiur quality of ale. The numerous customers of the' lute Mr. French arc now giving the new brew a fair trial. Tni! express engine 'Tasmania' and train willbe exhibited at work, i\t2-Vc!oi'.k tii-doy, in tlicmilitarybarracUsquare The Tasnunia will be under the management of Mr. Barrett, Chief Engineer of the ' City of Launceston.' The Ice for ad mission is reduced to sixpence ; children and schools half- price A lecture will be dilivered hy Mr F. Adums, lit the Mechanics' Instituie, on Tuesday evening next. Subject — ' Ame rican Poetry' — Kilgiir Poo. ^§T We nve reques-ted to cftH attention to the pale of b cottage nnd ground in Upper St .John-street (late Liii:khinsfs), ly Mr V. J. Houshton, on Monday next, ut 12 o'clock, at the Launceston hotel. 