CONSECIATION OF ST JOIIN'S FREE- MASON'S LODGE, TARADALE. (FROM THE " M. A. MAIL" DEC. 24.) The above ceremony took place yesterday and excited much interest. At an early hour it was evident that some unusual business was going on from the number of notables that here and there might be seen in the township. As regards the ceremony of the consecration, we cannot, of course, say anything, it being one of the private acts of the fraternity. After the consecration which took place at noon in the Lodge room of the Order, the brethren, numbering upwards of fifty, formed into procession, the various officers carrying the in- signia of the craft. The Right Worshipful Pro- vincial Grand Master, J. T. Smith, was present; also Provincial Grand Secretary, Ellis, and other Grand Officers. Headed by the Kyneton Volunteer Band, they proceeded to Trinity Church, where divine service was performed. The prayers were read by the Rev. Incumbent H. C. Watson, after which the Revs. Hants, Wyatt, P.M., Chaplain to the Lodge, delivered an eloquent address suitable for the oc- casion. After a few preliminary observations, he remarked that from the earliest ages the rite of con- secration had been observed. Jacob, for instance, after his dream of the mystic ladder, consecrated an alter to God, and called the place Bethel. Again, he said, after the children of Israel had come out of Egypt, God signified his pleasure to dwell with man, and a tabernacle was built to receive the divine guest ; and the consecration of the gorgeous temple which Solomon built, and of which God was the architect, was a glorious sight. When the people saw the fire descend from heaven, they know that God was with them. But he was equally present now to those who live according to his law, for they were the temples of the Holy Ghost. If Paul in- cluded the whole body of believers as an habitation of God, in which he dwelt by the spirit, the question then was, had they a place in that spiritual building. Solomion dedicated the temple by prayer. The temples of the Holy Ghost must be free of any hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness, not the less should they have their hearts swept and garnished. In the temple at morning and evening incense and prayer were offered up, and the lamp burnt per- petually before the altar. Did they as masons do the same? Were they bound with charity and love? Were they preparing to enter the Lodge above, whose maker and builder is God? The Lodge they had met to inaugurate, had chosen St. John's day for its consecration. St. John was the disciple whom Jesus loved, but yet on two occasions he had to suf- fer our Lord's rebuke; once on expressing with James a swish to sit the one on the right hand, and the other on the left of Christ, when he came in his glory, and again when calling for fire to destroy the Samaritans. In the craft there was no highs or low, no rich or poor, virtue alone gave precedence. The rev. gentleman then referred to the change wrought in the mind of St. John, as evidenced in his epistles, which lh said breathed the spirit of love, and set it up its the standard by which the brethren were to be known. He also referred to the labors of St. John, who, after enduring the most excruciating turtures, and seeing the mysterious revelations which he wrote, gave up his spirit to his divine master. He concluded by calling upon them to imitate his selt-denying virtues und labors. The benediction was then pronounced, and the congregation, which had complctely filled the church, dispersed, the members or the craft returning in the same order of procession. 