THE ALLEGED MURDER CASE. VIOLENT DEATH OF HENRY KINDER. HENRY LOUIS BERTRAND, 25, dentist, lately carrying on business in Sydney, and Jane Bertrand (21), his wife, were on Wednesday, the 29th ultimo, brought before the Water Police Magistrate and Mr. G. R. Elliott, J.P., on a charge that they did at St. Leonards, in the district of Sydney, on or about the 2nd October last, feloniously, wilfully, and with malice aforethought, kill and murder Henry Kinder. Maria Helen Kinder (apparently about thirty years of age), the wife of deceased, was at the same time charged with being an accessory to the murder. Mr. Butler appeared as counsel for the Crown ; Mr. W. Roberts was for Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand and Mr R. W., Robberds (of the firm of Gum and Robberds), with Mr. P. Macpberson, for Mrs. Kinder. Detective Elliott apprehended Jane Bertrand on the 28th ultimo at ber residence in Wynyard- Square ; she was con- veyed to the female watchhouse, where he read to her the warrant by virtue of which she was arrested, and to the charge therein contained she made so answer; he received from her a gold watch, chain, locket, and two rings, and a portemonnaie containing £6 18s. 6d. ; in the portemannaie there were two cards bearing the name of Kinder. Henry Wager, resident clerk in the Detective Depart- ment, proved the arrest of Maria Helen Kinder, at Bathurst, on Monday, tho 25th ultimo; she was, by warrant under the hand of the Police Magistrate, re- manded to Sydney; witness escorted her from Bathurst; she made no answer to the charge. Henry Louis Bertrand, who had been removed under writ of habeas corpus from Darlinghurst gaol, (where he war undergoing a sentence - in default of sureties to keep the peace — for using threatening language to a Mrs. Robertson,) was, on the morning: of the 29th, arrested at the Darlinghurst police station, by detective Elliott, on the present charge. When the warrant was read to him, he said "It's rather a heavy charge." Elliott asked "Am I to take that as your answer to the charge?" Ber- trand rejoined, "Am I on my trial now?" Elliott said, "No, I am only stating to you the charge." Bertrand added, "My reply to it is — Not guilty.'" Prisoners were remanded until Monday, December 4th. Mr. Butler, in opening the case for the Crown, referred to the nature of the evidence intended to be adduced, in order that their Worships might understand the relation of its parts, and judge of their effect as the evidence was in course of hearing. The principal evidence as to Bertrand and his wife would be admissions made by them, taken in connection with other testimony: and, as far as Mrs. Kinder was concerned, it would be for their Worships to take into account the circumstances tending to prove the probability of her being connected with the alleged crime; if the other two prisoners were to be committed on these admissions it would be a question for their Worships to consider whether the circumstances did not also involve her committal. Indeed, the state of circumstances he should lay before the Court would, he believed, render it morally impossible to commit the other prisoners without com- mitting Mrs. Kinder. The motive for the crime would be found in the writings both of Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder, as there would be sufficient to satisfy their Worships that even during the lifetime of the husband alleged to have been murdered, there was a personal intimacy and perhaps an illicit intercourse between Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder; at all events such an intimacy as could not exist without furnishing a clue to the imputed crime. On the occasion when Bertrand prosecuted a man named Jackson for send- ing him a threatening letter, what he said in reference to that showed that there was the strangest possible intimacy ; and on the same occasion Mrs. Bertrand, under cross- examination, being asked if her husband was not jealous of her, said "Yes, but he never had any occasion." It would be proved that he had only too much occasion, and that this was a falsehood upon oath. After the death of Kinder, and when Mrs. Kinder had gone to reside at Bathurst, what was called a journal or diary was kept by Bertrand, it being an understanding between them that he should jot down his thoughts, feelings, and the events of the day for her perusal when they should meet again. From entries in this diary it would be clearly seen that it was his intention to procure a divorce from his present wife, and to marry Mrs Kinder; the very first entry was in a most impassioned strain. He talked of her as his wife, and of "sweeping away, as with a scimitar, his enemies" or those who should "step between her love and him." "Think kindly of me— of my great failings," it proceeded— "see what I have done for thee— for my, for our love; — think of that, and doubt me if you can." In reference to the pro- secution of Jackson, and his commital to prison for sending a threatening letter, there was an entry to this effect : — "It pleased me — I am satisfied— thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present— are you sorry ? Came home. The first thing Jane did was to tell me that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jack- son, you, while I was in Court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so? — if so, you will be his ruin, for I have not done with him yet Why will you enrage me? I called on Cooper, at the City bank." It might be necessary to explain tbat grounds would be found for imputing to Jack- son an intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and that Bertrand, having an affection for the woman, became jealous of this man on account of his antecedent relations with Mrs. Kinder whilst they were living in New Zealand. In another entry he said, "I am now by my own agonies pay- ing a debt to retributive justice; how or what I have made others suffer, God only knows; but if I have I richly I deserve all I feel, and you my love, have you not done the same." What related to was a matter of inference : taken in connexion with other facts and circumstances that would be offered in evidence. In reference to the intention of getting a divorce, he said!, 'Dream of the future, for do we both look forward to repent our sins and make peace with our God ; I am sure He will help us to be good if we try with all our heart and strength," &c.; Then he said, "Thinking of the time when we shall meet to part only in death — when will that time arrive ? It ap- proaches slowly, but with slow steps; but it will come, believe me, as surely as you believe thore is a God— I have said it." He said further, "what would life be without thee, or even the hope of possessing thee." In another passage this occurred : — "I look back at the past, and I am almost astonished at what I have dared and successfully executed. Can you, after that, say you have not faith in me— that I am changed, and that I could care for others beside thee?" Then, in reference to her future conduct, he advised her to be good, as it was not too late to pray to God with a true repentant heart, adding, "I dare not yet lift up my voice to Him— I feel I dare not yet ask his forgiveness— my dear wife, pray for thy husband." The following would be incredible, except on the supposition that Mrs. Bertrand was perfectly cognisant of his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder : — "I speak a great deal of my affairs to my dear sister, she loves me, and is much concerned about our future ; she is favourable to our divorce, and this, under the circumstances, is the most kind thing I can do for Jane and for all concerned.' Again he said, "What is our love if the mere calamity of casual affairs upsets us thus — I should be ashamed of my love, of what 1 have done for it, if I knew not different from that — that is our only excuse on earth or in heaven for what we have accomplished." Then with reference to the supposition of antecedent inti- macy, he said; "Do you, my Helen, ever dream that we are locked in each other's arms onoe more ?' In another part he said, in reference to a person named Bellhouse having to stop at his house. "After that, Mrs. Robertson was taken very ill and is sleeping with my sister, Jane is obliged to sleep with mo; it feels so strange as I have not slept with her for a long time— it seems like sleeping with some one else's wife.' Writing in reference to ub worldly prospects, he said, ' My heart gets sick and faint when I look into the future, God, is this thy retribu tion for my sins ? Did I flatter myself that God would let a wretch like me go unpunished P But I tell thee, fate, I defy thee.' Speaking of the object of the diary, he wrote, 'This diary is for thee, my Helen/' Then he had a memorandum in which he informed the father of Mrs. Kinder of this feeling he had about his daughter, and it seemed incredible that his sister and her father should, without any expression of dissent, be aware of this attach* ment, There was, however, it appeared, disapprobation on the mother's part. In another entry, he spoke of being in a boat in the harbour, standing on tho deck his '* face turned to wards the little house with two chimneys, and thinking of the time when on the wings of love ho flew to the arms of my beloved, oh my heart sinks when I recall those happy meetings now gono by.' [Thin referred to the timo when Mrs. hinder was living with her hwband.] 44 When none were by to interrupt us. Those were happy moments alloyed with bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I was ; how could I bear to know that Helen, my love bolonged to someone who had a legal right to do and Bay anything he liked with her. It drove me raving mad ana I am what I am. I looked around me and saw the people coming and going as they used to do, and racked by my thoughts, surely there can be no worse hell than our own conscience.' Adverting to the time when Mr. Kinder was living he spoke of a Mr. Defines, saying ' Defines, when I was out with him, spoke about an affair, and said he knew more of it than I imagined ; that he had watched us, and that he thoughtit his duty to speak to me on the subject.' In another entry he said -'The more they oppose us, the more will be nay power of resistance. Poor tooIb, to try and thwart my will— I who value human life so little, ana value weapons to be used when required, nnd then thrown away or aestroyed, eome of course being kept for future use, if necessary.11 There were a groat many statements in this diary connected with his desire for Mrs, Kinder to return to Sydney, and it intimated that Mr. Lajrard had been asked to get an notel in which to set uj- iu business, so that they might have an opportunity of being near each other. Then letters were found in his possession, and would be proved to be in the handwriting ofa Mrs.-Kinder, sent to him from Bathurat, By this diary it appeared that he was in the habit of corres ponding with her, but only one of his letters was found in her possession; and it would seem, that in the case of the first he wrote to her, part of it was intended for the inspection of her mother, the rest intended only for her own eye, the portion intended for the mother being separate but enclosed. She admitted the reoeipt of other letters, but said they were destroyed. Her correspondence with Bertrand would be produced, disclosing an attachment quite as ardent on her part as that entertained on his part towards her. This was one of the main faots corrobora tive of the admissions that would be given in evi dence. Fart of Ber trend's evidence at the inquest would be proved by this correspondence to be utterly false, When asked if Kinder was jealous of his wife, iBertrand said ' He was jealous of his wife with every person, be was a monomaniac en that point: she would answer when he abused her, but to my Knowledge for the last Mi zap&thf; X est oerfeia 2t£rt. Kinder never gave do* ccawd orcaaion fur the unkind manner ho showed towards lur.' Letters would be produced to show that (hid was absolutely falRe, Some of there letters begaa in October and rfltnc down to the 23rd of November, The statement given of what oocurrod when de:caeed was shot was, that when Ikrirsnd, Mrs. Bertrand, awd Mrs. Kinder were prwent, Mr. Kinder came into the room, having been drink inp, slid, having some timo before been talking about his eflBirp, got excited, fired a pistol at his bead nnd fell down. The curious fact coonocted with thib was tbat neither Mrs. Kinder nor Mrs. Bertrand gave information to the polioc on the matter. It was stated that Kinder died of tho injury which he then inflicted on him self. But subsequently Bertrand stated to bis own sister, who had come up from Melbourne (referred to in the diaiy as the person for whom ho had a great affection, and who bad a girat affection for him), that the modo of Kinder's death was nut as mentioned in the newspapers or at the iuquett— that be (Bertrand) had shot him, and that as he ltopercd, end apbenred likely to get somewhat bettor, Mrs. Bertrand end Mrs. Kinder concurred in poisoning him, sud thus put an end to his life. Something similar to this would bo deposed to by a young man who had been in Bcrlrend's employment, and whose statement, if uncorro borated, would certainly bo most incredible. This assistant would prove that Bertrand admitted substantially the Bame thing to him ; that he (tie assistant) was for weeks before privy to a design to commit tho alleged murder, and to repeated attempts to murder Kinder; that he sont his . abbibtant to buy pistols, Bertrand accompanying him in woman's attire ; and it would be proved that with one of these pistols Kinder came by his death. A person who, being cognvant of rmch a proceeding, did not denounce it to the authorities would soaroely be admitted as a very credible witness, and his statement would seem improbable if not confirmed by other testimony* It would be proved that Bertrand, with the aid of his assistant, prooured a Bbccp's head, and in his own house fired at it for practice with the pistols that he had obtained.. As to Mrs. Ber trand it would be shown that she when asked abont the circumstance by a person whose evidence would be forth coming. said something to the effect that Kinder was shot —that Kinder showed Bertrand a card and some letters, snd that Bertrand then shot him, placing the pistol as if it had been fired from Kinder's hand, and putting a pipe in his mouth. Mrs. Bertrand also spoke of Kinder getting better, and of poisoning him. She said she did it being afraid of her life being taken by her husband. Mrs. Kinder was present, and if her husband was shot and poisoned nho must havo been privy to it. On one occasion a card was produced and shown to the. wife, and when atrked if she remembered it she cried out to the husband. 'Don't, don't,' and got quite affected by the produotion. He admitted that this was the card put isto Kinder' s band at the time he was^ Bhot. On another occasion he threatened in Mrs. Kinder's presence to discJoso that he had committed the murder, and she said, 4- Don't, don't,' in an apparent state of alarm. -? Don't do anything of the kind,' If that occurred it showed a bygone complicity in what took place, but there would be circumstances and corresj-ondenee that would render it impossible for them to be guilty without her being privy to the crime. Mr. ItojjEKTfl inquired of the counsel for the Crown whether he intended to proceed on all the informations at once, and applied to the Bench that they should be taken soperately. Mr. MAcrHEBSON made a similar application for a severance of the charges, Mr. Butler eaid there was no ground for the applica tion. There was no necessity for any informations, the prisoners being brought before the Court under warrant the evidence could be proceeded with without information. The charge of murder would include the wh»le investigation applying to sccessories, as well as to principals. The evidence for the Crown was then proceeded with. Dctoctivo Richard Elliott produced a packet of letters which, on tho 24th of last month whilst Bertrand was in Darlinghurst gaol, he found in a secretary in prisoner's ' house, Wynyard-square. One of them, at the time not open, was opened by Mrs, Bertrand after 'his arrest. One ol the letters bore the name of Mrs. Kinder; the others appeared to be without signature, but they appeared to be in the same handwriting as that bearing the name of Mrs. Kinder. He produced another packet of letters found in the same secretary at Bertrana's house. They seemed to contain poetry, and did not appear to be in the same handwriting as those in the package first produced. He produced a diary found at the same time in one of the drawers in Bertrand's bedroom ; this drawer was not : locked when found. He also produced a small bottle labelled tincture of belladonna, a largO phial containing i a white powder, and two pieces of dry substances which were now folded up end soaled. The assistant (Alfred Burne) on the same day handed to witness a phial labelled . 41 Chloride of Zinc.' The secretary was net locked.^ Be also produced a pistol, powder flask, and a box containing caps, all which he found in the same secretary. The tomahawk he produced be received from the assistant the same day. He also produced a diary, which was found in a drawer in Bertrand's bedroom by the assistant, and handed to inspector Read in witness's presence. He also produced a screw which was found in the secretary, which could be used for the nipple of a pistol or for the barrel. He also produced a bottle ne had received from the clerk of inspector Head. It had the word - 'poison' written on what appeared to be the; label of Wilkinson, chemist Hunter-street. He also pro- ; duced two other books whicn he received from the assistant ' on the 30th November ; one oi them bore the name of '- Henry L. Bertrand,' and the handwriting appeared to . be the same as that in the book previously produced. Cross-examined by Mr* Boberts : Mrs. Bertrand was in the house when these things were found in the drawers, but was not present ; Burne had possession of the keys and unlocked the drawers for ub *, we looked upon him as the person managing the business in the absence of his em ployer ; the chest of drawers was in Bertrand's bedroom up etaire, the secretary was in the surgery on the ground-floor ; I believe that Mrs. Bertrand offered to unlock her drawers that were locked ; I believe the occupation of Bertrand to be that of a dentist. By Mr, Macpberson : I was acting under the instructions of Inspector Read. By Mr. RobberdB : Mrs. Kinder was not present at this time. Henry Wager re-called: I arrested Mrs. Kinder in Bathurat, and the place where she was staying I understood to be her mother's ; I said to her I have here a number of your letters addressed to Mr, Bertrand, at Wynyard-square, and I will thank you to let me have any letters you have received from Mr, Bertrand ; she replied, 1 have none of Mr. Bertrand's letters; I never kept them, I always burned them after I had read them ; I said it would then be my duty to search for them ; Mrs. Kinder said, very well, I am sure you will not any ; I then made a search and found a letter dated, 7, Wynyard-Bquare, Octo ber 28th, 1865, and signed, ' Louis Bertrand I understood Mrs. Kinder to say this was her desk ; I also found an envelope, addressed ' H. L. Bertrand, 7, Wynyard-Bquare;' it appeared to have been used and then broken open ; there was no post mark or stamp upon it ; I also found a note addressed to the manager of the City Bank, whieh purported to be an acknowledgment for the receipt of a draft for £20 ; I found the envelope, this note, and a small quantity of stationery in a small bag that Mrs. Kinder handed to mo ; the note is signed Maria Helen Kin- — the name not being completed ; I found in the bedroom another note, in an envelope addressed ' Henry Bertrand, Esq.,' and she told me it was iu the handwriting of Mr. Bertrand's Bister; I produoe a gun nipple wrench, and a box of pistol caps, which I found in a small box, con taining china and glass articles in the bedroom; Mrs. Kinder stated that those two articles were the pro perty of her father ; I then pointed to an open box in the bedroom, and asked her what that contained; (he replied it contains nothing but my children's clothing, and the pistol with which my husband shot himself; I searched the box and found the pistol which 1 now pro duce. (This was a common pistol with a trigger guard, the other pistol produced by Elliott having a secret trigger). The letters I referred to when I said I had a bundle of her letters, were seven or eight I had given to me by inspector Bead prior to my going to Bathurst ; those produced and marked aro the letters referred to ; she did not say they were or were not her letters. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : I do not recollect that Mrs. Kinder said how she became possessed of the pistol ; I have never had any conversation with Mrs. Bertrand. By Mr. Macpherson : I do not think she said she had asked Mr. Bertrand for this pistol after the inquest ; the search lasted about three-quarters of an honr, or, it may be, an hour ; one desk, which she eaid was her husband's,! broke open according to her wish. The letters were as follows : — Bathurst, 23rd Octobcr. My dear friend,— Tou will be pleased to bear that we reached our journey's end in safety last evening. 1 assure you I was soieorr}', for it was fhdeea a weary, weary time alter saying good-bye to you. We drove on and on all day long through dust and heat until we reached Hartley— fancy thirteen hours of it. 1 really thought the day would never end. To mend matters, the {)oor little children suffered dreadfully while we stopped at Hart cy, until 5 next morning. I was so tired 1 could not sleep. We again started, and drove on and on again until we rcaohed Bathurst, about 8 o'clock. I do not think I was ever so tired in my life ; the very thought of the last two days makes me sick ; I trust I may never again experience such utter prostration. Tou will wonder bow I like the place. As far as I have seen, I am not in raptures ; it appears dreadfully dull, but I must not judge hastily ; I thfaifc I shall like it well enough. Dear Mamma and Sarah were looking out anxiously for us. I do not think I ever be fore felt how much I have to be thankftil for in hating a quiet home and dear friends to wclcome me to. 'When we tfrc wearied out in mind and body, how kindness and love come home to us. I was much disappointed in not having a line from either Llewellyn st yourself this afternoon. I trust you will write very often, and tell us all about everything and everybody, and your self in particular. Mamma was in a great way about the tele* gram ; she could not make it out, Thank you very much for sending it so speedily. The sentence was much more severe than I expected. Please give my kind love to Jane, and kiss the dear children ; also kind regards to your Bister. I trust you aro all well at home. Tell Jane to be sure not to forget to send me her portrait as soon as possible. Mamma does not think yours a good one at all. Your sister also promised me hers ; I hope she will not forget. I have been telling mamma about her, and I ehould like mamma to see her likeness so very muck. I think her so nice-looking in every way. I am so tired to-night; I cannot write at any length. Tou must please excuse ell mistakes. I will write a longer letter the next time. I am going to church in the morning to have a look at the natives. Will you kindly give our best wished love to Llewellyn, and tell him he must not neglect us. Tou must make him write and tell us all the news. I must conclude now, or else 1 tihall be late for the post. They are quite well ; in kindest regards to yourself and all the family, and believe me ever to remain truly yours,— Ellen Kinder. Bathunt. 31st Ootober. Us Dearest Darling Love,— I have Just received your dear, kina, and most welcome letter. Oh, darling, if you oould but know how my heart was aehlng for a word of love from you. Dear! dear love, your kind loving words seemed to have filled a * void in my heart. 1 cannot convey lo you in words the intonsc comfort jour letter is to mc. It has infused new life into tny Ytins. J w&h; (ormrnting with aU sorts of naughty tbouclitf-. darling. Write very often— every day if you can— and 1 will be iietr to bhb* er. There it, no fear of our correspondence being seen, as 1 do not read ray letters out; the one to-day I did. aa it did not mutter, ar.d it was such a nice, good letter. 1 wished mamma to have a favourable opinion of you. Of course X mcun the one you intended her to see ; the other is by far too precious for anyone but my own eyes or thoughts to dwell on. Oh, durlinp, you arc all 1 care for and comfort you. Do bear up, my own love, and lioj-e for better days. I tell you this * ben my own Wart is sinking with fears for the future, Lovey, I»vey, if we could but see each ether occasionally it would be Fomc eomfort ; but that weary waiting waiting is terrible. Do you know- 1 scchi to be able to liear it less and less with patience ; the- hours and dare drag on ; ray only comfort is at the end of a day, and to tiunlc of your words. Every day bringi the end nearer, aod yctltowdowc know what the end may be., You may not be able to accomplish your purpose on' account of the expenac— even It will be granted you ; but I must not give way to thoughts of this kind, or I shall both unnerve myself and you ; but 6urely surely things will turn out right some way or other. I am truly grieved to hear about your difficulties, dear one, I fear you w ill be hard puthed ; you have such an expensive household ; you must be as careful as possible on our account. Mamma feels vcrymuch your being buhhesed with Llewellyn, but my parents arc in such a ]-osUipn at present they have no choicc but to accept your kind * . AJid indeed, dear, there seems little or no procpcct that I can sec here for the future. 1 would try and get a situation in aome house in Sydney; here there is no tucb thing to be had, Howevtr, we most hope for the best. I tuppose you must not be ashamed of our poor home when you come up, darling ; but I know that will make no difference to you. If 1 lived in a shanty it would be all the same, woulditnot ! fcow, about your coming up, dear darling ; how I should like to fcc your dear face, and to hare a long, long talk with you about affairs in general, But, my own love, I fear ifyou^ere to come just now you would ? not find it pay you. Everything is so dull, and what 1 fear more is that people towhom you owe money would be down on you directly, thiwi-tng you were going to run away. Dear darling, all this advice gsea sadly against the dic tates of my ow n heart, for my spirit is fairly dying for you. A glimpse of you, oh ! dearest, dearest, what would I not give to be taken to your heart, if only for a moment, 1 think it would con tent me. It is no use, dear. Your love is food— nourishment to mc. ) cannot do without it. 1 tried to advise for the best, but I cannot, I cry out in very bitterness. IX I can only be near you— onlf nee you at a distance once again, I think I could bear myself. I belie ve, darling, if onr separation, is for long I shall go out of my mind . I cannot live without seeing you sometimes* but if we livid anywhere near 6ydney we could have this occasionally which would have kept us up ; so all this long time of waitiil g here 1 might as well be at tne end of the world. If you can manage to do so without risk, darling, come up at Christmas.- I mufct try and live at least—must until your own judgment tells you we can meet without injury to yourself. How is Jane ?— what is the matter. It is of no use to sayl am grieved at her being laid up ; that would be a mere farce between you and I. May 1 then not make a prclcnce. As for her assertions with regard to Mr. Jackson, I shall not them ; for if I am to be taken lo task about all she may choose to say about me 1 shall have enough to do. I am not aware that she is so very particular with regard to her statements generally as to think it worth while giving second thoughts as to what sbe may say about mc. I know ber, asd you ought by this time. If you allow every thing she may say to influence you against me, I have done, but darling I am yours, I leave my conduct to be judged by you as you think fit: there let the matter rest. It ougnt never to have been broached. Oh dear 'Lovey,' I feel heartily you know whenever you approach me, though some may fay I get angry at anything you may say yourself. I am always ready and willing to listen to you. my dear one, for being acltled. You will be glad to hear that the bank have sent mc £20 ; it will be a little assistance. I intend keeping it, if possible ; it is handy in case of wishing to get away from here at any time. Mamma wish.es very much we could have got i^to any sort of a business near Sydney, very much. When you come up you will be better able to judge of affairs. *( Papa ' talks of going to New Zealand, almost directly, for he is very unsettled, and what he bad better do, there is nothing to be done here; he quite expects me to make a good match one of these days. I tell him 1 would not give him thanks for the best man living, if I could only make my own living. Bess is quite well, and Polly has not been vwy well and is very cross ; I hope her temper will improve as it ia rather trying. I think the weather is much hotter here than in Sydney. Xell Llewellyn he must be sure to write very often, and, dear love, will you send us tbe paper every day ; you know the poet leaves 8ydney at 4 p.m., and it reaches here the ? following afternoon at 3, so we can almost hear daily. What a long, long letter I have written. I do not seem to have much left. 1 wrote to Mr. Taterson last evening. 1 trust your dear children.are well, also your 6istcr and family ; give her my kindest regai ds. Do .not let any one see my letters or diary, as they are for your eye alone, and oh, dear, one of ail things do , not neglect writing, it is the only comfort I have daring our eeparauon. Tell me all about yourself— your goings, ssymge, and doings. I really must finish now. My own love, better, fondest love, em yours. Good bye, lovey, pleasant dreams— JCjxlv. I kcs6 you every night, and P. dear one before sleeping, and cry God to bless you and let me dream of you. 1 cry, oh, oh, off my heart, and to ache with longing to sec you. 1 told you in my past letters the sort of place this is. I don't see the least likelihood of ever making a living out of the business; everything is dreadfully dull, it is a horrid place, I dislike it infinitely ; 1 wou d not name this if I could sec any prospect. I - do so wish we ceuld have found something to do nearer, if not in Sydney somewhere not so utterly isolated as this is. I feel my ? position very much, 06 1 know bow little able we are to afford the extra expense we must be at If there was anything I could do to make it up there 1 should not mind, but there is absolutely nothing. What goods we have are very little, and the few we have there is no sale for. I do not know how thing6 arc to go on if it were not for the children. Buthurst, November 5th. My own Dearest Love, — I received your two dear kind letters, enclosed with one for Sarah, yesterday. I thank you again and again, darling, for them. I thank you still more for your kind consideration of my dear father, it is too bad of me to worry you with my troubles when you are too straitened with your own ; but no, I will not say so, as I knew you prefer me to consult you on all things. I have a strong faith, dear one, in your judgment, that I feel 1 can do nothing without your approval, and then again 1 have been so accustomed lately to look to you for advice and direction in all my worries, incapable to act inde pendently of you. 1 have too much to say to you. I scarcely know where to begin. I think I will begin about myself and doings, likes and dislikes. I have not been very well the last day or so. I have been suffering from my old pain in my side ; also facadachc, particularly to-day. I fancy it is working harder than usual that brings it on. Hester is getting better, and easy to nurse. Bhc seems easier to nurse when I am by. All the rest, J am happy to say, are pretty welL Poor papa is not very well, for he ie unsettled. I think 1 shall begin to tell you what occurs each day, then you will know, which is not much, with regard to my eye. 1 have not been out more than two or three tunes during the week of an evening, to post my letters, and twice to church last evening, smd twice to-day. This is the result of my stay in Bathurst I do not care bow little l see or the place or people, for the -whole set of it is a bad and disgusting place, darling, you have no idea. I have had seme people call on me. 1 have been introduced to one or two gentlemen, and a young fellow studying for the law appears rather a mean fellow. They tell me his family are con sidered some of the great folks here; he is rather tall, and talks like a book ; but tbe people here, on the whole, appear perfect snobs. The less I sec of them the better. I shall be pleasant. So not be angry with me, and think me very discontented. Bear one, there is one thing to be said in my present frame of mind. If they were angels they would not be likely to please me. It is wonderful with what different ideas we look at the same thing one time and another, * ' is it not.' Our own kindred feelings are the rule by which we judge everything. When they are out of tunc, all things jar. To end up this account ot to-day, lovey, I will tell you. I am in the nursery all the afternoon, the children are both asleep near me, as I write, and all the rest are gone to church. I intend going to post this when they come home. I will now, decreet one, turn to affaire in general, mine in particular. I am most grateful, dear one, for your thought for me. I have been considering your advice, and have arrived at a sort of con clusion ; but to mature matters, dearest, I think I had better explain exactly how we are situated. Oh! darling, darling, if I could only but see the old surgery there, and leaning my head against yours, as I have so often done, and tell you aU and every thing ; what a comfort it would be to me ; but no, that can never be, perhaps never again. You tell me to have faith, and so I will dear, dear one, if you tell me to ; but it is very difficult. I am not penitent, I fear. Fatiencc, you know, is not a virtue that 1 au gifted with ; and, after aU darling, 1 do not think you would see of mc more. I could be constant to you for years perhaps, with only the hoped-for change— that is not me, love. I love you, you know full well, and Z do not think you would like it to be 6uch ; at least, if you would, one's feelings are to be studied. But, dear one, 1 have wandered from my subject, I need better done wjth that first. Dr. H., however, you must know that we are under a rent of five and twenty shillings & week for thie shop, which must be paid monthly. Tbe only dependence we have to meet this claim, and living expenses, arc the profits arifdng from the sale of ef goods in the shop. There are about £200 or £300 worth, but of course they have been obtained on credit of four and six months' tails, I believe. These bills, of course, will have to be met, or partly so, as they fall due. If there was any sale for goods we might do( but up to the present it has not half paid tbe rent, and we must live besides. The only other dependency mamma has is about fifty a year which she gets from a little property in New Zealand. So you see all things considered, it would be much better for me, do you not think so, to leave here ; mamma would take care of the children for me, and if I got ever such a little it would be a help, and there would be one less in family to keep. I intend to get into a busi ness house here, even if I do not get much. I shall be learning a business which may be useful to me. My dressmaking and millinery, thvugh it would suit myself, would not suit other people ; 60 you see, dear love, after you have considered the case, 1 think you will agTee with mc in thinking my plan a good one. J do sot wish, ia fact, to be dependent. I fee! it will not do to depend on papa*s exertions. He may succeed in getting into a business, cither in Sydney or New Zealand, but I want to fed independent if we can, in case of failure. I forgot to tell you that mamma's little income goes principally to keep up the payment of papa's life policy, which it would be a great pity after so many years to allow to fall to the ground, it being the only pro vision for us all in case of anything ^happening to papa. Now, dearest one, I want you to be on the look- out for mc, about a situation in some house of business, in ease I fail in getting employment here. You must not be too particular, darling The more money you can get the better it' will be. Do you think there is any chance in your succeeding ? Oh, love, the thought that I might be a rather easier distance off you makes me wild with pleasure. Dear, dear one, I can place everything to your own judgment ; I know you will do everything for tbe best for me. I may not want to get into a plaee here ; I need not tell you what 1 should prefer; your own heart will tell you that. It will be better not to say anything to papa about it ; if be can, ho intends to get into business in Sydney— if possible an hotel— if possible, of course ; I should like that best, if it ceuld be managed ; but I much fear the want of means will prevent him. If he does not succeed in that venture, he will go to New Zealand by the mail on the 15th. We were almost decided to take an hotel here, and continue the other business, but on second thought I do not care much for it, as I do not think it would answer, besides, I hate the place ; it would tie us too much, for anything that is done would have to be done in my name. I should not mind it in a respectable house in Sydney, but this is suoh a bad place. This is, oh, dreadfully matter ef fact, dear, dear love, but it is necea Baiy. Therefore I know you will not mind it. Do, dear love, write as soon as you can, and tell me what you think. You see how we are situated. If papa goes away we have nothing but our own exertions to depend upon. On, dear, dear love, what can you mean about mamma's secret. I know of none. Do, do tell mc. I bare tortured myself dreadful since your letter camc. Darling, that must be some mistake: what secret can she have. Oh, my love, have pity and tell me. She has said nothing further about our letters ; but I do not think she likes our writing much. Oh, darling, you preach patience, but how can I be patient. I cannot be. I won't be. I have no fear about your getting on, lovey. It is the uncertainty of our meeting is to me terrible. I have every faith in you aa farias you are concerned.; but others, tbat Is the thing, I am always well when I get a letter to strengthen me. You are right in saying I want you. Try to help me, oh, dear, dear life, now. I look forward for you. My heart fairly jumps at the thought. I must finish now, love, in a hurry, as I hear mamma coming. God bless you. Goodnight, darling love, and plenty kisses from your own darling Child. Bathurst, November 9th. My own dearest,— I received your dear kind letters this afternoon. Oh, darling, why have you not written before this week ; I have been so wearying to bear from you : I thought you had forgotten mc, or that something dreadful he d happened. But I must not be too exacting, must 1 dearest love, and yon have bo many claims on your time ; it is very, very good of you to think of and write to me as you do; but, lovey, make excuses, nnd forgive me for complaining. Tou can have no idea, in the midst of agreeable society and pleasant surround ings, what the disappointment is tome when I am denied the one a and only pleasure of my life— the getting a letter from you, dear 1 one. It is five long days since I last beard from you. I thank you very much for your kind and loving words, Ibey always strengthen mc. I am so thankful you have becu doing a little businctb again: it only wants aatart; you will get on nicely now,) uubt. l am sorry to say matters do not stall improve with us. I have beta tiying to get in several of ^ the houses of business hrrr, but find there ia no opening; they are all shortening their hands, tbe times are so bad. i have alw- tried for a governess* situation; it is partly vacant, as the lady has cone to Hydncy who has been holding it, and it is uncertain whether she will return. 1 am to know more about it on Monday* If 3 get ever so little it will be a help. Poor dear pa^a is, I trust, safe in Sydney by this time. Poor old mun,l never wwhim so low spiritcdbcforcleavingus; hchas never been f-o pt.or before in his life, and left us so uncertainly provided for. I do bope and pray be may succeed. Oh ! Louis, dariing, I do not know how to thank you sufficiently for your great kind ness to my brother. I do not snow what he should do were it not Tor your kindness in giving him shelter just now. You will fed w ilfing in your own mind without words from me how grateful wc arc to you. I have no news to tell you about myself except that my whole thoughts are given to you* Oh! I do feel so very desolate and have such a craving to sec you at times, and then, again, I bow my head ia utter humiliation of spirits when 1 think of my utter unworthincss; and to bring a blight on ail that 1 love and care for mc. ©hi 111 could only be a true Christian, but iny thoughts and desires are so terribly wicked. 2 am mytclf tc-mficd at them. God forgive me and strengthen mc in tbe right way, and tcach mc to bear with patitnee whatever the future may have in store lor roc. My sister-in-law and brother have written very kindly to mc, asking mc my plans. . I intend writing by return mall, and telling tbim how 1 am situated. 1 do not expect any thing from them. I am glad you have been enjoying yuurseu, dailing; I picture you all to myself very often. Poor Mrs. Robeitson, 1 omsony she is so delicate; sbe has not answered my letter yet. 1 am getting so subdued by trouble, that I do not fed so severely as 1 did, 1 think, or 1 should fed It unkind her not writing, -but 1 puppoee she has no time. The clergyman of the paribh and his wife were here to see me ; he is a very young man, curate. 1 bavc been lo church this erecing ; 1 heard him preach; I liked him much, his words camc home to me. I have not been out before, since 1 last wrote to you. lam happy to say the three dear little children arc well ; I am also tetter myself to-day— it ( is peace of mind I want. Nelly is getting 6uch a plump little thing, f-he will soon walk, I think. Give our kindest love to dear Llewellyn and papa ; tell Lewellyn mamma likes him to write in the way that it amuses us. Also, please to give our kind regards to Jane and your sister, at least mine — mama docs not know her —and kiss* ytur dear children for mc. 1 think, dear one, J would rather you should bring your diary with you, as I should like to read it together, it would be such a pleasure, I do not know how I shall feel when I sec your dear face again. The thought tells my breast beating and my blood gurgling in my veins. Do, darling, not fail to write B£ oitcn as vou can. Sparcme a little moment. I must not forget to thank you for year kindness in seeing about my business. It would perhaps be better not to go to Sydney exactly, but some where on tbe line. 1 should like tm get into a first-rate establish ment for a few weeks to learn dressmaking, as a really good one would do very very well here. In that case, then, there is no placc like Sydney ; but, darling, I leave myself entirely In your Lands— feeling, love, you will do everything forme best. I am not at all certain of obtaining whBt I want here, so you will con tinue to look out for mc. Dearest, will you not? Jam, 1 fear, a great sore to you. 1 must now conclude, or 1 shall be too late for the pott-office. Good bye, dear, dear, precious love. God for ever bless you and preserve you from harm, and preserve your dear children. My own darling, what a treat it is to mc to get your dear letters. Tbe one enclosed in Llewellyn's letter I thought was bearing the best of news- news tbat has distressed rr-e. Your loving words are the only comfort I have around me surrounding darkness. Indeed, dearest one, every thing looks very dull indeed ; but with regard to your affairs and oui*. 1 do trust, dear lovey, your business may improve ; it will he dreadful if it aocs not. I am venr glad to hear that your Hbter, dearest, has some prospect before her. I think you were most M-nsiblc in your advice to her, for everyone appears to be in a bad state, and not much likelihood of improvement, so that a certainty, be it ever so little, is not to be despised. Matters berc are nearly aa bad as it ia possible to be. 1 really do not know w bat we arc to do; there is no sale for anything ; wc do not tukc five shillings a day, and yesterday and to- day we have not taken sixpence—a nice prospect, is it not? My own dear love, you said you would advise mc ; 1 do sadly want it ; I do not : tee that there is anything for mc to do. You tbink of my trying for a situation in some establishment here or elsewhere. The thildrtn are my great ties; were it cot for them I think 1 might do something. If I could get £40 a year even, I could even then tiikc mamma and give her all 1 could. It would not cost much for mv c'othes. You see I could not leave mine to her without compenFation. Darling, do not think mc a bother to you, but which shall Z do. No you tbink mine would be even a chance if bv obtaining a situation of any sort under consideration,* 1 should feel more independent! 1 knew how it would be. Mama has already commented on my getting letters from you, and says the injury 1 am doing you and Jane by encouraging your iovc. She also advises me to be careful what we write, a6 she says there arc many reports with regard to us in Sydney, and that the dctectives have power, and might use it if they thought to find anything out by opening our letters. I was not aware they bad that power ; it is only in case of there being anything suspicious with regard to people. But to comc back to the subject. Dear one, 1 do not ask advice so much with re gard to ourselvCH, but mine is real necessity lor something to be done. Mama gave mc a regular lecture to-day. I knew she would sec through ue, and as good as told me she would not countcnancc anything wrong. 1, darling, know what I shall have to bear. 1 told mama plain out 1 cared for you and you for me ; 1 also said Lshould not think of marrying. All this makes me more anvious to be to a certain extent independent of them, if I could in any way manage it ; but, independently of that, they cannot keep themselves, much more me and the two children. I am telling you really how matters stand. Dear one, as far as anything in the shape of love and affectionate welcome goes, to the last crust they have I can depend; but 1 would rather be a common servant than a dependent on them under the circumstances. I do think of trying to get into one of the shops here, but will do nothing until hearing from you. Oh. Jove, love, consider for mc, and advise me ; 1 know I should have great opposition to my living tbcre first, but 1 should not mind, that would force off. Fancy, mama said she would rather Llewellyn wa6 begging in the streets than that it should be only on my account you kept him, but still she is kind in her actions, 1 know she feels very grateful to you, — at the same time she is right-minded, and looks at things as tney are in tbe eyes of the world ; you must not be angry with her for my sake love ; she is a mother, and advises as 6he thinks for tbe best. I fear, dear dear love, you have every reason to complain of this letter not being loving, but, my own dear dear love, I have only you to depend on for advice ; with regard to my own heart's feelings there is no one else in this wide world to which I can talk as to you. Love, love, you ask me to say 1 love you, dear darling, it is home in sorrow and trouble, therefore all the stronger my heart and mind aches with the strength of my love, as it is one almost without hope,— love you, oh yes, better than anything in this wide wide world,— not only love but respect, I look up to you as through nature, do not ask if I love you, you must feel it in the bpttom of your heart how I do love you, and I shall continue to love you always. Oh, dear, darling, it is a week this evening since 1 left, what as age, it keeps three hundred and sixty days, love. Sweet love, papa and mama arc gone to church so I got this chance of writing. I shall enclosc it in Lewellyn's letter ; I also enclose Annie's character, will you be kind enough to read it to her, and also put her surname, as 1 do not know it. Oh, deary, 1 must finish now, trust you will be in belter spirits, and that vou will clear up all my difficulties in your next. Dear, dear love, good bye. Bathurst, November 11th. My own dearest one, — Oh is it, can it be true, yes, that there is a possibility of our being ever in the same city ? Oh, dear dear love, the thought is too great a happiness, even am I not dream ing, but darling, is there even a remote chance of such a thing coming to pass ? You cannot imagine my feelings when I read your dear deer letters, what thought and trouble you do take, dearest, on my account. I can never repay you sufficiently. Yes, words are weak to all that I feel, and yet, I cannot help saying, again end again, how grateful 1 am to you, for all your care and anxietvonmy account. Now, to comc to business, dear love do you think there is a likelihood of papa being able to take a house and stock it, you know he has no money. I think your plan on excellent one, if itis practicable. Papa and Ispokeaboutitbefore his leaving. Ithinkwe6boulddowell. 1 told him the very last thing to try ana manage to get into something of the kind, aa I never can make up my mind to live in this place, so far away from aU I love. You know he had serious thoughts of takfhg an hotel here, but I set my face against it, it would tie us to the place ; but oh, dar ling, to be near you I could live on dry bread and water, anything in the world but separation— let hardship and adversity come, I can bear anything if I can only sec your dear face, if only at a distance, sometimes. Only let me be able to obtain a living for the children and myself, though ever so poor a one, it ia all 1 ask bo long a6 1 can be near you, love. I told you in my last about the situation 1 was inquiring about. J am to hear more about it on Monday. Even if I take it I shall not bind myself in case of anything turning up. How I do trust everything may turn out as we wish, but I fear it is too good to be reality ; but I have faith in your good luck, li Loo,' and such dependence on your judgment, darling, that I seem to fancy nothing can go wrong if youwish otherwise. I am rather sorry you told papa the exact state with regard to ourselves. Dear, you know he is changeable, and I don't want mama to have any idea just yet. I am sure nothing would delight him more himself, he is so fond of you ; but you know he ia easily led. I shall be glad if you can manage this business somehow. As far as being jealous goes, you have no business to speak of such a thing, you ought to know mc by this time. I have told you I am com pletely altered, my future life is laid out as a map before me — nothing will change it ; good fortune or ill, I intend to do my duty to the best of my ability wherever I may be. As far as my heart goes it has found its rest; not all the world will alter me in tboughtor deed. I am glad to hear that your brother-in-law is getting on. Xhope your sister will like her new house; give hermy kindest regards, t tbink had she known me under more favourable circumstances ebe would have liked mc ; but that cannot be helped, the good or iU. opinion of others after all does not alter one for better or worse — docs it, Deary ? I am what I am. I trurt dear you will write again very soon, as 2 ahall be anxious to know bow things arc going. Mamma, I think, would very soon be brought over, as we are not making our salt in the bnainess, I am going to write to New Zealand to-morrow. Mr. Cooper srnt me a very kind little note with the letters which I answered. I must now concludc, dear love, trusting you will have good news for me next time you write ; and oh, darling, fancy fancy, each other to be always near each other. Dear love, l shall die with pleasure if it comes about. Good bye, and good ! night, dear, dear, kind love. God for ever bless you. £ver , yours, most affectionately. Bathurst, November 14th. Wy own dearest Love, —Ireccived your kiud and loving letter of Monday. I thank you very much tor it, darling; but how am I to answer it T I have nothing cheering to say. With regard to our coming to Sydney to live, I sounded mamma about it ; but, os die eay6 very truly, it would be a great risk removing. 8he would like, of all things, to be in Sydney if she could see her way clear before her. What she thinks Is, that the goods, of wLich we have very few, by the time they were taken down again, their value would be so decreased, that we should scarcely be able to make enough out of them to pay the carriage. She also says, that house-rent would be so high and competition so great, that she does not see how it could pay us to remove. Another thing, we could not leave here without giving a month's notice. It is a soit of place tbat you cannot stir without all the world knowing your doings. So you see, love, that if I could even persuade her, which t do not think I could do if I were to try, if things failed afterwards, I should get all the blame. Do sot, pray ear I do not want to be nearfyou, dear, dear one, you know so very different What I want you to do is to get mc some employment in or near Sydney. Mamma, when I was telling her this afternoon that I could not and would not make up my mind to remain here, said it was a pity I came up ; but she says she will take charge of the children, that they 6hall be no hindrance to me if I wish to leave home. 8o, darling dear one, if you want me to be near you, it is our only chance you getting me something. I havo made up my mind not to try further at present in Bathurst. Mamma did not get a letter from papa ; you know how undecided be always is. As we are situated here at present, we can live for some months at all events ; but what mamma thinks ia, that we run great risk of not being able to even do that if we go to the expense of moving, unless we see our way clcarly to make a living in Sydney. I was much dis appointed about the hotel affair, for mamma would have gone into one without a murmur. However, it cannot be helped, can it dear one^ How black everything looks, lovey, does it not 1 Our good fortune seems to be deserting us. Tou say you heard a great deal lately. I do not wish to be uncharitable, but it ap pears to me there can be only one person to attribute talking to, considering you appear to spend the greater part of your time in their society,! am perhaps unjust, but I should like to know of what I am accused, and who my accusers are. I will say no more. I leave it to your own heart to judge me, and to your own dlsorction to tell me what you mean. I do not choose to be maligned by anyone without cause, cither to gain their own cods or for any other purpose. It is surprising how delicatc people grow now-B-days. Louis, I am in a rage with that interesting little friend of yours. She ia double dealing, you may find her out yet, I bad better not say any more, fori find my temper is getting the bqttcr of mc. Dear, dear love, bow I do long to sec you. You would soon put mc all right— do try and get me something near you. I shall always be tormenting my iiclf with all sorts of jealous fears \ if I um away be sure and write ine ogam soon, lovey, what you think I must say. Goodbyeroost dear precious one with endless love. f Forgive me for jou know my disposition too well to be angry with me, par ticularly as it arises from caring too much for you. Good sight, and goodbye. God bless you. Bvcr yours,— E. K. Give my kindest love to LIcwcllln and papa, and ask papa to wi ite his plans. Also tell him a young man from Wcekc's were here to- day, and suid tbat if the affair was not settled Mr. Weeke would take proceedings immediately. Give my kind re gards to your sister und Jane, and kiss your dear cuildrcn for me ! Tell Llcwc llin mamma was much pleased with Us journal, ar.d hoprs be wiU continue it. Wc ore all well. I have bc-n suffering the last day or two with violent headache, butl feel better to-day. Bathurst, November ISth. My own drar Louis,— I received your dear, kind little note about an hour f-wec. 1 bare very jittic time to answer it, but 1 must till jou, lovey, it has put new life into me, the hope that you may be successful in your endeavour to get something for me to do that will bring me near ytur dear self. Oh, darling love, I do longfor that to comc about. 1 do not core bow hard I may have to work, or how much anxiety I may have if lean only be where 1 frliall be able to have a cheering stnilc from your dear. Dear love, do help me in it, it is absence from you that hurts mcso. Ob, I know I could bear anything but dishonour, and love, that I could bear, if it were only myself that was the sufferer ; this, dear one, I know you will understand. My feelings for my parents and young sister, beside*, I know-, love, for your own and iny sake you would always shield me, you dear, dear generous one. . How can I repay you for all thoughts for my happiness, for 1 know well you feel that it is my happiness to be near your ; but darling, not lor my sake must you involve yourself in difficulties dear; dear, that must not be; I must have patience, and be content to wait and hope, if that is the only means of sparing ycu, for you must not worry yourself so much on my account, darling, I am not worth the labour you take about me. I had a letter from papa. He writes for us to comc down, at last. He says he thinks it would be best, but mamma thinks differently. 1 told vou the reasons in my lost letter, also, what I want you to do forme in case all does fail. I have quite made up my mind not toliy for anything, here until you give me no more hope. This I trust you will succeed in, some way or the other, in fact, I am sure you w ill if you make up your mind to. liow I do hate this place, too. Hate I bate t hate it ! There, it does me good to even y- rite my mind freely. I do not like to say too much lo poor mamma, for *fce does her best to make mc happy, and really is striving bard to make a living. I know I worry her often, for my disgust will break out sometimes, in spite of myself. It is very ungralcful of mc, I know, for what should I do had I not such a kind home to come to, poor as it is, and my loving relatives to welcome me. Oh, I fear, dear one, I am very wretched. 1 know it is being away from you. If you were only here, and I could be even in the same town, I should be all right. Don't think me a little goose, but I do long to think of the time when I shall see your dear face ; veiy, very often tbat is what makes mc want to come to Sydney, or somewhere near, or else I would make up my mind to stay here and be content, for if it werenot for you all places would be alike to you. Oh, I do hope you will succeed, darling. X pray you may, for I quite expect It. l'apa goes to New Zealand, the best tbing will be our leaving to be off there. I quite expect to find myself in Canterbury ouc of these days, and fancy dear dear, lovey lovey, all those miles apart. Oh, bow would wc bear it 1 But we must hope onr good fortune will favour us in this. 1 cannot say no more, dearest love, as I bavc no time, J have to be very busy to-night making s jacket for some pirl or other. You must remember 1 am a seamstress, now, not a lady with my time at my own disposal. So good-bye, my own dear one. He 6urc to write as soon as possible, and let me know tbe result. Adieu. God bless you, love. Ever your own, affectionately.— 3 bare enclosed a few lines for papa. Dear Louis please give them to him. Ever yours. ? - November 21st. Oh darling Louis,— Your letter has quite bewildered me. Oh, lover, w hat shall I say and what shall . I do. Tou must not be un^ry. But I do not quite understand about this business. Tou say something about papa's going to New Zealand. If I am going lo .Sydney to go into the house, he must not go ; he must stay iu some capacity or other, as it would never do for me to enter into it without his countenance, darling. Darling, both yours and my reputation would be gone at once, yon sec. If he could stay I will comeat once. Ob, dear darling, he must stay, or 1 cannot come. I am too young, in reality, after all the talk there has been about me. Dear, dear, love, for myself I would risk all ; but supposing it should not answer. My having lived a6 it were, in, and keeping your house, without either of my parents to comc to see me ; it would preclude all chance of my gcttingmy living in any other way. Llewellio is no use in that respect; as my friends are here, he would cry out directly, and we neither of us are rich enough exactly to run counter to its prejudice, Mamma would not, at least could not comc just now— in fact, I would rather she did not until we could sec our way clear. I am talking reason now, lovey ; but ob, do, do get papa to stay, if only for a time, just to see how things will go ; so that I may come, only do so at once ; I will be with you if you do so, goody; I will fly direct, and only be too glad, as it is just what I 6hould like to have, plenty to do. Deary, you must, you will, see that I could not comc to the above; the only liability papa nas immediately is for a bill about £70 to meet; you 6ce if he could not arrange that week 1 would tell mamma of it at once, as he grows impatient ; if that could only be managed there is nothing to prevent papa stopping here at least three months, and by that time I should | have got settled, or some other arrangement might be made; besides, darling, I knowing nothing really about the business, I could not get on without papa; mamma would go on with her ; business here indepeniently of me. Oh. I do hope you will get him to stay ; you can if you only make up your mind to ; I ! Lave told mamma about it ; sbe says if papa is as&ed; for it might answer best; sbe much doubts my being able to manage such a thing, but tbe idea of my going alone is, I fear, altogether wrong. I feel it myself, too, dear; in fact, my dear, yeu must, if papa does not remain, get mc a situation. You see, drary, in an hotel is such a public affair, that my position would be r.oticcablc directly ; end deary you know.that must have a little consideration. ' I should not like to be in public, and I know you would not like for mc to be a disgrace to everyone connected with mc. You see, if my parents had not been in the colony that would be something different, but as it is, I have no voice for enteringinto such a thing without their countenance. I will write a few lines to papa, which I will enclose, and you can give it to him.— that is as you like, lovey, as far as Llewellin is con cerned— if I can, I should prefer kis not. And now, dariing, with re gard to yourself. What can I say to thank you for your care and anxiety for me ; are you not, dear one, running great risks about these promissoiy notes. Oh, *do dear one, be careful cot to in volve yourself in difficulty. This, perhaps, is good advice, but consider the cost, love; but no, I will not despair, things will turn all for the brat I am sure, only patience, patience, that is the natural cry ; do not forget what I have said about the situation, lovey. If you fail— but you will not fail if you choose otherwise. You must write by return of post, dear love, as 1 shall be tor mented till 1 hear Jit-m my heart's throbs. When I think I shall be with you in less than a week, but I think it will be nothing like a week before I see you, if all goes right. Telegram to me, love, that will be best, it will so relieve my anxiety ; I could then answer, and tell you when to meet me at Penrith. Oh, this meeting, love; oh, I shall go mad; itis too delicious to dream of; oh, let it be in reality, darling, do, do. From you my feel ings will burst out, but 6U*1 dear one, I trust you will do what is best for us both in the end, I would say — [remainder illegible.] Mary Agnes Robinson deposed : I am a married woman ; I bad a letter from Mrs. Kinder from Bathurst ; I have spoken to her about it ; the eight letters produced are in the handwriting of Mrs. Kinder, and that enclosed seemed to be her handwriting, although she usually did not write £0 large. Alfred Bu-ne deposed : I was assistant to the prisoner Bertrand, at Wypy axd -square, where he carried on business as a dentist. The books produced, marked ' C. J. K.' respectively, are in his handwriting, as is also that marked A. George M'Kay deposed : I am deposition clerk to the Coroner of this cityt and took down tbe depositions at an inquest held on the body of Henry Kinder at the North Shore, St. Leonards ; the first deposition I saw signed by Mrs. Kinder, the next was signed by Mr. Bertrand; Mrs. Bertrand was not examined. Mr. Butler tendered these depositions as evidence in the case. Mr. Macpherson objected to their reception as nmiring evidence against his client from the statements of others. The depositions of Mrs. Kinder and Mr. Bertrand put in and read. The diary was then 'put in and a copy of it read. It was as follows : — Sydney, October 20th, 1865. Thursday. Lonely I Lonely! Lonely! Sbe is gone— I am alone. Omy God, did I ever think or dream of such agony. I am bound to appear calm ; so much the worse. I do so hale all mankind. 1 feel as if every kindly feeling has gone with her. Ellen, dearest Ellen, I thank, I dare to thank, God for the happiness of our last few moments. Surely He could not forsake us, and yet favour U6 as he has done. Tears 6tream from my eyes ; they relieve the burning anguish of my breaking heart. Oh, how shall I outlive twelve long months f Child, I love thee passionately — aye, madly. 1 knew not how much until thou wcrt gone. And yet I am calm. 'Tis as the dead silence that preludes the tempest. What fierce passions are contendingin my breast! Love, jealousy, , revenge, bate, and unappcased rage \ Cau l ever be good! 1 will try, 1 sioce my love wishes it. Deareet child, what would I not do for you, my wife in heart, soul, and spirit ! Angel of love, star that bath illumined my dark existence, I am grateful, ever grateful, I for the intense happiness you have caused me. Oh, darling | love, give me by thy future life faith, new, sterling faith in thee. Thou art all I possess both in this life and in the next. Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within me. Be ware how you trifle with my love. I am no base slave to be played with or cast off as a toy. I am terrible in my vengeance ; terrible, for I call on tbe powers of hell to aid their master in his dire vengeance. God ! what am 1 saying. Do not fear me, darling love; I would not harm thee— not thy dear self, but only sweep away as with a scimitar my enemies or those who step between tby love and me. Think kindly of me— of my great failings. See what 1 have done for thee, for my, for our love. Think of tbe.t and then doubt me if you can. Oh{ Ellen, I swear that since the creation of the universe no woman was ever loved as thou art. Dear love, are you not proud of that ; and I feel that 1 am loved equally well. I am so ill, Ellen ; I want a smile from those dear cyes'to give me hope, renewed energy. My life I seems ebbing away. I want to live now, since thou art the prize to be won. I have thee I know, bnt I crave my own darling to I call thee wife before God and loan. Will that ever be t If I thought not I would not Uve. No I what is life without thee. 1 One burning kiss, love. Adieu. Will you think 'of our last parting ; you did not leave mc or I yoUf we left cach other of our own free will that we should sooner meet again. How strange it seemed you going one way and I another, and yet I seemed to carry you back with me, tby darling spirit ie ever by me. Courage dearest courage, and all will yet be well. The journey will fatigue you greatly, and I not there to help thee my love ; that happiness will fall to tbe lot of some one who knows not the extreme pleasure he is robbing me of. Dear one I pray that you may not bcill. That my love will strengthen instead of enervating you my own child. I feel I love you as mother, sister, brother, husband, all, aU combined. What work I have before me God only knows, but I will call His love to help me, and 6trive to do right. I feel I shall ; thy dear devoted love will save me. I know it will, and wemayyct be ^ood and happy together. In the train I borrowed half tne Empire, which con tained this paragraph : — ' Francis Arthur Jackson, convicted of sending a threatening letter to Henry L. Bertrand with the intent to extort money, sen tenced to twelve months hard labour inParramatta gaol.' It pleased me. I am satisfied. Tbu6 once more perish my enemies; He is disposed of for the present ; are you sorry t Came home, the first thing that Jane did was to tell me, that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jackson, you, while 1 was in Court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so ? Jf so, you will be his ruin, for 1 have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me ! I called on Cooper, at the City Bank, and gave him your letter. The Board meets to-morrow, at 12 a.m» I trust to God that they will do something for you; afterwards telegraphed to you Jackson's sentence; am doing no business whatever: Alfred not here to-day ; obtained five copies of your darling likeness; kept two for myself; gave one to Jane, and one each to my sister and Mrs. Robertson; I had also three of mine at tbe same time. I have been very iU aU i to-day, and very aad; that ia not to be wondered at; howoould | t be otherwise ; I could eat no dinner ; had nothing whatever to eat since breakfast with your darling self until half-past 7 to-night, Great puis in my stomach ; I fear tbat I shall be HI ; ? Mrs. Bobertson was very- ill when they returned from the ? railway, and was obliged to go home dirccUy in a cab ? alone. My sister promised to go and tec her this a evening; nnd accordingly, Iiarriette, jane, and myself 1 went to see her at 8 o'clock ; we could not go sooner, I [ because of the children. 1 was taken veiy ill at her house, and ? 1 wa*- obliged lo take one of my powders. 1 gave heryour portrait; ? 1 (,be liked it very much. Mrs. uobcrtson gave mc twopearl shells I 4 to look nt, to see if they could be mounted into sugar-spoons, and 8 1 ? fu»fc«3 me if it would be very expensive to get them done, when 1 ? } told her that it would be. She asked mc to accept them, and that 8 3 she would try and get others from the Islands for herself. I do ? ! not know what to do, whether to acccpt them or not ; however, I 8 ! will consider what to do. It is now a few minutes to 2 o'clock, -B J high time to retire, particularly as I am very weary and tired. I ? - {ilaced one of your dear darling portraits this morning in your ? 1 ocket ; so I can y you, my love, about with me, and kiss your 8 ' dear eyes again and again. Love, dear dear Nelly, how do you .fl 1 bear, bear our separation. Oh, darling, you must be tired aod 9 - worn out. God bless and guard thee, Ellen. (One day nearer to ? thee.)— Lotiis. ? j Friday, 27th. 9 ? Am very unwell to-day; not busy. Oh, Ellen, I hope tbat I 8 1 ahull not be obliged lo keep my bed ; you know, love, what I-havc 8 1 to do; I suffer so very much, dearest, bodily pains, .8 1 and you not by to cheer me with a smile. I am in agony 8 j and yet I can write this and feel intense pleasure in so doing, i 8 ' am doing no business, earning no money, and yet I require so 8 ' much. By this you, my love, will have seen and embraced your 8 mamma. Will you, my love, in the kindness and affection of . a 8 1 mother and *i6ter, forget mc ! No, you can never, never, 8 1 forget, even without epcaking of love, my kindness, or what I 8 have done for you, for i havedonc a great deal. 1 have not been 8 able to eat any dinner to-day ; I cm afraid I shall die of lowness 8 1 of spirits, llow can 1 be gay !— nothing seems to possess any 8 intei est for me; no kind of amusement ; my chief happiness con- 8 sibt6 in looking at your dear face. Oh, dearest, what should I 8 do without you! Do you feel thus! I am now, by my own 8 agcmicf, paying a debt to retributive justice; how and what I 8 have made others Buffer, God only knows ; but if 1 have,! richly 8 deserve all I now feci ; and you, my lore, have not 8 you done the same ? 'Tis strange, our two na- 8 lures aie so much alike ; they 6ay that those 8 | whose characters resemble one another never agree; but it is not fl so, my love. 1 love a companion who can understand my senti- ? mints, respond to the very beating of my heart, help me to A think, to plan, and by clear judgment advise with mc on worldly B afluirs. A woman is not a toy. God did not create them for fl ? that, but as a help ; for, dearest, is not a good, loving wife a great .fl 1 boon ; her price is abevcrubies. Women are asmenmake them: 9 their natures are naturally soft and yielding, and easily moulded ? to any form. 1 have found, from experience, that half the ? trouble women give their husbands is caused by the husbands V thtmscives— sometimes directly, but mostly from some indirect S cause, that might have been avoided if the man had used even a 4 moderate care in the guidance of the being sacredly intrusted to ? his charge. It is man's prerogative, his duty, to advise,— and B 6ce that his advice ia acted upon— tbosehe loves, whether children B of women, and a lord of the creation deserves to lose his estate, ? and morally become a beggar if he is too idle, or worse B j too wicked, to guard innocence and virtue from the evils that B ! surround them. Dearest Ellen, I have been sometimes cruel, B very cruel apparently, but my own love, it was requisite : you, B j of course, could not see that you were spoilt— spoilt by a heart- B J Icks world— wb at, what did they care for your happiness, for your 9 ' future; all they did was to amuse themselves for the time 8 J being, and so they flattered and pampered you, and S 1 gave vou your own way, until you scorned and jB ' despised instead of respecting those who ought to have been a B guidance to you. It was thu6 I found you, and my own love ais- B ' covered at a* glance what was wanting; I, under the circum- B 1 stances of the case, consioercd it my duty, as I loved you, to do B a)) in my power to destroy the influence and evil accumulated by B years ol neglect. The task was not easy, as you know it was B painful to mc in the extreme, as every unkind word I gave B you cauccd mc more pain that it could possibly cause you, B my love. At 9 this evening Mrs. Bobertson called; she B brought John with her; she said she came in to seeMiss Wil- B lington. I being a little better, we had one game -of whist; t B and Jane w ere partners. I lost my temper, for a wonder, and B diFgustcd Hariiette and good Mrs. -Robertson exceedingly. 8he B only staid until 10 o'clock. . I am much better, and am sow B bound for bed. You, my love, arc, no doubt, after your arduous B juurac-y, fast asleep. Pleasant dreams to thee, my own dear love, B dream of the future, for in that do wc both look forward to re* B pent our sins and make peace with our God. I am 6ure He will B help us to be good, if we try with all our heart, with all our B etungth. Good bye, sweet Ellen. I kiss thy dear semblance. B Gcd guard thee. — Lous. B One more day stolen from fate* B .Saturday, 28th.— Slept late. A great deal better. Iiarriette B hi ought me my breakfast in bed. Jane was taken very IU with B great pain in her side. Harrictte is now putting turpentine to B ber side and stomach. 1 am .taking the opportunity of writing B my business letters. Was not very busy, but did a little. B V rote to you, my own darling, two letters, they occupied me all B the afternpon. 1 knew you would be anxious to hear from me, B and also that you would not be contented with a cold every -^day B letter, Euch as vou could 6how your mamma ; 60, my love, 1 sent B vou that half-sheet for your own dearcycs alone to peruse. Will B you be able to make it out ? I wrote so small, and crossed it so B much that I think, dearest, you will have some trouble at least to B read it, I know you will not mind that, as you know the reason B for my doing 60. Dear Ellen, I am alone now with thy spirit. B 'Tis 12 o'clock. Thou art perhaps asleep, or thinking of your B dear loving Louis— thinking of the time when we shall meet to B part only in death. When will that time arrive ! It approaches B surely, but with slow stepa— but it will come— believe me, it will B come, as you believe there is a God. 1 have said it. I forgot B Jane was better; so, about hall-oast 4, Harriette, Jane, and I B went out for a walk, sbewingher the new buildings in Xew Pitt- fl 6treet. I spent the evening in designing silver work. I am too B 01 to write any more to-night. Good-bye, darling. Pear love, B God love and keep thee. B Three days nearer to thee, dear Ellen.— Lens. V Sunday, 29th. — Last night I read in bed until past 2 o'clock, B woke late this morning, do not feel very well, I am afraid my B old illness will come, no matter how I strive to ward it off; I am B not happy, how can I be, I want affection, I cannot live without B it. Ob. dear Ellen, what would life be without thee, or even the B hope of possessing thee, that alone is food for the heart and B mind. My own dear love, I talk incessantly of thee, I speak of B tby gentle ways, of thy abilities, what thou canst do, what thy B favourite airs, all all tbat recalls thy dear name has a charm for B me. Iiarriette, my dear sister Harriette, is a comfort, for dear B girl, she knows 1 love to talk of thee, my own darling, and so B listens attentively to the enumeration of thy excellent qualities, B 1 forget at times she is a woman, for I am sure 6he must be B jealous of the immense love 1 bear thee ; she often says she wants B her husband to caress her. I awoke this morning when the B church bells were ringing, so of course was too late for church, B feeling rather tired, 1 did not dress or 6have. I fear, my dear B Nelly, that not having you to fascinate, I shall become quite B slovenly and untidy, for if I consulted my own feelings I should B not dress at all. I dare say also that I shall become ugly again, B for you know how ugly I was before I knew you. I may be so B now, only you do not see it, or rather pretend not to. Never B mind, my love, if I am good enough for you, you are my world. B That is all I desire; no, that ie not all, for I ambitious— very, B very ambitious. 2 want fame as well as wealth and power, and, B as usual, little Bertrand must have his way. You know he is a B spoilt child— spoilt in more waysthan one. So, aa I was saying, B 1 must have fame, fortune, and power, as well a? the most B ardent, pure, passionate, and devoted love of the most fascinating, B amiable, ana best of women that the world at present contains. fl Tberc,if this is not flattery, I don't know what is; butit is not fl —it is the truth ; at least, I tbink it is tbe truth to the best of fl my belief, as we say in court. Oh, I must not speak of courts ; fl wc have bad enough of them, at least for the present. But you fl know, dearest love, without my saying, what is the next court fl that I should like to extend to me its jurisdiction. I fl long for the time when I shall be able to commence to see about fl it; but patience, patience. Louis, restrain thyself— not too fast. fl I ehall excite myself unduly, dearest Nelly, if I continue this topic fl any longer : so, no matter how pleasant. I had better desist, par- fl ticularly as it is getting in to the small hour of the night, and I fl have to tell you how 1 spent the rest of the day. After breakfast I fl went in to tne workshop, having one or two little things to put to B I rights. When there 1 commenced to model in wax, and not fl having anything better to do I stayed there, designing a figure of a fl 1 native of Fiji, to form with the pearl shell given mc by Mrs. fl I Robertson. A pair of salt- cellars, which if I can cany out ac- fl I cording to my desire, I intend to send to the forthcoming Exhibi- fl 1 tion to be held in Melbourne next year. I also intend to finish fl the centre-piece that you saw— I mean the one with the palmtree. fl 1 1 will try and give you some idea of my design for the salt-cellars. fl ; There will be for one— a naked figure of a Fijian kneeling in a fl j graceful attitude holding the pearl 6hell, which is shaped like a fl ' flat basket, above his head, from which will droop bunches of sea- fl weed. The figure will rest on an appropriate stand emblematical fl ; of the seashore, and the spoon will consist of a paddle formed fl of -some other- kind af shell, small of course. I purpose fl j making the other exactly tbe same, only that the figure will be fl 1 that of a female of the same island. They both will be cast in fl solid silver, frosted, and will be about 3)6 inches high. They, 'fl with my other affair, will take up a good deal of my time, so I fl shall pass many, many hours alone, thinking of thee, my own fl ' darling love — for, dearest, it is for thee now that I toil— all that I fl do will be thine, and all praise I obtain will be that thou, my own fl love, shall delight in it. At 9 o'clock we went out for a quiet B walk, as I felt the want of it after working all day, and came fl home at 11; it is now, my darling, past 12, and I must to bed. fl You see, my love, nothing whatever passes but that I carefully fl narrate, as I promised thee. I am sure you would not believe fl what comfort it gives me to talk to you, my love, thus. I know fl you will see and read this ; and, besides, it is a mirror in which I fl see the reflection of my mindi, and it is thus of great use to me in » fl putting me on my guard as regards my conduct everyday. .1 fl know, my own dear darling love, every night before I lay me fl . down to altep, that my love for thee bums as clearly and as fl brightly as ever. _ Oh, I thank God, dear Ellen, that it is so for fl thy dear sake, for if I had ceased to love thee, what wouldst thou fl have done? I sincerely thank Him thatl not only love thee with- fl out ^n effort, but that it would be impossible for me to do other- fl wise. 1 have no control over myself on this point ; then, darling, fl think of me as I deserve, there has not been one second since thou 9 hast left but that my every thought has been of thee — thine image fl has filled my heart, and thy sweet dear name gently murmured in 9 my ear. Good bye, loved darling child, I burn to embrace thee, 9 Euen once again adieu. 9 Four day6 out of tbe 865.— Locis. 9 Monday, 30th. — Was wanted early, having chance of taking a 9 good order for £20 ; will know to-morrow. Did no other 9 business. About 10 o'clock received letter from my dear love ; 9 was very grieved that Ellen was so tired by the journey. I can- 9 not bear Bucb cold communications, they seem to me but a 9 mockery ; however, 1 must be content that I have any at all. I 9 kissed tny darling letter, my Ellen, it has soothed me greatly* 9 Dear love. I am almost despondent ; my sister's husband has -9 been offered an appointment in the Works1 Department in 9 . Melbourne, and I think will soon return tbcre, so we shall lose 9 her society sooner than we expected. I am sorry for that, but iX 9 cannot be helped. I am occupied all day in working and model- 9 ling my Fijian. I have him nearly ready for casting. In doing 9 this I neglected my own work, so I shall have to he up before 9 six to-morrow morning to finish a set that has to be finished by 9 three in the afternoon. Mrs. Morris called to-day about her , 9 and will have to come again Monday next, I am, as is usual, at 9 present much pushed for money, and do not know what to do to 9 obtain some. At 8 o'clock we went out to see Mrs. Robertson 9 and, as usual, bad to walk home, which tired us all very much. 9 Lewellyn wrote to Etlen, and I am going to write in his letter 9 before going to bed ; so, as it is half- past one, I shall conclude -9 this day's entry. Dearest, sweet one, 1 look on thy darling face . 9 and my heart feds as if it would break with love, intense love, 9 for thee, my Ellen ; that you are well and peaceful in my last 9 prayer to-night, dearest. Adieu, adieu, once again. Five days 9 passed away never to return.— Lot'is. ; 9 Tuesday, 31st.— Arose at G o'clock ; did not stay to dress ; went to B work at once; got my part finished before breakfast; at 9 went 9 out on some business; saw Cooper, and he gladdened my heart . -B by telling me that Mr. Ford had written to vpu, my darling, en- '9 closing £20. Ob ! my love, what a blessing I could hug the -9 directors with veiy joy. Iam sorry to say that I am not doing -9 any business at all. I have not taken a shilling as yet. I don't ,-9 i know really what I am to do ; it i6 dreadful, is it not, dearest T .9 but in all my trouble I think of thee, my own darling, think of 9 | thy dear sweet £aee, of tby boundless love, and surely that is 9 better than wealth. I know no^hat I want money, and money 9 . X must have. I have nothing, Vy love, but bad news to write, 9 and 3 do not like to write then, for it depresses my spirits. . I 9 have not thee to comfort me. Ob t EUen, how thou dvellest in ^9 my soul; night or day thou art constantly with mo; loved 9 dearest, what, what am 1 to do without thee ! I am so very 9 weary, my own darling. I seem to stifle in this place; it is no 9 longer what it used to be to me, but I live on in hope, glonous 9 hope in the future. Tou have many times doubtod 9 my love, have thought that I was like other men, deceitful; and, fl love, you have had occasion to doubt others or I could not blame fl thee, child. But as yean roll on thou wilt see, for there is a veil . fl before thine eyes— thou wilt see what steadfast, true, love I have fl for thee, my life ; when I have accomplished all I promised, then, fl and only then, you, my darling Ellen, will understc^ what I fl have done for toec, for our loves. I look bade &t; tta pv| A&d; an fl myself astonished at what I have dared, and successfully exe cuted, Can and will you Bay after that, that you hare not faith time; that I am changeable and could care for others betides ihee, darling. I do not doubt thee, dearest Ellen. I am not now 1 even jealous of thee, because I have faith, true faith, in thy holy, good love for me. Oh, my own one, my love, do try and be good, i *ery good to atone for thy post follies, for they were nought else. 1 I know thy heart, and if thou had'6t had mc for tby hupband bow I different my Ellen would have been. Cut it is not too late: no, I if vou pray God with a true repentant heart to help you, love, I 1 am cure He will. Ob, I dare not lift up my voico 1 yet. 1 feel that I dare not es yet ask His forgiveness, to, Ellen, my own dear wife, pray also for thy husband. Suppli cate our Saviour that he may soften my heart, and that he will suffer me approach the throne of grace. 1 6b all strive hard to bo a good men. I want to be good.for I feel that if I do not I shall become entirely enslaved to the Devil ;— that soon there would be so hope for me either now or hereafter. But enough of myself, 1 speak a great deal of my affairs to my dear sister. Sbe loves me very much, and is much concerned about my future happi ness. She is favourable to our divorce, and thinks that under the circumstances it is the most kind 1 can do for Jane, and in fact for all concerned. We speak constantly of you, my own love. Jane, as usual, goes to sleep, which gives as some time to « ourselves. I worked hard all day. but took no money. At hatf-paBt 6 we three Went out for a walk in the Domain. 1 6at a moment on the ?eat we cat on that night. Do you, my Ellen, ever think of those delightful times T When, when will they come again ! — perhaps never. Oh t my God, 1 trust so, or I should die. Sweet darling, sweet love, 1 kifs thy loved and loving name. My Ellen, my world, my God, adieu. Six days gone— how slow the time.— Lone. Wednesday, November 1st.— A nice time this to com mencc to vrite, hall-post one morning. Well, better late than'rever; and now all are gone to bed 1 feel free to breathe; I feci as if I were again a single man; but it is nothing new. since my love has gone 1 eeemeth delight-in staying up till 1 or 2 o'clock. I have not been to bed ence since Ellen left before half-past 1 or 2 ; it seems to me the only time when not harassed by business of any description,! can devote allmybeart and thoughts to thee. my loved one. Oh, darling, how shall we both drag through the weary time J When will it end T Vou see, my angel, I can do nothing active at present. My own love I have had hardly time to do anything to-day; 1 have been so very busy — plenty to do, and to occupy me. All promises, and yet nothing definite or tangible. I look at my book and see no orders entered ; all to come, perhaps. But now then, eh. my dearest Ellen, I wish to get on for thy dear sake. What, wnat, can 1 do without money? Nothing atoll. But to resume: As I wins saying I have a great chance of doing some business. I trust I may. At 6 o'clock, Harriette Jane and 1 went out for a walk, i. e.s that means shopping, which, of courtc, disgusted me, and put me in a bad temper, which, by tbe bye, has become of late my chronic state - we came bone, and while the children were being put to bed, I sat down and made out several accounts, and some business letters, in the - hope of being able to get in 60mc money. 1 trust I may succeed. We had tea about a quarter to 9, and while we were at the table Mrs, Robertson came alone, ; she did not intend to stop, hut Jane made ber take off her bonnet, and we sat down to a game of whist, Harriette being my partner. We lost. Lewellyn very kindly tried to get some ices, but did not succeed. He also went to the Flore Australienne, to set some tarts, as wc, as usual, bad nothing In the house, Atll she went. I accompanied her home, I went in, as she promised to lend mc a book on the Fijis, as I could not finish my figure without some guide, not having ever seen a native of those islands. She told me then that she had a letter from darling Ellen. 1 felt quite jealous. I envied her, and more so when 1 saw that it was a much longer letter than mine. 1 could not resist the impulse and when she had her back turned I kissed the letter. How weak 1 am even to admit this much, but 1 must write the truth. Oh, my love, do not forget your fond Louis, See, dearest, how he thinks constantly of thee ; how every moment of his life he ever has thee in hife heart. Thou, my Ellen, art enshrined there for ever. Mrs. Robertson fancied that I had seen your letter, or that I nod opened it before she had it. She asked mc how long was Harriette going to stay ia Sydney ; and when I told her not veiy long, she said that I ought to take her out more than I do, and let her see some places of amusement. She and the Befries's are going to the Prince of Wales Theatre on Friday, and she asked us to join them and make one party. So, as Harriette would like to see tbe theatre, 1 am going to take them. I can ill afford to do so, but my sister will think 1 am very niggardly if I do not let her try and enjoy herself a little while sbe can. Oh, my Ellen, dear love, you know and appreciate me as I deserve, and, darling girl, you know I am not mean. X had to walk home, and am very tired; so willnowleaveoff also forwantofmateiial, having nothing more to write. Good night, my own precious, darling love. Sweet dear, am I always in thy thoughts and next thy heart, as tho^art to mine. Adieu ! One week, love, since we parted— one long, weary week !— Lous. Thursday, 2nd.— Harriette awoke me this morning by placing a letter before my eyes. Dull as 1 am usually, I sprang np wide awake. I knew — 1 felt by instinct, even before 1 6a w the writing, tbat it was from my love. Oh t what a delicious half-hour I passed in bed ! Yes 1 the dear epistle was so long that it took me a whole half-hour to read it through. My loved darling, what a dear good girl she is to comfort me so greatly. Such sweet, kind words of hope and love. 'What— what could I do without her ? She is my life— the very air I breathe. I shall go out of my mind with excess of love. The letter was a compound of joy and sor row. Yes. My dear Ellen commences to feel how hard poverty is to bear— to feel how different it is to work for pleasure or for existence, but 1 believe it chastens us to go through trouble ; it takes from our hearts that false pride which is below the dignity of a noble mind to experience. 1 have my difficulties, and I feel them the more that I require so much. I have such a great deal to do. Courage, both of us. What is our love, if the mere calamities of casual affairs upset us thus. I should feel ashamed of my love, of what I have done for it, if it were no different from that of others ; that is our only excuse either on earth or Heaven for what we have accomplished. Oh ! my Ellen, my wife, dear wife, do try and be strong to fight our battle with me side by side, in spirit let us face as sturdy warriors the shock of warfare, of deadly strife against men or things that oppose . us ; let us not be cowed or terrified at aught that besets us. I warned you what to expect, and, dearest, for the greatness of cur love for oiie another, surely we can bear aye fifty times more than what we have to bear. As long as thou, my Ellen, art true, so long will I fight and gain the victory. 1 d* not fear the result, the end to me Is clear and palpable, I am sure of it ; I never failed yet in my life. Thus 1 feel better. 1 have been in such a good temper all day, I am sure my sister will bless Ellen, as she knows that my darling is tbe cause of my happiness. I am so pleased that I can write openly to my own kiYe. it will be such a source of comfort to me to do so, and to receive letters in return. How I do treasure them ; they are to me meat and drink. Oh. to know that her heart beats as warmly as mine does— that her love is as firm, strong, and much purer than my own, is in itself enough to turn my brain. My own pet, . and she longs to see me, the dear child. Poor Ellen ! I pity thee —patience — patience— my darling love, and all will soon be well with both of us. Oh, how my heart beats when the very idea of being in the same town, of being able to eee each other occasion ally, tbe very thought that tnat could be possible or likely quite took away my breath. Dear oae, how glad I am that you suffer as I do from our separation ; am I not cruel, dearest, and selfish, but I cannot help it ; my intense love makes me so. Lewellyn was much annoyed at having no letter ; I think Sarah might write to him ; I forgot to tell him to send the paper to Bathurst ; I am doing no business ; I did not 6ee a soul all day ; I was all day in the workshop, occupied in casting my figure. Alfred stayed to dinner and tea to help me ; and, after sill my work at half-past 11 at night, it is all spoilt 1 have to commence all over again. It is very vexing, as 1 set my heart on it. being right the first time. Calder came up to see me this afternoon ; I wentout with him for ten minutes, and had a glass of ale— the secoBd 1 have had since you, my Ellen, left. It is now past 12, and 1 am going to write to Ellen ; I must write her a very nice letter in return for her dear one this morning. Adieu, my love, my darling love, adieu. Eight days gone.— Lous. Friday, November 3rd.— Received a nice letter from my dear Ellen ; she complains of business being so very bad at Bathurst and sees so prospect of making a living. The dear girl almost asks me to look after some sort of a situation near or in Sydney. Oh I do hope and pray that 6he may come that wc may be near one another ; 'tis great happiness for me to know that my dar ling child feels the separation as much as I do ; I will try hard, very hard, to get something for her to do; I trust I may succeed. Oh, is it nothardthat, through me, my sweet Ellen is thus placed. 1 am 6ure I feel it more than she does, to see the woman I adore seeking a situation to work for her daily bread, is so very hard for me to bear. Oh why can I not share all, all 1 possess with her, take her to my heart and home. No ! the world would not allow such a breach of etiquette, so wc must, I suppose, abide by its decrees. Oh mankind, I hate ye ; I hate the vile hypocrisy that is inborn in man's very nature. J despise all, everything worldly except pure unadulterated love. This, oh(world, is thy only redeeming feature ; but for love, what should we be, worse far worse than the lowe&t; brutes in the scale of creation. I have done, it makes me sick when I think of these things. I am doing so business, one solitary hslf-a-rown this day ; but it rained hard all day so I could not expect people to come out in 6uch weather. I was at work all day and night at my Figian. 1 cast him this time in six pieces and five of them are sufficiently correct to make do, but 1 shall have to make a new body, that being the imperfect face ; it was twenty minutes to 2 before we left the workshop, so I am too fatigued to write. 1 wrote Ellen a long letter to-day, it seems to me the only comfort I have left, to receive and write letters to my darling love. Oh I do long to see her once again. Hy soul yearns for thee, oh, my loved dearest one. I shall pray God that we may be near each other ; ttut I may be able to counsel and advise thee my love, that I may watch over thee and guard thee from all ill. Ob. my sweet loving child, will that be possible. I hardly dare to realise the hope ever of such taking place, for fear tbat I shall raise in my heart expectations that may not come to pass. I have no news. Of course, we did not go tc the theatre, bb It was wet. I was so very glad, as I could ill afford a pound at such a time, to throw away on such amusements. Alfred sleeps on the sofa to-night, it u pouring with rain and rather cold. Adieu, my Ellen, dream my own love that wc are locked in each othere arms once more. God bless thee my love, good night. Tbe ninth day passed away.— Lol-is. Annie called, and I gave her Ellen's letter, which I read to her, and she cried poor gin. Saturday, 4th November.— Did no business to-day again, al though the day was fine ; occupicd myself all day in casting my diver work ; took longer, as Alfred goes early on Saturday I am happy to state, that after all my trouble with it, the figure is at tafit correct, and almost ready to be foldered together, although there' is an immensity of work to he gone through before it is fit to be seen. After tea agreed to go to fin. Robertson's, and while we were dressing to go, she came herself with John ; so,- as we were ready, we all went back with her to her home, and played cards until 12 o'clock. She very kindly gave me a pair of all the shells she possessed, as I am going to make a good collection of natural curiosities. She also gave Harriette a great number of shells and a native comb. I have one too. We came home at half-past 1, quite tired out. I feel that late hours begin to tell upon my constitution. Mrs. Robertson very kindly invited us to dinner to-morrow, and &s; we did not accept the invitation, sbe is coming to our house j early, and we are going at half-past 2 to Manly Bcach. Oh, my j Ellen, 1 feel so strange not having one of your dear letters to oem* I fort mc, so I console myself, before going to bed, by reading your | «6t letter, and looking on thy dear, dear face. 1 got Mrs. Robertson's portraits for her, as I was quite ssharned at her asking me for them eo often. Llewellyn vent to the theatre to-night as wc were going out. Good bye my loved one, my glorious darling Ellen, adieu. — Louis. Ten days gone. Sunday, 5th.— Slept as usual late. Jane is very good, and tries to make me a6 happy and comfortable as she can. I went into the workshop and tried to cut out the pieces of pearl from the shell Mrs. Robertson gave mc, but unfortunately it broke all to pieces, and is of course spoiled. I also worked at my Fijian. At about 1 o'clock went up to dress. Had to hurry. Dear Harriette made me such a nice stew of the breast of veal ; it was delioious, only we were so very late that I could not enjoy it as I might nave done. Mrs. Robertson did not come until about a quarter wter 2, so that by. the time Harriette and Jane were ready we *ere too late for that boat, but luckily there was another at 3 0 clock, so we went by that one. It was a beautiful day, cloudy Mid not too hot. I have not been down to Manly for a very long ?me, soit was quite a treat. Oh, my Ellen, my loved dearest, 'ft I thought of thee, how I longed for thee my own love; that, J5®t alone was wanting to make the day delightful. I do so feel the want of some one to love ; I mean for the one I love. I want to embrace her, to be able to pay attention to my love and be a very wave to her slightest will. We took Harriette, it beinghcr first J«p to Manly Beach, to the Fairy Bower we went, upon the verandah, then, which would have been very pleasant had it not nave been for the parcel of rude men and women; but we must ®*pect that on Sunday — it is the same all over the world. We 1 hack to the steamer through the bush and almost lost our gathered some wild flowers, and, after all our trouble ® fitting them, they threw them away* We returned to Sydney «t ball-pan 5, and it was nearly 7 when we got home. As there was nothing for tea I went to Myers's and got some preserved nm. i met on board the steamer Mr. Bellhouse, as old acquaint ance of mine before marriage; I asked him to come to tea to morrow and spend the evening with us. After tea Mrs. Robert son was taken very ill, so that she could not go home, and so is sleeping with my sister. Jane is obliged through that to sleep . with mc. It feels so strange, as I have not slept with her for a long timc.itferms like sleeping with somconcelsc's wife. Lewellyn spent the day with John at Mrs. Bobertscn's, and comc back alter tea, but both went home, as he is to sleep there to-nigbt. Oh, my Ellen—I know, ray love, you would be jealous, my own dear, and you have no reason to be so, as a love you fo very very fondly. It is now a quarter te 1, and I mustnow to bed, as I have to com mence to write to-morrow in earnest. I must decide upon some course of making money. This will never do. I am almost help less on this point. What am I to do ? Never mind— six days are sufficient to think or write of business matters, so for this day I have done. 2 shall awake, I trust, to receive a letter from my darling Ellen. 1 do hope and pray that there is one on the road for me. It is my only comfort. Good bye, my own darling, dearest love. God bless and preserve thee. I do hope and pray that things may look at Bathurst, for it troubles me. God knows how anxious I am about my dear, dear wtfe. Adieu.— Lot-is. Eleven days gone. Monday, 6th.— We got up early, on account of Mrs. Robertson. It was raining fast, and continued to do so all day. 1 was kept ?pretty busy with patients, but did no business at all as regards money. I have work to do. Jane made Mrs. Robert son stay to dinner, but she would not stay after dark, and went ht-me at half-past 5 in a hansom alone. She would not 6tay on accouxt of Agnes being rather unwell. I was working at my figure a goad deal all day. I told Lewellyn to send the papers regularly to Bathurst, but I eee he did not do so. I don't Know , what my darling Ellen will think of such neglect. Mr. tollhouse came after tea, as he thought we would n- t expcct on account of the weather. As wc had not bad tea he joined us, and eftcr tea we played whist— Jane and Mr. Bellhouse, and Harriette and myself. We won, and Mr. Bellhouse lost 3s. 6d., for which he intends to buy Harriette a pair of gloves, as be does not like playing for money. At half-past 11 he went out, and I went with him. 1 took three glasses of brandy, which made mc feel very sleepy and stupid. 1 stayed out with him until 1 o'clock. I tcok Spry with me ; he begins to like me very much. I am glad of that for my darling Elien'a sake. Mrs. Morris . came accompanied by Mrs. Douglas, her mamma. I took the model oi her mouth, and she is to have the tooth on Wednesday at 12. She asked after Mrs. Kinder, and also what Mrs. Kinder intended doing. Jane did not see- hcr. Mrs. Douglas is going to be married. I feel very depressed to day, 1 think it is not having received a letter from my darling Ellen, a letter every day. I cannot get on at all without it. Oh, my dear love, I do hope that you, my love, are not ill. Ob, dearest one, I long long to see. to embrace thy dear self, what shall 1 do with out thee my ocar child ! I love thee passionately, aye more fondly than ever. Oh, my beauty, do not grow cold and formal. I shall die outright. I am half dead already. Oh, my Ellen, we ought to correspond every day of our lives, until we can sec one another. My life seems, nay iB a complete blank, since thou, my sweet one, art gone. 1 had no idea, and as 1 knew I lovea thee, that thou wert so wrapt up in my very soul until, my dear Ellen, thou left me of myself alone, of Lovey, my own true love. Say, only Eay, thou wilt be bis in spiteof all and everything,— say that, write it to me often, and 1 will bless thee and God that it 16 so. Oh, my own dear dear Ellen, Adieu.— Lous. Twelve days gone. Tuesday, 7th. — Jane awoke mc this morning by telling me that Mrs. Robertson was taken very ill, and she would like to see Jane. There was also a letter from my darling Ellen, God bless her. I did ro business at all worth speaking about to-day. Mr. Bell house called with Harriette's gloves. I was in the workshop the best part of the day. I paid Hafcr £3 as I promised. Jane and Harriette went out in the afternoon to sec how Mrs. Robertson was getting on, and took both babies with them. At C o'clock I went out to fetch them, but to my surprise Mrs. Robertson was up, and made us stay to tea. Wnile at tea Mrs. Defries came in, and wc did not leave then until 11. The ladies have arranged to spend tbe day (Friday) with Mrs. Dcfrie6, at North Shore. The Defries's are going home to England at the end of this month* I am sorry to say that Ellen is not well. I ara uot well myself : I fear that late hours are not good for me, and I shall have to go to bed at a reasonable time. It is now past two o'clock, and I am very tired. I have plenty to occupy my mind and thoughts, both with my own business and those of whom I am eo very anxious. I wrbte a long letter just now to my jewel, Ellen. I shall try hard and get her in to some house of business here if I can. Good night, my own love. Sleep soundly, and may you wake refreshed, and the thirteenth day gone.— Lovis. Wednesday, 8th.— Thank God, another day gone; what a weary, weary time. How ever will a twelvemonth pass ! God only Knows. My heart grows sick and faint when 1 look into the future. Oh, God, is this Thy retribution for our sins ! Did I flatter myself that the Almighty would let me — a wretch like me —go unpunished; but 1 tell thee, fate, I defy thee. What do I care for aught, only that I am with my Ellen. Oh. sweet dear angel, why ait thou not near to soothe my anguish I 1 do feel as if my heart was rent In pieces, crushed ; and then dark thoughts obtrude themselves before me, fiends rise and mock me; they toiiit to a gate, a portal through which I feel half inclined to go ; but not yet. What would my love do without mc ! Perhaps soon forget me. and may be to love another. That last thought is horrible. Ellen, I half hate thee at the very idea of such a thing. Ob, could I be certain she loves me as I love her. what a comfort it would be I possess no means of keeping ner love. I know I can fascintc when 6he is with me, but away there arc so many fine handsome men that 1 dwindle down to insignificance in comparison. Oh Louie, for shame, is this right to think in this manner ? No Ellen, 2 will not. my love, do thee the unkindness of these ideas. My own darling love, I will no longer torture myself thus. I have faith, and against the whole world. No matter what thou hast been, my child, I hold thee up as a true virtuous wife to mc. for you have been true to me, oh my dearest love. When can I call thee mine! When shall I have the right to love thee openly ? That it may not be long, I pray, for both our sokes, as I fear all this tends to undermine my health. By the bye, I ought not to 6tay up the way I do. I am sure I must be very strong to stand it every night until 3 or 4 o'clock, and working hard all day. I must take care of myself for thy sake, my dear one. I want to give to thee, my love, not a worn out husband, but a man in all the vigour and energy of the prime of life, that 1 may live long to make the rest of thy existence happy. What a comfort to be alone. It is now nearly 3 o'clock, and I have not as yet noted the events of the day. 1 was rather busy, although not making much money ; I was engaged filling teeth, and went without my breakfast until half-past 11. Jane went to Newtown to sec her sister, who is confined. At 11, Mre. Morris came for her teeth, and as I had not breakfasted, I made her wait in the parlour while I did so. She asked me and Jane to call on her, and also invited my sister to come with us. Sbe did not see Harriette to-day ; she was busy all day in the bedroom with the children, 1 hardly saw her at all. I went out and saw Cooper ; he told me that he had had letters for Ellen from New Zealand from John Kinder ; also he informed mc that John Kinder desired him tohaTe a wooden cros6 put upon the grave temporarily. They think down in New Zealand tnat Harry did not intend to kill himself, but only to frighten his wife, and that they seem kindly disposed towards Ellen. I am glad, for 1 like her to have friends. I spoke to Mr. Douglass about getting Ellen something to do, but he thinks it would be better to let the old affairs blow over first for a time, if possible. I was introduced to a gentleman to-day at the Cafe, and I and a friend of mine are to meet him to-morrow, at 1 o'clock, to lunch. I shall go a little more into society— I mean of men— than I have been in the habit of doing of late. I wrote another page of my letter to my dear Ellen, but could not say all I intended to say on account of being too late for the post. I worked aU the rest of the day and night, until past 1, at my silver Fijian. 1 have put all the pieces together to-night, and he is all ready for tbe firm work. 1 shall have it soon finished. I roust be up early to-morrow, as I expect people before breakfast. It is a holiday to-morrow, but I, for one, shall not keep it as such. My love, I must have done corresponding with your dear darling self, for this diary is for thee, my Ellen. You, my love, knew my every thoughts ; and in the future, when you read this, you will see my inmost 60Ul. Love, good night. I pray that God will give thee health and patience to bear thy heavy bur then. Once more, good night.— Lons. Fourteen days, my love, since thou art gone. Thursday, 9th November.— Do not feel able to write. I am doing no business. To my surprise, after I had been out, I heard that Mr. Wood had been. 1 flew to see him. I do not know what possessed me. but I felt almost as if it were part of my own dear Ellen. I felt 60 very, very glad to sec him, it being a holiday. Spent nearly all the day with him, talking of affairs in general tbat concerns us both. He told me exactly how they are all situated, and we thought of taking an hotel between us, in Mrs. Kinder's name. I hope we may be able to do something for my dear Ellen, for I do not like her to work. Tbe dear, dear girl did not forget me, and sent me her little Bell. I seem to be quite out of my senses with joy at tbe thought that I may soon see her. Papa came to tea with us, and after tea wc went out for a short walk, and came home and played whist. About half-pa6t 11 he went. I accompanied him and our conversation was so interesting that I stayed out till nearly 2 o'clock. I also am ashamed to say too much to |drink. I was not intoxicated, but rather excited. I told papa all about our affair. I could not bear to hear him planning a marriage for my own darling, so thought it best to tell him ali. He plainly said that if Ellen loved me sincerely, and that it was for both our happiness he would not ebject, So that is settled. I com menced to write to my dear love tbe moment I returned, but was so excited at the event of tbe day that I could not manage it, and got only to the end of four pages. Oh, my dear, dear one, what can I say to show what great joy fills my heart Then I think of thee. Adieu, my Ellen, adieu, fifteen days gone. —Lovis. Friday, 10th November.— I got up rather late; do feel rather unwell. I went to finish my letter to dear Ellen, but to my sur prise I found that — what with the excitement combined with brandy and water— I had written on two separate sheets of paper, and the writing so terribly bad, that I was not inclined to send it, but on second thoughts I decided on finishing the same letter, as I do not intend to hide anything, even the most trivial, from my sweetheart. However, 1 wrote her a nice long letter, telling her all that papa wished me to. 1 hope she will be able to m ake it out. I was rather busy with people calling, but not making money at all. About half-past 10, Mrs. Robertson came to the house to fetch my sister and Jane to spend the day with Mrs. Defries. They were ready for her, and started directly. I went out to dine with a friend, and afterwards went to look for Mr. Wood. I could not see him anywhere. I was annoyed, as I did not like to close my letter without hearing if there was any more news to write about. However, I was obliged, at 4, to poet it. and then went upstairs to dress to go to North Shore to fetch the ladies. While dressing Mr. Wood came ; the time being rather I asked him to come up and stay with me until I was ready to go. He had had a 6hort letter from John Kinder, which I read. He bad no further ncw6 to tell mc. He walked down with me to the North Shore ferry. I felt very strange. I went over in the Kiribili. It brought a crowd of ideas tbat I thought were buried for ever back to my memory. This is the first time I have been to the shore since poor Harry's funeral. 1 am standing on the deck, my face turned towards the little house with the two chimneys, as I used to do when on wings of love I flew to the arms of my beloved. Ob. my heart sinks within i me when I recall our happy, happy meetings alone, and none by I to interrupt us. Those were happy moments ; but, indeed, I alloyed with bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I was. I ! was mad. How could I bear to know that my Ellen, my own I dear love, belonged to some one who had the legal right to do or say anything he liked with her. It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am. I looked around me. and saw people coming and going as they used to do, and 1, racked by these thoughts, surely, there can be no worse hell than our own conscience. I rode up to Dcfrlres, and got a scolding for being so late. It was past six ©'clock. We stayed until half-past ten, and a carnage came for us which C06t 6s. I oarried the babies home when we reached Sydney. Mrs. Robertson ate no tea, so I went out and got some oysters, and a crayfish. However, Mrs. Robertson was afraid ol it. I ate too much and made myself very ill. About half past one 1 saw Mrs. Robertson home. We walked all the way, and I Tested about quarter of an hour at her house. Of course I bad to walk back, and wa6 quite knocked up. It was past three o'clock before I got home. When I returned I awoke Lewellyn in unlocking the back door, and be told me that Jane thought while lying on the sofa that something jumped upon her. and fainted. Harriette also went into hysterics, and Lewellyn, in one of his usual fits, knocking his head. Luckily I was out of ell this, and I slept like a top. I have to be up early to-morrow morning, so will not write more at present or I shall not get to bed at all. I long to have a letter from my dear Ellen. I trust I may have one to-morrow. Adieu, my love, adieu.— Lot-is. Sixteen days gone. _ ,, , ... . Saturday, November 11th.— Could hardly wake this morning, feeling as if I had not been to bed at all. Was very busy with patients until 1 o'clock. Mr. Loady called for me to go and lunch. 1 detained hfan more haltan-hour. While he was waiting, Mr. Defries called, dressed in his Volunteer uniform; he was going to receive bis prise of £2 from Lady Young. There is to be a review this afternoon In the Domain. Jane is very ill ; Indeed so ill that she could not finish dressing, and I'm afraid she will not be able to come down stairs to- day. I asked Mr. Defries to come out and lunch with us, as he was here ; so we went to Still's and bad a very nice dinner at my expense, After dinner 1 went with Defries to the barracks, and waited till foimed, and saw them march into tbe Domain. TMb was about ! half-past 9. 1 then came home, and had not been in two minutes 1 when Mrs. Robertson came, expecting that my sister and Jane ' would go with her to the review, as Mr. Defries intended, after the review, to go out to her house. I went back to the Domain and tried to let him know that she was at our house. I was rather tired locking for him ; however I managed to find him, and w e camc back together. We made him stop to tea. as Mrs. Robertson was here, and as the downstairs room was rattier close, end full of flics. June and I went out to Zuccani's and bought a very handsome lamp for the drawing-room. We had it sent heme at once, and after tea we all went up stairs, it was quite a treat after the drawing-room. Mr. Defries went home about half-past 9 o'clock, and we played whist Mrs. Robertson was my partner, and wc lost frightfully. However, Mrs. Robertson, during the game, said something to me which offended me, ana because I was annoyed she became quite ill ana fainted; after lying down a little while sbe got better, and when alone with me Hie told mc sbe could not bear me to be cross with her ; 6he also told mc that it was through me she was ill previously ; she is very neivous, and I am grieved tbat I should indirectly be tbe cause of xnoking ber unhappy. I received this morning a long letter fre m my darling Ellen. My own darling is still very low spirited, and she upbraids me greatly for sot writing more fre quently than I do. I am sure I occupy every spare moment in writing cither in my diary or to her. Poor dear child! I do so pity her. She says I must be happy, with all my pleasant surroundings. Dear girl, could you only Teat my heart and soul you would see nothing but blank despair. I don't know how it is, but I seem to get more despondent every day. Oh, my Ellen, I call on thee ana thou answered not. Mr. Defries. when I was out with him, spoke to mc about our affair. He soia that he knew more about us than we imagined— that he had watched us all along, and that he thought it his duty to speak to me on the subject. What I imagine is this — that either Mrs. Robertson or Jane have hinted semt thing to him of what they know. I thought it best to hear what he had to say so that I might be on my guard. He knows tie truth of my love for dear Ellen, and also that she loves me ; he also knows tbat I intend getting a divorce. He begged of me almost on his knees to try and love my wife. He said that Ellen did only care forme for what use she could put me to, and that she bad said so openly ; that he could tell me things that w ould astound me— sufficient to make me give up Ellen altogether and never see her again. I listened attentively to all he had to say ; and when he had finished, he said that he felt for me as if he . was my brother ; exhorted me if I cared for my happiness in this world and my eternal welfare in the next not to be tempted by the Devil. Mrs. Robertson ia always talking in the same manner, so I think she has been speaking to him about us. 1 intend to write to my darling love to-morrow. I broke Jane's fan in a passion. Mrs. Robertson said sbe would write to Ellen soon, in answer to my question whether 6hc had written. About a quarter-post 1 she was well enough to go home, so, as it was so very late, although John was with her, I cou.d not let her go home alcne under his piotec+ion. I accordingly took her home, and when we got there I was so tired and worn out myself that I was obliged to lie down, late as it was, on the sofa. 1 remained until a quarter-past 2, and then had a glass of gin and water to revive me for my homeward journey. I can asBureyou it was no joke at first, this walking such a long distance, tired as I was. 1 wos too tired to write in my diary, so wrote this Sunday after neon. Oh! my Ellen, my dear love, do, do comc tome! what am I fit for without thee I Harriette heard from her husband, and he wonts her to go to him at once. I am going to keep her ? until the end of ucxtweck, as I have her mouth to put to rights. He seems to be getting on better, and has already something to do —seme shops to put up. I do hope they may get on. As For my. affairs, 2 do rot know in the least hew 1 am to get on. I have that bill of £25 12s. 6d. to meet on tbe 30th of this month, and it is now the 31th, and 1 have not a penny towards it as yet Ishall try and get my creditors to let all the old accounts stand over and pay for everything as we get it in tbe future. That is the only way that I can see how to act if they press me. I suppose I must go insolvent. I trust that I may not have occasion to do so. Defries atked me before he left to go over and breakfast with him to-morrow morning, and afterwards go to church at St. Leonards, which I intend doing. I guess that he wants to talk with mc about Ellen, Well, 1 do not remember anything now worthy of notice during this day, so will draw to an end. Adieu my love \ adieu my own one ; bless thee, and guard thee from all ill.— Lotie. The seventeenth day passed away. Sunday, November 12th. Harriet awoke meat a quarter-past 8 o'clock, instead of? as I desired, so 1 bad to shave and dress in a hurry, a performance that I object to infinitely. However, 1 got away from the house at near 9 and took a waterman's boat over to North Shore. It was cloudy, and looks for rain ; also very windy, the tide and wind were against us, so that it took five and twenty minutes to go across. There were no 'buses running at that hour, so I made for Defries's house on foot. It was then nearly half-past 9, and the appointed time for break fast wa6 that at the very latest. To make matters worse, instead of going by the road I went the road through the bush that I went through on one occasion with my darling dear Ellen. I sauntered leisurely along, and a vision bright along with me. 1 recalled that happy walk. 1 once more fancied she, the loved darling of my heart, was by my side. Oh God, what I suffer. Oh, tl .s love is terrible, it will kill me, I know it will. What esc: uciating agony, intense bitterness of the past, all that I pos sess of brain, nerve, and soul is devoted to this one object of my life. When shall the end arrive. If need be, I will willingly sell my soul to 6atan for thee, oh, my dear one. What is the future to me or my salvation. I do not want it unless my Ellen chare it with me. No, where she goes there I shall be found, no matter what penalty I have to pay. I glory in ruining both body and soul for the idol I worship and adore. Be she as wicked as Satan, or as vile and wily as the serpent, I even I, will save her ; will raise her from the depth of hell. I feel this is in my power to do, or I perish in the attempt. I, Ellen, even I, thy lover, wicked as I am, will be a Saviour to thee. Thou shalt bless and almost revere mc for what I shall do for thee. X shall be a beacon in this vacil lating world of ours, to show what the human will is capable of, and what the power of love can perform. Dear, sweet, loved Ellen, the more they oppose us the greater will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will. I tell thee, all that thou bast need of, God's help. Indeed, if thou hast me for an enemy— I, who value human life as 1 value weapons, to be U6ed when required, and then thrown away or destroyed : some, of course, kept for future use if necessary. Beware f it ( have my way in this, if I obtain this sole object of my being, I feel that I fcball be reclaimed ; but if not, no matter from what cause, Heaven help the world, oh 5 I shall indeed bercvenged. What my brain conceives my hands can execute ; but enough of lor the present. I am furious on this one subject. Now to my account. In wandering along, I strolled along until I got to Neutral Bay, forgetting all about breakfast, and was only recalled to - myself by it commencing to rain rather heavily. Ithen found how far 1 was out of my way, and had a run for it. I managed to get to Defries's before I got very wet, and I found him, poor fellow, waiting breakfast, and wondering what the deuce had kept me so late. I am sorry to say tbat Mrs. Defries was taken veiy ill last night with an attack of slight cholera; in fact, she was in bed, and so I did sot see her at all, After breakfast— in fact, the mo ment we had finished— we went to church, as the bells had com menced some time, and we had a little walk ; it was raining slightly, but as we both had umbrellas, it did not matter ; it is a pretty little church. I did not pay much attention to tbe ser mon, being occupied with my own thoughts. Tbe very tact that Ellen, dear Ellen, had been within those walls was sufficient food for my mind to ruminate on for hours. Defries rode down with me to the ferry, and came over with me, and went back by the same boat, as 1 used to do with Kinder. It does 6eem so strange — not two months ago, and all this to have happened ; I almost fancy it is a dream. I had promised to be home to dinner by 2 o'clock, as I did not like leaving my sister all day. I forgot to mention that Mrs. Robertson had promised to come and dine with us if she was well enough. Of course, as it rained all day, she did not come, so am unable to state whether she is ill or not. 1 directly after dinner com menced to write, and continued to do 60 all the rest of the after noon and evening. Mr. Bellhouse called on us after dinner, and is going to return this evening. I do not feel at all inclined for society, and in fact I have of late become Indifferent to all and everything but the one absorbing subject that engrosses all my faculties. My own dear, dear Ellen, my dearest love, what a great deal you will have to answer for. I hope your dear back is broad to be able to bear all this. It is now past 8, and we are about having tea. So I will not wind up this day as yet until all are gone to bed as usual. I told Lewellyn to tell Mr. Wood, if he saw him, to comc up to-night, as he called twice this morn ing when I was out, and to one saw him. I hope that he will come, as I want to see him. By and by 1 am also going to write to answer my lovey's dear letter. God send I may comfort her. I am wretched, I am so morose. 1 am perfectly disgusted with myself and every cue else around me. I am sorry for that, as I know it makes dear Harriette very unhappy to see me thus. But what am I to do ! I cannot help myself. I did not make my own nature ; and if I suffei, I can't help showing it. Mr. Wood came in while we were at tea. He chaimcd me a little. He has decided on going to New Zealand, but before he goes he would like Ellen and Mrs. Wood to come and open business in Sydney, to take a small shop as a beginning. I tbould like tbat greatly, as 1 am sure they would do well, at any rate better than they do at Bathurst. He just told me as I was going to write to mention this in my letter to Eilen. He is going to write to Mrs. Wood to-morrow himself to hear what she thinks of this plan. Now, I am going to begin my letters. So good-bye my faithful diary, my mirror, in which 1 see tbe re flection of every thought. Adieu !— Loris. Eighteen day6 gone. Monday, November 13th.— Rose in good time, took out two or three teeth, did no further business all day. About half-past 1 Defries called as he had promised, and said that he was going to Eee Mrs. Robertson. We made him stay to dinner until about 3 o'clock. I received a letter from my darling love. Sbe is well, she wrote in answer to my letter telling her of the hotel business, I also wrote to-day to Ellen a long letter, Idling her that we could not as yet take an hotel, but that papa proposed for thee, and to come to Sydney. I do hope and pray that that may come to pass, as I really do not know what I shall do so if my daTling is away much longer. At about 4 o'clock Mr6. Robertson came ; of course we did not expect her, as Defries said she expected him. So he missed her. Harriette, Jane, and Mrs. Robertson went for a walk in the gardens, and as I was waiting at home for a patient, I decided to remain at home for Defries, as he said he would call on his way home. He came and took Agnes away with him. Afterwards I went to meet the ladies, and we the n went and bad ices in Pitt-strcct before coming heme. After tea we played whist — Mrs. Robertson was my partner— as there was a debt that had to be worked off, for we played for money. At half- past 11 she left. I accompanied her home, and as it was a fine night wc walked the whole distanee. I stayed nearly an hour with her in conversation about my Ellen. She advised me, if I cared for myself and my friends, to have nothing at all to do with Ellen; and she said, moreover, that she could never admit Mrs. Kinder into ber house or friendship after whet she knew of her. She also told mc that she heard something said between us that was disgraceful, and that sbe staid up three hours, telling Ellen about it. Of course I must make her revoke tho6e ideas a6 I intend to make use of Mrs. Bobertson. Defries has also been trjing all he can to set me against Ellen. Poor dear one, it only shows me all the more how necessary is my love to her. Dear, dear child, I do trust that she is truly penitent for what she ha6 done, and that with me sbe will be in future a truly good and virtuous woman. I am sure of her, for much as I love ner, she should die the moment she did wrong; even a thought or look with what I know would be sufficient to make me do it. Why do people try and torture me thus, God knows I have misery and wretchedness enough with this. Ob, Ellen ! it is indeed a lottery, Tvtciher wc will draw happiness or blank despair. I am prepared for the very worst, and God help the world if this my forlorn hope falU. I feel depressed, terribly depressed in spirit, to hear these accusations against my own durUng love. To hear her spoken of as being bad, almost as bad as it is possible to be, is sufficient to upset my intellect. They tell mc that she went into Defries' bedroom and sat on his bed for three hours until Mrs, Defries had to turn her out. Oh, my God! I must be mad to listen to or repeat such things, but I seemed spell-bound at the time, and seemed to take a morbid delight in being miserable. I cannot account for it in any other way. Ellen, my dear, own dear love, I must be near you. 1 want to look in those dear wicked eyes— and I know they cannot will not deceive me ; and yet, I am to a certain extent, blinded by passion, and she knows it. But I am unlike other men, and she knows what to expect. If I have, like others, cause to repent what I have dione— 1 must drop this painful subject or I shall be ill— it will unman me— unfit mc for the battle I am fighting. Enough excitement of mind for one day. Adieu, my thoughts. Adieu, my own Ellen.— Lovis, Nineteenth day since I commenced this. Sunday, November 14, 1865.— 1 forgot to mention yesterday that Defries came to say tbat they would come and spend the day with us to day. I was not busy, so went to see Layard at 1 o'clock. Luckily, he was at home. We arranged about Palmer's money. Be has paid altogether about £35 ; and the balance of my snare as yet is to be £12 10s., which I am to have to-morrow. I spoke to Layard about taking an hotel for Ellen— in fact, for myself— so that if my business is injured by the Kinder affair I shall have something to Call back upon. I have tbe offer of two very sice ones, and am unde cided which of the two would suit me, In fact,, my plan is this— to take the place for myself and put my darling ? in it, for me in her name. Mr. Wood will manage the affair, ana if we so arranged that if anything happened to Mr. WoodJ it would not affect us. Alto, as it will be mine, I shall have every thing in'my power, and both dear Ellen and I will be independent of every one. I stayed and dined with Layard, and as 1 had ordered our dir.ncr by half-past 2 I appointed to meet bim at 4 o'clock. When I returned from his house, I found Mrs. Robertson waiting, but tbe Defries's had not then come ; they soon camc, and wc had a veiy agreeable dinner. Directly after dinner, Layard called in the dogcart for me ; we went and paw both the hotels— they arc both very nice ones ; I camc home alone, and while we wereattea, Mr. Wcodccme. I told him how things were going on, and he seemed delighted at theprospect of such luck. He showed me a letter he had written to Ellen, telling her of his going to New Zealand and of their coming to Sydney. Of course, then, he was not aware of what I had been doing. I intend to write te my love tomorrow, that is if I comc to any decision about this hotel -bufiness. Afterwards wc played vingt-un until late. 1 saw Mrs. Robertson heme, and was in bed by 2 o'clock— that was early for mc. Now I am sure, tired as I am, I shall not sleep, as 1 have so much to think about Adieu, my Ellen, my thoughts are constantly directed to thee.— Lovis. Twenty dajs gone. Wednesday, November 15th, 1863.— Bupy in the workshop finishing the set of teeth for Miss Horncybrook, as I want the money for it. Went to Layard about the hotel. I do not know what to think of it, or what to decide upon. I should like to have the Railway Hotel, as H is nearer town. Mr. Wood seems so undecided about the affair that I am afraid I shall have to act independently of him, Be does not seem to beat all g rate fill for what 1 have done, or the trouble and anxiety the buMness causes me. At 3 o'clock the ladies went with their balies to spend the afternoon at Mrs. Robertson's. I wentout then at (j to tea. We played whist and lost. I and Mrs. Robertson lost 3e. each, Jane and Harriette being partners. 1 am to see Layard at 10 to-morrow. It being late, and mc having a bad foot, Mrs. Robertson kindlv pressed us to stay all night, which we did. I was very unwell, and both Jane and Mrs. R. were kept up until past 4. However, we slept late, and bad a nice told bath, which put me to rights. 1 left thereat 11 o'tiock, leaving Harriet and Jane to come home later. Twtntv-firat day. Thursday, November lGth, 1865. — When 1 came to town I foutd two letters for me— one from Mr. Tide tn&nn;, say that be was insolvent, so that is a loss of £9 that I depended on ; the other from my darling Ellen. It is a rather peculiar one. I called, after I changed my 'shirt, on - Layard. It appears that Mr. Wood, contrary to my instructions, had humbugged with the people at the hotel, and spoilt alL The wtman wanted nearly £200 more to-day, when she thought bo many people were after it; asd I am surcl do not know how wc are to manage it at all, as I have no money whatever. I, how ever, will not give up the idea, as I am sure dear Ellen would do well w ith me. After I came from Layar-L Mr. Wood emailed and said if he could not have the hotel altogether, he would go down at once to New Zealand, and write for all tne family to comc afterwards to him ; he has acted in a most shameful manner to me, after what I have done. 1 see through it all ; he wonts to tTade with my love for bis daughter, and so make me do all I can for him. On that account, God help that old man if he flies in my face. I am bis match, and I think he knows it. Well, he said that he would not let Ellen comc to Sydney, and that he would write to her, forbidding her to come. Let him do so, I do not care ; she is her own mistress, and as for me I do not tare a damn for any one in the world. I am in a wretched temper all to-day. At dinner time Mr. Dcfricd called, and said that he was going to the Glebe. At 5 Jane and my sister returned bringing Mrs. Robertson with them ; she stayed till 11 o'clock. I saw her heme, as it is very late I must weary of this day. Iam rather annoyed at the hotel. 1 might not have such a chance over again. Twenty-two day6 gone. Friday, November 17th. — Went to Layard's at 10. to hear what was decided about the hotel, and found that I could not have it at all, as the woman had been tampered with by Mr. Wood. That is unfortunate, as I would have preferred that one. However, it is gone asd cannot be helped. I did no business at all to-day. In tbe evening after tea we went out to the Glebe, and stayed till pest 1 o'clock. Mr. Defries came late, and slept there all night. In coming home Harriette's boot hurt her so much that wc could not proceed at all, and as it was too late for any sort of convey ance, I thought of the expedient of taking off my own boot and letting her wear it, so I walked from Christ Church to Wynyard square barefoot. I can hardly put my foot to the ground, it is so painful. I em anxious to hear from Ellen in answer to my last note, I cannot;call it a letter. Adieu ! my loved one, adieu !— Lovis. Twenty-third day gone. Saturday, November 18th, 1865.— Had an appointment at 10, and as we were up late did not get- any breakfast until 12 o'clock. I had to meet Layard to decide what wa6 be6t to be done, and after considering all things, I have taken the University Hotel, and intend to-morrow to write Ellen the whole truth of the matter, and if she decides on coming down at once, I am sure we shall both of us make money, besides being able to see each other so often; I will keep Mrs. King as bar maid, as she understands the whole business of the place, and besides, my dear love will by this means be saved not only work and trouble, but also a great deal of unpleasantness. Layard will join me in the business, and of course, after a time, if we get on, we can take a better house nearer town. I went to all the rest of my creditors to-day, and they all acted very kindly to me, and none of them will trouble me at all for this money. I am sure it is very good of them, &6 it relieves me from a great annoy ance at present, as all I have to obtain for immediate use at once iE £11 rent and the bill of £25 12s. $d. About the bilL 1 do not know where I can find money for it, as I have none at all. How ever, I never stuck yet for an idea, and qm not likely to do so at present. At half-past 3 Mrs. Robertson came to go with Jane and my sister to the Gardens ; as they were not ready to go until 4 I dressed myself and accompanied them: there were a wretched lot of people there, which quite disgusted me. We came home at about 7 o'clock to tea, and then went up stairs, with the inten tion of playing cards, but Mrs. Robertson was taken very ill indeed, and so wc did nothing. At 11 she went home; I rode with her. and wandered back — that is the events of to-day. I am awfully tired out. Adieu. I am sure I do not know what to say to Ellen, or whether had better go to to Bathurst to fetch her. Lovis.— Twenty- four days gone. Alfred Burse recall* d . I have been nearly four years in Bfitrand'e service, end I was usually employed from 9 o'clock in the morning till 6 o'clock in the evening ; I have knovrn Mrs. Kinder 6top at Bertrand's house at night ; sometimes I have stopped late at night to work ; at other times when 1 have cotne to work in. a morning I have seen her coming down stairs ; she stayed in the house for about a week on one occasion, after chloroform was admin* itteied ; about three or four days after he fint knew her Bertrand sent me with a message to her, giving me a note end faying that 1 was to deliver it to Mrs. Kinder and get an answer res or so ; I took the note to Kinder's house at the Ronh £-hore a little after 8 in the morning, and deli vered it to a \oung lady who came to the door, and who said she would perhaps be In there in the afternoon ; it was Mrs. Kinder's sister, I believe; when I got back, I told Bertrand, as an answer, ' She would be down in the after noon.' Mr. Roberts objected to the reception as evidence of a communication not shown to have been authorised by the person assumed to have given the answer stated by the witness. Mr. Macpherson contended that, before this evidence was admissible, the party who spoke must be shown to have been the agent of Mrs. Kinder; and, until that was shown, it was merely hearsay evidence. Mr. Butler said be was not putting it as evidence against Mrs. Kinder, but as evidence of what the witness said to Bertrand. Mr. Roberts objected to it aB evidence against Bertrand. 'Witness continued : I said to Bertrand, she will be here afternoon ; 1 saw her at Bertrand's house that afternoon, when he was out; he was out nearly an hour, and she went away without seeing him; about a couple of months after that he told me to go to the post-office at St. Leonards, and ask for a letter addressed to a Miss Somebody, as he thought Mrs. Kinder was not going to receive it herself, as she had been seen or observed at the post -office by Major Christie ; I went to tbe post-office at St. Leonards and got a letter : it was addressed to a Miss Somebody, to be left till called for ; 1 gave it to Bertrand ; about a fortnight or three weeks before Kinder's death Mrs. Bertrand gave me a letter, say* ing it was written by Mr. Bertrand, and that I was to take it to the North Shore and see if there was any answer; it was in Mr. Bertrand's handwriting ; I took it over, handed it to Mrs, Kinder and she took out a diamond ring; it was Mr. Bertrand's ring ; besides Mrs. Kinder, I only saw a little boy ; Mr. Jackson, whom I know, was not there on that day ; she eaid she would come pernaps in the after noon; Betrand was ill at this time; these were the only occasions on which I took letters ; Bertrand told me that on the first eccasion of hiB knowing Mrs. Kinder she was accompanied by her mother and sister, and that after the acquaintance, when her mother and sister accompanied her, he exchanged letters with her when they shook nands at parting ; be told me that Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him ; this -was about the time he received the first letter, or after the first letter ; he told me that he was in the habit of having connexion with her ; some time after this he told me that Kinder would very likely be found dead in his bed one morning ; on the occasion of her vkits 1 saw them together in the room, apart from where 1 was, and when no one else was in the room; he said that Kinder would very likely commit suicide ; I do not recollect the time when he said this ; on a subsequent occasion he told me in the work shop that he would put Kinder against Jackson and so get Jackson out of the road, by making Kinder jealous of him ; about a fortnight afterwards he told me he had succeeded, and that Kinder had got Jackson to leave the house at the North Shore ; a short time afterwards he told me he had made friends with Jackson, and that Jackson was coming to stop at bis nlace for a time ; Jackson did stay there ana had ois meals there ; after he had been there three or four days Bertrand told me that he had tried to drug Jack son for the purpose of getting papers and letters written to him by Mrs. Kinder ; he teld me the day after that it had failed ; he subsequently told me that he had tried to get Jackson to leave the house, and Jackson left ; the next thing he told me was that Mr. Kinder would be found dead in his bed ; this was subsequent to the other conversations; about six. weeks previous to Kinder's death he asked me where I could get a boat to hire ; I told bim several places, and mentioned Buckley's amongst others ; he said he required a boat for a little exercise, and asked me if I would accompany him ; we went the following night about 12 o'clock: 1 hired a boat from Buckley between 6 and 6 o'clock, ana about 12 we went in it over to the North Shore, as far as Kinder's house, which waB about five minutes' walk from the wharf ; the boat was tied up at the wharf, and we went to the Eide of Kinder's house, opposite to the bedroom window upon which the moon \tas shining; he said 'That is his bedroom he did not then say what was the punpose of his visit, hut1 afterwards he said he wished to get to Mr. Kinder's drawers; I think he said for the purpose of getting papers from his chest of drawers, but I em not quite ceitaw : he did not go in, he said the moon was too strong, he had come too early, and tbat he would have to go some other night ; we returned to Sydnev ; we went again about three nights after, taking a boat from the same place, and went up to the house ; as we ware going over he said it was very likely that next morning Kinder would be found dead in his bed, having ccmmitted suicide, and letters from Jackson be found in his hand ; we were there about 1 o'clock in the morning ; this night be went into the house, whilst I was standing about a dozen yards from it ; he took off his bootSj giving them tometohold; I cannot say how long he remained there as I fell asleep ; he got in by one of the front windows— the dining reom window, 1 think ; after his return be said Kinder's beer, was untouched; he eaid, *'We bad drugged it;' that Kinder was very restless, starting up in his sleep every moment^ end that Mrs. Kinder k^pt him from sleeping ; he said .he would punish her for it in the morning; we then retained borne ; nearly a week after he came and told me he required a boat egain. and asked mc if X would getithim ; 1 got it for him. Captain Cloete : Was it from the same man ? Yes, from Buckley, but not the same boat, a lighter one. I think that night he went to the theatre and met Mr. and Mrs. Kinder there. By Mr. Butler : At tea time that evening he produced a hatchet he had bought, and asked me to bore a hole is tie handle so that he could tie it up by a string and carry it concealed under his coat; and I did so. He had in the house at the time a young man whose name 1 believe was Ranclaud, who came from the theatre with them and left the houte the same time that we did— about 1 o'clock in the morning; he asked Bertrand where he was goiu&with; the hatchet, and Bertrand told him something about fi ;V ing ; I asked Bertrand what he told Ranclaud, and k- .s isd he told him that he intended to kno- k a hole in the bottom of the boat, because some one had ii ;..iod him ; about I o'clock we went across in the beat ; o.. going to the bjat he told me that Kinder had insulted hint at the theatre, and that It was his intention to knot], mb brains out; he also said he intt ndfd to get a divorce from his present wife and to many Mrs. Kindrr ; I asked what was his cause against Mrs. liertrand, that he wished I to be divorced ; he said ' no cause ; 1 told ! him 1 thought it was impossible to get a divorce from her unless he could get something against her ; and he said he would get some one, and pay them until he got something against her ; when he was about going out of bishou6e ne would wish me good bight, tell me to be back early in the morning, slam tne door, and then he would come out at the back door ; with regard to what he said as to the divorce, I remarked what object could he have in putting Mr. Kinder out of the way when Mrs. Kinder was just as good as a wife to him ; he said Mr. Kinder had insulted bim, and besides he wished to have Mtb. Kinder all to himself ; he said he told Mrs Kinder that he had been over there, and she would not believe it ; when we got to the bouse; he went in the same way through the same window, by taking off his boots ; he tuld me that he htd taken the screws out of the lock, and put the lock in 8gain with putty, so that it would readily fall out into his hand ; we returned in about an hour, or a little more, and on our way back he said Jackson and Llewellyn (Mrs, Kinder's brother) were there again, asleep in the house, and that be did not think it safe, especially as tho boards creakcd. Mr. Robert e : Safe to do what ? To murder Mr. Kinder, as 1 understood, . By Mr. Butler - We then returned to Sydney ; the tcmahawk was a email one ; it was that produced, but part of the handle baa been broken off ; about a week after he told me he was going over again, and asked me in the after noon if I would buy him a red Crimean shirt, because it would not show tbe colour of blood; 1 got one from Giles's ; he th%n asked me if I under stood making up, and if I would make him up so that he would not be recognised ; 1 said, 11 Don't you wish you may get it.' Between 12 and 1 he shut the door again, after calling out to his wife, then went upstairs and shaved himself; he woke me up; his face waa then black ened ; he had on a shell hat belonging to me, wore the Crimean shirt, and on his face he had a kind of mask that concealed half his face ; he told me to take eff my boots ; 1 did so, and he did the same ; this was at his own house, in Wynyard-square ; we put on our boots outside in the lsine, and went across with a boat again at about half-past one o'clock : be took some brandy in a ginger-beer bottle, and drank tne brandy before going up to Kinder's house ; he got insde the house, and remained there about three quaiters of an hour ; when we got back to the whar^ he said he did not like going home without finishing what he bad come to do, and asked me if I would accompany him to the house, go in with him, and if anything happened, to take his part and knock anybody's brains out who inter fered ; 1 said it was too romantic for me, or I don't see any thing lomantic in it, — that 1 had no share in Mrs. Kinder, and would not run any risk ; he went back by him self, and returning in about half-an-hour, he woke me up, as 1 was asleep on the wharf; on all these occasions t always carried tbe hatchet myself (except when he was in the house) for my own safety ; 1 gave it to him when we got up to the house ; I also used to get him to sit in front of me in the boat for fear of accidents ; I made Hp* pull the stroke oar whilst I pulled the .bow oar, fearing lest taking ae by surprise whilst my back was towards him he might throw me into ihe water ; this ended the boat excursions; in stating these particulars of them some circumstances might have occurred on different nights to those 1 have mentioned, but if they did not occur on one of the nights I have mentioned they occurred on one or other cf the occasions ; two or three weeks after Bertrand asked me if 1 had any pistols ; I eaid that 1 had one, but that I used it for conjuring— for wizarding ; he then asked me if 1 knew where any could be got, and where any one might buy them without being recognised ; I told him 1 did not know, but that I would try to obtain them for him ; he said he would get some himself; that night he. asked me if would accompany him, and meet him at 6 o'clock opposite Pettis Hotel, and he would dress as a womBB ; I waited until a quarter-past 8, and he did not come ; I went to the house, and then saw Bertrand ; 1 asked him for some money as a pretext not to let those in the house know what I had come for j I went out, and met him nearly opposite Cohen's Hotel, about twenty minuteB afterwards ; we went down Lewer George street, and 1 inquired at several places ; at last I succeeded in getting a pistel at JLevey's, nearly opposite the Crooked Billet Inn, in Lower George-street; whilst I was in the shop Bertrand came in and examined the pistols ; he being the n dressed as a woman ; be expressed his approval of them, and paid for them with money he gave me ; he shaved off a moustache he wore previously ; we returned hone, and 1 left him at the corner of Margaret* street: next morning he told me to go and get a sheep's head, and I got onefrom Sharp's the butcher's in Hunter-street ; he said he wanted it to practice with, and told me not to have it cut in two ; I think young Mr. Sharp helped me ; 1 took it np to Bertrand's workshops at his place in Wynyard- square ; he then made some bullets; I saw him make a model of one in wax to fit the pistol, and then pour plaster of pans upon it ; in the mould ne poured lead ; he loaded the pistol, and fired several times at the sheep's head ; after firing about four times Mrs. Palmer and Mrs. Bertrand csme into the shop, and Mrs. Palmer asked him what he was doing ; he immediately ordered them both out and shut the doer: he said he wished to know which part of the skull the bullet would enter into the soonest ; and he pointed to the side of the temple between the eye and the ear as the best place ; nothing more occurred until Monday morning, this being on the Saturday ; on the Monday he told me to burn the skull in the fomace, and 1 did so ; the next thing I heard was that Mr. Kinder had shot himself ; he came in between 11 and 12 on the morning of the day when I heard of Kinder shooting himself; a week previous he bad shown me a pistol he eaid he intended to give to Kinder, not one of those produced, but one of a better maker: on the evening he told me that Kinder had shot himself ; that he had gone out with him to have a driak ; and that before going back to the house he had shown him a pistol, telling him that it was perfectly empty, although at the same time it was loaded ; that he (Bertrand; placed a cap upon the nipple and tola Kinder to go into the room and frighten the laxlies by pretending to ahoot him self ; that he did so, and of course shot himself; Bertrand said they were two or three hours looking for dootors, and that none of them thought the wound was inflicted by a bullet; that no bullet could be found; the day previous to Kinder's death, Bertrand took out of his pocket a small bottle contaiog a white liquid, without any label ; this was in the workshop ; the liquid was like water ; he took it out of his trousers' pocket, saying it was poison, which he in tended to give to Kinder; that he had often before given him poisoiit and that it had never taken effect; he said Kinder stuck out to the last that he did not ahoot him self; he ako eaid Kinder would have no oae with him but himself (Bertrand) ; on the morning of the conver sation about Kinder having shot himselL Bertrand said one of the ladies had picked up a bullet on the floor, and which be showed me; it was fiat; he merely laughed, and put it in his pockct; in the surgery I have seen Mrs. Kinder with her arms round Bertrand's neck ; I was not at work there at that time, but happened to be going in quickly; the pistol produeed (the one with concealed trigger) is one of those bought at Levy's ; I objected to it^ and Levy pretending to change it, took a good one back and put tins up again ; the one with the trigger guard, I think, was the one Ber trand showed me, and tola me he was going to give it to Kinder; I think one of the bullets that were cut in the mould, and which I gave to Elliott, fits one of the pistols bought at Levy's; I kept that one (bullet). Captain Cloete: The first night of your boat excursions, you6ay he spoke of too much moonlight;— were the others by moonlight ? The others were still moonlight, but not so much. The moon was generally down before we got there. We timed it eo that the moon might be going down. By Mr. Butler : 1 think Bertrand said he applied some poison to the wound, and that it was acid ; that was about the time he showed me the small phial : he also said he must net leave Kinder too long for anybody else to speak to ; before Kinder's death Bertrand came up with a handful of letters to burn ; I asked him what they were, and he handed me one as he was burn ing the others ; he did not say whose letters they were ; the purport of the one he showed me, as far as I could gather it, was this, ' Dear Kinder, or dear Harry, 1 know you are jealous of me, because that d Bertrand has told lies of me;' we made some remarks at the same time about the way he could disguise his handwriting ; he took it out of my hand, and placed it among the others he was burning ; I believe Kinder's name was Henry ; either the third or the last time we' went over to the North Shore— it was on Friday night — he said Kinder might be killed that night, and as JackBon was leaving the colony next day, suspicion would I fall upon him; since Kinder's death, 1 have had no oon I versation with Jackson ; I do not think 1 have spoken to I bim at all; 1 have had no conversation with him either i before or since Kinder's death. Tuesday, 5th, Alfred Burne, cross -examined by Mr. Roberts : I am twenty years of age ; I did not give any evidence at the inquest on the body of Kinder^ although I was aware that an inquest Was to oe held, Bertrand having told me that he was going there : I did not go, because I was not sub poenaed I suppose; I have been subpoenaed here; I have been at the Detective Office sinoe the inquest ; I went there, being in danger of my life if Bertrana got at liberty; it was alightly lor the sue of public justice, and by way of protecting my hie that I went thaw tho object beug self ? reservation in particular, and the other in a slight degroe ; did not go there for fear I might bo implicated in the charge against Birtrand ; I went voluntarily ; 1 volun tarily stated what I knew; before I went to Captain M'Lerie I told Mr. Layard, of Jamison street, all 1 knew about the affair; it took mo about an hour to give my statement at the Detective Office ; I took three letters to Mrs. Kinder; two 1 received from Mr. Bertrand, and one firom Mrs. Bertrand ; there was to be eecrccy ; Bertrand told me that if Mr. Kinder had not gone to the ofDce and 1 saw him 1 wafi not to give him th6 letter ; he told me to look out for him on the way and gave' me a description of him ; Bertrand told me this about 9 o'clock ; I stated yesterday it was between 8 and 9 o'clock ; to the best of my recollection it was about half an hour after when I got there, because 1 missed tho house } when I readied the noufc it was about 9 ; he ^ave me directions as to the house, but they had moved ; I found tl: it out by £oing there that morning ; yesterday 1 forgot to s *te many important fa its in connexion with my ovidearo until Mr. Butler reminded me of them ; 1 dud not say from whom the letter came ; no ene but myself and Bertrand was present at any of the conversations I have related with regard to the-celivery of letters, buying pistol, and the changes of apparel, except one, I think, that was the con versation about tbe hatchet, when the teller of the City Bank was present ; that was one night iust previous to our going over to the North Shore; I have no idea of the time ; it was about three month r ago as far as I can recol lect ; 1 think it was, but will not swear it was in August ; 1 cannot say when Mrs. Kinder first visited Bertrand's cBtabliebment, but it was before the month of August last ; 1 took no notice of it, it did not interest me ; 1 did not know the contents of the first letter Bertrand gave me, but from what he said to mc 1 pretty well guessed ; I was not told that it was on professional busi ness ; to the best of my belief it was ! scut before Mrs. Kinder became acquainted with Mrs. I Bertrand, and 1 think two or three days elapsed between the time of her first visit and the sending of the letter ; she attended shortly after to have her teeth attended to ; I saw her come when Bertrand was out and she left whilst 1 was there; 1 had to make a model ot her mouth ; I think ehe said something about an appointment ; on one occasion only did I see Mrs. Kinder with her arms round Bertrand ; it was about three or four months ago, and occurred in the surgery ; 1 am an amateur theatrical, and used to do juvenile bubiness at the Victoria Theatre before it closed. '? Mr. Butler : Did you act for pay or pleasure P For pleasure. Cross- examination continue! : It was usual for me to ge out of the surgery when patients came in ; I had seen her in the snrgeiy before this act of intimacy many times. Captain Cloete : In the surgery or in the house P — In the house. Cress-exanv'-iation continued . I guessed they had a liking for each ithcr. and that this letter was for an ap pointment ; it was about a week after that he told me Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him ; but tho day previous to giving me the letter he said Mrs. Kinder was a remarkably tine woman, at the same time winking ; I never saw them exchange letters on shaking hands with each other ; Bertrand, about three weeks after he became ac quainted with her, told me he was in the habit of having improper intercourse with her ; it was about three months ago tkat Bertrand told me in the workshop that Kinder was likely to commit suicide ; he said Kinder wbb in great money difficulties, that he was very hard up, and would most likely be found dead iu his bed ; I asked why, and he said bccause he is in great money difficulties and did not know what to do for money ; this might have taken place six or seven months agoj I am not certain as to dates ; now I am reminded of it I think Bertrand in talking of the probability of Kinder commit ting suicide, coupled with it aome allusion to his leading & dissipated life and addiction to intoxicating drinks; he sometimes mentioned that and sometimes his pecuniary em barrassments as the cause ; on one of the boat excursions Bertrand told me Kinder had insulted him, and for that reason he was going to knock his brains out, and I believe the same night he said he had drugged him ; in fact, I understood him to say he had drugged him every night he went over there ; except the first ; he said he had drugged the beer ; the con versation with reference to Jackson and Kinder took plaop in the workshop ; 1 saw Jackson at Bertrand's two or three days, apparent^ stopping there, but 1 never spoke to him; in not telling Jackson what Bertrand had said of him, I had no mere reason than not wishing to break the confi dence reposed in me by Bertrand ; I have broken confidenoe now or else some one else would ; I was told that Bertrand had spoken of the circumstance that he attempted to drug Jackson, and failed, in fact that he had spoken of the whole 8 flair, and threatened to blow my brains out as soon aa he came out of gaol ; it was because I was afraid of being im plicated in the death of Kinder ; previous to getting into difficulties he stated hiB intention to put me out of the way ; and his aster, Mrs. Kerr, and Mr. Defines, told me that I had better give evidence ; I read about a J-age of the diary before the detectives came — the first page — whilst Bertrand was in gaol; it was no part of my business to open the booksin the drawers, and I received no directions to do so ; I received the keys from Mrs. Bertrand when Mr. Bertrand went to gaol ; my reason for opening the diary was to see if there was anything in it against Mr. Bertrand ; he has some years previously dressed himself in the character of a woman; he did so about three years back as a joke; I once remonstrated with him about talking of knocking Kinder's brains out — that' was the night when he told me ho was i going to kill Kinder— to knock hiB brains out with the | hatchet; I said, how would it benefit you, because Mrs. Kinder can be no more to you than sbe is already ; I eaid that in the boat ; he placed great confidanoe in me, but I thought it bett to be on the safe side, although I did not fear him ; I thought be might take my life ; he often joke^ with me upon the subject of Kinders death; belladpnna, chlorodyne of zinc, and arsenic are used in the business ox a dentist for killing the nerves of decayed teeth before stop ping them ; I am not certain about belladonna. By Mr. Butler : When he showed me the bottle of poison I referred to yesterday he did not Bay where or how he got St ; upon another occasion he said that he was in the habit of going into a chemist's shop, and amongst others he men tioned tne name of Wilkinson— that he took a small phial and filled it with what poison he required whilst the chemist's back was turned : I supposed the person who sold me the pistols was Mr. Levy, t Joseph Myers brought before witness.] The gentleman now before me is the one who sold me the pistols ; I got the keys to attend to Bertrand's business in his absence. Captain Cloete : I got the keys from Mrs. Bertrand in order to attend to the surgery ; I am not certain about the dates of the circumstances I have mentioned. By Mr. Roberts, at the instance of theprisoner Bertrand : Do you not know it to be a fact that Bertrand could get poisons of any description from chemists on application ? I believe he could. . Police Sergeant Harris was called to give evidence as to what was stated by Bertrand at the Court of Quarter Sessions on the prosecution of Jackson relative to the sending of a letter by Bertrand to Mrs* Kinder, but au that he recollected of what were stated to be the contents, was that she was asked to oome over as he was very ill, and wanted her to wait upon him ; he did not remember anything being said as to what was enclosed in the letter as a special sign for her to come ; he stud that Mrs. Bertrand was in the house when he had Mrs. Kinder there, Mr. Roberts : He said he would not take the medicine out of any ane*s hands but Mrs. Kinder ; I give my own in terpretation of the answers ; I did not take notes. Joseph Myers, carrying on business with Levy and Co., 197, Lower George-street, deposed that about 8 o'clock on the evening of Thursday, 28th September, a young man, with a person — apparently a young woman, the latter re maining at the door2 — came to the shop to get some pistols ; he identified the witness Burne as me young man who came to the ahop ; the person dressed as a woman only came inside the snop door ; this was after the application of the young man who bought the pistols for tne money which he got from the person outside ; the young man said they were purchasing them for amateur theatrical performances ; they were 10s. 6d«, and I think he gave me a £1 note; wnen the pistols were paid for 1 did not see them go away together ; one of the two produced (that with the secret trigger) was one of those sold on that oocasion ; they were sold as damaged pistols ; the trigger of this one will not cock, and in one ef those I sold the trigger was a perfect fixture. By Mr. Roberts : I did not see any whiskers on the person dressed as a woman: it would not answer the description of Bertrand in bis present con dition with whiskers and moustache ; to the best ef my belief the young man fetched money from the young woman ; the pistol with the trigger guard I did not see before to-day; in my experience of these articles, such a pistol as this could not shoot a man, but it might nave shot a man and afterwards have beoome disordered ; one of the two I sold would not act at all, and the other would not act with the ordinary pressure ; the only person I saw in possession of the pistols was the young man to whom they were handed. John 6harp, butcher, assistant to his brother, carrying on business in Hunter-street, deposed: Within the last three months I sold a sheep's head to a young man very much like the witness Burne ; a sheep's head ; I asked him if he would have it chopped and skinned, and he said no, he wanted it for an experiment, and took it away with him. By Mr. Roberts : I sold it in the forenoon, to the best of my recollection ; he did not say who he was, nor inform me of tbe nature ef the experiment ; I could not swear Burne is the same person, but I believe he is the same young man. Mary Palmer deposed : I am Mrs. Bortrand's mother ; I remember being in Bertrand's house with my daughter one day upstairs, and hearing what appeared to be the report of pistols ; they were successive reports, within intervals of not a minute, 1 suppose; I heard two reports, and in about ten minutes afterwards 1 came down stairs from the next floor to Bertrand's workshop and looked in; there I saw a sheep's head on a side table, and observed smoke , in the room; I observed to Bertrand. u Goodness, Henry, what a smoke in the room;' ? he ordered me out and I left the house ; my daughter knocked at tho door ; on one occasion, it might be two months cr more since, and I believe before I heard of Kinder's death, I had a conversation with Bertrand in the front room of his house, when my daughter, Mrs, Bertfand, was present, when Bertrand said to me, ' Mother. I am going to get a divorce,' I said, 11 Henry, what a divorce ment, 'm been married but two years, and have two dear children he said, ' Ohu never mind, 1 would not allow my own mother to speaklike that to me— I would knock her down tbat was all I said| and the oosmnation ended thore ; Mrs. Jlerlrand did i:ol My nny thing ; my daughter And BcrHand apparently were living on ratfcer to tho con trary of liajjpy U:rmH ; tliry havo leen married three ycnifi next April ; I think it is for aVnit right or nine months that they have been living unhappily ; but noither Bertram! nor niy daughter ever mcntiomd lo me the c&u;&c.; By Mr. Roberts : I «1 ««}?(. hand her sober, steady, and industrious, and having a great^rogard for her phildron; sho made 110 complaints agaiDbt him ; she was very domes tioaled ; I did nut obscrvo a in Bertrand's baud ; the assistant wan also in tho workshop, and I did not know which of them fired the pistol ; at first, when I hoard tho report, 1 fancied it was the damming of doors ; my diugh tcrkcorktd, and immediately the door was opienel I saw the sheep's head on the tnble ; he wan vory good an! kind lo rny daughter for two years ; ho waa not a. man of- stringe j hahltsiuid manners ; within the last nine months he lias been very dilleront tu me, during which time I Iiavo noticed an alkratiou in bis manners aud habits; I have not known I him to c-ur ry on practical jukes during tbat timo ; I hive J lied no riafcon (o complain of my daughter since her mom'sKc. . . , Hy Mr. Butler: 'Within the last nine months he appeared very strange to my daughter, and, not liking to see it, I Vent away ; by strange I moan unkind. Captain Cloete: Did you notice any particular smell as of gunpowder in Uio room aftor you hoard tho pistol fired ? decree Bucklcy, boat proprietor, Darling harbour, de posed that he was in tho habit of lotting out boats for hire ; people often hired boats to go out for a night ; ho had no recollection of Bume hiring a boat, though, he might have hired tne without his (witnossV) knowledge. Wednesday, 6th. Charles Lett deposed : I was present at tho Court of Quarter Sessions when a man named Jackson was prose cuted for sending a threatening letter to Bertrand ; in the crow -examination of Bertrand by Jackson, in reference to a letter sent by Borlrand to Mrs. Kinder, at the North Shore, the witness Bertrand mentioned that he enclssed a ring in I the Itftar and on Judge Bowling asking if it was usual for i gentlemen iu addressing ladies to send rings, he replied that he did not know that, hut he was generally in the habit of sending rings or something when he wrote to Mrs, Kinder ; ho said when lie wanted ber for a particular purpose ho en closed his ring ; he said ho was ill at the time, and wanted her to come, and she did come to nurse him, as ho would not talc his medicincs from his wife, and preferred to take them from Mrs. Kinder; he said he had been in the habit of lending Jackson small sums of money; I think ho eaid the last sum he lent him waa £2 ; he eaid he had only been acquainted with Jackson a short time, and had been introduced to liim by Mr. Kinder, who had known him in New Zealand ; thiB I believe was stated in the examination in chief, and in the cross- examination he aafd the money was to be deducted from a sum owing by Mr. Kinder to J uck win ; I also remember Mrs. Kinder being examined, she was colled by Jackson ; he simply asked her, 1 believe, whether Mr. Kinder was of a jealous disposition, and she eaid ' Yes.' He asked her if he was jealous of Bertrand among others, and she said 11 Yes, he was jealous of every body;' he asked her if there was any ground for the | jealous}', end she said ' Decidedly not.' Charles Edward Ran clau.d deposed : I am a clerk in the City Bank, and am slightly acquainted with Bertrand ; I remember being at his house one night after we had boon to the thcelre ; I should say it was about a month before Mr. 1 Kinder's death ; 1 proceeded from the theatre to the house j with Bertrand ; 1 remained there cot more than a quarter of an hour; I went out with Bertrand and his assistant, Borne ; this was a little aftor 12; I asked him where be was going, and he stated that he was going out fishing ; I asked him what he was going to do with the hatchet he had with Mm ; it was what is called a tomahawk ; I believe what he eaid in reply was to the effect that he had had a quarrel with, or had been insulted by some one, and that he intended to knock a hole iu the bottom of the boat. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts . I have had a conversa tion with Wr. Elliott as to the reply Bertrand made to my question ; it took place in the Dank, and I read to him almost exactly what I have just sworn ; before I went into the witness-box I told a person in Court I could not recol lect the exact words of the answer, but I could state the effect. By Mr. Butler : I wrote down for Mr. Elliott my recol lection of the answer ; that was about a fortnight ago. Alexander Bellhouse deposed : I am employed In the Tele graph department, and have known Bertrand three or four years, but until three or four weeks age I had not seen him for two years; I then met him on board tho Manly Beach steamer, and he in vited ne to his house ; I went there the following evening, remained there two or three hours, he introduced rae to his wife and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, and we played at cards ; when I was going away he said he wanted to tell me some thing; and walked out of the house with me; he then volunteered a statement about the death of Kinder ; he eaid he went in the garb of a woman and purchased a Elstol ; tbat he shaved off his moustache entirely ; he said e was sorry for Kinder, but he wanted him out of the way; he eaid he was going to get a divorce from his wife in lees than twelve months ; he said he was a powerful mesmerist, »nfl had great power over people that way; that he had great influence over his wife, and could do what he liked with her; he said his wife knew about his Attachment for Mrs. Kinder— that she was very fond of him and would do anything he wished; then he went on to say he was a powerful mesmerist ; I think he said he put the pistols in Kinder's way, but I would not swear to it ; he did not say anything particular as to his influence over Mrs. Kinder; he eaid they were a pair cf common pistols. Cross examined by Mr. Roberta : Ho went out to a cafe about 11 o'clock, ''ft I suppose I was with him for an hour; wo separated about 2 o'clock that morning; Ber trand volunteered the statement without any introduction or any question on my port ; I did not oommence the conver sation by saying, ' What sort of a woman is Mrs. Kinder, I should like to be introduced to her the thing had been out of my mind since 1 glanced at tho account of the inquest before I came down to 8ydney ; no one was present at the conversation between him and me; his statement was so singular that 1 could not sleep much that sight for JMnHnp of it ; he did not say that he could by mesmerism ao anything he liked with his wife ; he said he \- had a great amount of power over her ; he stated that Mr. Kinder shot himself ; I thought it was clearly understood that Kinder shot himself; and I did not, therefore, quesUou liim about it ; be said he was sorry for Kinder, but t do not swear it was immediately after that he said he was in his way ; he told me that in the garb of a woman he purchased the pistols himself ; 1 am not positive whether he said he rut them in Kinder's way ; he did not say that eo lone as Kinder was in his way he could not get married to Mrs. Kinder ; 1 had something to drink with Bertrand outside the house, one drink 1 think. By Mr. Butler : The conversation with Bertrand was after leaving the house and before going into one of the cafes ; he did sot say that the pistols he referred to had Anything to do with Kinder's death. Mr. Roberts : I had a little brandy and water in Ber trand's house, and I think Bertrand took some gin in and some out of the house. Harriet Kerr deposed : I am a married woman, and sister to Bertrand, the prisoner ; I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks sgo, ana went to live at his house in Wyn yard-Bquare ; shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs. Kinder, and said he wished to make her his wife— that he wished a divorce from his present wife; he said he was very much in love with this person, Mrs. Kinder ; 1 said 1 was veiy much suiprised, as in bis letters to me he said he was living happily with his wife; I argued with him, and eaid that after being married for three years he should think of better things; 1 only had one conversa tion with him on the subject of the divorce ; about a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leaving my bedroom; Bertrand camc into my room whilst I was washing the baby ; he said, ' Stay a minute, I have something to say to you'; he told me to sit down on the side of the bed, ana asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder; I eaid I had ; he paused a little and then said, ' Kinder aid not shoot him eelf — be said 1 shot him;' I replied, 'You must be mad to say such a thing;' he said, No, I am not mod — I tell you I did shoot him ;' I said, ' But how cruel of you todo so, 'audi put upmyhandBtp my face; be pulled them down again ; I was crying, and he said, ' Don't cry, 1 don't regret what I have done;' he said Kinder was in his way; he said he would do the eame thing to any man who stood in his way ; ho warned mo not to tell his wife what he had told me ; I remomber nothing else that occurred at that time ; he said he was jealous of Kinder, and that Ira loved Mrs. Kinder very dearly ; when he said he shot him, he eaid he put the pistol m his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he throw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbour ; he did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him ; I was told so, but not by Mr. Bertrand ; when 1 remonstrated with him, he said, ' you need not be so hard upon me—Kinder was going to shoot me, and bad bought a gun to do so ' ; he did not say from whom he had heard that ; he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it ; he said, ' we planned it' ; he said that more than himself planned it ; we aid not mention Mrs. Kinder's name in that conversa tion ; about three weeks after I had another conversation with him in the dining-room ; his wife was present, but ehe was asleep on the sofa ; Bhe used to sleep a great deal ; I thought it was not natural sometimes ; it was more like stupor ; he then entered into conversation abrat the divorce from bis wife; he used to beat his wife most brutally ; this 1 observed whilst staying in the house ; speaking of the divorce, 1 told him how wrong his con duct wss ; his treatment of his wife was everything that was bBd, wicked, and cruel ; ho attempted her life two or three limes whilst I was in the house ; he said he must many Mrs. Kinder ; he said, ' I don't want to kilt Jane,' meaning his wife, but if I cannot grt a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with Borne respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce 1 asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrving that woman; he eaid be could not give ber up; I said 'She roust be a bad * women, to be cognisant of the death of her husband ; she could sot make you a good wife ;' I said shemust be a bad woman ; ho answered 11 Yea, 1 know Bhe is a bad woman he said that was why he must marry her— because she was a wicked woman; he eaid he would make a second Lucrctia of her; he then paused, and, leaning over me; whispered, 'Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him; be Bflid she (pointing to 'his wifo 0& the sofa) gave him the poison ; he said the poison would never be dig-* covered, and that he had' enough poison in the house to kill linlr Ibc |-euplc in bydrcy; lie i-aifl it wan very likely (but before I went lo Urifcbano I should see Lis wife's Juieral ; several timet, be has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghbfct, and when he saw the colour of liquors on the (able, rtft iTrd lo il as blood ; at ono time ho said bb loved hire. Kinder dearly, wid at other limes suid sho knew every wicked deed that could bo committed, and that sho waa a devii's imp; bo also said sho wa« a clever woman; oi.e light he attempted to murder his wifo, about a month ngo ; I was in llio house at tho timo ; he had been oui, and csmc home at about 1 o dock in the morning ; ho would never allow Mrs. liortrand a will of her own in the houso; sho was very frightened of him ; speaking cf some subject— I cannot remember what — Bertrand and his wife were talking and the dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited ttate and eaid her time had come — that sho must die ; he took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a lifr-preni vcr, and said ho wanted to measure tho exaol spot whore ber brain was, so that he could lull her with one blow : she said, ' Don't kill mo, you promised mo on your word of bouour that you would not kill mo he then ? aised the stick to strike, and I interfered, pleaded that f«r his mother's, for the children's sake, for all their sakes. he would forbear ; he told me not to look at him or speak to bim, and said ' go out of tho room or I wiii brain you 1 went out of the room with fear and trembling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth ; 1 tried to call out, but could not ; 1 thought he would murder her ; after 1 loll tho room ho (hut the door ; I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs, 1 was so faint I could not walk then ; 1 called for Bridget, tbe servant, and when she came up I said, Bridget, there is something dreadful happening in the pailour ; whilst 1 was speaking to her the handle of tho door was turned, and 1 got up to tho first landing of the stairs ; whilst sitting there I heard them saying something ; my brother said, ' Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery,' end she asked what for ; he said, ' 1 want you o write on this piece of paper that you arc tired of your life and that you poisoned yoursolf by your own hand she said, ' No, 1 shall not write it ;' he said, ' I will make you sbe said, 'You may pour the poiEon down my throat, but I will not write anything before tho conversation b^gau my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was on tho stairs I heard him say to Jane 'Drink tbat,' meaning the brandy and water that be had pouted out for me ; ho said drink it up ; she drank it; Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for ihe night ; Mrs. Bertrand and I slept together ; she slept with me tho whole timo 1 was there except one night ; there was then a stranger, a ladv visitor, in the house ; Mrs. Beitrand, when sho got into the room, sat down on a chtiir quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep ; 1 thought it was strange she should fall asleep so feon alter so exiting a scene ; it was about ten minutes after drinking tho brandy and water; on two other occasionr he attempted her life ; after the first con versation with my brother relative to Ihe death of Kinder, Mrs. Bertrand asked mc why I was looking so pale — what was the matter with mc ; I said I had heard told something by Henry that 1 could scarcely believe to bo true; sbe said, what did he say to you ? I said he told mo tbat he shot Mr. Kinder; I asked her, Is that true r she raid Yes ; this was in the dining room : on the afternoon of the someday that my brother told me he had shot Kinder, she said, You know Hemy and Mrs. Kinder and 1 aro constantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, on one purticular morning, Henry said, 'You must go over to the rCorth Shore;' she said Hcmy had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder ; in reference to shooting him, ehe one day, in the parlour, warned Mrs. Kinder about this, that Bert rand was going, or bad threatened, to kill him; Mrs. Kinder said, ' Tell him yourself ;' Mrs. Bertrand said, 'No— if it was my husband that was to be shot 1 should tell him myself , and think I had a right to do it the reply was something to that effect ; she eaid that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (Mrs. Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in conse quence of this ; she said they were living a comfortable life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce; she being tired of the ill-treatment she had been receiving : ehe then told me that, on one particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl) ; she did not wish to go that morning, because it was raining, and the baby would get wet ; be .said she must go, and they did go ; she said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder ; Mr. Bertrand was walking np and down the room very fast; and she noticed that he kept his gloves on and one hand in hispocket; she said, 1 think, ehortly after, Bertrand and Kinder were talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand; she further said that Mrs. Kinder and herself were standing at the window looking out when tbey beard the report of a pistol, and on turning round she saw Mr. Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol d roj- from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table; Mrs. Kinder ran out of the room; Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, putit to her head, and said if Bhe did not go into the room he would blow her brains out ; Mrs. Kinder came into the room; Bertrand then took hold of Mrs. Bertrand's arm and made her face Mr. Kinds:; she told me the blood was then flowing from the wound, and that Bertrand's fingers netrly met in the fledh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left lor three weeks afterwards ; he said, ' Now look at him — look at him well making her look. ' 1 wish you always to see him before you ; ' she said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs. Bertrand) nurse and attend tipon him ; she said she was doing all she could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband had done; Mrs. Kinder and Bertxand during nearly the whole time were acting in an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists; sometime alter the shot was fired she was looking round (he room and said she saw something lying against the wainscoat, and found it to be a bullet flattened ; she said, ' Mr. Bertrand ran to me and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, saying, ' This is just what 1 n anted ;' ' she said she had been attending upon Mr. Kinder two or three days, when be was improving ; ehe said that Mr. Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live— that he must be poi soned ; she said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious and more sensible; that Mrs. Kinder went up^fe him and said, 'Why were you so aruel as to Bhoot yourself?' he said, ' 1 did not shoot myself ;' she eaid subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him; that was all that she said to me that I recollect ; I said I must leave the home after what she had told me; she begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the home she would be murdered, as he wonld think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so 1 remained ; 1 should have left on other occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go; he said he weuld not he such a fool ; when I first come there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs. Bertrand's back whilst she was dressing ; they had all the appearance of bums or scalds, and speaking of them she said. Did you see these marks? I eaid yes. She said, 'Well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out,' and ehe said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as il tbe flesh had been torn oflj and she also had a black eye ; she told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had slabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blade ; and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood ; sinoc she made the confession about the ill treatment, she eaid that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow bim to kiss her, if necessary ; this he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left ; I wished her veiy much to go to some magistrate and confess what Bhe had told me ; I said, 'If you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might be hanged ;' she said, ' No, 1 would never be hung, I would poison myself she refused to go to a magistrate ; two or three times I have said 1 would go, and would bring the police to the house ; she would not allow me to go, ana raid that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad ; indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Defries that I was mad ; I told it to Defries, and after that went to Captain M'Ler e about the case ; I often thought my brother was mad, from the way he went on ; Mrs. Bertrand on one occasion stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the house before I came from Melbourne ; she did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs. Kinder was there, Bertrand always ill-treated her (Mrs. Bertrand) ; that when Mrs. Kinder wss away, he never attempted her life ; she ako said that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs, Bertrand) to sleep 4n the same room with Mrs. Kindet and himself ; he took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed, and lay down with them both; she said that Bertrand end Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed; one day when we were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said 'You see me in very disadvantageous circumstances;' I said, ' I wonder how you dare to look at me or address me in my brother's absence ;' this was all that was said, aa some one came into the room at the time ; Mrs. Kinder shortly aftor west away to Bathurst. Cross-examined by Mr Boberfs : I and my brother were not upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him ; it is not a fact that he, at seme time, whilst I was residing with him, refused to assist me in pecuniary matters ; I have never quarrelled with him in consequence of hiB refusal to purchase articles of wearing apparel from me ; I do not recollect saying to him ' you refuse to purchase things for me, but you spend money on Mrs. Kinder ; ' I cud not tell my brother, before 1 knew any thing of the death of Kinder, that I had dreamed of his death, or of the wav in which it was brought about ; no allusion of the kind was made; after prisoner told me that he had shot Kinder, I might have related to him that my sister (Mrs. Bright, of Melbourne), on reeding the report in the Herald, had said how silly it was to lend pistols to a man who had threatened to shoot himself; Bertrand never told me that he had lent Kinder the pistol; the remark arose out of the report in the paper ; 1 said that 1 often thought my brother was mad from the way in which he went on ; I did not say that De fries said so; I have said to Mr. Defries that I thought my brother must be a lunatic, or heconld not have done and eaid what he had ; when my brother mentioned the circumstance first he said that he1 had -shot him; my brother was calm at the time he said'so; ho did not say that Kinder died; he' merely eaid that he had shot him; my. brother might have used the -word die in many conversations, but he did not use ltin tho first ; l.c olliii xiaUd that people believed that Kinder had die! l.y hi* nun band; in one conversation he (Bertrand) lc*ud over lo me, and said that he did not die by the ?-bit; tL&t; conversation took place about three or four wriks ago; at Ihe timo that Beitrand stated that to mn I thought that Mrs. Bortrsnd was asleep; i-lic was in a kind of stupor; she used to go \- (f iuto Uions sleeps that would last soma hoars ; Bertrand &Bkrd; me not lo mention to hla wife that he had said he had fehcit Kinder ; 1 mentioned to his wife that he said to me rbat before I left for Brisbane, which I was. then shortly bboiit to do, tbat I shotild see Mrs Bertrand's funeral ; that wes thrco weeks after Mrs. Bertrand told me that prisoner bad shot Kinder; in one conversation he told me that de ceased did not die by the shot, but that ' we poisoned him ;' all ibat conversation tookjplaoe on the same night ; 1 did cot f-]r.cak to Mtb. Bertrand about it the same i.iclit, as tho conversation took place at about haJl-paat 12 o'clock, and Mrs. Bertrand was so dre«-y (hat I could not talk to her ; I cannot swear that it wee the neit moraing that I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand about « bat her husband had said ; 1 always told her what Bert rand said ; 1 wished to protect Mrs. Bertrand ; in fact, that was what I stayed ia the house for, and I must also say tliatl stayed partly for fear of my life; whenever 1 tried lo shelter Mis. Bertrand in any way, her husband always Eeciaed to have some revenge against me; evon if Mrs. Bertrand only took a fork up at ? the table, and ho told her not lo do so, it. would give ofienoe, and if I said anything in Alts. Bertrand'a favoar be would show his spite at me ; wo wui always in dread of our lives; in fact, 1 had not a moment's peace in the house since I heard of tho murder ; ray brother did not appear anxious to got me out of tho house, but quite Ihe costraiy, and when 1 wasted to go he always hindered mo ; he always professed to bs very fond of me, and said I waa his favourite sister ; although he professed fondness for me he did not show it by his xuB&ner; ; ho was often vory eccentric ; cvoa in gaping he would m.it&te; the roar of a tiger, and had done it in the strict ; he always profaned to have an idea thathecould xsesmerise people; on one occassion, when wc were spend ing the evening at Mr. Defries', Bertrand acted in a verv ccoentrio manner all the night ; ho put his fingers up to his bead to make horns, and he said he was the devil ; be eaid he could call up Kinder's ghost in tho room ; of course I did not expect that he could do such a thing, but the horror of knowing what I did affected me, and 1 went into hysterics ; Bertrand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased did not die by the shot, but that 'we poisoned him;' I believe Bertrand was a temperate man ; from all that I bavc observed, he was; when heeaid, ' We poisoned him,' I did not question him about it ; he said he gave Kinder tho poison, or that he had a poison that could not be detected ; subsequently, Bertrand said, that the poison he gave Kinder, or that he (Bertrand) had, oouid not be detected ; I understood him at first, when ho said ' we,' that it was not Bertrand alone who had poisoned him: frr'm his langn8gc afterwards, I inferred that Bertrand iimsolf had poisoned deceased ; Bertrand did not say that bo had poisonod Kinder, but that Kinder had poicon ; I will swear that he did not say that be cave Kinder the poison himself, he said 'we' gave it to nim, and he eaid whilst Mrs. Bertrand was asleep on the sofa, and, pointing to her, ' and she mixed it ;' no did not tell roe that his wife kssw whether it was poison or not ; I bavc no doubt that Mrs. Bertrand was asleep when he pointed to her ; from what he said, Mrs. Bertrand, I should conclude, might be wholly innocent, and not have known what it was she mixed ; he did not say that he compelled bis wifo to mix the poison ; I have generally a good reoollection, but 1 havo gone through a frest deal lately; I remember all that was said y Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand about Kinder because it was of a nature that I could not easily forget il ; all Mrs. Ber tiand said to me about my brother I can remember ; I did not say to Mrs, Bertrand, ' Mr. Kinder did not die by the the! — he wss poisoned ;' when 1 spoke to Mrs. Bertrand, end mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and eaid ' She mixed it,' Mrs. Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and said 'he's a liar;' that was Ihe same morning, or the morning after that Mr. Bertrand had ppoken about her mixing the poison ; I have not stated thie before to-day ; it escaped my recollection ; previously to this Mrs. Bertrand had told me that she had mixed the poison ; I did not know what to believe ; I couid not understand it ; 1 am not mixing up what Bertrand said villi what Mrs Bertrand said ; she had previously told me that she had mixed the poison because her husband com pelled her; I did not say anything when Mrs. Bertrand stamped ber foot and said 'He's a liar;' 1 was astounded, and I did not like to speak to her,— I did not know what to tay ; I will swear that 1 did not sav ' Well, I'll tell Henry what yon ssy ;' I won't swear that she said ' He's a liar, and I'll tell him 60 ;' the words 'I'll tell him bo,' might have been eaid, and have escaped my recollection ; I positively swear that I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, ' For God's sake don't, for he told me not to tell you ' when ehe said 'He's a liar; my brother did not 'im- plore' me, he only 'asked' mc not to tell his wife that be had told me that he had shot Kinder; I did tell her -what be said ; there was an interval of three weeks be tween the two conversations in which Bertrand told me that be bad shot Kinder and when he told me that he had poisoned him ; I could not have mentioned bath conversations to Mrs. Bertrand at the same time; I never heard Mrs. Bertrand speak in unkind terms of Kinder, but quite the other way ; she always spoke in very kind terms of Kinder ; she never said 'I was present at tbe poisoning of Kinder ; ' Mrs. Ber trand eaid thdt ehe turned round when she saw the pistol falfcg from Ae hands of Kinder ; sue might have said that she fainted afterwards; she repeated things tint occurred shortly after Kinder was shot, and she therefore could not have been long unconscious, supposing she had fainted ; Mis. Bertrand mentioned to me, by way of complaint, that on one occasion Mrs. Kinder slept in the* same bed with Bertrand and herself; she said that Bertrand made her lie in bed; that Mrs. Kinder then came in and that they had improper inter course ; on another occasion she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and slept on the floor ; I heard that Bertrand wanted his wife to write dawn on a piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that she had taken poison ; she refused to do o; at another lime, Mrs. Bertrand told me that her I husband wished her to go and buy stiychnine, and that ebe refoBed to go ; Mrs. Bertrand said she would not be such a fool, and that if he wanted it, he could write it down and send for it ; this was after Kinder's death, and while 1 was staying in the house ; Bertrand often tola me, at that time, that he had a great mind to murder Mrs. Bertrand and say I had done it ; I know that Mre. Bertrand has been to tbe Inspector-General's office, and given imfonnation respecting this matter ; I never saw Mrs. Bertrand interfere in her husband's business as ,to the poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons ; after I told her what my brother bad said, 1 told her that she ought to tell what she knew to a magistrate — that if she didnot confess, very likely tie woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (lire. Bertrand) would be hanged ; she said, ne could not be hanged— she had nothing to fear — she had done no wrong ; Mis. Bertrand as well as my brother told me that Kinder was poisoned ; she said Hemy forced her to mix tbe poison, and Mrs. Kinder (gave it him ; ehe never told me for what purpose it wss mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. By Mr. Robberds : In the conversations I have spoken about in evidence to-day, Mrs. Kinder was not present. By Mr. Butler : When I spoke of not being on friend! y terms with my brother, 1 mean to say I differed with him as to the eenree he took with regard to Mrs. Kinder, and what he wanted me to do in the matter. Mary Agnes Robertson was recalled and examined; after which, the further hearing was adjourned till this morning:. Mr, Roberts again applied that Mrs. Bertrand might be allowed hail, but it was refused. [Continued on page 9.] Iaw and Police. — The cases heard and adjudged in tbe Eeveral courts during the week (excepting tho alleged murder case at the U ater Police Court) nave been unim portant, consequently, being pressed for space, we omit the reports. Moubkhjl Occurrence : Theee Women Poisoned AT BEI6UANE WiTEK ; AND TWO OT1IEB TEUSONS NUT extectbd to SURVIVE. — Intelligence of a most distressing disaster reached Sydney on Thursday, to tho effect that three women — Mies Gilligan, Mrs. Fagan, and Miss Margaret i-aean — died at GoBford, Brisbane Water, on Wednesday, as the result of their having taken poison. It is also stated tbat another daughter ana a son of Mr. and Mrs. Fagan are likewise suffering from the effects of poison, and that no hope can be entertained of their recovery. The particulars relating to the cause of this dreadful catastrophe have not as yet been definitely ascertained ; but, as it is understood, there is some reason to suppose that it is the result of accident. It is considered probable that a quantity of stiychnine used en the station for poisoning native dogs had, by some mischance, become mixod with the flour, and that thus, in the form of bread or of pastry, it has been consumed by the deceased. However this may be tbe Acts of this painfii! incident will, no donbt, be dis closed at the investigation, which will have to take place before the Coroner's conrt. It may be mentioned that Mr. Fagan, in ridingfrom Brisbane Water to fetch a doctor, was thrown from his horse, and his arm was broken. Miss Gilligan and Mrs. Fagan were the sisters of Mr. Michael and Mr. Edward Gilligan, butchers, carrying on business in George- street, near the Haymarket, and the farmer went on a visit to her sister (Mrs. Fagan) about a fortnight ago. Coffins were dispatched on Thursday in which to bring up the remains of the deceased, and arrangemenlR have been made with Mr. Manning for one of the lllawarra Steam Naviga tion Company's vessels to call in at Brisbane Water this morning. The bodies, when brought to Sydney, will be conveyed to the church of St. Joseph (within St. Mary's Cathedral). The family te which the deoeased all belonged have long been resident in Sydney, and it is believed are widely known and respected. The news of their terrible bereavement will awaken the eincerest sympathy with the relatives of the deceased, and all must deeply deplore the untimely death of the unfortunate sufferers. Melancholy akd Fatai Accident. — A very sad occurrence took place on Thursday at Middle Harbour. The children of St. James's Sunday schools were on that day treated to an excursion at that place, and it unfortunately happened that one of the scholars — a little fellow named ftichftrd Biroh — was accidentally drowsed when bathing. The body of the poor child, which waa only recovered with considerable difficulty, - was removed to ius parents' resi dence, Fo. 05, Judgo-street. It will be imagined that this unfortunate casualty threw a' gloom over the festivities of what otherwise would have been' a joyous holiday. Deceased's father, Mr, Richard Birch, Is a master mariner. THE ALLEGED MURDER CASE. [Continued from page 4.] VIOLENT DEATH OF HENRY KINDER. The hearing of this case before the Water Police Magis trate and Mr. O. R. Elliott, J.P., was resumed. Mary Agnes Robertson (whose examination in chief was concluded on 'Wednesday) deposed : I have known Mrs. Kinder for about eighteen months, having first become acquainted with her at tho North Shore, where my sister resides ; I was introduced to Mr. Bertrand before Kinder's death, but after hiB death I became more intimately ac -craaintcd with Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand; after Kinder's ?death I went to eee Mrs. Kinder at Bertrand's house, where the was staying ; they visited at mv hoiiBo some time after -that ; Bertrand came first with Mrs. Kinder, and twice bertrand came alone in the afternoon; I have seen the voting man (Jackson) who waa prosecuted some time ago ty Bertrand ; about a fortnight after Kinder's death, Ber ? -trend, in conversation, when Mrs. Kinder was present, spoke about a divorce from his wife and about m&nying; Mrs. Kinder ; he spoke of this on one if net two occasions; I said 'I think it very wrong, I do not see why you should have a divorce from your wife Mrs. Kinder was . present on one occasion when I eaid it was veiy wrong, and she made no remark ; but I do not think she was present on any occasion when there was a conversation with me about Kinder's death ; I c .tiled at Bertrand's house to . inquire if it was true tbat Kinder had shot himself; Mrs. Bertrand was not at home, and Bertrand told . me that Kinder was fitting en a chair near the piano, and that the two ladies were at the window arrang ing flowers in a bonnet when he shot himself; he also told tne that he bought a pair of pistols for Kinder to fight a duel with Jackson, and that it was with one of these pistols . that he shot himself ; I said it was very silly of him to buy pifctols for that purpose ; Bertrand said he had gone . over, or had been over, to practise with Kinder in firing at bottles; in the next conversation he was talking about the . divorce, and said that Kinder did not shoot himself; this vas in my house ; I had been at his place, and he accom panied me home ; he would not allow me to leave at all .. until a late hour, and then insisted upon accompanying me borne; 1 told him I did not wish to hear anything more about tbe shooting of Kinder; he said 'It is true, I did shoot him — Kinder did not shoot himself.' He said he oould not give up Mrs. Kinder, as he was in her power ; he eaid be threw the pistol into the sea, and that it was Mrs. Kinder's wish that Kinder was shot whilst Jack son wss in the house, so that he might be blamed for it ; ?on one occasion, when Bertrand, Mrs. Bertrand, and Mrs. jCerr were at my house, after the conversation I have spoken of they remained for the night ; Mrs. Kerr retired io bed before supper, and Mr. ana Mrs. Bertrand had -supper; whilst at supper Bertrand took out of his porte jnoxinaie a small card with some figures in lead pencil ?written on it ; threw it on the table and wished his wife to take it up; I think the word ' gaslight' was printed on, with some figures in pencil ; he desired her to look at it well ; he said 4% Jane, do you hear?' she eaid, ' Henty, don't, don't;' he told her to take the card in her hand, and asked her if she recollected it ; she turned very pale, and commenced dying ; she took up the card after being told to do so several times ; he then told me to take the card and look at it ; I asked him why I was to look at it ; he said be cause it was the card tliAt Kinder had in his hand when be was shot ; we then went into the drawing-room, when he commenced raving, and, falling on the floor, called out, 'Helen, Helen, come and dress' ; be also said, ' Jane, are you asleep?' and called for his assistant to fetch Helen from Mrs. Macintosh's ; X do not think he was in ti fit ; he called out, ' Bring the milk and mix the poison — I say, Men, you gave it him — I fay 5 ou are to give it to him.' He said, 'Dont wring your hands, he feels nothing now;' Bertrand then oom plained that he was not well, having a pain in hie head ; 1 hcaid of Kinder living sonic days, and then dying on the Friday, I -binV ; that day I saw Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder driving in a patent safety towards the Haymarket ; this was the Friday after I heard of Kinder shooting himself between 2 and 3 o'clock ; I observed them laughing as they drove in the cab ; I was at the house at the North Shore on the afternoon of the day that Kinder died, and was going to Kinder's when I saw them driving along the street ; she -came in whilst I was at the house ; Mrs. Bowden and Mrs. Johnson were at the house ; before dhe came, they asked to be allowed to see Mr. Kinder, but the answer was that the doctors would not allow him to be seen ; ?I recollect Mrs. Kinder leaving the room, saying 6he was unwell and must go to bed ; afterwards ehe came in, when Mrs, Bowden and Mrs. Johnson had gone, and said sh-? did cot went to sit with them ; Bertrand and Mrs. Bertrand ?were at my house the night before ; when I heard him say ie would go next day and say he shot Kinder ; I saw that fdre. 'Kinder looked unwell and pale, and asked her why, or wby Bertrand speke in that manner ; she told me that Bertrand would go and say so : she said he should not say «o,or something to that effect ; I said, ' I do not think he wuld do such a thing,' or, 44 why should he say so' ; she said tho thought he would do 60 ; next day, 1 saw them et Darlinghuret Court-house ; Bertrand was shaking Mrs. Kinder by the wrist in the courtyard, and I heard him say ihat she annoyed him by laughing at Jackson, and ?that she wished to go to Jackson in the dock; I remember Eertrand saying that the pistol produced on the inquest was not the one that ehot Mr. Kinder. Thursday, 7th. Francis Arthur Jackson deposed: I lived in New . Zealand for fourteen years, and was a squatter there ; I knew Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand subsequent to her mar riage, and also knew Mr. Kinder ; there was an intimacy between myself and Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand, and I bad correspondence with her there ; the letters produced are in my handwriting, and were sent from me to her ; I never gave them to Bertrand myself, and if they were found in his popscssion X do not know how they came there ; I saw ?them in Mrs. Kinder's possession after I had written them to her ; I had lettereof hers written to me about the same time; 1 did not know her before she was married to Kinder ; \- about half a year ago I came to Sydney, and I then went to reside with Mr. and Mrs. Kinder at the North Shore ; . after three weeks this intimacy was renewed ; I first met Bertrand at Kinder's house, and had then been there about . a week or eight days ; he frequently visited the house whilst I was there; after X haa left I called one day and ' recollect that a letter came enclosing a diamond ring, brought by Bertrand's -assistant ; thiR is the letter with regard to which 1 put some questions when upon my. trial ; I am not certain that she showed me the letter, but I read it ; it was signed ' Louis,' or 'Your own Louis,' I cannot remember distinctlv; she went to Sidney that day immediately afterwards ; 1 wanted to ascertain whether she really cared for Bertrand ; I was not living in the house at this time, nor was I living at Bertrand's ; 1 asked her if she really cared for Bertrand, and she answered in a joking kind of manner, giving no positive answer at that time ; I resided at Kinder's about two months ; once on mv trial, and once somewhere else, I beard Bertrand say 1 was removed by Kinder— that it was Kinder's wish that I should be removed — that that was the reason for Kinder's family coming to live over at Syd ney at Bertrand's, so as to cause me to leave the place ; during a conversation with Mrs. Kinder, as she 6aw Beitrand coming in, she said I had better go ; I said no, X thought not, and Bertrand came into the room; I asked . her when he was there which of the two men she preferred ; Beitrand would not speak to me at first ; he said she ought to undeceive me at once ; he said it was not right for me to go on supposing that Mrs. Kinder did care for me : he asked Mrs. Kinder if she cared for him, and she bowed ner head ; afterwards, he told me that Mrs. Kinder ?had cared for hi™ for a long time, and had ceased to care for tne; he then went on to say he wished to remove from iny mind any idea that Mrs. Kinder had cared for me from the moment die saw him, seeming to acknowl dge that Hrc. Kinder had liked him from the very first time Bhe saw him ; he afterwards told me that there was an intimacy existing between them of the same sort that had existed between her and me — an illicit intimacy ; he told me that he liked her much better tb-m I did, that his int- niacy had reached its climax— not speaking more directly that ; I told hfrn at this time what the nature of my intimacy with Mrs. Kinder was — that it was of a similar ?kind to that he had ; when the conversation took place be tween the three of us Mrs. Kinder informed roc in fact that there was an illicit intimacy between herself and Bertrand ; I saw the report of the inquest when I was at WestMait . taulj and the conversation X spoke of took place about three dan before tbat ; it was long before tbia conversation that X had gone to live at Kinder's house ; at Bertrand's house, io which he invited me about a fortnight before the death of Kinder, Beitrand, his wife, and myself were in the dining room, and the conversation turned upon Mrs* Kinder, when Bertrand said in tftfr presence of his wife that he loved Mrs. Kinder ; he was then talking up and down the Iwtn veiy fast and appeared to be much excited ; he he would do anything for her— that no woman had .acquired such a power over bim before; Mrs. Bertrand appeared to be depressed and unhappy ; he said he looked °pon Helen as his wife ; X remember Bertrand saying it was a bad thing for him that his wife was virtuous, because .tig&ve; him no way of getting rid of her ; I do not remem ber whether Mrs. Bertrand was present when he said this ; at another conversation, which took place in the bedroom whilst I . was lying in bed ftT|d he standing at the ?®®ji he reiterated how very fond he was of Mrs, Kinder ; ^ud he could do anything for her, and told me that after X 'wait — I was going away, as he thought to leave the colony 7*1 must not be surprised at anything I might hear ; he tad given me some money to go away, and lie said, ' You ywild not like to be implicated in a charge wr the murder of Kinder I said, ' No, | think not, X should flifalr it impossible he said if I stayed in Sydney I might be charged with being explicated in Kinder's murder or something of tbat kind ; he said in a joking kind of manner ; this was the last yght I was there, ana about a fortnight before Kinder's flwh ; I said it was impossible, aad he said there were , stranger things in the country ^nn that, and then JJjJfed again to my former intimacy with Mrs. Kinder ; he ' jom me that in a year or two he would many her ; I said as impossible that he could be] married, her husband TCng alive ; he replied, ' all things are possible, and time wul sho w it ; * * he said Kinder was u rapidly killing himself . with drink, and that if drinking not kill him other ineajs (or thingB) would ; ' Kinder often UBed to go to ?wm s to drink ; I do not know any instance of Bertr&nd; him from drinking, nor have X seen him it farther tbayi going with Mm ; .£**ud the best thing X could do was to go away from Gyufley ; and he'offerea to pay my passage' to Melbourne ; *f. JPf®J hfiW the threat over me that if I did not go X S3? TV,*® *®plicated In Kinder's death, . and .remarked 'wjaething about the Devil having a strong will;. Mrs, duBfitt appeared to treat it as out of the question that ishe tbcmld be hie wife ; I beard her say that Bertrand was very fond of her and wanted lo marry her, but that it was out of tbe gucttion; X did not goto Melbourne, but up the country lo West Maitland, and whilst tbero I saw an account, of the'inquest ; I had been away from Sydney a few days or a week ; I then wrote the letter produced ; on my trial I heard Bertrand say he had received this letter, and that was the letter X was prosecuted for sending; and for which I am now undergoing sentenoe. [The | letter was read. Xt was dated West Maitland, 10th October, 1865, and commenced : 44 1 am shocked, horrified, astounded at this denouement of your plans.' Xt continued : 'I little thought when you told mo not to be surprised at anything after my departure, that it would end in this' Be further said : ' I nave read tho evidenoe, and noticed the discrepancies in it. ♦ * * Had tho jury known dne- half that X oould tell them, this would ring through the whole of the civilised world.' He also saya: 'I would not stand in your shoes at tin's moment for all the wealth, rank, riches, and beauty it is in the power of the world to bestow. As for the accomplice and accessory, X pity as 'much as blame her.' He goes on . M You are aware that twice in the course of your evidence you were guilty of wilful and cor luct pcijury, and a few words of mine to a magistrate or the police would be sufficient to bring about a search into the a flair, end cause you more trouble than yon can conceive.' The letter proceeds : ?' I seem to be a sort of accessory by the mere fact of concealing what I know, and still more what X suspect. That feeling is growing stronger every hour, end will burst forth unless you give me the means to get to some other lend, where X may forget the horrors of this. I could not remain in a country where such a fearful tragedy was enaoted.' The writer says : u On the receipt of this send me £20, and I will get away by the Tararua, and will never return.' He says, ' You think I can prove nothing, but you are mistaken.' He conclude by saying, ' I consider you two ore now one in everything,' and signs ' F. A. J.'] X was piwecutcd upon that as for sending a threatening letter, end am now undergoing sentence; one of the pas te g-« in the evidence that 1 state in that letter to be pequry was that in which he said Kinder had no cause for jealousy egaintt Bertrand,— and next, in reference to his holding ir religious opinions, and that he drank very hard ; I do not believe Bertrand dissuaded him from drinking, but I cannot swear tbat he encouraged him ? when I left Sydney Ber trand did not know whether X was leaving the colony or sot ; when X left him X did think of going to Melbourne, on my way to New Zealand, and I did not inform him of my change of purpose ; this letter was the first intimation he had of my 'not having gone to Melbourne. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : X was convicted upon that letter, which is callcd a threatening letter ; I wanted to go away from the country, and wrote that on the spur of the moment when X read the evidence en the inquest; 1 was cot defended by counsel ; Kinder drank freely in New Zealand; I spoke to Bertrand about Mrs Kinder before his admissions to me ; and aftor he mentioned his intimacy with her, I might have told him that Mrs. Kinder was in my power ; X do not remember saying that Kinder was in my power because of some defalcations in New Zealand ; to my knowledge he was not guilty of any defalcations ; I mentioned about Kinder owing me a sum of money before he mentioned to me his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and X dare say X told him that Kinder used to be dreadfully jealous of me; X think I told him that Kinder had threatened to shoot me (or rather I think Kinder told him so in my presence) on account of a private quarrel X had in New Zealand ; but X stayed et his house in New Zealand after this quarrel ; X do not remember saying X had him in iny power with regard to money affairs with me; X was in tne habit of drinking with Kinder in New Zealand ; I used to drink hard ; we used to drink to see which could stand the most liquor, and sometimes he used to 6ee me under the table ; X used to diink with him before X knew Mrs. . Kinder, and afterwards ; X had a strong regard lor Mrs. Kinder soon after my acquaintance with her; when I drank excessively with Kinder first my object was not to impair his health, or to get rid of him by his death, or by separation from hiB wife ; after my inti macy with Mrs. Kinder commenced I had an objectin getting him to drink to excess — that was to get him stupid eo as to Bfford me opportunities for interviews or intimacy with Mrs. Kinder ; the human mind is very base ; I was base enough for that; by constant drinking with him X thought it would shorten his days; it would shorten any body's days. Captain Cloete : I did not drink with him for the express purpose of shortening his days. By Mr. Roberts : X will not swear that X did not men tion the circumstances and my objects to Bertrand ; but I am aware he must have known them aU ; Bertrand did say on one occasion that X had better go out of the colony or X might be implicated in Kinder's murder ; I was out of employment for most of the time X was here, and Ber trand assisted me a little in a pecuniary way ; I will not swear that on one occasion X did not tell Bertrand that it was my intention some day to marry Mrs. Kinder ; X was constantly with her in the day time ; it was in New Zealand that he wanted to fight me with pistols ; he was jealous of me ; he was drink ing at the time, and I was partially drunk ; this happened in the bank ; when X wrote this letter X knew that Bertrand had stated to me his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and X had heard him speak of his wife as a virtuous woman ; X do not believe I waa thinking of Mrs. Kinder when in that letter I spoke of ' beauty,' but X thought she was an accessoiy and accomplice when I spoke of her ; I do not in that letter refer to Mrs. Bertrand in any way ; I wrote nothing to the effect that she was a participator in biinging about the death of Kinder, and never did ttelieve it ; X thought Bertrand was an eccentric sort of person from his manner and convocations ; X never heard him say he would be divorced or get a divorce, nor did X hear him say he would leave his wife and go and live with Mrs. Kinder; X teld Beitrand that Kinder owed me £40; X will not swear X did sot tell him it was £132. , By Mr. Robberds : X know nothing about Mrs. Kinder i being an accessory' ; she was present at one of the conver sations I bad with Bertrand— the one in the house; she | was not present at any of those when Bertrand told me 'that Kinder might die ; X remember her saying that she would rather have nothing to do with either of us ; that she intended to do her duty as a wife, or something of that kind ; at that time she requested me to leave her, and not to come - near her again ; she never sought me again, and any interviews I had with her wo* of my own seeking, not hers ; she told me that she feared Bertrand ; said, ' He seems to be a perfect Devil ; ' and spoke of as being able to compel her to do things against her will, having a sort of power of clair voyance over her, or mesmeric influence ; Bertrand often threatened to poison himself ; he did not believe in a hereafter, and Mrs. Kinder was terrified when she asked me to go ; in New Zealand Mrs. Kinder tried hard to prevent her husband from drinking, and also whilst she was here die persuaded him not to drink ; his drinking and his unkina conduct towards her made her unhappy ; Bertrand's letter, in which the diamond ring was sent, re quested Mrs. Kinder to go over and see him, as he was unwell, and she asked me whether she should go or not ; ehe said the would send the ring back to bim ; she was excited and might have said she would -go and speak of it to Mr. Kinder; there is nothing that I know of to criminate her in this chaige beyond the intimacy with Beitrand. Captain Cloete : X never spoke of any of hiB affairs as defalcations ; she seemed to be very undecided about coming to Sydney to see her husband about the ring ; I do not know that I used any influence to induce her to do so. By Mr. Bobberds : She went. Captain Cloete . When X wrote that letter X knew all that I have stated in evidenoe. Mary Agnes Robertson recalled, and cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : I appeared against Bertrand for threatening language he made use of ; he threatened to kill me with a steel at mya own house ; it was on the occasion of a visit with his wife and Mrs. Kerr (his sister) ; they were not present, and Mr. Deffries came in to see what he was doing; he appeared to speak seriously ; X went into the dining-room to fetch an umbrella of my own, but which Bertrand had been using, and whilst I was Etooping I saw the shadow of 6ome one standing near me, and on turning round saw Bertrand standing over me with a steel in his hand; I had given liim no provocation tbat X am aware of ; there had been no cause of quarrel between us up to that moment ; there was nothing but feelings of friendship on each side ; X cannot eay that I was astonished at his threat ; he afterwards said lie would kill me; he had threatened me before with a knife in his own house, in the dining room, in the presence of Mrs. Kerr ; I had_ given him no reason then ; at the Police Office he was directed to find sureties to keep the peace towards me ; in default, to go to gaol for fourteen days ; he has often said to me ' I will kill you;' X was on visiting terms with his family; I did not consider he was joking ; I asked him what I had done that he ehould take my life, that was when he took the steel, and he did not answer me that I remember; it was after the death of Kinder that he fell on the floor, raving and calling for Helen; when he called for Mis. Kinder (Helen) she was not in tbe house ; I knew that she was then at Bathurst ; when he asked Jane if she was asleep she was attending to him Burne, his assistant, was not there ; he cried outj ** Bring the milk— mix de poison— Helen you give it him;' he did not B&y; Jane was to m*T the poison ; X never told Bertrand that X was very fond of him ; he tried to mesmerise me in my own roem one night, and X fancied I felt the effects— a yinrt of galvanic show; Mrs. Kinder was present, hut no one else ; when I felt a dizziness in my eyes, I ran out of the room ; I know he has tried to mesmerise me by follow ing ' me about the place and looking at me ; he compelled me that night to kiss him in the presence of Mrs. Kinder, who said that Captain KobertEon would not come home, and made me feel very unwell; X left Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand, in the dining room, and told him X did not wish to eee him there again ; Mrs. Kinder made him speak to me, and w© became friends ; I fiid it through fear ^ since that on one occasion I have kissed him to save his wife from violence ; he said l( do you intend to do as X bid you' in the presence of, his wife ana Mrs. Kerr, in his bedroom ; I said no ; then he called his wife so that hd might flog her vnth a whip unless I kissed him, and to save her from ? violence, I did so ; on another occasion I saw him beat her with an umbrella without any apparent cause ; X had no consultation with Deffries about placing Bertrand in a lunatic asylum In con sequence, of these proceedings; I have heard Deffries say . he mufijt be insane to go oh &a; ho did ; he said it ina jooular manner; I thought nip eccentricity was to a great extent pretended ; subsequently, when I got home one night X told Mrs. Keif that I would not walk home with Bertrand again, 'as he told, roe such horrible things about a murder ; Mrs. BerUand, lo me, always .appoftr», to be a well conducted woman ia all re epccls, and affectiocalo and attentive to her children ; I have noticed a great change in har * mdcc I first ttw her at Kinder's house at ? the North Shore; ehe always appeared lately to be very Bttch under tbo command of her husband, and very much in fear of him ; when he took out the card at supper he threw it upon the table and addressed his wife in a per cruptory tone; he said. ' Jane, takothat card up; ' X Mis. Bertrand heard him, but she did not wish to taketho card up; he then said, u Jane, do you hear me, take that card up ;' before she took it up she said, ' Don't, Henry, don't;' X wanted to know tho meaning of the card; she took it up and began to cry ; he aaked her if she remem bered the card ; X cannot say whether it was owing to his peremptory manner tbat she wept ; she appeared to be powerless, completely under hip control, and in fear of him; he desired me, but not in so harsh a manner, to look at the cird, and X took it either from the table or from Mrs. Bertrand's hand ; he said he doeired me to look at it, because it waB the card that Kinder had in his hand when he was shot; he hap previously told me that Kinder had shot himself ; he nev£ told me that his wife was a party to the shooting cf Kinder ; he never, in any of his conversations, that X am aware of, implicated his wife either with regard to the ehcoting or the poisoning, if Kinder was poisoned of shot ; nor any one else with regard to the shooting ; I always ob served that his wife was a woman of a quiet mild disposi tion ; X never heard her speak against Kinder or in anger against any one ; X rocoilcct saying to him, ' I will not allow you to look at your wife in that way,' and I kxow he rose and went towards his wife with a knife in bis hand. By Mr. Robberds: I saw Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in tbe cab ; I was perfectly certain it waa her ; X believe Mrs. Kinder told me sbe had been to an hotel about a bailiff who was in her house; she said she went concerning the bailiff to see the master of the hotel, who, I believe she said, held a bill of sale over the farnituro ; I do not remember her raying she went to the hotel to get the bailiff removed ; when I went over to Kinder's bouse she told me tTiia ; ehe appeared dejected and sorrowful for a short time ; she left the room, but soon after came in again ; Mr. Kinder was cot dead then ; the said she only wished to get rid of Mrs, Bowden and Mrs. Johnson, and that that was the reason she eaid she was unwell and obliged to go to her roem ; this was the day on which Mr. Kinder died ; when Bertrand spoke of the divorce, Mrs. Kinder was playing the piano, but not looking at it* and 6he could hear what he 6aid ; it was said quite loualy enough for her to hear; she was not present at any of the other conversations X have related in my evidence, with Bertrand or any one else. The hearing of the charge against Henry Louis Bertrand, Mrs. Beitrand, and Mrs. Kinder was resumed yesterday, before the Water Police Magistrate and Mr. G. ft, Elliott, Sophia Taylor deposed : I was nursegirl in the employ of Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand, and used sometimes to go with them to the North Shore, to Kinder's place ; on the Monday that X heard of Kinder shooting himself X went to the North Shore with Mrs. Bertrand and the baby ; 1 think it was about 4 o'clock when I got there, and X returned about half past 5 o'clock ; on other occasions X usually cume back with them, but on this occasion, when it was raining, I did not ; it was eaid that baby bad a colli, and Mrs. Bertrand sent me home early; X did not hear any directions given to Mrs. Bertrand to send me home; Bertrand said, 'Is Sophy going to take baby home ? ' and Mrs. Bertrand said yes ; that was tbe only time on which X returned by myself; before I heard of Kinder's death 1 aiw Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in the dining-room, she was lying on the sofa, and he wns sitting on the chair beside her ; that was in his house at Wynyard-square ; on the Saturday of Kinder's death X saw them together in the dining-room, and as it was dark X aeked if they would have a light, and Mrs. Kinder raid the liked to be in the dark ; on the day that Mrs. Bertrand's baby was christened, Bertrand asked Mrs Kinder to kisa him ; X laughed ; Mrs. Kinder asked me why I laughed, and Mrs. Bertrand said X might well laugh ;. X have Been him kifs her ; X have seen Bertrand and M re. Kinder up stairs in Mrs. Bertrand's bedroom when no one else was there ; Bertrand was in the aim -chair and Mrs. Kinder was before the glass ; at the North Shore X saw Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in Mrs. Kinder's bedroom ; I saw her come out, and Bertrand came out about a minute afterwards ; there wss no one else there ; X saw them kissing before Kinder's death, more than two months ; it was before Kinder's death that I saw them coming out of his room, at the North Shore ; Kinder was then away at his office ; when I saw them in Bertrand's bedroom it was after Kinder's death, Thomas Buchanan deposed : I am accountant in the Bank of Australasia, and knew the late Mr. Kinder ; X lecollect the day on which he we* reported to have eHet himself ; X crossed with him tb tbe North Shore on that day ; it was by the steamer leaving the Circular Quay at a quarter before 1 o'clock ; the latest time at which X siw him was a few minutes past I o'clock ; it was on Monday, tbe 2nd October ; when X parted with him he appeared by no means under the influence of drink ; X believe he was peifcctly sober; there was no appearance whatever of drinking. Cross-examined bj[ Mr. Roberta : X have met him sevei-al times, in business and on other occasions, but was not an intimate friend of hiB ; that day he asked me to go to his hoase and take a glass of wine, but being engaged I could not go. By Mr. Macphersoa : X never saw bim at any time the woise for drink ; it never occurred to me that there was anything peculiar about Kinder^ ordinary manner. By Mr! Butler : I have known hi'm since the City Beck opened— nealy twelve months. Sophia Taylor, recalled : On the last day that X was at Kinder's, whilst I was there with the baby, 1 did not hear of his shooting himself ; between 4 and half-past 5 X saw Mr. Kinder at his house; he was playing with his little boy in front of the house below the verandah ; that was abiut half-an-hour before X returned with the baby ; I never could tell when he was drunk ; he seemed that day in better spirits than ever X saw him ; he did not seem to me like a man who was drunk. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : As far of X know he might have been drunk, but I could not say ; whilet I was on the verandah I looked at him as he was throwing money to tbe child ; I am fifteen years old on the 18th January next ; I was in the service of Mrs. Bertrand from the 11th March last, and I left last Saturday ; she was a very kind mistress, and veiy fond and affectionate to her children. By Mr. Macpherson: On the evening that Xsaw him playing with the baby X saw Kinder and Bertrand going tut of the house together ; X heard Kinder or Bertrand say tbey were going to Pind's public-house ; I do not know how long they were away ; I saw him playing with the baby before they went there ; I did not take particular notice of him when he returned. William Fester Dind deposed : lama publican residing at the North Shore, my place being about fifty yards from Kinder's house ; I believe the shooting took place on the Monday, but the first X heard of it was on the Wednesday evening: X was at home all the time, and people were coming in and out as usual ; I had not been to Kinder's house until the Wednesday ; on the Monday evening X saw Kinder and Bertrand at my house ; I think it was about 5 or 6 o'clock; X do not think tbey stayed more than ten minutes; I had frequently seen them at my place before having something to drink ; there is no public-house between my house and Kinder's; I do not think Kinder was drunk when he left my place ; X did not see any difference in him then from what he was when there on any former occasion ; X heard them talking while they were there; he nearly always drank beer ; he had only one glass of ale at my house then ; it was colonial ale: he did not appear to be under the influence of drink wnen he left ; he was a man that never would appear to be under the influence of drink; after he drank the glass of ale I t^'n^ Bertrand asked him how many he had had to-day, and X think Kinder made the remark 'It is only the second Bertrand then said ''That won't hurt you ;' I never that X recollect heard Bertrand dissuade from drinking. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : I have not heard Bertrand persuade him to drink ; X have heard him ask him to drink ; they appeared to be u^on friendly terms while they were at my place ; Kinder must have been living there some time before I knew hi™, but I have * known him about six or eight months ; I have seen him on occasions when X believed he was drunk ; on these occasions he used to look a little sleepy, foolish, or drowsy ; I never mixed in his society, snd cannot say whether he was an excitable or irritable man or not, or whether he acted upon impulse ; almost every evening we used to have a talk together ; X never got into; conversation with him about his affairs : he has mentioned to me bis pecuniary embarrassments I think only once ; he appeared to be sober on] that occasion ; this was a good while before I heard that he had shot himself ; it did not appear to me that his manners were strange in any way, upon any occasion, either in reference to his pecuniary em barrassments or otherwise; he never told me that he used to drink hard ; I have never seen bim drink to intoxication in my house, nor have at any time anywhere seen him drink to intoxication ; but I have seen him on occasions when I believed lie was drunk ; I have never seen him, under any circumstances, when he had cause for quarrel ; I have seen him under circumstances when he believed he had cause for suspicion of some perton or thing ; upon one occasion Jack son was there with Kinder, about a month or fortnight before his death— or four or five weeks before ; they were in my place together ; Jackson had been to my house with Kinder drinking together frequently. One evening, when they came the back way through, the house to the bar, about nine or ten o'clock, they had a couple of glasses of ale, and went into the parlour : X was sf aiding at the bar, no one eke being there, and I over* heajd a little of their conversation; Jackson was talking to Kinder about Bertrand, X think; Kinder seemed annoyed upon that occasion. I heard Jackson say something abou Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand, and X heard him remark that Bertrand, in the presence of his wife (Mrs. Bertrand^, had said that he was very fond of Mrs. Kinder, and that if , Kinder was dead he would marry her to- morrow; he said he would get a divorce from Mrs. Bertrand, and marry Mrs* Kinder to-morrow; X could not tell whether that was the beginning or prt of - the con versation ; it was when they spoke in rather a high tone ; I did not listen, it was so tar forccd upon me by the position I wes in ; X was in the bar, and they were in the . parlour next to the bar. Mr. Butler : They conld not eee me at the time. Mr. Roberts : Jackson said Bertrand had, in the presence of his wife, said that if Kinder were deal he would get-a divoroe and marry Mrs. Kinder to-morrow; upon this Jackson added, that if Mrs. Bertrand was his sister he would take her to Bertrand face to face and tell him to tike h£s l,afit look of her, and screw his (Bertr&ad;'s) nock off ; he serfiied to hold Mrs. Bertrand In high eatimatios. I did not see Bertrand anywhere abou& at that time ; Jarkpon always spoke in rather a high tone, rather energeti cally and emphatically, and then he was rather the worse fir [Tquor; Kinder was a man that you could not uli whether he was drunk or not; he wes very drowsy; they talked for some time after wards, and X heard Kinder eay he would get a sepiration ; Jackson advised him not on aooount of his Irttto boy 'Bos ' raying what a fine man he would make ; Jackson begged of him cot to do such a thing; they stayed some timo afterwards, and I went out of the bar ; Kinder had a very soft voice ; he appeared by the manner of his expression to be annoyed; it did not appear to me that the other was working upon his feelings or patience ; they must have been there three-quarters of | en hour or an hour; what X heard must have been about the middle of the conversation ; on the Wednesday, when X | hend that Kinder had shot himself my father when he i came from Sydney asked me if I had heard of it ; X said no, and he then asked me to go round and see if it was nie: X did not like to do so, but I went; X never saw K ndcr after it was reported ttiat he had shot himself ; I ^(ntfor tbat purpose on Wednesday and saw Bertrand; it «as between 4 or 5 o'clock I think ; I went round tho back way and came up to the front door; X did not see Mrs. Bertrand then to my knowledge ; the dogs began to bark, and Bertrand came to the edge of the step of; the verandah, ond I stood on the second step ; X asked him if it was true that Kinder had shot himself ; he said it was ; X cannot be quite certain whether he told me the reason why he shot himself— whether he said it wss owing to some affairs iu New Zealand or not ; Kinder that month, when he had a holiday, eaid, 44 1 owe you something, Diud; I will pay some of it this month' ; I, eaid to Bertrand I was very glad X cid not ask Kinder for it ; I did not say X observed tbat he we* in a desponding state, and I did not, therefore, at-k him for it ; X said he owed me £4, and X made the re mark that X was veiy glad I did not ask him for themoney ; Kinder had not pi evioutly spoken of his pecuniary cmbir I raE&mect; or his difficulty in finding money ; the 1 only thing that he spoke to me about was some money i transaction with Jackson in New Zealand ; this was a long I time before hi6 death ; X used only to see him in tho morn ing and evening, and when he made that reference to Jack 1 son I cannot say whether he was drunk or sober ; beseemed to say Jackson was veiy good to him in the way he behaved i as to this £40 bill: this was before X knew Jackson; he said that Jackson had lent him £40 whilst he was in New Zealand, asd by some mistake or other he had forgotten the 1 time the bill fell due, and that Jackson having no cash sold some of his cattle to meet the bill himself; X think he told ! me ho had paid Jackson, X am not sure ; that he bad made it all right afterwards ; I was not sure that Bertrand assigned to me any reison for Kinder havingshotliimself ; while I was talking to Ber trand at Kinder's house, ou the Wednesday, Kinder ! seemed re if he wished to know who was talking, ond sang | out loud enough for us to hear him; iu fact, whilst I was i talking Bertrand a little above a whisper, Kinder sang out 14 Bertrand,' and when he said that Bertrand said ns I one was allowed to see him ; X think he said, *f the doctors | will not allow anyone to see him ;' X think Bertrand said sometl ing to the effect that he was attending him as well, and therefore I did not ask to 6ee him ; I do not recollect B rtrai d Btating as a causo for Kinder shooting himself, ! that he brought a letter from the Bank of New Zea land applying for payment of an amount something like £250 advanced to him on some property, and that Kinder ! never for a moment thought he owed the bank anything ; it might have been said ; I tbink there was something I said about leaviog a man named Monkton to pay this 1 mortgnge ; I am not sure whether this conversation took I place on the Wednesday evening or afterwards— that he | rented the house for 25s. a wees, and this 25s, was to be 1 paid to the bank in liquidation of the mortgage, and this I man never paid it ; Mrs. Kinder had a woman servant, ! but at the time of my visit I did not see her ; X saw her afterwards ; X believe there was a servant living with him at the time ; shortly after the conversation between Jackfion and Kinder X saw Berlrand come over about II o'clock ; I cannot say as a fact — whether Bertrand did or did not attend to his business as usual from the Monday afternoon ; X did not see Kinder from the time be left our place; Bertrand said it was not above ten minutes after he left that Kinder had shot bimself ; he told me ib&t; after being at my place to drink he gave the letter to Kinder, and that immediately after Kinder shot himself; X cannot say that this conversation was on the Wednes day afternoon, or when Bertrand was at my house. By Mr. Macphenon : When X say X could never tell whether Kinder was drunk or not, I mean he always ap peased in a constant state of muddle ; during the eight or nine months I knew him, I cannot say he was a good cus ' tOEier to me ; Kinder did not drink much ; the most at a I time was three glasses of ale— colonial ale — pint glasses ; I or about six ordinary glasses ; he used te smoke, and | generally csme in smoking ; X did not take particular notice | whether he usually wentout smoking ; I act as barman to | my public house, and am pretty well always there ; ! 1 was very seldom out of the bar ; 1 always knew what Kinder got, because I was told, as he never paid for it ; he had a score or running account ; Mrs. Kinder was not {resent at this convocation with Bertrand* Mr. Butler : Xt was in consequence of hearing something about pecuniary embauassments that I said I was glad I did not ask him for the money. [Tbe examination of witnesses has not yet terminated, and in all probability it will be several days before the proceedings fijUilly close. J The Fdepbyteet of Stdkev.— This revezmd Court met in St. Anclrevre' Church, Sydney, on the 6th instant, at 11 a-m. Tbere were present the Bev. Dr. Lang, Dr. Fallerton, the Bev. Messrs. The* id eon, Atchison, Gordon, the Bev. Dr. Steel, the Bev. J. DougaU, Rev. J.M'Gibbon, the Rev. Dr. Beg, ministers, and Mcen-s. Wilson, Reid, King, Brown, and Captain Boyle, elders. In tbe absence of tbe moderator, the Bev. Adam Thomson was callcd lo the chair, and constituted the meeting. After the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed, the Presbytery transacted the following business At the request of the Church JCxtcntion Committee it was agreed, on the motion of the Bev. John M 'Gibbon, seconded by the Rev. Dr. Lang, 44 That the Pres bvtcry accede to the request, and resolve to meet for the purpose of ordaining the Ber. John Johnstone, probationer, labouring at Braidwood, to the work ef the holy ministry.' The Bev. James Milne, moderator, was appointed i to prcach and preside at tbe ordination in St. Andrew's Church on Wednesday, the 20th instant, at 7 o'clock p.m. The Bev. I Adam Thomson was appointed to give the charge to the minister, I and the Bev. Dr. Lang to address the people. The Clerk read a 1 communication from the department of Lands relative to the exchange of a ate for a school at Chippendale, which had been encroached upon by the Corporation for a road, for another allotment. The Presbytery agreed to the exchange. Papers relative- to the North Snore were laid on the table by Mr. Beid, cider, intimating that the trustees of 8t. Peter's School there had declined to grant tbe use of the school to tbe congregation of Mr. Atchison. It was moved by the Bev. Dr. Fnllerton, seconded by tbe Bev. John DougaU,—' 'That these documents be received, end that they lie on tbe tabic.' An amendment was moved br the Bev. John M*Gibbon, 'That the trnstees of the North Shore scboolbouse be summoned to the bar of the Presbytery, at its next meeting, to explain the circumstances under which they de cline to aerate to the request of the Presbyterians at North Shore, as recsmmended by the Presbytery.' This was seconded by Mr. Reid. After considerable discussion, votes were takei, -when the motion was carried by a majority of nine to two. The Bev. Dr. Fullerton gave notice that at the next meeting of Pres bvtery he would move several resolutions relative to the forma tion of a Presbyterian Sabbath School Union, to promiscuous com munion. to the regular dispensation of the Lord's Sapper half yearlv in all congregations of the city, and lastly, in reference to tbemanagement of common schools. The Bev. B. 6. Patcrson then Introduced the Rev. James Niven as a minister, requesting admission. Wr. Niven waa licensed by the United Presbyterian Church In Edinburgh, and ordained by the Reformed Preehvterian Church as a missionary to the New Hebrides. He had returned from the mission. Mr. Paterson from coBsiderable knowledge of Mr. Niven, had confidence in rr commending his application. Mr. Niven tben lodged his credentials, which were read by tbe clerk. After deliberation, Dr. Fullerton moved, and Dr. Lang seconded, 41 That Hr. Niven be received a minister of the church, subject to the approval of the General Assembly .' The Presbytery unanimously agreed to tbe motion ; and Mr. Niven. after signifying bis readiness to sign the formula, was reccivea by the moderator and members of the Presbytery, giving bim the right hand of fellowship. The Presbytny agreed to recommend Mr. Niven to the Church Ex tension Committee. Mr. Patcraon gave notice, that at the next meeting of the Presbytery, he would make a motion relative to the New Hebrides mission. The Rev. William Ridley having informed the Presbytery of his labours, it was agreed that the Presbytery record their thanks to Mr. Bidley for his evangelistic services at Coggerat, near George's River, and at Canterbury, and trust that he may bc able to continue his services there, with the view of fostering preaching stations at these places, in con nects n with the church. The Presbytery then adjourned, to meet in the same place, on the third Tuesday of January, at 10 o'clock. Reukern Congbegational Chi: bc h. — On Tuesday evening last, a social tea meeting was held in the spacious schoolroom at the rear of the Independent church, Rcdfcrn, in connection with the anniversary of the Bedfern and Waterloo Sabbath-schools. The attendance numbered between 300 and 400. After the tea, which was apparently much enjoyed by the company, the Rev, W. Slatyer, the pastor of the Church at Bedfern, and president of the schools, took the chair. Amongst the ministers present there were Rev. B.C. Kent, Rev. T. Johnson, Rev. J. Sharp, Rev. J. Kraser of Woollahra, and the Rev. Dr. Beg, each of whom, as called upon by the chairman, addressed the meeting. A report for the year waB read by the secretary, showing the number of children in the 2 schools, as follows HLedfcrn school : Boys, 147; girl6, 185 ; total, 284, with an average attendance of 250 ; teachers and officers, 38. Waterloo school : Boys, G5 ; girls, 90 : total, 155, with an average attendance of 95 ; teachers, 12. It was also sliovrn that considerable aid had been offerded during the ycor to missionaries in several of the South Sea Islands by a Juvenile Missionary Society which is established in the school, as also by a working class of young ladies, and nearly £40 had been dispatched to England es the school's contribution towards tbe same object. It also appeared that tbe number of children could be largely increased If additional teachers could be procured, llie RcdJern school bad never become very numerous, and for this reason, it was a colonising school, so soon as iu forms -were filled, it sent a detachment to Newtown, to Surry Hills, to Waterloo, to Petersham, or wherever a Sabbath-schoof could bo ! btartcd. After the reading of the report, the several ministers addressed the meeting, urging those who wore doing nothing for Christ to enlist In the ranks of the Sabbath-school tcachers, than which no more honourable field existed, instancing the case of Daniel Webster, who as soon as his public duties were over im mediately repaired to his class in the Sabbath-school. Sir R. Peel, and Lady Denison and daughter were also mentioned as praiseworthy examples. Words of encouragement were also addressed to the teachers, who were urged not to be weary in well doing. Several choice pieces of sacred music were well sung at intervals by a party of ladies and gentlemen who, under the leadership of ttr. G. W. Wilson, had kindly volunteered their ser vices. A very pleasant evening was closed shortly before 10 o'clock, by the bcncdlction. A correspondent of the Daily News saya, the French army has eober and drunken men, just like our own, and when they can get the liquor, the French are just \- as fond of it as English soldiers. But in their service, so long as a soldier can betake himself to bed, nothing whatever is said of his being drunk, although there can be no doubt that when they get money there will bens many men the worse for liquor in one of their corps as there would be in an English regiment under similar circumstances. 