ST. MARY'S SUNDAY-SCHOOL LECTURE HALL, AND INSTITUTE. The ceremony of faying the foundation-stone of tlie above Luiluing was performed by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide at St. Mary's. Sturt/on Satur day afternoon. October 21. There was a very fair and highly respectable attendance on the occasion. The site of the proposed building is a shore dis tance north of St. Mary's Church. It was originally selected for the church, but circumstances occurred which caused the latter to be erected where it now stands. The new budding is to front the west, and its size is to be 22 by 42 feet in the clear, which will be sufficient to accommodate the Sunday-school, and wheu required to form a lec ture-hall. The style is Gothic. Messrs. Wright and Woods kindly prepared the plan and specifica tion, and presented them to the Committee. An arch, tastefully made of evergreens and - flowers and surmounted by flags, had been pre pared for the occasion. The appropriate service of the Church of Englaud was read by His Lordship, assisted by the Lev. W. D. Williams, the Incum bent of the Church. The audience were then in formed of the contents of the bottle which was to be placed under the stone, namely, an inscription on parchment, which, after stating the names of the Governor, the Incumbent of the Church, Churchwardens, Treisurer. Building Committee, and Trustee, proceeded to explain the purposes for which the building was intended, namely, first, as a Sunday schoolroom, in which the teaching was to be in accordance with the principles of the United Church of England and Ireland: secondly, as an Institute and Lecture Hall for secular learn ing not contrary to the aforesaid principles; and, thirdly, for the use of the Young Men's Associa tion, fur Committee and other meetings, for mutual improvement or social enjoyment, so long as such were conducted for the advancement and spread of knowledge amoug the youth of the neighbourhood. The bottle also contained copies of the daily papers, &c.; His Lokdship then proceeded to lay the stone, saying, " We now lay the foundation-stone of this building for the use of a Sunday-«ehool and Lecture- hail, in the name of the Father, Son. and Holy Ghost." The 117th Psalm, commencing 14 1?iviiv> nil holnnr flio eL'ina " and fho From all that dwell below the skies," and the doxology were then sung. Mr. W. A- Hughes, the Treasurer, informed the assembly that the estimated cost of the building was £3t)0. The subscriptions from the St. Mary's Young Men's Association and the Ladies' Working Committee amouuted to £200. The Lokd Bishop of Adelaide then delivered an address. He thought that such occasions were a very hopeful sigu of the rapid progress of Christianity. Wherever he went, from Port Augusta in the North, to Port Elliot in the South, in almost every place he found a Sunday-school and a Young Men's Association for mutual improve ment, and it was a source of great pleasure to him to see that there was such a desire for knowledge among tbe young men of the co'ony. When they thought of the glorious examples of self help, such as were shown in the lives of George Stephenson and Hueh Miller, it ought to inspire the youth with a desire to emulate those great men in searching for knowledge. His Lordship alluded to the confirmation which had taken place at St. M ary's Church the previous Sunday, and expressed his gratitude that so many youug people had been brought within the pale of Christianity; also the gratification which he felt on learning that there was no want of persons in St. Mary's Church to take charge of the children, and impart to them a knowledge of the i truth of the Holy Gospel. He then spoke at some length respecting the union of secular learning with the principles of religion, and expressed a hope that they would never beat enmity with each other. He next proceeded to give various illustra tions of the fact of science having been made sub servient to the truths of the Gospel, and concluded an eloquent address, which had been listened to with the deepest attention, by expressing a hope that God's blessing might rest on their labours. Mr. B. H. B abb age, in a few appropriate re marks, tendered, on behalf of those present, sincere thanks to His Lordship for honouring them with his presence on that occasion, and also for the interest which he had evinced and the part he had performed in the ceremony. His Lobdshif briefly returned thanks for the manner in which they had appreciated his services. The Bey. W. I). Williams also expressed the warm interest whicli he felt in the event, and the gratification it afforded him. The proceedings were then brought to a con clusion by the pronouncing of the benediction by His Lordship. 