\- ? a VKiiv poj.rr.: i'A ;:;:nt. I am .1 co:i.-.;i'ii:^ plv.vii'i.-ii!. :is tbt linj.ujiir 1 \:ntv ;.?.'. -, ait^oa-Ji it 'Iocs liul very no1 rn\\-.ti:!y lii-tiiic mv eniiil'ij-meur. The youiiycr niLiiil.-ers «f my I'rotessinii tshoiiM ratl:'.-r hsl- il.c fnti.ro to-ive nf tlic reir., ab'Ut In '''?? \\--r ri.-a-Jy to lie at the shorto.-t j-ossilile iiotirc) crn^iilu-ii ; wljilu the i-]Jit im.'ii;b(-rs miylit, il tln-y aro , tolwtably fovtuiiatf, nAipt the nast v~j-rt- j ciplo him! call rlirnisriivs consulted i-ty»i- j cians. The litttur in the rank -?.' wliich I | Lave .11 ri veil 111} self. Inunbrliutcly after j brc-akfn-it, 1 iiist.il ip.ys&'f 111 my .s-iiictum .ni iho l.;n.-I; i-f l lie hfj'e, an.l .'.in lueuiirrd to receive j-aiii.-nV J'.v-ry riin; nt the front- 1 door lj;li r-elwci'ii Iho hu'::.; uf ten and tv.-ch«r A.M. Las an i-.i:-:'.Lniii.s fimnJ, and is vf-rlli at k.i-.t ?? UniiiL-a. Tlio L-'.T, tlio i.uiu-, and the liiir.d I am fil-.--.js deiiglilcd to see in uiy receplicin rooin, at one pound cue a head and up wards. I dare say the robust Irish lady, who is so good as to sweep the crossing opposite, envies the rich folks wliose car riages thioug about my door every ruoni ing. But I cau assure her that they repay the compliment by envying her. One must not speak evil of the bridge tuat carries us over the rivei of life, but I can't say that the majority of my rich prtienU are . amiable people. They do not bear their cross of sickness nearly so vrell as the poorer folks who Live so many other weari some burdens to carry. Tlie difference be tween the sick whom I see at my own house, and those similarly afflicted whom I visit a few hours afterwards iu hospital, is very marked. Of course, they all complain ; it is one of the offices — and by no means a useless one — of a consulting physiciau to hear complaints ; it is a relief to the suf ferer to pour his woes into the car of one who will at least understand, even if too cruel to sympathise with them. It is neither Iciud nor wise to cut a fellowcrea ture very short when lie is enumerating his calamities, although we may be thoroughly aware of what he is going to say. ' You feel so :uid so, and so aud so, and so aud so, don't you i' say some of my professional brethren, putting question after question so fast, that the answer cau be only ' Yes ' or ' No ;' whereupon the afflicted creature sighs, like one who has been interrupted in his choicest anecdote by some rude fellow's informing him that his story is as old as the hills. Now, the poor man, although by nature garrulous, seems to be aware that on tliat long Hue of beds in the same ward there arc others wh«se cases arc at least as serious as his own, and which require to be stated at some length ; and ho often makes some at tempt to condense what he has to say, although that is a feat by no means easy to him. 'lie is a Patient, too, in the best sense ; submitting to all that is proposed, because he is convinced that the very best is being done for him, to the extent of our ability, as God forbid it should not be done. Whereas my rich friends sometimes seem to consider, conscious of having paid their guinea, and that Time is Money, that a shilling a minute is u good deal to pay for enlarging uot only upon their particular calamity, but upon various other matters, scarcely within my province. In conse quence of which, I take care to have a clock on my mantel-piece that strikes uct only the hours, but the half- hours and quarters pretty loudly. This fiives me the opportunity of referring politely to the flight of Time, and thereby abbreviating the nar ration of certain unnecessary details which seem to verge upon the confines of Eter nity. The anteroom where my patients assem ble is similarly furnished, so that each may know exactly how long he has had to wait before he is admitted ; an interval which otherwise is apt to be exaggerated ; for not even the most engaging periodicals, or books, or newspapers, cau make that period claj-sj quickly, at the end of which may bo delivered a sentence of many years' imprisonment without lmrd labour, alas i or anything to do at all — as in some cases of eye-disease ; or some fell decree which involves the loss of limh ; or even the dread doom of death itselt fcople who are in such straits as these, however, are generally less impatient thau those more lightly afflicted ; some of whom (as I learn from my servant) do uot always hehave themselves quite politely, but struggle with one another for precedence of interview with thtir unconscious humble servant, inyself. Suffering gentlemen and afflicted ladies (especially) will even go the length of asserting that they came by special ap pointment, and upon that false pretext ob tain an advantage over the rest of the com pany ; while nothiug is more common thau for them to be coufuscd as to the exact date of their arrival, and to give t'lemsalvc'S the benefit of the doubt to the detriment of others. In cases of this kind, the clock is in valuable ; my servant sets down to a se cond the time .it which each arrives, aud a reference to the calendar thus kept is of course without appeal. Under these cir cumstances, it is no wonder that he takes some personal interest in my morning visitors, and forma some opinion in his mind respecting them, even if he is uot called upon to express it — like his master. Upon a recent occasion, he admitted into this anteroom of mine a very polite patient indeed, whose behaviour was altogether so exceptional, that I think it worthy of record, not so much as an example to others — although he was the very pink and pattern of patients (up to a certain point) — as for the infitmction of all Consulting Physicians. This gentleman lias never honoured n:e by seeking my advice before, ncr is it probable that the nature of our interview will lead him to resort to ine again — although he may perhaps favour other members of the faculty with his society. Yet I shall never forget him, while Memory holds her seat at all, and my right hand retains the faculty of recog nising a sovereign and a shilling at first touch through any amount of silvcrpaper. The cases brought under my notice had been unusually serious upon the morning in question, aud about 11.40 I inquired of my servant somewhat anxiously how many patieuts remained still to be seen, as I had toijeat a consultation in the ncighbour fcoodt'precisely at noon. 'There's only one gentleman left, said he: 'he arrived an hour ago; bat he is so Very polite, that he has hitherto declined to take his turn.' I was sorry to hoar this, for, according toJnycjq»erience;such an individual was likely to *e in * critical state irf health, or, perhaps, only postponed his interview till s^JasVeo that he might prolong it without Ig^terruptian. 'I IiojH? everybody tiivs ivine in in proper order, James,'1 saM T. '?? You know what an objection 1 have to any favour itism.' ' Oh dear, s-in 1 am sure I never tonk a shilling froiu tiny gentleman or lady iu 1113 life, iu oi-dcr that they juit/lit be admitted t-arJicr/' ' Really, JajiiDs, I never said you did,'' replied I, severely. ' Show the gentleman in ' The patient whose acquaintance I had 7iow the pleasure of milking for tlie first time had the appearance of ;i cjui. try gen tleman ; !iii was well drcssi-il, but there was an absence of that undef.nablu smart ness ;;nd iioi:iplillci«.?s about his attire which is only fu'.:nd in town-mads gar ments ; nuiiv.uvor, his eye wandered all over the room with an exprussiuii very un like tlie incurious gaze of :i wel'brcd Lon doner. His very politeness had probably arisen from an erroneous idea that it was the fashion in good society to make little self sacrifices iu giving way tu other people. ' 1 am afraid, sir, you have been de tained a considerable time,' observed I. ' Not at all,' returned he, briskly. ' I was in no particular hurry. I have plenty of kisuro here iu London, away from all my usual country avocations, and there were several people in your anteroom who, I am sure, had more urgent need of your advice than I. In fact, I feel that I have scarcely any right to intrude upon your valuable time at all ; but I have been a good deal bothered with cough at night, and I should like to be cured of it.' ' Take a seat, sir. Any pain in your chest ?' j ' 1 don't think it will be necessary to j examine me,' observed he nervously, ' I j can tell you my symptoms, such as they j are.' I How curious it is that those who are j apparently the strongest and most healthy are often the most morbidly apprehensive. 1 could not help smiling to see this re spectable old fox- hunter, as he looked to 1 be, hugging his coat together, as though | my stethoscope had been a dagger seeking an entrance into ins heart. ' Jly dear sir,' said I, this little instru ment will not hurt you.' At this moment a very singular thing took place : the clock upon my mantel piece struck the three-quarters past eleven, and I seemed to hear the sound repeated from the clock in the next room. It was a muffled sound, but the wonder was how it could have arrived at all through two wooden doors and a baize one. I was so convinced that I did hear it, however, that I immediately strode forward to see for myself whether any of the doors of commu nication were open. They were all closed. When I returned imr patient had un buttoned his coat, and assured me that he had no silly objection to being stetho scoped, if I thought it worth while, but there was nothing the matter with him be yond a troublesome cough, for which he wanted a prescription. His lungs seemed souud enough indeed, aud I need not have been so long examin ing them but for a certain reason. Very different from most hypochondriacal folks, my new friend seemed so very anxious to cut short our interview that he began to awaken my suspicions as to whether he was a hona Jide patient at all. 1 knew that I should discover this if I could only detain him a quarter of an hour, and therefore I prolonged my stethoscapic investigatious. At last he jumped up, aud throwing down a sovereign and a shilling, with no little ostentation, upon the table, expressed him self as perfectly satisfied. 'Rut, my dear sir,' said I, 'you have not got your prescription.' It wanted then one minute to the hour of noon, but I was still writing very slowly, when the clock on the mantel- piece began to strike ; I thought it would never have done, so eagerly was I watching for the first note of its companion time-piece, which I felt sure by this time was con cealed somewhere about my polite patient's person. He had waited until he had been left alone in the anteroom, to make a clean 6weep of everything valuable he could lay his hands upon, the clock among the rest. He had stuffed this, at first, I fancy, into his breast pocket — whence arose his orig inal objection to the use of the stethoscope — but had transferred it, while I went to look at the doors, to some other part of his attire. Sagacious as he had been, however, he had omitted, or had not had the oppor tunity, to silence the voice of mv faithful dial. I heard its whisper — its faint ' tick, tick' — all the time, aud now I was waiting for its full voice in accusation of the robber. At List it came. One can scarcely imagine a situation more embarrassing than that of my polite patient with his stolen clock striking twelve very distinctly in the pocket of his coat-taiL and in the hearing of its rightful proprietor. ' I have found out what is the matter with you, my friend,' said I, pressing a baud-bell, which brought in James upon the instant ' You aro troubled with the 2'ic Douloureux. Your symptoms arc ex ceedingly striking This prescription must be made up at once, and my servant will ran out for it while you remain here a minute or two.' Never was prescription so short : — Jam. fet a. poL im. Or, without any abbreviation, as I had written it ? — Jamet, fetch a Policeman immediately. A coKKi«PO-n-ENT of the Fanner's Jou; - iial thus writes ou the subject of sowing the prairie grass : — ' I observe from your last week's issue, that you iu common with most agriculturists, prefer sowing prairie grass iu autumn. I may, however, inform you that I sowed a piece of ground last year with this grass, part in theautuninandpartin the spring aud the spring sown portion is by far the best The former (autumn sown) came up very slowly, and the weeds got the better of it during the cold weather ; the latter (the spring sown), on the other hand, came on without a check, and on precisely the same condition of soil produced a very much bet ter crop. I need scarcely say that in both cases the seed was sown broadcast The soil was a rich alluvial bottom, deeply ploughed. The autumn sown came to maturity first, as might have been expected, bat owing to tbe laud being foul, I got ou much better withthat sown in the spring. I may also state that I sowed one portion' of my ground at the rate of twenty pounds per acre, and I found it much to short I should not think of using less thau thirty pounds per acre in future. Mixed with lacern — say twenty pounds prairie grass to ten pounds of lucerne — I had a capital crop, though there is one disadvantage in this arrangement, that the j prairie grass ripens iU ac-.~A considerably I earlier than the !uoc-n:o. The advantages, i however, arc manifest. Yv'et or dry, hot or cold seasons, 1 have i.lmiys grills in abun dance. j\ Hkal T.ivk Ghost.— We ure indebted to ^ gentleman, uliu desires us t.i conceal liis nanii; for tbe jirea' sit, f'r tl:e Siiloning renviik ublu ftorv, it having lippn Ips bnr.t tiiie exjiiii cure on tlie r.iylit (if TuesJny lust. Juri.-ij; llic |ircvak'.ncc ot tl-.c storm. As lie is v- 11 known and ivspGttnl for sobriety an j vi racity it llluft not be llicuyht iliat it w:i« tiilur a drunken lialluuiiiation nr ;i harufan-d moiid-icily. He I1.1J bet 11 uigngeil until a late iiour ovtr sundry ledger accounts (i.e is a cnainicrcin! man), and . il whs ii'jl nn:il lie i-l.i.-k s#n:oU -mo tlial lie Has ft-mindcd Unit 1111 i.'.iNii us wife iuvaiuJ j uin), vhose invariable nivl e'i]j')^.l rule whs | ik-vit to n-!ir-_- niuil lnr liu.-liaiid rciunii'd. : CluMiip his lol.ir, l:u l'ji-ki-1 ihe pali-nt snff, ', anj I'xlintuwlit.l i!« liflst jiivvmi-h tn making his exit. ' lie c'nfr.l : lie kick i-fii v, i.n.l v.is 1:1 . Ihe net, of n:iloi-l-iii(! iliu- frum -!--ur to le.ivr, j when lie ln.-ll.oni:)il liini-°i-!t --'f a memorandum j which ho had kit Khin.l him. Entwine the j hark ulti™ no:iin. in- stoiU anhngt awl trans-fixed I ft 11 si'ilit wiiidi .ipimilfd every sense, and ren dered the strong; man as hapless as .1 child. There, through .1 diiii i-iherol p!.i»ijhorv«i.'e:it hi.ze, sealed in the wry chair be- had jjst va cMiil — lnotiotiUss, ghastly, iiielnnchuly — Ir.ini- nareut and afciirhcd, was a figure nut of this world, with a fm-c like- the face e.f the dead, nnd its whole nttentiun eecmingly devoted lo liie ludger, tc/iicfc tea* open 0'fi'1 i'- Immediately be-hind the apparition was ihe iron Bafc, which our informant is positive in having lin-Uu -I, and (hii teas also omn ! He describes his fielinu! on the occasion 10 have been horrible iu the extreme, and to use his own words, English uliraseulogy does not include language suffi ciently impressive- to explain the intense tor ture crowded into the brit-f space of n few minutes. He essayed to f iiaak— lie was dumb. He endeavoured to turn Iroin the apartment, but had no power to move- ; he thought todis I 1 tH.ll III* Ull II atLLllylUII t/J tiw^-iiij; i»d ». j ??.«.- — ,???? shutting out tlie fearful vision, but every nerve and muscle seemed paralysed, und he was no longer a free agent. Grudualiy the apartme»t grew intensely luuiinoU', and stars and spangles of exceeding be-auty flitted hither and thither, without noise, but with seeming order and re gularity. Our friend says that could the scene bo transferred to the boards of a theatre, and introduced in some grand spectacular piece, it would have realized a fortune for the liappy manager in a very short lime. But the torture of n great fc-ar was upon him, for lie knew he was faee to face with some dread pretence which had no affinity with immunity. The light then gradually waned, Rnd the figure, without an effort, rose from the chair to a su pernatural height, seemed gradually to become absorbed into ihe subtle element which formed its atmosphere. Our informant, an athletic man, remembers no more. The exceeding ten sion of nerve und sense could bear no more, and he sank insensible lo the floor. Upon re covering consciousness he found the merry morning sunlight Hooding the apartment — i-vcrj Uiing in its place anil order as lie le-ft it — safe lucked and ledger closed, but tlie cluck, an e-iglit day clock, which hud been wound up the previous morning — had stopped id the hour oj one ! The stoiy is a strange oue and 10 some of our readers may appear incredible', but we h.ive the fulKst reliance oa the honour and serious veracity of the narrator. 'Tl.irc are mure things iu heaven und earth than are orcauit of iu our philosophy.' — liochhampton Argiu. The manufacture of Stearine candles has been commenced by a company having 60tne connection with the Hobson's Bay Soap and tun Candle factory has been purchised. The price of the imported article ranges from 9d to lOd per lb, but colonial 6tearine could be pro duced at from 2d 10 3d per lb cheaper. The works are expected to give employment to at least 51) men. The Suuni Mistake of a 'Horset'oke. ? Two countrymen were travelling up to Lou dun {rum the last meeting of llic Social Science Association. They hud as a lellow-traveller a person of unuii&tukable; ' boreey ' appearance, who for a long time took no interest in the conversation of his friends, which happened to be chiefly ou philosophy and history. ' I think,' eaid oue of them, 'that Macaulay'e style was sometimes not unlike Voltaire's.' At this the ' horsey ' individual, who had been dosing, opened hisj eyes with ail expression of much relief at what lie thought was a sudden and agreeable change iu the conversation, and broke in— ' I tell you what, 1 never law lla caulay, but if liis 6tyle was anything like old Voltaire's he must have been a good sort, for Voltaire got over his ground uncommonly fast. Aud he wan tlie sire ot Volligeur j that's some thing, too.' In the inuocence of their hearts, his two auditors expressed their inability to comprehend his meaning, and one of them ven tured to objtric that he nefe- rkuew Voltaiie had a son of that name. ' Wuere wtre you bred, not to have heard of Volligeur, who beat the Dutchman for the Doncaster Cup, aud won the Leger, too, after a dead heat with — -.' Here he was interrupted by an assurance mat it was not Voltaire the horse, but Voltaire the great French writer, that they referred to. Their disappointed horsey companion looked intensely ustonished, and in tbe indignation of the moment muttered, ''It's a much greater honour u have been the sire of such a huree as Volligeur than to have written all llifi books that ever you Social Science lcllows addled your brains over.' 