THE REGATTA. The principal entertainment provided for the thou- sands of people who turn out to keep holiday on Anniversary Day, as well as the most popular, is un- doubtedly the Regatta. Regattas, though not peculiar to the country, flourish here as they flourish nowhere else, and receive a larger share of public patronage than any other out-of-door entertainment. Judging from the Regatta of yesterday, there is little fear of this entertainment sinking in public estimation. "Every point from which a view of the various aquatic contests could be seen yesterday was densely crowded by the pleasure-seekers, who had come deterrnined to see the boat races; while on board the flag- ship the company was much larger, though not less select, than on many previous occa- sions. The splendid Black Ball clipper ship, Queen of the South, now on the berth for London, did duty as flagship, and her fine saloons and spacious decks and roomy cabins were the theme of general remark. Scores of flags of every nation floated from her rigging. The Volunteer Rifle Band played a varied and excellent selection of music throughout the day, luncheon and liquids of every kind were at hand to refresh the inner man, while the immense number of craft of every size arid rig flitting hither and thither upon the water gave an animation to the scene which was most pleasing to witness. As before remarked, the company on board the ship was very large, and included several members of both branches of our Legislature and some of our most influential citizens. His Excellency the Governor and suite came on board at about one o'clock, and were received with a salute, the Commodore of the Royal Yacht Squadron conducting his Excellency through the ship. At one o'clock an excellent luncheon was served in the saloon, the Hon. W. Walker, commodore of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, in the chair. On the chairman's right was his Excellency Sir John Young, and on his left, Lord John Taylour. After discussing the excellent fare provided, The CHAIRMAN rose and said it was a time-honoured custom wherever a half-dozen Englishmen were met together to propose as the first toast the health of her Gracious Majesty the Queen. (Cheers.) He had great pleasure in proposing " The Queen." Drunk with all the honours. Band: "The National Anthem." The CHAIRMAN said the next toast he had to pro- pose was the health of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. (Cheers.) His Royal Highness had already associated himself with this colony by giving the Royal Yacht Squadron his dis- tinguished patronage, and the members of that body, many of whom were on the committee of this Regatta, were greatly indebted to him for it. He (the Chair- man) felt sure that many of the gentlemen now pre- sent fully appreciated the distinguished honour con- ferred upon them. (Applause.) He had great plea- sure in proposing the health of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. Received with enthusiastic demonstrations of loyalty. Band-" God bless the Prince of Wales." The CHAIRMAN said he felt sure that the next toast he had to propose would be received with acclama- tion. It was the health of his Excellency Sir John Young, the patron of the Regatta. (Cheers.) He wished to say, which he was debarred from saying in consequence of his Excellency's presence, how much the committee, whose duties in getting up the Regatta were by no means light, wore obliged to His Excel- lency for coming here to-day as the representative of her Majesty the Queen. "It was with very great pleasure that he proposed the health of his Excel- lency Sir John Young. (Loud cheers.) The toast was received with acclamation, the band playing, "The fine old English gentleman." Sir JOHN YOUNG said he was exceedingly obliged to them for their kind reception of the toast. He had much pleasure in attending here as the patron of the Regatta. No sight could be more agreeable and pleas- ing than the harbour presented on this occasion, exhibiting so much life and animation, and that life and animation were, he thought, indicative of the progress of the colony. He was glad to know that , the weather was very much better than it was last year. When he saw such a large number of new ships being built in the port, and so many new houses erected in the city, he could not doubt that the colony would make progress, and that Providence would crown the labours of the people in the future as in the past. The resources of the colony were ample and abundant if rightly managed. (Cheers.) With these remarks he begged to propose a toast- "The day we celebrate." Drunk with all the honours. Band-" The Corn- stalk." Mr. DRIVER, M.L.A., rose to return thanks. He said he hardly knew how to respond, because if he were to act according to his judgment; the toast should speak for itself. He thought his Excellency had said all that possibly could be said for the "day we cele- brate." He thought that all the natives of the colony had reason to be proud of this day. (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with his Excellency that with judicious management, the resources of this great colony were abundant and well able to meet every requirement. So long as the people of this colony were English or descendants ot Englishmen, there was no fear of the day falling through. (Cheers.) It would be the en- deavour of the committee to render each succeeding Regatta more attractive than the last. (Cheers.) Mr. S. CLARK proposed " Lady Young and the ladies of the colony." (Cheers.) Band-" Here's a health to all good lasses." Sir JOHN YOUNG said, on Lady Young's part, he re- turned them his warm and cordial thanks, and he could assure them that she took a warm, interest in the society in which she moved, and the progress of the colony. (Applause.) Mr. P. LAMB, on behalf of the ladies of Australia, retumed the company his sincere thanks. Were it not for the ladies the regattas would not pass over so pleasantly as they did now. He had travelled in various parts of the world, and he could assure them that the young ladies of this colony were not to be surpassed, and as for the old ones, the colony was so young that we had none. (Laughter.) The commit- tee desired to keep the company on board the flag- ship as select as possible, and had hitherto succeeded well. He hoped for the future that no lady would decline to honour the committee with her presence on Anniversary Day. Tlie CHAIRMAN said he had a very pleasing duty to perform-to propose the health of Captain Purves. (Cheers.) Captain Purves had with the utmost will- ingness placed his noble ship at the disposal of the committee for the flagship at this Regatta, and he had therefore much pleasure in proposing the health of Captain Purves and the officers of the Queen of the South. (Applause.) Band-" He's a jolly good fellow." Captain PURVES briefly returned thanks, remarking that he was delighted to think that he had in the smallest degree contributed to the success of this annual aquatic festival, and the enjoyment of the numerous company of ladies and gentlemen who came to witness it. Sir JOHN YOUNG said he rose to ask those gentle- men present who were not on the committee to drink the health of those who were ; and as many of the gentlemen present were on the committee, he thought he might ask them to drink their own health. (Laughter.) The toast was received with the usual honours, the band playing an appropriate air. The CHAIRMAN returned thanks. He could speak for himself and the committee that the work of getting up this Regatta was a labour of love, for there was a great deal ot labour in arranging everything for the successful carrying out of the Regatta. The com- mittee had been most successful in the performance of their duties, and the issue promised to be most successful. The party then returned to the deck to witness the progress of the races. It should not be omitted to mention that the 'tween-decks were cleared fore and aft, and, being decorated with festoons of evergreen, was converted into an immense luncheon-room. After luncheon was over, the tables were cleared, and the lovers of Terpsichore indulged in their favourite pastime. The weather was all that could be desired-a warm, but not too fervid sun, with a beautiful cool refreshing breeze from the north-east. Both for pull- ing and sailing the weather was magnificent. The arrangements on board the ship were excellent, and gave the utmost satisfaction. No accident marred the enjoyment of the day. The starter, Mr. F. W. Hill, and the umpire, Mr. S. Spain, were assiduous in the performance of their duties, and everything passed off most pleasantly. A detailed account of the racing is appended. First Race-To start at ten o'clock. All youths under sixteen years of age, pulling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceeding twelve feet on the keel. Course -From flagship round Fort Denison and back to flagship. First prize, £5 ; second prize, £2. En- trance, 7s. 6d. Hebe. Dress-White. Colours-Blue and white. Puller -R. Stevenson. .. .. .. .. 1 Alarm. Dress-White. Colour-White. Puller E. M'Leer .. .. .. .. 2 The Star. Dress-White, blue and white cap, Colours -Blue and white. Puller-P. R. Adams. Star of Australia. Dress-Blue, with white cap. Colour -White. Puller-E. Murray. I'll Try. Dress-White, with blue cap. Colours-Blue and white. Puller-P. Hayes. This was an easy victory for Stevenson, in the Hebe. He cut out the work immediately after the start, was never caught, and won with ease; M'Leer, in Alarm, second. Second Race.-To start at half-past ten. All youths under eighteen years of age, pulling two pairs of sculls in light skiffs. Course-From Dawes' Point round Fort Denison, and back to the flagship. First prize, £8 8s. ; second, £3 3s. - Entrance, £1 1s. Atthlete. Dress-White. Colour-White. Pullers- H. M'Leer, M. Yates .. .. .. 1 Rose. Dress-Blue and white. Colours-Blue and white.- Pullers-J. Bell, J. Place .. .. .. 2 Swan. Drees-White, with pink caps. Colours-Pink and white. Pullers-R. Love, A. Mowle. Cornstalk. Dress-White, with violet caps. Colours- Violet and white. Pullers-G. Arden, G. Stewart. In this race M'Leer and Yates, after a sharp contest in the early part of the race, had it pretty much their own way. In coming home, after rounding Fort Denison, they were evidently pulling at their ease, with Bell and Place (in the Rose) second, Swan third, and Cornstalk last. Third Race.-To start at 11. All bona fide ballast boats under canvas. Course- From their own moor- ings in Farm Cove round a boat moored off Manly Beach, back round a boat off Goat Island, and back to the flagship. First prize, £15 15s. ; second, £5 5s. Entrance, £1 1s. Colleen Bawn. Dress-White, and red caps. Colour Red. Owners-Buckle and Greenfield .. .. 1 Day Dawn. Dress-White. Colours-Red, and white ball. Owner-T. Fenwick. .. .. .. 2 Orphan Girl. Dress-Blue, and blue caps. Colour Light blue. Owner-W. Bayliss. Orphan Boy. Drees-Red caps. Coloors-White, red cross. Owner-W. Bayliss. Ernest. Dress-White, and red caps. Colours-Blue and white. Owner-J. Blue. An excellent start was effected with these boats, and as they stood across towards the North Shore, accom- panied by the coasters in the fourth race, and a large number of other craft, they presented a very pretty sight. The Day Dawn was the first to show promi- nently in the race, and next Colleen Bown. As they turned down the harbour towards Bradley's Head, Day Dawn appeared to havo most speed, but Colleen Bown had a better wind. It was evident that, barring accidents, that the race lay between them. When they reached the boat off Manly Beach Colleen Bawn had a strong lead, which she held to the finish of the race. Day Daw defeated the remainder for second place, and the Orphan Boy was third. Some people had a good deal ol faith in Orphan Girl, and the new boat Ernest, but neither of them showed prominently in the race. Fourth Race.-To start at 11. All vessels bona fde employed in the coasting trade within the limits of the colony. Course - From their own moorings in Farm Cove round a boat moored off Manly Beach, back round Clark Island, then round boat off Manly Beach, and back to the flagship. First prize, 30 guineas ; second, 10 guineas. Entrance, two guineas. Peahen. Colour-Dark blue. Owner-AV. Beattie .. 1 AVandeier .. .. .. .. .. 2 Sheedy .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 The Peahen was the favourite for this race, and she won it easily. Owing to the course being almost almost entirely down the harbour, very little was seen of the vessels until they came up the harbour to finally pass the ship, when it was seen that the Peahen led by an immense length. Sheedy was absolutely nowhere. Fifth Race.-To start at a quarter-past eleven. For all pulling dingies not exceeding fifteen feet over all, under canvas. Course-From their own moor- ings in Lavender Bay round Goat Island, then round Garden Island, then lound flagship and Fort Denison, and back to flagship. First prize, £7 7s. ; second, £2 2s. Entrance, 7s. 6d. Betsy Eagar. Dress-Red, with white caps. Colours Red, with white cross. Owner-J. Simms .. 1 Lurline. Dress-White, with red caps. Colours-Red and white. Owner-J. M'Carthy .. .. 2 Liectto. Dress-White with blue stripe, and dark blue caps. Colour-Dark blue. Owner-AV. Brown .. 3 Florence. Dress-White, with green caps. Colours Green and red. Owner-R. C. Boak. Flitt. Dress-White, with black caps. Colour-Dark blue. Owner-T. Bates. Remp. Dress-Dark bluo, with white hats. Colour Dark blue. Owner-J. Sincal. Jack Bragg. Dress-White, with red caps. Colour White Owner-T. Rodham. Uncle Sam. Dust-White, with red caps. Colours Black and red. Owner-S. Drennan. Eliza. Dress-White. Colour-Light blue. Owner J. Smail. The boats in this race were so close together as they left Lavender Bay and stood away toward Goat Island, that no one of them could be made out to have an advantage. As they passed the flagship, after rounding the first point, Betsy Eagar had a lead, which the continued to increase until the close of the race. The colours of some of the boats in this race were so similar, that it was with great difficulty they could be distinguished. In passing round the ship, after rounding Garden Island, Betsy Eagar was leading, with Lurline second, and Lisette third, which order was maintained to the finish, Betsy Eagar winning by a long distance. Sixth Race.-To start at half-past eleven. All amateurs pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs. Course From flagship round Fort Denison, thence round a boat moored off Goat Island and back to the flagship. First prize, £12 12s. ; second, £3 3s. Entrance, £1 1s. Star of Australia. Dress-White. Colours-Blue and white. Pullers-J. Donnolly, J. Connor. .. 1 Athlete. Dress-White. Colour- White. Pullers-J. M'Leer, J. Booker. .. .. .. .. 2 Swan. Dress-White. Colours-Pink and white. Pullers -H. M'Leer, P. Marky. Donnelly and Conner, in the Star of Australia, were the favourites for this race, and they justified the con- fidence placed in them by winning it ; but it was no gift. The three boats got away well together, and soon settled into their places, Star of Australia leading and Athlete second. Very little difference in the two leading boats was observed until rounding Fort Denison, when M'Leer and Booker, in Athlete, put on the steam, got into first place, and maintained it past the flagship and round the boat moored off Goat Island. A desperate struggle for the premier position now took place, resulting in favour of Donnelly and Connor by half a length. Swan nowhere. Seventh Race.-To start at 12. All yachts, centre- boards excluded. Time for tonnage, half a minute to the ton. Yachts to rate as ten tons. Course-To start from their own moorings in Farm Cove round a boat moored off Goat Island, then round a boat moored off' Curl Curl, back round flagship, then round Garden Island and back to flagship. Prize, value 50 guineas. Entrance, £3 3s. Xarifa. 31 tous. Dress-White. Colours-Red and blue. Owner-C. Parbury .. .. ..1 Peri. 17 tons. Dress-White. Colours-Blue and white star. Owner-H. C. Dangar .. .. 2 Julia. 10 tons. Dress-Blue. Colours- Dark blue and red cross. Owner-R. C. Want. The sailing qualities of the Xarifa and Peri are so well known, that the prize was booked as a gift to the former before she started, and she fully sustained the confidence placed in her. No sooner had the starting gun fired than the Xarifa came out of the Cove, and ran up past the flagship in splendid style. The Peri, too, was very much admired as she passed the ship, and many regrets were expressed that the pecu- liarity of her build rendered it impossible for her spirited owner to have her lengthened. It is the opinion of many aquatic sportsmen of much experience, that a lengthening of eight feet by the stem would render the Peri the fastest, as she is now one of the prettiest, yachts in our waters. The Julia started, apparently, to make up the necessary number of competitors, but she did not attempt to go the course. The Xarifa and the Peri turned down the harbour in fine style, the former increasing her lead until lost to view by rounding Bradley's Head. During the afternoon tlie Xarifa was seen coming up the harbour with mainsail, gaff topsail, square sail, and square topsail exposed to the breeze -a steady strong north easter- and with such a press of canvas was of course going through the water at great speed. Some sixteen minutes after- wards the Peri appeared, but she was too far astern to reap any advantage from the seven minutes allowed to her for the difference of tonnage, and the race was brought to a termination without further incident, the Xaiifa winning with ten minutes to spare. Eighth Race.-To start at 12. All second-class yachts of twelve tons and under, centreboards ex- cluded. Time for tonnage, half a minute to the ton. Yachts to rate at five tons. Course-From their own moorings in Farm Cove round boat off Goat Island, then round boat moored off Manly Beach, back round flagship, then round Shark Island and back to flag- ship. First prize, 20 guineas ; second, 5 guineas. Entrance, £2 2s. Ida. 9 toes. Dress-Blue, with straw hats. Colours -Blue, with white star. Owner-J. J. Josephson 1 Australian, 5 tons. Dress-White and blue. Colours -White and blue. Owner-A. F. Smart .. 2 Why Not. 8 tons. Dress-Blue, with straw hats. Colour-Blue. Owner-J. Nichols. .. ..dis. Gitana. 8 tons. Dress-Blue, with straw hats. Colours-Red and white. Owner-F. Jackson. This was a very pretty race from start to finish. The yachts of both classes started together, and the course during the early part of the race was the same. A cry little difference in the positions of the four yachts in this race was observed until they had rounded the boat off Goat Island, and were beating down the har- bour, when Why Not had a decided lead, Ida second, Gitana third, and the Australian fourth. This order was maintained for a considerable distance, and then Ida gradually gained upon Why Not and passed her. As they come up before the wind towards the ship Ida had a lead of several lengths, but no sooner was she round under the lee of the ship and had hauled her wind preparatory to beating down to Shark Island, than Why Not ran close round the ship's stern, and endeavoured to take from the sails of the Ida what little wind they held bypassuig her between her and the ship. There was not room for her to do this, and hence a foul ensued, the Why Not carrying away the Ida's cross trees and doing other damage. The umpire at once declared it a foul, and disqualified the Why Not, The latter, having got clear of the Ida, continued her course, and finally passed the sliip first, Ida second, Australian third, and Gitana fourth. The Gitana's position as last boat was attributable to the misfortune of carrying away her peak halyards when near Shark Island, early in the race. Ninth Race.-To start at half past 12. Gentle- men amateurs pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs. Course, same as No. 6. ; Prize, value £12 12s. Entrance, £1 1s. Elvira. Dress-Blue and scarlet. Colour-Union Jack. Pullers-A. Crook and H. Fitzhardinge .. 1 Sabrina. Dress-Magenta and blue. Colours-Ma- genta and blue. Pullers-Q. and C. Deloitte .. 2 A long series of victories by the Deloittes made them the favourites for this race, but they had not the ghost of a chance against Crook and Fitzhardinge. In a similar race at the Hunter's Hill regatta, the Deloittes pulled against the brothers Crook, when the latter were defeated with ease. It appeared, however, that Mr. J. Crook, who pulled the bow oar on that occasion, was too heavy for her, and hence his place was taken yesterday by Mr. Fitzhardinge-a lighter weight. The start was a very even one, and the race a very pretty one for some distance. Half way to Fort Denison the Deloittes were leading by half a length ; but before reaching the island, Crook and Fitzhardinge recovered their lost ground, and took the lead. From this point the race was never in doubt, Crook and Fitzhardinge increasing their lead with every dip of their oars. Tenth Race.-To start at 1. Champion race, open to all comers, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course-From flagship round Goat Island, then round Fort Denison, and back to the flagship. Prize, £21. Entrance, £1 1s. The Start. Dress-White with blue sash. Colours White, with blue star. Puller-Richard Green .. 1 Athlete. Dress-White. Colour- White. Puller J. M'Leer .. .. .. 2 This race may very easily be described. The Cham- pion went away with the lead, was never col- lared, and won with the greatest ease-thus reversing the verdict of the late contest between the same men at the Woolloomooloo Bay regatta. Eleventh Race.-To start at 2. All bona fide sail- ing skiffs, not exceeding twenty-two feet overall, or twenty inches deep. Course-From their own moor- ings in Lavender Bay round Fort Denison, back round flagship, thence round Shark Island, and back to flagship. No fins, centreboards, or false keels allowed. First prize, £12 12s.; second, £3 3s. Entrance, £1 1s. Phoenician. Dress-White. Colour-Light blue. Owner-G. Mulhall .. .. .. .. 1 Rebecca Dress-Blue caps. Colours-Red and blue. Owner-J. Morton .. .. .. .. 2 Dart. Dress-Dark blue. Colour-Dark blue. Owner -J. Richards .. .. .. .. 3 Two Sisters. Dress-Dark blue. Colours-Red, with black ball. Owner-J. Lewis. Enmeline. Dress-White. Colour-Blue, with name. Owner-W. Buckland. Ethel. Dres£-White, with scarlet caps. Colour- Scarlet. Owner-E. Webb. The Dart having proved herself a very fast boat by winning several recent races, she was regarded as the winner of this one. On this occasion, however, she was unfortunate, and had to be content with the empty honour of third place. After a very pretty race, Phoenician was declared the winner, and Rebecca second. Twelfth Race.-To start at 2. All open boats, not exceeding twenty two feet over all, under canvas. Course-From their own moorings in Lavender Bay round Fort Denison, back round flagship, thence round light vessel and Sow and Pigs, and back to the flagship. First prize, £15 15s. ; second, £5 5s. En- trance, £1 1s. Sibyl. Dress-White, with red and blue caps. Colours -White, with red and blue cross. Owners-G. and R. Yeomans .. .. .. ..1 Laura. Dress-White, with blue caps. Colours Blue, and white diagonal. Owner-J. Watts .. 2 Thought. Dress-White. Colours- Blue and white. Owner-A. Oliver .. .. .. .. 3 Race of Denmark. Dress-White, with blue caps. Colours-Red, with white cross. H. Ashe. Doin. Dress-White, with blue caps. Colour-Light blue. Owner-A. Saddington. Royal Oak. Dress-White, with red caps. Colours White, with red cross. Owner-W. Cread. Sibyl was the favourite for this race, having at the recent Hunter's Hill Regatta won a similar race against several of the same boats. Shortly after the start Sibyl cut out the work, got a good start, and held it. Among the remainder several changes took place in the course of the race, the contest eventuating in Sibyl winning, with Laura second, and Thought' third. Ihirteenth Race.-To start at 2. All open boats, with centreboards or fins, not exceeding twenty-two feet over nil, under canvas. Course-Same as No. 12. First prize, £12 12s. ; second, £3 3s. Entrance, £1 1s. Julia. Dress-White, with red caps. Colours-Blue, with star. Owner-R. Driver. .. ..1 Peri. Drest-White. Colour-White. Owner-J. Ireland. .. .. .. .. .. 2 May Flower. Dress-White, with straw hats. Colours -Blue and white. Owner-T.Curtis .. .. 3 Julia had this race all to herself, neither of the other two having any pretence to speed compared to that which she showed herself to possess. Fourteenth Race.-To start at half-past 2. All amateurs pulling a pair of sculls, in light skiffs. Course-Same as No. 6. First prize, £10 10s.; second, £3 3s. Entrance, £1 1s. Star. Dress-White, with green sash. Colour-Green. Puller-W. Hickey. .. .. .. .. 1 The Start. Dress-White. Colours-White and red. Puller-Robert Green... .. .. .. 2 Pelter. Dress-White. Colours-Pink and white. Puller-J. Connor. .. .. .. .. 3 Athlete. Dress-White. Colour-White. Puller-J. M'Leer. Star of Australia, Dress-White. Colours-Blue and white. Puller-J. Donnolly. Hickey was the favourite for this race ; the five men, however, were pretty equally matched, and the race from the start down to the Fort was very good. Before they passed the ship on their way to Goat Island the race was virtually over, Hickey having a strong lead, Green second, Connor third, and M'Leer fourth. Thus the race continued to the finish, with the exception that M'Leer dropped out and Donnolly took his place. Fifteenth Race.-To start at 3. All gentlemen amateurs pulling two pairs of sculls in light skiffs. Course, same as No. 6. Prize, value £12 12s. Entrance, £1 1s. Elvira. Dress-Blue and Ecarlet. Colour-Union Jack. Pullers-A. Crook and H. Fitzhardinge .. 1 Sabrina. Dress-Magenta and blue. Colours-Ma- genta and blue. Pullers-Q. and C. Deloitte. This was a very good race from the start to a point about half-way to Fort Denison, when a foul took place, and shortly afteiwards the Deloittes gave up, leaving Crooke and Fitzhardinge to pull over the course and claim the prize. Sixteenth Race.-To start at half-past 3. All amateurs that have never started in any race, pulling a pair of sculls, in light skiffs. Course-Same as No. 1\. First prize, £8 8s. ; second, £3 3s. ; third, a pair of sculls, presented by Mr. Mark Stephenson. Entrance, £1 1s. Swan. Dress-While, with blue cap. Colours-Blue and white. Puller-T. Colebrook .. .. 1 The Start. Dress-White and black sash. Colours- Black and white. Puller-W. Williams.. .. 2 Cornstalk. Dress-White, with red cap. Colour- White. Puller-George Trickett .. .. 3 Athlete. Dress-White. Colours-Red and white. Puller-M. Byrnes Favorita. Dress-Blue and scarlet. Colours-Blue and scarlet. Puller-J. Hobson The Champion. Dress-Violet and white. Colours- Violet and white. Puller-A. Venables. This event excited but little interest from the fact that the pullers were for the most part unknown. The race was an easy victory for Colebrook. Seventeenth Race.-To start at four. All amateurs pulling two pairs of sculls, in light skiffs. Course Same as No. 6. First prize, £12 12 ; second, £3 3s. Entrance, £1 1s. Athlete. Dress-White. Colour-White. Pullers- J. M'Leer and J. Booker .. .. .. 1 Star of Australia. Dress-White. Colours- Blue and white Pullers-J. Donnolly and J. Connor .. 2 Booker and M'Leer went away with the lead, kept it to the finish, and won with ease. Eighteenth Race-To start at half-past 4. All licensed watermen regularly plying for hire, pulling a pair of sculls, in bona fide working boats. Course- Same as No. 10. First prize,. £12 12s. Entrance, £1 1s. Flying Cloud. Dress-White. Colour-White. Puller -P.Connolly .. .. .. .. 1 Champion. Dress-While. Colour-Blue. Puller- F. Webster .. .. .. .. 2 This was a gift to Connolly, as Webster never asked him to race. Nineteenth Race.-To start at five. Gig and dingy. Prize, £5. Entrance, 2s. 6d. Dingy-Catch Me If You Can. A. Brown .. .. 1 Gig-Daisy. - W. J. Suggate. The gig was a long unweildy boat, quite unfit for the purpose to which she was here applied and the pro- bability is that the dingy with ordinary smartness would have kept out of her way fifteen hours instead of fifteen minutes. The dingy kept the gig at a respectful distance during the allotted time, and the gun announced that the boy had won the prize. This brought the races to a termination, and the company now began to leave the ship to return home- wards. 