FRIGHTfUL ACCIDENT AT ST. MARY'S CATHCfLIC CHAPEL, -WESTMINSTER. ! (From the Tablet ) . ? ? uninursday night an accident of the most ilarming character, by which nearly one hun dred men, women, and children were severely, and gome fatally injured, happened at a Catholic schoolroom in Westminster. The Catholic chapel of St. Mary, Horseferryroad, has recently been repaired and redecorated,, and in order partly to meet the expenses the priests belonging *u *'«»«. oowuiisuiuBai got up a prize arawing. Several friends of the cause contributed various articles as prizes, and the drawing was an nounced to take place on Thursday night, at St. Mary's School-room, Great Peter- street, West minster. Tbis building, which is of oblong shape, consists of two floors, and it was the upper one which was selected for the purpose. It was ca pable of accommodating some three or 400 people and as great interest was manifested in the suc cess of the lottery, the place appears to have been well filled The audience consisted of men, women, and children, of the latter of whom there were a gooa many. The priests present were Father Lambert and Father Card well , Nothing unusual occurred to warn the meeting that the floor wasnot sufficiently strong, and the business of the ;evening proceeded. As the prizes were drawn, there was the usual amount of congratu lation at winning and disappointment at losing. ^Loudly expressed was the happiness of the children when the Fathers called out that either of them had won. This pleasant acene, however, wag unfortunately soon changed for one of a most dismal and heartrending description. Suddenly a large beam which supported the centre of the floor broke in towards one end and fell. Tbe sad consequence of this was that a part of the flooring about'24 feet by 18 feet gave way, and precipi tated those who were standing or sitting upon it to the ground beneath. The neighbours were apprised that some calamity bad happened by hearing a dreadful shriek, which was immediately followed by others. The affrighted people, many of whom were Irish and friends of those in the building, at first supposed that the place was on fire, and the alarm being given, the fire-escape men wbo are stationed near were summoned. Although they were not wanted to rescue people from a burning bouse, they rendered the most valuable aid. They who had fallen lay haddled amidst the broken flooring, and piled one on top of the other in what deemed at first sight inextricable confusion.. All were shriek ing for assistance. They who were being crushed by the mass of beings which was piled above them were calling upon the Holy Mother of God to deliver them, and to the Blessed Virgin to help them. The women and children who lay mangled and bleeding, also besought the Holy Virgin and the Apostle Peter to save them; while ethers called upon Almiguty ttfod tor succour. Tue. cries tor aid of, the poor sufferers were, however, almost drowned by the uproar of those who were them.i selves safe, and those who had rushed to see what was the matter. Amidst this scene of .misery the fire escape men and the police, under ^Superintendent Gibbs and Inspectors Oeaplitag and Humphreys, of the B division, set to work to render assistance. It was at once found that the .accident was a very grave one, and that 'several were in an apparently dj'ing condition. Messengers were sent to tbe Westminster Hospital, to inform the house surgeons that the services of the whole staff would be required, while others were dispatched for cabs. At least nearly one hundred persons were got out, all of whom were injured more or less.. Nearly sixty cases were taken to the Westminster Hospital, and of these thirtv-eight were found to be casualties, which included severe cuts upon all parts of the body, contusions, and some broken arms. The wounds were dressed, and the suf ferers carefully Bent home. Tbere were some sixteen cases of broken limbs, injury to the spine,* &ci;, which demanded that the patients should be received into the wards. Mr. St. Aubyn Hawken, house surgeon, tela graphed for Mr. Barnard Holt, the head surgeon who was in the country, and that gentleman speedily arrived. Some other surgeons were also in attendance, and indeed the resources of the establishment were taxed to the utmost iu order rapidly to dispose of tbe large number of cases which thus suddenly demanded attention. It required the services of tbe police in the hall of the hospital to keep something like order amongst the excited crowd who flocked there to learn bow the sufferers were getting on. Up till past twelve o'clock there were a good many relatives present, and women bemoaning that their darling children were dying. Of the sixteen dangerous cases in Westminster Hospital two were men, and the rest women and children. Some others were taken to St. George's Hospital, Hyde Pavk-corner, where their wound3 were attended to. It was only considered necessary to Keep onesuaerer in mis estaDiisument, a man named Sullivan, whose foot was crushed. In addition to the above, several were conveyed to their homos and to the Westminster Workhouse. As previously stated, the disaster was caused by the beam giving way. An examination of tbis support, which was about 15 inches square, showed that it was a piece of wood which ought never to have been employed to bear a great weight. It was of a particularly short cross grain, but whether this delect could have been observed at the time it was put up, which was not long since, as the school is comparatively new, is an open question. It was a knotty balk, and very liable to snap, which it did. Another thing which was noticed was that it was not bedded very deeply in tbe walls, only some few inches, though this probably bad nothing to do with the accident. Most of the cases in the Westminster Hospi tal are of the most serious nature, and occupied tbe attention of the house surgeons during the night. In consequence of the constant demand upon the time of the officials, the names of the present .in-patients cannot yet be given, and such wag the exhausted and critical condition of tome of the ?offerers that they could not giro any information respecting themselves. S\ie&-' was the demand upon the resources of tbe hos pital that the officers were obliged to send to &nv.; . institution at Henritta-street, Covent-garden.^.. for five extra nurses. The superintendaot of th®.L General Nursery Institution at occo sent five ear* perienced nurses to the hospital, and they, witk those. belonging to the establishment, were eu»T gaged with the surgeons the entire night before... the whole of the cases were dressed. At two o'clock on Friday morning Mr. St, Aubic Hawken, house surgeon, reported that four of the patients were not expected to survive mere.- , than a few hours. Upon institutisg inquiries on Friday afte?*- ', noon at Westminster Hospital it was nseer- ' tained that Miss Adelaide Fallen, aged 25'year8S; ., had expired at twelve o'olock in the abore- hospital. The unfortunate deceased was th© . matron of Millbank Penitentiary. The number - 're-naming in Westminster Hospital on Thurs day night was sixteen. 'Nine were admitted do Friday morning, some of them being amoagafr J; the thirty-nine who were attended to but not* retained in the establishment. The following ip the list: — Mary Ansbury* fractured arm, frac tured ribs, and concussion of the brain. Thin is a very serious case. — A woman, whose name i»-vJ; unknown, arid wbo has not yet been identified in ' any way, has fractured ribs, severe comminnteS' of the leg, and fractured arm. She', has beea insensible ever since she was brought into the nospital, and no hopes whatever can be reason ably entertained of her recovery. — Ann Keelay has sustained a compound comminuted facture of the nasal and superior maxillary bones, and- '- severe lacerated wound in the face. This is also a very dangerous case.— Eliza Shaw has a lacerated' wound on the forehead, a fracture of the frontal bone, and concussion of the brain. The surgeons give very little hopes of this case. — Mary Neil has fractured ribs and lacerated wound of tbe face.— Mary Cooper has comminuted fracture of;. the clavicle, fractured ribs, and lacerated wound of forehead.— Agnes Magratb, a little girl, has - fractured ribs and fractured humerus. James: ? Magratn, rattier or tue above-mentioned patient;, has fractured scapula, and bis foot has sustained-'^ . - severe injuries. Margaret Downey has com» pound fracture of arm, and concussion of spine $:- this is another case which it is much to be% feared will hare a fatal termination. Ellen : Shaw, sister of the previously mentioned inmate -?; ?- of tbe hospital, has severe lacerated wounds in. ? the arm and concussion of spine, injuries, whicb .-?«. ??-'?-. like those of her sister have but slight; hopes of ,'? a favourable result. — Bridget Linoh has fractured' ? femur, and severe contusions of her back an3 side.— Kate Scam tnerton has fractured clavicJev ? fractured arm, and severecontusions of the legj ... ? * and toot.— Michael Murph}', fracture at the base of the brain, and fractared ribs. — Robert HowelL , . . concussion of the spine, aad other injuries.. Subscriptions for the relief of the more destitute, of the sufferers by this terrible occurrence are? being received at the Charing-cross branch ofr the National batik. The Banshee op the O'Bkiens. — Lady ? shawe, whose husband was ambassador at the-. Spanish court in tbe reigns of Charles I. and 13^ has left an account of an individual spirit of this- ? cla?s, which was seen and heard by herself, Being on a visit at the house Lady Honors O'Brien, and having one night retired to restj ... she was awakened about one o'clock by a noise outside one of tbe windows. She arose, with drew the curtains, and beheld, by the light of the moon, a female figure leaning in through the .. ? open casement She was of a gashly complex* ion, had long red hair, and was enveloped in a white gown. She uttered a couple of words in a iouq strange tone, ana cue wicn a sign resemiD* ling tbe rushing of a wind, she disappeared* Htr substance of dense air, aud so awful was the effect produced on tbe lady of the house what' she had B8en, and the news was received with, no the marks of suprise. ' My cousin,1' sai€^ she, ' whose ancestors owned this house, died at two o'clock tbis morning, and, as is tbe case-- / with the rest of our family, the banshee was heard wailing every night during his illness.. The individual spirit who utters tbe caoine fo? this branch of the O'Briens, is supposed to be the . ghost of a woman who was seduced and mur* dered in the garden of this very house by an, . , ancestor of the gentlemau who died this morn ing. Ho flung her body into the river under tbe ? window;. bo the voice and appearence of thla?. caused more terror than those of other spirits,., with whose groif there is no bending of revenge.' — Dublin University Magazine. The Sponge Business — Tbe sponge business-. - has become a prominent department of industry;' . in the Bahama Islands. It is almost entirely., the growth of the last 20 years, and nets annu ally about 820,000. Tbe sponge is fished and'' raked from the sandy bottom of the ocean at the. « depth of 20, 40, or 60 feet. It belongs to a very./ ? low order of animal life, organisation hardly being detected. When first taken from the-* water it is black, and becomes exceedingly nffiinaim frnm Annnmnnsitinn. Tfr, is nlso nnison* ous in tbis condition that it almost blisters the-. flesh it happens to touch. The first process is? to bury it in the sand, where it remains for two ox :. three weeks, in which time the gelatinous animal' matter is absorbed and destroyed by the insects that swarm in the sand. After being cleansed^, it is compressed and packed in bales like cotton. The sponge has been applied to a variety o£ new purposes, and within the past few years has' . quadrupled in value. Singular Death.— The Peekskill Mesenger says: 'Coroner Billings held an inquest on tbe - body of Widow Fanny McDonald, who eame to her. - death under the following singular circumstances:-. She had been to the barn to feed her poultry ; when. . returning she tripped against a peg driven into^tbe ground by the garden curb, and fell with her face? directly into the tin basin which bad contained the-. - chicken feed, and being a large, fleshy woman, her... face so filled ths dish as to forbid the admission of-' air, and she died of suffocation. She was probably* - ahocked and rendered partially inseaiible; by thfc [fall.' i 