SOCIAL. So close is the affinity in our small community between matters social and political that it is at times difficult to draw the line of demarkation, which is generally so prominently apparent in colours of larger growth With us the political current flows co smoothly that we are apt to look upon it more as a stream for the Encourage incur of social intercourse than as likely to lead to dissention However bitter may have been the feelings engender! ed by the sharp contests on the vital questions which were discussed during the infancy-to use such a pin use of our constitution, as a rule all acerbity is now carefully avoided and hence so that e reason for the le miles made concerning the connection between the two great institutions in the colony. The opening of the Parliament and the first trip along our three foot six gauge line of railway for a short distance have been the o\ cuts on the current month. The former is dWubid in our political columns, the latter by icily referred to under the head of public works and fully described in another page Notwithstanding lion cru the importance attached to the ceremonies alluded to there are many other malaita which have occurred during the month, which are reared with peer has interest to a proportion of our English leaders Foremost among them may be mentioned the second Intercolonial cricket match between this colony and New South Wales the first match was played in Brisbane in 1862-, when an eleven of Sydney won the laurels from a ghost of Queensland That was the inauguration of what may) be expected to prove a series of annual matches not that for many years our players can hope to win, when pitted against such a formidable team as can now be put on the New South Wales field but because a de sire has been evinced on the part of both colonies to encourage rural tournaments similar to those which have for so long been important features of flic cricketing records of S Victoria and New South Wales ihoEastei holidays me selected by the too clubs to play the organ I mutch taint) two from Queensland proceeding to Sydney) to meet eleven-but such an eleven ' Among them were Calfwi^and Liuicnec-mun a wellknow. nat lords and the Oil and other professionals of high colonial reputation each of them a host in himself the result of the match was therefore fatal to the Q icons landers, who in then two innings oil) s owed 91 against 196 made by New South Wales in the single event the visitors from this colony were most hospitably entertained dm HIt, that the porary residence in Sydney, so that although defeated, they returned all of them highly satisfied with the reception given to them During the month the annual meeting of the Acclimatisation Society has been held After three years' hard labor and perseverance on the part of some of its member re the society has become an established fact and the Reserve granted to it has become a favorite place of resort with our citizens It is now in a position to effect exchanges with other commital and is on that account receiving greater attention from foreign societies than during the early period of its existence in connection with Acclimatisation we may mention that two gentlemen Messrs Asselin and live li who are greatly interested in the fungi at on or humane 15th s colour hue mine in uineu)uits for the introduction of silk worms into Qu ens lan with the view of establishing a silk mauve facto v on a large scale The bounty have mistaken to apportion a spate m then reserve for the cultivation of mulberry y trees and Mr Asse hn who by the way is 1 Julie Consul in Re« so the Vales his p on s d to supply) two Killed hoover to assist the society in the culture of a tons of mt trees while it is supposed may be grown in li adi stage in this colony Our A ointments have lately been falling into dealing with a section of the public and although on the occasion of the opening of Path in ent they appealed to greater ad\anta0ctlian on mi) premises on the apathy as a rule exhibited I) tried and the expense incurred by the colo it in that support has been brought under the notice of the House by Mr. R R Mat! Reid, who has moved for a detailed return in connection with them it is rumored that the Government supplies to the corps will be stopped but we believe that the loves will still be maintained On the occasion of the opening of the first twenty miles of rail way there will be a grand field day) a id encamp mont, so that then there will be a full opposite mt) afforded of )udg ng of the real numerical strength of our volunteers Among the various social institutions which are being successfully carried on although in a quiet manner, may be mentioned the Lying in Hospital and the servant s Home V with reference to the latter it has been proposed lately to hold a picnic and a ball in aid of its funds the places connected with such an establishment being great As the whole affair is under the patronage of Lady Bowen, there is reason to believe that it will be a successor late little has been heard of the other in titution we have mentioned, but as no special demands on the public have been made on its behalf, I e may conclude that it is being satisfactorily ca ned on the Fire Brigade appointed under the auspices of the Municipal Council have, not, fortunately for the city, been called upon to do actual service during the past mouth us for a wonder no fire has taken place within that period The members of it however, are to ' punctual in their attendance on the evenings set apart for drill, and we believe that when trial the new brigade will prove itself to be efficient Preparations are 1><-U>¿ theRe by Scot n s sons for a grand demonstration on her MIJIM) a Birthday, in the Botanic Ourlais Guiney of a numerous description are III he led in the [ to gramme published 0) the Caledon ian Association and tip public, it in supposed, mu muster i ! largely on the occasion. It. is intended to conclude the face with a bull in the new Town Hall. We have had no reason to complain of a paucity of amusements of late. The drama, the athlete, the elocutionist, and last, but not least, the veritable Christy's Minstrels have all favored us with a visit. The London Troupe, which attained such reputation in the other colonies and in England, have not received the support their really wonderful performances deserve. This is perhaps owing to the absence of a building of a character more in consonance with the nature of their performances than the Royal Horse Bazaar, although in itself a most creditable structure. 'The Christy's Minstrels, pleasing as they are, have hardly equalled the expectations formed of them by many-but we are apt to authors are too much from reading reports, and therefore can- not complain at being somewhat disappointed. Mr. T. P. Hill, who has in other parts of Australia earned for himself great celebrity as a master and teacher of elocution, gave two or three interesting entertainments in Brisbane, and snow on a visit to Ipswich. He did not receive the amount of encouragement he deserved from the Brisbane people, but in Ipswich, which is termed by certain persons the " Athens " of the West, he has been tolerably successful. We have now a very pretty theatre erected by Mr. Mason, of the late Victoria Hotel and the drama has a more suitable stage for its legitimate representation, than was obtainable iii the old delapidated building, facetiously called the School of Art-,. We may here mention that the new edifice, which is to bear the honorable must', hitherto bestowed upon the building referred to, is rapidly approaching completion, so that with the magnificent new Town Hall, and the Theatre, we shall always have plenty of accommodation for those whose profession it is to cater for the amusement of the public. Our criminal lists have not been of an important character of late, and although a motion has been tabled in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Gore Jones, on the subject of prison management, it must not be supposed that crime is on the increase in Queensland to any great extent. At the last Ipswich assizes an aboriginal was sentenced to death for committing a rape upon a woman-it being the second offence. The sentence has not, however, been carried out, although it is now more than a fortnight since it was passed upon him. The despatch received by his Excellency the Governor, in reference to gaol discipline, and the treatment of prisoners, has attracted some attention, and will no doubt receive due consideration from the committee appointed by Parliament. We have had, us yet, great reason to congratulate ourselves upon our immunity from crimes of this serious character that are committed in other colonies. Bushranging has been attempted at various times, it is true, but it has not been found to pay, and in the men Morgan, Hall, and Gilbert, who rendered themselves so notorious as "roadsters" in New South Wales have been shot down by the police, it is not probable that their successors will appear for some time. On the whole we can report with justice that the social character of the colony is, if under- going any change, improving. We possess many very useful institutions for the intellectual and moral improvement of our youth, and the large attendance! of pupils at our public and private schools is in itself a promise of future prosperity. The arrival of the English mail was telegraphed on Sunday evening, the 11th instant, but up to the date of our writing this Summary only a portion of the news by it has been received, in consequence of an interruption on the line. Winter has now set in, and the nights are cold us in array spring in England. 