TOWN TALK AND TABLE CHAT. We regret tbnt we cannot publish tbe vcsolution of the Meeting held at tLe TWii Hall, on Monday, reflecting upon le 'general reputation' of the Railway loturmng Officer. That resolution is ugbly libellous. And we believo llr. taws is determined to prosecute all ibels upon him that may be published, having reference to his private character, during his period of office. Recently at Hobart Town, for publishing, a statement made by Dr. Hall, as Chair man of the Benevolent Society, reflecting upon the private character of a gentleman, the publisher of the Herald received notice of astion for libel. _ Laughable ! Tho following resolution is really laughable, and yet it was gravely passed at the meeting on Monday. ' Tliat io Ministry iu appointing Mr. Yatcs to the office of Returning Officer to the Rail way, have betrayed tbe trust conlided to hem ! Ha ! Ha I Confided to tucm, by whom ! liy the movers and seconders the Resolutions at the Meeting t Did cither of those persons ever do otber tban abuse tho present Ministry 1 Ob ! Oh I This is news : That tbo Ministry have betrayed the trust confided to them by MessreCrookos Sherwin.Gleadow.Uartley, and Webster ! The Simonseks assisted by MissGer aldine Warden aud Miss Liddle gave their first cr.nfert hero on Monday evening in tho Town Mall. Taking into considera tion the celebrity of these talented ar tistes, their high European reputation and their popularity in the adjoining co lonies we know uot how to account for the very limited attendance on this oc casion. Their charges for admission are certainly higher than tho people of Laun ceston havo been nccustomed to pay for some time past ; but this is scarcely sufficient to account for such apathy amongst those who usually patronizo the ghost class of musical talent liberally. Martin and Madame Sintonscn are ns has beeu well said of them both, genuino ar tistes—artistes by nature and Dy cultiva tion. Madame Simonsen has triumphed at IVis and possesses the purest and most flexible sopraiio voice which lins ever en chanted an audienco in this hemisphere.. The brilliance of her rendering ' Casta Uivn' from Bellini's opera ' Norma' was; supnrb. Sbe revollod, in surmounting, with apparent ease, tha difficulties of this; piece, and the audience innde up in some measure for their limited number by the enthusiasm of their applause. Mr Mar tin Sirubnsen's variations on several Eng lish and Irish airs stamped him as a great violinist,-but his ' Hemembraucee Qettnany Oberlaudor' and bis wonder fnl power us displayed in llie '(Jnrni'val If Venice' with variations, exhibited such acelleDCc'in liowiug, fingering, mcdula Jionand variety of tone as places him lj«r|i above alf vinliijints who have visited (tec colonies This is no mere assertion if our own ; it is tho deliberate opinion ?nf ttie tnost talented umaicul amateurs of S' ncestoa, and they are no mean autho rity His masterly freedom of bowing, his correct modulation and wonderful' pffects produced without any contortion «nd with little apparent effort, plado him I'; jj auovc Miska Hauser, M. Poussard, moM. Heine, the three greatest violinists who have preceded M. Simonsen here. The most musical tones of the fliife, the nircolo the clarionet and otber wind in struments are produced at will by M Siniouseu on the violin. He evinces the truo sympathy of a ^reat artist with hia ''struBicHt, uud at tunes produces the most delicate aud tremulous pasanges without seeming to move his bow. The second part of tlio concert consisted .iu'eflv of comic and serio-co.) i ; pieces in SSter. The duett-' Mr and Mrs Brown,' 1)}' Madame tJimonsen and Miss Warden was a most amusing little matri monial musical slretcli. Miss Liddle sang theserio-conuc ballad— 'The Captain and Ms Whisker8'— in a rich, full' voice, brimful of pathos, and tinged with sweet naivete «id coniirality ; and the comic duett— 'Dost tliou l»ve nio sister JJuth,'— be- tween Madanic 'Sinun.en as the male ouaker, and Miss Liddle as sister Huth (both iu character and well gofup) formed a pleasant finale to o»c of tho most re cherche musical treats wo have ever been present nt. Miss Warden presided at the niaiioforte most of tlic evening, and sung Farmer's beautiful ballad — 'I follow tliee'— i« a style w»ic)l cIic'te[i general applause. If any doubt was entertained fee of the high abilities of the Simon sen's it is now thoroughly dissipated, last' niglit, in consequence of the fall of rain, M. Simonscn declined to proceed with the second concert ; and this evening, we regret to say, they give posi-' tively their last concert in Liunceslon, as they are to aujicar.it Campbell Town to-morrow evening ; at Oatlands, on Fri day j and nt Brighton on Saturday even ing—on tiieir way to Houart Town, where, ire have no doubt, tlii'y wjU meet with a much better reception than in iaunccslon The best reply to all the ' blowing' at the Town Hall on Monday, is the procla mation for the Mortgage of Properties in the Bailway District, which appears in yesterday's Gazette. It will be found in the place of our first leader. A very fine lad nnmed William Itawlings, about nine years of nge was drowned yes terday morning, when bathing l:ctwecn the Cataract Mill mill the South Ksk Bridge Some men who saw the lioy go in aiul missed him nftenvtrds sent for his father »!io »?«» Koik'mg nt the New Roman Catholic Church, nt\A informed him of the circumstance. The father rushed down to the rescue of hie child and foou found Lim lifeless near the place he went in to bailie. Tho poor man bore the bo iy o! bis child towards home, but was informed that he was bound tiy lnw to take it to the nearest public house, iir. Barnes and Air. Beading ivlio both evinced great sympathy with JlmvIingF, told him to pay no attention to such unnatural udvic?, but to take the boy home, send for n.e Heal aid, nrvl c i deavour- to restore animation. Mrs. Raw Jiflfs met her hiisbnisd with the dead boy in his arn:e in Patterson-street, and she fell down and tainted when she heard that it was really her own Willie. Nearly three quarters of an hour must have elapsed between the time the hoy was nixed and recovered, to thnt there was little or no hope that animation could be restored to the body. An inquest was ht\i upon the body at the residence of Mr. lUwVmjis, FranUland-street, yesterday itermon. The ninth number of the Australian Journal cmtiiiiis an excellent woodcut of the Liiidon and Paris fashions for August. ' Mary Summers,' the leading tale, was not concluded in number eight, but is continued, and to be continued. 'Force and Fraud' 18 also continued; and Robin Goodfellon' gives us the first instalment of a sketch which promises to he very interesting to all Tasmanian readers—' From the South ; or my Holiday Trip to Tasmania,' Three chap ters or lessons ere devoted to the ladies, to qualify — '' Every Wife' to be ' Her own Tormentor,' and good legal value is given in a plain skeleton of a will, which is sufficiently clear to enable every man to devise his property to his wife. John Thomas Iveson .Tones, charged at the Police Office on Saturday, with threat eniupand a tempting to assault Adelaide laird, was further charged with threaten ing to asaault his wife, and was bound over to keep the peace for two months. William Mitchell, a boy about twelve years of age, was brought before the rohec Magistrate on Saturday, as being of unsound mind, not under proper care or control, and neglected by his relatives. ile was remanded for a week, and will be forwarded to the Hospital for the Insane. t ^?, case aSainst J»'o Williams, and Isabella Munro. for assaulting Jane Si;np wn,ou the 2(lth October, was heard at the Police-office, on Monday, aud Yester day, when Williams was fined *)s. and costs or in default of payment one month's hard labor ; and Isabella Munro, tUe woman with a wooden leer, was dis charged. c %'ac? Jawing 'sued Mr. Kenneth bmith, at the Police-office, yesterday, for rt oi 1 ?dA Wages duc and 'wing on 2£«**/*0«tober. The defendant did not put m an appearance, and the Bench. £?n8I8Qtl!f ,of 'he rWka Magistrate and WUlwm ttankin was fined £i, with Arthur M'Donald, by beating and kick. gW.4?1 ^- T'lursday last. It appwrcd f ifeBmtanwu informed ihat the tZ t i a S bMI*««l'n^nd the de fendant- bad then taken the kw iu his own hand. An inquest is to bo held by William Gusn Esq., Coroner, at the NewsUad Inn at U oclock to-day, to investigate the cause of death of an elderly man WSIicIjmIO Connor, at Newstead, yos Ve^^i ft for flS -iou!d bo 'wcertained i™£ it ay'r ° P™ lmd been discharged from the Invahd Station some time ago, newas suffenag from varicose veins in BLW a°d ,aa some of them burst he l^nsd. medical °id Could bo Ihe L. & M. S. N. Company having placed the 'Oity of Lauuceston' at the disposal of the Northern Railway League for to morrow, that vessel will make a plcnsurn trip to George Town, leaving the Wharf at half-past 9 o'clock. Several persons have agreed to close their busi ness premises, in consequence of this.but tho Bunks, Public Offirea, and business premises generally, will not be closed. Tlio Rifle Band have been engaged, and they will play some choice dance music The Odd-Fellows of the Cornwall Lodge, M.U., intend following the ex ample sot by the Star of Ta-mania Lodge, by celebrating itsAnniversary in thePublic Gardens, an the 9th instant, instead of having the usual dinner at the Court house Hotel . Tlic success attending the previous fete on the 24th of liny, was such as to encourage those who had the management thereof to attempt a second ; the result of which, we trust will be equally gratifying. Wo find it notified in the last Railway Banner, that all Rnilivayjiien are recom mended to adopt light blue favors as a distinguishing color at the forthcoming election. Wo presume the George Town election is the one referred to, and in justice to the railwaymen and their can didate we remind them that according to the Electoral Act, the display of party colon at an election will vitiate the elec tion of the candidate in whose favor they may bo displayed, should he Buccecd iu polling the largest number of votes ; and as the intention of the Legislature was to ?prevent election riots, penalties have been provided for those electors who provoke hostility by the display of party colors Mr. B. R. Patey has established in St. John street, labor offices for both sexes, at which families in Town or Country can be supplied with Bervaiits of good character. Mr. Patey, wo believe, was the first to establish cxtensivo labor offices in liobart Town, to supply this coony with servants, laborers, and tradesmen from Vi'.toiia, when labor was remark ably scarce in tbia colony. Mr. 1'atey lias his Law Writing, and Accountancy Offices alsoin St. John-street, withia tivo doors of York-street. 