Smpl Jttt^llii}^. CONSECRATION OF THE MEMORIAL 'CHURCH OF ST. JOHN. This church is erected , in memoir of the late Captain John Lunan Wilkie, of H. M. 12th Regiment, who died at Burrrangong in the year 1862\. The funds have been principally raised by the exertiohs of his widow, Mrs. Wilkie. Indeed, if it had not been for the active liberality of this lady, there would have been no English Church.in Burrangong at this day. The total cost of the building has heea £1500, and of this sum Mrs. Wilkie gave £300, and during her visit to England, soon after the death of her husband, she collected £300 more. Mr. Roberts, of Currawang, gave £100, the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, £100; the Goulbnrn Church Society, £100; the Sydney Chutreh Society, £50; and the remainder has been collected in local subscriptions. Mrs. Wilkie expended about £250 in England in the purchase of the font, and encaustic tiles, and the interior fittings of the church. She also presented two beautifully carved chairs, for the use of the clergy at the communion table, and executed all the needle work upon them herself. The bell was presented by Mrs. Roberts. The .church stands in a railed enclosure, intersected by broad gravel walks running through tastefully laid out flower beds aurroipded by turf. The grounds are to be planted with shrubs and trees, but these have not as yet been received from Sydney. The church is a very neat brick built structure,- eonsistipg ef a chancel and nave. It will seat about 200 persons. The total length is 67 feet; the width of the nave being 25, and that of the chancel 18 feet. The uniformity of the exterior outline is broken, by the addition of a small porch on one side, and of a vestry of rather larger deminsions, on the opposite end of the other- The western front is surmounted by a modest bell turret, its extreme height being 47 feet. The ridgings of the roof are covered with cappiags of ornamental metal, and all tlSe gqble ends terminate in light and fanciful crosses of iron. The roof of the nave is steeply pitched, is 32 feet high, and is constructed of open woodwork, in colonial pine, boarded and shingled. The chancel roof is of the same character, but is some feet lower. The rafters and boardings are well varnished, and the general effect if extremely pleasing. The church is lighted on the sides by seven lancet windows in the nave, and one in the chancel. The eastern and western windows are of nearly similar design, and are oomposed of three lancets grouped under one arch. They are of ground diamond paned glass with a plain Jleur de lit in the centre of each pane, the whole encircled by narrow bordering® of stained glass in alternate colours. The side windows are of plain glass. The arching of chancel, and of the windows and doors is very effectively brought out in coloured brickwork, and courses of black bricks are also carried round the walls. This system of decoration is repeated upon the exterior of the church. The brickwork is neatly pointed to within foip feet of the floor, and the remainder io plastered to represent stone. The pavement of the chancel is inlaid throughout with brilliantly. coloured encaustic tiles, skilfully arranged in a Tariety of designs. They ore glazed and extremely hard. Most of them are sipiply coloured; but some of the-borderings are charged with beautifully executed ornamental devices. A gdthic communion rail of carved cedar runs across the chancel. The sittings are all open, and like the pulpit, are of stained and varnished pine. The font,. which is of carved stone, occupies a prominent position beneath the western wifioow. Clusters of globe *lamps~are' supported by Tour handsome bronze and gilt chanaeliers suspended from the roof. A marble tablet is let into the wall over the communion table, and another in the wall of the western «^tprior. They both bear the following inscription• The church isjpretty, well proportioned, and beautif^y finished. It is not a straight, square, hideous barn, like too many ! of the buildings that do duty for . churches in the bush, but an elegant, ecclesiastical looking edifice that the eye "may reflt upon' with pleasure. The general effect pf jipe interior..is particularly attractive; the apppijitments are in excellent keeping, and th? decorations afid embellishments have . been inoit tastefully executed. The plans were,procured in Eng. land, and were design^ bfMr. Eddis, architect of London.' The^uudation stone.was laid by the Rev. W. H. Ptfgnall, on thjs 8l»t jifarch last; and the buildertii. Messrs,- Lwder and Co., of Young, have Ir -• - upon it ever since. Tjw. actively employed work in the most .creditai B&"Jjbuitt&l; e ted their On Wednesday last, smUed.Tv^ of Goulburn and Mrs. Thomas arrived at Curiawong. They remained there that flight as the guests of J. Roberts, Esq., and abbut midday on Thursday set out for Young, i They^ travelled in a covered bnggy, and were accompanied to Young by Mr. and Mrs. Roberts, and the Bev. F. A. C. Lillington. They arrived rather earlier than was expected, and were therefore met by, a very indifferent escort. Oh Thursday morning, the whole town was astir. Nearly all the places of business were closed, and the day. was observed as a general. holiday. At half-past ten the bell commenced tolling, and by eleven the church 'was crowded in every part. Everything was complete and in its place, thanks to the untiring exertions of the Churchwardens—Messrs. James Watson and William Bigg, who have devoted almoRt the whole of their time^for the past, week in completing the arrangements. The interior of the church iB really admirable, and, how the last finishing touches to the decorations and appointments have been concluded, its general effect' is strikingly beautiful. The people of Young may well be -proud of their church ; we believe there arc none in the Diocese, and few in the colony that can rank- above it. The communion table was covered with a linen cloth, and the silver Sacramental Vessels were placed upon it. At 11 o'clock the Lord Bishop of Goulburn in his episcopal robes took his seat on tlie north side of the. communion table, the Kev. F. A. C.Lillirigston on the south, and the Bev. W. H. Pownell occupied the reading desk. The Bishop then advanced to the front of the communion rail, and Mr. Pownsll, attended by the churchwardens approached him and read tho following petition for consecration. To the Eight Reverend. Father in God, Mesac, by divine permission Bishop of Goulburn. The petition of the Reverend W. H" Fownall licensed minister of the district of Toung within vour Lordehips' Diocese, and of the membess of the Church of England resident in the said district, ' SHEWITH, That the chureh recently erected at Young by Mrs. Wilkie and friends to the memory of the late Captain,Wilkie of H. M. 12/b- regiment of foot, her deceased fcusbtind, upon a site granted by the Government, and being in length from East to West 67 feet, and in breadth from North, to South 25 feet, has not as yet been consecrated'. That the (aid church is furnished with seats, reading desk, font, communion table, and all ether things proper and appointed for the due celebration of divine service according to tie uee of tho United Church ofEugland and Ireland. Tour petitioners therefore pray that your Lordship will be pleased by virhie of your Pastoral and Episcopal office, to Bet. apart the said church for ever from all profane and common uses, and dedicate the same by the name of the Church of St. John the Evangelist, at Young, to the honour of Almighty God, and to conBecrato the san e for the celebration of divine -worship therein according to the rites of the United Church of England and Ireland. And your petitioners will ever pray. The Bishop then read the following sentence of Consecration :— In the name of Amen. Whereas, ice did lately receive the petition of the Rev. W. H. Pownall, licensed Minister "of the district of Young within this Diocese and jurisdiction, and of the several residents, in and about the same place, whose names are thereunto subscribed, praying that we would be pleated to consecrate the church at Young, to be named the Church of St. John, the Evangelist recently erected by Mrs. J. L. Wilkie and other subscribers to the memory of her deceased husband, the late Captain John Wilkie, of H. M. 12th Regiment. And whereas, have taken the said petition into our most serious consideration, and have at the special desire of the said inhabitants complied with the same. Now, therefore, we, Mesac, by Divine Permission, Bishop of Goulburn, do, in virtue of our ordinary and episcopal authority, separate and set apart the said ediGce from all profane and common uses, and do hereby dedicate the Church of St. John the Evangelist^at Young aforesaid, and do consecrate it for tho eeloeration of Divine worship therein according to the rites of the United Church of England and Ireland. And we do openly and publicly pronouncc and declare th&fc; the said Church shall so continue for ever hereafter, separated, dedicated, and consecrntcd, by thiB our definite sentence or final decrce, whi«h we make and promulge in these writings, saving and reserving unto us, and our successors, Bishops of Goulburn, all ordit ary and episcopal jurisdiction, rights, and privileges. In testimony whereof we have caused our episcopal seal to be hereunto affixed, nnd have subscribed the same this eleventh day of August, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and of our consecration the third. After the reading of the Sentence of Consecration, the Bishop, attended by the two clergymen, walked up an down the whole length of the church, repeating while so doing the 24th Psalm, in alternate verses with the clergy. Several prayers were then read by the Bishop, from a special form of service used on these occasions. At " the conclusion of these prayers the ordinary morning service was commenced by tho Bev. W. H. Pownall. The lessons and the epistle were read by the Bev. P. A. C. Lillingston, and the gospel by the Bishop. Mrs. Pownall provided her own harfnonium for the occasion, and presided at the instrument herself. The singing was very good indeed. The sermon wag preached by the Bishop, who took his test from— " Haggai, I. 7.8: " Thus, said the Lord of Hosts, -cotisidei^pour ways. Go up "to the mountain, add Bring wood, and build this house; and TJB1 take pleasure in it, audi will be glorified,^Mh the Lord." His Lordship advertedijjg ttj^Tsolemnityof the occasion, on which they iprwe assembled for the dedicating of the new house, to the glory of the Saviour, and the religious welfare of the community. The text invited then towsider (I) the duly of " building the houBe," to the glory' of God. (II) The promise the Lord Trill take pleasure in it; and (III) the Testat 1 " Twill be glorified, saith the Lord." This was a duty which they owed to the God.and Pather of all •wbo provided for all their need; to the Saviour who shed His precious blood for^ieic salvation.- 1 ^othe_ Holy Ghost, who was svaiting to apply to their hearts the benefits 4>f redemption; a duty, which they owed to tb«ir own immortal souls; to their families, their neighbours, rod to those that should come after^ilieto.' The people of England are under God, as inudi jii-» debted both' to the wisdom and piely joftheir ancestors in building churches, as any people ever were. The founders and builders of these ancient churches which are the gloiy of the old country, knew tnat "righteousness exalted a nation,' that a sense of religions obligations must be kept alive byiiallowing the Lord's Day, and bv assembling together for prayer and hearing the word of God; and therefore, they, with great foresight, had subdivided the whole countiy into manageable parishes, where everyone had his place in church, Cve»T church its minister within reach. (II) Here, too, was a precious promise, " I .will take pleasUrO in it." It appears from the context in ijw Prophet, Haggai, that so long as the Jews Hid not build their temple, their olives.theirfig-trfipsi their pomegranates and their olive-trees, did &Ot; bring forth: but fromthe dayJthat the foundation of the Lord's House wag laid—consider it—from this day will 'I bless TOu. saith the Lord." It is evident the real happiness and true prosperity of a poople will be in proportion to their always acknowledging the Lord in all their ways, and in all their sUbitanco, aud task- ing provision for the right ministration of the Ordinances of religion. Let the people of this colony devote' one ' part or due proportion pf their Substance for the erection of houses of prayer ahd school-rooms for christian education, for the sustenance -of the ministiy of the Gospel of Jfesus Christ, if they would avert the judgement bf God from blighting stheir corn and destroying their cattle.—the " smiting them with blasting wind'." (III.) The object to be aimed Was " to- glorify God." They^had been engaged in consecrating |t church of.earthly materials. ^ThcgWat object was to build up a spiritual hdtise within it. The Lord Jesus Christ is tbe only foundation of the spiritual church. He the builder, every stone must be prepared by Him before it is fit tb be placed in the Spiritual Temple, prepared by Repentance and faith through the operation of the Holy Ghost "hewn out of the rock, and digged out of the hole of the pit." The- unrenewed man -is embedded in the world, as the stone in the quarry, the hand of the Almighty Saviour can alone dig out the soul from its natural state and place it on the true foundation. How important to by a good foundation, and to be uhited hy the true cement, by the grace of the Holy Ghost, to the Saviour, and to the true Church of Christ. The company of believers wis Christ's Spiritual House, «d yet etch beli ver was also to be a Temple of God though the habitation of God the HolyGhost. This day some of them had been ministerially -engaged in the solemn acts of conseorating the building to the glory of the undivided trinity ; and now it remained for the people to perform their parts. When Moses had fully set up the'jTaberacle in the Wilderness, and had sanctified it, then the princes and the people brought their offerings too before the Lord—sis covered waggons and twelve osen, <fcc. And so when King Solomon and all Israel with him had finished the dedication of the glorious temple 3n Jerusalem after he had lavished untold wealth upon the structure, they " offered sacrifice before the Lord—22,000 oxen and 120,000 sheep." The Bishop appropriately applied this, urging that, though they had all been aiding to build the house, they, too, had the opportunity of imitating this good scriptural example. A hundred pounds were still needed, and he felt persuaded that die greatest portion of that amount would be contributed at the offertory. He concluded with an affectionate appeal to each to give his heart to the Saviour, and a proportion of* his sub- stance for the es.teDsion of nis Kingdom. The rest of the service wa« proceeded with, and after the chaplain had saia the offentory sentences and the prayer for the Church, the services was closed with the Benediction. THB CNUBCH FESTIVAL. The Church Festival was held in the building situated in Burrowa-street, which has been hitherto used as a temporary church. The walls of the room and the cross-beams were tastefully decorated with various national and other gay flags, and festoon-work of the boughs of the mimosa and acacia. The tables were arranged in three sets, running the fill! length of the building. At the upper end of the building there was a cross-table, and tho wall was covered with the Union Jack. The whole of the tables wore numbered and drawn on last Wednesday evening, and, according to this drawing, we give the names of the ladies with the corresponding number in the order in which the tables wero drawn. Mrs. McLelland, Nos. 7 and 8 ; Mrs. Bigg, No. 3 ; Mrs. Nash, No. 6 ; Mrs. Temple, No. 1; Mrs. Sanderson, No. 2; Mrs. Manna, No. 4; Mrs. Coupland, No. 6; Mrs. Matthews, No. 9. Mrs. Pownall presided at the table at the upper end of the room. The tables were arranged with the greatest taste, and it was evident at the first glance that neither pains nor expense had been spared in providing, decorating, and arranging the good things which covered them. Nothing had been omitted which money could purchase, or taste suggest. The display was beyond the ordinary character, and reflected the greatest credit*, OH the lftdTes concerned. Tbe room was crowded, no' se?.t bring anywhere vacant. Eveiyone seemed in high spirits. The room was brilliantly lighted, and what with the glitter of the crystals and china, the. display of ladies' elegant dresses, and the air of happiness which seemed to possess all present, the affair appeared one of festivity in reality, instead of a gloomy assemblage as these meetings usually are. At the table at the upper end of the room, sat the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, the Bev. F. A. C. Lillingston, Incumbent of Yass, ahd Chaplain to the Bishop, the Rev. W. H. Pownall, Incumbent of Young, and members of the Church Committee. At about sis o'clock the Bishop commenced the proceedings by prayer. After that a hymn was sung, and then those present testified to the ladies in the most positive ninnnpr how much they appreciated tho good tbinga provided. At the conclusion of the tea th^gjend hymn, commenced " Thou whose •Hgghty word" was sung. _ The Bishop then OTTercd up a prayer, in which he made special mention of Mrs. Wilkie, and prayed most fervently that she might live to know the comfort that would be derived from the preaching of the blessed gospel in that place. He prayed that God might bless her, and he thanked him for putting it into her heart to do Buch good things for this place, «nd he hoped she would be blessed for what she still wished to do for the education of the children. After the prayer his Lordship said he would not detain them long at present. He did not think when he visited them:* short ago that lie would have to return so soon to perform so pleasing a duty as that which had been done that day. He was heartily thankful the work-was completed, and he was sure they were thankful also. He prayed that their > beloved minister might be Messed in his ministration, and that he might become great in his preaching among them in the cause of the Great Father of all good. 35 very minister that praehedyireached for the conyeriipg, of souls,; tions would be, 'benefitted fy^S^g^^^now beinp preached and taught. He woidd: not detain them further at that stage of then^eeting. Mr. Pownall, Mr. Idllingston, and a iayinan, Mr. Edwards would address them, and atthie conclusion of the proceedings he would offer them a few remarks. The Bev. W. H. Pownall «aid he felt somewhat at a loss. He -was so accustomed. to preach, thatlie fdtiiimself in some difficulty when called upon ito speak vithout *a 4ext. He had often said that he would imther preacb a dozen sermons than iztakeone speech. He would, however. say a few words with reference to his labours of the past twelve months. - It was a strange fact that It was exactly twelve months that day since he arrived on Burrangong. . He did not think of it at the time he set that day down-for the consecration. G'n that dav twelve months it was a very, wet day. . When he arrived in Burrowa it rained; he no umbrella, and his clothes got wet through' three times. When he arrived in Yonngrhe, nearly got bogged in Burrawa-sliwpt. They.; had no place to meet in for ^ purpose of holding divine' service, jfjiey managed to obtain an jtron stgre. From thwrp they moved to'ithe CQflrt-'House; and then tbey came to that place, the/bmldjng; ttey yrpre then in. But temple, and he iioped *bar^ l^fm^inuper to them long in wat ehurch to tell them bf the truths of the X<ord Jesus Christ. If he was Bparpd among thom he would tell thorn of no doctrine, but as it *rM>&ind; in the bible—in tho gospels of the Lord Jena Christ and St. Pa»l. fi 0 knew how imperfect he was. If they watched liim they would feroeiVe his imperfections. When alone in the bush, and thinking of his own imperfections, it often laid him low in the dustoften ma le him cry aloud " God be merciful to me a sinner." A friend of his in China used to say that if the sins of ministers were so great that if the blood of Christ could wash them»«Mr none need despair. They would do well to bear in mind what the Bishop had told them that day, and not take to themselves "all the credit of this church which they had opened and think that they had done enough. Tliev siojdd consider that before they-got out of tha't building which they were then in there wamuch to be done. If they began to nrid themselves upon what they had done thr» would go back. Christ, had said, "feed inV sheep, feed my Ismbs," and Ihev bad much v,i to do. They had now got a church, but tb r had no school. Mrs. Wilkie had made - proposition. It was to the effect that if f * or eight squatters, or o'thers in the distri. : who were able to give, would ^contrita '. towards tho erectioii of a school giving £25 each, ahewodld give £100. (Cheei ' There was also another proposition emanat .- from the Bishop. lordship, said that • eight squatters or others would give £25 e - to assist Mrs. Wilkie, he would rive £-r (Cheers.) They must have a sehool It , I of as much importance as a church, and til • would have to givfe a long pull, and stro:," Pft " nd « P u " tether till they had.accon pushed the work. (Hear, hear.) Thev mus.. turf; be discouraged m thin respect, and if th,»- met people who pulled longfaces v,hen th, y talked of this matter, they must not be dj. couraged. A Sunday- school Wa8 0fthe ereftty / importance, and a thing above all Others tV should not be lost sight of. Mr. Thane hed Sunday,8chool here before he arrived, and he sin cerly hoped it would prosper, «,d he hoped tha their Sunday- school would prosper too. frecam , from Lancashire, most of them had heard < " Lancashire. lie once visited a scboel there, i", Blackburn, and was astonished to. observe tl , number ot children that wer, being there taugl. the way to Christ. There were as many as si - hundred in one room. He went into ano+1. i room, and there were four-hundred youne m n from twenty-one to twenty-two years ofa o lliese at this age were not ashamed to eo to school and be taught. There were voune < o- men there, too. He was once teacher o a ragged school, and he never had to deal wit i a more troublesome set of children. Thev ad very short hair, (laughter), they woreusnrily called gaol- birds, (laughter). So soon as tl 4 hair began to grow a little, they did somothi spent a week m gaol, and got their hair crop: ed short again. (Laughter.) They were not^ nu ticular what they did. They had a hab;' of turning the gas off occasionally, (laughter), nd other freaks of a like nature. They once ha to get a policeman and place him behind the (i or, and when the young rascals came in they est ed the policeman—or peeler as they called hi' .- and they for once conducted themselves , -operly. After he went to China, he met a yo ng man who had been one of the worst of ti se boys. He had stowed himself away i n, vessel bound for Australia, aud on the pashad so enlisted the sympathies of the cap : Ja of the vessel, that he (the eaptain) had t,. en him under his care, and at that time, he ias "bout to become second officer of the F .in. But there was something better than i lhat boy had never forgotten the truth tn >ht in the ragged-school. He had adhered U iiis bible, and took it on board the ship as his ( o- l t " e s P«<ker) remembered 1 eir Bishops speaking once at Exeter Hall, and elling a remarkable anecdote, in which the pr nri. pa. matter was " never give up." There v is a very pood man present—one Judge Pav•>— who had done much for children, and 'sr the conclusion of the proceedings he rose up nnd repeated some lines he had written on 'hat the Bishop had said. His Lordship had r > rcmembranre of the affair till he mentioned I!I TO him that night. He would repeat the line: Never give up; there are thousands to win, Though there are thousands already brought in Bat, till both uumheH in safety I ace, ° Never give up, ie the mot to for me! Never give up, says the Earl in the chair, Who hasBO long tpsde the ragged his care, Drawing them out of the gutter and mire, Never give up, is his constant desire! Never give up, says the Bishop, vho.goea Over the ocean to lessen earth's -woes. Always believing this Thomas has been Never give up, will his maxim be seen! Nover give up, but methinks that I hear, Some one quite weary, exclaim with a sneer, " You will, if talking much longer you keep, Never give up till you've sent us to sleep." So, in eovctusion, at once I must ftqr ftjBF while you're working, and work while yo' pny And; ifyou seek with your master " to sup," Never, no never, no never give up! The BEV. F. A. C. LUAUTGSON then ro; e ani said, he was like Mr. Pownall, and liled to have a test or something to stick his ol <errations on. The subject they' had gathe ;d together to discuss that night was twofold, ' was prospective, and reprospective. It w^. omething like the Boman God with two headj, one looking forward and the other looking lack. He remembered the advicc .of an pld . : 7;ne, who said go right at a subject as if yon rieant to go through it, and fight it* then go rc i.id it, and then Jrun away from it altogether. Now, he did not know much about fighting, •> :t ho would endeavour to treat his subject- nmething after that style. Mr. Pownall su'd the boy in the ragged school, in Brick-slrc^t. who by the way turned out a brick, always i- ed to hg ,T^h| i meant to make a man of himself. • tue%oys in this country said much tie 0f thug, only they generally went the wrc .. to work, they left their parents and : de al! over the countiy, and generally made d < ikevt of themselves v The ragged school bc ; sue needed because lie first commenced wit dois; his duty to God, and if all young pe. ;le di.i the same, they would succeed too. :» t joi could not cxpect children to do this ftkfj were not taught, and the wqy to. effect t s by building schools. It was all very ell for people to talk about persons doing tl ., ths!, and the. other* but they did not k<\>vcti* difficulties they bad to contend with Ther had heard a good deal about building (. burchci and schools, and tKey knew these things cost» good deal of inoney, but it cost more+) hang» .single criminal thsjn it did to build a scboo:. Let then* then set " to work and build -choolB, eduoate their young, put them in the rig it way, and thus aave themselves the expenso t-f hanging them. It is by far the best an i most ; economical plan. Set your shoulder to >hc wheel and how ea^ u thA task. Let them au cry " JEscelsior," a&dlceep; pushing forwird, sad they would enny' out all they uni-ertook. 'Yesterday he thought he had the } rettiest SMMI' in the district, but' he. could no. say w He Was charmed' with their beautiim Cbwoh, but though be was a parson he ww» litJie bit jealous of it, and he hardly knew now what he sm>iild "think, of his own. Mr. 'f' 1 was a kind of frep selector, and he had fenwi in his allotment that day, and he thoughtw> had more than £40 worth of improvement" uponlt, and was entitled to the deeds. wanted good schools to keep tho church in countenance, and as Mrs. Wilkie had promise* w help them, and they had a lady for a leader,,w» them follow in her .footsteps and wortlnlj port tho cause Bhe wsis striving for, HO«W gratulated thomon flip accomplishment oi v ' WlLLUM HKNEBY PbwNALt. JAUEB WATSON ) ™ , J WILLIAM BTGG > CburchTrardens " J. B. EDWASDS, Secretary. M. GoFLBrax. 