THE GOLDEN ROSE. BY WM. J. THOMAS. 'This yer^' quoth the quaint old chronicler, Edward Hale, speaking of the sixteenth of Henry the Eighth— 'This yere, the first day of Sep tember, was Doctor Thomas Hannibal, Master of the Rolles, received into London, with erles and bishoppes, and diverse other nobles and gentlemen , as ambassadors from Clement, bishop of Rome, which brought with him a rose of gold for a token to the Kyng ; the people as he passed thought to have seen the rose, but it was not ; showed, tyll he came to the Kyng at Wynsore on the day of theNativiticof our Lady, onwhichafter a solemne masse song by the Cardinall of Yorke, the said present was delivered to the Kyng, which was a tree forged of the golde, and wrought with branches, leaves and flowers, re sembling roses ; this tree was set in a pot of gold, which pot had three feet of antike fashion ;' the pot was of measure half a pinte ; in the uppermost rose was a fine saphier loupe perced, bigness of an acorne; the tree was of height halfe an English yarde, and in bredtih it was a foote. The said ambassador in delivering the same rose made an oracion, declarynge the good mind, love, and favor, that the Bishop of Rome bare to the Kyng, in token whereof he sent him that present, which the Kyng thankfully re ceived, and delivered it to him again, and so he bare it open before the Kyng, from the College to the great chamber, and there delivered it to the Master of the Juell-house, and so there ended his legaeion.' In 1847, the Hon. R. Bingham, British Envoy at the Court of Turin, writing to Lord Palmers ton on the 13th of December, says, — 'A ceremony of a religious character took Dlace vesterdav at the Court of Turin, on the occasion of the presentation by proxy of the Consecrated Rose (Rose Benite,) which has been lately sent to Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Savoy by His Holiness the Pope, who, as your lordship knows, is the sponsor of the newly- born Princess Maria Pia, her daughter. 'The Consecrated Rose, which is composed of massive gold, has been for many centuries held in the highest veneration by devout Catholics, on account of the frequent spiritual blessings it receives during successive years that precede its presentation. '? The circumstance that the See of Rome has never bestowed the Consecrated Rose except upon renowned sovereigns and illustrious princes of royal parentage, makes the offering of His Holiness, in the present instance, more flattering to the Royal House of Savoy. ' Monsieur Santucci, the Chief Secretary a.nd Counsellor to the Apostolical Nuncio at this Court, had the honor of presenting the rose to Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Savoy, and of officiating at the high mass which was after wards celebrated, having been previously appoin ted Ablegate with full powers by the Govern ment of Rome.' oome tnree or iour years since trie iouowmg paragraph appeared in the Times, and went the round of all the papers : 'The Pope,' says a letter from Rome, 'recently, in accordance with annual custom, blessed what is called the Golden Rose. This flower, which is made of the purest gold, and ornamented with precious stones, was rubbed with balm and incense — His Holiness reciting verses explaining the mystic meaning of the benediction ; after which he took it in his left hand and blessed the people. Mass was then celebrated in the Sistine Chapel. The Gold Roses are ordinarily sent to female sovereigns, sometimes to princes, and sometimes, though rarely, to towns and corporations. The one of last year was sent to the Empress of the French, and that of the year before to the Queen of Spain.' Similar allusions to the Golden Rose are fre quently met with in old chronicles, State papers, and other historical authorities ; yet, strange to say, the history of that ancient emblem of Papal favor has not hitherto — at least so far as I am aware — attracted the attention of any English antiquary. The following notes may therefore possess some interest. They were collected many years since, and were intended to form a portion of a small popular archaeological volume, which may one day see the light, should it ever be my lot to find that leisure which is always looked for, but never comes. The ceremony of blessing the Golden Rose takes plape on the fourth Sunday in Lent, which is sometimes called Dominica Rosa from this circumstance, but more commonly 'Dominica Lsetare Hierusalem,' from the introit of the mass beginning that day with these words of the Prophet Isaiah. On this day the altar is more richly adorned with flowers, &c;, than on any other Sunday ; ;he cardinals wear rose-colored vestures, the nriests who nfirfnrm Tnn.Hn nrp. rVirvKhpfl in rln.Tmn.. tics and robes of violet, and the Pope, in his way to the church in which the ceremony is per formed, traverses the city on horseback in solemn procession, bearing in his hand the Golden Rose ; and, formerly, the rose, with its symbolism, was taken as the subject upon which he preached on this day ; a sermon preached by Innocent III. on this occasion is still extant. The following are the principal ceremonies observed in the consecration of the rose. The Pope, being arrayed in his amice, alb, girdle, stole, pluvial and mitre, approaches the altar, on which are placed two candelabra, and having taken off his mitre, commences the service with the sentence, 'Adjutorium nostrum in nomine Domini.' After the response, 'Qui fecit ccelum et terrain,' he continues, 'Doininus vobiscum ; and this being responded to, ' Et cum spiritu tuo,' he recites the prayer of bene diction : 'Deus cujus verbo et potentia facta sunt omnia et cujus nutu uniyersa dirigentur j qui es ltetitia et gaudium omnium fidenum ; lnajesta tem tuam suppliciter exoramus, ut hanc Rosam odore visuque gratissimam, quam hodierna die in signum spirituals lsetitise in manibus gesta mus, bene f dicere et sancti t ficare tua pietate digneris, ut plebs tibi dictata ex |ugo Babylonicoe ca^tivitatia educata, per unigeniti filii tui gratiam qui est gloria et exultatio plebis Israel illhxs Hierusalem, quse est surcum Mater nostra, sin ceris cordibus gaudium reprsesentat : et quia ad honorem nominis tui Ecclesiatua hoc signo hodie exultat et gaudet : tu ei, Domine, verum ,et per fectum gaudium largiaris, et devotionem ejus, accipiens, peccata dimittas, fide repleas, ingul' gentia foyeas, misericordia protegas, adversa distruas, prospera cuneta concedas ; quatenus per fructum boni operis in odorem unguentorum illius floris transeat, qui de radice Jesse produc ; tus, flos campi et lilium convallium mystice pne dicatur ; cum quo in superna gloria cum sanctis omnibus sine fine lsetetur, Qui tecum viyit et regnat in ,. imitate Spiritus Sancti Deus, pe» omnia secula seculorum, Amen. This prayer being ended, he anoints' the Golden Rose which is on each little branch with balsam, and . lays upon it pounded musk, which are severally furnished him by the sacristan ; then placing incense in the thurible in the usual manner, sprinkles the rose with holy water and incenses it. During this time the chaplain of the Apostolic Chamber holds the rose, which he now gives to the cardinal deacon on his right hand, and he again into the hands of the Pontiff, who, bearing the rose in his left hand, and giving the benediction with his right, proceeds to the chapel, the cardinal deacons on every side holding up the border of the pluvial ; when he has reached the faldstool, he gives the rose to the deacon who, delivers it to the chaplain of the chamber, and he places it upon the altar. When mass is concluded, the Pontiff, having delivered a discourse from the altar receives the rose again, which he carries back to his chain' ber ; and if there is no one then attending the court of Rome to whom it has been determined to give the Rose, which his Holiness has that day blessed, he assembles the cardinals around, and a council is held, at which the reigning sovereign, state or distinguished personage to whom the same shall be presented, is decided upon. . When the rose is presented to any sovereign prince, who is staying at Rome, he is summoned jefore the Pope, who delivers it to him as he kneels before him, saying, ' Accept this rose at vu.l xicuiu.o, wiiu,. aiuBii luiwufMiy, noia tne place of God on earth, by which rose is so typified the oy of the heavenly Jerusalem and of the Church. Militant— by which, to all the faithful in Christ, is manifested that most beauteous flower which is the joy and crown of all saints ; receive this thou dearly beloved son, who art, according to the age, noble, potent, and endowed with many virtues, that thou mayst be more fully enobled with every virtue in Christ our Lord— as a rose planted by the at.rp.fum a of many waters ; this grace may He vouchsafe to grant unto thee, who in Trinity in Unity and Unity in Trinity for ever and ever, Amen. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. From the stem, which bears a large rose, orna mented with a sapphire, proced five branches^ covered with leaves, and bearing each at the ex tremity a smaller rose. The rose is fixed on a handel of silver gilt, ornamented with a ball in light filigrane, the form and manufacture of which show that it dates from a period border ing on the transition from the Byzantine to the Gothic age. The three enamelled shields at the upper extremity are the arms of the Counts of Aaberg in Switerland. A gold bend, with three black divided batons, is detached perpendicu larly on a field, gules. The handel of the rcse fits into a wooden pedestal, in which is a cavity intended to receive relics, and the open-work carving of which shows evidently that it dates from the beginning of the fourteenth century. Mary of Frauenburg, wife of Count Peter * d' Aaberg, died in 1319, and was interred at Basle, in a chapel of the cathedral. Her husband died in 1356, and Ulrick d'Aarberg, his brother, who was a canon of Basle in 1329. He it was doubt lessly, who bequeathed to the cathedral this papal gift, and connected with it his own armo rial bearings, which for a long period figured over the altar of St. Joseph. After the death of Peter, the Comte was annexed annexed to that of Neufchatel. A complete list of the sovereign states, churches, and distinguished personages who have from time to time been honored with this splendid and peculiar token of papal favour would be of considerable interest. Cartari has one, which concludes with the rose given to the Queen of Poland in 1771. Several of the sovereigns and princes of Eng land have been receipients of the Golden Rose. In the 'Inventory of Jewels' given to John Butrop, of Rochester, on his appointments as Treasurer, 28th of November, 30th of Edward III. (a.d. 1356), mention is made of one of these golden roses : — ' En la Tresorie deinz la haute Toure de Lon dres, une rosed' Or, qui fust donne a Eduard jadis fils a roi Henri du donne le Pape.' In 1446, Eugenius IV. sent a Golden Ptose to Henry VI., which was delivered to him in St. Stephen's Chapel on St. Andrews day, in the presence of John Stafford, Archbishop of Canterbury, Chancellor of England, Cardinal Kempe, Archbishop of York, and the Dukes of York and Exeter. Strange as it may seem, the bluff monarch - who saw that ' ' Gospel light first dawn'd from Boleyns eyes, ' in addition to other compliments from Rome, receiving no less than three golden roses. In the year 1510 Pope Julius II., when medi tating designs against Louis XII, sent the Golden Rose to Henry VIII. It was sent to Warham, Archbishop of Canterbury, with instructions to him to present it to the king at high mass, with the Pope's benediction. Only a few years elapsed before Henry was again rewarded witn a papal rose, tne present ot Leo X., who at the same time bestowed upon him the title of Defender of the Faith ; and the opening paragraph of this article narrates the circumstances under which he;became possessed ? of a third Golden Rose, Julius III., shortly before his death, sent the Golden Rose to Phillip and Mary. It appears from the very interesting letter of Cardinal Pole, in which, at the request of Phillip and Mary, he explained to them its symbolical meaning, that they had previously received from the same pontiff a Cap of Maintenance and a sword of justice, which he had blessed. The ceremony of blessing such a sword was, as we learn from the Cardinal's letter, performed on Christmas night, because, as the cardinal observes, 'Justice was born at the same time with Christ' , ? 'Cujus quidem actus solemniter ea nocte celebrature in qua gladius est benedictus.' Henrietta Maria, when at Amiens in .1625, was presented with the Golden Rose by Urban VIII., and is the last I believe, the last of the English crowned heads who have been so honoured. place this Lfetare Sunday in the Papal Chapel of the Apostolic Palace at Rome. A cardinal priest said mass, the 'General of the Carmeli tes delivered a sermon in Latin, and the rose was blessed by the Pontiff himself. It was at one time expected that the Golden Rose would this year have been presented to the Empress of Mexico ; some named, however, the young Queen of Portugal ; but we believe that the Golden Rose of 1865 still remains in. the Papal Treasury. The ceremony sometimes, however, took place in the chapel after the mass was concluded. He to whom the rose was presented, after kissing the hand and foot of the Pontiff, and returning thanks to him for the honor which he had con ferred upon him — as soon as the Pope has taken off his pontifical vestures — is conducted home. I bearing the rose in his hand, by the college of 1 Cardinals, between two of the elder deans, after 1 all the other cardinals, and escorted by the runn i ing footmen of the Roman Court, with their staves i and who on this day receive presents from the 1 indvidual to whom the rose has been presented. § This ceremony sometimes takes place in the 1 Lateran Church ; in the Church of Sante Croce : I and it is recorded of Peter of Blois that, in 1177, 1 Pope Alexander III. , being at Venice performed \ the ceremony in the Church of St. Mark, and pre sented the rose to their Doge, as a token of the estaem and affection of the Holy See. The origin of the custom is too thickly veiled in the centuries which have elapsed since the date of its institution, for us to penetrate the mystery in which it is involved. But the date at which this ceremony took its rise has been variously stated ; and if Martin Crusius is to be | relied upon, it certainly existed as early as the | tenth century ; for he tells us that when Otho I the Great, of Germany, sent Eberbard, Count I Eberstein, to Rome, in the year 938, he was { present on Lsetare Sunday, when the Pope bore ' the, rose in procession, and that His Holiness itl UtM. W ill U.S JJIOOC.UUGU. J.U IU UJ-LLL, J-IJ. cli VYiLlUC iSiUClll ? (alho in ch/peo,) as a mark of his favor ; and in ; the following century as we learn from Cencius ' ICamerarius, Leo. IX., who governed the Holy See from 1048 to 1054, imposed an annual charge upon the monastery of the Holy Cross in Lorraine to defray the cost of the Golden Rose. Among other early instances is that . mentioned 'by Martene, of its donation to Fulk of Anjou, by Urban II., in a. d. 1096, when that Pontiff I had been entertained by him with great honor ' after the councils of Clermont and Tours, in which he had preached up the first crusade. Calmet asserts that Leo IX., (a. b. 1045) was its orisjinator ; but Benedict XIV. , claimed a yet earlier origin for it, from the words which Leo IX., imposed a tribute for its supply, ' ut fieri solet,' as if he alluded to some already established payment. The objects sought to be attained by this in stitution are said to have been two ; the first was to carry out the service which the Church had '-.'appointed for this day, and which, taking IIS Tone irom one j.u&ion-; juusua.re xiiei usiuuin, is throughout of a cheerful character ; and therefore ' the Golden Rose was shewn to the people as an emblem of the Spring, which should succeed the storms of Winter, and to cheer up their spirits, lest they should fall or droop if the solemn observances of Lent were continued in unvarying strictness. The second was, by the gift of these golden roses to those crowned heads or distinguished personages who were present at Rome, or by the transmission of them to such foreign potentates as might be considered deserving of such marks of favor, to keep them in more willing obedience to the authority of the, Papal See. Be this as it ! may, the custom of presenting the Golden Rose ! blessed by the Pope to some reigning sovereign, ? : some state or some illustrious personage, distin | guished for piety, or for their services to the cause of religion, or their devotion to the Church, has certainly existed for centuries, and still exists. A fragment of a MS. sermon preached by Honorius III., on the occasion of this annointing the Golden Rose in Saute Croce in 1216, ascribes its origin to a pontiff whom he styles ' Gregorius Beatus,' by which it is supposed he means Gregory I., he being the Gregorius habitually spoken of by early historians as 'Beatus.' Basozze, abbot and historian of the monastery I of Sante Croce, believes the Golden Rose to be as early as the ninth century, when he supposes it to have been substituted for the gold and silver keys sprinkled with filings from the chains of St. Petev, custom to have originated with Gregory II. or Gregory III., and to have con tinued till the time of Leo III. Some have fancied in the Golden Rose a re semblance to the Golden Tree of Virgil, sacred to Juno, and by the influence of which souls were admitted into elysium ; and such belief in the identity of the two may be strengthened by the fact, that Sextus IV., as a sign of his noble descent, and in allusion of his family name of Bella Rovere, blessed a Golden Oak branch — ' Aureus et foliis et lento vimine ramus,' and sent it to the cathedral of his native place, Sienna. The form of the Golden Roso has undergone considerable modifications. It is said originally to have consisted of a single rose ; of late years it has consisted of several branches, with a rose on each, the plant being placed in a golden rase. So also before the fifteenth century it was not the usage to bless the Rose, but only to annoint it with balsam and perfume it with musk ; the latter, it is said, as well as the thorns on the stem and the red tinge on the petals, having been introduced in allusion to the passion of Our Lord. A beautiful example of the Golden Rose is preserved in the Sacristy of St. Mark's, at Venice, to which it was presented to Pope Gregory in 1S33, in memory of having taken his monastic vows in that city. The pedestal is supported by four lions, and decorated with the papal arms and arabesque ornaments. The rose presented to the Queen of Naples in 1849, and blessed in the preceding Lent at Rome, to which reference is made at the com mencement of this article, was of the most delicate workmanship, thirteen flowers rising out of the stem ; the vas«, which was also of gold, having two handles in the shape of peacocks, and the silver-gilt pedestal, being encircled by oak wreaths, festoons of flowers and fruit, the arms of the pontiff being on one side, and inscription on the other. In 1S42 there was exhibited in London the Tabula, or Altar-Piece, given to the cathedral at Balse in A. r-. 1019, by the Emperor Henry II. of Germany, and with it, among many other inter esting ecclesiastical relics, a Golden Rose. 