THE POPE AND THE EMPEROR. There wee far mote of banning than of , bfosing in the New Tear's addresses of the i Holy Father. In his response to the con- | gratalations of the ambassadors at the Tati can, there was a tone of defiance mingled with despair. He prays that his life may be prolonged till he has witnessed a terrible vengeance on the spoilers of his territory and the assailants of his position as a temporal sovereign. At soon as he has seen the destruction of his reputed enemies, he will, he tells the cardinals, sing his ifme Danittii, and depart in peace. It is while such sentiments are straggling In his breast, that he has to Interchange civilities with the foreign Ministers at his court, and foremost among them the repre sentative of the very man who is gene rally believed to have decreed the downfal of tire temporal power. The Emperor is the sacrilegioni robber—the impious Judas who is betraying the Lord's annointed with a kiss. It is consequently against his head, and the head of the equally guilty Victor Emmanuel, that these Papal thunders are haded. With all the old man's natural urbanity, such was die asperity cherished towards the Imperial hypocrite, that he could only bring his tongue to the strange task of benediction by means of a periphrasis. Addressing the French commander In- cbiefi the Pontiff cor dially acknowledged the services of the Frerich army for a period of fifteen years, and invoked upon It the blessings of Heaven. "I shall also/* tie went on, "pray for your great "he Imperial family, and generous nation, fot the ] for the Empress and her august son. and also -—for him who——for him who directs the destinies of France. I will implore for him the spirit of justice in return for the protection which he has given to me. In the midst of the difficult cir cumstances In which he Is placed, I Pthe Holy Ghost to inspire him with oe. Let mm best In mind that God alone gives atrength to sovereigns, and that they cannot maintain themselves on their thrones except by basing their sots on I therefore oal! for the blessings of equity. I therefore call for the blessings of Heaven on you, on the French army, on your families, on great and' generous Prance, on the Empress, on the Imperial family, and on him who governs the counter." Tire hesita tion displayed by the Holy Father when re ferring to the Emperor, and the studied dis respect in his allusions, might well, as we are told, produce "lively emotions"' among the distinguished audience; and it can scarcely be expected that the elaborate affronts will tend to conciliate the eldest son of the Church. Yet the poor old man is to be hided for his irritation and acrimony; ha feels the chair being drawn away frees twaiaftUi him. and tall MWulMtOhlmltf the deprivation. The conflict it approaching Its crUU. and ha (f determined tenaMtt •noiiriuAlltiM hwuNin ofnutjnon. 