EXTENSION OF THE BUILDING ACT TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-"Smith Ward," in Thursday's issue of your paper, takes exception to my remarks about the extension of the Building Act to Smith Ward. Your correspondent states, that " the council are alive to the impro- priety" of including this ward within the operation of the act. Now, I see that the division-list shows that the numbers were equal,viz,--eight on each side, the mayor giving his casting vote against the question -a proceeding that is usual in such cases. Thus it will be seen that the matter was not so decidedly disposed of as might be inferred from the remarks of your correspondent. If "Smith Ward" objects to any of the clauses in the act, why does he not quote them The fact seems very plain that the " owners of property who attended the meeting held in Carlton, are the very class of builders that are to be guarded against owners of allotments whose idea is to run up the greatest possible number of wooden shanties on the least given space, I may mention, en passant, that I am not to any great extent interested in this ward, and my remarks were meant to apply to all the suburbs not under the act. It was only a day or so ago that I perused in your journal a memorandum by the Central Board of Health, calling upon the inhabitants to use proper precautions to prevent the spread of cholera, should it be imported here. Now, although Smith Ward, according to its de- fender " knows" its sanitary requirements, it seems to me that knowing is not quite enough in a case of this kind. As regards the present Building Act, I agree with your correspondent that an improvement might be made by some amendments. One of them should be to place the control of its operations in the hands of each borough council. The City Council have too long enjoyed this monopoly. Yours, etc, A. E. L. T. EXTRAORDINARY DISCOVERY OF 050 DAVIS rels of Gunpowder in the Marble, but rose to have belonged to a Star liner Cauoiit Finn - This morning, on a boat in the employ of the Receiver of Admiralty Droits, was cruising the river, they pick 'ed up 650 barrels of gunpowder. The owners of the gunpowder are not as yet positively known, but it was supposed to have formed a portion of the cargo of the ship Stella, Captain Cbambriere, which caught the this morning near the light ship?, bound for Port Natal and Ccara via Havre. At the time the- Stella caught fire, three steam- tugs were fortunately near her, and by their as Distance the flames were extinguished, and the vessel towed to New Ferry, where she was scuttled and beached. It is impossible to conceive the consequences which would have ensued (supposing the gunpowder in question did form part of the Stella'.-! cargo- though there was none in her clear ance papers) had the flames on board the ship not been so promptly subdued the Mercury, Sept. 2. Mr. Benedict is at work on a grand opera for the German stage, founded on the exquisite psychological story of Schiller, the " Ghost-Seer." Pauline Lucca, the personable, the wayward, is kept in every, rather, in ear, for the heroine's states-The Orchestra. Mr. George Hodson, the Railway King. -On Saturday, Mr. Registrar Stephen attended at York Contle, to adjudicate on the cases of debtors confined there. In the list appeared the name of Mr. George Hudson, who was detained by Mr. Sandeman, representing the firm of Sanderson, Sandeman, and Co, of London, creditors for £23,930 55 Mr. Hudson's legal adviser applied for an adjournment of the healing on the ground that a proposition had just been made to Mr. Hudson to raise funds to settle his case. Mr. Hudson did not wish to be adjudicated bank just, as it might interfere with his future prospects. He did not shrink from going through the court; but thought it much better if the matter could be settled in an amicable way. The registrar, after some hesitation, granted the adjournment. Liver- pool Albion, Star. IB. 