URSA MAJOR. (From the Times, Api II 13th.) As there is no smoke without fire, so the wildest panic is generally founded on some small basis of fact. As owl in the corner of a barn or a cow : looking over a hedge appears as the ghost of the departed to many a frightened villager, and some accidental word or deed of a neighbor is regarded by the suspicious as proof positive of settled malignity and ill-will. Just now a good old bugbear which was regarded with real alarm some five-and-twenty years ago, is again brought to light. A cry of Russian aggression in the East is raised once more, and Russian arms and Russian intrigue are believed by some very worthy persons to be busy at work in a nefarious attempt to undermine our Indian Empire. Dr. Viimbúry,the excellent dervish who renounced his name and nation, and for years contented himself with sand- i baths in Turkistan in the pursuit of pure philo- ' logy, has warned us of the risks we run, and now i Calcutta has taken up the tale. The capital of < British India, ordinarily so free from excitement, i is disturbed with apprehension. The Russians have got Kliokan, they are working mines at a Buduknsham, they are making roads through Bokhara and Cabul, and, doing all this, what can they intend to do next except march into the Punjab? The Bengal Hurkaru is hot in its indignation against the wiles of the Northern Bear, j and our own correspondent, while leaving to i statesmen in England the task of estimating the < value of these apprehensions, declares that the i probability of an invasion of Hindostan cannot I be denied. It is to be regretted that this phantom of ] Russian aggression should still find believers. We I had hoped it had vanished for ever, like many another error, or that, if it still found credence, : it was only among a few survivors of a past genera- ' tion. Oneortwoinsigmficantcircumstancesbaye, , however, served to obtain credit for it again. The Russian Government has found it necessary i to punish some outrages on its Tartar border, i and its acts, obscurely reported and little understood, have been construed into steps in a far- reaching policy. Those who have been ready to i attribute to our allies such treacherous designs < might have found reason to mistrust their own ] sagacity if they had taken the pains to consider ] the actual condition of the Russian Empire. The t traditional aims which it has been the fashion to i discover in the successors of Peter the Great have in fact varied with each successive Emperor. Alexander differed from Paul, both from Nicholas, and all three from the second Catherine. 1 In a pure autocracy the policy of the autocrat is the policy of the nation, and every Emperor has had a policy of his own. Whatever designs might have been entertained by the late Emperor and there is no sort of evidence that he ever contemplated an increase of empire in I the East-the present Czar has shown him- j self to be occupied with different objects. The i emancipation of the serfs, the improvement of the Russian administrative system, the development ; of Russian resources, are the labour to which he j has devoted himself, and in pursuing them he has been hampered by the disorganised and improver- i asked condition in which the Emperor Nicholas I left his dominions. The Emperor Alexander II. i has had no means, even if he had the desire, to < pursue foreign conquests. What has, however, been forced upon him ought to have been understood by the people of Calcutta from their own experience. A settled government bordered by savage tribes is in a position of great difficulty, at once unwilling to make war upon a cloud and to tolerate perpetual depredations ; if a pacific attitude be maintained the borderers become more impudent inaggrcssion,and if war be declared nothing short of occupation of the enemy's territory can he accepted as a guarantee of peace. At a time when we we unwillingly forced to send an expedition against the Uhootcas, the attack of Russia on Khokan ought to excite no apprehension. The Russians are under the same necessity as ourselves, and they might suspect us with as much reason as we can suspect them. We have very little certain information as to the extent of their movements ; but, taking the highest statements which have been made as accurate, the Russian army is very far indeed from menacing our Indian border. From the Sea of Aral the base of the operations watched so carefully in India to Peshawar is nearly as far as from Odessa to St. Petersburg, and the intervening country is one-half a sandy waste and the other half mountainous and rocky. The ONE), which flows through the sandy waste into the Sea of Aral, is shallow, and its bed at its deepest part is so shift- ing, that Dr. Vámbéry tells us the most experienced boatmen cannot fix its position for a week together. This is the country through which the hostile armies of the North are to march into the Punjab, on entering which they are to be supported by the Shah of Persia, the Khan of Bore liars, and one or other is at present uncertain which-of the persons claiming to be the Ameer of Cabul. When at length they reach the frontier, they must cross it through the Khyber or Bolan Pass, which would be as hope- less an undertaking as a perfectly disciplined army amply furnished with supplies could undertake. We may wait with confidence any such a - - . invasion, which could only end in the utter ruin of the invaders. It has always been a defect of the Russian army that it cannot march; invaluable on its own ground, it is powerless when taken away from it, and an attempt to invade India through Turkistan and Cabul would prove its destruction. But we wrong the Russian Government in appearing to accept the vaticinations of Calcutta which impute to it an intention which would at once be a crime and a blunder. If there is any circumstance connected with Russia in Asia which should be regretted, it is in truth not the proximity of its border to our own, but its distance from it. The advance of the Russians has been the advance of a civilised Government against lawless and disorganised tribes. We and they have been impelled by the same causes to adopt similar courses and there is no reason to suppose that, if we arrived face to face, a collision must ensue. We have had common enemies, but need not be enemies to one another. Our course has been that of two pioneers in a virgin forest, whose clearings must gradually approach each other, and if ever we meet it should not be difficult to fix upon a common boundary. That time is, however, very far distant. The possession of the Punjab has given us a frontier in the North West which is a natural barrier against outer barbarians, and we are content to develope the resources of the territory under our rule without enlarging its areas of fresh annexation. Russia is not yet so fortunate, but with the permanent acquisition of Khokan she will reach a mountain range on the south which will probably be for many years the limit of her advance in that direction. But whether the day when we meet be near or distant, whether it happen in the next ten years or never happen at all, there can be no occasion for the jealous alarms which are periodically raised in India, and are echoed by a few in England. To be forewarned is at times to be forearmed, but among nations a warning is as often an invitation to attack. Mutual jealousies and suspicion are potent to bring about a war when neither party desires it. And in this case we are as strong as we well could be ; our position is so well chosen as to be practically impregnable, and an assault upon it, where the enemy's base as near as it must be distant, could only recoil upon the attacking Power. 