THE BENDIGO SPRING STEEPLE CHASES. Stewards : G-. Elliott, Esq, J. C. Sayer, Esq, E. O'Keefe, Esq, J. Wagner, Esq. Judge: W. P. Neal, Esq. Starter E. D. Burrowes, Esq. Clerk of the Course : Mr George Savory. For the amusement of between 6,000 and 7,000 persons, who yesterday visited the Epsom race course, everything connected with the races wao favorable. The weather was fine-a thorough, Australian spring day; the roads to the courcs were in comfortable travelling order; the courae was in capital condition, and the day's racing waa acknowledged to be of a better character than ever previously witnessed on the Epsom race course. When the stewards of the Bendigo Jockey Club first entertained the idea of holding a spring meet, and more especially one devoted to steeplechasing, we feared that, if not a failure altogether, it would at least be but slightly suc» cessful. The active exertions of the few gentle-* men comprising the club, however, overcame great difficulties, and the result of the novel attempt to establish annual steeplechases has beeQ a great success. Not only will the large number of Bendigo folks who visited the course yesterday preserve a lively recollection of the excellent day's sport provided for them by the Jockey Club, but the opinions of the - great crowd of visitors who came 1rom Mel bourne must be that there is plenty of sporting activity in the district, despite the unfavor able comparisons which are so frequently made between Bendigo and Ballaarat. it was pretty evident yesterday morning that Sandhurst wao turning out for a holiday. The banks and mosfc ot the principal places of business closed shortly after eleven o'clock, in order to give those in their employ the opportunity of goinu to the races. The suburbs of the town poured their hundreds into Sandhurst en route for Epsom, and from the general starting place in Pall Mall every species oi vehicle took its departure for tue scene of anti cipated pleasure, until between eleven and twelve o'clock there was not a public cab to be seen in the iViall. Persons had either to wait and rush the first conveyance that came ia sight after returning from Epsom,-and the Town Inspector naturally gave up in despaif any idea ot summoning lor overloading-or else to adopt the more primitive style of locomotion and tramp it to the course. The scene along the road to the racecourse was almost as enlivening as any on the racecourse itself. A long line of pedestrians trudging along the. road, equestrians of every class, lrom the booted and spurred exq\ii site to the puddkr on his inevitable horse, re leased from his 11 ionely round" to enjoy a holiday of harder work than usual; cabs filied with good humored and chntiing ociupants, were the princi pal objects to be observed on the journey down the road, and afforded plenty of amusement until arriving on the racecourse itself. Here the pic ture was one of the most animated and agreeable we ever recollect seeing on the Epsom Racecourse. The grand sfaud was filled with about a thousand visitors, a great many of whom were ladies ; the hill in front of the stand was occupied by some two thousand persons, while the sides of the course-just before the start for the first race-were crowded with people. There were some four or five refreshment booths, includ ing the large one beneath the stand. Tbere were the usual itinerant vendors of various kinds of refreshments, and the customary sprink ling ol owners of the roulette tables, and the betters on the '* red, blue, or black," which were in inanj cases, however, turned against them by the " blues," who spoilt the little game at the most inconvenient crises. The saddling paddock was well filled with local betting men and a consi derable number of Melbourne turfites, wbo.wera doing business in laying and taking on the various races with an immense amount of loquaciousness. From the four raccs on the programme, exclu sive of a private trotting match, we hardly know in point of interest which to select as the principal event of the day. Whether the Handicap Steeple chase, the Trotting Race, the Handicap Hurdle llacc, or the Selling Hurdle Race. Tuere was no doubt most interest excited by the first race, the Handicap Steeplechase, in consequence of the greater value of the stakes, the character of the liorses entered, and the nature of the course to be run. The distance was lour miles, and included _ w the following lour and twenty jumps:-Twelve post and rail fences, four water jumps, four log fences, and four stone walls-regular raspers of 4 feet 6 inches in height. For this race a field of seven showed at the starting post. The favorite Young Camel-of course did not win, indeed be had scarcely a chance from the start, and was very early out of the race altogether, which was won by Comet, a horse that was almost friendless afe starting, but who did not make one mistake at either fence, water, or stone wall all the way round. One or two heavy spills took place, but lower than might have been anticipated from the nature of the barriers. For the second race, a trotting match, although there were four starters, there were only two actual competitors, Mr Orr's Whisker, and Mr George Elliott's Archimedes the other two horses, Forco and Columbus, being nowhere from the start. Whisker and Archimedes both ran in harness, which is undoubtedly a prettier mode of trotting than in saddle. The local interest in the result of this match appeared to be on the boil, as Archimedes, no "screw" by the way, was owned by a local owner and backed by local betters; the backers of Whisker, the favorite, at the long odds of 2 to 1 against the field, in stead of making a heavy pot, having to grieve for the put boiling over. The great confidence in the favorite no doubt caused the stewards' handicapping him at 300 yards behind Archi medes at the start, a distance which he never had the slightest chance of lessening from i - the first, if we except a ghost of one in the straight running at the finish; although even then he was beaten by nearly 100 yards and if his opponent had not been so much addicted to breaking there would have been a fair probability of the latter winning, with his handi capping distance to spare. Following the Trotting Match was a private match between Mr Raleigh's (Katuarooka) Don and Mr Wagner's Mac, to trot five miles for £50 a side, which afforded but very little interest ; the Don (an unlikely looking little grey) having it all her own way, and after the first mile showing the running over the rest of the distance to her more showy opponent, with the exception of the last mile, when Mac's driver pulled him up. The Handicap Hurdle Race brought out nine horses, who, with the exception of one horse, which broke aown, gallantly con tested the prize. Ivanhoe, led only by a " very short distance nearly all the way round, and was beaten at the finish by Moolart. The hurdles were cleared by the horses in excellent style, and iu no instance was there a fall of any importance. As in the first race, the winner of the Handicap Hurdle Race was almost an outsider, or at least hardly ex^ neeted to make more than a good show, and again the knowing ones were deceived. The last race on tiie programme was the Selling Hurdle Race, for which five good horses came out. Young Camel, the favorite, was beaten by Abelard at the finish, after showing every appearance of win ning through nearly the whole race. Shortly after one o'clock the programme was commenced with HANDICAP > IEEI'LECHASE, of 200 sovs ; second horse to receive 20 sovs out of th ? stake; for all horses ; about four mile5, over a course to be pointed out by Stewards} entrance, 10 so.vs ; 5 sovs on nomination, and 5 sovs on acceptance. Mr G Watsuu's b g Comot, 3st -lib ( alla^han),.. 1 Mr R Jeilett's b in Emblematic, 9st 101b (West) 2 Mr R Johnson's gr ra Alice, lOst Tib (Hender son) . ... 3 The following horses also started, bat were not placed:-Mr C. Day's Young Camel, Mr Holl gate's Appelles, Mr Bell's Eventide, and Mr R. Orr's Day Dawn. A good start was made, Appelles leading over the first three fences, the rest clearing them in a body, with the exception of Day Dawn, who fell at the third, and throwing the rider, gallopped fotiie distance, until he-bolted" off the course. Appelles led round to the stone wall, which he took first, with Young Camel close behind, followed by Emblematic, Comet, and Alice. At the baGk of the course, in the second round, Alice went to the front, and led over two fences and the stone wall, but, baulking at the water jump opposite the txraud Stand, unhorsed the rider, who was quickly mounted again. The third mile Alice again led, despite het" fall and delay, and it appeared to lie between her and Comet; the latter taking his leaps in capital style, and never missing, counter balanced the speed of Alice, who fell with her rider no less than three times ; but both horse and rider were endowed with indomitable pluck, for no sooner were they down than they were up again and running. On going round for the last mile Comet was leading by Some hundred and fifty yards, with Alice and Emblematic racing toJ|3thef behind. At the fence at the back of the course Comet, kicking the rail with his bind legs, gave his friends some anxiety that his speed was failing, but he came to the last stone wall and cleared it with a spring that restored confidence to hiB supporters. Alice falling again at the last fence before the stone wall, lost so much fOUnd before she was remounted that Emblematic ad no difficulty in maintaining the second place, as Comet had no trouble in cantering along the straight running and winning by about thirty yards. TKOTTSNQ RACE, of 50 sovs; entrance, 6 sovs; dis tance, handicap; saddle or harness; no weight under list5 four miles Mr Geo Elliott's b g Archimedes (Bowes) ... 1 Mr E Orr's br g Whisker (owner) ... ... 2 Mr R. Holloway's Fosco and Mr Appleby's Columbus also started The betting at starting was 2 to 1 on Whisker against the field. The atart was effected in the following order: - Whisker, scratch ; Archimedes, 300 yards; Fosco, 350 yards ; and Columbus. 400 j'ards. From the 'first the race was between Archimedes and 'Whisker (both in harness, the other two being saddled^). Archimedes was not long in passing botb'the* saddle horses, and although he broke ? ititp a gallop nearly a dozen times, he looked all otfer a winner until the last half mile wiier Whisker somewhat decreased the long distance between them; but he had no chance of winning, and caine in about 100 yards behind. The time occupied in the four miles was 13 min. 40 sees. HANDICAP FURDLE RACE, of 100 sovs; about three miles; entrance, 7 sovs; 2 sovs on nomination and 5 soVs on acceptance. Mr B Wheatley's b g Moolart, list 21b (Ryan) ... 1 Mr J Evan s b g Abelard, lOst 7lb (Prestwiteh) . 2 Mr W Raleigh's ch g Farnham, 9st 61b (Callaghan) 3 The-following horses also started :-Mr W. John ston's Chance, Mr Coker's Prince, IVIr It. John son's Ivanhoe, Mr J. C. Walker's Mermaid, Mr R. Johnson's Busby, and Mr Kelly's Alice. Prince, the favorite, led over the first fence, fol lowed closely by Farnham and Abelard, the re mainder in a ruck takiug the leaps almost together. All the horses got well over the second fence, ex cept Mermaid who fell and threw her rider, and only came into the race again when it was too late to do any good. Opposite the stand Moolart was leading, with Ivanhoe a good second, who was again closely waited on by Farnham and Prince, the favorite having fallen behind into the fourth place, and never again raising the hopes of his backers. Moolart dropped into the rear before coming past the stand, which was passed first by Ivanhoe, second by Farnham, and third by Prince-, and it was Ivanhoe, Abelard and Farnham in the order named until the third round, when Busby's jockey pushed him, and, to the surprise of many, made a bold struggle with Ivanhoe lor first place, Farnham being third and Abelard fourth. It was ia that order they came to the last jump and cleared it, when Abelard took the lead into the straight running home. Moolart, who had made his push, on coming to the last jump got into the straight running close to the horses before him, and running through them be raced Abelard hard for first place. The greater portion of the quarter -of a mile was a splendid race between Moolart aiid Abelard, and was onl)' won by the former by a neck, Farnham making a good third. The strug gle at the finish elicited as much interest as any of tbe events of the day. Celling i ? urble BACE, of 40 sovs; two miles; en trance, 3 sovs; welter weights for age. If entered to be sold for LSO, allowed 7 lb; I.G0,141b; L4U, 21 lb; L30, 2S lb. Mr J Evan's b g Abelard,lOst lib (Prestwiteh)... 1 Mi," C Day's b g Young Camel, list 101b (John son .. ... ... ... ... ... 2 Mr R Johnson's b g Ivanhoe, lOst lib (Leirsch) 3 Mr C Kelly's bk g The Moor, and Mr Coker's ch m Countess started, but were not placed. Alice and Grimaldi were scratched. Betting: Even on Young Camel against the field. Countess got away with a slight lead, closely ^ followed by Young Camel and Abelard, Ivanhoe and The Moor going back. At the first fence Young Camel took the premier position, the horses jail getting safely over. At the back of the course Countess again went to the front, and continued to hold her position till," in coming up the straight running for the first tiiue she Was caught and passed by Camel and Abelard, who now began to cut out the running i at a very smart pace. The Moor's rider still held him back, and by so doing succeeded in escaping several of the jumps, the leading horses, as a rule, clearing the fences aws^ before he reached them Passing the grand stand Young Camel had a slight lead of Abelard. At the third fence Countess, .whose rider was just beginning to make play, unfortunately fell, and thus lost her chance of the *' race, which up to her accident looked a good one. Tbe pace was now getting very strong, and the Moor began to lessen rapidly the distance between himself and the leading horses. After taking the last leap, however^ and when he was full of run ning, he bolted off the course. Prcstwitch at this point had brought his horse very close to the leader, Young Camel, and coming up the straight run in, an exciting race took place between the two. Weight, however, told against the favorite, and Abelard was landed a winner by half a length- Ivanhoe an indifferent third. The winner was bought in by her owner lor L35. In conclusion, it may'be mentioned that the ,whole of the &?rangements made by the stewards were admirable. There was no unnecessary (.'slay between the races; the course was kept well clear during the events, and when they were concluded, about five o'clock in the afternoon, there could have been but otie opinion entertained by the visitors that they/had witnessed racing, which, for really good sport, has not been eclipsed on Ben digo. To-day several post entry matches-including those for the usual publicans and booth-holders' stakes-will be run for. The trotting match be tween Mr G. Elliott's Archimedes and Mr Mark's Gladiateur has been postponed. 