MISCELLANEOUS. OPExnre op Parliament.— The opening of tbe second session of the fourth Parliament under the Constitution Act was performed by His Excellency the Govemor-in-Ohief on Friday.- September 29. Lieutenant Slater, Captain Trapmann, Lieutenant Hill, and 17 rank and file assembled in front of the Armoury on North-terrace, and from thence marched to Parliament House, under the com mand of Captain Trapniann, ana accompanied by the Adelaide llegimental Band, for the purpose of forming a guard of honour to His Excellency. On arriving there they were drawn up in line facing the buildings, while on their lefc were about 20 members of the Metropolitan Police, under the command of Inspector Peterswald. His Excel lency Hir D. lialy, accompanied by the Private Secretary (Mr. D. G. Daly), the Aid-de-Camp (Mr. D. D. Daly), and Major VVarburton, Commis sioner of Police, arrived in a carriage shortly after 2 o'clock, escorted by a detachment of the Mounted Police, under Chief Inspector Hamilton. The volunteers presented arms, anil the Adelaide Regimental Baud played the National Anthem. Ten members of the Artillery, under the com mand of Lieutenant filathews, fired a salute of 17 tuns on the occasion, commencing as His Excellency left Government House. On the return of the viceregal party froni the Council Chamber the order was again given to present arms, and the band performed the ' bong of Australia,' A large concourse of persona as sembled on the terrace to witness the pro ceedings. The blacks in the Nomh.— We are assured by a gentleman connected with the pastoral in terest in the Far North that the natives have wantonly and unnecessarily killed a number of sheep and cattle on his run. He also states that the Protector of Aborigines passed by the run in his recent outward journey, and again on bis return, and that the blacks were upon both occa sions committing depredations, but he did not stay to enquire into the matter. It is computed that Hot less than 150 sheep and 150 cattle have been killed and left dead on the Parallana run by the aborigines, and one shepherd has been murdered by them within the last six months. The esta blishment on the run has been reduced to very few hands, and if possible the surviving stock is to be driven away and the run abandoned for the present. „ The Nomhebh Commission.— The Commis sioners appointed to enquire into and report upon the condition of the Northern runs returned to town late on Friday, Sept 29. Theii experience more than bears out all that has been said of the severity of the drought, the death of stock, and the desolate condition of the Northern country. The Mulligan run is altogetherdeserted, and others are in the same or soon to be in the same condition. In some cases there are not huu dreds of sheep living to the thousands that had been placed upon the runs, and it is feared that the attempt to remove them will be fatal to the survivors. It is the opinion of one of the Com missioners that a quarter of a million sterling will not cover the losses of the stockoivuers in the Far North. There was some feed remaining at Pekina; and at Lake Hope, where rain hid Fallen, there were fat cattle; but the -arid country around eflectually prevents their removal. About Mount Eemarkible the country has a comparatively improved appearance; but at a distance of twenty five miles from the Burra the land was as bare of vegetation as the most populous thoroughfare of the city. No authoritative statement can be given until the questions addressed by the Commis sioners to the stockholders are answered, as the stock-books and muster returns are the only data that can be relied on as to the loss of animal life on the Northern runs. Proposed New Theatr&— The prospectus of 'The Theatre Royal of Adelaide Company, Limited,' has been published. It is pro posed to raise a capital of £30,000. in 3,00) shares of £10 each, on easy terms, and the list of promoters includes the names of well-known and highly influential colonists. It is farther proposed to erect a commodious and elegant building, with cafe, restaurant shops. &a;, the combination of which it is calculated will secure to the subscribers a return of 10 per cent, at least for their outlay. Ground plans of the buildings which are aosed to be erected at the corner of King iam and Grenfell streets, the site of Messrs. P.Levi&Co.;'s present stores, were placed upon the Exchange tables on Wednesday. The King William-street frontage of 105 fedt exclusive of a private street on the northern side, is laid out for a handsome central entrance to the dress circle and the cafe, and on each side are two shops, with frontages of 20 feet each and depths of 40 feet Three similar shops are shown upon the Grenfell Btreet frontage. The Theatre is placed at the eastern end of the land; the stage being on the northern portion, and having a Vreadth of 62 feet with a depth of 60 feet. The portion of the house devoted to the audience will have a similar breadth with 68 feet depth. The upper floor comprises a restaurant of 80 by 40 feet, fronting King William street; a private dinfng-roora of 40 by. 20 feet; a billiard-room, 42 by 40 feet; cafe, 61 feet Cinches by 41 feet 6 inches; saloon, 50 by 40 feet; and divan, 40 by 18 feet. The grand entrance for the dress circle will be, as already intimated, in King William-street the entrances for the upper circle and pit in Grenfell-street, and those for the stage and gallery in the private street running from Kmp William-street along part of the northern side of the land, in which street will also be the taproom of the lioteL Besides the rooms we have men tioned, there are numerous others for the use of the performers and artificers, -connected with the Theatre. '.. MOBSINNIE ElSMOTH AND COPPER MINE.— The following particulars relative *(o the working of this mine have been handed to us by the Chairman of the Company :—' At the end of last month the adit level, driving south, wa3 in '24 fathoms, ana the lode from the winze was averaging about three tons of ore to the fathom. The winze, Bunk about 10 fathoms from the opening of the adit is now 14 fathoms from the surface, and going through a good course, of ore, the lode in the bottom averaging about 4 feet of solid ibismuth and copper ore, and yielding about eight, tonB to the fathom. The north adit is stopped till more miners arrive, also the winze 10 fathoms from the opening of the adit In both these openings the lode is well defined and shows large quantities of ore. The 30 tons of ore brought by the Boyal Shepherd this week were taken out of the level and winze by t'ie present men, and there still remain about 150 tons of payable ore at grass. At the Port two barges are now being built and preparations are being made for the erection of a jetty and the construction of a tramway over the sandhill; also another still will be erected for the increasing requirements of the population, -as about 16 men for the mine, besides labourers for the beach, are to be sent down by return steamer. The smelting of the ore is to be conducted at the Yatala Works, where a furnace and crusher have recently been erected, which are idle just now from the impossibility of getting coal. These works are under the superintendence of Mr. L. Jones, who has had considerable experience in separating white metals from copper ore; and with the assistance of the patent held by the Company no difficulty is anticipated in separating the bismuth from the copper.' * CoioxiAL Tobacco.— The cultivation of tobacco in this colony is now becoming a favourite pursuit with many of our country landholders, who have evidently taken the matter up with an earnestness equalled only by their industry and determination to give the plant a fair trial in South Australian sou. About a fortnight since we had the pleasure of mentioning an instance where some eminently successful results had attended its culture, and we now feel additional pleasure in calling attention to a similar circumstance. A case of colonial-grown tobacco was exhibited lately at the shop of Messrs. Amsbenr & Gessner, King William-street, in the state in which it was received from Penola, where we are informed it was grown, and a quan tity finely cut was also to be seen in the window of the same establishment. Tt has been pronounced by those who have tried it to be an excellent sample of colonial- grown tobacco, but no other test, we believe, has been applied to ascertain the genuineness of its qual'ty. The flavour of the tobacco, which was said to be a species of the Vircinia variety, is weaker than that of the ordinary kind known by that name; but this may probably be attributed not so much to a difference of climate as to a want of experience and skill in the cultivation and curing of the tobacco exhibited. With such marked and tangible results fls these we may ere long expect to see this important article rank with those of our colonial products which add so materially to our prosperity. f Jue ^iuidMs* Bjoft^THl' GovERSjrESi; Bail- ;? wifii-A Parliamentary Paper containing some' : correspondence on this subject has just been t published. Our readers will remember that Go- j vemment advertised for tenders in the GazVAi of j the *3nl February last They appear to have received but two offers— one from Messrs. J. I. Bagotand H. It Fuller, on behalf of sorre London cipitalists; and tbe other from Mr. E. M. ioung, of the National Rank, on behalf of the Inter national Finance Society (Limited) of Loadon. These were sent in on the 1 7th August and tne 24tli June respectively. In August, when Messrs. Bagot and Fuller sent in their tender, they adverted to a rumour then growing current that the Govern ment were to extend the time for receiving tenders indefinitely. This course they protested against as unfair to tbe original offerers. The Government cut tbe matter short by declining both tne tenders they had already received. This happened on the 24th Auiruat. About a month afterwards, and on the eve of the reassembly of Parliamert, they wrote to the disappointed negotiators, asking leave to lay their offers before the House. Messrs. Bagot ana Fuller at once complied. Mr. Sbung. at first did the same on the presumption that theobject ol solaymg his offer before Parliament would be to leceive the decision of that body on its fate. The Hon. Com missioner, however, intimated that Us fate »*a8 already decided, and all he wished to afford Par liament was simple information of the same. Mr. Young deemed this kind of publicity Buperfluo«.s, and withdrew his consent The Obiest.- Captain Harris, the courteous commander of the cood ship Orient, loviteu a large number of the leading colonists to ft fishing party at Port Adelaide on Saturday, the 7th instant. The guests left Adelaide by the 1U5 train: and were met at the Port Station bv Captain Harris, and conducted by him to his fine vsssel. After some refreshment on board the company adjourned to the steamer Eleanor, which had been enuageu for the occasion, and steamed out near to the Lightship, where she cast anchor. The weather was exceedingly beautiful, and the day altoaether a thoroughly enjoyable one. Amongst the visitors we- noticed several members of both Houses of Parliament, including the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Captain Hart, aud others. We understand that Captain Harris received letters of apology for their absence from the Hon. the President of the Legis lative Council, the Attorney-General, and other gentlemen. Several boats were in attendance for the accommodation of gentlemen anxious to try their skill at the piscatorial art, but no success awarded their patient efforts. The fiahes refused to bite. Failing success in this pastime, vanouB games were got up on the deck of the steamer. About 2 o'clock the company were summoned to the spacious saloon of the Eleanor, where an elegant and sumptuous entertainment was provided by Captain Harris for his guests. In the course of the afternoon the Hon. the Chief Secretary proposed 'The Health of Captain Harris and Success to the Orient;' the Hon. Captain Bagot pro-awed 'The Health of Captain Lawrence, formerly Commander of the Orient,' to both of which toasts Captain Harris responded in feeling and appropriate terms. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide proposed ' The Agents, Messrs. J. Stilling & Co., ' to which Mr. Chamock responded in a neat speech. Several songs and recitations were given by the gentlemen present The Eleanor then proceeded under way, rounded the Lightship, and returned to Port. Most of the company then adjourned to the ship the Murray, at the invitation of Captain Smart and after enjoying a pleasant hour on board, re turned to Adelaide by the 6.15 train. The captains of the Orient Line have always been distinguished for their profuse hospitality to the citizens of South Australia, and it is not too much to sav that a pleasauter party never assembled on board of any of their vessels than that which met on Saturday. Captain Harris was indefatigable in his efforts to promote the comfort and enjoyment of his guests, in which he was ably seconded by the agent, Mr. Chamock. Fatal Accident on Board thk adamant.— A writer, after describing how the passengers on board this vessel crowded to the ship s side to catch the first sight of land, proceeds thus: —'The wind had been fresh all, night and gradually increasing, blowing a point or two towards land, when all at once themaintopgallant staTsaiUheet, which is secured midships, and gene rally lies along the bulwark when the sail is slack, came up with a jerk as the sail filled, precipitating a poor woman headlong into the water, to the utter consternation of the spectators male and female, who happened to be collected in force looking at the gambols of a battalion of porpoises alongside. The doctor, sailors, boatswain, a/.d mates had over and over warned the immigrants of the risk they ran sitting on these sheets. Mr. Ramsay, the chief mate, who is every inch a seaman/had a buoy instantly thrown from the poop withm a few feet of the drowning woman, and was himself and five men down in the quarter-boat to the rescue in less than five minutes after. The cry ot some one overboard soon went round the ship. The doctor, who is always at his post, ran for his glass to watch the boat, first instructing. his attendant to have warm water and restoratives ready. Captain Consterdine had promptly thrown the vessel to when Mr. Ramsay left* with the boat, but the heavy from swell running inshore and increased violence of the gale this was neither a safe nor easy operation. After an interval of some hours we discovered the boat for an instant about a gunshot astern, and could cuess that they had been unsuccessful in an errand upon whicn, without a moment a hesitation, they had so nobly hazarded their live?. The sea ran so high no one could expect the i-oat to come near the ship without being dashed, to pieces. Mr. Ramsay, dripping wet, and standing in the stem holding the tiller-ropes, noticed the predicament, and 6houted to us to let ropes down the sidi for the men to hold by if the boat went This was most fortunate as it turned out. Next minute she was under the quarter, and the hooks from the davits in the rings: but as they were drawing her up one of the hooks gave way, and if all hands had not had hold of the ropes the/ must have been drowned. With the assistance of those in the ship all managed to crawl on deck, more dead than alive, and the boat was, with some tiouble, pulled up by the attached end without much injury. The unfortunate woman's name, we understand, was Rosemorgan, and it was reported she had some £15 of her husband b savings sewed in her stays.'' Mb. GoYDEa'a Valuations. -Subjoined is a copy of Mr. J. li. Hughes's petition to the House of Assembly, relative to Mr. Goyder's valuation of the Mount Arden Run:— 'To the Honourable the Hoiwe of Assembly, South Australia. 'The humble petition of the undersigned— 'Showeth— , , . 'That the late Mr. John Taylor, on leaving this province for England, entrusted to your petitioner the entire control and management of his pastoral properties. That in doing so he declared to your petitioner that the valuations of two of the leases of the Mount Arden Run were excessire and un just That he had nevertheless accepted them, believing it to be a necessity that he should do so, and hoping that an oppo.tunity would ere long ariie for adjusting them. 'Mr. Taylor having died in England, and your petitioner having learned from the records of your Honourable House that tbe Commissioner ap pointed to examine into and report upon the state of the Northern Run, have been instructed not to enquire into or report on any that may have been valued by Mr. Goyder, therefore humbly prays that your Honourable House will be pleased to afford to your petitioner an opportunity, by Select Committee or otherwise, of showing to your Honourable House :— '1st, That the valuations made by Mr. Goyder of two of the leases, viz , No. 50 and No. 57, of the Mount Arden Run are ex&ssive; and unjust, either with regard to the profitable working of the runs, or as compared with Mr. Goyder's valuations of other pastoral leases. '2nd. That few runs, if any. have suffered by the present drought more severely than the Mount Arden Runs; and that therefore the Mount Arden Runs ought to be placed in this respect on as favourable a footing as if a portion Of them had not been valued by Mr. Goyder. 'And your petitioner further prays that on his proving the above premises, your Honourable House will grant redress in the matter. And your petitioner, as iu duty bound, will ever pray. 'Jno. B. Hughes.' Thb Far North.— We have received the fol lowing letter from the Hookina Creek, dated 12th October:— 'Most of your readers have heard «f Black Thursday, and the older colonists will well remember it. I am certain that with respect to dust and wind Sunday, the 8th instant, in the Far North, must have surpassed anything witnessed ?n that day. It commenced blowing about 7 o'clock in the morning, and in an hour and a half afterwards we had to light lamps or candles to see to get our breakfast. Yet the sun must have been shining behind the clouds, as at times its darkness would assume a reddish hue, which I suppose must have been the effect of the sun shining through the dust. We were in hopes that this storm would have brought the long-wished-for rain, but we were again doomed to disappointment, as towards evening the wind, which was blowing from the north, turned right round to the south, and died away, leaving the country (if possible) more desolate than before. The only damage we have heard of being done was the roofs of Messrs. VV. Taylor & Moyle's stables being blown off; also part of the roof of the Kanyaka Hotel. A dust storm is a very constant occurrence here, but I think there has not been seen the like of this one since the country lias been inhabited by white people. With respect to the drought I am sure you Adelaide folks can have no conception c! the miserably bare, dry, and parched state the country is in. For months past the stationmasters have been sending the poor remnants of their stock down to save their lives, and in consequence the people employed by them have been turned out of work. Tho30 who could or had the means have gone down the country .till there are scarcely any left, the few there are remaining being very badly off. I am certain I shall be under the mark in stating there is not one man employed above this place for every 30 there were last year at this time. The Postmaster-General took us rather short with respect to the alteration of the postal arrangements from a weekly to a bi- weekly mail-not even giving us one mail's notice, which made it very awkward, especially for those in business.' South Australian Institute.— The ballot for the election of two Governors to represent the sub scribers of the Institute at the Board during tbe ensuing year took place, as arranged, on Thursday, October 19. The box was closed at 10 o'clock p.m., at which time 96 voting- papers had been received, about half a dozen being through the post. These were afterwards examined by the scrutineers, Messrs. E. J. Hodgkinson (for Mr. Clark), J. Whiting (for Rev. W. Harcus), and E. W. Brettingham (for Mr. Cavenagh), assisted by the Secretary and librarian, and the result of the voting was found to be as follows: -Mr. J. H. Clark, 80; Rev. W. Karens, 37; Mr. J. P. Bou caut, M.P., 35; and Mr. W. Cavenagh, M.P., 35. Boiler Explosion.— At about half-past 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning an explosion took place at Mr. F. W. Wittwer's flour-mill Hahndorf, tiy which the boiler was blown to pieces and pro jected a considerable distance from the mill. The amount of damage done was not great, and no person was injured by the explosion. Insolvencies. —The following is a list of the persons who have declared themselves insolvent since the publication of our list Summary. The list does not include those who have availed them selves of the arrangement clauses of the Act:— Thomas Loanng Ooombe, of Port Adelaide, miller; William Muir Laurie, of Macclesfield, teacher; John Bristow Hushes, of Adelaide, 8heepfarmer; Elizabeth Ireland, late of the Clarendon Hotel, Adelaide, licensed victualler, but now of Port Adelaide, out of business; Thomas Chalwin, ofNonrood. veterinary surgeon ; Heinrich Gustav Friedrich Mumme and Johannes Carl Friedrich Hrandenburg, both of Adelaide, mer chants; William Newson Burcham, of Mount GamDier, miller; Thomas Leonard, of Kapunda, license J victualler; Alfred Cornthwaite, of Norwood, mason, formerly of the same place and of Thorn ton Park, butcher; Benjamin Pascoe, of Yanka lilla, brewer. ?' ThkCoulvo Harvest.— Mr; Walter Thomson, of O'Halloran Hilt, a well-known and ^experienced farmer, has just returned to Adelaide from a journey extending' through portions of the Northern, Southern, and South-Eastern Districts, aud he has kindly supplied us with the following information, founded upon his impression, of the present stite of the crops in the agricultural localities through which he has passed. He states that between Truro to Tanunda a good average yield may be anticipated, and that between Tanunda and Lyndoch Valley the crops also promise well. Between hyndoch Valley and Gawler the appearance of the fields alxmt a week sjo was favourable, but about a mile from the latter place Mr. Thomson, in one section, collected in his grasp a handful, which upon examination, in the presence of Mr. Cave, he found to consist of 20 rusty and eight sound stalks. At Sraitufield the harvest gives indications of being both late and light Li the south and south- eastern portion of his tour Mr. Thomson was accompanied by Mr. Thomas, of Kooringa, who, as our readers have already been informed, has l«en engaged by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society to collect for purposes of analysis speci mens of soil in different parts of the colony. They started from O'Halloran Hill, where the crops are fair, although not exempted from plague of black rust, and proceeded in the first instance to Clarendon. Here the hopes of the farmers are being blighted through the ravages of the take-al! disease. The harvest in Doshwood's Gully will Buffer still more severely from the same zause. At Bull's Creek. Ecbunga, ajid the neighbourhood, it has been more extensively destructive, and at Mount Barker, the terminus of our informant's journey, it is beginning to carry otf the crops, although, with this exception, their appearance is good. Mr. Thomas was joined in this part of the country by Mr. John Frame, who did what he could to further the object he had in view, and subse quently accompanied him to town, whence he started yesterday en route to Gumeracha and the adjacent localities. Although Mr. Thomson did not visit the Strathatbyn Plains or the country surrounding Wood*ide, he informs us that he has it on good authority that tbe take-all disease is doing havoc in the former place, and that in the latter it is fully worse than at Mount Barker. With regard to the yield of wheat generally, how ever, his estimate is not unfavourable, as he cal culates that it will only average from a bushel to a bushel and a half less than last year. The opinion he has formed respecting the hay crop is that it will be from a quarter to a third lighter than iu the harvest of 1864. The barley in the direction of Tanunda is very good. That product, it appears, is not affected by rust although amenable to the take-all disease. Mr. Thomson holds strongly to the view that late sowing is one of the most effectual remedies against rust He wishes it to be distinctly understood, with respect to the infor mation given above, that it is impossible to count upon the yield as yet, so much depending upon the weather during the next two or three weeks. Capture of Natives in the Fau North.— The letter from Umberatana, from which we have quoted elsewhere, describes as follows an engage ment between the police and the natives, in which one of the latterwas killed and two captured:—' On Sunday, September 30, there seems to have beeu a great row at Mount Freeling. Police-troopere Pointer and Gason came down on the niggers in the creek below the station, and managed to capture Mrs. Forbes and Parrallana Jackv. Par rallana Tommy was shot, and all the others got away. It was a splendid haul, most of those whom warrants were out for being there. Tommy, after receiving three bullets in his body, would not give in then: but Gason managed to get his hands on him. It appears quite a miracle that none of the whites were hurt Tommy lived about an hour and then died. They say his sufferings were very bad. There appears to have been a good many blacks there. The lubras did all they could to frighten the horses while the police were trying to catch the prisoners. The next job, it appears, will be an inquest They will have some difficulty to get Jurymen in this part of the world. I only hope you may be here before that takes place. The troopers wanted horse-feed, but I told them I was wry I had none for them: so they were obliged to paddock their horses for the night W e had the two prisoners chained down in the kitchen, and the troopers slept with them. I do not think they will stand a ghost of a chance with Gason of getting away.' The Late Boat Accident at Marino. — A meeting of the inhabitants of Glenelg, convened upon a requisition to tha Mayor, took place at the Pier Hotel on Friday evening, the 6th instant, with a view to consider the beBt means for alle viating the dist ess occasioned by the recent disaster at Marino. A large number of persons attended, including Mr. J. Peacock, M.P., the Hon. A. Scott, Messrs. E. W. Andrews, S. P. H. Wright. W. J. Briud. W. R. Wigley. H. B. James, J. M. Mitchell. Stcvensou, Hitcncox. and G. flam bridge. The Mayor of Glenelg (the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways) opened the meeting by reading the advertisement, explaining that the requisition was submitted to him three davs after the lament able accident occurred, but in accordance with a suggestion he had waited to see what steps the Government proposed to take in the matter. They were probably all aware that the Assembly had quite unanimously voted £050, which they desired to see expended in a way roost likely to afford permanent relitf. This they be lieved might be done by the co-operation of persons who lived in and near that locality, and who might reasonably be supposed to give advice as to the best mode of expending the money ; but, of course, it must depend greatly upon the circum stances attending each individual case. He would suggest in reference to the vote, that a Committee should be appointed to ascertain as near as pos sible the particulars of each case, and that they should report the result to the Government. He had been informed that a considerable amount of money in the shape of subscriptions had been collected. It had been proposed to expend the money-vote at the rate of £100 each widow and £25 each orphan, which would give £175 to two families, and £150 to the other two. 1 he Govern ment did not under the circumstances consider themselves justified in asking Parliament for any grant in behalf of the two men who survived the accident but he thought that very tew of the persons who had given subscriptions would desire to see them receive no remuneration for their personal injury and loss of time they had sus tained, or object to some acknowledgment being given them for the promptitude and bravery with which they responded to the call of the Harbour Master to render assistance to a ship which was in very great danger. He also thought it would meet with general approval if some testimonial or mark of esteem was presented to the Hon. Mr. Phillips, who endangered his life in saving two of the men. His Excellency, he believeS, would represent the heroic conduct of that gentleman to some Society at home, conferring honorary dis tinctions upon individuals saving the lives of persons in imminent danger— very probably by the next mail to England. He then suggested the appointment of five or Beven persons, residents of the locality, to act as a Committee, who -should make themselves ac quainted with the peculiar circumstances of each case by individual enqui.y, so that none of the money should be injudiciously expended. He read a letter fiom Mr. B. B. Colley, who was un expectedly detained in town, but who placed his services at the disposal of the meeting. A long discusfion, in which Messrs, J. Peacock, M.P., 8. P. H. Wright, E W. Andrews, W. J. Blind, W. R. Wigley, H. Moseley, and other gentlemen took part, ensued. Respecting tbe advisability of first appointing trustees and then a Committee great diversity of opinion seemed to exist as to the best way of proceeding, and many minor points were considered. At length the following resolution was submitted to the meeting, moved by Mr. J. Peacock, M.P., and seconded by Mr. S. P. H. Wright:— 'That the Treasurer, and the Mayor of Gleneta for the time being, and Mr. J. B. Neales, M.P., be appointed trustees for the pur pose of managing any funds available for the widows and orphans of the recently drowned.' To this an amendment was msved by Mr. H. B. James, and seconded by Mr. G. Hambridue, 'That Messrs. J. B. Neales, M.P., B. B. Colley, Uitchcox, the Revs. C. Manthorpe and T. Field, Messrs. S. P. H. Wright, VV. J. Brind, and the Hon. A. Scott, be a Committee to collect subscriptions, to appoint a Chairman, and three members to form a quorum; the Committee to have power to add to their number/' This was carried, the amend ment being lost. It was next proposed by Mr. H. Moseley, and seconded by Mr. J. M. Mitchell, 'That the Committee be recommended to appoint as members of the Committee the Mayors of all Corporations and District Councils.' Carried. The Chairman, in reply to a question, said that, as far as his memory served him, the Committee would consist of about 67 persons, three forming a quorum. Mr. Moseley intimated that his intention was to secure the services of the additional gentlemen he had proposed only so far as collecting subscriptions was con cerned. Mr. W. R. Wigley moved, and Mr. G. Hambridge secondel, the followins motion,: which was unanimously agreed to. 'That a por tion of the subscriptions, tbe amount to be after wards determined, be awarded to Messrs. Shepard and Burton, the survivors.' A question arose again respecting the disposal of the funds, but it was ultimately settled by the adoption of the subjoined resolution, proposed by Mr. E. W. Andrews, and seconded by Mr. W. R. Wigley, ' That the Com mittee have full power to deal with the funds sub scribed, includi-.g, if placed at their disposal, the amount voted by the Parliament' The usual vote of thanks concluded the proceedings. New Line of Packets for Australia.— The London capitalists, having apparently had enough of mining and hotel building, are turning their attention to navigation. Private information has been received by a gentleman in Adelaide about a new Company which is being formed in the City. It is to call itself the 'Safety Ship Com pany,'' and its special object is to be to lay on a fleet of first class vessels between England and the Australia Colonies. The vessels are to be of the largest Bize— 2,500 tons-and fitted up expressly for passengers, with two complete decks, and accom modation extending from end to end. The pro visions and attendance will lie after the style of the P. & O. Company. They will carry supplementary steam, to be used in crossing the line and during calms. The English port of departure is to be Falmoutb, whereby the danger and discomfort of the Channel passage will be avoided. At first ther will bs dispatched once a month, Iteginning with Melbourne as the Australian terminus. All these things are very good iiutheir way, bnt we have been promised as much by other Companies. One unique attraction, however, is presented by the Safety Ship Company. They will bring and send passengers /ree from Falmouth to any part of the United Kingdom. It Bhould be added that they expect to make the voyage in 68 days on an average. More detailed information is to bs sent out very soon. Expense of Clearing the Mcrrat.— The fol lowing informa ion appears in a report furnished by order of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria :— ' Between the 1st of January and the 30th of June, 1885, 1,350 snags, averajring 43 feet 6 inches, and in girth 8 feet 6 inches, have Men removed from the bed of the river, and 40 large trees thrown back on the banks above Echuca, at a co3t of £2,938 15s., equivalent to £2 2s. 3Jd. per tree. The work below Echuca for the same period (780 snags drawn out and 3^ trees thrown back) was executed at a cost of £1,042 13s. Id, which gives a sum of £1 3s. 2d. for each tree or snag so removed It must, however, be further stated that in addition to the above a large amount of drift wood and small timber has been removed, of which no record had been kept, except by one party, and in their cage it amounted to nearly 6,050 cubic feet of timber. Some of the timber lifted was of a truly gigantic size, and the captain of one of the river steamers, when speaking of one particu'ar tree, mentioned that even if supplied by the Govern ment with the necessary tackling, he would have hesitated to undertake its removal for the sum of £20.' The Nbw Roman* Catholic Bishop. — Au thentic information has been received by the Roman Catholic clergv in Adelaide that the Venerable ArchdeacoaBbei), of Ballarat, has been appointed BiBhop'of South Aw-tndi*. ? Thb Aebatkd Bbead Company.— The opera tions of the Aerated Btead Company will, accordiufr to all appearances, be speedily com menced.' A very eligible -siteTor the works lias been secured opposite Robe-terrace in Waymoutb street, and they are now beine prosecuted with great vigour.' The contract, which is for some thing under £2.000, has been taken by Mi. Farr, who is bound by the specifications to complete it within six weeks. From an inspection of the plans prepared by Messrs. Wright & Woods, the architects, we observe that the total frontage to Waymouth-street will be 70 feet, and the depth 1$) feet a 23-foot roadway being on the eastern and western sides. The buildings are to be two storeys hish. The front portion of the lower 8torev is to be appropriated for office, shop, and bread loom, an enclosed verandah abutting upon the western roadway. Behind the office and shop is the oven and mixing- room, containing six oyens in two tiers, the under one having access given to it from beneath the level of the trround. Over these will be the gasometer, and the stack of 40 feet chimneys will tie at the south-east comer, and stilL further back is the space where tbe retort*, boiler (a six horse-povrer one), and other machinery will be located. Behind the bread-house and verandah are to be the coal and dolomite Ouagnesian limestone) stores, and between these and the stables and other out pre mises there will be a sufficiently extensive yard nil covered in. The upper floor is to be used as a store for flour and other material. The masonry is to be composed of Glen Osmond stone with brick dressines. The machinery is in capital order, ind an experienced person has been brought over with it from Melbourne to superintend its erection md working. From the great progress already made with the buildings it seems probable that the contractorwill not far exceed the very limited time within which he has to finish the works. Captain Hoghes's Volunteer Tbize Cup.— This handsome present to the South Australian Rifle Association, is a most beautiful and ornate production. The cup itself is of pure silver, and resting on a handsome and highly-polished ebony stand. The base of the cud is sutrouuded by eight josses, surmounted with acanthus leaves. On the bosses the names of theltest shots at the competition matches will be inscribed. The stem is formed of two beautifully-worked projectious, the lower of which is covered with imitations of vines in bear ing. Ou the upper one are five beautifully modelled rams' heads; round the bowl are six medallions, on the front one of which is engraved the following inscription : — ' Champion Cup. Pre sented by Mr. W. W. Hughes to the Volunteer Rifle Association of South Australia. To remain in their possession till won. To be shot for annu ally with the Government rifle, the winner's name being yearly inscribed ; and to become the property of the first volunteer whose name is engraved thereon three times.' On the other medallions are well-executed representations of the chief branches of colonial industry aud commerce— mining, pastoral, and agricultural. From the sides of the bowl spring two horns, on each of which stands a volunteer fully equipped and in the act ot loading. Immediately below the horns are two eagles with ^expanded wings, resting upon delicately- executed wreaths, the ends ot which are connected with the sides of the bowl. From the eagles' beaks depend chains, arranged in festoons in the Elizabethan style, the jewelled pendants drooping from the centre of each chain. The chase of the cup consists of ears of com and leaves elaborately intertwined. The rim, which is of the bead pattern, is supported by wreaths of vines. The cover is very elegantly formed. The upper portion is divided into six compartments, each containing a group of ex quisitely chased fruit Surmounting these is a kneelivg rifleman in the approved Hythe position in the act of making ready. The expression of the volunteer's face is in strict accordance with the circumstances he is supposed to be placed in. All the three volunteers aud various other parts of the cup are of frosted silver. To give a general idea of the dimensions of the cup, we may state that it is about two feet one inch in height, exclusive of the ebony support which is about 11 inches high. Tbe rim is about 32 inches in circumference. Accompanying the cup is a substantial oak case of oblong form, being in itself a valuable article. The cup will be exhibited at Messrs. Muirhead & Co.'s for some time to come. We may state that Mr. J. Mac farlane, of the Strathalbyn Iiifles, is entitled to the distinction of having his name first engraved on the cup, he having been the best shot at the Association matches held in March last. That fact was announced by the Secretary at the distri bution of prizes on die 11th April. Port Augusta Waterworks.- We learn that wafer was laid on to Port Augusta for the first time on the 16th instant This will be good news for all travellers in that direction, who will benefit equally with the residents. Lands Titles Omen.— The following is a com parative statement of transactions during the month of September, 18()'i-65, in the Lands Titles Office :- September. 1804\. 1865. Applications ? S9 104 Transfers ? 103 178 Mortgages ? 06 135 Leases ? 21 27 Transfer of mortgages ? 5 4 Discharges ... , ? 50 51 Powers.of attorney ? 4 2 Caveats ? 3 4 Transfer of leases ? 1 1 Surrender of leases ? 2 1 Trusts ? 2 2 Licences ? 1 1 Transmissions ? 2 5 Withdrawal of caveats ? — 2 Writ ? 1 - 360 517 Fees of office ? £422 5s. £608 12s. Value of land brought under Act £48.096 £113,976 Thb Lingbh Memorial.— Some time in the year 1803 a concert was piven in White's Assembly Boom to provide funds for a monument to the memory of Herr Linger. The net proceeds were, however, much less than bad been anticipated, and the Committee were consequently placed in a difficulty as to their disposal. But after various delays, a monumental tablet has been engraved on silver by Mr. Payne, of Currie-streef, from a design gratuitously furnished by Mr. L. J. Pelham, and which, with the consent of the Governors of the Institute, will be placed upon one of the walls of the Reading-room. The design represents various musical instruments grouped together, The figure of a weeping female is shown on the right; an open volume, containing the 'Song of Australiii,' surrounded with a wreath, appears on the lower part of the design ; and a scroll ip seen in the centre containing the following inscription:— 'In memory of Carl G. Linger, muBical composer and orchestral conductor, many years resident in South Australia. Bom in Berlin loth March, 1S10. Died at Adelaide 16th February, 1862.' The engraving is supported by a frame work of oak designed and manufactured by Mr. D. Culley, of Flinders- street, Leasing the Railways. -It is said that the following are the particulars of the tenders sent in by parties proposing to Iea-e the railways : -H. I?. Fuller, M.P., £15.400; H. Hill & Co.. £15,600, for 21 yean; C. S. Hire, £15,000 for the first seven years. £20,000 for the second seven years, and £25,000 for the third seven years. As officially announced none of the tenders sent in were accepted. DU8TSTORM3 is the NoRTH.-Accounts have reached Adelaide of very violent dust storms which have prevailed throughout the whole extent of the Korth, and which to a certain degree have been general all over the co'ony. The first occurred on Friday, the 6th instant; and we are informed by Mr. George Marchant who has just returned from the North, that so thick and blinding were the clouds of dust raised that it took him eight hours to traverse the distance between Kagjess's Station and Kanyaka (16 miles), and that during the period of fully an hour he was utterly unable to see the earth while bitting on horseback. The same gentleman informs us that at 7 o'clock on the following Sunday morning a furious wind ap proached Arkaba from the North, accompanied by dust equalling in quantity that which had infested the air on the previous occasion. This continued until 1 o'clock, when without any perceptible lull it veered round to the south-west and blew with almost uninterrupted force until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The gale occasioned some damage to the verandah of the house and the roof of the woolslied at Arkaba; but at Kanyaka. 130 miles further south, its effects were more destructive. The whole of the northern side of the hotel roof was carried away, the stable was swept clean of every vestige of its former contents, and some galvanized iron was whirled as far as 400 or 500 yards away. The store at Black Jack was also partially unroofed, and to prevent further injury its covering had to be weighted down with stones and logs. Mr. Marchant was also credibly informed that a wagon loaded with three tons of goods was driven a distance of eight yards by the impetus of the etorm. A letter from Umberatana of date October 4 indicates that these storms, or at leant one of them, had been felt there. The writer says:— 'Since writing you last the weather has been much the same as when you were here. We have had two light showers since, and the rain seems to have done very little good, with the exception, perhaps, of freshening up the bushes, there being no signs of grass. .... We have had a very severe duststonn ; it gave me a fright, as I made sure the woolshed roof would have been carried away. It took the whole of the iron otf the harness-room— frame and ait-and earned it down 50 yards in front of the sto e, took several sheets of iron off another house, and tht loose sheets that were stored up against the end of the store were blowing about like so many pieces of paper.' The Commissioner of Insolvency.— The re signation by Mr. Macdonald of the office of Commissioner of Insolvency not only creates a vacancy, bat renders the issue of a fresh com mission to Mr. Justice Gwynne necessary to enable him to act until a Commissioner is appointed. The office has been for some time going a-begging, as the salary is not considered sufficient to induce a legal gentleman of standing in the profession to give up his practice for the appointment Medals op the Royal Humane Society.— By the Euelish mail the Governer has received from the Secretary of State two bronze medals, which have been awarded by the Boyal Humane Society, upon His Excellency 8 recommendation, to Henry Lamb and Alexander Dearie, who, as will be remembered, in September, 1864, were instru mental, at great personal risk, in saving human life, and whose conduct was brought under the Governor's nttice at the time by the Marine Board. We believe that it is His Excellency's in tention personally to present to the two men these gratifying and honourable testimonials. MoRNrNNiE Mine.— The following extract of Captain Jean's report has been handed to us:— ' The lode in the winze sinking north 14 fathoms is five feet wide, and yielding over six tons of ore to the fathom. The adit level driving south continues on a good lode, yielding about the same as when last reported. We have had only sir men working underground ; the arrival of the Ro.val Shepher.J, bringing 10 extra hands, will enable full pairs to be put on, ateo the main shaft, north adit, and north winze to ba proceeded with. Three hundred and fifty-five bags of ore have been shipped by the Koyal Shepherd.' Adelaide Jewish Sabbath-School— On Sun day. October 8, about 70 members of the Jewish community, including lady teachers and scholars of the Sabbath-school, met at the schoolroom, Eundle-street, to bid farewell to Mr. Jonas M. Mveru, master of the Institution, on the occasion of his leaving the colony. A gold watch and chain, and very complimentary addresses were presented to him on behalf of the children and teachers of tbe school, the members of the Jewish Young Men's Society, and hisco-Kligioniste generally, to which suitable replies were given. 