TUESDAY MORNING, 3IAKCU 7, 1865. The Ballarat Share. List is a' document worth studying, and we have no doubt it is well studied by , -thousands of ail classes of our fellow colonists.' Of those who run it over, however, there are few who can feel confident that they have mastered its mysteries, for'it is far from being self-explanatory. One company whose shares stand at a. respectable premium has . nothing to show in the way of dividend, and we - infer that the company - is - about to bottom, in ascertained proximity to some well known lead.' Another which has repaid in dividends its origi nal capital two or three times over, stands at . a very modest premium, and we may therefore "infer that the claim is nearly worked out. . One peculiarity which: is altogether inexplicable,1 is that the non- dividend-paying companies as a rule command higher, premiums than those that have actually struck gold.1 It. would seem as if the diggers, having left. off for a little following rushes to distant fields have concentrated their affections on those claims which have the most distinct prospects. Another thing which excites curiosity in looking' over the list is the actual-value of the amount of shares paid up. Let us take a company with ten; pounds per share paid up, and let us suppose that that company has been in existence for five years, during . which , time the shareholders have been constantly paying calls and receiving no dividends. The interest on these calls should be added to the amount paid.,to show, what' the value of the share ought to be. -. No two com panies can be alike in this, or indeed in any other, respect, and' hence the diffi culty, of the study of the list. The com parative merits and. chances' of the horses in a handicap are as : plain as words of one syllable compared with a calculation of all the chances bearing on the success of about a hundred -and twenty different companies, for that is about , the ., .number of- ■ them. - This suggests the idea ■ that there > is room -for a new industry on Ballarat— that. of a mining prophet.--, -Why should not Miles's Boy, Chanticleer, or, tho Ghost of Joe Muggin's Do^.be able to tell us, what claims are getting queer, what-directors are "sweet upon their shares, who is putting on-the pot,- whojis funky, and who is hedging, what young 'uns have -failed to- maintain the" promise of-their infancy, which of them are likely to -have - a turn of speed for a short distance, . and ' which1. arev- likely to be stickers. No doubt the vocabulary of mining slang is rich enough to replace that: which is horsey. The " Corner " is the Mining Tattersall's, where the book-makers most do congre gate, and where the public are accom modated with the odds. The speculating jobber who offers Wide-awakes at 90 virtually backs the field against that | particular scrip, while enquiries for Great Megatheriums and.Midnight Stars I are anxious to draw a ticket in the lottery of outsiders. Hundreds, of in vestors put their money in particular i scrip- with ■ as little care for what they are doing as if they were taking part in a friendly sweep. . ' , - , - - i The Ballarat share: list is ■ attaining monster dimensions. Jt now ; enrols somewhere about a hundred and twenty companies."' Of this number about SO are at a premium, while only about 17 are at a-discount, the rest'having no price quoted, or being deficient in some particular requisite for arriving.. at a judgment of their value. ... \- : What a contrast is presented; by the Behdigo "share. list/which contains the names '-of -' only twenty-three companies, and of-these twenty-three only two have their scrip at a premium. It is quite possible that Bendigo is too much neg lected-and i Ballarat too much in favor j but there is room for a large allowance on- both - sides without affecting the relative 'positions of the mining adven tures of the two districts. 