RE VENGED. BY JAQUES. Swell, bosom, with thy fraught, For 'tie of aspicks' tongues I -SnAxsrPEARl, CHAPTER I. WHEN I came to the colony, seven years ago, I brought with me a large packet of potters of introduction, many of which I had Dbtainod with considerable difficulty, and The whole of which I duly delivered. I sup .,oso I am not singular in having incurred Ihe mortal dislike of every individual to whom these missives wore presented. Most hf them procured me no notice whatever; (we resulted in invitations to dinner, the ro 5.ollection of which entertainment at this aboment makes me shudder as I call to mind the perfunctory sort of hospitality it was my 11l-fortune to suffer; another was addressed :o one of our city millionaires, and if I liad 'been at all sanguine I might have antici (pated some good to flow from it, for the gon l;leman had originally come out to lMelbourne ,principally at the expense of my father, to ,whom in our days of prosperity he had acted is porter. We had never received any com 0munication from him, but we had heard of :his rapid rise, and, considering how largely who was indebted to us for the first begin .aings of his success, I thought he might .have exerted himself somewhat in my be half. And so he did. He most promptly ffored me the situation of a shophord upon eno of his runs, at a salary of twenty pounds a year and rations. I will candidly own :hat I had looked for something a little loss iumblo than this; but as I had previously nade up my mind that the way to succeed in .ustralia was to take t th filst chance that reseonted, so long as it could beo done lonourably and honestly, I at once accepted mis offer. I had some romantic notion, too, ;halt pastoral pursuits, if a little remote from lhe busy city life to which my own deliberate astos inclined me, had about theom a sort of ?icturesquoness which in some degree com ?onsated for their dulness. My friend in Iuired whoen I could be ready. I replied hat I could be ready in five minutes. lie lamed the following morning, and said that :wo of his drays were returning from town with stores, and that I had best accompany hose. ioe gave me directions as to what I should take with me; he advanced me one .ound on account, and thon very curtly bade no good day. He was a cold, passionless, lard man, of a very limited education, pos sessing an extraordinary amount of shrowd loss and. cunning, and that sort of aptitude, vhich in such men almost amounts to a pas ion, for making money. HIo lived for no hing else, his ambition centred in the one absorbing desire to bo accounted the richest nan in the colony, and when he shook hands vith me as I loft his office, his fingers had .uch a dreadfully clammy feel that I wont traightway and washed my hands before I ouched. anything else with them. I felt no nannor of resentment against him, for I had sappily boon so well prepared for roccptions f the kind, that I am not sure if I was not little startled by his generous advance of ash on account. It was a charming morning in the early )art of November as, at five o'clock, I set brth in company with my friends the dray non: 'The drays wore bullock- drays, and he speed at which we progressed, therefore, -vhs a leisurely one. Wo were upwards of t week in reaching our destination, but as I vas not in the slightest hurry to be at the md of my journey I onjoyed the delay ox :eedingly, and acquired the whole art of )ullock-driving in that comparatively brief 3criod-; and I may say hero paronthotically, :hat, as the education of these animals is low conducted, I strongly dispute the 3ossibility of inducing them to accelerate 1heir speed save by the employment of Chose emphatic appeals which are familiar ;o most persons who have had any bush Sxperience. We arrived at the station a little before runset on the oighth day after leaving Mol e >ourne. The flocks wore just being brought . iome to be folded for the night, and I was i' t once made aware that the use of.powerful 4 expletives is by no moans rostrictod to IE 3orsuading bullocks into a livelier pace, i but that the ovinoe no less than the bovine diosyncrasy seems to necessitate a simrilar node of remonstrance. There were three 1 n occupied in this business, and I had uomo to make the fourth member of this a 3astoral association. Two of these woere d non possessing no sort of individuality .vhatevor. They were neither very dull nor • emarkably intelligent; they had common 'aces, such as one may see by the dozen in my crowd or any thronged street. I believe )no was a sailor, and the other had been a dubber in a Manchester .cotton factory. They weore men in whoso fate I did not nterest myself, and I dismiss them at once vithout further comment. I saw but little of hem during the whole time of my stay on the :un, for they occupied one of the huts, and lad their own particular flocks to.tend. Ihe other hut was allotted to myself and the liird shepherd, and it is he of whom my story. tells. The overseer introduced me to ny fellow shepherds by saying briefly, ' this is the new shepherd, and his name's Forbes." My hut companion's name I ound was Rivers. The other two, of whom f have nothing to say, were known re spectively by the appellations Lanky and Downy, which I need hardly say wore )seudonyms. By the end of the next day I was fully nitiated into my new duties, and I found luring the subsequent three months that ;he first day was precisely like all the rest, )no dreary routine of the dullest monotony. Che run was one vast plain, with scarcoly in eminence for miles, and varied by nothing aove a few scattered gum-trees, which, in •heir dreary unpicturesqueness, seemed to idd to the blankness rather than relieving :t. Far away, some twenty miles from us, :ose Mount Alexander, and midway between :t and our own level was the long stretching ine of bush. There was a chain of water soles about three miles from the station, vhither the sheep were accustomed once a lay to repair, but there was no current in h1o creek save in the winter, when, like ithor Australian streams, it was flooded. With such limited moans of deriving enjoy nont from the contemplation of natural ob ects, in a few days I began to be excessively Teary. To this feeling succeeded a horrible ensation of nervous apprehension; then amo days of self-reproaches that I had con emned myself to such a life; and finally I ubsided into a strange apathy, varied by ccessions of violent rage on small provoca *on, and I found myself insensibly acquiring i e habit of expressing myself in the brutal anguago employed by those about me. I oomod to have no one thing in which to al?o an interest. AMy companion I had given Lp as impracticable; he answered in mono syllables when I addressed him, and never by any chance began a conversation. I round that he avoided me as much as possi ble; and though he discovered no actual dislike to me, he exhibited so marked a ro luctanco to permit of any kind of intimacy that I ceased to ondeavour to penetrate his reserve. And yet he strangely interested no. His features, though browned and lardoned by exposure, wore singularly in telligent. His figure was tall, but bowed and spare. His ago could not be more than fivo-and-thirty; but on a first inspection he scomed much older. I have said that his features wore intelligent, but they wore besides an expression which it is difficult to describe. It was not precisely anxiety, but it` was a look as if he were in the constant expectation of finding some one of whom he was in search. He had large grey eyes with very long eyelashes, the shadow from which gave them sometimes the effect of being intensely black, and the stoop he had acquired, by keeping thomln still more in the shade, added to this effect. In the course of a few days I had acquired, almost insensibly, the habit of watching him, and by degroes I experienced an extraordinary kind of in terest in his character, and longed to know his history, which I felt assured was not a common ono.. All I could learn concerning him from the other men was, that lie had arrived at the station one night about two months previously, extremely weary and footsore, and bad requested accommodation for the night, which, as a matter of course, had boon granted. It happened that an extra shopherd was required at that par ticillar time, and the overseer had written to town to procure one. Rivers expressed his readiness to fill the vacancy, and that was all they know about him. Downy believed him to be a Dorweonter, and Lanky concurred in this opinion. They further agreed that lie was a scholar, because on one or two occasions he had written letters for them; and they thought he must have been a swell at some time or other, because lo never cared to talk to anybody. The only time that hie had over asked them a question was once when Lanky had mentioned the name of a man who kept a public-house at the township about seven miles off. The pub lican's name was Brown, and lie had in quired what sort of a man he was; and when they described him to him he simply said " thank you ;" and seemed to say, but did not, "it is not the man I thought." This very scanty intelligence only made me more eager to discover further, and, like most people who give themselves up to the pursuit of one joct, I thought of nothing else, and cared for nothing but to solve the living problem which every day presented itself to my view. On going forth in the morning to our daily duties it was the practice of Rivers and myself to divide that part of the flock it was our business to tend into two portions, and though we generally kept in sight of each other during the day, it was not often that wo met until evening again. One excos sively hot day, however, I had found com parative shade and coolness in the hollow of an old gum-tree, which, incapable of affording any shelter by its foliage, yet offered reasonable accommodation for one at least in its interior. There I fell fast asleep, and was awoke by a loud clap of thunder. I jumped hastily up, in that con fused and bewildered condition which is usually experienced on getting up from a day slumber. The sky was overcast in every direction, largo drops were beginning to fall, and everything around betokened a storm. I could not see my flock anywhere, but I knew that in all probability they had found their way to Rivers' detachment. Him I perceived about a mile distant, with his flock on the edge of the crookl, making his way to an old deserted hut, which, how over, being roof-whole, would afford shelter until the storm was over. I commenced running; but at that moment the whole sky seemed to be lit up with one awful blaze of lightning, and the most deafening roar of thunder zollowod that over I remember to have heard. I was so blinded by the glare and stunned by the reverberation, that I could perceive nothing distinctly for some seconds. Whon I recovered myself I could not see Rivers anywhere, and I supposed he had entered the hut towards which he had appeared to be making his way. The rain was falling as if the original deluge were about being repeated, and I was glad to reach the hut. Rivers, however, was not there. I looked out towards the spot where I had last soon him standing, but he was not there. I thought he might possibly have crept down beneath the overhanging bank of the crook, but I felt an instinctive appre hension that all was not right, and so ran to the place. I looked over the edge. There was no water immediately beneath, and the distance down to the dry bed of the stream was perhaps seven foot. Rivers was lying at full leongth, motionless, and apparently dead. His clothes had the appearance of having been burnt, and there was a dark blue line on one side of his face. I jumped down the bank and placed my hand upon his breast. He was not dead, but the move ment of the heart was so flint as to be only very indistinctly perceptible. He had evi dently beoon struck by the terrible flash which had for a minute paralysed myself. I had no stimulant of any kind to revive him, and to have left him while I went to the station, which was at least three miles away, might have caused a fatal delay. I very quickly removed his jumper, and commenced to rub with my hands his chest, arms, and neck. In taking off his jumper a small packet fell out of an inner side-pocket. This I placed hastily on one side and continued the fric tion, which I hoped might quicken the circulation, and so enable the system to recover itself from the shock. In about a quarter of an hour he sighed deeply, and from that time respiration continued slowly to be performed, but consciousness did not return. The storm had already passed over us, and the distant rumble of the thunder told of its being at a distance. The clouds were pouring their contents upon the grey summits of the far-off range, and the sun peeped out of a piled-up heap of tumultuous clouds, which, parting, showed the clear blue struggling into mastery. Rivers had manifestly recovered so far as to be beyond extreme danger, and I sat by him watching his interesting face, which, even in this condition of insensibility, still retained the strange expression as if he were expecting some one. My eye fell upon the packet that had fallen from his pockot, and with a listless kind of curiosity I took it up. It was carefully wrapped in a delicately fine pocket-handkerchief, which, howover, was much soiled and.worn, as if he had had it a long time about him. I un folded it. It contained a blue morocco case, which on being oponed showed a portrait, one of those exquisite miniatures on ivory, painted by the hand of a master, such as wore obtainable and not uncommon before photography, with its unnatural nature, had assumed the functions of true natural art. It was a female face of strange loveliness, such a one as haunts the imagination after once being soon. I was looking at it ab sorbed in the contomplation, with my face slightly turned away from Rivers, when I felt my wrist firmly grasped. I turned round somewhat startled. Rivers was staring at me with open wild eyes, in which anger and bewilderment were both,pictured. "What is thhi? Why have you taken that from me ? Have I booen ill ?" I explained to him in a few words what had happened and what I had done, and apologised for the liberty I had taken in unwrapping the packet. "You have saved my life," he said, "and I should be despicable if I felt anything but the strongest gratitude for such a service; but if you know how my very existence is identified with that picture, you would not wonder at my excitement on seeing it in your hands." He had never uttered a sentence half so long as this during the whole time time that I had boon on the station, and I felt that something more than common must be associated with it to have urged him to such an effort, especially as he was still obviously suffering from the effects of the shock. " It is an angel's face, is it not ?" he said, with an emotion that seemed to shako his whole being. "I have never soon one more beautiful," I replied. "Is it a relative of yours, or probably " IIo began to sob so terribly that I was afraid, considering his unnerved condition, he would go into a convulsion. I therefore said, "do not speak; I will not ask you another question about it until you are quite recovered." I then re-wrapped the minia ture in the handkerchief, and having helped him on with his scorched jumper, ITlaced it in the pocket from which it ?had fallen. The sky by this time was one bright expanse of blue, with hero and there some floating remnants of the late tempest that glittered like the sails of delicate craft that I have soon dancing upon the waters of Port Jack son. "Do you think you are strong enough to got back to the station, or shall I take the flock and bring ine of the horses for you? " "Oh no, I can manage very well;" and hie got upon his foot. lHo staggered for an instant, but recovered himself presently, and we proceed to got together the flock, which was quietly browsing within a couple of hundred yards from whore we had been sitting. He seemed to relapse into his old reserved manner as we wont home, and not a woird passed between us, save that lie told me not to toll Lanky and Downy what had happened. The evening, therefore, differed in no respect from other evenings. We drank a huge quantity of tea, ate incredible lumps of mutton and damper, smoked many pipes, and went to bed by nine o'clock. OIIAPTEIR II. During the next threo days Rivers never reverted to the storm and its results; and the only difference in our relations was in the fact of our keeping the two flocks together by a sort of tacit consent. We were all day within a few yards of each other, and I observed that whenever he sat down he would take the miniature from his pocket, hold it open in front of him, and so gaze upon it until the movement of the flock required that he should change his resting-place, when he would again sit down and do the same thing. The curiosity I had felt concering him pre viously, therefore, -was now intensified many degrees, so, as we were returning home on the evening, of the fourth day, I said, " Rivers, I wish I knew your history." " It is a. very miserable one," he replied. "I think so," I said, "and that is why I should like to know it. I am not desirous of knowing your private affairs from any idle motive, but I am sure you are not a common man, and I should be glad to offer you my sympathy, though my services.might be of no value." "I once thought I would never confide in any one again," he said, "but I owe you my life, and have no other way of testifying my gratitude save by at least granting you the request you make. I will toll my history to-night, when we return to our hut." The time seemed a long one between the foldings of the sheep and the conclusion of our evening meal, when we retired to our several huts, I and Rivers to mine, and Downy and Lanky to theirs. We wore each lying upon our stretchers of sheepskins covered with that most comfort able of all inventions, the opossum-rug. We had lit our pipes, and the atmosphere of the hut was of the kind which only a colonial smoker can endure with comfort. "I do not wonder," said Rivers, "that you should have felt a curiosity to know something about me. It has beeoon the case with most people whom I have met the last three or four years. I suppose it was be cause my thoughts are reflected in my face, and I am sure my thoughts are unhappy enough. I don't think I should have con sonted to toll you anything about myself but that I am your debtor; and I must en treat you to lot what I say be kept a secret from all the world besides yourself until I am dead, which I trust in Heaven will not be long first." "You may rely upon me that I will utter a syllable to no one," I re sponded. "Four years ago," he began, "there was not a happier man in this world than myself. I was rich. I had hosts of friends, a good position in one of the first manufac turing towns of England. My father, one of the self-made men of the district, though uneducated himself, was keenly sensible of the advantages of education, and had af forded me the amplest opportunity of study. I graduated at the London University, and subsequently spent three years on the con tinent and in the east. In going up the Nile I had four fellow-passengers, a gentle man and his daughter whom I had met at Cairo. Lilian Ravonhill had impressed mi deeply from the first moment I had seen her. Her beauty was of the purest English type, and her manner had in it that mixture of frankness and modesty which in my mind constitute the true charm of womanly be haviour. Why should I tell you of her beauty or her merits ? Why should I re count these details of an intimacy which had nothing in it of the romantic, but whichl was remarkable only for tha intense and genuine affection with which we soon re garded each other ? She became my wife, with the fill consent of both our friends, and we returned to England perhaps the most placidly happy couple that over commenced the career of quiet domestic life. There seemed no possibility of an interruption to the calmly delightful existence which the future promised us. I was taken into part norship by my father, and I enjoyed the respect and consideration which are always shown to a man whose pecuniary affairs are of a satisfactory nature. I lived as became my position of a well- to-do manufacturer, and my education and travels had refined my tastes, so as to enable me to surround myself with those sources of intellectual enjoyment that art and literature so abund antly supply. I experienced the sensation of measureless content, and I thanked God in my heart for so much goodness. Our acquaintance was necessarily a largo one, and we had many friends, if professions of friendship constitute these. Though never disposed to look upon the world with cynical eyes, I yet quietly discriminated between those who sought my society on account of my position, and the fow who entertained a genuine personal regard for me. Among the latter was my old schoolfellow, Frank Wardoll, with whom, from a child, I had always been on terms of the closest intimacy. We had stood to each other in the relation of brothers rather than companions, and when I loft England for my tour, there was no one from whom parting had been so painful as from him. He had been the first to welcome me on my return. I was surprised to find that he was already known to my wife, whom he had met in London; but I was glad also to know that my dear friond was as favourably regarded by her as lie was intensely beloved my me. He had been eating his dinners in the Inner Temple during the time that I had boon wandering abroad, and he had, it appeared, been on terms of considerable intimacy with the Rov. Mr. Ravenhill's family, which con sisted, beside himself, of a son much younger than my wife. Mr. Iavenhill had after twenty yours' hard work as the vicar of a largo metropolitan parish, found his health so much impaired, that he had consented to comply with the wishes of his parishioners and take a twelve-months' tour in Egypt and Palestine, and thus it was I met them, and found a wife. I confess I thought it something singular that Lilian had never mentioned to me that she had known Fraik ; but I concluded that in speaking of him, which I constantly did, it might never have struck her thatmyfriend and her acquaintance was the same person, and as I spoke of him always as being in the north of England and not in London, I thought she might never have supposed this identity. When I say that I regarded it as singiilar Lilian should never have, discovered, this, I do not even think that I. reasoned, or in any way re flected on it. I was so truly happy that I did not believe in the power of anything to disthirb the, perfect satisfaction of which I was conscious. " Wardell had not completed the whole of his terms in the Temple, and was therefore a good deal in London; but the intervals between these he-spent with us. He had been left an orphan at an early age, and had no relatives in Manchester, so that he looked upon our house as his natural home, and I should have taken it as other than kindly if he had not done so. I was a good deal occupied with business matters, and I was glad to have some one with Lilian at a time when she had[ not as yet those resources of occupation which a. perfectly settled domestic condition affords. I took a reasonable interest, too, in the local affairs of the city, and was consequently frequently absent from home of an evening. It therefore seemed most opportune for Frank to be with us, because he could take Lilian to such places'of amusement as her tastes inclined her to, and which I was very glad she should enjoy. It had been arranged that her brother Fred, who was still at school, should spend his Christmas holidays with us. He was a fine open-mannered lad of fifteen, handsome and intelligent, like his sister. Wheni we went to the station to meet him Frank was with. us. 'Holloa, Mr. Wardell,' he exclaimed, as soon as he got out of the train, ' I did not think you would be here;' and then he looked at. Lilian so strangely, and from her to me, that I was greatly 'puzzled to know the meaning of his surprise. She replied to his exclamation with the first frown I had ever seen on her face. He appeared to under stand her, and it was then only that I began musing upon what might have happened between Frank and Lilian before I had met her. I 'supposed it possible there might have been love-passages of some kind between them; but I took what I thought a reasonable view of the case, and admitted that a young and fascinating girl might have seriously engrossed the attentions of a young man, also handsome and fascinating, without the necessity of broken hearts on either side, as the result of her being mar ried to somebody else. That Frank should continue to admire her, and that she should entertain a friendly regard for him, I did not consider inconsistent either with the purity of his friendship or her duty. Be. cause a woman is married, I reasoned, it does not follow that she should shut her eyes to the existence of other men; the pleasant freedom of social intercourse would be at an end if this kind of seclusion were insisted on. I blamed myself indeed for allowing the smallest feeling of surprise to pass through my mind at Fred's exclamation, and by way of punishing myself I urged Frank the more to take Lilian out of an evening. I was generally homo before them at night, and I delighted in superintending the arrange ments of the delightful suppers we used to have. I would contrive to bring something with me that I knew Lilian particularly enjoyed,. and she also used to return with purchases that she had made after she and Frank had left the theatre or concert. In this way the days glided past, full of the happiest enjoyment.. Lilian's love for me seemed to increase continually, and if I had been ever so much predisposed to be jealous of Frank's attentions, the sweet smile of welcome with which she always received me would effectually have dissipated all such feelings. " One night, however, just after Fred's arrival, I had gone out to attend a public meeting at the hall of the Anti-Corn Law League, when just as I was entiring the building I was seized with asudden sickness and fainting. I had been witnessing some experiments in bleaching during the day, and the chemical fumes evolved in the pro cess had been too largely inhaled, I preo sumo, and the sickness and fainting were probably the results of these vapours. I thought it best to return home, and for fear I should alarm Lilian, I came in at the back of the house, and went up a small private stair which led to a room I had had fitted up as a library, adjoining my bedroom. I knew that Lilian was going out, but that she had not gone, and I trusted to have quite recovered before her return. I lay down quietly on a couch. There were voices in the adjoining apartment, and I could not avoid listening to what was being said. The voices were those of Lilian and her brother Fred: "' He has no idea you were ever engaged to Frank ? ' "' 'No, of course not.' . "' I think you treated Frank very ill ?' "' Perhaps.' "'Did Frank know of your marriage before you returned to England? ' " 'Of course he did.' " ' What did he say when he heard of it?' "' He acted like a philosopher, and said a wealthy cotton-spinner was better than a poor sucking barrister.' " ' But you loved Frank ?' " ' I never ceased to love him.' "' What! not when you were married ?' "'Not when I was married.' " ' But don't you love your husband ?' " 'What a boy you are ; don't tease me. Come, I am quite ready, and I hear Frank callint us.' " And then they went down stairs, and prosently I heard the front door close and the carriage drive away. My whole being eoemed to undergo a change. I had believed nyself the sole object of Lilian's love. I had conceded her the right to confer upon Frank the utmost extent of her friendship. E had even admitted that the memory of a tender intimacy might inspire some feeling of interest beyond that of ordinary friend ship; but her love I had thought all my own. And now I was suddenly confronted wiith the terrible truth that she had married me, not because she loved me, but because I was rich and prosperous. I had the utmost difficulty in deciding upon the course best to be pursued. A' terrible hatrod of the friend I had trusted sprang up in my mind, but I remembered that I had as yet no grounds of just complaint against him. For anything I knew, he might be utterly unconscious of the feeling to which Lilian had just confessed. I had no reason to doubt.his honour, and though he might in his inmost heart still retain his love for her, I had never perceived the slightest indication in his manner approaching to familiarity. The terms upon which my wife and he stood were those of the closest intimacy; but, so far as I had seen, they were compatible with the strictest propriety. And yet I had no hesitation in deciding very promptly that lie must quit our house, and be to us henceforth as a stranger. Lilian might reserve the whole extent of her love for Frank, but she had obviously no dislike to me, and I loved her so devotedly that I would try to be con tent with even a modified affection from her, so long as. there was no other object near upon which she might bestow it. I lay for two or three hours pondering on what had happened, and then I got up and went out. My sickness and faintness had all gone, but my head felt on fire. It was a bright frosty night. The snow covered the ground, and I felt a sensible -elief in coming out of th-e darkness of my room into the bright light of the lamps, and feeling the bracing air around me. We lived about two miles from town, but the road which led to our suburb was generally as busy as the town itself, inas much as there were villas on each side all the way, and vehicles were continually pass ing and repassing until midnight. The air felt so refreshing that I decided to walk into town and back, so that I might digest the more carefully my purposes for the future. As I was passing a large hotel which stood at the corner of one of the cross streets, and over whose door an immense gas-lamp was suspended, my own carriage came past at a leisurely pace. On the box were the coachman and Fred. The latter was smoking, and had probably gone outside for that pur pose. Within were Frank and Lilian. The bright light of the hotel shone full into the carriage, so that I could see their faces distinctly. She was clasped in his arms, and her head reclined upon his shoulder. The agony that shot through my soul at that moment it is impossible to describe. I have suffered very deeply since then; but the particular pain that night produced was of a kind I never knew before, nor do I think I could again endure it and contiune to live. A hundred years of 'fearful agony seemed to pass in the few minutes that sped as I leant against the railings in. front of the hotel. 3ut I speedily recovered my self-possession, and then, by a sudden revulsion of feeling, I felt the strength of a giant in all my limbs. A burning desire for revenge took hold of me as I again walked forth, but the vengeance I meditated was not upon Lilian. My love for her seemed to have become a kind of mad infatuation. I even felt as if I could take her to my arms, although she had yielded up herself to Frank; but towards him I felt murderous. I was indifferent to all the consequences that might result to myself from the consummation of my revenge. To kill Wardell was the single purpose of my being. But I would do it secretly. I would do nothing that should occasion Lilian's reputation to suffer. I would be cautious and circumspect, but I would be deadly. I walked quietly back to my residence, and had perfectly recovered my composure by tihe time I arrived. Lilian was somewhat surprised at my being from home, but she had had supper prepared, and was, with Frank and Fred, awaiting my return. There was nothing either in her manner or in Frank's that could in any way suggest the possible existence of what I myself had so recently witnessed. We sat down to supper as usual, and a more seem ingly happy party it would have been im possible to find. Frank was as gay as ever, Lilian as loving, as joyous, and apparently as innocent, and I, with a terrible fire burn ing in my breast, maintained my composure in a manner that surprised myself. I did not sleep all that night. The following morning I was very ill. Lilian was constant in her attentions, and Frank as kind as ever. All this added infinitely to my indisposition. The tension of mind neceossry to preserve my composure, and the loss of sleep that re sulted, were more than nature could endure. I was in a high fever. I do not remember when oblivion overtook me; but when I came to myself, Fred was sitting by my bedside, looking anxionusly at me,: and a strange woman was standing at some little distance from me. " ' Fred,' I exclaimed, ' where's Lilian ?' ' How glad I am to hear you speak col lectedly,' he said. 'Why, what do you mean ? ' ' You have been very ill, delirious; it is a fortnight since you were in your senses. But you're better now. Don't ask me any questions just yet. I'll tell you everything that has happened as soon as you are strong enough to bear it.' I entreated him to keep nothing from me; I was sure the suspense of being ignorant would be worse than the full knowledge of any addi tional misfortune that might have befallen me. And so he told me all. I had been in the strong delirium of fever. I had spoken of Lilian and Frank, and told how I had seen them on the night when I had made the dreadful discovery, and had been ex ceedingly violent, so that several attendants had had difficulty in keeping me in bed. Fred, it seemed, had inquired of Lilian if what I had said were true, or only the dis torted fancies of a disturbed brain. She had confessed all to him, and he had written to Mr. Ravenhill, who had promptly come; and had indignantly ordered Frank to quit the house. He had gone without saying a word; but the very next day Lilian had gone also, and no trace of her had so far been dis covered. The effect of Fred's narration upon me was different from what might have been expected. It acted like a powerful stimu: lant. I insisted upon immediately getting up, and to the horror of both nurse and doctor did so. I had just awoke from six and-thirty consecutive hours of sleep, and beyond a little stiffness in the limbs, I felt in my usual health. I was more than ever resolved to carry out my purpose of putting Frank to death. The next day I went over to Liverpool, and examined the lists of pas sengers of every ship that had sailed since Lilian's disappearance. I did not, of course, expect to find their names; but I had no diffi culty whatever in satisfying myself that a certain Mr. and Mrs. Brown, who had taken their passage in the Great Britain, for Mel bourne, and who had sailed in that vessel five days previously, were those of whom I was in search. I returned to Manchester, told my father all, and expressed my deter mination to follow the fugitives. Both he and Mr. Ravenhill endeavoured to dissuade me from my resolve; but I lived for nothing but to kill the man who had wronged me, and their entreaties were of no avail. The overland mail steamer would leave South ampton in a fortnight, and unless the Great Britain should make an unusually quick passage, I should anticipate her arrival in Hobson's Bay. My own home had become hateful to me. I arranged all my affairs, and went to London, where I spent the in tervening time that delayed my departure. At last I sailed. I was impatient all the way, and fearful lest the Great Britain should have arrived first. And so she did. She had made one of her extraordinary rapid passages, and had got in a week before us. I traced Frank and Lilian from their landing till within a day of the time of my inquiry, when I lost all further evidence of their movements. It is three years since -that time, and I have been occupied ever since in the pursuit. I have been upon every gold field, and in every town and village in the colony. I know they must be living in wretchedness, for they left England with little, money, and Frank is not the man to adapt himself to rough work and earn a living by his labour. In pure despair I came here six weeks ago, as I had heard that a man named Brown was acting as shepherd on an adjoining station. Of course it was not Frank; but as I was now utterly at fault I remained here, sick at heart, weary of life, still bent on fulfilling my pur pose of having his life, but unable to propose to myself what had best next be done. I know they are not out of the colony. I have had agents constantly watching every pos sible outlet. Sometimes I have endeavoured to persuade myself that they are dead. I have hoped it might be so, and if I could but make certain of it I should be at rest. For lack of any definite information, and uncertain in what direction to turn; I have ceased for the present from pursuit. I am reckless, indifferent and weary of life. I hate the busy world, and this occupation of shepherd suits well my misanthropical feel ing. My hair you see is nearly white, my form is bent. I am prematurely old; but if I had the smallest assurance that that man was living, and I had even a remote chance of finding him, I should give myself no rest until I had followed him to the death." It was past midnight before Rivers had finished his story. Its recital had been broken by many pauses, and his emotion at times had been so overpowering, that I hlid been frequently almost inclined to desire him to desist. When he had finished, I did not speak for some time, but I felt agitated beyond my wont. In all my varied experi once I had not known so sad a history. I could not sleep for thinking of it, so I got up and went out of the hut. The waning moon, in her fourth quarter, was just rising from a bank of dark clouds that seemed to hang motionless just above the horizon, and her faint rays of light, while they tinged the projecting points of every object upon which they fell, intensified the long black shadows, and so blended everything within these into a compact dark mass of mysterious darkness. A south-west breeze of the softest kind gently stirred the leaves of the scattered gum-trees, that stood around like weird ghosts. With this exception there was the most perfect silence, and the circumstances made it more than ordinarily oppressive. I was started by hearing Rivers' voice behind me, as I stood watching the spent moon struggling upwards to the zenith, the ragged clouds seeming as if they desired to drag it down again into the darkness. "This is very soothing," he said. "It is only at such times as these that my pulse beats naturally. I have so grown into the habit of constantly hoping to find the man I seek, that in the daytime I am perpetually expecting to en counter him in some disguise or other. Thank Heaven, rest comes sometimes." We Went a little distance from the huts, and sat down upon the fallen trunk of a tree. Suddenly I saw the blue flicker of a light at some distance from us, as if a lucifer match were being struck, and immediately after the fitful irradiation of a face, caused by the glow of a tobacco-pipe in the act of being lighted. Rivers grasped my arm with a force that made me cry out with pain. "Did you see that?" he said, his whole form trembling fearfully. "Yes; it is somebody campingout I suppose, and lighting a pipe." "It is Frank !" he said, and he started off at such a pace that he was out of sight in a moment. I I followed him as quickly as I could, and I after running in the direction he had taken f for a couple of hundred yards I stopped and r listened. I could hear the sound as of two t persons running very quickly, but the dark I gloom of the bush prevented my seeing I anything. I thought it better to remain i quite still, and wait. The sound of the I footsteps became fainter and fainter, and at last I could hear nothing but the beating of my own heart. I sat down upon the 7 ground, and waited in the expectation that I Rivers would return after probably discover ing his mistake, for I could not suppose it .was indeed lrank Wardell's face that he had seen. Presently I felt myself growing F Sdrowsy, and at last I fell asleep. I was C awakened by hearing Lanky calling out to me, and asking me if I had been nobbleri,,- I ing last night. ' Neither he nor Downy we'e e at all surprised at Rivers' sudden disappei r- I ance. They always thought him a bit 'cranky; he came in an odd manner, and he ;had gone as he had come. My own re- 1 lections on the strange events of the night were interrupted by the arrival of the over seer from Melbourne, and with him a letter for, myself, containing the offer of an ap pointment. as reporter upon one of the Mol 1bourhe daily journals, a chance of bettering • my position of which I was only too eager 'to avail myself. I quitted the station the 'same day, the overseer kindly supplying me with a horse which took me to Bendigo, 'from which place I went to Melbourne by coach. My own affairs occupied me for 'many weeks after this, and the agreeable 'change from the dreary desolateness of shepherding to the pleasant excitement of 'reporting was'so acceptable to my feelings that Rivers and his melancholy history only recurred to me at intervals. It was in the 'full excitement of the first discovery of the ,gold:fields, and the fevered life of that ex 'ceptional time suited well my eager craving for mental stimulation. We were all mad then. 'It was the very feast of unreason vanity fair in its completest form,. Every body made money, and everybody spent it as it was made. The colony was the centre .of attraction to the whole world, and among the first to respond to the impulse were the 'crowds of disreputable characters from all the contiguous colonies. Crime, therefore, .was in the ascendant, and though the rigour of .the law was exercised to its capable eitent, and though the gallows was rarely without an occupant for many weeks .to gether, the most horrible deeds continued 'to be committed. In the exercise of my functions, therefore, I was frequently called upon to record the proceedings of the crim inal law courts, and to chronicle the execu tions which took place. The public became so accustomed to the occurrence of deeds of violence of all kinds, that even appalling crimes occasioned but a passing comment. A murder, however, of more than ordinary atrocity had been committed on one of the diggings, and public attention was especially directed to the occurrence for a time. The keeper of a refreshment- tent--which in those dtjays meant a sly-grog shop-who had, wvith fiendish barbarity, first stupified his wife with drink, and then savagely thrown her down one of the holes near his dwelling. 'The' offence had been distinctly proved against' him, and he lay in the Melbourne gaol awaiting the last penalty of the law. But as the day of his execution approached, ,an unusual difficulty presented itself. Jack Ketch had deserted his post, and gone to ".inake his pile" with many more gentle men .of like respectability with his own. The sheriff had made liberal offers in the hope of engaging an:executioner, but up to the night' but one preceding the day fixed for hanging the murderer no one 'had con sented, to accept the office, and the rumour ,ran that the sheriff must himself do the work,. which, in these days of refinement, he performs by deputy.. It, was - blowing from the north on this particular night; not blowing, a hot wind, for it was past the end of summer, and June had already commenced. It was as cold and nipping a blast as ever whistled, in: an Eng lish November. It was accompanied by a piercing, fretful rain, which came down, not heavily nor in violent anger, but neverthe less decisively, as if it had made up its mind to be disagreeable, and people had better-go within doors. Truth to say, there were but few persons passing along Bourke-street at that hour, for it was far beyond midnight, and all well-prdered folk had gone to bed. There were, however, yet a few whose foot steps broke the increasing silence. Birds of ill-omen, of which there were flocks in those days, .prowled about, lingering at corners aid .lurking in doorways, looking out for liquor-laden diggers whom they might plun •der," and,' may be, knock on the head. These, but lately evicted from the various public-houses, were wandering hither and thither purposeless and vacant, and it seemed only a proper punishment for their folly that they should fall into the hands of the night-hawks.. A few of the lowest of those poor forlorn creatures whose degrada tion is part of their trade, dragged their mniserable limbs along the pavement-their tawdry finery limp and draggled, and their vice-inscribed features gaunt with disease and 'excess -A very few persons appeared to .be intent upon business, for there, are divers avocations that must be pursued when other crafts are at rest. As I happened to belong to one of those, I was making my way to the eastern suburb at the particular hour I have' just referred to. There was a coffee-stall at the corner of Russell-street, the proprietor. of which was a comfortable man, very fat, very dirty, but withal extremely civil. I had never ventured upon patronising his symposium, but I had some times begged of him a light for my pipe. I had? thus got up a kind of intimacy with him, and when I passed him we had always moie 'or -less conversation respecting the weather. I was taking a light as usual at one of his lamps, when a hoarse hollow voice disturbed both him and me. The coffee man-was not 'a highly imaginative person, but he 'seemed not a little disquieted as the sepulchral tones again struck upon his ea. .There was nothing remarkable in the words, for they merely consisted in " a cup of coffee " but the comfortable fat-man's hanid' seemed to shako as he hold about three-quarters.of a pint of very suspicious looking 6arbonaceous decoction to his cus tomer. " Would you like anything to eat ivith it ?" he said, and he pointed to a stack of. stale but extremely- sugary buns that stobd'on one side of his:.hospitable board. The haniid belonging to the voice seized one of .these 'questionable delicacies; nnd con veyed it to-a mouth which was presumably part of a face. The existence of the face, however, could only be assumed, for what with a profusion of hair and a slouching wideawake, no fea tures were visible. A tall lumbering figure seemed to be part of the organization; but the manner of the individual represent ing it was so unusual, that it seeemed im possible to take note of anything save his demeanour. He swallowed the coffee ajmost greedily, and ate three buns in like manner, as if he had been half famished. He continued to eat without speaking, and I experienced a sort of fascination as I stood at some little distance watching him. When he had finished his meal, he placed some money upon the stall, and departed silently. I cannot tell how it was, but it 'ever struck me that it was Rivers until I had watched him some distance up the street, when the certainty of its being him suddenly flashed uponme. There was in his manner, however; a total absence of that restless looking round 'which had been before such a principal item in his behaviour, and the fact of my not having observed this had probably prevented my recognising him. As soon as I felt sure of its being Rivers I set off quickly after him, but he turned the corner of Stephen-street when I was opposite where now the Haymarket Theatre stands. When I reached the Stephen- street corner I could not see anything of him. Ho had become absorbed in some one of the nume rous lodging-houses of.the unsavoury neigh bourhood of which Little Bourke-street is the main artery, and at that hour I did not think it safe to follow him. The next day I communicated with one of the detective police with whom I was ac quainted, and arranged with him in the evening to go and explore the Melbourne Alsatia in search of Rivers. We accordingly visited every house' likely to have received him, and as we were on the point of abandoning our search, we discovered that he had spent the previous night in one of them, but that he had gone away in the morning and had not returned. As it was eleven o'clock when we made this discovery, and he had not then come back, I wrote a letter to him, which the woman of the house agreed for a consideration to deliver, and I left glad at having met with at least this portion of success in my search. . The morning following had been, as I have said, fixed for the execution of the wife-murderer; but the uncertainty regard ing the engagement of a hangman rendered it necessary for me to make inquiry at the last moment, in order. that I might kniow whether my services as. chronicler of that event would be required. I found that the difficulty had been overcome. A stranger had volunteered his services, and they had been gladly accepted. So ordinary a duty had it become to me to attend upon these occasions, that I confess I thought far less of what I had to do on the coming morning than of what I had been engaged in during the evening. I dreamt that night of Rivers as he had described himself to me in the days before sorrow had come upon him, and I awoke as I was sitting down to supper with himself, his wife, and Frank Wardell. It was already half-past seven, and I had to make a hurried toilet in order to get to the gaol a few minutes before the dreadful busi ness should.take place. It was in the days of public executions, and a vast crowd was surging backwards and forwards in the vacant space now occupied by the county court, the turnkeys' quarters, and the new portion of the gaol. It. was a cheerful, briiiant morning. The wind had changed, during the night; the sky was bright blue, only flecked ihere arid there by strips of sil very cloud. The sheriff and other officials were waiting at the end of the long corridor opposite the condemned cells, and the solemn tones of the clergyman in attend ance could be heard within the cell, mingled with the sobs of the unhappy man whose minutes were now numbered. The turnkeys in attendance were talking in whispers, and the subject of their conversation I discovered was the mysterious and unexpected arrival of the volunteer Jack Ketch. Nobody knew him; and he had declined to give his name. "Here he comes," said one. I turned to see, and was shocked beyond expression to behold Rivers emerging from one of the cells on the opposite side, exactly as I had seen him the night but one previously. It wanted yet some minutes to the time fixed, and as he stood statue-like a few yards apart from the rest, I moved towards him. Rivers," I said. He did not start, for he had already seen me. "You are surprised to find me acting in this horrible capacity," he said, in a voice calm and deliberate, but hollow and hoarse. "I am surprised and shocked," I exclaimed. "Let me beg of you to refuse to perform so debasing an office. Come away with me. This is horrible." He took hold of my hand, and his touch was like ice. ".The man whose executioner I am about to be," he whispered "isFrank Wardell, and the woman whose life he took was my wife, Lilian. I have sought this hour too long to relinquish it now. He dies, not as I could have wished him to die, but he dies by my hand, and he will know it. Do not attempt to dissuade me from my purpose; but do not, until I have been long dead, make known who I am, and what I have been. You will promise me this?" ' I promise." "If you are asked anything, simply say you once knew me.' At this moment the prisoner was brought out of the cell.,: His. countenance was a wreck of beauty, that vice, excess, and' privation had rendered truly appalling. He had been weeping, but he had regained composure, and he stood waiting to be pinioned. Rivers came behind him, and secured his arms without showing him his features, and then lie came in front, and looked full into the face of the miserable man. I shall never forget the expression of horror and shame which that look called up. Frank en deavoured to turn away his face, but Rivers moved with him, and as he put the. cap upon his head, whispered in his ear, "we are quits now," and then fell behind some paces, to permit the clergyman to walk close behind the condemned man. It seemed an age as thoprocession passed alongthatgloomy corridor on .its way to the drop. I could see nothing but the ashy-pale face of Rivers as he followed after his once beloved friend, whose life he had sought these long weary years. The scaffold' was reached; I. heard the groans of the multitude outside as they execrated the miserable object of their indig nation, who shuddered as he listened to it. I' saw Rivers ascend the stops after the prisoner, and then there was a pause and silence for half a minute; and then the drop swung upon it hinges with a startling, creaking sound, the rope tightened, and the purpose of Rivers' life was accomplished! Immediately after I heard the sheriff call hurriedly to one of the turnkeys to look to the oxecationor; he had fainted. He was brought down the stops and laid upon the stones of the court-yard. I looked into his face and felt his pulse. His sorrows and his revenge were both at an end. Ho was dead. His wife's portrait was firmly grasped in his hand-the hand that had just drawn the fatal bolt, and avenged him of his unfor given wrong. 