MISCELLANEOUS. FEMALI: LETTEU-WIIITEKS.-At Vienna a corps of female commissionaires lins been organised. Ono branch of tho duties they under Uko to perform is Ibo writing oftotters for those of their sex who do not possess calligraphic accom- plishments. This will no doubt be a most agrceablo duty, as in its performance they will naturally become acquainted with a few choice secrets. Mummil TS SWEDEN.-A dreadful crime has been per- petrated in Sweden. A member of ono of tho first families of tho country, Count 0. Cronljcim, murdered his maternal grandmother by shooting hor with a pistol, at Stockhohn, because she refused to givo him a sum of money which ho wnnted. After the crime tho Count seized all thc nionoy and jewels ho could find belonging to tho deceased, and took to flight, but tho police succeedod in securing him. I CocK-riOHTLs-oExTiiAonDTXAnY.-Between thirty nnd forty persons wero brought up tho other morning at Álarl I borough-street Police Court, on a charge of being present at and assisting in n main of cock-fighting, which exploit took placo on premises attached to tho Queen's Heud public house, G rent Windmill-sti eot. Some information of the intended fighting had been conveyed to tho Society for Preventing Cruelty to Animals, and their otllcors obtained admission to tho cockpit, by a stratagem, where they saw enough to bring the charges homo lo all the prisoners. A sceno liko that which tho court pre- sented has not been wi tnessed'for years, o very part, including tho approaches, being dousely crowded. A box of silver spurs, scissors, files and saw, weights and scales, nnd a large number of live and dcadcockswcro produced by polico officers, Toennble theprisoncrs to bo placed before tho ningistratothc dock bad to be removed, and forms substituted, and there was such n scene of excitement when the public was ad- mitted thnt the magistrate had to threaten to have the court cleared if silence was not obtained. There was nu attempt to deny tho guilt of the prisoners, but tho gentlemen who appeared for them sought lo extenuate their o.Tence by pleading that one fimo cock-fighting was the amusement of roynlty. Mr. Knox fine each of tho prisoners £5. EXECUTION* or A PAHUICIDE.-Tito execution of Michael Lynch, for the murder of his father, lins taken pince nt Cork, in front of tho county gaol. As noarly ton years had elapsed since tho last execution in that city, und in that caso thc victim was not a Cork man, an immense crowd, estimated nt 10,000 pcoplo, was attracted to tho scene, partly, no doubt, from curiosity to witness tho novel spectacle, and partly from tho circumstances attending tho clime, which was n domestic tragedy of tho sensational class-¡he delibéralo murder of n lather on n lonely hijrh wny nt midnight, by a young man of 23, who wished to avenge his mother's "wrongs. There was also a good deni of sympathy in favour of tho convict, arising from tho fnct thu ho was found guilty mainly upon his own confession. Sineo his conviction great" efforts were made to obtain a commutation of tho contoneo ; but tho Lord-Licutcnont folt constrained to decide that tho law must take its course. Tho wretched convict himself seemed to tnko hut little interest in theso efforts, his de- meanour in prison having been characterised by stolid in- difference, which showed a defect in his moral sense, if not some derangement in his intellect. Ho ascended tho scaO'old with a finn step, made a full confession of his guilt, nnd ncknowlcdged the justice of his sentence His oppcar nnco excited n low murmur from the vast assembly, and when the bolt was drawn thero was deep siionco while tho body fell. There was a convulsivo strugglo for two or throo seconds, and all was over, After hanging tho usual time, thc.body was .taken down and buried in qne .of tho yards in tho prison. UNEXPECTED DISAPPOINTMENT.-Tho salaries of^tho colouial Bishops aro for tho most part providod from " Tho Colonial Bishoprics' Fund," which is supposed to bo in- vested in tho names of tho four following trustees, tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer, vice-Chancellor Pago Wood, Mr. Hubbard, M.P., and Archdeacon Hall. It was antici- j pated thnt ns soon ns tho judgment of tho Judicial Coin , mittce of tho Privy Council lind declared tho wholo of the proceedings of the Bishop of Capo Town to be null and void tn law tho ftilory of tho Bishop of Nntul, which wAs being withheld whilo the proceedings wore pending against him, would bo paid. Tho Council, however, who havo tho nwnngemem of Ibo fund, have announced through thoir Kihci;ors thnt they nre not prcpnrod to pay the nrronrs of Knlnry ; (lie question, llicrelurc, is not yoi settled, and another exciting legal contest limy probably tnko placo in n new «tenn, LIRHTKNANT PICKAIIII.-The inlcrosliiijt ceremony of prcirnting tho Victoria Cross to Lieutenant Pickard, of tho ltoynl Artillery, took plnco in tho Dublin Castle Yard recently. Mnjor-Gcncral Kidley, Ibo General commanding Ibo Dublin district, pronounced a-high onlogium on tho gnllnnt officer's morita, and rend (ho following oxlniets from thc Landan Gaulle:-"Lioutonnut A. F. Pickard, of the lîoynl Horse Arlillcry.-This officer, together with Assistant-Surgeon W. Temple, of Ibo Koynl Arlillory, was recommended for (ho Victoria Cross, for gnl'nnt oondnot during tho assault on tho enemy's position at Hiiiigiriri, in New /cnlnnd, on tho MlluNovcnibcr, 1802, in exposing: Iii« lilo to imminent diiugpi- in crossing with Assistant- Surgeon W. Templo thc entrance of tho Maori koop-a jwiiit upon which tho enemy had concentrated their tire-with a view I« nuder nssisliiiico lo thc wounded, mid moro especially lo tho lalo Captain Mercer, of Ibo Hoyal Arlillory. Lieutenant Pickard, il is slated, crossest and rocrossod (ho pnrnpot lo nrocmc wntcr for tho wounded, whan nono or Ibo men could bo induced to perform that sorvico, tho apnoo over which ho (inversed being exposed lo ii cross fire; and testimony is homo to the calmness displayed by him and Assistant-Surgeon Templo under thc trying circumstances in which they wcro placed." Tho order was thon placed upon Lieutenant Vickurd's breasts mid thu troops having di tiltil before the nxijor-gcnrr.il, (ho proceedings tor. minuted. SiAVi.sr. TWINS.-Tho Siiuncso twins aro living; in North Carolina, where they farm a slavo plantation. They mun ¡cd two sisters, and whilo thoy lind tivo children each the sisters lived happily. AV'hon ono of thom, however, hud a sixth child, they quarrelled and would notlivo under tho same roof. Tho twins aro now fifty years old. Ono of them is drooping, nnd experiments havo bcon mado to (Ind out if tho ligature that binds them wcro out whothor thoy could survive. On tho ligature being lied so ns loprorenl tho circulntion#f blood, tho twins fainted, lt is «vident, therefore, that when ono die« they cannot lin separated, timi both must jwrish. Thoir respiration is synchronous. SCKNI! ix THU COMMONS: DKATII or Conni:*.-Tho scene in tho House of Commons on tho night of April 3rd wini pninful rather than gratifying, for tho speakers there, except Mr. Bright, were professional culogisors, It wai n "right thing lo do," this lauding tho dead statcsmnn, nnd therefore thoy did it. lt was not Lord Palmerston's in- tention nt Hrs! lo say a word, but ho was urged to consent to tho adjournment of thc House, and, ns ho could nul do this bccniiio thc Government wanted souio voles in supply, ¡ie compromised by giving, instead of au adjournment, a speech ; nnd, this being fettled, n noto was dispatched to Mr. Disraeli lo inform him of tho nrrnngemont, that ho too, if he felt inclined, might conti ¡bulo lus meed of eulogy of tho deceased stntCfinnn. This was, then, no burst of grief, no spontaneous expression of sorrow, but a thing got up. Lord Palmerston roso to perform his Mipulnted task nt n quarter to 5, nnd os ho roso the llouso at onco hushed into profound silonco mid nttontion. Of his lordship's speech|littlc need bo said, ns all our readers will have seen nnd road it. Tho noblo lord did his work, on the whole, neatly enough, and this is all that can bo snid iu his prn\«e. Ho was not inspired. There was little or no warmth in it. Mr. Disraeli's speech was fnr tho most im- pressive of tho two. His manner was moro solemn, Iiis thoughts moro approprinto-, his estímalo of tho great states- man moro juBt. And now solemn the llouso was whilst Mr. Din-mli was speaking ! Thero was sileneo that might bo felt. Tho nttontion was rapt. Every mon seemed tobo holding his brail li lest his straggling emotions should break forth into expression and disturb tho speaker. And when' tho orator told us thnt the deconsed statesman hail joined that groat band of members who, though not present in tho body, aro still here, kc, there burst forth from ninny parts of thc Houso deep sighs mid low but unusually espressivo murmurs of npplnuse. Thnt was n beautiful figure of Disraeli's : nothing more beautiful wns ever presented to tho House, lt wns borrowed, bul it wa» nono tho less bcnuliful because St. Paul used it before. Of Mr. Bright's speech n word need not bo said. 11 is n speech to bo rend, anil felt, mid not to bo talked about. "When Mr. Bright sat down Sir Morton Peto rose. For a moment tho members listened, thinking thnt possibly he, too, wns goiug to «ny something about Mr. Cobden ; but iUm the wolds " Bonn! of Admiralty" fell upon llifir earp, up roso the crowd. Yes ; it wns nil over. Thc drama lind boen performed ; nnd thnt crowd, latclv so solomn nnd silent, was now lushing ont, gabbling nnd cackling ns if nothing lind imppcnod. ANGLICAN OHDGK OF ST. Br.NF.mcT.-Brother Igna- tius is engaged in serious difficulties with his third order. Somo hnvc resigned, and others do not pleaso him, so thnt the order is in rather a bad way. Tho Feast of St. Bone diet has been celebrated with great pomp in tho monastery. Tho "Mother Abbess," tho celebrated Miss Sellon, assisted nt Ihe scrvico in her full robes as an abbess, an ncolyto bearing her handsomo pastoral staff.-On Good Friday morning, Brother Ignatius and tho brethren of the English Order of St. Benedict mndo special offerts to eclobrato tho day according to their pecidiar views. Tho chapel was hung with black, and nb light wns carefully excluded, nltliongli two largo candios glimmered gloomily before tho altar. After a few soconds, howover, it was apparent that a procession was advancing at a snail's paco through tho gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and cloeely-pickcd congregation, principally of tho poorer class. The" nch baritone vsico of Brother Ignatius could soon bc dctoilod in tho hymn which tho procession wa« singing. "When tho procession reached tho altar a fow moro candles were lit, and it was then possiblo to observo that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his b ick, while his head wns covered with the cowl of tho order. Among tho novelties introduced into tho ceremonial on this occasion was tho following:-At tho words in tho gospd, " It is finished," fcnd " Ho bowed his head and gavo up tho ghost." an attempt was mndo to portray tho lightning and thunder which tho Scripture narratives (thus tho roportor) íccord to have attended tho real cvont. Tho thunder wns moro successful than tho lightning, which moy bo said in I deed to hove bcon a mere flash in the pan ; somo of tho 1 kitchen utensils would seem, from tho nature of tho sound evolved, to havo been concerned behind tho scenes in tho production of tho thunder. At thin extraordinary scono or rather nttcmpt at n scono-Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouscloy, all tho monks, and most of tho congregation, prostrated themselves for a fow seconds,-Home ¿fews, Amil 26. REMAIIKAW.Y LAnor. TniîK.-Tho Brazilian journals would seem to outvio Baron Munchausen in tho discoveries of natural wonders. They toll of a tree on tho banks of tho Bronco, a tributary of tho Uiver Amazon, undortho canopy of which 10,000 human boings^nay find shelter, and tlio height of which is such, that a gigantic bird, tho Tonony don, nnoiher wonder of tho bnsin ofthoAmn7.ou,porche3 itself to high up tho branches as to be quito out of riflo 6hot. Tho freo belongs to tho Makactous order, and ts called by tho Brnzilinns Sottina. Us VIEUX BnAVE.-General Baron do Chamoln. ono of thc ffiw survivors of the Grand Army, hns just died in the S8th yenr of his ngo. lie entered tho army as a volun- teer, marched from tho Camp of Boulogno in 1801, and was present nt tho various battles in Gorninny, Russia, and Franco, from Austerlitz to tho conclusion of tho campaign in 1814. The Courier du Kord anuounces tho death of Jofcph Doboy, in his 87th year. Ho served in tho armies of the Hcnuhlic and tho Empire, and was the oldest soldier wearing flic medal of St, Melena. Wu. GAVAS DUFFY IX ESOLAKH.-Tho Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy, late Minister of Public Lands in Victoria, is Ploying nt the Grosvenor Hotel, London. It is said to be tho intcntjpn of n number of Irish mombcrs of Parlia- ment, neting in concert with his other friends in London, to invito tho hon. gentleman to a public banquet. DANISH ENOCH AUDEN.-A prisoner of war who hud been Jong under treatment in Austria for mental affliction lins just returned to his homo in Jutland, whero ho owns a farm. On arrival at his villngo ho found that his wife lind become tho wifo of another. Tho Danish Ministry of War had returned him on tho list of dead. Tho Cologne Gavotte, finding its news frequently taken without acknowledgment by a German contemporary, de- termined recently to punish the offender in a somewhat oripinul manner. Having received telegraphic information of Mr. Cobdcn's death ami of Mr. Bright having been pre- sent when the event took place, it nmiounced in tho e.\ chnngo" copy intended for its contemporary, and of course in that copy alone, that Mr. Bright lind succumbed, and thnt Mr. Cobden had received tho last adioux of his friend. The bnit was swallowed whole. Not only did tho news- paper thus hoaxed nnnounco tho death of tho member for Birmingham, but it added a skoteh of lus career. Tho Colonne Gaystie is, of course, in ecstacics. Tho Chicago ToU says that (ho name of Illinois originated from some Frenchmen calling an island in tliat State, which was covered With walnut-trees, tho fruit of which was ripo nt the time of their visit, "lslo aux Nois"-tho Isle of Nuts. An American paper snvs thnt the University of Chicago possesses thc largost, and it is behoved the finest telescopo in thc world. Heretofore Harvard Collego has held that honour, but the " Clarke telescope," of Chicago, is to tho Harvard as 34 to 21-moro than one- half larger. Its cost was 11,187 dollars for the object-glass, und 7000 dollars for the tube and mounting. Tho focal longth of tho telescope is twenty-three feet. A singular instance of mental precocity has just becu given ot Montpellier. M. Emanuel do Ricard, only sixteen years of ngc, hns been ndmiltod a member of tho bar of that town. Tho first president of tho Court in administer- ing tho outh, introduced tho young barrister to his future confrères by a flattering address, in which ho reforrod to tho brilliant studies that M. do Ricard had gono through. At twelve ho had, by a dispensation of agc, been received bnehclor of letters, and a fow months later had receivod tho same degrco in scioncc. Ho was then, after a most sovero examination, received into tho Naval School of Brest ; but in place of entering tho navy, ho accomplished his law studies at tho Ecole do Droit, of Toulouso, with great t'clat, nnd had now beon duly received as avocat. . A new china egg-cup has boen introduced into Franco. Tho cup. is half of a hollow Bphcrp rosting on a thin square entablaturo, which "is supported by c'aryatidos representing Julius Ciesnr, Charlemagne, and Napoleon I. and III. When the egg is in the cup tho figures appear to bo sup- porting a globe. By design or accidont Napoleon III. j npfears weak, as if his fall was imminent. Placing photographs of deceased individuals in their coffins is now a custom of tho Continont. Tho llkoucssci (aro warranted to last for conturies. Tho utility is not visible-tho good taste doubtful. At o recent Parisian bal costume a l»dy apr, arc ' in, th custumu of a hcathuf! guildes», and, lo render tho dre« moro classically correct and striking, tho fair and bashful darno appeared in Natun/» stockings, from tho bottom of die Uimc downwards. Sandals sko wore, and no moro. It was considered quito u suecos»! Tho Duchess of üucelouc.li fou» mot with an accident of a eoinowhnt serions nature. Her grace was visiting tho chapel within the grounas nt Dalkeith Palace, for thc pur- pose rf seeing the Hasler decorations, when, on turning lound, ono of her feet slipped, causing hor lo full on tho corner of a pow with such force as to fracture ono of her ribs. Her grare, however, ia rapidly recovering. In fuiniinont of tho will of Mr. William Smith O'Urion, Mr. P. 3. Smyth, editor of thc irishmm, has bcon pre- senten" with n silver teti-strvicc, " who," according to tho will, " went (wire to AuataiHn fur tho purpose of trying to deliver me from captivity." Admiral Sir .1 nines Stirling, ho? just died al his residence, Aimingsloy, in Surrey. Thc deceased admiral, who was liom in 1701, entered thc navy nt un early ajro. and con- tinued in active service throughout tho last- French war. Fur ten yenraho was Oovonior mid Commander-in-Chief in WeMcni Australia. Tho dccriuicd oflloer wa» a Knighl Coimiiunder of tho liodeemcr of Greece. _ "Tho villano of Sr.igcl-MnnaHtor, situated orr- nn island in tho Danube," «ayn tho Lloyd* of Pejth, " hus been tho scone of a sad disaster. Tho'vineyards of some of tho in- habitants uro on tho opposila sido of tile river. «nd a ferry- boat convoys tho workmen backward« and for- wards. On April Gth thirly-sovon or thirty-eight', parsons were illuming across (ho rivor in- tho ovoning, and tho boat being heavily laden and deep- in tho wator, boenmu submerged, mid all thc passongors, with thc exception of six or eight who contrived lo reach tho shoro hy swimming, lost their lives. The remains of an nncicnl city have boen discovered in tho department of Osorno, in tho south of Chili, supposed to bo cither tho rioh iiiitiinir city of Ponzuelos or thal of Los Césares, also fabulous for its wealth. 