EXTRACTS FROM ' MELBOURNE PUNCH.' Lessons m Hattebai History.— Teacher— 'Now, boys, this is a whale ; can you tell me what tbe whale docs with all the water he swallows ? ' Smart boy (whoBe father is a pawnbroker) — ' Please, sir, he spouts it.' Why are Chinese the best hewers of wood ? — Be- cause they have always been accustomed to chop sticks. How does a young lady cease to be perfection when married ? — She is no longer matchless. A Patent Joke. — What the G-overnment gave the Shenandoah, and what the Shenandoah gave the ' G-overnment — the Slip. Short-hahded Justice. — The reporter charged with ' taking notes' haB been acquitted. ' The Akericaw Platforms. — The Croydon Ame rican) Democrat publishes tEe following platform, arranged to suit all parties. The first column is the Secession platform; the second is the Abolition plat form ; and the whole read together is the Democratic platform. The platform is like the Union — as s whole*it is Democratic, but divided, one half is Secession and the other Abolition : — Hurrah for The Old Union Secession Is a curse We fight for The Constitution The Confederacy Is a league with bell We love Free speech The rebellion Is treason' We glory in A free press Separation Will not be tolerated We fight not for Tue negroes' freedomj Reconstruction Must be obtained We must sneceed At every hazard Tbe Union We love We love not The negro We never said Let the Union slide We want The Union as it was Foreign intervention Is played ont We cherish The old flag The stars and bars Is a fiannting Ue We venerate The luibeas corpus Southern chivalry Is hateful Death to Jeff. Paris Abe Lincoln Isn't the Government Down with Mob law Law and order Shall triumph. A New Magic Lantern. — A novelty in one of the most popular instruments for the entertainment of the family circle and the public assembly comes very appropriately at this season of the year. Xhe magic lantern has not yet lost its charms, even for those who remember it as a recreation of boyhood ; but the old-fashioned apparatus will soon give way to one of modern construction registered by Mr. Chad burn, and exhibited the other day at the rooms of Mr. Brothers, St. Ann's-square, by Mr. Morgan, optician, and the agent for the invention in this city. The old modus operandi is well known. The object to be pat before the audience is placed between the light and the lens. This requires that it should first be painted or photographed on glass, and the photographic pictures are not colored, as the effect is thereby destroyed in consequence of the transparency being reduced. Bat with the new lantern transparency is unnecessary, and the old glass slide becomes obsolete. The most opaque object can be represented with. all its colors and in the minutest detail. You may fill up your slide from your photo graphic album, and place your friends npon the canvas merely with the aid of their cartes de ?oisite. Pictures, colored or uncolored, will pasB perfectly throagh the lens, and the coin collector can show instantaneously, to a whole assembly, each of his specimens and give them at a glance the colour and form of the object. The lantern will be equally useful to the botanist, enabling him to display to those whom he is entertaining an exact reproduction, with the hue and the construction of the plant or flower he is describing. The purposes to which such an invention may be applied can be beBt stated by a scientific lecturer, or by the entertaiuer-or inatructo of youth. A description of the instrument wonld be uninteresting ; but it may be briefly stated that it is a combination of the principles of the old magic lantern and of Pepper's ghost illusion. The object is illuminated from the front instead ot from behind ; the light, the object, and the lens forming a sort of triangle. k' The illumination is just as effective as in the old system, but the new construction gives an extended power of illustration which will, no doubt, make the magic, lantern much more popular even than it haa jeen. ? 