ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL Tuesday. Jahuaby 81. Tho PassrnENr announoed that tbe Go- I -vernor, atTooreb, had given his assent to I ttbe'Consolidated Revenue (£-580.000) B1U. I TheHouae having been oalled, Mr Hchvee moved the eecond leading of *tbe Constitution Act Amendment BUI. lie stated '(hat the measure was necessary in order to bring the House into harmony with theCorfitltntion. Since the passing of the Constitution Act the qualification of mem bers and electors of the L«g!s!ative As sembly had been1 abolished, and the term -of membership had been abridged, "but -no alterations whatever had been effected in tbe same direction with regard "to the legislative Council, although pro perty Tmd fallm in value by one half. Ex perience bed shown thnt seats in the House "were not ea jerly Fonght for, and this state of things be retributed to a great extent to the amount o f Qualification. The bill proposed to jrdu« i by one-half the qnalificatlon and tecu re of members, and the quali fication of electors. The meaanre contained mo provii ion for increasing the number of members, but' if the House desired there should be an increase he would odor no ob jection to tl le i rroeeeding. Mr. Jem- ee,,. in seconding the motion, called atteni 'io i to the fact that the number of persons et til led to vote in the election of members of the - Legislative Council was not much more t. hai 18,000, whereas at one time it was upwart 'e • ef 16,000. Ho oneideted that tbe bill ehoulc 1 j rovide for an increase in the number of pr it inces and members—tbe for mer by three, t he latter by fifteen. Mr. Hcncni < xpressed the fear that the bill would not i or et the requirements of the country. Then. 1 was no provision for the redistribution ol t rovinoee, which he thought all-Important. 1 Gi tless the measure were ma terially amended • 1 should feel compelled to vote against it Mr. Lowe suppc 'tt ed the bilL Mr. Hull denie d that the bill was called for by the wants ol "t he people. No petitions bad been presented ° 11 tbe subject When he offered himself for * Oie Central Province he declined to support i tn y measure for the alter ation of the constitu ti. in of the House. The object of the bill appi *ai *d to be to bringdown the House to the lew 1 °f the other branch of the legislature. Mr. Fellows said I, ' 1 'tad been announced that tbe bill had beei t introduced with the desire to bring the Hon « more iuto harmony with tbe Const! tntlon. B y this he presumed was meant harmony wltl 11 She Assembly. But did tbis imply that the OTle House should be a mere echo of tbe oth ei*? If so, what use would there be in having t wo chambers? It was urged that the Ho u: le had been ob Elrnclive; hot how cot '■ ' this be Said when such measures a 6 - fho manhood suffrage, the abolition of- th ® .property quali fication of members of the A 5 semhly, and the increase in the number of 1 members of that body, had been passed by the Council? "What greater harmony c» i Id bo desired between the two Houses? H 1=' own opinion was that the harmony wa«gra 1 ter than wis desirable, and that no case ha d been made out for the bill. Mr. ATJeckett observed th a t he would support the reduction of tbe qu. e lificationof members and electors, bathe cm l-M not give his approval to any other feature ' *f the hill. He was against shortening tbe pres f nt tenure. It was Important that tbe Honae ■> '•ould be a permanent body, not subject to t * pawing Influences of political opinion. 1 B 'e consi dered, however, that tbe time hac ' arrived when the number of members of th 6 Mouse should be increased. Mr. Cole opposed the bill. He objt « *®d to the House being made "the puppets cf the hour," and to the Constitution being t. tided with. Mr. Fbasib supported tbe second rat wflng. He observed tbat Messrs. Power, Hope, ""Wn iiock, and Bobertron lost their seats bee * Use they were hostile to reform; and he predi c ted that the hon. members who had to go be 6 their constituents next year would than 1 a similar fate if they ventured to oppose the bill. Mr. Bess would support the second rea t fng, and in committee would endeavour t « secure tbe adoption of a grade ated scale o f voting. He objected to the tenure being in fringed at ail. Mr. firsuemn contended that la nded pro perty—the legitimate property of the country —had increased in value sines the pa wing «f the Constltution Act; and intimated that he should oppose thehfll, even if the pi "ohood ing cost him his seat next year. Had 'enied that the gentlemen named by Mr. Frarer ' been rejected -because they were oppose ® to the prinei|fle of -the tfffl. He believed t protection was the chief ground of the p *" Mr. M'Crab urged (hat the House was tb. most Irresponsible body of the kind in ibe world, and that the bill wonld bring it under the control of public opinion. Mr. Blade* objected to the rednctldn of the qualification. The present qualification wag a guarantee that the Home would not be inundated by mere adventurers, or poli tical professors. It was a guarantee that every member bad a stake in the country, and that .this vote would ho given for the welfare of the country- With re gard to the number of electors, it was si feet that mode deotan voted at recent ejections than at the elections which took place when the Constitution was first launched. Hocautione^iheHoueeigainitcoa founding public opinion' "it*1 mem political excitement and agitation, which could easily be produced at the time of •' general ebotiosi. There had been no expreeelon of opinion on thepertef tiie eonetitoeedee n *° *'ec*e"'e Houee'lnfavour of the bill, and, in the ab nenee of valid reason for making atten tion, it would be officloosneas of snMt viokmi character for the House to gta ** in matter. To do eo would be only to pa Wtiie. way for fctirm concessions, wbloh worth * w" uuH in making the Ootmcll the ghost of j Assembly. . | Mr. Vawknet and Mr. Miller spoke in snp pOftpfthet)Ul;and Mr. Campbell in oppod-, Tbe Bouse divided, when there appeared— Ocalmk.lt; pon-oontmts, 14. $bk foHmrips is the division-list:— Mr. Hsrvay Mr. Fmrtaiw Mr.Bev ~A$s3*tl ofosv -ntsgenk — Wlikta ■ - — MfJru — Murphy =»'• mi:'. " 