VALEDICTORY SERVICE TO THE REV. AMLLIAM TAYLOR. Vncv numerously attended tea and public meetings were held on Monday to take leave of the Rev. William Taylor on his departure from the colony. The tea meetings were held in the Masonic Hall, and in the school-rooms of the Weslevan Chapel, York-Btreet. The meeting which took place after the tea was held in the York-street Centenary Chapel, which was crowded to the doors. The following ministers and gentlemen occupied seats on the platform : the Revs. S. Rabone. B. Chamnan. 'W. Curnow. W. Kelvrmnlr. J. Oram, J. Bickford, E. SellorSjJ. N. Manning, J. H.TIet cher, G. Martin, C. Wiles, W. Fidler; the Hon. George AUen, M.L.C., Mr. J. CaldwelL M.L.A., Dr. Moffitt, Mr. Bowden, Mr. 'Weame. A hymn having been sung by the congregation, and prayer having been offered np by the Rev, J. Oram, the Rev. S. Rabone was called to the chair. The Chairman havingexpresEed his regret at the unavoidable absence of the Rev. James Watkin, the chair man of the Sydney district, who was to have presided, said : — They were all aware of the great and interesting object for which we were met to-night. All knew Mr. Taylor, and many of us, he was sure, would have cause to love him through time and throughout eternity. (Applause.) Mr. Taylor had been with us something more than twelve months. We had most of us listened from time to time to his ministrations of the Word of Life, and, he rejoiced to know, that not a few who were in darkness — who were far from God when Mr. Taylor arrived in this colony — were to-night numbered amongst those who called God Father by_ the Holy Ghost given unto them. (Applause.) For this we gave thanks and to God we gave the glory of all that had l-een accomplished. (Applause.) He would now call upon The Rev. Mr. BiCKrOKD, who read an address, of which the fallowing is a copy : — To tie Eev. William Taylor, Minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church in California. Kcyereitd and dear Brother, — VTc have heard with regret that the time is at liund when the ministers, office-bearers, and con gregations of the Wedeyan Methodist Church in New South Wales will be deprived of your untiring and successful labours. You nave been engaged witn us in the work of the Lord for a period of twelve months, during which we have had ample oppor tunities of observing your simplicity in Christ, and ardent zeal in the cause of our Divine Master. We glorify the grace of God in you. Mysterious are the ways of Providence. The financial diffi culties in which you were involved through the destruction fay fire of the Bethel Church and Bailors' Home in Sao Francisco, led your Conference to grant you leave of absence that you might visit other countries to raise funds for meeting those liabilities. TVe, with many others, have sympathised with your mission; and it is to us a source of unfeigned satisfaction that by the sale of tout hooks and the proceeds of your lectures you will he well nigh able to meet those obliga tions. But, dear brother, we recognise with much thankfulness the eminent success which has attended your labours in this colony as a preacher of the Gospel of Christ. Daring the period of your sojourn amongst us, you have visited nearly every circuit, and hundreds of souls have been awakened through your instrumentality. In thie success we see ttc hand of tho Lord which has been upon you for good. Need we 6ay tben that you will leave us possessing our confidence in you as a man of God, and our esteem as an ' able minister of the New Testament.' We commend you to the continued care of our Heavenly Father, and pray that it may please Him, in dne time, to restore you to the bosom of your family, and to the scene of your former labours. We remain, reverend and dear brother, youre in the bonds of the Gospel, Kigntd on behalf of the ministers and office-bearers. James Watkin, Chairman of the Sydney District. The address was beautifully written and embellished on vellum, and was enclosed in a very handsome moroceo portfolio. The portfolio, the workmanship of Mr. Conyber, the bookbinder, was elegantly embossed and gilded, and on the outside was the following inscription : — 'Valedictory AcdreES, presented to the Rev. Wul'am Taylor en his leaving Sydney, July 11th, 1865.' When the applause which followed the reading of the address had subsided, Mr. John Caldweix said he had been very unex pectedly called upon by the ladies connected with the York-street congregation and of Sydney, to present to the Bey. William Taylor a purse of gold as a manifestation of their affection for his dear wife. (Applause.) The ladies tad only finished their working of the purse a few minutes ago, end he was therefore, having had no notice, not pre pared to make a speech. He thought that this was a credit to the ladies who had interested themselves in this matter, and that they had only done their duty in thus showing their highest respect for Mrs. Taylor and her husband. He was aware that many fair daughters of Australia had received spiritual good from the ministra tions of -the Rev. Mr. Taylor, and it was but right and proper that they should show then- ssteem for Mre. Taylor, to whom tkey were greatly indebted, in that she had so unselfishly concurred in her husband's visit to Australia. (Applause.) He had also been requested by a lady who had been a Sabbath scholar in connection with the mother church of the Wesleyan denomination in Sydney (Prince street Chapel), to present to Mr. Taylor this token of her appreciation of hie services and successful labours for the welfare of the young people of New South Wales. (Applause.) The purse contained one hundred sovereigns ; and the second gift was a beautiful card basket, wrought in leather. The Bev. 'Wiliuh Taylor then rose, and, after the loud and prolonged applause of the audience had subsided, remarked : He had almost said that all this was a work of supererogation ; but he did not at all wish to convey an idea that be did not appreciate what they had done, though it was altogether out of the order of his plans and usual experiences. He had never encouraged a meeting of this sort, but his mode was to go right on, end have an appoint ment to preach or lecture every night in the week. They tried to get up a meeting of the kind in BaUarat a year and a half ago, hut he told them that he wouldhave no such demon stration. In Auckland, they had a little tea, but they got it all over before preaching at 7 o'clock. But as for this vast concern, it took him all aback ; he had not been con sulted «at all in the matter, and had had an appointment to preach to-night at the Glebe Road. Ho was, however, under very great obligations to his dear friends in' Sydney and the neighbouring circuits. He re cognised friends who were present from different parts of the colony; he loved them all, and gave them credit for doing es much as the most. He must say that everywhere throughout hiB travels is. this and the neighbouring colonies he had received the most unvarying kindness and sympathy from all the ministers with whom ne hod been acquainted. (Applause.) He had received the greatest possible attention and Christian love from all the families in which he had sojourned. He had had the pleasure of knowing that God's gracious Spirit had been manifested inall places to a greater or lees extent which it had been his orivileco to visit. (Applause.) He hod had the pleasure to know that everywhere in the order of Providence that the God who had Bent him had graciously accompanied him with His presence and Spirit. While he had not sought the praise of men— for his reputation, his all, was committed to the care of God more than twenty years ago— yet he had received sympathy, kindness, and liberality beyond what he ever could . have expected. Although it had been his almost invariable practice to decline oners of financial aid and gifts, yet he could not do so on this occasion because It was given on behalf of his wife. He did not know how much the puree contained ; but he knew she deserved it all, though it were full -and running over. (Applause.) Mr. Caldwell had well said that but for Mrs. Taylor, yon would never have seen Mr. Taylor. She had as great an anxiety in the work of God in which he was engaged, as far as her heart, sympathy, and self-denial was concerned, as he had. She never yet said . 'stay,' but always '.go' where duty .called. (Applause.) -On one occasion in New York city when, through the impru dence of .some parties in out-door preaching, amuniolpal prohibition was secured, and when, nevertheless, it became hUdBty, aebe believed, to preach to the masses regard less of the order of those high in authority; when it was believed that his life would be imperilled from tho mob, he consulted his wife whethor it vns best, undor tho circumstances, to eo, said she, 'Go, of course; and I will go with you.' (Applause.) In the early days of California, when tho gambling saloons were all open and crowded to overflowing on the Sabbath, and when it wag thought to be perilous to the death to sing them out of their dens end preach to them the Gospel, ho went and sang them out, and his wife always went along with him sad helped him. ( Applause. ) The reverend gentleman then narrated how that in compliance with a suggestion made by Mrs. Taylor he had determined upon visiting England, Europe, and Palestine, for peresnal improvement and ultimate usefulness. He also explained that, at the urgent solicitations of a colonist from Australia, whom he met in Canada, that he had been induced to ex tend his travels to these colonies (not for pleasure simply, but in the way of duty), and that his wife, overcoming her natural reluctance, had acquiesced in his design. He had been engaged, as they knew, for a little over two years, in Victoria, Tasmania, New South Wales, Queensland, and New Zealand ; and he expected to sail for South Australia to- morrow. His business was not to preach a new Gospel or to advance new theories ; and yot, as he believed, there were specific points embraced in his providential mis sion. Iiis aim wob to contribute as much as he could by his teaching and bis book, 'tho Model Preacher,' to restore to the Church the original Model for Gospe preaching — clear- ness, earnestness, literalnesp, naturalness, and appropriate ness. (Applause.) Of course, there was a great deal of earnestness and clearness in the pulpits of the different de nominations of Christians ; but, without designing it, through the learning of metaphysicians, the Gospel bad, he believed, to a great extent been transferred frem the literal world where the Great Teacher planted it, into a world of metaphysical abstractions, aud had become state mentary and dogmatical. No reflections, you understand. (Applaute.) There was no blame to the present genera tion, and perhaps not to tie ono preceding, as things had jutt gradually come to their present position. The people, however, hud a great deal to do with creating a demand, and the supply wsb adjusted to it ; so that both preachers and people needed to have their pure minds stirred up a little by way of remembrance. While we had clearnosB and earnestness, there was he feared, in the pulpits of all denominations a sad deficiency in naturalness in facts, tangible, literal forms of truth, such as we found abounding everywhere in the teachings of the Saviour and his Apostles, lie thought there was also a very sad practical neglect of the glorious privilege of all believers to be holy in their hearts under tho tuition and purifying power of the Spirit— a neglect of perfect loyalty to God, confidence in Gpd, and love for God. While acknowledging these doctrines as a theory, too many practically looked upon Christian perfection as ambiguous and dark— a mysterious something, which, if attainable at all, was only so by a few highly privileged individuals. Another special point that was prominent in all his efforts was the importance of bringing children to the Saviour. Having strongly insisted that children, if properly trained, might be preserved from the evils which would beset them in afterlife, and having en larged upon the benefits which might be expected to result to the Church and to the world, if the principles enunciated were believed in and acted upon, the speaker next Raid that it had been his great desire to guard revival efforts acainst abuse, and to secure the best possible results in the salvation of sinners, and the edification of believers according to the clearly revealed teachings of the Bible. The revivals of the eighteenth century had been characterised by great noise and physical excitement, and hence many who thought that nothing could be done without this came for the express purpose of 'getting shouting happy.' The rev. gentleman explained the method he had pur sued in regard to persons whose consciences were awakened in order to instruct their judgment, and make them consistent and steadfast Christians ; he also affirmed that, under judicious training, the vast majority of converts had added to their profession amendment and were progressing in truth and piety. He had likewise endeavoured to teach what he considered to be vitally important to the church and spiritually to them Belves, and that was the necessity of Christians giving at least one tenth of their net income to the service of God, besides freewill offerings to the measure of their ability. He should always cherish a grateful remembrance of his visit to these colonies — should always gladly hail any in telligence of their prosperity and progress, and should always cherish in his heart the spiritual interests of thoEC who had, directly or indirectly, through his instrumentality been brought to God. They were among the subjects of his daily prayers, and he should ever be rejoiced to hear of their fidelity to God, of their progress in the Divine life, and of then- usefulness in His vineyard. He anticipated the meeting again, not in this world he sup posed, but on Canaan's happy shore, where we should re wioui uic Biruirgje vi eann anu contemplate tne glories tuat ? lay before us through an endless eternity. As Christians 1 we were united not by imaginary but by real I ties — ties of spiritual fraternity the most 1 endearing, and certainly the most' enduring in I the world ; for when all temporary relationships 1 shall have passed away, this will abide throughout the end- I less years of God's eternity. He supposed that he felt the I pain of parting as much as any of them, but he had long I since learned that it was a very good thing to have friends, I though separated from them, and that geographical separa- I tion was not really a separation of spirit, of object, or of I aim. After all there was nothing so valuable as genuine 1 Christian sympathy; and much as he appreciated their I address, mnch as his wife might appreciate their offerings, I the value was not in the gifts themselves, but in the I human sympathy and Christian friendship which ttiey be- 1 tokened. After some other remarks, the rev. gentleman 1 concluded his speech by invokingthe blessing of God upon J lie friends in Sydney, Farramatta, Maitland, Newcastle, I Goullurn, Yass, Braidwood, Wollongong, Kiania, Shoal- 1 ia\en, Bathurst, Mudgee, Orange, Forbes, Ipswich, BriB- I bane, Maryborough, and Rockhampton. 1 A hynin was then sung, and the meeting was closed with I grayer offered by the Rev. S. Rabone. 1 