CELEBRATION AT BALDINSVILLE IN HIONOR. OF TIIE ATLANTIC CABLE. (F'om .zArtemus WIard .His Book.) ]3Arn8ILtsvESw, Injianny, Sop. the onct, 18&58.--I was summund homo from Cin minnaty quito suddin by a lottur from the Suporvizors of ]3aldinsvillo, sayin as how grato things was on tho Tappis in that air town in rofferunsoe to solloehratin the com ploshun of the Sub-hMorshino Tellergraph, & axlin me to ho pressunt. Lockin up my Kangeroo and wax wurks in a selcuro stilo, I took my dopartor for B3aldinsvillo-"my own, my nativ lan"-which I got intwo at early ]andlo litin on tho follorin nito & just as the sollorlrashun and illumornashun w?are commensin. Blaldinsvillo was trooly in a blaze of glory. Near can I forgit the surblimo spcckticul which mot my gase as I alitod from the Staigo with my umbrollor and vorliso. The Tarvorn was lit up with taIlor. handles all over & a grate bon fire was burnin in frunt thareof. A Transpirancy was tied onto the sine post with the follerin wurds-" Giv us i Liberty or Doth." Old Touipkinsis groseory was illumornated with 6 tin lantuns and the follorin Transpirancy was in the winder " Tle Sub-Morshino Tollergraph & the Bal dinsvillo and Stonofeold Planlk Roead-the 2 grate ovontz of the 19th conterry-may in testines strifo never mar their granjuro." Simplinsis shoo shop was all ablaso with handlos and ]antuns. A American Eagle was painted onto a flag in the winder-also these wurds, viz.: -" The Constitooshun must be Prosarvod." The Skool-house was litod up in grate stile, and the windors was filld with mottoes, amung which I notised the foillorin:-"Trooth smashed to orth shall rizo agin-you can't stop her." "The Boy stood on the Burnin Dock whenso awl but him had Fled." "Prokrastination is the theaf of Time." "Be virtoeous & you will be Happy." "Intemporunse has cawsod a heap of trubblo--shun the Bolo," and the follorin sontimunt written by the slkool-mastor, who graduated at Hudsoln Kolligo-" Baldinsvillo sends greotin to Her Magisty the Quooen, & hopes all hard foolins which has hoiotoforo provis bin felt between the Supervizors of Baldinsvillo and tihe British Parlimunt, if such there has bin, may now be forever wiped from our Escutchuns. Baldinsvillo this nite rejoisos over the gorlorious event which somentz 2 grate nashuns onto 1 anuthor by means of a olocktrio wire under the rorin billers of the Nasty Deeoop. Quosque tantrum, a b?utter, Caterlliy, p?atfent eostru, i" Squire Smith's houso was lited up roegardlis of oxpons. His little sun William Henry stood upon the roof firin orf crackers. The old Squire his self was dressed up in soljor close & stood on his door- stop, pintin his sword sollumly to a American flag which was suspondid on the top of a pole in frunt of his house. Frequiontly hIe wood take orf his cocked hat & wave it round in a impressive stile. His oldest darter Mis Isabollor Smith, who hals just cum home from the Porkinsvillo Female Instortoot, apoarod at the frunt winder in tihe West room as the goddis of liberty, & sung " I see thelm on their windin way." Bootous I, sod I to myself, you air a angil & nothin shorter. N. Bonsparto Smith, tihe Squiro's oldest sun, drest hissolf up as Venus the God of Wars and red the Dooleraslhun of Indorpendunso from the loft chambir winder. The Squiro's wife didn't jino in the festivorties. She sod it was the tarnulest nonsense she"over seed. Seoz she to the Squiro, "come into the house and go to bed you old fool, you. Tomorroer you'll be goin round half-ded with the rumertism & won't in us a minit's peace till you get well." Sez the Squire, "Betsy, you little appresiato the importunse of- the event which I this nite commomemorate." Sez she, "commemo rate a cat's tail; cum into the house this instant, you pesky old oritter." "Betsy," soz the Squire, wavin his sword, "retire." This made her just as mad as she could stick. She retired, but cum out agin putty quick with a panfull of Bilin hot water which she throwed all over the Squire, & Surs, you wood have split your sides larfin to see the old man iump up and holler & run into thoe house. Except this unpropishus circumstance all wont as merry as a carriage bell, as Lord Byrun sez. Doctor Hutchinsis ofilss was likewise lited up, and a Trans piranecy on which was painted the Queeoon in the act of drinkin sum of Hutchinsis invigo rator, was stuck in one of the winders. The Baldinsville Bugle of Liberty noospaper ofiess was also illumernated, and tihe follerin mottoes stuck out:-" The Press is tlhe Arlkermjian loeavor which moves the world." "Vote Early." "Bucldo on your Armor." "Now is the time to Subscribe." "Frank lin, Morse, & Field." "Terms, 150 dole. a year-liberal reducshuns to clubs." In short the villigo of Baldinsville was in a perfect fewroar. I never seed so many poplo thar befour in my born days. Ilo not attemp to describo the seens of that grate nite. Wurds wood fals me of I shood try to do it. I shall stop hero a few periods & enjoy my "oatem cum dig tlhe taters," as our skool-mastor obsarves, in the buzzum of my famorly, & shall then resume the show bizniss, which Ivo bin into twenty-two (22) yeres & six (6) months. The deathlof Sir Josephl Paxton, M.P. for Coventry, occurred on June 8, at his resi dence, Rock-hills, Sydonham. Sir Joseph had been in delicate health for some weeks past. The hen. member was the son of a Bedfordshiro yeoman, was born at a village near WVoburn, and was educated at the free school of that town. He was a landscape gardener and garden architect, and had the good fortune early in life to attract the * Groggory, or bar for the sale of liquors. attention of the late Duke of Dovonshiro, who ultimately proved his groat patron and benefnctor. The magnificent conservatory at Chatsworth and unrivalled gardens are monuments of his tasto and skill, Ho was the successful designer of theo building erected in Hyde-park for the Great Exhibi tion of 1851. In acknmowledgmont of his servicos in connection with that stupendous undortaking heo was made a Knight Bachelor by her Majesty. Sir Joseph was also the architect of the Crystal Palace at Sydonham, and one of the most active directors of the company. iHo was for some years the editor of the Horticultural Reogister, and of the Botanical Magazino, the Cottagers' Calondar, anid of the Botanical Dictionary. IHo was first olected M.P. for Coventry in 1854\. The late Sir Joseph Paxton was in his 63rd year. Tihe annual meeting of the Society for tlhe Propagation of the Gospel in Foroign Parts Ihas boon hold in the Egyptian-hall, Man sion-houso; the Lord Mayor in the chair. Amongst those present woro the Bishop of London, Lord Nelson, the Right IHon. W. napior, the Bishops of Rochester, Ripon, Brisbane, the Dean of Perth, Sir John Anson, and Sir R. Phillimoro. The pro ceedings having boon opened with prayer, the secretary road tlhe report, which stated that the receipts for the year amounted to £102,997 18s. 6d., showing, as compared withll the previous year, an increase of £5616 14s. 10d., which might be ascribed partly to the increased prosperity of the country, but chliefly to the cordial reception given in many quarters to the appeal of the four archbishops. The society's missionary list now includes 501 clergymen maintained wholly or in part, and a large body of catochlists, schoolmasters, and divinity students. In consequence of the increasing labours of the society's missionaries abroad the funds were drawn upon to a verjr con siderablo extent. In British North America an expenditure of nearly £26,000 was incurred, by which thile incomes of 229 clergy men woro raised to an amount suflicient for their support, in places wheore the ministerial duties were increased by the arrival of 18,083 emigrants. In thlo West Indies and in Africa there was progress and advance mont. In India and the East, by an oxpen dituro of nearly £40,000, a Christian educa tion had been provided for 7507 scholars in B3ongal and South India, and 587 clergymen and lay teachers had beeoon maintained at chosen spots, whore they had hold up the torch of Christian teaching and Christian lifo amid the dark idolatry of 200,000,000 of heathons, of whom 1700 had boon baptised this year; and in Australia £4500 had beeoon spent to support 71 clergymen, and to oex tend their ministrations. The proceedings concluded with a hearty vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor for his kindness in presiding on the occasion. Most people think the selection of matter for a newspaper is the easiest part of the business. How great an error! It is by all means the most difficult. To look over and over hundreds of exchange papers overy day, from which to select enough for one, especially when it is not what shall, but what shall not be selected. If every person who reads a paper could have edited it, we should hear less complaints. Not un frequently it is the case, that an editor loolks all over his exchange papers for somothing interesting, and can absolutely find nothing. Every paper is drier than a contribution box, and yet something is to be had. His paper must come out with something in it, and he does the best he can. To an editor who has the least care about what he selects, the writing he has to do is the easiest part of his labour. Every subscriber takes the paper for his own benefit: and if there is nothing in it that suits him, it must be stopped; it is good for nothing. Just as many subscribers as an editor may have, so many tastes he has to consult. One wants something sound. One wants anecdotes, fun and frolic; and the next door neighbour wonders that a man of good sense will put such stuff in a paper. Something spicy comes out and the editor is a blackguard. Next comes something argumentative, and the editor is a dull fool. And so, between them all, you see, the poor fellow gets roughly handled. They never think that what does not please them pleases the next man, but they insist if the paper does not please them, it is good for nothing.-Wash ington Globe. French papers state that an eccentric native sportsman, on hearing of Gladiateur's third victory, offered 200 napoleons for sufficient hair of hIis mane or tail to make a ring. The conservatives, says a contemporary writer of political gossip, mean to make a desperate effort to gain a majority in the next Parliament. Every city, borough, and county, wherever conservatism has the ghost of a chance, is to be contested. The time is come, they feel, when they must win the prize of office or give up all hope of it for years to come, and no labour nor money. will be sparedtogain their object. But itis confidently asserted by the government election agents tlhat the next Parliament will be very much like this, and if ally change take place it will be in favour of the government. It is not improbable, how over, that conservatism will gain somewhat. The conservative agents are more active than thlose of the government, and more expori enced. Moreover, it is observable that in few cases do conservatives fightconservatives; whereas, for three liberal candidates to try for two seats is a very common occurrence. But compact as the conservatives seem to be, they are not really so. An opposition has but one object---to defeat the government and always seems to be united, and is united, to gain that object; but, that object gained, it not unfrequently happens that tle party becomes disorganised. The conserva tive party very soon allowed signs of splitting in 1858. Tihe government was pledged to bring forward a reform bill. Itproposed a reform bill, and at once two of its most important members, Mr. Walpolo and Mr. Hoenloey, seceded, and toolk their places below the gangway. The country cannot be governed upon strictly conservative principles. The conservative party cannot govern it upon liberal principles. The word conserva tive is a very expansive word; it can be made to cover widely different principles. Lord Stanley calls himself a conservative, and so does IMr. George Bentinck and Lord Rlobert Cecil. But, really, Lord Stanley and those two gentlemen are wide as the polos asunder. A CUIous CnHAcn.CTR. -- Towards the close of the last century, there lived in Kid derminster an eccentric person by the name of Job Orton, the landlord of the Bell Inn. During his lifetime he 'oieeted his tomb* in tihe parish churchyard, with this m ?ooeteo nors inscription graven in lergo characters on the upper slab : Job Orton, a man from Leicestershiro; And twhen he's dead he must lio under here. This inscription remains unaltered to this day, and may be seeoon on the right hand of tlhe broad walk on the north side of the spacious church-yard. His coffin was con structed .at the same time; and, until it should be required for other and personal purposes, was used as a wine-bin. But, to carry his eccentricity oven to the grave, he loft strict orders that he should be buried in an erect posture i and tradition says his re quest was complied with. His reason for his erect posture in the tomb was, that at the last day he might be able to rise from his grave before hIis wife, lwho was buried in tlhe usual horizontal manner! As a further illustration of the chlaracters of this singular couple, tlhe following anecdote is told. Esthor Orton having frequently declared that she should never die hlappy until shloe rolled in riches, Job, like a good husband, determined to secure his wife's happiness. Having sold some land for a thousand pounds, he insisted that tlhe money should be paid wholly in guineas. Taling these hlome in a bag, he loceled hlis wife up in a room'; knoolkeod her down, opened his bag of guineas, and raining the golden wealth upon her, rolled her over and over in the coin. "And now, Esther," said Job Orton, ." thee may'st die as soon as thee pleases, for thee'st load thy wish, and rolledin riches." \--Notes and Quories. MlYsTERIoUs OccOnRENcE NEAR DERBY. On Saturday an inquest was held at Maken hlay, near Derby, on the body of Henry Braithwaito, who had booeen found dead in a field near at hand on the morning previous; death being the result of a gun-shot wound, which had penetrated the heart and both lungs. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased, who had recently purchased a gun, had been in the habit of going out shooting with it, and on the night of Thurs day last, he, with several other young men, went together to a public-house, where they spent the evening in dancing and drinking until about half-past eleven, when they left in company with some women. About half-past twelve his mother, who had gone to bed and left open the kitchen door for lier son, hoard footsteps, and some one, whom she believed to be her son going to bed, entered tho house and went up stairs. She did not hear any more, but the next morning she found that he had not been in bed. On the previous night two guns were in a workship attached to the house where the deceased lived, one of which was his own, and tihe other belonged to two of lois companions. On Friday morning both thleso guns wore missing. During the night a watchman heard the report of three sepa rate shots being fired in rapid succession, which he thought to be a very unusual occurrence, and on the following morning a boy, named William Smith, saw the body of the deceased lying in a turnip field. A considerable quantity of blood was traced in patches not far from the body, and a broken gun lay some short distance off, the barrel and lock being separated from the stock. This was identified as being the joint pro perty of two of the deceased's compamnions, but the gun belonging to the deceased was not found. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased was found dead from a gun-shot wound, but by whom inflicted there was no evidence to show. TmE LUXUnY OF LITIOATION.-At the Proston sheriff's court a case was heard which had been before the Court of Queen's Bench, and referred to the local sheriff's court for settlement. Messrs. Lang and Co., indiarubber manufacturers, Slinner street, London, were the plaintiffs, and Mr. Julius Harris, proprietor of a fancy ware house, Lime-street, Liverpool, was the de fondanlt. The action was brought to recover the sum of £4 6s. Gd., and the defendant's plea was that the money had been tendered and refused, the fact being that a post-offico order for the amount had been tendered and objected to, but whether refused on the ground of its not being of sufficient amount or because of its being a post-office order was the question in disputo.e-The sheriff decided that the objection had been made to the Amount and not to the order, which was therefore a legal tender.-The jury accord ingly found for the defendant with costs. It is understood that the action will be taken to a higher court. The amount in dispute in the first instance was only 6d., and it is said that the proceedings so.far have cost £40. The will of Captain J. M. Speke, a dis tinguished explorer of the Nile, an officer in her Majesty's Indian Army, Bengal Native Infantry, has been proved in the London Court. The personalty was sworn under £5000. The executors appointed are his brothers, the Rev. Benjamin Speke, Rector of Dowlish Wake and West Dowlish, Somerset (who alone is acting), and William Speke, who renounced the grant. This gallant and meritorious officer died in Sep tember last, at Box, Wiltshire, having made his will, on a printed form, dated April, 1860, which was attested by Captain J. A. Grant, of the Indian Army, and Lieutenant E. O. Hosford, 46th Bengal Native Infantry. The testator has bequeathed the whole of his property, of every description, to his said brother, the Rev. Benjamin Speke, for his own absolute use. Mr. R. Proctor, of St. John's College, Cambridge, who has just published an elaborate book on the planet Satdrn, believes Saturn's rings to be not continuous bodies, either solid or fluid, but a multitude of loose planets, grouped lilkeo a bead neclklace round his equatorial regions, just as if he wore furnished, not with one moon, but as many moons as would span the whole earth. A grand exploration of the Holy Land by a body of archroologists and scientific savans, "with perfect command of funds and time, and with all possible appliances and facilities," has just beeoon proposed. The olbject is to settle all the geographical uncer tainties which have hitherto perplexed the biblical student, and to "'produce a report on Palestine which may be accepted by all parties as a trustworthy and thoroughly satisfictory document." The will of Vice-Admiral Fitz Roy, R.N., F.R.S., was proved in the London Court, on June 9, by his relict. The personalty was sworn under £8000. The willis dated 1854; he was then a captain R.N., having entered the navy 1818, became captain 1834, rear admiral 1856, vice-admiral 1863. He had been M.P. for Durham, 1841-3; was' Governor of New Zealand, 1848-6; and lat terly, upto the time of his death; wmhich oc curred April 30, at the ago of sixty, was chief of the meteorological department of the Board of Trade. SINGULan LIBEL CAsE.-At the central criminal court, Frederick Jacob Pillott was tried for soaking to extort money by threats from Rachel Chappuis. (The hearing of this case before the magistrate has already been in our issue.) The prisoner and Mr. Chappuis had boon on terms of intimacy, but quarrelled, Mr. Chappius having obtained a verdict against Pillott in one of the civil courts, The defendant then wrote letters to Mrs. Chappuis demanding the amount of the sum mentioned in the verdict from her, threatening her with exposures of an imaginary cllaracter. He was found guilty, and having also pleaded guilty to a charge of libel arising out of the same case was sentenced to eighteen months' imprison ment. The Post observes: -"A paragraph has recently appeared in a contemporary announcing Lord Palmorston's approaching retirement from public life. This statement, which in some quarters may have found credence, is totally devoid of foundation, and we trust that the day is far distant when such an announcement will be necessary." Economy is the parent of integrity, of liberty, and of ease, and thle sister of temper ance, of cheerfulness, and of health; and profuseness is a cruel and crafty demon, that generally involves her followers in depend ence and debts-that is, fetters them with irons into their souls. PLEASURE SEEREcsS.- We smile at the ignorance of the savage who cuts down the tree in order to reach the fruit; but the fact is that a blunder of this description is made by every person who is over-eager and im patient in the pursuit of pleasure. To such the present moment is as everything, and the future as nothing; he borrows, therefore, from thle future at a most usurious and ruinous interest, and the consequence is that he finds the tone of his best feelings im pared, his self-respect diminished, his health of mind and body destroyed, and life reduced to its very dregs, at a time when, humanly speaking, the greater portion of its comforts should be still before him. AN INFERNAL MAdCcINE FOE TnE IRON oLAns.-The Messenger du Midi publishes the following letter from Toulon, dated the 11th instant, describing a new and very destructive infernal machine :-The mari time powers, who spend fabulous sums in order to discover a system of iron-plating for rendering vessels invulnerable, seekl at the same time the means of destroying them as quickly as possible. It is with the latter object that a decisive experiment was made here this morning of an electrical machine invented by the maritime prefect, a vice admiral. The result exceeded all expecta tion; and henceforth, thanks to the new infernal machine, we shall be able to dis pense with all dykes, batteries, and other odd expedients hitherto employed for the defence of the ports and roads of the empire. If over an enemy's squadron ventures to come before a French port it will be easily pul verised before having time to fire a single cannon-shot. This was demonstrated to-day by the fact that an old ship, twenty-five yards long by ten broad, was raised from the water, shattered to fragments, and sunk in less than a second, at a simple signal from the inventor. The destructive effects of this machine are so terrible that it was allowed there was no iron-clad vessel solid enough to resist such a shook. WVhat is very remark able in this new engine of war is, that it is not necessary for the enemy's vessel to strike it in order to produce the explosion, as with the lRussian and American submarine tor pedoes. The French system is surer, and, above all, more expeditious. The electric spark reaches the enemy's vessel, and destroys it with the rapidity of lightning. WVoMaan's VoIoE.-" The voice of woman, gentlemen," said a romantic individual, in a late argument at the club-rooms,-"the voice of woman, no matter how much some of you may be inclined to sneer at the senti ment, exercises a soothing, an inspiring, a hallowing influence upon the ear of man; comforts him in affliction, encourages him in dismay, and banishes from his mind all those troubles which,' when she is absent, conspire to sink him into the depths of dlespondency."-" Tom! you rascal" ex claimed his wife, at this instant bursting into the room, "come home, you loitering scamp, and leave these worthless fellows to themselves. Oh! when I get you at home, won't you catch it? Well, I guess you will?" Here Tom left the room abruptly, with his enraged spouse, evidently satisfied of the inspiring influence of woman. THE TEST OF A Goon Youna ]MAn. This test takes pretty nearly the same circles as the undermentioned. However, -instead of the street-door look at his watch. If the key-hole, where it is wound up, is bright, and without the slightest marginal note; if there are no scratches, running in a giddy maze round it, such as betray decided marks of fumbling, you may look upon it as the shining mirror of a good young man, whose hand, when he goes to bed, is as steady as his conduct has been during the day. PREDIOTIONS.- H0 who has a high fore head will have his eyes under it, and live all the days of his life. He who has a long nose will have the more to blow, and the better to handle. He that is bald will be likely to have no hair; but if he happens to have any, it will not be on the bald place. 0oEOTIOx TO A BIsHOPnRIo.-The Rev. Dr. Bull, Canon of Christ Church, Oxford, being asked if he would like to have the bishopric of that see, replied that he had but one objection to it, which was, that instead of signing his name, as at present, John Bull, he should be obliged to sign John Oxon. Pasquin. FORENSIC ELOQUENCE IN AMERIGA.-The following burst of eloquence was delivered before a court of justice in Pennsylvania. "Your honor sits high on the adorable seat of justice, like the Asiatic rock of Gibraltar, while the eternal streams of justice, like the cadaverous clouds of the valley, flow mean dering at your feet." AonnREmte on Oce,.-"I have often wished, my dear, to obtain admission into the interior of the gaol," remarked a lady to her husband, as they were promenading in the vicinity of Darlinghurst. "Believe me, I most cordially subscribe to your wish in that particular, love," was the affectionate response. An American clergyman, in one of his sermons, exclaimed ,tb his hearers "' Eternity! why, you don't know the mean ing of that word, nor I either, hardly. It is for ever and ever, and five or ai- navAvrlnir". a-top of that. You might place a row of figares from here to sunset, and cipher them all up, and it wouldl'nt begin to tell how many ages long eternity is.-Why, my friends, after millions and trillions of years had rolled away into eternity, it would be a hundred thousand years to breakfast time." "Am I not a little pale ?" inquired a lady, who was rather short and corpulent, of a crusty old bachelor. "You look more likeo a big tub," was the blunt rejoinder. A FAI BAnnARIAAN.-Tho recent triumphs of modern mechanical art-of mind over matter-have thrown ancient ingenuity even of the highest order sadly into the shade. Let us take one instance. "In Egypt I saw Cleopatra's Needle," a young lady returning from her school in England to her home in India, wroto lately to her friends, " but I thought very little of it, I assure you after having seen the sewing-machine in London." Ax Onrosrcc(nED WrTNESS.-The witness in the examination described below seems to have been labouring under a slight misap prehension as to the meaning of his interlo cutor :-" Did the defendant knock the plaintiff down with malice prepense?" "No, sir-he knocked him down with a flat-iron." " You understand me, my friend-I want to know whether he attacked him with an evil intent ?" " Oh, no, sir it was outside the tent." ' No, no-I wish you to tell me whether the attack was at all a preconcerted affair ?" "No, sir. It was not a free concert affair, it was in a CircUs." Who speaks Latin without knowing it? The vender of shell-fish when he cries out Olam-o. Pugilists begin their battle from a paradox; for they stand up, and fall to. I wear the bays (baize)-as the fellow said when he put on his new green jacket. I've made an impression-as the stamp said to the sealing- wax. I am a little over, to-day-as the'Missis sippi river said to the banks. Turning done here-as the loafer said vyen he vas at vork on the tread-mill. 