. THE LITERA.TUHE OP TIIE MONTH. (PROM OUR OWN CUtl RESPOND EXT. I Concluded fro. n Wednesday's Herald.) .London, March. The Inst nrticle In tho " North British Review " is evidently by the same hand that wrote fo genially nbout Tkackcrny. "John Leech " is the suiiiect now. Alter ooine intro- ductory remnrks on (liephyeioioiryand pliilosophy ef laughter, nnd English nrt humourists, the genius and sltill of Le-ch ere referred to nt Iongtli. His nccnracy of eye, hU modesty ns n man and as nn nrtist, his sense of beauty, his care of workmnnsliip, his purity nre noted. A long critique of his " Sketches in Oil," written by Tlinekerny, is quoted, nnd humourous illus trations from " Punch " nre given. It la difficult to mnkc nn extract, but tho lovers of Leech will be glad to rend tho foIlowlDg.:— "What we owe tohira of wholesome, hearty mirth and pleasure, and uf something better, good as they are, than either — puiity, affection, pluck, humour, kindliness, good humour, good feeling, gtoii breeding, tho Jove of nature, of one another, of truth — tho Joys of children, tho lovelinera of our homely English fields, with their sunsets nnd village spires, their glimpses into the pure inffnlto beyond — the sen and nil Its fulness, its waves " curling their monstrous heads and haugiug them," their crisping smiles on the sunlit sands— nil Hint variety of nature End of mnn which is. only Jess infinite than its Maker ; something of this, nnd of that mystcriouB quality colled humour, that fragrance nnd flavour of the soul, which God lias given us to cheer cur lot, to help us to take heart and hope, and steer right onward," to have our joke, that lets U3 laugh at and make gntno of ourselves when we have little else to lnugh at or play with — of that which gives us when we will the silver lining of the cloud, and paints a rainbow on the darkened sky out of our own " troublous tears ;" some- tiling of oil those hns tliis great and simple- hearted, hardworking artist given to us and to our children, ns a joy nnd a possession for over. Let us be grateful to him, let us give him our best honour, affection, nnd regard;" One Dote is) nlso deserving of record. "It is worth mentioning, ns it shows his true literary turn . as a humourist, and adds greatly to the com pleteness of his drawiuga nnd of his genius, that all the funny, witty, and often most ftli- citiaus titles and wordings of all sorts were written by himself; he was most particular about this." . ' From a good paper on "Epigrams" we mny take the following : — " Treason doth never prosper, what's the reason? For II it prosper, none doth callit treason." . . HiKIUSQTOX. . ' On parent's knees a naked new-born child, lVeeping thou tat'sr, while all around thee smiled ; So live, that sinking in thy last long sleep, Calm then may&'t emile, while alt around thee weep." Sir IT. Jones. ' Jack eating rotten cheese did say, ' Like Samson, I my thousands slay.' Trow.' quoth Roger, ' so you do, And with the sclt-sume weapon too.' " — Axon. The paper cn " Tbe Rise nnd Progress of the Scottish Tourists " is a Tcsume of the literature cm Scottish scenery — including the poetry and the luticracles. Beginning with Tacitus, we have references to tlie Irish monks, Cromwell . and his troopers, Daniel De Foe, Dr. Johnson, and o titers. Then Aires, Gillies, Sliakspcare, Smollett, Adamson, etc., r.re hid under contri bution. The writer next discourses on tho influence of Rivers in awakening reverential feeling, and remnrks that " there is scarcely a river of any noto in Scotland that cannot boast ' some considerable poetic tribute.'' Towards tho end of the last century, Highland scenery ob-l toincd a considerable rise in tlie market through the combined influence of four great Boclal powcre, nil woiks separately nnd independently of each other, hut all helping in .no cause. | These were Pennant, tho traveller, Jane Duchess of Gordon, Robert Burns, and James M'Phorson. "Of oil those who have heard of Scott's ' Lady of the' Lake,' only a few have heard of" the little hook) called ' Sketches De- iscriptive of Picturesque Scenery on tho Southern confines of Perthshire,' published in 1808, by Patrick Graham, minister of Abcrfuyle. Though it was Scott who made 'the Trossechs illustrious, Graham was tiicirdiscoversr." Apoperon "Spain" is very hopefully written. After sketching the events of the present reign, the existing Government nnd state of affaire is rc- viewed. By the constitution now in forco, that of 18-15, the Sovereign can do no wrong, and Ministerial responsibility is fully recognised. The Government is carried on by nine Ministers, the President of the Council, the Ministers of Grace and Justice, of the Interior, of Public . "Welfare, of Finance, ofWnr, of Marine, of the Colonics, of Foreign. Afiiu're The whole mainland is divided for administrative ' purposes into 47 provinces, over each of which is ' a civil Governor, assisted by councillors. 'Local administration is carried' oh by Alcaides, also helped by councils. In the very smallest places there- is a still . humbler administrator, wliois called the Alcalde pedaneo. ... . All these \- Alcaldes, great and small, must do as tbe Minister of tbe law commands. . . . .The population is steadily increasing ; the use of meat is becoming, more common; the number of .. V.«attla and other domestic animals rapidly multi plying. Railway communication lias rapidly developed. . . '. Coasting and foreign vessels ... are on tlie' increase. . . . Turn where we will we see what marvellous changes ah increase of science would work in this splendid country. There are rivers of wine, bht it is rarely fit to drink ; there nre lakes of oil, but it is equally abominable; there nre ncres of peaches, hut the fruit is a sort of turnip ; tlicro is no want of in dustry. Tlie Spaniard works hard with his hands, ns those of our engineers who have superintended railways in Spain are ready to testify. Sobriety is a common virtue. Intelli gence is not wanting, npd elementary education is not so very backward. It is intelligent direc tion that is wanted, central direction, if, nothing better can he got, independent local direction where that is possible." A searching paper on "Teste in the English University;" others' on "Topography of the chain of Mount Blanc;" "Essays in Criticism" (pointing out that "criticism will find plenty of occupation in Scotland); nnd "The Holy Roman Empire," ' . make up a capital number. ' ' Mncmillan gives us some more "Bxtraete from Lady Duft'-Gordon's Letters from Egypt." . Hero Is a description of her visit to the tomb of the high-born Abul-Hajja : — Yesterday I rode over to Karuac ; glorioua hot sun and delicious air. Mustafa joincd rae, and pressed me to visit the eheykh's tomb for the benefit of " my health, as he and SheykU Yuesufwishoil to say a fathah. for me ; but I must not drink wine at dinner; I made u . little difficulty on tbe score of difference of' religion, but Siieykh Yussuf, who came' up,' said be presumed I wbishipped God and not stones, and that sincere prayers ,, Were good anywhere. Clearly tho bigotry : would have been on my side if I bod refused ' any longer. So in the eveping I want with Mustafa. It was n very curious sight : the little dome illuminated with as much oil as tlie mosque could afford, and beneath It the. tombs of Abulr- Hajjaj nnd his three sons ; ,n magnificent old , man, like , Father Abraham himself, dressed in .. white, sat on a carpet at the foot of the tomb ; he was tho head of the family of Abul-Hnjjnj. He made me sit by him, and was extremely polite. Then came tho naxlr (magistrate), the cadi, a Turk traveller on Government business, and a few oilier gentlemen, who all eat down round; .us, after kissing the hand of the old . . sheyltli. Every one talked ; in fact, it was a soiree, for tlie entertainment of the dend sheykli. ' A party of men sat at tlie further end of tho place, with their faces to tlie kibleli, and played on a taraboukeh (sort of small drum stretched on earthenware, which gives a peculiar sound), : a tambourine without bells, and little tinkling cymbals, fitting on thumb nnd finger (crotaies) and chanted songs in honour of Mo hammed, and verses from the Psalms of David. Every now and then ono of our party, left off talking and prayed a little, or counted . bis heads. Tho old ekcykh, sent for coffee, and gave me the first cup — a wonderful, concession; at l ist tho Nnzir proposed a Fatlmli for mc, which tho whole group around me repented aloud, and then each said to ine, 'Our Loid God bless thee, and give tlicc health aud pence, to tliee nnd thy Oinily, and take thee back to thy master and thy children,' everyone adding ' Ameen,' nnd giving the salaam with t lie hand. I returned it, and s..id, "Our Lord reward thee aud all tho people (or kindnrss to strangers,' which was considered n very proper answer. Aftor that wo went away, nnd tlie worthy Nnzir walked home with mc. In Cairo, or Lower Egypt, it would be quite impossible for n Chris tian to enter n slieykli's tonili at ail — above nil at ids birthday festival, and on tlie night o! Fri day." " The Rash Vow," by T. II. Lcwin, is n fine solilcquy in blank verse of a monk during the first night of Ids living entombment. " The Shadow of Death," by Miss Cohbc, represents the last of the Druids ns visited in his cave by seven supplinuts. They nre a queen, a knight, a rich and generous brother, a bard, a sage seek ing and imparling knowledge, a maiden minis tering to the weak and ignorant, and mother — all .lamenting unrequited love, and asking, " What must I do to awoken his love ?" After the appearance of an illustrative vision, " tho Dtuld turned mournfully to tlie suppliants and said, ' Only this solace iinve I for your aoldng hearts : Sleeping Love will waken when over him fails the Shadow of Death.' " There ia an admirable little essay on " True Perspective In Art and Life," the gist of which may be gathered frcm tlie remark, "There ore some people unfortunately so constituted that it is almost impossible for them to take a true view of things or persons. " Goldwin Smith examines " The Proposed Constitution for British North Americn," and is not disposed to nccept it without explanation and un birc, unve.itig.vlcs the mean ing of terms, and gives warning that what haB become indigenous in the mother country mny not bear transplanting. Dr. Hamilton tells about " The Early Years of Erasmus aud the author of " Doctor Antonio " about " Sau- renio." "The Hillyars and the Burtous," and " Son of the Soil," still continue. Frdser reproduces the " Speech of the Dean of St. Paul's," as It was delivered befirc the Clerical Subscription Commission on the 22nd April, 1854, arguing thatsubseriplion is ineffective and at the same time galling and demoralising to the subscribers. " Virgiuia, First and Last," is the title of an admirable and temperate paper written by cue who .sympathises .with the Vir ginians iu their present conflict, and anticipate; for tliem yet nn honourable career. Beginning with the poetic story of Czpt. John. Smith and the Indian Princess Pocahontas, he traces the history of tlie State, and recals many plesssnt associations with different localities, — ehidfly referring to East Virginia. Old Governor Spootswood— after whom the country was named Spottsylvauia — is said to have tried to establish in the neighbourhood of Fredericktburg a satiety on the pattern of Sir Thomas Mora's Utopia. Tradition assigns n beautiful island in the Rappahannock, two miles above Fredericksburg, on which ore some old ruins, hut which is now uninhabited, as the lucidity selected -for Utopia. Much of this region was settled by Scotch familits, whose descendants have always been tho most prominent persons in tlie neigh bourhood. Dnugl«s3 Gordon, of Fredericksburg, is perhaps the wealthiest mnn in .Virginio ; it is said that, foreseeing tile present war, lie mnnnged to bring his inoocy to England, but returned, nnd is now devoting his energies to the Confederacy. Amongst these early Scotch settlers were the brothers Campbell, one of whom was the father of the poet.- It would seem that Thomas came near heing a Virginian. Hisfather retired from business, and 'returned to Glasgow about the time of Ids birth. There is a tradition iu Virginia that tho poet once- visited that State, nnd that it was in full view of the fine scenery of tlieRapp ilmnnock that ho wrote " Lord Ullin's Daughter." But it is probable that, if tho poet Had ever gone -to America, lie would havo taken a- peep at the Valley of Wyoming, in Pennsylvania; A friend of the writer related that he once visited Camp bell, who asked him if lie had ever seeir Wyom ing. On being told that he had, the poet asked if the description in " Gertrude " wa9 anything like the place. My friend told the truth as gently as lie could, hut there was no resemblance' at aii, upon which poor Campbell wept from mor tification." Here is the writer's view of the caused war: — " The Anti- federal and State- sovereignty party was by no means a specially pro-slavery party. It is only in modern times that it seized, upon the rapid growth of anti- slavery opinion in the North as a means of alarming the South, in order to secure its own darling project — a dissolution of tho Federal Union. It line been frequently asserted; and It is to be found in some of Mr. Seward's dis patches, that the real wish of the Secessionists was not to destroy : the Union, but to rule it. This is true of most of- the Gulf States. King Cotton would no doubt have been satisfied with perpetual rule over tho Union. But the power behind his throne, represented by the Carolinians and the Virginians, was that of men determined to dissolve the Union at any risk to slavery. They were by far tlie most earnest and cultivated mcu in the South.- For tbe end of regaining that sovereignty of their states which their fatliere had voted away, tliey did not hesitate to incite the North to a more hostile atlitude towards slavery." A short contribution from- Mr. J. A. Froude, the historian, allows " How Ireland was governed in the IGfh cen tury." He hns come across some papers in the Record Office,' unquestionably authentic, which prove that tlie representatives nnd servants of " Good Queen Bess " rather liked n little human slaughter, and slew, without sufficient reason, men, women, nnd children. A paper on " The Law of Honour," gives ike history of duelling, and reasons for its practice. The writer thinks a return to it preferable to the dishonorable and disgraceful lunguago aud practices of the mess room. Miss Cobbe contributes n second paper on " The Hierarchy of Art." " Gilbert Rugge,". and "The Amulet," nte continued. Other papers are on " Merivale's Sermons ou (he Con version of tlie Roman Empire'.' — (the Boyle Lecture) — : Working Men's Clubs and; Insti tutes," aud " Law Reporting." Blaclacood contains " second parts" of" The Right I-Ion. .W. Gladstone, M.P.," " Etonians, " and "Miss Marjoribanks." This young lody gains more victories, but meets with one rebuff, displays her self- coneeit, and never for gers to tell her now friends that her " grand object in life is to be a comfort to papa.' In an nrticle on " William Blake'' .thero la the following passage: — " We are all periodical— we are all but portions of tbe same mighty stream. This ephemeral nature of our literature is not due to want of talent, hut is tbe very opposite cause, to the redundancy of talent. One novel obliterates another, not because the first was unworthy to live, but because the second is as wortbyms the first. To the second comes a third equally worthy. The public, litindrcd-hnnded as it is, cannot hold them all,- and as the newest Is the most attractive, it'must, of force, drop the old ones. while it stretches for ward to tlie new. Can you expect tlie charm of style to preserve a book 1 The English language could not be better written than it often is for a composition confessedly intended to last, for a single day. It is true, however, that a great audience is to be spoken to in that single day. A limes newspaper in its short life, has hud more readers than Milton's poem gained through half a century. It holds the position of tho orator rather than of the writer. Wo all in a measure rather speak than write. Tho very 'advance of our knowledge tends to abridge the life of our host book9. Science can hardly be said to have any literature ; it lias only n record of its progress. The ablest text-book is super seded in a few years. Our books of science, like our law hooks, ate worth notliiDg if they are not of the last edition. And, of late years, history has been much in the sama predicament as science. So many new sources of information have been opened, and so many new points of view revealed to intelligent criticism, that our must advanced liistorluns ratiier give us contrihulions to tho history of some period than attempt the final record of that period." A reviewer of " i-ir E. jlulwcr Lyttou's Rooms," of which a new edition has just been published, give.-, them qualified prui<c — they nre" delightful, ' hut "grave and sombre." " Guy Neville's Ghost" is a capital tale; and " Piccadilly : nn Episode of Contemporaneous Autobiography," part 1, is first rate. Tho enly other piece is " The Tult-Ihinter. "A word for irn ill-used clnss."— O'Down. flicy say I'm a tuft-hunter ; but I say the tutt hunts mo, And iu tho mutual league we've made, I'm needed more than lie. He finds the wine, I find tho wit : we boUi are well requited ; But ask, if his good tilings or mine have most llio guests delighted. Ibrhig it to this issue, nnd there cannot bea plainer: At last night's (east, should he, or I, be called tlie entertainer." Cornhill contains n paper on " The Present Position of Landscape Painting iu England,1' pointing out tho scopo and aims of landscape painting, tbe present state of its appreciation iu this country, and expressing the belief that full justice has not been dono it, and that there arc few who really love Nature. Another paper on " The Winds" speaks of their origin nnd of their characteristics in different parte of the world. "Iscmia — L'Addio," is a Garibaldian reminis cence. " Willie Usird" Is n poem. " A Mid summer Ride in South China" describes men ami manner, and scenery. " Annadnta" and " Wives and Daughters" keep up their interest. 'J he. Oiol alter ils hybernation has begun to "hoot" again; some readers will be glad to listen to it. Tint FII'.RY ULYSSES. "Tho measure which, in' my own mind, is paramount is tho formation of some tribunal of last appeal iu Spiritual matters, which tlie circumstances of the day imperatively demand." — Mr. Disraeli at Oxford, November, 18G4, It little profits that an idle chief, Matchcn with a helpless team, I mete and dolo Unlikely hupes to a Boeotian race That vote, anil f peak, nnd cheer, but like not ma I cannot resttroni office: I must drink Power to the Iccb: all lines I have cs«nycd, Invective and corruption, both with those That served mc, and alone; 'gainst Pain, aud when Through misty periods Gladstone's cloqueuco Swayed the fogged house : I am become a Joke ; For always struggling with a hungry heart Much have I tried and failed; cabals of men, Divisions, parties, councils, governments, 3Iysclf not least, hut salaried of them ull ; And drunk delight of battle with the'Whtgs, Of; in the stinging strife of wordy war, I)vc held a part iu all that I have met ; Yet all experience is an arch where tliro' Gleam those far distant seals, whose outlines fada For ever and for ever when 1 move. How dull it ta to pause, to make nn end ' To rust on pension, not to'dtnw toll pay And this gray spirit yearning iu desire Ta lead the Tories, like the Stngt's star Up to the cradle where their advent lies. There lies the Bench— the Treasury Bench, I mean — There gird It. trcacliTons sens. My liierarcbs, Souls, that at Oxford lately thought with mc, I bid you with a frolic welcome, take Ilope s happy ray of sunshine, and prepare . Your rates aud speeches; you and 1 are old, Ann sols Parliament; but cier the end. Some work of noble note may vet he. done Not unbecoming men that would be I.auds. Election lights arc twiukllng o'er the land. The session wanes; "diasulie" Is heard — the Church Moans round with many voices. .Come, my friends, Iu Convocation start this now idem Unite, aud acting well together, smite All vulgar heretics. For my purposes A Court of High Review 'twill well suffice , To advocate ; uud " Church in danger" cry. It may he that the House will wash us down.' It may he we shall pass our little bill, : And reap the grntclul Kudos 'twill confer. Tho' much is tnkcu, much abides; and tho'- Wc arc not now hat strength which in old days Used sword Bud stake; that which wo arc, we. are; One ardent temper of ambitious hearts - Made weak by time and fate, but strong in -will, As much 03 we have lost again to win. . , IIOKI SOIT QUI "llAl; T rKXSK. ' . A year ago poor Denmark cried For aid, which we refused tlie martyr ; But since lie's oue leg left, we've tried To bind up. one wound with— a Garter. " Deputation," says tho Chanccllur of tho Exchequer, " is a noun of multitude which slg- fics ninny, hut does not. signify much." - PUNCH. , . nana .ran tiieue. — soso av ctowx, ' Here we are 1 J.et youaud me Think how long we've here to stay. TYc arc hero now. ah, but wo Shall he there nnotlicr day 1 - TVlicu rye were'ut here, there we were. ' Here when we no more remain, Then again wc shall he there. Shouting; '.'HcrOiWeare again I" The T setradition of Criminals. — ' A Hungry Pauper" inquires whether they havo the extra dish because tliey are criminals. Our Curate, or Julia' i Occupation Gone. — Amelia (glancing mournfully at the Curate, as he passes by with- an air of iodifierencorio everything sublunary, and attired in the stylo of Brother Ignathis) : "Oh, Julia, it's no use working slippers for him, and Mamma says she Is sure he don't want braces ; so wlint must we;dn to save him from marry ing out of the parish.!" Oxford Univer sity Intelligence. — -Tho Boden Professor will lec ture on Cicero's Oratory 'nnd the Oratory of Broiopton. At the Taylor Institution, "tlictc- will be lectures ou tho bnhits of the ancleute. The Professor of Political Economy will leelure ou tho " Theory of Rent ;" the text for his' first discourse wilt be, "Dou't jou wish you may get it." The Margaret Professor will, .every Tues day and Thursday evenings during the ensuing term, give " Woman, lovely Woman" as u toast. At Corpus, there will ho' tho usual lectures on Bantingism. The Professor of Logic will give lectures on liis own premises. Pretty near the marlt. — -"What do I think of tlie Davenports?" suid Smith the other night, after, . attending a seance; "why, I think'they tre a couple of ratiier clever conjurors, cl voila two. ' Iiecognitinn. — The Federals must not bo angry with us, but every time we go to see tlie juggling off the Daven- porte, or other humbugs, wo recognise the Con federates. The Gentility of Speech.— Al the music-h'alls, visitors new call for " another acrobat" wlien they, want a second tumbler. P anting his Certificate.— Family 'Doctor " Aud no port, mind ; if you drink port wine' you'll have another attack of gout, as sure ts fate." Country Gentleman : " Quite certhin ?" Doctor: "No doubt about it." -Country gentleman: "The very thing. You stny and dine ; we'll have sauce of that '34, and — I'm, summoned on ajuiy the day ndcr to-morrow!" T1IK DAVKNrOr.TS UXDOHR.' . - Line, tho Davenport Brothers got To the end ot their rope, well-nigh, When their Ferguson cut tho knot. Which their spirits could net untie. . HAKE HIK A TF.KR. ii Having finished his Iliad . And ceased to be busy, : ' , Lord Derby should try 1 - And translate his Oud-Dlzzy. Our Foreign dictations. — Cousins German. Gra vama nivo rous . /.nimals. — Convocation, Motto for Smohers.—" II cig'retto per cEser felice." Hxpressforthe Kitchen. — Mary thanks the milkman for his valentine. . She knew it was from liiin, because it was. written on tlie best cream laid. Her feelings tally witk his.' A Trifle for' Sutherlandshirc. — Why was the Garter given to the Duke of Fire Engines ? To keep up his hose. Frank Termination' of the Mmperor's Speech. — " Utopia is to welfare what imperialism is to liberty, and what illusion isto truth." 