I THE SHENANDOAH AFFAIR. The complications in which the Confederate war steamer Shenandoah is involved have, it n true, been brought to an end so far as practical in terference with the vessel is concerned, but th< political and moral questions have been by no mean? unravelled Some correspondence which we prin* below will throw a little light on the affair, anc perhaps enable our community to form an opinior for themselves as to the action taken by our locai Government. The main points in dispute ca' hardly be succinctly stated, but arise in the courst of the various considerations involved. But we must first "ive a history of what has not reached our readers. Wednesday morning, it will be remembered, found the ship still on the Government slip, the manager of the slip refusing to obey the express instructions of her captain to have her launched, giving as his reason that he was ordered by the Government not to let the launch proceed. The slip was then in the hands of police, whose in structions were to prevent its use for the launch of the Shenandoah " at all hazards " On the pre vious evening Captain Waddell had received a letter from the Commissioner of Trade and Cus toms for Victoria, intimating that the facilities hitherto afforded the Shenandoah would be sus pended on account of the alleged refusal by the commander to allow a magistrate's warrant for the arrest of one " Charlie," said to be on board, to be executed. To that letter the Captain re plied with another, denying that execution of the warrant had been refused, and stating that per mission to the police to search the ship had been denied as contrary to the dignity of the Confede rate flag; that the vessel had been searched twice, and no " Charlie" found; that absolutely no one had been shipped in these waters; and finally nrotesting against any obstruction which would cause the detention of the vessel. On Wednes day morning, then finding his vessel still fast on the cradle of the Gcvernment slip, and that the Government had taken measures to prevent its re moval, Captain Waddell sent his second lieutenant to Mr Francis with this letter. C. S. str Shenandoah, 15th Feb., 1865-To the Hon the Commissioner of Trade and Customs-Sir, ! -I am informed by the manager of the slip upon | which the Confederate States steamer Shenandoah ' now rests, that the slip has been seized by authority from His Excellency the Governor, to prevent the launching of the C. S. steamer Shenandoah, which of necessity is a seizure of the vessel under my com mand. I therefore respectful'y beg to be informed if this seizure is known to His Excellency the Gover nor, and if it meets his approval Very respectfully. JAMES J. WADDELL, Lieut Commanding C. S. Navy." At two p.m. the same day a proclamation (pub lished in yesterday's Argus) was made by His Excellency the Governor, revoking the "suspen sion of facilities " so far as the launch was con cerned, and the following letter was addressed to Captain Waddell: Custom-house, Melbourne, 15th February, 1865 Sir,-In acknowledging your letters of yesterday's date, and also in reply to your communication of this morning, I am instructed by His Excellency the Governor to inform you that the lessee of the patent slip having reported that the safety of the ship Shenandoah may be endangered by her present posi tion on the slip, the suspension of permission to British subjects to assist in launching the ship is withdrawn ; while the further matters referred to in your letters are under consideration, and will be re plied to with as little delay as possible. I have the honor to be, Sir. your obedient servant, JA^. G. FRANCIS.-J. J. Waddell, Esq, Lieut, Commanding j C S. str. Mienandoah, Accordingly the vessel was launched, andtaken to a spot midway between Williamstown and Sandridge, where she now lies. At a late hour, after eleven o'clock, that night, the following letter was received by the commander of the Shenandoah : Custom House, Melbourne, 15th February, 1S65. Sir,-I am directed by his Excellency the Governor to further acknowledge your communications of the 14th and 15th instant, in which, alleging that the vessel under command had been seized, you ask whether the seizure is known to his Excellency the Governor, and if it meets his app-oval I am to inform you, in reply, that this Government, has not directed or authorised the seizure of the henandoah Tiie instructions to the police were to see thit none of her Majesty's subjects in this colony rendered any aid or .issistanceto, or performed any work in respect of, your vessel during the period of the suspension of .the permission which was granted to you to repair and take in supplies, pending- your r»*p)v to my letter of yesterday's date, in regard to a ritish subject being on board your vessel, and having entered the service of the Confederate States, in violation of the British statute known as the Foreign Knlistment Act, and of the instructions issued by the Governor for the maintenance of neutrality by hrr Majesty's sub jects. In addition to evidence previously in posses sion of this Government, it has been reported by the police that about tea o'clock last night, four men, who had been in concealment on board the Shenan doah, left the ship, and were arrested immediately after so leaving by the water police It apnears from the statements of these men, that they were on board your vessel both on Monday and Tuesday, the 13th and 14th instant, when their presence was denied by the commanding officer in charge, and by yourself subsequently, when you declared that there were "no persons on board this ship except those whose names are on our shipping articles " This assertion must necessarily have been made by you without having ascertained for yourself by a search that such men were not on board, while at the same time you refused permission to the officer charged with the execution of the warrant to carry it into effect. Referring to that portion of your communication of the 14th instant, in \»hich you inform his Excellency the Governor " that the execution of the warrant was not refused, as no such person as the one therein specified wag on board," I am in a position to state that one of the four men previously alluded to is ascertained to be the person named in the warrant. I am also to observe that, while at the moment of the despatch of your letter it may be true that these men were not on board the Shenandoah, it is beyond question that they were on board at the time it was indited, your letter having been despatched at five minutes before ten o'clock. It thus appears plain, as a matter of fact, that the Foreign Enlistmeat Act was in course of being evaded. Nevertheless, as the only person for whose arrest a warrant was issued has oeen secured, and as you' are now in a position to say, as commanding officer of the ship, and on behalf of your Government, whose faith is pledged by the assurance, that there are no persons on board this ship except those whose names are on our ship ping articles, and that no one has been enlisted in the service of the Confederate .States since my arrival in this port,' his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to revoke the directions issued yes terday. suspending permission to British subjects to aid and assist you in effecting the necessary repairs and taking in supplies. I am to add, it is expected von will exercise every despatch, so as to ensure jour departure by the day named in your first letter of yesterday, viz, Sunday next. I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant, JAB G. FRANCIS. J. J. Waddell, Esq, Lieut, Commanding C. S. steamer Shenandoah. It was too late to reply that night, but the next morning the following reply was forwarded to the Government: - C.S. str Shenandoah, Hobson's Bay.-16th Febru ary, 1865.-To the hon the Commissioner of ! rade and Customs.-Sir,-I am in receipt ot your com munication of yesterday's date, and desire to convey through you to His Excellency the Governor my ap preciation and thanks for his observance of the rights of belligerents; and further to assure His xcellency the Governor that every despatch is being made by me to get the Shenandoah to sea at the earliest possible moment. The four men alluded to in yuur communication are no part of this vessel's compliment of men; they were detected on board by the ship's police after all strangers were reported out of th® vessel, and they were ordered and seeu out of ihs vessel bv tha ohip'a police immediately on thsir diesjofery, Which mi after my had be«a j despatched informing His Excellency the Governor that there were no such persons on board. Those men were here without my knowledge, and I havs no doubt can be very properly called stowaways; and such they could have remained but for the vigilance of the ship's police, inasmuch as they were detected after the third search; but in no way can I be ac cused, in truth, of being cognizant of an evasion of the foreign Enlistment Act. In conclusion, sir, allow me to inform you that I consider the tone of your letter remarkably disrespectful and insulting to fhe Government I have the honor to represent, and that I shall take an early opportunity of forwarding it to the Richmond Government. Very respectfully, Stc, JAMES J. WADDELL, Lieut, Commanding, C S.N. In consequence of the permission granted in Mr. Francis's last letter, coaling was proceeded with, and yesterday over 200 tons and a quantity of stores were put on board. Officers and men were all intensely busy, and coal-dust seemed to fill the atmosphere* It will take at least two days more to properly complete the stores, but yet it is not absolutely certain that Captain Wad dell will wait for that. Before quitting the subject, it will be well to 2ive a few statements in respect to the aspect of affairs. It is evident, from Mr Francis's last letter, that the Government claim to have per mitted the launch because u Charlie " had been taken, while Captain Waddell claims that such a course was forced on them by his threat ta accept the detention of the vessel on the Government slip as a seizure. This is cer«... tainly a moot point. Captain Waddell's explan ation of "Charlie's" discovery is, to gay the least, a highly natural one, especially as the fact, of the arrest of the four men does not appear to have reached the Shenandoah, so jealously is she guarded, till Wednesday night, tie says that a remark made by one of his men and reported to him after it had gone through several hands, first aroused his suspicion that the two searches made had not been complete. One of the men had been heard to say that he knew where a man was, and thereupon a third search was ordered, and the four men discovered. They were ordered ashore directly, Captain Waddeil not thinking it worth while to hand them over to the police, see ing that the men were sent into the waterman's boat under the nose of the water police, and that rows of armed constables flanked the vessel on each side and patrolled on long platforms running within ten feet of the ship. In his last letter he has, in his opinion, closed his correspondence with the Government, and to his friends he has as serted that in the whole course of his twenty one years' experience in the navy of his country he never knew of communications on these subjects between a vessel of war and anybody but the re presentative of the Imperial Government. It is not improbable that, had the communications been between the commander and his Excellency that Mr M'Culloch would scarcely have ventured on bis assertion to the Legislative Asjembly, that a foreign vessel of war had been " ordered" to leave the port.-Argus, SQUEEZING A JUBY.-Something like verdict forcing was practised in the last case at the Circuit Court on Wednesday night. Two men who have been on terms of intimacy with the police, nnd one of them upon a familiar footing with Mr Champ's establishment, were arraigned on a charge of robbing a drunken man of a LI pote. The evidence of. one of the witnesses was directly conclusive, but the prosecutor him self had given rather shaky evidence. At half past nine o clock the jury asked to retire, as one of the twelve did not agree with the other jurors, and they wished to discuss with more freedom. His Hor.or said he was exhausted, and if the jury could not agree be must retire, and would return at ten o'clock, when the jury would be locked up for the night, if they were not agreed. To con vince the dissentient juror one of the witnesses was recalled, who swore that he saw one of the pri-oners with his hand in the prosecutor's pocket, the prosecut'ir immediately announcing his loss of the note. His Honor waited for the effect of this evidence upon the jury, who had no place to re fit e to, and at length his Honor s iiJ he must go away, and they would be locked up at '.en o'clock for the niu'ht il the} did not auree. But his Honor had hardly left the heir h before the foreman an nounced that the dissentient had '. given w;iy." The judge then r.-lurried, and the jury acquitted the piisoners. It had been aim um-ed by the foreman that the juror wh" won d not "giye way" wished lor the recall id' ihe witness already mentioned, and as his evidence on recall was en tirely in favor of the uIT of tr.e prisoners, it re quires very krtle argument to show that the so hardly attained unanimity was, in all probability due rather to the prospect of a night under lock and key, than to the relief afforded to the mind of ttie doubting juror by the recalled witness - -Ballaarat Star. MKLANCHOLY DISCOVERT.-The Tarrangower Times states that the late of poor 'srael Hunt, brother-in-law to Mr Ely, the owner of Explora tion Reef, has at last been determined. It will be remembered that some eighteen months ago he was missed. He had been out in search of cattle, had never re-appeired, find in spite of searching the river, his body could not be found. A little boy was on Sunday last fishing in the Loddon, and the water being very low, he fished up a skull. He gave information to Mr Middle ton, and the consequence was the greater part of a skeleton was found. Mr. Ely, from the pecu liarity of a broken tooth in the mouth of tbe skull, identified it as that of his lost relation, and also identified a pipe and pair of boots which, with half-a- crown, were found with the bones. THE FBEE-TRADE LEAGUE. - On Wednesday, says the Ballaarat Star, some Bailaarat gentlemen, known to hold .ree-trade views, received from the secretary of the Free-trade and Financial Reform League (recently formed in Melbourne) copies of a petition to the Legislative Council, praying that body to " reject the whole of the proposed tariff," in order to signatures to same being obtained here. An impromptu meeting of free-traders took place in the forenoon iu conse quence, aud arrangements were made for obtaining the required signatures. To- day copies of the petition will be taken round, in Ballaarat West and East, and opportunities to sign will be offered to passers by at the Corner, in Ballaarat West, and opposite the Exhibition Mart, in Ballaarat East. Steps will also be immediately taken to . organise a Free trade League in Ballaarat, to cooperate with the central association in Mel bourne. HOME PRODUCTION.-An important industry is about to be commenced at Wattle Fiat. Mr Thompson, a resident of that neighborhood, pur poses to devote about fourteen acres of land to the cultivation of flax, in the production of which, we understand, he is well skiiled. When well bleached, the flax would be sent home for manu facture. As the commencement of this industry would require the outlay of rather a large capital, it is not unlikely that a company will be formed. -M. A. Mail. CANDIDATES FOB ENLISTMENT. - Tuesday's Ovens and Murray Advertiser says :-11 On Sun day last, a number of men who have lately been engaged in mining pursuits in this portion'of the district, but who have boon compelled to stop working owing to the want of water caused by the long continued drought, humped their swags and started en route for Melbourne with the in intention of joining the Shenandoah. We think they will find that in -the long run thsy wou!4 have dona better by stieking te ths 0wai"»SSp MORGAN'S MOVEMENTS.-It would appear by the following extract from the Ovens and Murray Advertiser of Saturday that Morgan has been carrying on his operations recently ver}' near the Victorian frontier :-John, Arthur, and W. Whitehead, the eldest a very young man, and the latter boy?, crossed the Murray from the Goora madda Scation on Saturday last, in search of some cattle that had gone over into New South Wales When about twenty miles from home, close t" the Gumballah (?) Paddock, they saw a man near the slip-rail, on the other side of the fence. They were riding' away from him when he called on them to stand and come back to the slip rail, covering them at the same time with a carbine. On returning to him, he ordered the eldest to let down the slip-rail,keeping him cohered all the time. The youngman of course complied, and he immediately asked them for their money. John, who actec! S3 spokesman for the party generally, said, ' I suppose you are Mr Morgan.' He said, 'Yes,' and was handed a purse. He then desired to know how much it"contained,(and was told a Ll-note, Is 6d in silver, and a bridge ticket. He also asked the boys, but they answered they had no money -one ol them adding, rather coolly, that he wished he had. He then took the young man's .watch, but on being told that it was a present from a cousin now in England, he appeared to hesitate about it, finally handing it back, with the remark that there were plenty of' watches1 for him in all directions, hut he would like one of them horses. John Whitehead said the pony he was riding was also a present, on which Morgain said. 'You appear to have a great number of kind re lations.' He kept them prisoners until near sun down, about an hour and a half, chatting fami liarly with them, and no doubt pumping them f T information. Among other things he said, " I heard you crossed the river, and have been watching you, thinking your high pads were holsters, and that you were Victorian police, whose acquaintance I want to make.' They told him they were going in a certain direction to look for the cattle in the morning; to which he an swered, that perhaps they would not be alive. Before parting, however, he directed them to a certain person to whom he desired his name to be mentioned, and they would get the cattle. He then returned them the watch, the whole of the money, made them put up the slip-rails, and said :-' My lads, you had better not say you met me here just yet.' They said, ' May we not saj', in a few days, when we return home, that we have seen you ?1 He gave them permission to do so, and tbev separated again on opposite sides of the fence. We heartiiv desire r<ran to have his wish in seein,r some of the Victorian police. Morgan was mounted on a chestnut horse, which came to his call." A KIN-G " INCOGNITO."-The Gazette du Midi relates the following incident, which is said to have occurred on the occasion of King Leopold's recent passnge through Marseilles. His Mr.jesty. who travelled strict!" incognito, entered the Cafe Bodoul and sat down at a table close hy two per sons who were playing at dominoes. He appeared to watch the game with great interest, and even gave way to a slight movement of impatience when a wrong domino was played. The player observed this movement, and said. "Perhaps you would not have played so ?" " No," said the King, " I shoulrl not." Some minutes la'er the King again made a similar movement, and the player then remarked with some ill-humour, 4t You think I have again played wrong ?" "Yes," replied His Majesty, "I should have played the double-five." The player felt annoyed, and, shrugging his shoulders, said. "You are a donkey ! " A moment after the King rose, paid his reckoning, and withdrew. During this scene the player had noticed th?t one of the waiters kept making signs to him which he could not understand, and after the King's departure he asked for an explanation. " I merely wanted to let you know," said the waiter, " that you were talking to the King of the Belgians." " Inleeii 1" exclaimed the player ; "then I am afraid I have not been over-polite." The waiter seemed fully to concur in this sentiment. PHTHISIS.-The Medical Congress at Lyons has just commenced operations. One of the first questions submitted to discussion was the follow ing:-" Establish by undoubted facts the cura bility of pulmonary phthisis; separate, among the varieties of that disease, those which are amenable to cure and those which are incurable." This question took up a whole sitting of five hours' duration. The curability of pulmonary con . gumption is now an undeniable fact, and on this head of the question all the orators of the day were of one mind ; but if several cases of cure have evidently been established, the connection between them and the mode of treatment adopted is still so complicated and obscure, that it was feared that the second heading of the question would give rise to an overwhelming production of recipes and specific remedies. This danger was not entirely avoided in the different communica tions which were presented. Monsiesr Gourdin, a physician from Paris, dwelt on the necessity of foreseeing and combating the disease at its very outset. Together with the two recognised periods of crudity and softening of the tubercles, he ad mits a third period, in which the tubercles exist in the * blood, and await but the first in flammation of the lungs to settle there. He declared that he had often cured pulmonary caverns by, employing injections of iodine. M. lieudet then read a very remarkable paper on The Influence of Alcoholic Drinks on the Form, the Progress, and the Termination of Pulmonary Phthisis." With Jackson, Peters, and Dr. Walshe of London, M. Leudet admits that pulmonary tuberculization is less frequently observed among alcohol drinkers than amongst other people; and that in the former, when the disease is once developed, its progress is much slower. In drunkards the cough is less painful, vomiting of blood less common, and the disease is often latent. With Proiessor Stokes and Dr. Walshe of London, he advices brandy to be administered whenever phthisis is accompanied by rigor and cyanosis.-Lancet, 15th October. A BORN ACTOR.-Garrick's personal character istics particularly fitted him for success upon the Stage. Look at Sir Joshua's portraits of the Roscius; it would be hard 'ofind a better face for an actor. The features handsome and well defined, with a certain flexibility about them which ren dered variety and rnpid change of expression easy matters. The eyes large and luminous, dark and penetrating, and above them well arched and Btron^ly marked eyebrows-most precious gifts to an actor-one raised a trifle above its fellow, from some habitual trick of expression, or an accidental momentary twitch which seems to in dicate a vivid perception of the humorous. The mouth large, as befits a declaimer, but shapely, the muscles round it very active and prominent, the chin rbund. the jaw square, the throat thick - all favorable to delivery of a strong voice, with rapid utterance. His face, we Jearn, was wonder fully under control. He would sometime.*, but rarely, indulge his mo3t intimate friends with a performance of what he called his " rounds." He would stand behind a chair, and unaided Ly words or music convey into his face every variety of passion, '-blending one into another, and, as it were, shadowing them with a prodigious num ber of gradations." Now lie extorted laughter, aow he drew tears. Now he terrified, now he seemed himself terrified, until the spectators tnrned to see if there were not among them some strange cause of horror. Nov? he was wise as Solomon, anon he drivelled like a village idiot. He was young, he was old. he was rich, he was poor, he was sober, drunk, overfed, starving, brave, cowardly, generous, miserly; he wore a plastic mask, and cou'.d, by an effart of will, mould his features to what p.ittern he chose. There was even at one time a story current that he had frighted Hogarth by appearing before him gs the ghost of Fielding, having assumed a repre sentation "of the great novelist's features; but $his, it must be confessed, cannot readily be ^reditecJ.-=*C?/sc« a. Weeh . 