MY SECRET OR BERTHA HANLEY. CHAPTEB II. We could have gone nearly all the way by the road but we did not like that path, and besides, Amy, had promised - Mrs. Graham some ' wildflowers. for her vases. So we crossed some paddocks and then got into the bush. And now, according to the usual Style of Australian stories, we should have fallen in with a party of blacks, or a kangaroo at the very least. But 1 am bound to conless tnat we cud. not met with so much as an opossum. & In fact nothing very remarkable happened during Our walk, but from what followed all the events re mained stamped indelibly upon my memory. We climbed the hill and stood for a few minutes to enjoy the view. We could see the town, which, though beautifully situated, did not' in itself present a very imposing appearance. Opposite was Rosemount standing back from the road with the bush behind it like a dark fringe; and farther still the distant mountains, changing to every shade of purple and amber in the rays of the sett ing sun. ' , 'Let us go. home now,' said Amy, 'it will be getting chilly.' ' ' Yes and dark,' said I, ' do you forget Frazer's ?gliost?' ??''.. ?,.,''.?'? Frazer was a person who was said to have in habited this spot at some remote .period. He had killed himself, or had been murdered, or had disappeared in some mysterious manner ; and now his ghost was supposed to haunt the place. I often wondered ljow the parties who had been favoured with this apparition could be so positive that it was Frazer's ghost they had seen, consider ing that they had never beheld that personage during his lifetime, and that, besides this, it was always his pleasure to appear either without a head, or under the doubtful form of a white calf. 'I am more afraid of displeasing Papa than I am of Frazer's ghost,' remarked Amy smiling, and we tegan to descend the hill. We were about half way home when suddenly my sister stopped,, and looking round I saw that she; was j standing with her face very white and an expression i& h«r eyes that I knew too well. \ 'You are ill, dear,' I said as calmly as I could, ' for my heart beat violently, 'sit down on this log for a minute. ' ' I made her do so, and running to the creek which was just' near, I dipped my handker chief into the water, and then returning began to bathe her forehead. Presently she appeared better, and taking her by the hand I led her on, for I could see no one near just then, and I was always afraid of being alone with her when she was ill. At length Anv said, 'dear me we arc almost home.' I could see that she did not recollect what had taken place, so I made no allusion to it, knowing that this was best. But when we reached home I told my father privately of her threatened attack, and. I observed that he watched her narrowly for the rest of the evening. Soon after tea Amy expressed her intention of re tiring to rest, saying that she felt fatigued after her long walk. I thought that my father looked very anxious as he kissed her and bade' her good night. 'Are you going to the school-room,' said Mrs. Graham to me presently, seeing me rise, and know ing my usual custom. ' No,' replied I, ' I am going to bed too.' The school-room had no attractions for me that night. My father was sitting at his desk writing some letters which had to be posted the following morning in order to be in time for for the English mail. ' That's right my darling,' he said, ' I am glad you are not going to sit up in the cold. Good night. God bless you.' 'What a wicked girl I, am,' I thought to myself, remembering my disobedience and deceit. But no genuine repentance, no good resolve min gled with that thought. 'I hope, Helen,' said Amy to me, 'that you will hot keep that candle burning long, it prevents me from sleeping.' 'Very well,' I answered, and I put it out immedialy, proceeding to undress in the dark, and moving about very softly for fear of dis turbing my sister.' When I could hear by her breathing that she was asleep, I lighted the candle again, (for we always had matches' at hand) and throwing on1 a wrapper and shawl, I placed myself at her side, and propping myself up with the pillows I began to read. And here let me make one excuse for my conduct, although it is a very poor one. This book which interested me so much was per fectly elegant and refined as far as style went. I did not understand that as its moral was bad, it was for that very reason all the more dangerous. In my childish ignorance I had not the slightest idea why I had been forbidden to read it. I cannot say how many hours I read, for I kept repeating to myself, ' Only this one chapter more,' and then when the chapter was finished I could not prevail on myself to close the book. *r4-' I had snuffed the candle several times, and ob serving the light to become again obscure, I pulled tho candlestick impatiently towards me. It happened that I moved the curtain of bed the at the same time, which coming in contact with the flame kindled in stantly into a blaze. My first impulse was to try to extinguish the fire but finding my efforts unavailing I ran to call my father, who was still sitting in the parlour writing. Just as I came to the bedroom, I heard a shriek from Amy, and not till then did I think of the danger to which I had left my sister exposed. As I entered, I saw her sitting up -in the bed, her face lighted up with the glare of the flames, her blue eyes distended with horror. She threw up her arms and sunk back on the pillow. My. father's first care was to remove her gently from the bed and place her on the sofa under the charge of his wife, who had by this time joined us, having heard the disturbance. Then by pulling down the curtains and using other means, he managed to extinguish the fire, receiving, however, some veiy severe burns on his hands. I stood watching him almost stupified, and it was not until all danger from the fire was over that I turned to look at my sister. She was lying pale and still, and Mrs. Graham was bending over her with a face almost as white as her own. ' This is a very bad fit, is it not ?' said I. I hardly dared to ask the question. ' Tliis is no fit, Helen,' answered my stepmother ' calmly and sadly, 'this is death.' I looked up to my father and read in the expres* sion of his face a confirmation of her words. What followed I cannot say. I know I screamed, for I remember the sound of my own voice ringing in my ears, as if it were the voice of -another. . When I recovered my consciousness I found my self lying on the sofa from which the lifeless form of my poor sister had been removed. My father was standing by my side holding a draught to my lips which he desired me to swallow. I obeyed. I do not know whether it was an opiate, but this I know, that I lay in a half dozing state the whole of that wretched night. I heard whispered voices and hurried footsteps, while through the open door I could see pale faces and lights passing to and fro. My father came in several times and looked at me, ? »^ ^ i but never spoke; it seemed to mo that he could not speak. Only once he took my hand and sighed. At length the morning came, tho welcome morning. When I began to move about I felt as weak and worn out as if I had been ill for weeks. Our maid Bridget brought; me in my breakfast with the tears streaming down her kind face. But I could taste nothing. ''??'-??' 'Bridget,' I said, 'may I see her ?' She beckoned me to follow. I did so, and found myself for the first time in the presence of Death. I have often read.of , persons being buried while in a trance which has been 'mistaken for death. These stories may be true, but for my own part I could never understand how such a mistake could occur. Who ever *aw on the face of the living that look of strange unearthly calm ? We say it is like sleep but it is not so. There is nothing in life to com pare to it. As I stood gazing at my poor sister's altered features Mrs. Graham put to me the question I had been dreading for hours. 'Helen,' she said softly, 'how did it happen ?- I vwas not untruthful either by nature or habit, but having once given way to the sin of deceit it seemed as if the demon of falsehood had taken possession of my soul. ' I do not know,' I answered. Oh ! fatal'words, would that I had never .have spoken them. 'It must have been as I thought then,' said my father, 'poor darlingj T 'have warned her of this before, she must have lighted the candle herself, feeling ill and not wishing to disturb her sister. No doubt in putting it back on the table, by some accident, perhaps through the trembling of her hand she must have set the curtains on fire.' .,. ...,'. ? I was silent ; but my conscience was not silent : loudly it upbraided me for the part I was playing. My father continued — 'We have one comfort at least,' he said, ' we have always done alive could for her, and this dreadful accident was one which no. care of ours could either foresee or prevent.' So spoke my fathei1, and oh ! what a tumult did his words awake in my mind. 'Can I take from him this one comfort?' I asked of myself ; 'can I humble myself before my stepmother and publish my wickedness to the world ? Can I bear to be pointed at henceforth as the girl who caused the death of her sister ?' And I an swered the questions 'Never, never.' I felt myself safe, for I knew that the pale, sealed lips of the dead could reveal nothing, but I went forth from that gloomy chamber into the cheerful light,, feeling that I hM now a secret on my mind, a terrible secret: a; weight ever at my heart, a shadow always on my soul. ;_ - ,.- (To he continued.) 