H^IULLAIULLA BUNHP. ' ? T, ,-jcfal coolness ana darKness ot I ? wCdwceiidtd on the Jittlo township ? '- ? fulls BiiUa, which nil day long Lad ? r,nVoiiiii.? «»d blazing in t!ie force sun I [-'ht of an' Australian summer. Hours m r. ji,n ;-fnrre-wi[i£r niveous had iaken ? Tf.i- evening draught from the coffee ? '?.l'nrfd wattrholo beyond the butcher's I -iddoek, and tlllCn flovvn Dack into tlle ? bii'li io'roost on ' honcysucklu ' aud in 1 1; -atber. The locusts vere silent' but now I in'd then roigbt be heard the greedy cry of ? ilie i'i«ore !)Olk-' c!l(ising tllc ^'ge ^oto Imollis through the dim dev.-y air. The ? 'possums and the flying-foxes were more ? quietly plundering outlying gardens. Heavy ? clonds had palled the horizon just before c'indfAV!), and low rumblings of. distant thmiita had been heard. For a short jiinc aftersuudown beautiful sheet-lightning frul played around the heavens, but now lie Magellan Clouds were the only clouds lathe c'wrlydaik eky, aud from which the golden armour of Orion flashed as 5f just burnished. Here and there the dusky 'houses were spotted ivith patches of biiio\i5-lf.okin2 yellow light, telling of tired to-n nsfolks turning in. A good many of tboburgliers of Bulla BuUa, however, were Wateil on their verandahs, quietly talking, ot tamjuilly smoking and drinking. I, for pue, was enjoying roy pipe of ncgro-^ead aud glass of cold brandy .ind water. I had hadau unusually hard day's vrerk. To term with, a young monkey mounted on a mammoth of a stock-horse jhad galloped up to wy place before daybreak with a (Jmmi;-3 for my immediate attenaance at a station about a dozen niiles off, where I was ranted to aid in bringing a still smaller jushraan into ,tke world. ' To end with, ihcrc had been a row among the wild lasers who were cedar-cutting on the ?buks of the Macnamara, and just as 1 ?ras sitting down at a late dinner I had fteen smuyjoned to ride half 'a score of ?nilcs to dress the quarrelsome rowdies' Beads. lVhenatlast as I kicked off my tight ?ii-iy boots, and eeated myself on the ve Kndiih in cool slippers and a low rocking ?hair— safe, as I thought, from intermp Hion fur the night — the conscious dolce Whttmeute ia the dew-freskened open air Hcemei so far preferable to unconscious ?lumber in a hot bedroom, that I almost ?solved to remain up all night. ? The ragged flags of my tall bananas just Bustled, as now and then the night air gave ? sleepy sigh ; the stiff blades of the aloes ?n my little front garden, dimly discernible, Hooked like the stacked arms of spectres; fciglish flowers sent forth a rich, moist ?team of perfume. In spite of my resolve Bo have a conscious enjoyment of my rest, ? fell asleep with my pipe in my jnouth. I ?woke with a start. My treasured cutty Black, but comely — colored with .the csseu ?ialoil of nine mouths' smoking— tumbled ?ram my teeth and smashed on the verandah Bricks.' I had no time then to 'mourn niy Bissr-so awful, so unearthly was the sound ; ? heard. In a few seconds it had awoke ?he whole township. Almost every win-: ? ?ow giving oa the little uneven, grass Brown, stump-dotted street was blotched ' Bitli jaundiced gleams, which fell on faces - ?3 white as the uight dresses of the suddenly '. ?oased sleepers. The silent 'kef' and the Bu'mberiog yarns of the sitters on the ver- i Btidahs were brought to an abrupt dose, i ?ie little place, which a minute before i Bad been so profoundly tranquil, was 1 igitated like an invaded ant-hill; The ! Bhinaman who made my bed, swept my j ?oDins, mended my stockings, sewed on my ! ftntfons, cooked my meals, groomed my i ?orse, aud pounded away with the pestle i ?liny primitive surgery, crept to my side 1 pith teeth clattering like castanets. My i Bog Tiger put bis tail between his legs, . ?Touched between mine, and shaking like a ! Idly, whined and tremulously bayed at the - iijsterious noise. . It lasted off fend on ? me about an hoar, and offand 011 was heard It Die same time of night for about three i ?reeks. It is vain to attempt to describe 1 pe indescribable, - A melancholy boom - Blundering away in the bnshVorJJiSes, and '. I high-pitched howl gradually -sinking into i lloag drawn despairing wail, were the most 1 lerbally reproducible items. of -the. tioise ; i lut the words I have, used give ao ade- ] ?nate idea of the eeruiess of the boom and 1 Jowl and waiL 'No words can give an 1 Idwiiatc idea, -.and with the boom and ] Jowl aud wa;)) 6Ound3 that I can only 1 fcsuely characterise as infernal took their 1 l=ra. It may readily be supposed that ] luring the three weeks I speak of Bolla - Pulla was in a state of ferment By day 1 V c talked of the mysterious noise, and ] Py night, from twelve to one, we heard it « Po adult in BullftBulla went to bed until } mi last wail of our fearsome disturber had 3 ijed away in the dark distance, and the 3 f™dren sat up in their night-clothes - Piiverbg, expecting the 'outburst of ths 1 prat boom. The fame of the 'Bulla c pidla ghost 'spread fer and wida People 1 pho hred in gas-lit streets laifghed .at us i I?* Kt of superstitious yokels,' and hinted Pat&enim-bottie; ?wasthe raiser of the ,1 ipirit that liauntedus. Itiwasjall very] P«e to talk in that way in Sydney, but I 3 P[iU be bonnd to say that the Sneeriug - pts would have been the first to fonk if s fSey had he^} ^j,e ^j^ game of oar 1 piJh neighbours joined *t first in the ridi- 1 g«e to whidii we-yew exposed, but we b- i RJWtt tUejn fa comeand hear for themselves, i pd tnq^e Cocaine to mock xomaiaed to 1 pake of conrse all Mads oT hypotheses 1 pete started to «' account ' for the strange , t Ik^, . Oar on3y &*&* was an ubsophis- 1 [wated Methodist minister, who had spent i Ijtegreater part of his life in the bush, j and 1 O^oncs* man, maintained both in andout 1 IS. tV?P1(* *-* the devil was going 1 ibout BulU Bulk like « waring lion, seek- t HnSwhom he might devour. The store- 1 IS* WL-- *** b8ett a *caoolmaster at ' Ittnb? S^cnnotlsly asserted that a ' bippo- 1 lUn ifj troubled us, and eundry persons, { IF?- 'ot *?« «ughtest nolion of what « ^^KMrttheTOrdTswoii tJlat the . j S^WrigH The landlord of the 1 S™4ms»M of opmiontkat the 1 tpi^flir^ 4ePcased blackfellows were i Ll^O^^^'corr^borree'' itt'our « O^*^T' A :«fMth',«nthoriJy, b I S?Wr' ^edared that we migut 1 l«fc ^^anteroeodHa'foroartro'nWed 1 f fama's^TL 'Btypottoian, however, which, J yW^P^^Wwa-tiiat 8Uggested. « station, iviiu vory frequently found his way to the hostelry, over which the m: blazoued cmn .i!,d kanraroa stood eantrv and there imbi'oiii' traiidy, beer, or aily bevewge to which he could get treated bragged greatly of his knowledge of the bush. Beyond a doubt, in ' Lushy Luke's' belief, a buuyin had taken temporary lodg ings ontsi'le the town. This bete noire of the Australian bush Luke asserted he had offjn scon in bygone-times. He described it as being bigger th.in elephant, in shape like a ' poley' bullock, with eyes like live coals, and with tusks like a walrus's. When my opinion was askod, -jf course, as a professional man, I scouted with impar tial ccoru the diabolical, the Lippoceutaur, the corroborre, the ownoiiile, and tLe buuyip theory. The boom I attributed to a bittern, the howl to diii^os in. chase of kangaroo, the wail to curlews, and the al together indescribable noises to 1 Dutch concert of the startled denizens of the bush. I was, however, comparatively speaking, a ' new chum,' aud therefore my explanation of the mystery met with scant respect. Sooth to say, it did not satisfy myself. I tried to make it do so when the sun was high, butas the sunbeams v.cstcred ovor the spot from which . we thought the noises must proceed, I quite gave up the attempt. This place was a swamp fenced in with tea-tree scrub, which would have been impenetrabie had -it not becu for one or two narrow winding cattle paths. The swamp was in the hollow of aflat, sprinkled with low bushes which breathed forth a rich aroma beneath the hot summer sunlight. Over them in sum mer flitted butterflies of velvet- black and gold, and the mosquitoes rose aud fell in dizzying ma2e. Around the bush«s ? and through them the black snake wriggled, and the kind leech crawled. . Black duck and teal and other water fowl found a snug home in the swamp, aud in winter, when they could do eo without asking the ducks to cat them, a chorus of ranal bassi made the clump of scrub and rush arid reed hoarsely vocal. The flat was a couple of miles from the town, and fringed witUgioomy-fuliaged stunted trees, whose bark dansled about them in dirty white shreds like beggars' rags. lu spite of the butterflies the flat was not a cheerful spot even in the bright est summer day, and when the night-winds moaned over it by starligl:t,ror the waning moon fmntly silvered in the mist which brooded ever the swamp, the flat was not a place in which n superstitious person would have liked to find himself alone. Neither by night nor by day did the inha bitants of Bulla Bulla. care to visit it after the commencement of the mysterious noises, but at last a party was organised to beard the buuyip, if bunyip it should prove, in its damp den. Lusby Luke was the cap tain. Boniface, the storekeeper, twosawyers, the rough carpenter, who believed in the crocodile, the butcher, the barber, and my self, were the men. I did not very much relish my rank of full private, but tried to quiet my sense of insulted professional dignity by making believe to myself that I attended the expedition professionally. The barber, who as well as myself .consi dered it injra dig. to serve under Lushy Luke, on a, a par with rowdy sawyers, also tried to persuade Mmself that he attended in a professional capacity — that of 'special reporter.' He was a mulatto from the States, who indemnified himself for the slights to which his colour had subjected him in America, by a not merely 'I'm as1 good as you,' but an ' I'm a deal better than you,' bearing towards all white men iu Australia. He [.r-itended to take a great interest in sporting events, of which he understood nothiug, and passed himself off us a Bulla Bulla correspondent of Hell's Life in Sydney, on the strength of a long letter w'lich he posted every week for l-lie sditor, but which somehow never found -its. tray into print . J wauted- to discover the cause of our xlarin, and if possible, to put an cud U; it ; but, as I have said,I was not very proud Cjf my .position, iu the exploring party, [t was the only one, however, that I could be permitted to occupy, my com rades informed .me. 'Cheeking : a. 3Well ' is 'nuts' to a large class of persons in Australia: and although, .Heaven knows, a bush doctor's status is nothing' t ery grand, and, judged by a city standard, [ should have been pronounced anything but swellish ; I was the nearest approach to a 'gentleman ' the people of Bulla Bulia had it in their power to tease; and iccordingly both by tho few- who volun teered to beard the bunyip, and by 'the many who prayed -to have themselves accused, I was told that, if I chose to go, [ must obey .the cominauds of Lushy Luke. Of course, I could go by myself, if [ liked— but I didn't iike. Of course I xrald stray away, if I pleased — but after' baving frequently propounded my bitteru lingo-and-curlew theory, it would uot do to give captious critics a chance of assert ing that I had shown the white feather. The Australian Arms was our place of rendezvous; om lime for starting — half past eleven p.m. When I reached the inn, [ found that my brother heroes had been drinking for three or four hours, aud were (ceordingly in various stages of druaken ie«3.- Almost tho whole of the nonad fenturous population of Balla Bulla had assembled withiu and without th« inn to 3ee us start. It was a bright mooulight night, aid when our rank smd file, headed by our leader, who iad fully justified his it/briquet staggered outside, I was strongly tempted to swear that I would not march through Coventry with so disreputable a set 'Lushy Luke endeavoured to sober iimscif by dipping his head in the hollowed tee-trunk which serves for the watcr ?rougb of an up-country Australian inn. Ie forgot, however, to take off his 'cabbage-tree' before he ducked, and ingry at baring made a fool of himself, he rave fierce orders, ia a thick voice, for his nen to fell in, shoulder aims, and mark Ame. AU except myself tried to obey, ind for five minutes, with their guns at all kinds of angles, the reeling idiots right efted, each man marking bis own very OTgular time. At length the command, *3lar-r-r-ch,' was given,, and with tipsy aavity, narrowly avoiding tipsy tumble*, ny comrades tramped out of tfte- township trough a hue of townsfolk. , I followed is I pjeased.. ? .The. captain, was too far rone to bo extreme to mark my breach^ iiscipline. - , ,\ ^ ,. About * mile outside the town a tow I rail ftiusjd skirted tho rough track wp follovred. li, cuchsed a lucerne paddock. Over tko gswy rails, as we approached^ c.iuie bounding a mob of kangaroos, headed by a gigantic perfectly white ' old man,' which glimmered ghostly in the moonlight. The sporting barber dropped his gun, fell upon his knees, clasped his bands, and began to vociferate at railway speed, ' Our Fn'r 'ch art 'n ev'!i — Our Fu'r 'ch nrt 'ji 'ev'n — Our Fa'r Jch art 'n 'ev'n.' His abbreviated paternoster having been with difficulty silenced, we movod on. We ap proached a swamp. ' bomcLbiug black blunders out. Half-a-dozen guns — the triggers pulled by tremulous lingers — filed at it (simultaneously, and, more through cood Juck than fond aim. a thick-pet bearded niusk-d:v.ke tumbled to the ground. We entered one of the cattle tracks, my brethren, iu arms steadying themselves by grasping the slim tea- tree pules. Presently our leader gave a whispered ' hush ' and 'halt,' and pointed to something iu the dense, dark scrub. I looked over his shoulder, and must confess that I felt queer when I saw two great golden eyes glaring at me. They only belonged to a grey owl, however. The experienced bush man, Luke, was nicely roasted afterwards for Laving mistaken an owl fora hobgoblin. Noue of us, however, had any reason to boast of the courage we displayed. We were trying to force our way through the scrub, when, without any warning, a roar was raised which seemed, to make the earth tremble for acres round. In an instant it was sauve qui pent. Luke, for a time, as, perhaps, .became a leader, headed the flight, but was soon distanced by the cucumber shinned barber, who ran until he dropped — into the arms of a Bulla Bulla Desde moua, who doatcd on his dusky skin. She loved him all the more, of course, for the dangers he had passed — dangers which no amount of contradiction could prevent him from asserting he had most magnanimously braved. Tho butcher, beiug a heavy man, was bo£i;ed i;i a quagmire, in which he passed a night of awful apprehension, which he declared had turned his hair prematurely grey. But as he was almost bald, that did not much matter. He was uot got out until after breakfasMime next morning. With that dreadful roar in our ears, those who could ruu never dreamt of stopping in obedience to his cries. After that night the mysterious noises were no more heard. All the theorists except myself remained of the same opinion still. The Methodist uiiiiistar still main tained that the swamp had been ' pos sessed ;' the storekeeper declared that be hail seen the hippocentaur whisk bis tail ; the landlord swore to the apparition of a huge black fellow flourishing a phantasmal a plank, from- memory, the profile of the saw-jawed crocodile he had seen snapping at him ; Luke continued true to his faith in the bunyip ; and, ceasing even to sham to believe in the bittern, dingoes, and cur lew, I felt ioclinda tTside with him. . What the bunyip is, I cannot pretend to say, but I think it is highly probable that the stories told by both old bushmen and blackfellows, of some bush beast bigger aud fiercer than any commonly kuown iu Australia, are founded on fact. Sear and the love of the marvellous way have intro duced a considerable element of exaggera tion into these stories, but I cannot help suspectiug that the myths have an histori cal basis. It R 