RICHARDSON TO THE RESCUE 1 (TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES.) SIB,—It is a long time since I invaded yonr columns, therefore, I make bold to ask for a 1 small portion of your space in which to reply to your correspondent, "Indicator." I believe it I was pretty well understood by those gentlemen who secured the triumph of my deDirtment in toe Hospital Fair, of May, 1863, that once IU three years would be sufficiently often for us to undertake the pleasing, but somewhat arduous task of erecting such a Theatre asthat in which the philosophic Hamlet 'walked' after the Ghost, and Romeo and Juliet 'heaved' their love-sick sighs on that aurp cinus ocosion. I would ask ' Indicator if it is likely aommunilv which, sinking all class and religious differences, united in raising £700 for their Hospital will allow that charity to die out ? Does not the fact of their undertaking to rnise ten churches and chapels (not to say anything of. the numerother substantial buildings cnnstanlly going up) point to the deduction that the people of Maldon are not very impecunious or far behind in works of progress or charity. Would not'Indicator ' rather see. chapels springing up like mushrooms " than the establishment of such dancing shops as now.demoralise especially the youth of Sandhurst and other places. The multitude -of sects of nhid the Protestant religion, is composed doubtless * bewilders * wiser heads than 'Indicator's,'and for all he knows tiie various ministers may now be arranging for special services.. Can .'Indicator'say. that the Shire Council will not give a substantial donation. I observe the Foresters have .voted £5, and this leads me to the question, has your correspondent of the. indicative mood given his note ! You; sir, who shared'and gloried in our theatrical .as well as general success, may, perhaps, be able to - inform • Indicator" thatprb"- portionatdy, we have not been beaten, even in 1 Melbourne, as far p the results of a fair are -concerned. One . more'; reminder, and I have j done, does '-Indicator' know thht in order to «et UD^successful fair theladies, first and fore-1 jnnst," have to be consulted ? As'in our renre- 1 Aani^tiAna JHSBtSiOpB they jufi the — most L attraotivfcdo • .. • , mostt -. j wori^fnd. return ihe most mouey You will j as a' fisher, paixlon my weakness > in adducing r J ^ liichai^nasrajllnstritioh: ; . In cpnclusion. a number of experienced gen- , tlMienland otiier energetic workers would have j to be n^ited upon and their aid invoked. ; We do not kown whb ^Siait^t-iL'iM every one is familiar with the name of J RICHARDSON. 