LONGEVITY. I (MON THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) I A discussion has lately been carried on in the columns of The Times which has an interest for all persons who care about living. No one, according to Sir George Cornewall Lewis, ever lived to the age of a hundred ; or, as we should rather say, no one can be shown by sufficient legal proof to have reached that age. There is nothing, one would have thought, specially rotating about this statement, whether well founded or not, It seems; however, to rankle in the minds of a good mal. by respectable antiquaries. As soon as the question is accidentally raised, the supporters of human longevity swarm to its defence with a zeal second only to the theological. They are as much vexed as if every one of them were aged ninety- nine, and were receiving a sentence not to live out the year. The vexation is perhaps natural. Many people can never distinguish between doubts thrown upon their accuracy and doubts thrown upon their veracity. When a man tells you that a friend of his knew an old woman, some years ago, who is at least HO if she is still alive, he infers confidently that some people live beyond the age of a hundred ; if you don't draw the same inference, he fancies that you are doubting his word. Besides this pardonable confusion of ideas, antiquarian enthusiasts have a special ground of annoyance. They feel that most of their beliefs rest upon evidence which is necessarily short of conclusive. In making" investigations about old genealogies, the pleasure of the research is almost proportional to the faintness of the evidence. You glory in the keenness of scent. which enables you to follow a trail too faint for other perceptions. Many of your pet opinions are only held in default of better evidence. The slightest presumption upon one side is sufficient to carry weight when there is no other presumption to be had. Things might look different in the sunlight, but we must trust to a farthing candle when we have got nothing better. It is, therefore, little short of torture to the mind of the genuine antiquary when it is sought to try his conclusions by scientific or legal tests. He thinks it hard that he should be called upon to give an account of his proofs, as if he could put his defunct witnesses in to the box. Thus, a gentleman writing to The Times complains bit terly.ofthepresentuge,asbeingatonceabaurdly credulous in some things and absurdly mere dulous in others. People, he says indignantly, are ready to believe that Richard III. was a respectable character, and yet they won't believe that one Jenkins lived to be 169. Without concerning ourselves to defend, in all points, an age which believes in spirit rapping, we think this attack upon it very unfair. It is plain that, if we assume perfect equality between the evidence in favour of the villany of Richard III. and the evidence to establish the extraordinary case of Jenkins, we shall not therefore believe in the two facts with the same intensity. It was once, perhaps, quite in character for an made in the highest classes to murder his infant nephews and conceal them in a hole behind the stairs. That line of conduct might even be 60 intrinsically probable, à priori, that we should believe it until the uncle's innocence was proved. But, on the other hand, it was characteristic that people should accuse Richard of smothering her young friends, and should be no we the accusation causelessly. The antecedent probabilities are about equal, and we may be reasonably swayed either way by a slight weight of; evidence. On the very strongest hypothesis there always remains a possibility that Richard was a misunderstood but virtuous character, for some admixture of falsehood it the authorities is a certainty, though the proportions of the mixture are doubtful. But no one can say that the probabilities are not enormously great against Old Pat having lived to 162, or Jenkins to 16S There is some limit of belief at which our minds, however elastic, cease to yield to almost any evidence. If Jenkins'soge had been put at 969 instead of 169, no one would accept the story, though the evidence were infinite!; stronger. It is indeed rather amusing to observe the extreme faintness of the ground of which our faith in Jenkins is demanded Some vague gentleman, going to see Jenkins meets a man over a hundred, whom he congratulates on his apparent vigour in extreme old age, " Ah, sir, it's my father that you want to see," exclaims Jenkins junior. Th picturesque intervention of this superfluous centenarian seems to have made the fortune of the story. The corroborating circumstance such as the old men who had always con- sidered Jenkins an old man from their early, youth, and Jenkins's own recollections c Flodden Field-are the most commonplace of such stories. The gentlemen who as us to believe this tale produce a kin of evidence which might adequately prove that John Smith was the son of William Smith in the seventeenth century, if there was in evidence to the contrary ; but it is hard enough to generate conviction in a statement which is next door to miraculous. There a no fixed limit to human life, but human life is not therefore of an arbitrary length. A ma eight feet high is a rarity and a giant ; a ma eighty feet high is a fiction. No one can mention the exact distance beyond which a rifle can throw a ball, but we may be pretty certain no rifle ever yet threw a ball to miles. It follows that, as a first step, we must cast aside the discussion of these traditionary of gentlemen until we have decided what is lb dead weight of scientific scepticism to be me by evidence. By observing the actual length of life of annuitants, incumbents, and other persons the length of whose days is an object not merely of seven years but of legal curiosity; we may arrive at some measure of the impi bability of considerable deviations from the ordinary standard. At least we may seek ft statements sufficiently modern to admit a verification. It is wonderful what a crop c centenarians springs up at the first cursory examination of modern records. If we look through old numbers of the Annual Register deaths of persons above 163 are recorded every year. People seem to have been the hub of dying at all kinds of unreasonable age and in various remote parts of Europe land, Calabria, or Norway-and having the deaths duly recorded in the papers of the period. In 1708 alone, three deaths are reported at the respectable ages of 117, 188, an 150\. In 1761 an ancient couple is i ported to have died at Philadelphia (Quakers are proverbially long-lived, at Always speak the truth), the husband at the age of 120 and the wife at the age of 11 having been married for ninety-eight years We are told of some laborious German wl collected considerably more than a thousand cases of persons living to upwards of a hu dred. Of these fifteen had died between the ages of 18 and 140, six between HO and It and one (our old friend Jenkins, we presum at 169. It is remarkable that people who li to this incredible extent generally do It out-of-the-way country parishes, A hundred years ago many English country district might still be considered as partially disc vered districts. As the domain of the u known recedes, the centenarians becor suspiciously scarce. They vanish, like a phoenix, the snapping turtle, or the sea-serpent before the approach of civilization. modern years, we remark that a considerable proportion of the cases of extreme age, as apparitions of the sea-serpent, are recorded American witnesses. It may be used argument as to the condition of negro slave that they are frequently quoted as five: for superhuman periods. We read slaves who have been 120 years in a family ; they have generally belonged General Washington, whose venerable nui was one of Balmain's most brilliant triumph Either slaves find their mode of life size larly healthy, or, as the sceptical may alle; their intellects are not clear enough to p Serve very accurate records of time. There is the same prima facie presumptl against all these cases that there is again ghosts. They have an extraordinary facial for appealing in places where they cannot too closely investigated. They swarm every direction just beyond your grasp, few years ago there were plenty of cases ; b the witnesses the dead and buried, and I records are lost. In remote districts, who registers have never been properly kept, ot new countries where the population b03 b: incessantly changing, they continue abound. If you trust to the evidence ignorant mind, you may get plenty of five specimens who will claim to be any age. proportion as we demand rigid proof, t proof becomes shadowy and ucsatisfacto incumbents of livings, strange as the sun meat may appear to fellows of colleges, na' live to the age of hundred. Annuity notwithstanding their proverbial vital al tv says die on. In a town where a year is paid to a large number the oldest inhabitants, not even the old inhabitants has succeeded in passing century. Among statesmen, bishops, and 1 public characters who ought to live long, purple and fine linen are conducive to lo life, no example has been produced. Of < cases cited with most confidence, many r upon the authority of tombstones, the ; sumption apparently being that the old parts of an epitaph are always be strict true that the ego is not likely to be false But, of course, if an old gentleman stated before his death that he was 110 and enjoyed the kind of celebrity which the mere fact of living confers in a country village, his executors would hardly omit from his tombstone what was probably his chief claim to be remembered. It is pointed out besides, that owing to the perversity and blunders of masons even epitaphs are not invariably consistent with themselves. In one case it appears, by a comparison of dates, that a gentleman must have died thirty years before the birth of his wife and in another, that an old lady, said to be 102 at her death, cannot have married till she was past 100. It might be supposed that an educated man should know his own age, were it not that the process by which a fiction gradually imposes upon its author is only too familiar to every one who likes to tell a story. To believe your own lies in the first step in the art of lying gracefully. A certain respectable dissenting minister used to draw crowded houses by announcing that he would preach at the age of more than 100. no corroborated his statement by a lively account of a battle in which he had won distinction in his youth. When the old gentleman died, aged 107 in the odour of sanctity, it appeared, by examining a register, that the battle had been fought before his birth. The evidence for such cases cannot be sufficiently weighed till a proper allowance has been deducted for enormous lying. When an old man's brain is growing gradually bewildered, it would be hard to grudge him the harmless gratification of spinning incredible james. West should listen to him patiently, and assume him to have passed through adventures enough to fill several successive transmigrations. We need not be too incredulous if he professes to have been at the storming of Quebec or the battle of Culloden ; but we need not afterwards accept his statements as evidence of anything but imaginative power. We believe, therefore, that the party in favour of human longevity have failed to establish their case. No instance has been produced at which it is quite impossible to civil, and the gradual shrinking of the dimensions of such stores, as they advance into cloarday light from the mists of tradition, as a highly suspicious circumstance. Wo utterly disbelieve in Jenkins. We have our doubts ever about that old Countess of Desmond, " who lived to the ego of the and died by a full from a cherry tree then." Putting aside those extreme cases, it seems more probable that people may have sometimes over east the bound of the century by some three or four years. Cases have been produced in which the evidence for an age of 100 or 10-1 seems tolerably conclusive. Indeed, one venerable old lady appears to have convinced Sir George Lewis that she had succeeded, not only, in living to 100, but in cracking nuts with her teeth afterwards. Her brain was recorded in the register of a neighbouring parish, and there seems to have been no reasonable ground for doubting g her identity. Without giving in our adherence till more well-authenticated instances have been produced, we shall not be prepared to Bay, à priori, that any such claim was necessarily fictitious. It is a pity that the experiment should not be tried. Philosophers have submitted to breed nests of disgusting insects in their own flesh, with a view to investigating their natural history. Devotees of science have submitted to martyrdom in tho shape of disease, discomfort, and torment of every kind. Why should not some one, of a healthy constitution, place himself in the most favourable circumstances, and see how long he can manage to live? It would, no doubt, be rather dull but the results obtained would be valuable. When we see the vitality that remains in men like Lord Brougham or our noble Premier after all the wear and tear of exciting lives, we can hardly doubt that, if they had given their minds to it, they might have reached a fabulous length of years. Scientific men should endeavour to catch a young Lord Brougham; they should prevent him from over- exciting himself; they should keep him carefully out of Parliament and away from the bar, and endeavour to concentrate his whole faculties upon the one object of continuing to exist. We believe that the life of such a man might be to others what the prize turnip shown in pictorial advertise merit is to the turnip of common life. Perhaps some of those half-crowns which are given to agricultural labourers for raising six teen children without assistance from the parish might be diverted, in the interests of science, to a premium upon long life. In course of time we should possibly learn how to acquire a faculty which is often desired, though some people may think its advantage questionable. 1 B^^jat^cm-nrnmm 