THE NEWS OF THE DAT. Tho sitting of the Legislative Council, last even ing, was chiefly remarkable for tho somewhat singular action taken by that branch of tho Legislature with regard to tho Constitution Law Consolidation Bill. On tho motion for tho second reading of the moasure, Mr Follows movod an amendmont that it bo read a second timo that day six months. In support of tho amondmont, he urged a number o£ objections to tho measure, but they wero all of tho most trivial character ; and, as Mr Hervoy justly remarked, the faults pointed out could bo easily remedied by tho Council, and tho Assombly would probably agree to tho amendments. If not, tho Council could then tako tho stop new proposed. This, however, did not suit Mr Fellows, who is, no doubt, conscious that his particular forto lies rather in objeoting than amonding ; and tho bill was con sequently thrown out. Tho Legislative Assombly, last evening, sanctioned tho proposition presented by tho hon. tho Treasurer for a loan of £500,000 towards supplying the country districts with water. Mr Verdon lmvinr» hrJofW explained tho financial portion of the questicn, Mr Sullivan entorod at somo length into the particulars of tho schomo proposed by tho Government. Tho total cost of tho various works which it is contem plated to carry out is set down at £1,101,700, and tho difference between that hul-5 and £500,000, tho amount of tho loan it is intended to obtain from tho revenues arising from, or from tho Balo or lease of tho Yan Yean wator works. Mr Gillies moved, aa an amendment, that tho loan shoald bo increasod to £1,000,000, so that tho works should bo carried out without any rufcrenco to tho Yan Yean ; but ultimately tho original motion wao carriod. Tho schodulo of tho proposed scheme will bo found in another column. A Govornmcnt Gazette extraordinary was pub lished last evening, containing a proclamation with drawing from selection a number of allotments ill tho agricultural areas of Yuppeckiar, Nanapundah, Eurambeon, Wooduaggerak, Colvinsby,. Burnewong, Bonthorambo, Drummui-phy, and Benalla. The allotments havo beon withdrawn in consequence of their lying in th® projectod lines of raiiways from Hamilton to Balloarat and from Gcornong to Albury.. A progress report of tbo committco cn tho do fences of the colon/ was presented to tho Legisla Iativo Assembly last evening. Tho document will bo found' in another column. It recommends that tho sum of £100,000-' Bhould bo immediately ex pended in- procuring guns and ammunition for tho colony? that a member of tho Houso cf Com mons should be nppoiutod agent to roprosonfc this colony in England-; aud that in ordor to give full effect' to the recommendations of tho report, a member- of tho Government should proceed to England, to pross upon, tho Imporial Government the claims of tho colony, in relation to its defences. We learn from 'our Ibcal correspondent that but littls interest was takon,. yesterday, in tho land selections at Sandhurst, in consequonco of tho in ferior quality of the land-declared open. Tho total area solootod was 0975 aoros, out of 2-1,195 acres, and tho amount of money rocoivod £303 10s. MoBt of tho selectors woro bor.aifitle. At tho meeting of tho Fitzroy borough council, yesterday, ovoning, tho business transacted was purely of a routine character, Tho only exception, if it can be- called an ciccciion in that council, was a repetition of a stormy recriminative dobato on a motioa. about footbridges, tabled by Or. Dolbridgo.. An amondraent was moved, and a regulur tompest of invoctivos followed, such as, '-I never heard such bungling, nonsense ' You'ra perfectly ignorant of tha mutter;' 'You don't know what you're talking., about ;' ' You'ro per fectly uu£lt to bo o* a committee ' You'ro not oapablo o£ understanding, tho subject under con sideration-;' togothor with -an abundance of equally candid compliments. In-, this wordy arena the palm, bayond disputo, musii bo awarded to Cr; M'Kean, tflio, in height of body and voice, exerted himself,' as if turbulonco alone wore tha grand panacea for all municipal ills. We rogrot having to record anothor great mis fortune to Mr Hurtle Fisher, in the death of his celebratcil racer and blood- entiro, 'Fisherman'' which tcok placo, yesterday- morning, at tho Mari byrnong stables. He had. beon suffering for tho last fortnight from a disease in tho nook, resembling diphtheria in tho human being ; but tho nature of the disordor.i:annot bo ascertained until aftor tho post mortem -axamination, which is to tako placo this morning. Fisherman was ono of tho purest blood- horses ovor imported. His siro was Horon by Bustard) and dam Mainbrace by Sheotanchor ; and1, his value may be estimated by the fact that Mr Fishor had been offered £7000 for him, on boing: landediback again in England. Ho was twolvo years old, and won moro racos than any horso standing to cover in England ever run for ; win ning seventy out of ono hundred and twonty races, including all distances up to four milos and a quBiftor. His doath may bo cousidored a great loss,, not only to tho ontorprising owner, but also to the colony at largo. The only casos in iho Sichmond court, yester day, woro ono of drunkeuness, the deliuquoni being fined in tho usual amount ; ono against WiUiam Williams, for stealing a goose, which, although of vory suspicious nature, was dismissed, frcm the absence of tho principal witness ; and. a number of petty suits. Tho mayor and Mosora E-osisto and M'Crao oacupiod tho bench. Tho Talbot Loader says : — ' We continually hear instances of largo quantities of gold having escaped from crushing machines and puddling machines, and thereby great loss boing caused to the owners of the washdirt or quart a, as tho case may be. Tho following incident is so strikingly illustrative of tho fact that it is worthy of notice : — Somo timo- ago a party ef moil cleared out a largo waterholo- in tho blind crook at the roar of tho township at M'Cal lum's Croek, and removed tho tailings deposited therein from a crushing machine worked in a primi tive manner several years ago, the motive power being a horse. Somo hundreds of louds of theso tailings havo fceeu crushed, and the last lot, consist ing of eighty tons, yielded gold to tho value of £220. Tho tailings from tho crushing maohine on Sydnoy Roe2 havo bean purchasod by Mr Johnson, quartz crusher, for Is per load, and he is carting them aud crushing thom at his machine, and obtain ing a good profit.' A honajldc ghost, and ono, too, of a rather lively tomporament, appoars to havo put in an appearance in tho neighborhood of Castlomaino. Tho M. A. Mail gives tha following particulnjs relativo to tho _ pranks of tho supernatural visitor : — ' If a largo number of persons aro to bo i»lieved, there is a noted ' bleak' house, situate not a hundred miles from the junction of tho Campboll's Creek and Tar rengower roads, which for somo months past has. been tho scouo of nightly visitations of restless souls who have rccrossed the Styx. The tonant of the house is a brawny blaoksmith, not likely to. be easily scared, but both ho and his family maiatain that, in a certain room of tho houso, there ara ni»htly such strange goings-on, such unearthly noises, suoh jumping about of chaii-s and tables, ac companied by sizauge moans and grsaus, that it is impossible for any of them to sloop, yet on entering iho room all is aa qaiet one still as tho air when the winds aro hushed. No sooasr, however, is the daw of Iho apartawt j closed, than the pranks and frolics ar-» resumvi witii | redoubled vigor, aor do thoy QQMQ tiU daylight ^ ? appear. It is currently reported lli.it incredulous neighbors have passed portions of tho niglit in tho house, nnd that tho cxpcrionce of all verifies tho statement of tho blacksmith. Among tho number of persons nlludod to is an cnergetic member of tho borough council, and a well-known Bonifaco, born of no pale-faced fear. It is farther stated that an appeal has beon mado to a celebrated nautical cap tain of tho district, whoso long acquaintance with father Neptune, it is supposed, may have mado him sufficiently knowing to enable him to exorcise these airy visitants from tho abode of their present midnight revelries. In the meantime, it is u fact that tho blacksmith is about to seek other quarters, where it is to be hoped his slumbers may bo as calm as an infant's upon its mother's breast.' At a genoral meeting of the Prahran and South Yarra Rifles, held at tho orderly room of tho corps on Tuesday evening last, tho fol'owing members were nominated to fill tbo oflico of sergeant. Corporal Leplastrier, Corporal Wilson, Privato l'itts and | Corporal Hill, ono of whom will ho soloctcd to fill tho vacancy by tho Colonel Commandant. Tho Ilivorine Herald says : — ' lu a late issno wo remarked upon tho extraordinary number of salt water bream which have of lato been seen in the Campaspo. Their numbors increase every day, and yestorday tho shoals of those fish swimming at tho surface of the water was something wonderful. Tho blacks wero busy spearing them with great success, and somo amateurs also mot with sport. Wo cannot learn that they will tako a fly, or that thoy can bo angled for in any ordinary way.' Tho Queensland Guardian, of tho 5th inst., says: ? ? ' jg generally rumored that tho Government has recoivod tenders from tho A.S.N. Company for the establishment of a 'iao of stoam communication between the north ports of this colony and Singa pore. Tho amount for whioh the work is proposed to bo done is stated at £00,000 ; four vessels to be employed upon it. It is also stated that tenders for tho performance of work of a similar oharacter for £-15,000 havo been received from a Singapore company.' The Daylesford Mercury is vory wroth at tho mal sppropriation, by the town council, of a portion of the municipal funds. The said mal-appropriation consists in tbo purchaso of au album, at a cost of somo 7s Gd, in whioh tho portraits of present and future town councillors aro .to bo carefully pro served. In the Supremo Court, yesterday, before his Honor tho Chief Justice, tho only action of which the trial was completed was 1'hain v. Hodgson, an action on a bill of exchange for £320, in which a verdict wbb given for tho defendant. Thain v. Howie was withdrawn. Do La Chapollo v. Downie, aa action for alleged wrongful eviction of tho plaintiff aa lessee of the Alhambru dancing saloon, nttached to the Australia Felix Hotel, in which the damages were laid at £2000, was not concluded whon tho court roso, Tho Lincolnshire, which arrived in Hobsou'a Bay yesterday morning, has brought out a number of ferrets, parrots, and dorking and bantam fowls, se lected by Mr Thutuher. Thoy are in good order, aud reflect credit on Mr Webb, who has personally supervised their treatment on the passage. ' Surely the good times havo not passed away jet' is the conclusion arrived at by tha Riverine Herald, and for which it gives tho following as a reason: — 'Wo were much amused, yesterday, at being shown by n squatter an acconnt against a workman employed by him, furnished by a publican in Echuoa, for a two days' spree. From this unique document it would appear that, in that short space, he had beon provided with 128 nobblers, one gallon of alo, ono bottle of tho same bevorago, and ono bottlo and half-pint of gin! With all this 'intolerable quantity of seek,' wo find that in the same spaco of timo, good ness only knows how, ho managed to consume seven breakfasts, four dinners aud threo teas ; and, aa bo eliose to go homo royally, ho is furthor dobited with eob biro to the amount of twenty- five shillings, and five shillings toll, which had also beon liberally paid for him.' An inquest was held, yesterday, nt tho Melbourno Hospital, on tho body of Honora Horton, tbo woman who made such a determined attempt upon her own life, by cutting her throat with a razor, last Wednes day week, at Emerald-hill. The deceased had been admitted to tho hospital, and evory possible means taken to aid her recovery, hot, in spite of tho atten tions of tho resident surgeons, sbo died on Tuesday night. Tho jury returnod a verdict of death from two self-inflicted wounds in tho throat. In tho equity court, yesterday, Mr Justico Moles worth made an order of reference for tho appoint ment of a committee of tho estato aud person of Joseph Buchanan, a lunatic ; and reserved bis deci sion in tho appeal of John Brown against a decision of tbo Commissioner of Insolvency, refusing tho appellant his certificate of discbarge. Tho leu rued judge said that, aa ho would bo engoged to-duy in the criminal jurisdiction, ho could not sit in equity ; but that should tho criminal sessions last up to Thursday next, ho would dit for au hour on that day to dispose of pressing business. Wo learn that ft number of notices from various squatters was recoivod at tho Board of Laud and Works, yesterday, protesting against their runs being declared open for selection, and claiming a pre emptive right of purchase over tho whole of them in accordance with the Orders in Council. A singular instanco of misused means and con firmed drunkenness was furnished at tho police ?court, Richmond, on Tuesday, in the person of a confirmed drunkard, named Eliza Marsham, brought up on the customary chargo of inebriety. It appeared that from January, 18G3, to tho 2Gth of last month, she has spent, in tho aggregato convic tiofifl, twenty months in gaol. Being in receipt of au income oE £8 por month, the amount, of course, accumulates during her imprisonment, aud on tho last dato mentioned she had £17 when liberated. Tho whole of this amount was spent during the short period of eighteen days, and for her excess at the finish she was brought up on tho present occa sion. Tho mayor, who occupied tho bench, soeing from tho police records how incorrigible she was in tho indulgonco of her besetting sin, sentenced her to a year's imprisonment; as the only possiblo means of keeping her sober. At the Footscray police court, yesterday, J. R. Milner summoned C. Wilson and — Bunnell for non compliance with the Dog Act, and they were fined 10s and 10s costs each. The borough council sued Patrick Hayes for rates and costs to the amount of £12 13s; a cheque was handed up for the amount, but the bench decided that 7s 6d additional must be paid as costs. The borough council summoned J. R. Miles, late a member of the council, for de taining fifteen receipts and forty debentures. F. Anderson, being sworn, stated he had applied to Mr. Miles for certain documents belonging to the coun cil, which he refused to deliver up. Mr Miles said he was ready to give up the documents as soon as he had consulted his colleague, and after the coun cil had withdrawn or erased his name from the de bentures. The bench inquired if the council had not passed a bye-law respecting them. Mr Miles believed not. The court then gave Mr Miles dis tinctly to understand that, if the council passed a resolution to that effect, the documents must be de livered up by Saturday, at the latest; if they had not, the case would stand adjourned to Wednesday next. The case of Mrs Moore, a widow with six children, was brought before the bench ; it was proved the family woro in a most dostituto condition. Threo of the children, Thomas, Eliza and Jane Moore, aged respectively nine, seven aud five yoars, were sent 4o tho industrial schools for sevon years. The following account of a daring robbery, which wes accompanied with sad results, and whioh was perpetrated at Campboll's Creek, near tho Tarren gawer-road, is given by the M. A. .Mail:— 'A young married woman, wifo of one Emmerson, who is a driver for Mr AdiB, the carrier, left her home about half-past four in tho afternoon, and proceeded to Castlemaino to deliver somo work sho had in hand. On her return, aliuiit an hour and a half afterwards, she discovered that tho house had been broken into, and completely ransacked. Among the articles carried away wore tho bod clothes, even to tbo pillow-slips, which had beon taken from tbo pillows, three gold rings, a silver watch and gold chain, a ono pound note, aud a jar of sugar. Iu their search too, tho thieves had trampled her best bonnet under foot, and destroyed it. They appear to havo made a first attempt to cuter tho premises by tho front window, but eventually by a back one, which they forced open with a small crowbnr, the instrument being found among tho clothes on tho floor. No clue to the perpetrator or perpetrators of this cruel robbery has yet been obtained, but a certain well-known oliaractcr is strongly Buspected. Tha effect on tho poor woman has been most lamontablo. On tho day after tho robbery sho was taken in' labor, which led to a miscarriage, and at the present moment sho lies in a most precarious state. A subscription is about to bo mado in hor behalf, and it is to bo hopod that the appeal will be liberally responded to, as the poor woman ia really much in need of assistance.' A very numorously attended meeting, in connection with the Melbourno and Suburban City Mission, was hold iu tho St. Kilda town ball, on Tuesday night. The chair was taken by J. M'Bain Esq., M.L.A, The four missionaries wero present aud addressed tho meeting, giving a short account of tbeir labors in tlw various districts iu which thoy aro employed. Tho plain matters of fact whioh they brought forward wero such ua to show the urgent need of tho mission. The [various denomi nations wero woll represented, and tho succeeding speeches strongly advocated tho claims of tho mis sion on the sympathy and liberality of tho Christian community. Tbo entire procoeds of tho meeting will, it is believed, amount to upwards of thirty pounds. The valuo of tho privileges conferred by tho 42nd clause of the Land Act is thus referred to by tho Ararat Advertiser: — ' Tho extent to which tho 42nd clauso of tho Amending Land Act ia boing made available for settlement about the Pleasant Creek gold-fields is something wonderful ; and tbo benefits it will confer on tho community will bo immense. Most of the applications are for areas of twenty acreB in gullies and flats adjacent to the gold-fields, wliero tbo licensees intend to cultivate a few acrcs of ground for raising horso feed and othor produco. The privilege given undor these licenses will be very great, and will add much to the permanonco of our population. Tho increased revenue to tho Slato from these small holdings will amount throughout tho colony to hundreds of thousands of pounds within a few years. It is tho greatest Btrido that has over been made towards supplying tho gold-fields population with homes of their own, and a practi cable aud profitable settlement upon the lands of tho colony.' With regard to tho second arrest of Cousen, the Talbot storekeeper, on a chargo of rapo, tho Loader say b : — ' Considerable excitement wos created in Tal bot on Saturday evening, by tho police again arresting James Cousen, tho storekeeper, on a chargo of rape, tho presumed victim being tbo samo as in the pre vious caso, wheu it appeared that tho polico had obtained fresh evidence ia tho caso. Tho proceed ings in tho Talbot police court, yestorday, were chiefly confined to tbo discussion of certain legal points, Mr Hoskins, who appeared for the prisoner, contending that no justification could b' shown for arresting Cousen after tho case had been so amply invostigated before, and ho bad been discharged by the bench. After several arguments between Mr Hoskins and Mr Samuels (the latter appearing to prosecnte) the prisoner was romanded till Thursday, bail being refused. During tbo day, tbo father of the girl, Thomas Wolfendale, was sued for neglect ing to pay tbo amount por week ordered by tbo bench for her maintenance, and an adjournment to Thursday likewise took placo. Shortly after tho adjournment of tbo court, and, as the father and mothor were leaving, in a dray, the girl begged of them to tako her home, and tliey~ were about to do so when tho police intorfered and detained hor.' The cases beard at tho city polico court, yester day, wero few in number, and woro not of great im portance. Joseph Clark, for stealing two fowls, tbo properly of Mrs Margaret Gardiner, of Little Bourko-street, was sent to gaol for three months. Thomas Williams, charged with assaulting aud rob bing John Smith, in Melbourno, in company with two other men, on tho 3rd of February last, was committed for trial ; and John Meadows, who had been remandod on a charge of stealing theatrical property belonging to Mr Manly, was now sent to gaol for two months with bard labor. Mr Frederick William Pender is again in trouble. On Tuesday he was admitted to bail on a chargo of drunkenness, but failed to make his appearance at the city polico court, yesterday. Tho offenco is not a very gravo' ono, but tho offondoi-'s conduct appears somewhat strange. It appears that early yesterday morning ho went to tho stablo of tho hotel whero ho usually puts up and took away his horse, leaving be hind him tho saddle and bridlo, at the same time for getting to pay for the bait of bis Bucephalus. Ho also lo!t bis watch, which is now in the posses sion of tho police. Tbo upshot of tho affair was that the court estreated his bail. Another very serious mining accident occurred at Eendigo, on Tuesday, in tho claim of the Catherine Iteef United Company, Eaglebawk, by which threo men wero injured, two of them very dangerously. Tho Advertiser says: — 'It appeared that a Bhot had beeu put into the rock and had missed fire. The throe men, named respectively James Brown, James Mitchell and James Case, wero engaged in taking the shot out of tho hole in which it had been placed, and for this purpose were using a steel drill, when the steel struck against a Btoue, oreating a Bpark, which caused tho shot to explode. Brown was very severely burnt aud injured by tho stoue upon tho breast, largo pieces of quart 7, having been imbedded in tho flesh. The ulna of the left arm was broken, while both arms were much burnt and laenratod by tho stono. Tho faco was scorched and lacerated ; tho left eye destroyed, and tbo right eyo so much injured that it is doubtful whether it will bo possible to savo it ; tho temple artery, also, was torn by a piece of quartz which was imbedded in the muscles. Mit chell was injured in a similar way about tho breast and arms, the right hand and arm most seriously, while it was found necessary to amputate tho little finger of that hand. Tho faco and head, also, were much injured. Caso also received some injuries, | but they wore slight in comparison. Dr. Sorley was callod in to see the unfortunate men. He dressed their wounds temporarily, and then, ac companied by Mr Eyre, tho manager of tho reef, superintended tho bringing of Brown aud Mitchell to the hospital. O u making inquiries at that in stitution last evening, wo were told that Brown was progressing favorably, but that Mitchell still continued insensible. It is not a fortnight since a aerious accident occurred to a miner namod Timothy Taylor in preoiBely the same way. It is time tho practice of using iron in tho preparation of blasts was effeotually put an end to.' An instance of good fortune occurred on Friday laBt to a miner named Jamioson, who has for some time past been working as a 'hatter' in tho various shallow workings in the neighborhood of Talbot. While fossicking in a gully iu tho vicinity of the Mia Mia, ho unearthed a nugget weighing 10 oz 2 dwt, and two hours' labor res ultod in an addi tional £10 worth of gold Talbot Leader, June 13. 