NEWS BY THE MAIL. William Steevens, a cleaner of engines on the Bristol and Exeter Railway, was brought before the Taunton Police-court for involving the mail train in a perilous situation. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the work of the day, and at half-past 3 on the following morning to light the fire so that steam could begot up by C o'clock, and the labours of anothor day commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire and filling .the boiler with a sufficient quantity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freakinto bis head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Accordingly about midnight he lighted the fire of the engine, got up the steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to compress the steam, it blew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarming the inhabitants living near the line of railway. The watchman on one of the bridges was sorely al&ighted; at seeing an engine tearing madly along, backwards and forwards, with a sulitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion, in the darkness of the night, that either a ghost, or the Evil One himself, had obtained the mastery over it. In one ot his excursions Steevens was about to enter the main line oldie Bristol and Exeter Railway but he fortunately heard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A minute i>r two later aud tho consequences would have been fearful to contemplate. At length, tired uf his ri-le. he took the Busy Bee back to the station, and lay down by the side of it to await tiie arrival of the driver. At half-past 4 tho driver reached the scene, but when about 100 yards from it the engine blew up with a fearful espl'.-sion, the cleaner having neglected to pint more sv:itec mt-> the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story remains to be told. Tho cleaner, though close to the engine, was uninjured, owing to-lying down. He certainly was frightened, the driver asserting that when he came up to him his hair, stood-on an end, like quills upon the fretful porcupine." Fo?" this freak he was sentenced to -a month's imprisonment, with hard labour. Emily Sophia Blake, the daughter of a sur-' gcon at Salisbury, suddenly disturbed the familv one night by screaming violently, and . upon her father going into her room, he found her in a state of great agony and fear. She thought she" was dying. Medical men were sent for, aud, upon being pressed, she admitted that she had taken some pills, and pointed out the bos from whence she took them. Those pills, she said, were given to her by Mr William John Storer, formerly au assistaut to her father, but who had been dismissed from his situation about three weeks before in consequence of his payins attentions to Miss Blake, and asking her hand in marriage. After about an hour and a half of continued bain, Miss Blake died. Storer was afterwards apprehended, and brought before the bench of magistrates. He entered the dock with a nonchalant air, and is a young fellow of dashing exterior and bombastic manner. /Że was cautioned not to say anything, in the absence of professional advice ; but he persisted in mating i long statement, in which he energetically asserted bis innocence. He was finally remanded to await the resu it of a post mortem, examination.—At the inquest which subsequently took place, Dr Taylor proved that strychnine was the cause of the young lady's death. He found that poison in the pills, and also iu the stomach. One of the pills, he said, might possibly have been taken without fatal results, two would have been highly dangerous, and the taking ef three would be certain to prove fatal. Some letters were produced which appeared to show that a too lintimatca connection had subsisted between Miss Blakeandher father's., assistant, Mr >Storer aud the pills seemed to have been compounded by the latter with the design of obviating consequences, thongh Dr Taylor said he was not aware that strychnine was ever prescribed for that purpose. The jury did not find a verdict of "Wilful murder," but one of manslaughter only. He was committed for trial. , At the Leeds Town-hall a respectably-dressed, middle aged woman, named Eliza TJenison, was charged with bigamy. It appeared that the prisoner had been married three times; all her husbands being alive. About 10 years ago she was married to John Denison, at the. Leeds parish church ; iu April last she was united to -John Newsam,atSt Jude's Church, Hucslet ; and a few days ago she again entered the matrimonal state with William Boocock, at jill Saints'Church- She. was apprehended on information given by her first husband. The prisoner, who bad nothing to say in answer to the charge, was coc imitted for trial at the next assizes,- none of her husbands being prepared to bail her. . A sort of poultry plague is raging amongst the unfortunate fowls in ^he environs of Paris and to so serious an extent that several breeders have lost all : their fowls in the course of a day or two, Orders have been given in. all the markets to prevent poultiy thus dying from being offered for salef --• . " " A committee of the Senate will be appointed -for the purpose of drawing up a report of the progress made by France'in literature,, science, and art. This report is to be ready for the opening'of the Exhibition "of.1867. • A silver stattic 'af Napoleon 1-, the gift of the present . emperor,. has just" been placed in .the Salle Napoleon of the Muśe des Souverains at the Louvre. It is of the size of life, but the hair, it is evident, has not been silvered by -age, for the emperor is represented as a boy in the costume of a pupil of the school pfBrienńe. On arecenV&naday; aibull;fiEht took place at the Paris Hippodrome. The.first bull which .appeared in the-arena was .so nervous at the sight of the crowd, of spectators that he jjrudentiy returned into the: toril, ;amid the hisses and "groans of the people; „The other two bulls, which looked very harmless, were a little worried by two toreadors flapping radicloaks.before^their eyes biit nothing qjore . serious was attempted. •Another ball-fight was advertised to take place on Sunday, August 20, at Mesa, a town near Montpellier, and wooden benches were raised round the circus. Sisjth"6asand spectators were seated when a cracking was . beard and they were seen rolling on thecrutjd, -Very many dangerously wounded- At tk moment of the accident a bull entered the arena and struck right and left. The first victims were a mother aud a daughter, who were raised from the ground on the homs of the boll and thrown to a great distance. 