THE PRESIDENT OP THE QUEENSLAND ' LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The torriblo oalamtty has been averted, at least for a time, and once more the oonntry breathes freely. Painfal irak tSe sense of destitution taat pervaded the public mind when ibo stinting announcement came lrom the President's ohalr on Tuesday that the Hon. Oolosol O'Connell lound it no longer consistent with his own dignity and sense of right ti continue to direot the deliberatioas sf our colonial House of Lords. Had a shell from a Yandee gunboat soddenly fallen through tho roof of the ohamher, 'and exploded on the table before the dork, or had Blaok Hod started from his armchair and-commencer! a vigorous performance of tho " Nervous Onros," the consternation and horror could hardly liavo been moro in- tonso. To bsa in an instant, at .one fell blow, their dulce docus ot titomen, was enough to maka eaoh particular hair of each particular senator stand on end lite &<?. lt entirely países onr compre- hension how Mr. Bramston managed to retain Bulllciont solf-o?mmnnd to utter a feiv soutenoeB. If we could liavu n photograph of tho scene, no doubt every other , honorable member would ho reprcnt'ntod prostrntu and i j pa-.ting.' Atti naturally to, too ; for il was no cummer cibui (bit orero»rn» (bam, bo» ina 'Jtleketting darkness of a faerribl* eelipee. We qaeetíriu whether, even when tatra appeared a remote possibility of tb« coton» bsñnt; deprived of ? hs tarrion of Ur. Jordan, generad-cacito ' rant rote so high, or whether the sadden resignation of the present Hinteler for Lands and Works, sove years ago, stirred sosiety to aneh deep depths. Raptaren», therefore, and universal, would be the rebound in every truly patriotra heart when the news spread from town to town, and station to atation, or trembled along the wires, that Colonel O'Connell " would continue to act aolang as the services of the colony required him' - wards indeed which, we may see by their inelegance, were not the honorable gent'oman's, but by which the reporter, in hi* own awkward way," expressed no donalt correctly enough the sentiments of the apeaker. If so, then Queensland a herself again. Bat, de-onndiag from heroics to common-place, and s peak ¡ni; In sober aeriousneas, what right has the Pré- sidant of tba Lagisl ttive Council to set himaelf up oa saab very high stilt«? He is, beyond all questloo, a most respect-ble gentleman-i moid of ali th-, pro» tvietie*. We qutwtien whether there could be found at the anti, o'el one more sans r «proche. If he wisliei to enter boly orders to-morrow, aaa could pass the examinations, no bishop need hesitate to lay his hand« on such a candidate. Colonel O'Connell is one to whom the proverbially fickle gadd »s has not been fickle at all. ' Having embraced tbe prof»««ion of anns, he might have been left, to ae*k tbe bubble réputation in the cannon's mouth ; he might have be»n rt q tired to suffira Bo'dier's hardships, and do a soldier's work, till his health wss brok-n, his' prim* of lite past, and everything lost except banoar. Bat then hs would never have Wei Government res'dent at Furt Curtis, with salary and other advantages " eqnal to athoapanl a year in Brisbane," nor could be hara been now rVti dentof the Legislative Council with a salary of £600 a year for nerrima performs! in three or four months annually by ? working on an average twp cr three honra, for' two or three days a week, nor oonld ha have bees now commanding ofBoer of Volunteers with , another hundred towards bis stable expenses. There mast be something deranged in Oolonel O'Connell's: moral nature, if be is rot very grateful indeed to Providence for the. fo-tunea and favours showered upon Lim.- Many a man could be as respectable as Colonel O'Connell if they only had his advantages. No sycophant that we know of ever accused the honorable gentleman of commanding talent, bnt, by his b'amelessness of conduct and deportnsental dignity, be haa hitherto disarmed critiotsm. (What then possessed the honorable gentleman ti oourt contempt and ridicule ? He stood ao fairly on bia hieh pedestal, that it is a pity to sea him full down voluntarily on the pavement, and mutilate hisfeitures unnecessarily. He might have stood where he was till his oraek of doom, had he been so minded, and no tongue wagged at bim. Bat ni», we grieve to ray it, by atretohing himself at full lon4th across the public thoroughfare, be seems to court contumely. Peculiar diseases attaoh to pirtloular trades and oalllngs in life. The disorder that predominates amcng Government officials is a mental one, and it takes the form of this idea - that, once let a mau put on tba public livery, and the oountry roust provide for him for ever. To hear some of our Barnacles talk, a stranger ' might bs led to suppose that it required an immenso streich of patriotism and self denial .to hold an appointment in the oivil service. " See," they'say, "how long we hive terved-how deeply "the country is indebted tons.' -We always feel itiolined to retort,.'" Consider how long the country has liberally remunerated you for taking Jife very ea-ily, and how grateful you o-'glit to bs in retnro." Colonel O'Connell talks of turnkeys and inferior officers, but we question whether, if he. h id deoided on giving up his oarriage, he would admit any obligation to provide for his coachman. The sooner gentlemen who enter the publio" service cease tb retard 'themselves as having a vested right in. the publio revenue, tbs better 1 and the. sooner the gentlemen who have the oontrtl of that revenue disabuse their minds of such an idea, the better also...._."'' '. The lines have, fallen , ta Colonel. O'Connell in very {ilessant plaoo«, and he has had a goodly heritage ie belonga to tbs class of enfuis gate«. Nono bat a gentleman very much spoilt indeed would say that the refusal of the Assembly to grant bim an inquiry showed that tbe colony was determined to ind ot on bim. a grievous wrong. It has yet to be proved that any wrong has been committed, and the case must be argued before a judge somewhat iesB partial than the Ê' era'on to whom it is alleged to have beca sustained, lui. Colonel O'Connell asiumea. the right of delivering Judgment.. - "It ia. not ooaeiatent," he'says "with my character, or with the honourable position I haye ? hitherto held in life/ to continue in office in a colony which seems determined to inflict on me so. previous a wrong." ïhk plainer 'English wonld be, "My pride rebels at having my request refused ; and, as you will not give me what I want, I will no longer reoeive what you otfflr' J-petulant and childish certainly, and by ho means aalonlaied to inórense the Presiden.'a reputation for good temper and 1:03d sense. ' ' Mo one can doubt that if Colonel O'Connell had any olaim at all on tbs score of past servio s, the liability attaohed to New b'outh Wal«', and not to Queensland. New South Wale», however, seams to have repudiated the olaim, an i Queensland (ijenerously enough, we think), rather than be even aiisp°otedof injustice, con- ferred on Colonel O'Connell a very honorable office, which ¡B almost a aineenre, an I to, which a handsome salary is attached.. If Colonel O'Connell had been wise, lie would luve accepted this frankly, and said quits. To hanker af or the bread of i-iieness in the prime of life, whon' easy, well- paid, honorable employment is offered, is not noble-is not creditable , anti we deeply regret that a gentleman in Colonel O'Connell's potition and with his reputation, ahould have offcrol to our little colonial .world such a spectaole. Better things might have been experted from bim. Bnt, as we have said, the Government livery, when once donned, engen- ders in the minds of thoss who wear it thoughts and feelings from which men of houor and refinement who never sported the costume are happily exempt. It is very desirable that people who enter the public servio» ahould be given to under-tand cléîrly, once for all, what they are to expert. We commiserate most sincerely the humiliating position into which O )lonel O'Connell has allowed himself to be drawn. Snob, th'ngs ought not to be possible. There ought to be . well-defined principles, and a uniform system,- from whioh there should be'no departure ; and the soundest priaoiple and bes', system, we think, wonld be that a man should be used and well-paid while he is wanted, and his scrricoi dlnpensol with ai seen as there is no farther occasion for them. It is too mnoh to ask tbat because the country has employe! a man onoe it akould be bound to pro rice for him for life.-Queensland Times, September 9. ! A Tx* KKK ADVOCÁIS.-The following speoimen of a spread eagle lawyer's i-Ioqnenee needs no comment : ?i Thou^Bhalt not «vii !" Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the/command as slick as grease, and as plump asst goose-egtt in a loafer's fio». Gentlemen, murder ls murder, whether committed by twelve jury- men or an humble individu il like my oiient, having killed a man ; bnt is that any reason why yon should do soi' Nosuoh thing, gentlemen; yon may bring the prisoner in guilty ; the hangman may do his daly ; - but that will not exonerate you. lNo suoh thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day f Who, freemon-who In ibis land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will plodge my word not one of you have a bowie' knife or a pistol lo your picket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with tbe 1 erfumes of cifrar-esees and tobacco. "You oan smoke the tobacco cf rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; bot bang my unfortunate o'.lent and the sonly alligators of remorse will gillop through tbe internal principal animal viscera, until the s sinai vertebres of your anatomical construction ls turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlomen t Beware of committing murder ! Beware leay of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gen. tlemen, I adjure yon by the manumitted ghosts of temporal tooiety, to do no morden -1 adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tioking time- piece of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure, by the love you have for the eson lent and condiments! gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder I I adjure you by the stars set in the Hying ensign of yosr emancipated country-I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gameoo-.'k of oreation, anti: now sita roosting on the tnsgnotio telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigra- tion, to do no murJer 1 And lastly, gentlemen, if over you expeot free dogs not to bark at iou-if you ever expect to wear biota made of the Kooky mountain buffilo-and, to sum np at all, if you evor expeot to be .anything but n tot of sneaking,-loafing, rascally, cut throated, braided, -small cuds of humanity, whittled down to iriilistiuotability, acquit ray client, and eave your country." Tbo prisoner waB acquitted.] 