APPRAISEMENT OF RUNS. (From the Empire, Sept. 29.) WE this day publish the new appraise- ment of seventy-six pastoral runs, in the Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, New England, and Gwydir districts. Thus far, it will be seen, the squatters will have had no cause to complain of the valuations placed upon "their land." Indeed, the lease- holders and the appraisers appear to have agreed with each other marvellously, and everything has been conducted in the most friendly and accommodating spirit. An extract which will be found in another column, from the Walgett correspondence of the Maitland Mercury, gives some in- sight into the preparations which have been made to receive the valuators, and the cordial manner of their entertain- ment. We have no doubt that those gen- tlemen have had a very pleasant time of it, and that their country excursions have not only been cheered by a golden means of hospitality, but rendered additionally agreeable by a determination to recipro- cate the liberality of the pastoral tenants, who, for their part, have found such good reasons for being satisfied with the ap- praisers that, in only one instance, was another valuator appointed, and he seems to have had the good sense to accept the Government appraisement at once. It is pleasant to see business conducted in this manner--no wrangling or altercation of any kind, and the entire matter transac- ted, as business men say in their advertise- ments, on the most liberal terms. The whole amount of rental assessed upon these seventy-six runs is £9640, while the for- mer rental and assesments amounted to £6253, so that there is an aggregate in- crease of about fifty per cent. Squatters who may have formerly held "their land" at a rental of half a farthing an acre will now have to pay three quarters of a far- thing--no very oppressive addition to their charges, and certainly no very magnifi- cent augmentation of the revenue. But although the aggregate increase is as we have stated, it will be seen that it does not apply to every case. The Lachlan squatters have been very tenderly dealt with, the increased rental on twenty- five pastoral runs being only three hundred pounds--exactly the same amount as the total increase on thirteen runs in the fine pastoral and agricultural district of New England. Murrumbidgee has not got off so well, the rent of nine runs being raised from £643 to £1959. In the Gwydir district also, the screw has been applied with a slightly increased pressure as compared with its use in the Lachlan and New England districts, the rent on twenty-two runs being raised from £1647 to £2830. In five cases in the Lachlan district, however, and one in the Gwydir district, the old rents have been actually reduced. On the whole, then, whatever the public may think of the matter, the pastoral tenants must be highly delighted. Yet there is one aspect of the case which is not quite so cheering, even to the lucky occupants. Assuming that these appraise- ments have correctly fixed the value of the runs, what proportion will they bear to the estimated market value of those runs, as calculated by the occupants and those with whom they may have monetary transactions? According to the case put by the squatters, and which it seems that they intend to bring again before Parlia- ment, the leases of these pastoral lands are only worth five years' purchase. Not desiring to be invidious, we may request the curious inquirer to take any one of these runs, with the rental now assessed, and ascertain from some stock and station agent whether five years' purchase, or ten years', or twenty years' represents its value in the market. It is fortunate for the leaseholders that the appraisements are not likely to be insisted upon by the banks as the standard of value, for if it were so, there would soon be a lamentable collapse of "the great pas- toral interest." The most philosophic reflection in a case of this kind is that there is no help for it at least for the present. As we have not had the good fortune to secure the services of a Goyder to value the public property, the farce must go on for five years longer, and we must make the best of it; for al- though these valuations form but a small proportion of the whole appraisements now being made, we may accept them as indica- tive of the general results. Unsatisfactory as they are, they bear very favourable com- parison with the disgraceful appraisements made during the Martin Adnministration. A further source of consolation exists in the fact that there will now be periodical oppor- tunities of reconsidering these valuations, unless, indeed, Mr Forlonge's threatened revival of the tenure resolutions in a new form should lead to a tenure in perpetuity. The pastoral lands given away at reduced rentals by Dr Wilson must again be ap- praised before any very long period has elapsed; and from time to time other runs will be subject to the same process. It is something to know that the incubus so long imposed upon the lands of the country has at least been slightly stirred. To use Mr Gladstone's illustration in his address to the electors of South Lancashire, the author of the Land Laws may be compared to a policeman, who gives the public obstructors a hint to move on; and, following out the figure adopted by the eloquent Chancellor of the Exchequer, it is not necessary to rush forward in confusion, overturning everything in the way, but to keep steadily advancing. It may be that some of the leases will be renewed for ten years, and possibly the same kind of tender consideration which has al- ready had its effect upon the appraisements will bring about this indulgence in cases where there are very slender reasons for it; but still the time must come, and in the interim there must be a succession of reva- luations as the other leases fall in. Here, then, commences the era of PROGRESS in the administration of the public lands, and this is all that the people demand, though they may be excused for thinking that the impulse might have been given with a little more spirit on the present occasion. The pastoral tenants will perceive, and certainly ought to acknowledge, that all their outcries about ruin and spoliation were uncalled for. They are the spoiled children of the country, and have been treated with a degree of gentleness for which, we fear, they are not sufficiently grateful; but still the edict has gone forth, and having been once dislodged from the position where they had remained stationary for so many years, they must now move on. That the process will be as slow as they can possibly make it we may rest assured; but there is all the more need for the public to give a frequent stimulus to the motion. More especially will it be necessary to meet with the sternest oppo- sition the projected attempts to bring about another dead stop. The squatter must be compelled to disabuse his own mind of the pleasing delusion that the thousands of square miles over which his sheep run con- stitute "his land." It is a very convenient form of expression, but it does not happen to be the truth. The land belongs to the people, and its occupation by the present tenants can only be tolerated so long as the people do not need it for purposes more conductive to national prosperity. When once this is acknowledged and practically acted upon, the great land question will no longer agitate the public mind. Its pro- gressive settlement will be sure, and while that progress must be insisted upon, there will be no occasion to accelerate it after the manner of a forcible ejectment. A YANKEE ADVOCATE.-- The following specimen of a spread eagle lawyer's elo- quence needs no comment:--"Thou shalt not kill!" Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose-egg in a loafer's face. Gentleman, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client, having killed a man; but is that any reason why you should do so? No such thing, gentle- men; you may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to- day? who freeman--who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you have a bowie knife or a pistol in your pocket. No, gentle- men, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client and the scaly alli- gators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera, until the scinal vertebræ of your anatomical con- struction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentle- men! Beware of committing murder! Beware I say of meddling with the eternal prero- gative! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society, to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of woman the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's theoretical transmig- ration, to do no murder. I adjure by the mental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country--I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you expect free dogs not to bark at you--if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Rocky mountain buffalo-- and, to sum up at all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indis- tinctability, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. A CAUTIOUS NIGGER.--A negro witness, who was called to speak to the character of a brother darkey, gave a very bad one. "Do you mean to say he's a thief, sir?" thundered the cross-examinining counsel. "I'se not gwine ter say he's a tief sah," replied the witness; "buff wattesay's dis. If I vers a chicken, an' I saw dat nigga loafin' round, I'd roost high dat's all." 