The Advetiser MONDAY, AUGUST 28, 1865. AFFAIRS IN MALBOURNE appear to be passing out of the difficult into the dangerous stage. Both Houses of Parliament met, on Tuesday last, to receive the report of the joint Committees. appointed with a view to the removal of the ex isting deadlock, bat the report was, in effect, a fresh defiance. The Legislative Council "insist" upon their rights, and the House of Assembly declare them to be no rights at all. The Conference, as our readers are aware, was not appointed with immediate reference to the Appropriation-corn-Tariff Bill, but with reference to the Waterworks BUI; although, as this Bill also involves the question of die power of the Council over measures embracing finance, it was hoped that some agreement might be arrived at which in its bearings upon the Tariff difficulty might have the effect of eettling that question as well as the one immediately raised. But all such hopes have proved abortive. Each branch of the Legislature is determined and defiant; each throws the foil responsibility upon the other; and neither knows what step to take next, nor what may be the result of the steps already taken. Undoubtedly the aspect of affairs in Victoria is exceedingly threatening. Members of Parlia ment openly predict " bloodshed," and speak from their places, of " revolution," and much more of like purport and effect. It will be ad mitted that when things come to this pass, the situation is by no means one to be trifled with; and the speeches of hon. members, notwithstand ing their uncompromising boldness, betray the workings of an inward feeling of uneasiness. Rioting and bloodshed are not unknown in the history of Victoria; nor can it be denied that the incitement to popular insurrection at the present moment is exceedingly strong. The provocation is twofold; political and financial. Politically, the people see that the several estates of the realm are hopelessly entangled, and that every fresh effort at extrication only draws the gordian knot closer and tighter. What wonder, then, if the people—trained and accustomed to regard themselves as the source of power—should step forward and cut that knot asunder P We say that a political revolution is the natural sequence of a constitutional deadlock, unless the adjusting powers of the Constitution are ade quate to the occasion. Then, as to the financial aspect of the affair, we find that the payments due to the civil service for the month of July have not yet been paid, and the August mail will have left for England bearing the tidings that a second month's debts and liabilities will be added to the dishonored accounts of the first. It is not in human nature, still less in Australian nature, and least of all in Victorian humanity, to suffer meekly and unresistingly, and for an indefinite period, this double crisis; a crisis which, at one and the same lime, places the! Constitution in abeyance and suspends cash payments. There must be a way of escape found, or the people will cut their way out; and assert, in their own fashion, their rights as citizens of a free colony, and their claims as cre ditors of a Government not yet declared insol vent, though acting as though such was the case. On Tuesday, the 22nd, Mr. Snodgrass, member for South Gripps Land, moved in the Legislative Assembly for an address to the Governor, calling bis attention to the fact that the salaries of the civil servants were still unpaid, and entreating Sis Excellency to take such steps as he might personally deem advisable in order that payment might be made. In anticipation of this motion being brought forward, a private meeting of the supporters of the Government had been held on the morning of the same day, and a resolution adopted that the motion should be opposed. Everything was out and dried; the Treasurer (Mr. Verdon) in a few words (after wards characterized as " cool, glib, and imperti nent," declared that the Government would op pose the motion, and not another word was spoken by Minister or Ministerialist. The whole matter had been settled beforehand, and—with the exception of half a dozen backers of Mr. Snod grass, members went down to vote and not to talk. The motion tabled by Mr. Snodgrass was also specially unfortunate, as taken on its merits; for whilst it implied a cennure upon the Govern ment for unconstitutional conduct in ooercing and overriding the Upper House, it was itself open to the objection of being equally or even more unconstitutional, inasmuch as it asked the Governor to ignore the advise of his Executive, and carry on the business of the country apart from, and even contrary to, the advice of his responsible Ministers. Of course so ill-con sidered a motion was destined to be lost, and — in fact—only half a dozen members voted for it, out of a house of fifty and more. The all but perfect unanimity with which the Legislative Assembly of Victoria rejected the appeal to His Excellency to suspend responsible government, and take the reins into bis own hands exclusively, must not, however, be inter preted as implying either satisfaction or con scious security on the part of that branch of the Legislature. Ministers have notoriously catered for any amount of popular demonstration short of street barricades; but they begin to mistrust their own tactics, and are evidently unprepared for the dogged firmness and passive resistance of the Upper House. The position of the Go vernment is certainly an anomalous one. They have bo far ignored the Legislative Council as for months past, to levy taxes and raise revenue, apartfrom the consent of the Legislative Council; but whilst overriding the Constitution to the •xtent of levying taxes, they profess to b? soru pulously regardful of constitutional usage in not expending money, nor making payments, without the sanction of the Upper House. They have, consequently, been fairly and forcibly met with the questions—" Why, if you are prepared to ignore the Upper House in levying taxes, do you not also ignore it in making payments P Why should not the Assembly pay public servants on its own responsibility alone, if—on its own re sponsibility alone—it assumes the power and the right to levy taxes and to raise revenue ? What is revenue needed for, except to make public payments; and if revenue can be raised by the Assembly alone, contrary to the will of the! Council, or without its consent, why is not the money paid to those to whom it is due? " Such are the questions put to the Government of Vic toria, nor are they easily answered. The obvious truth is that payments are withheld in order that the Government, by throwing the responsi bility of the stoppage upon the Legislative Council, may bring that body into more imme diate and hopeless disfavor with the people. But, surely, the public will see that if the As sembly are so all-sufficient in themselves as to ignore and override the Council in the impor tant question of levying new taxes, they need not shrink from the far lighter responsibility of making ordinary cash payments for goods sup plied, and for services rendered. Nor is this the only inconsistency of the pre sent position of the Victorian G-overnment; for since they first announced their intention to sus pend all payments, they have actuallymade many and very important payments, thus on their'own showing condemning themselves for not making the rest. Our telegrams a month ago informed us that the engineers, stokers, and others em ployed on the railways, intimated that if their wages were not regularly paid they would strike work. This announcement alarmed the Govern ment, and tht wages of the railway employ is have been paid. So also have the police been paid, and some other of the civil servants, whilst the greater number are left unpaid. But in paying some of the civil servants and not paying others, the Government betray their want of confidence in their own case, and condemn themselves on every hypothesis. The stoppage of payment at the time when the repudiators were, on their own sole responsibility, raising new taxes, is a monstrosity and an anomaly. The threat was doubtless launched as a brutum fulmen, and with the expectation that the Legislative Council would be awed into Bab mission by fear of the result; but that expecta tion not being realized, Ministers know not how to lay the ghost of a revolution which they con jured up, and of which they are themselves too much afraid to let it stalk abroad. Therefore, in spite of their declaration of want of power, they pay that portion of the civil service of which they are most afraid, and keep back the wages of a host of poor clerks who can brandish nothing more formidable than their pens, and whose voices are more likely to be heard in pitiful lamentations and complaints at home than in fiery harangues and inflammatory appeals at monster meetings. The public, however, will not tolerate indefi nitely this sacrifice of public justice; this out rage upOD public respect, and upon national reputation. If the Constitution needs reforma tion, the people will achieve that reformation peacefully and constitutionlly; and not give carte blanche to a Government to carry all before them vi et armit. And of this even Ministers themselves are becoming conscious. Whatever may be the result of the privilege straggle between the two Houses, it is clear that the little expedient of suspending payments has failed. We perceive that a Dens ex machina has already stepped forth in the person of Mr. Macgregor, who—with the consent of the Government, had given notice of his intention to move on Thursday, August 24, for an address to His Excellency, praying that His Excellency would cause such steps to be taken for paying all salaries now due, and for discharging all other obligations, as he might, under the advice of his Ministers, think fit. Of course this motion, if supported by the Govern ment, would be, on their part, a virtual recanta tion of their principles, and a direct abandon ment of their policy. It will, indeed, be a most notable revoke, of which the Legislative Council will not be slow to take advantage. But it will not solve the constitutional deadlock between the two Houses as to their respective powers of legislation, nor will it remedy the great and growing unpopularity of the Upper House,- an unpopularity which was surely working out its own consummation, even without the coup de theatre of the McCulloch Ministry. On the! question of the position of the Upper House in Victoria, and the lesson it inculcates upon other colonies, we eliali have something to say on another occasion. 