THE SUP'ERSTITIONS OF SCOTL Last Friday evening, according to the announcement, the Rev. Peter Brown delivered his lecture upon the Superstitions of Scot- land, in the town hall, Hawthorn. The Literary Association, in aid of the fus which the lecture was given, must have de- rived a substantial pecuniary benefit, as reserved seats were well filled, and the ___ seats contained more than the usual number of visitors. In consequence of the excus- able absence of the Mayor, P. O'Brien, J.P., was called upon to preside. The Chairman having explained the of the Mayor's absence, briefly introdue Rev. lecturer, who was greeted with loud applause. Mr. Brown having introduced the a of his lecture, observed that amusement was not intended to be confined exclusively to the age of childhood. Instruction would be the main purpose of his remarks, and amse would form as it were their outwarddr The superstitions which had princilsuly gaged his attontion were those which he to fill up the Scottish character. Most pie looked only at the absuordity and dr of these superstitions, withoult co(I51 them in a philosophical light. The suporstition literally meant somecthiung ing upon somnething elso. There wasoi and it was necessary that they should out that basis to understand how the ' structure of superstition had been The error had arisen from forgettifl truth, or by mixing up the truth with , of error. If the superstitions of an?Ye, were traced out, it would be fliund lha originated in some truth. Thue droler devilry of thoso of Scotland niforded examples of this. They wore nlot pure ations so much as a turning of sacred t into mere playthings; others were in legree traceable to the relics of theirP ism. Somie held that they ought not narried in the month of M1ay, aod ort' lioved that they ough t to go cour i" g poorticuar nigh?ts. The1' isolrstitions r nog theo carrying an itiniot to h1, c eh I boiilized, aun insta? ce of wict h cai."O lis own personal obsrvation, vworo op culiar character. Some breoad rend ' were puttup in a bundle and earrioialut' child; those were to be given to tile person whom the procession muight mes'i ?, must then turn back and accompany the t arty for a short distance. Iflny one should i. llat the house before the child is baptized, I ohe ust take some refi'eshmeut-generally wile or whiskey-on pain of elletually spoil ',g the beauty of the chihl. A. great portioni Siith superstitions of :i?otlanld ,ni'ght be I tra (Id Ildoi wnight intpos ure. Ti herin o might e ,, thlir rise, bt I hosoe he had mentioned I of the Sherill' Court of Orkney, principally in tlnmuisript, had si)pplied him with most of the ~ase. 1ke had been careful to preserve I;elling, as a hetlp to the pronuneiation of thtitme- about two hiudred 'years ago. c.rtain trees were supposed to afford protec tiot against witches, and around many of the faron-hounses in Scotland groves of ash trees were planted-the ash, the elder, and: the laurel being supposed to be efectual in keep ig witehels away. The belief in witchcraft was not confined to the poor and ignorant; ln?e of learning and of wh ealth were infected with the same superstitions. An instance was on record of a bishop, who was afflicted with a certain malady, after consulting the tost eminent physicians of the time, had re course to a witch. There was also a general belief in enchanted stones,. Some of these were natural, and some were undoubtedly the productions of art. These stones ware used as charms against the :whooping.cough and. other disorders. Atiiulets were the joint productions of priests and. conjurers, and the possessors of thorem would rush-up to the very cannon's mouth, confident. in their magil virtue. Horseshoes and horses'. heads: are still nailed to doors to .keep .the dwellers within from harm.. Lotions or drinks made with charmed stones were considered very effectual. Instances wereo tin record where water in which adder-stones hiad beeoin wshed was sometimes carriieda. hundred miuiles to cure people of sickiness. It would appear that the stone cure wmis repudiated in the courts of law, for a woman was condemned to do penance for using one. aIn:an ignorant and credulous age a very small amount of sietnce, combined withi a very lairge' ainount of chicanery, would be sure to lihave its effect. If any particular faculty is overwrought, that faculty will override all the others, and exert a paramount influence in'- a disedased staite. Another form of superstition ivas a,'belief. in the evil eye. That a person could cast evil from his eye upon an object by merely look ilg at it was a belief of. aicient date, and spoken of in scripture. There was no deiniy ilg that a good deal of the mind .was to, be read iu the eye, and if the lo:6kolb ftho' eye were taken in conuexiomniwith a threat;, the disasters following might lbe.accounted for. It was generally believed that. the glance of an evil eye could extract the virtue-:out of food. The practice of charming or, fascinat ingchildren by the eye was prevalent through out Europe. It was at one time punished in Scotland with the highest penalties,: One woman declared that the 'devil told her that if she wished evil to alny onse, she had only to look at the person with open eye and; pray evil upon him Ain his name. Be attribpted a great deal of this superstition to' female nmalice. There were facts of, fanother: orddr, having some philosophy about .tlietm, that were worthy to be oxamined, suuch as the be lief that a magnet was useful int medicine. There were some curious facts in natural his tory illustrative of the power of the: eye.° ,If a lion or tiger should beabliout to attack a a man, the brute will.orouch down if the man glares upon him with his oeye, but should he divert Ins glance for a moment'. he would: be in the faugs of, the beast. .This, fascination of the eye must be traceable to natural causes. Ghost-seeing occupied a very large place in the superstitions of Scotland. Palm istry was extensively practised, and gipsies were considered to be particularly gifted in this sort of divination, The superstition re garding firies would require a lecture to itself; and lihe was not sure that one lecture wouldl be sufficient to give an account of secoud.sight. The stuprastitions of Scotland would not be forgotten, but would continue as monunents of the ignorance of past ages fs long as the works of Sir Walter Scott and lBurns wero read. Ileforo closing the lee htro lie would rofer to another superstit ion Irevalent in Scotlnud in the middle ages. It Ivas generally believed that the wounds of a murdered cl an would bleed afrestl if the murderer touched the body. Ieo would con teut himself by mentioning one canso. Tho ]Rev, J. (OtlniO, minister of Sterling in the reign of Charles II., was executed for treason, atd his head was set ut) on the Notlher'bow' p'ort. The Eas'l of Mildleton was at that tino Kiuig's Colmnissioner in Scotland, andt it was through his personal pique against Iltthrio that that gentliman was executeld. A fetw weekls after the execution, as hidtlle ton was pissing issuler the Netherbow Port in his cotach, set dtrops of blood fell friom SMr. luithrit's head uponi the coach, and it was said tlIhat nothing would remove tuhe slain. Physicians woro comstulted to Iliti a natural cease fir the bloodt dr'oppingi fromt the iihead o lonrg aft'r deatlh, but they' could find nit ('e. i in e"liso iont the explaiis " io.in ta, thitt M t'. tilthrio havinig beeml hatitgtIl in the early "It'itig, llllch coengilated blootld Inust hIave collectedl about the neck andt brain. The in clreased heioat of the weather ns stinlter ad enteed wouli.liquify sand cause this blood to ilaow. It wats a very hrevalout mistako that the abettors of error and imposture were all devoid of education. Noblemen and their ladies frequently fell under the lash of the law for practising these arts. Dr. Johnson was a believer in miracles; he would not be lieve in the earthquake at Lisbon, but he believed that a ghost haunted (uock-lane. One learned IjDoctor believed that he had been a':rrid alway b the tfairl'i and lived auong thle seven years. ; and, he having written an acoulnt of lFairyluld, it was maintained that after his hdatlh the thiries removed his body fril the grave i t earti ied away it to some un Iknown plare in reveago. There was more than enough of superlstition in the literature of the nineteenth century to call up a blush on the cheek, and to lake the old witches of Scotland dance lfr glee to know that they had so many believers in the present day. The belief in witchcraft might be looked upon as a sort of monomania, and taking it in that light, there was a time wheni Scotland was a vast lunatic asylum. It was not the witches alone, but their judges andi juries who were to be pitied. A superstitious mind must have its loose screw somewhere. The couclusion he had arrived at was, that superstition could not exist when the light of truth was shed upon it. Darkness could not be removed except by light; and light did not burst out suddenly, its increase was gradual from the dawning of morning until it reached its noon. day splendour. Tihe rev. gentleman resumed his seat amidst warm applauso. T?le. customary votes of thanks having been accorded to the lecturer and thlleChairman and duly acknowledged, the audience dispersed; i. ` 