FRANCE PARIS, Feb. 17th. In his Speech at the opening of the Session of a ' 1863 the Emperor said :- j " in the north and south there are weighty interests that demand a solution. Shall we always be mutually j distrustful with our exaggerated armaments ? Are the greatest resources to be indefinitely exhausted by the vain display of our force ? Shall we always remain in a ] condition which is neither peace with its security, nor ] war with its favourable chances? Let us have the . courage to substitute, even by making sacrifices, a stable and regular state of things for that which is precarious. Two ways are open-one loads to progress through con- ' salvation and peace ; the other, sooner or later, leads ] fatally to war by obstinacy in maintaining a past which ] is vanishing." ! It is now asked whether that precarious state of i Europe has given place to a solid and regular , state; whether " exaggerated armaments" have been reduced ; whether the resources of nations , are not still lavished to keep up the vain display of force and whether the path which leads to war is quite closed up. And, however beneficial the reforms promised by the Emperor, it is doubted whether the country will remain definitively resigned to the want of the larger measure of political liberty which is enjoyed by its neighbors. In other respects public opinion seems to have ratified the satisfaction which, as I mentioned yesterday, was manifested by the Deputies. It is curious to compare the ceremonial observed in opening the Chambers under the Restoration with that under the Second Empire. The King used to go to the Chambers for that purpose ; the legislators now attend the Emperor at the Louvre. On the 4th of June, 1844, Louis XVIII. opened his Parliament in the Legislative Chamber. The distinction between Peers and Deputies consisted in this, that two ecclesiastical and six lay Peers sat on low benches beneath and at each side of the throne. The rest of the Chamber, Peers and Deputies, took their places in front of the Throne. They rose and uncovered when the King entered. The King took his seat on the Throne, covered, and made a sign for the Assembly to be seated. Napoleon, before setting out for the army, proceeded on the 7th of June, 1895, to open the Chambers. No distinction was made between Peers and Deputies ; both were invited in the same words by the Grand Master of the Ceremonies to be seated. Four months after it was the turn of Louis XVIII., who opened the Chambers, and this time several of the old usages were observed, and continued to be observed till the Revolution of July. On the eve of the day for the opening namely, the 6th of October, the Mass of the Holy Ghost was celebrated at Notre Dame Peers and Deputies being present. The day following a numerous and brilliant cortège accompanied the King to the Palais Bourbon. The King himself ordered the Peers to be seated ; whereas the Chancellor announced to the Deputies that the King permitted them to be seated. The distinction was the cause of much heartburning. On that occasion, as the names were called for the purpose of receiving the oaths, a deputy asked to be allowed to speak The President of the Council of Ministers (the Duke de Richelieu) approached the King, took his orders, and said, " The usage, time out of mind, of the monarchy permits no one, in similar circumstances, to speak in presence of the King without His Majesty's permission. Whereupon His Majesty orders the calling of the names to con- tinue." It was only when Louis XVIII. was so broken down by his infirmities as to be unable to move that the ceremony ceased to take place at the Palais Bourbon. It then began to be held in the Louvre and the King was rolled in an arm chair along the gallery of the Museum and that of Apollo to the platform prepared for his Throne. There was no longer the cortege to the Chamber, but the same etiquette was scrupulously observed at the Louvre. Charles X. always opened his Parliament at the Palais Bourbon. M. Jean Duvoisin, a retired captain in the Customs' service at Bayonne, has received the decoration of the Legion of Honor for a translation of the Bible into the Basque language. This honor has been accorded by the Emperor on the recommendation of his cousin, Prince Louis Lucien Bonaparte, who is himself a distinguished Basque scholar. The translation was published under the supervision and at the expense of his Imperial Highness. M. Duvoisin spent six years in the translation, and six years more were spent by Prince Louis Lucien in settling the orthography of the Basque words. The printing of the Bible in Guipuscsan, Basque, and Spanish is also commenced under the supervision of the Prince. It will be completed in five years. In the other dialects of the Basque, the Biscayan, the Souletan, high and low Navarrese, as well as in several of their subdivisions, there are versions of the books of the Bible, edited or translated for the first time. The grammar and declensions of these dialects are very intricate. The Corps Legislatif met at 2 o'clock yesterday. M. Schneider, one of the vice-presidents, took the chair in the absence of the Duke de Morny, who has been confined to the House for some days past in consequence of a severe sore throat. The vice-President on taking the chair appointed MM. Edouard Fould, Count Welles de Lavalette, Edouard Andre, and Maurice Richard, the four youngest members present, to act as secretaries. M. Schneider then addressed the House, telling them that he desired to be the interpreter of the cordial sympathy with which the health of their eminent President inspires them, and to publicly bear witness to the regret caused by his temporary absence. It deprived them of one of those addresses which it belongs to his high position to deliver. The members of the Corps Legislatif love to hear him, because he always throws light on some interesting subject, or gives them good advice. (Cries were here raised of " Very well.") As the Chamber was deprived of the pleasure of listening to the Duke de Morny, he would take advantage of his absence to proclaim loudly that he enjoys both the affection and esteem of his colleagues, and he would ask that his spirit should be ever among them while waiting his return. The members then adjourned to their committee rooms. 