CHINESE SHEEP. The following lettor has been sent to the editor of tho Herald - Sut-My attention was drawn to the Chinese Sheep by Iwo articles whiuh oppoarod in the Melbourne Argus and Age of tho 17th instant This peculiar breed lias un- fortunately not hitherto atti acted Iho attention of stock- holders m those colonies It now appears likely to obtain that notiee winch has so long been denied to it " it is a well-known faot that the Chinese possess a I breed of sheep which are most prolific-, and admirably adapted to Iho poorer grasses and advere olimato of Bomo portuns ot Australia, whore the pure merino omnot pos Bib y thrive, and the country is consequently looked upon as valueless for pastoral purposes. Some years ago, a mov mont was marlo in Sjdney arnon.,- a few influential men to introduce sooio of these sheep, but it seems the project lapsed, iiom what reason 1 do not know, but J am glad to find-sbappears from a paragraph quoted in your issue of the 21st-that our Victorian friends have taken the matter in hand, and I have no doubt will carry tho enterprise out in the spirit it ought to be Although at the samo time I regret that the older oolony should not have taken the initiation in what so closely concerns its interests It is no1, how- ever, yet too late. Kow, Sir, I havo reason to know that the four Bheep referred to m that paragraph, as mentioned in Mr Koss's lotter, were, without exception, the finest that over came into the Maitland market, both as regards oarcasB and wool. Hete we bave a voting sheep, eighteen months old only, and weighing 17711)1.-no1 artificially fed, but running with the fljck, and getting nothing bub bush grass, and the other three, none under 140lbs. These same Bheep woie sold in Sydney by Mr. Thomas Dawson to Air. Herbei t, the butcher, und realised ¡les enoh, a good price for wether hog-gols Tho wool horn the same ghosp of ton months growth has boen classed hy Mr. Bray, the wool-broker, at Is Gil. in Una market *w that, from the quantity that enoh bhoop produces, tho beneficial results at onco show by the judicious crossing of the breeds. I have been kindly f wourod by a gentleman now in Sydney with an extraot from the Mark Lane I xpress the In ghost agricultural and pastoral authority in long- land It IB ns follows - It was slated in a paper read at the meeting of the Society of Arts, in London, on Hie SI h of 1 ebruary last, that Chinese sheep had been introduced into Lnglnnd by Huthcrlord Alcock, Vice Consul at Shanghai, who in lui I lind shipped several of them os a present to the late Piince Consort Hie I'rlnce lu 1805, presented three ewes to the London /oologies! Soelety Lord Ducie also had some, but on I lie death ol this lamented gentleman, the Bheep were lost or dispersed In the London Zoological Gardens Hie increase of lambs was bo great that it wob considered a nuisance One ewe had five lambs another lour, and a third three, thus making twelve lambs from three ewes Not having accommodation, and not wishing to bo over- run nith Chinese sheep, which were not very at- tractive to visitors, the keepers, aotually used the lambs as fresh food for lions and tigers till tile breed was ex- tinct, not without remembrante, however for Air ilartlett, tim superintendent, in 1807, wrote to the effect, that the sheep breed twice o year, and the lambs ore easily reared by hand and per- fectly hardy 'i he wool, though coarse was ol a useful kind, nnd In the opinion of the Bradford Chamber ol Commerce was then worth Is per lb Hie Americans acted differently and more sensibly The Introducer ol them into tho United States (a Captain Theodore Smith), n ho begon with three sheep in 18M, in eighteen months had an increase of (74) seventy lour, one of the sheep having had twelve lumba in 111 teen months He stutts tho sheep ns large and handsome, and the mutton of superior delicacy Mr l'llu, who purchased sonic ol'these sheep, states that he has sheared as much as 'Jibs of clean wool off each, and that bo greatly wero they appreciated that he was selling Hiern at five hundred dollars each to various lricnds 'Hie lecturer recommended this breed as a means of rapidly Blocking the AustraliaB, New Zealand, and African colonies, and when a large flock was obtained, to cross with the merino to Improve the wool Uley also seem to be quite a cottager s ehei p as being used to hand feeding and confinement, and thcrtlore would bear tethering on roadsides, and, from the Dumber of lurabs no doubt would yield much milk, which (the lambs being sold) might enter luto household use Ihey would be n useful substitute for the goat as less liable to wander, moro valuable in ilcsh, and producing a lurge quantity ol wool No v, with all these particulars before us, and aalaal experiments made on the Hunter, »Indi have undeniably proved that it can produce a breed of sheep that supplies a m ist extraordinary size of carcass, a heavy and valuuble olip and above all being so very prolific, what more do we »ant? Have we not for years and j oars been endea- vouring to arrive at this, and bave wo sucoeeded? I am afraid only to a very small extent. 1 have boen largely interested in sheep some yosr» ago, and found that overy joar my olipwas getting lighter, and lighter every year, although 1 was particalar in changing the blood At last I parohasod thirty rams from Mr. Hich, of Mount Eden, near AuokNnd, and with these I found my flaoks much improved both in regard to wool and constitution. it is just twelve months since 1 passed through Now England on my way to Q iBBnsUnd, and I shall never forget tho soeno that presented itself to me at nearly overy station I passed Tho whole of the fences deoorated with sboepskins, and what sheep were alive one-half were dev outly w lshtng on their knees for a speedy release from all thoir troubles of foot rot I ask tbo New Kngland iquattors what was yonr increase and decrease last joar? I think some would be ashamed to toll I have seen thor«, m the month of August, flocks of ewes that wore expeoted to lamb n OotobBr, more than one.half of »Inch woroon thoir knees, and, as yon may suppose, skin and bono How oan you expect a lambing or a sound clip of wool from such animals? lhey hove no oonstiltHion, and all the crossing they may got from tho morinoes will bB ol no use. It is like calling in a phjsician to n pvtient io the last stage of consumption M my will sty that thor do not believo m auddon crosses. Neither do 1, but this I boliave that extreme otses rcqniro extreme measures, and so it is in our instanco bhoep intended for a elimata snoh as Now Kngland or Monaro, or other severe parts ol the colony, must have a Btrong constitution , and to ar- rive at that, yon will require to produce such sheep ns Mr Boss has shown can be produced. In referring to Mr. Mt hoi's loiter in tho Argus ho says -' Hut their chief mont is that they aro not suli jeot to foot-rot, and thrive best on tin cold, bleak runB at tho hoads of the rivers, and on the snowy Australian Alps, where the existing breeds could not live." 1 quite coincide with Mr Michel aa far as tho foot-rot is concerned, and have no doubt that if the Uiineso sheep were plaoed in New England, nat one of them would be affected with that disease Mr. Michel continues - " Thus, places nhioh at present aro utterly useless would becomo valu&blo; runs to the breo 1ère of these sheep, thus returning an extra revenue to the colony and proltioing anabundanceofexocllentmuttoneqnaltothobestl etcester in tho viomit) ot those mountain diggings now so rapidly in the course of develop nent in Oipps Land and the Australian alpine country Tint, bli, this is not nil. Now South Wales say« that if Victoria does not carry out the introduction ot this peculiar spooiea ol stock, she will come forward and produce sufliucnt capit*l to initiate tho movement, and tho question u, are wo to allow an under taking whiob promises so nell for the fulure boncfit of oui adopted land to fall through in consequence of an apathetic want of support? The original greatness ot the Australian continent arose from the introduction of the meuno by Macarthur of Camden, and it is now pro posed to introduce a description ot sheep which, wlion judiciously oro Bed with tho marino, will produce an ani- mal whiob, for length of stnplo, weight ol cucase, and hardiness, will bo unequalled in the world Ibis splen- did prize is ofTered to Viotona, and throrgh an apathetic inattention to her interests, sho is about to let New bouth Wales boar away the palm. The capital required is very Email," &o; , &o; I most sincerely endorso every word which Mr. Miohe brings forward to substantiate Ina sUtumonts, and oould produce many extracts, which 1 havo oolleoted from time to timo, butas this letter his airealy overstepped the, bounds of moderation, I will only add a few remarks of ray own. The first is, that I do not believo tho ramf which is the sire of the prizssliespabovem.'nlioned, isoo the pure breed wlnoh is represented ns ooraing from th Ju Úhin Mountains ot Chinese Tartary, viz , the OntrTi Those sheep, I have oanse to know, produce sr very long staple, whereas the wool of tho imported oue, iib shown to me, was not of long staple, and therefore 1 consider it bolongs to the 'I hi si breed. And if such m the Oise the introduction of the pure Ong Ti will be still more favour- able to tis 1 trust that the statements which I have made will meet with aomu attention from the squatting oommunily and others interested in auoh a praiseworthy movement, and thal they will come forward atonne to put the thing to the tost I understand that the capital requirod te sm ill, and only one-half would bo requited at prosent, till tho arrival of the Hook in the oolony. 1 shall be g ad to become a shareholder and purchase ns many as may be allotted to nie 1 do not wish in any way to underrate tho steps that may have been taken m Melbourne, but I think no are strong enough in Sydney to start and on ry out a measure which is attended with so many vital advantages to the colony m geneiah I remain, &o.;, Ac. 0\. E. DABLING. Glebe Point, Sydney, 22ntl August, 