•» ON T H E BOAT). No. 1LI. (FROM OLILT TKAYKMJNG CORKHSI'ONHEST.} IN taking my leave of Wan sand la township 1' jiave two or three matters of importune!; to refer In. first is the question of water supi>ly, the prospects „f the township people for the summer !<>.-k ominous, fjilhibong waters being stagnant this year. V:\iiganella owes its water supply to t-o tiie dam ,icoted by Mr. Will. A. Brodril.h, J.P., who onee here. This dam was the cause of litigation of , very acrimonious character, some five or six years as it was destroyed by force through the instruiiiPiitality of a few squatters and their aides, who nf it away, conceiving that they had a right so to The parties so d'oin^ were indicted for the off.-nce at U on Lilian, but the Crown having indicted -b-in for riot, the case fell to the ground; Mr. ..Iribb having been respectfully treated by them, Sli he having been very civil to them, who declared at they warred against the system of damming up stream the water in which'was the common pro- :.y <>f all the Crown lessees holding runs watered •mi! side bv the Uillabong. As in inanv law cases, real tp.iestion at issue was not tried. The seasons .'iice having been favorable to this usually dry lo- -.ility no further action has been taken by Govern- ' 111- people, to the -discredit of both. Now we >. e before, us, as we expect, a dry season, and dam !ing has again commenced. Where arc your legislators ; vovir Riverine Council, the /)'->•.-•••<»- ,./ of which Mr. Jennings spoke so favorably before nil: :;:ition«sc-eking people of Albiiry? Have councillors not been in existence i'ir nearly ! year=;. and have (hey cnli.uhteiie-1 the < bo.ern- I'.t or til.- Leeisla*Ive. Assembly on till* head V I -if they had done so v.e should have to ;,i-'i'd one really useful act; of theirs. 1 f they are. .-.hey say they are, /•c.'.'cj- lawmaker.' 1 , '•» "f • ~liiM ah-tci; all //,•/;.•'/.-), th-in the lnapsrit.v of 1 Vio .c-iin- Assembly, how is it that the Riverine mag- : w h o meet in Rcniliouin have not made an :-rt to settle a question which so intima-civ a Sects : interests of the settlers immediately abutting the. of Dcnilioitin ? I say a-aiu that they should | ...r devoted Some "f their efforts to this object. if .:v to show „* tlmt tliev could legislate for us if we .ri a new colony; the strongest argument for which s to bt> 11jni. the Kiverine Council know belter the Sydney legislators en wn*-<r-; who. it. is •rerted, know very little of the special requirements if p'-onli.n- territory. Here, however, at WanvHa. is the same sort of water as we had of yore, :-uiisi]ig soon to become thick as peasoup. and like -i". in color. Perhaps before six months henee the -ck may become dry here, and 10!) people, or so |. ; il have i.o depend for their water supply on.the lllw'iI'd ilivc-r, tweutv inih-s or so :r.v;iv. Tie: ln.nd- |.nl "f the Royal Jlotel here (Mr. H. lWipon) who : a man of considerable enterprise said to me. "I j a:! bo able in a few days to jrjvs you a bath, T am j-liiiijig a bath house:" upon being asked where, stated, on the edge of the creek. ' So that in this •allow pond of same two hundred vards long people t.. bathe ; and here thev are to have their drink- : '.vater. 1 mention this to show to what straits are put to for water-supply. We, in wet- :.-ons, stand by with loided arms and see the -,:erliow pass into the ocean. the loss of winch this • -on we shall here reckon by fens of thousands of ••''ids. For tc.il thousand pounds tile whole creek ,:.lit be dammed u|> at specified distances—at its •Mill, and in diM'.-iv.nt |ilaees from that to its cin- , chure .it the Yu.i.ko. Had the Riverine Council I-lit their .i:l<!,<)(!<i thus, ihey would have "left, j ., marks on the sands of time;" but, this was too for tiirm - ble-sed is he tint oxpc.cieth nothing iliot likely tobe verv much disapooinied. Well, let, us leave Wanganella and hope for better | l:i(_s—when rain descends heavily here there should I jubilee. A pleasant drive (when not too hot in i I'inier or too muddy in winter) we have to the •••!; Sviamp. a. distance of ten miles, and we are n!it:"!d 3!;'ii n.-iins, so iianieil, 1. pi.winie, from • ircat size, lifi.y miles across as I go. Kort,inatel\; •• phiiii, thoiv;h apparently irnoi! undulat- J I i;r-i-!iid at (iiil'erent iimts. wli. re ti:e rain settles 1 ; iMviiuj no means of ilovrinif off occasions ae.cnm- ! L.ilons of v-.-itr-r in winter. whii;h. if proprvly J)1T-- ••1. would in; suiiieient for all pni-po^.'S in ordi- K0:'.sf:iis. :n jv.st wioiers (.'cho's ce.aeh has had ::.-:iliy to •_;<•'.• thi-ou^h thosu inundations, ike rain dr'-osiis Siciiij in places something in quantity . rtll)i;:ig small lakes. Siich is Hie. ease, for days. • t.i'oe.s o::-w,;;ks in '"'he chief ]i:irt of Mi.-fare water uets dried, up by the wind, after ."ii.lei--,-N;!eous resevvoirs ;\re suvluirged. 1 t!:n.1. til. is water enough f.~llin£ on i.liis |,i;:.::\so phiin, <-r iliis siie-ession of plains, in an ,.' : :i:'.ry winter to last out the driest, sunimer. The i!t.*J.-->:«e» »f this part of tile Old -Man Plain. •:-srs. Thos., Cidciu. and V. r m. l.-ing, are .'oil g I h to l.-i-lair! iliis eounrvy. and th"\\- would have ... more, but for the uncertain tenure. I mean , rt.-L:'.!, i.|.cause of what avail is a :i ll wan-" V lien the free .'-elcetnr IJ step in. The cost : such a reservoir as uvhiM be roijniivd to st'.'i'e •er here would at h;:i.st be. I'L,('(!:); MIOII a reserr would be required every ten miles. !t is cases these (there are hundreds of such cases in this part .lesalt'msh eoun'ry) where permi-sive. free selec- .unay safely 1 :: pointed to as a decided evil, for the 'on 1, at all events. I t discourages enterprise to a i! certainty, although the Messrs. Lang are mka good deal in the face of these things. Still, l -.vdo so with a faint heart:, and no wonder; they o:i the nnath-active condition oul.wav.lly of the. I lintry which they arc reclaiming from solitude. I "ere can be no doubt that here is the nucleus for |::.e splendid sheep walks; the conutry could be | -'!y improved, and could be made to doable i'crl'.aj'.s treble the present carrying properties ; "- then a considerable out lay is r. quired. A land ' that oseila'.es between two extremes —from being I:: condition of lock up to a wild delusive law, like j veftrieted selection, is discreditable to the la w- |;lcers. Why are we to have a:i avalanche like 1 selection over upwards one hundred, millions of Ires, when, for years, a gentle supply, gradually rrc.ising as poptdatiou increase, would answer I t-iy legitimate purpose ? Let us take the eases of i i' stations on the Old Man Plain, extending ri-iiward to the. •\Jurriimhidgee, ami eastward and "".vard for perhaps loll milus- Ihis is no place, for • free selector with small moans ; it is assuredly a Hiiet for the capitalist, and no one should venture I > '.villi less than J.'o,()(10 at least, unless he meruis ran the risk of being ruined. I'nd'-r certain es, as a man with a large family of I -bodied sons, carrying on the roads, and with a ' money, they may get on ; but they can get on re in Australia, it may be doubted whether •riy part of the world they can get on better, let a man having no special advantages • In realise anything, in this back country, by free I and sli.;ep farming, and if it answers his I shall be jigreably disappointed. Other must break in on us in conn, ction with small 1'itiers and their gains, and those more gifted than "*-lf jnay see into the future further.than ] can. vever, we may discuss the point more at length •nui-bye. because there is here on our route somer that deserves attention, viz., the Black .Swamp, ell known to overlanders bringing cattle or |' j'- 11 is a great resource for overlanders for two in moderately dry weather it has feed anil I • l ill tolerable abundance. The swamp is four i a half miles in circumference and is evidently I ' -nsed of the dHi Hui from the.elevated ground I i-.-t surrounding it. It has oil its north- west and | ill-west sides a good supply of timber, of uneven I'V th, small and'somewhat stunted, and through \--.vamp there is a good deal of underwood. Over | :iy the whole of this large area the rain aceuinuin the rainy season, Imt spread over such an i.t of surface it soon evaporates and becomes I ji-t dry, as it is at present. Here is an excellent | M tunitv of accumulating a large supply of water iiiv ve.-jr at. a small expense. What is distributed r the whole, if collected into one, two, or three |' : -v„irs would be all stored, and it would become '"•.".bio as a stock depot. Left in its natural • '• • HI it is next to useless, it often proves a snare "-^•"•landers, inasmuch as they expect to iind an l' 1 - supply of water there, and. they are disap- A "large reservoir could be dug in the J ">• thereabouts, and drains cut thereto; the iT'y would thus be enormous. A few Chinamen 1 "Id soon make the whole of it available. A man r H Smith has settled down here, and he was 1 " : . v summoned before the P.eneh at Hay, for oceu- |-iig (Jrc.wn land wiihout, a license, and was lined It was a cruel thing to do ; the man was perl7.t-.-l. although getting )>is living by soiling 1,utter •vegetables. It was rumored that, he had sold br.t I am informed that there was no truth in •'..'-gation. To be fined for supplying tea and wi'h wholesome bread, butter, and vegetables, | : inhospitable spot, was an act of gross tyranny. I^'i-thy of the times and of the country" I am I; '.. however, that. 110 squatter had a hand in this ! •i'eus affair—it was merely the act of a certain • d who, however, is now in hot water, ami as 1 Dot to throw water 011 a drowned rat. 1 i'01- [ v making any further allusion to him. Smith, | ver, W!M> bear? a good character, stuck FO the | k and rhs Covenimeni h.-is since granted him, l-T pricr, sfttnc forty acre:', so thsia he is gua- rant»:ed peaceable possession. The land 011 the eastern side of this swamp would, I think, make some good paddocks for hay. .Smith has grown wheat here to some perfection, as I hear, but it would be folly 'o cypect farming to succeed as an avocation MI these ei.-nossd plains, wher • a semitropical sun and hot blasts cut down everything like artiiicial herbage; nothing but the natural plantf, saltl.iish, cottonbusli, ami pigl'ace, can live here in ordinary seasons. Vegetables may be grown here to some perfection in the winter and spring; and perhaps through the summer, but only at a cost in labor and money that would totally debar the produce realising anything commensurate with the toil. If you had a local or Provincial Council it is probable that this and similar swamps would be specially legislated for; they should be ke]it as public reservoirs, when they are 011 or near to the main thoroughfares. Victoria, far before New South Wales' in these matters, is specially legislating 011 the "swamps in that colony. They are being leased at a nominal rental for a long term, so as to give the lessees an opportunity of advantageously laying out money 011 them and 'adapting them to a usefui purpose. 'The Black Swamp then offers a good site for a small township. XI1 eve is some good soil there, the debiis from cattle and slice]) that have camped there in past seasons has improved the ground. A poor man named Doyle, an overlandcr, died here a few years since, and there is a ghost story abroad aliou'; this place. !-'.->:ne ovorl.-mders will tell you that they have seen, while camped there, the ghost 0! pour 1 *oyie repeatedly, 011 a cob ii use, riding about the swamp at night. I s;,\y recently an article. h> Alt tin: y. 'ir l'i,:ind oil this subjaofc ; it was evidently made up from articles that lirsl appeared in the P'lsl.jiv!. Tir.i<:< soiii.> three years since, on 1 !•«• dead; of Movie, ami ;be .-il : e'.e;| a,pp.-aranee of the gh-st, in which some of i' .. 1 overlanders are such .\\!.o-,;t believers that tlioy dr.-:.! to camp here. J have now use] lie: sp.icu allotted to me,- a:i 1 1 must wait fur next issue. 