OSWALD CRAY. BY MRS. HENRY WOOD, AUTHOR OF EAST LY'NNE. CHAPTER XLVI. A cold, bitter, biting winter passed away, when the lovely spring came round again. No trace was left of its effects, save in the remembrance of those in whose homes sick- ness, or privation, or death had been busy. Two of those visitations had been rife in the ?or home of Caroline Cray : sickness and privation. Perhaps, you noticed Caroline's reply to Dick's question as to whether Mark had no money : there was a little left she said, not much. Left from what ? Dick did not ask. If ever an unfortunate company had come to grief more completely than other unfortu- nate companies, it was surely that noted one, the Great Wheal Bang. Sympathising friends—Barker's and Mark's—were wont to assure those gentlemen that they had managed wretchedly ; and if we may dare to assume that the reproach was levelled at the fact of their having secured nothing for themselves, it was a right one. On the day that Mark Cray went up to the offices the first time, he had but a trilling sum of money about him : Caroline had even less in her own purse ; and that was all. Barker's word of precaution had secured the diamond ring and studs, and these were converted into money, Mark and Barker equally dividing the spoil. Barker with his share, took a little tour abroad while the cloud blew over ; Mark, as you have seen, went into hiding, and lived upon his part as long as it held out. Yes it was an unhappy fact, very debasing indeed after all the glory of Grosvenor Place, lowering as you may feel it to be to this his- tory, Mr. Mark Cray hid himself by day, and slipped out to take the air at dusk in a moustache and blue spectacles. Mark Cray would but be a coward in the hour of trial ; he ran from the danger instead of facing it. Had Mark but looked the angry shareholders and the trouble in the face, he need not have been so fearful ; but to look a difficulty in the face was not in the nature of Mark Cray. He scarcely understood what he was afraid of ; he did not know what they could do to him ; whether imprison him, or make him bankrupt, or what ; and Mark would rather have jumped into the sea than ascertained. He was exactly like a child who runs away screaming from a dark closet, and dare not look to see whether cause for terror is there. Some of us, my friends, have been sadly frightened at shadows. When this state of affairs was to end, and what was to get Mark out of his difficulty, he did not at present see. As long as the money lasted, he was not unduly anxious. He had great faith in something "turning up," he had unlimited faith in Barker ; and Barker's letters were pretty frequent, and in the highest degree cheering. Barker happened to have a cousin, about the nine- teenth remove, settled at Honfleur in Normandy, and Barker had steered for the same port, and seemed to be living at ease there. Towards the close of the winter he wrote word to Mark that he ha had some- thing good in contemplation, connected with Paris, and if it came to anything Mark should share in it. But when Mark's money was gone things changed. He grew restless and gloomy. He could not starve, he could not go to the workhouse : he must do something. Miss Bettina Davenal would not help them : she said she could not—perhaps with justice. Leopold Davenal had been an expense to her, and was still ; he went back to school after the Christmas holidays with Dick ; but he was not strong yet, and sundry expensive extras were provided for him out of her pocket. That was not much : but a heavier expense had fallen upon her for she had re- paid Mr. Wheatley the two hundred pounds borrowed by Sara. Sara had disclosed to her aunt the fact of borrowing it, and in her pride Miss Bettina had made a sacrifice and repaid the sum. She had none left to bestow on Mark ; there was clearly no help to be had from her. And Caroline ? You can take a look at her as she sat in the sun, which was shining into the room that bright day in early April. Perhaps you remember a remark Dr. Davenal once made—that Caroline was not one as he believed, to bear well the adversities of life. Dr. Davenal was quite right : neither physically nor mentally did they agree with poor Caroline. I don't know whether anybody gets ill at once under a great shock. Caroline had not. When it fell upon her she was too stunned, too entirely surprised, to be anything but be- wildered. It may be questioned if a change so sudden—from seemingly assured pros- perity to hiding and disgrace and poverty— ever befell one. You may feel inclined to question it in this instance ; nevertheless, I repeat that I am telling you the simple truth. The reaction had come now, and Caroline Cray gave way sadly. Her cough, that Dick remarked upon, had got well ; but she would lie back in her chair all day, and it seemed next to impossible to get her out of it. But if the body was at rest the mind was only the more active. Caroline's hours, in point of fact, were pretty equally divided be- tween outward complaining and inward lamen- tation. Such lamentation is nearly always rebellious, and so was hers. The blow had been so complete ; the change had been so very great ! All that pomp and vanity, all the luxuries, the carelessness, the pleasure at- tendant on that sunshiny wave in life's cur- rent, to have given place to this ! Perhaps the worst mortification, looking back, was that the play seemed to have been so unreal : as if they had no right to indulge in it, were such fools to have embarked in it, and worse than fools to have believed in it. Mortified, fretful, miserable, Caroline Cray seemed to live but in repining and repentance. Mark was different. He neither repined nor repented : he was always restless, always expecting something to turn up ; and he would stalk up and down the room, giving tongue to all sorts of wild visions of what he would do, were he but clear of the world and the Great Wheal Bang. As he was doing now. While Caroline sat listless and inert in her chair, Mark was in- dulging a dream of the future, sanguine as a child. He had lately taken to consult the newspapers, and one tempting advertisement in particular had that morning attracted him. Mark Cray was acquiring that experience which comes inevitably in a life of vicissitude; he had yet to learn how many of these ad- vertisenments are but traps for the unwary ; how next to impossible it is to be the one suc- cessful applicant, if they are genuine. But ever and anon Mark's dream was unpleasantly brought to a break, as the recollection in- truded itself that he was not a free man. "You see, Carine, if I were but clear of that resentful company, there are a hundred good things to be picked up. I'm sure there's a dozen at least in the paper every day. That's a splendid thing, I know, that one advertisement of this morning ; any fellow securing that—" "Where's the use of talking of it ?" inter- rupted Carine. "It all comes to nothing. You know you are not clear of the company." She spoke in a fretful peevish tone. Just at first, Mark's sanguine visions of rising again more gloriously than ever, like a phoenix from its ashes, had somewhat infected her ; but she was learning what they were worth as she had just said, "it all came to nothing." Utterly weary was her spirit. Hope deferred maketh the heart sick ; but hope destroyed— and it had come to that with Caroline Cray maketh it die. Physical privation tells terribly on the mind as well as the body, and it was telling upon her. They were next door to starving. What made it worse for Caroline was, that hers was a constitution requiring the best of nourishment. The Davenals were a healthy family, but there had been a taint in her mother's blood. These physical privations would alone have made Caroline fretful and she could not help it. "I shall be clear of it soon," said Mark. "But how ?" Even sanguine Mark could not detail the precise means by which the emancipation was to be accomplished. "Oh, somehow," said he, in his careless way. "The company must wind itself up." "Why can't you apply to Oswald ?" He shook his head very decisively. "I can't face him. And if I did, he'd not assist me. He has lost too much, and is sure to bear malice." "Are we to go on like is forever ?" "I hope we shan't go on so for a month. I wish you'd not talk so Caroline." "How am I to talk ? You have been say- ing the same all along." "Well, it's no good your looking on the dark side of things. You are always doing it now." Caroline was silent for a few moments, when she suddenly lifted up her hands, and her voice broke into a passionate wail. "Oh, if that money had but been settled on me, as Uncle Richard wished !" This must be a judgment upon us for defying his last commands." "Rubbish !" said Mark. "Are we to go out into the street and beg ?" she plaintively asked. "Are you going to be a child ? One must get a rub or two in passing through life, Caroline. Barker has been down upon his beam ends five or six times, just as much as we are, but it has always come right again." She relapsed into a fit of weeping ; half her hours, a-bed and up, were so spent. Mark had ceased either to soothe or re- proach ; he had tried both, but ineffectually ; and now was fain to let her weep, simply be- cause he was helpless to prevent it. Mark Cray could not be unkind ; he was not that ; but he was hardly the sort of husband for adversity. Shallow minded, shallow- hearted, possessed of no depth of feeling, there seemed something wanting in him now. He did his best to cheer his wife ; but the result was not satisfactory. The fits of weeping would sometimes go on to hysterics : sometimes stopped just short of it : as this one stopped. Caroline suddenly roused herself, and looked round wearily at the mantelpiece, as if there was a time-piece there, perhaps in momentary forgetfulness. Grosvenor Place had been rich in such ; elegant bijous, worth no end of money. "I wish Sara would come !" "Sara ?" repeated Mark, halting in his monotonous promenade. "I wrote to her to come." She spoke the words half defiantly. Sara, in consequence of the discovery of Master Dick Davenal, had come to see them once ; but she was not encouraged to repeat the visit. Mark especially was against it. "If we have them coming here, we may get dropped upon," he said to his wife ; "it would never do." But poor Caroline, wearied out with the wretched loneliness that seemed to continue month after month, and to have no end, had at length written to her cousin. "Why did you not tell me, Caroline ?" "You might have forbade me." "It's just what I should have done.'' We don't want her here. What good will she do ?" "What good will anything in the world do ? I wish I was out of it !" Mark Cray began to ask himself the ques- tion whether the expected visit could be stopped now. He had an intense dislike to meet Sara Davenal : we all shrink from meet- ing those whom we have injured directly or indirectly. But the question was set at rest by Sara's entrance ; and Mark, after a short greeting, disappeared. All Caroline did for the first quarter of an hour was to sob hysterically. Sara, in slighter mourning now, unfastened the white crape strings of her straw bonnet, and sat over her in dismay, her sweet face full of compassion at the change she saw. "I want to know how it all is to end," were the first distinct words Caroline uttered. "Am I to stop here till I die ?" A question difficult for Sara to answer. "Is Mark doing nothing ?" she asked. "He is doing nothing, He can't do any- thing while that business of the Wheal Bang hangs over him. If that were settled, there are fifty things he might get into. And if it can't be settled, we may both of us as well die at once as be famished to death. For that's what it would come to. Those poor creatures that shut themselves up with the fumes of charcoal are not so much to blame, after all." "Caroline !" "Well, I mean it," returned Caroline, a sullen tone beginning to mingle with her sobs. "It is all very well for you to exclaim 'Caro- line !' as if I were mad ; but you don't know what sorrow is. Nobody does until poverty comes." Sara thought that there were worse sor- rows to be borne in the world than poverty. And she was right ; bad as poverty to those unaccustomed to it undoubtedly is. "What can I do for you ?" she gently asked. "Here we are buried alive, and nobody comes near us ! Sara, if you only knew how I yearn for a home face !—how I lie and cry for it !" "Mark—and you also—said I must not come, lest it might lead to discovery." "Neither must you, I suppose. At least not often ! But sometimes I think it would be well if discovery happened. There'd be an end to this uncertainty, at any rate. What is Mark to do if the thing can't get settled ?" She asked the question in strange earnest- ness, and Sara was struck with the yearning beauty of the lifted face, of the wasting form. The violet eyes were larger than of yore, the cheeks were of a delicate crimson, and the hands were long, and white, and thin. "But can it not get settled ?" returned Sara. "We have nothing to eat, you know. That is, there's bread, and such like ; but I can't eat it. Mark will dine on bread-and- cheese, or a thick slice of bread-and-butter ; and he really does not seem to mind ; but I can't. Oh, Sara ! if I could but have a good dinner !" Sara caught up her breath. What com- fort could she give ? "Sometimes, when I am sick with hunger, I lie and imagine the dinners we used to sit down to in Grosvenor Place. I imagine it, you know ; that they are before me now, and I am eating them. Turkey and bread sauce, or salmon and lobster sauce—it's nearly always substantial things I think of, I sup- pose because of my hunger—and I quite seem to taste them ; to eat through a whole plateful. Sara, it is true." Sara Davenal had heard the doctor speak of some kinds of hunger as a disease, and could only suppose this must be one. "I wish—I wish I could help you !" she mur- mured. "You can't, I know. You have it not in your power, and Aunt Bettina won't : she's implacable. I did not send for you to ask it. But Sara, there's Oswald Cray. If you would ask him, perhaps he might do some- thing for Mark." The words startled her. "Ask Oswald Cray !" "I think if he would listen to any one it is you. I don't forget how fond he used to be of you in the days gone by. Indeed, I got to think—but I was wrong, I suppose, so let it pass. Oh, Sara, you'll ask him for my sake ! Don't abandon us quite. I think he might help Mark out of this difficulty. Perhaps he might see the company and get them to be friendly with Mark ; or perhaps he'd pay a few of Mark's pressing debts. It might not take much money." "But why cannot Mark ask him ?" "He won't. Mark would rather it came to the charcoal—not that anything of that sort would ever be in his line—than apply to Oswald. There was some trouble between them about the money Oswald put into the mine, and Mark has kept away from him since. That is just why I have sent for you, Mark will not apply to Oswald ; no, not if it were to save him from prison ; and I don't feel well enough to go, and my bonnet's shabby. Oh, Sara, when a recollection comes over me—and it is always coming —of the nice clothes I had and how foolishly they were abandoned, I feel fit to go mad. Any way, unless a change takes place, I shan't want clothes long. Sara, surely you will do for us so trifling a thing as this !" To pursue the interview would be waste of time. When Sara Davenal quitted her cousin, it was with a given promise to see Oswald Cray. Very much indeed did she shrink from it : as much as she had shrunk from those inter- views with Mr. Alfred King ; but she saw no other means to help them ; and, in truth, she did not anticipate much would come of this. Money seemed to be wanted elsewhere. Miss Bettina complained sadly of shortness : the money repaid to Mr. Wheatley had crippled her : and Captain Davenal's letters to Sara dwelt on his embarrassments. They told her privately how hard up he was, and, in his random meaningless way, said he should have to run away to Australia and dig for gold, unless some dropped shortly from the clouds. Captain Davenal's wife, as it turned out, was only an heiress in perspective ; but he appeared excessively fond of her, anxious to supply her with every luxury : and we all know that a married captain's pay, without other means, does not accord with luxuries in India. His wife ! Over and over again Sara asked herself how it was possible Edward could have married her, how he could speak of her in the fond manner that he did, if there really existed that impediment. All the trouble and the care seemed to fall upon herself, in- dividually ; upon her own inmost heart. So long as there existed a grain of doubt, she could not speak of this to Edward ; and be- sides, the letter might fall into the hands of his young wife. It was a coincidence rather remarkable that Oswald Cray should be at the door when Sara returned home from the visit to Caroline. About once in three months he made a call of politeness on Miss Davenal : Sara met him turning away: Miss Davenal was out and he had left his card. He would have passed her after shaking hands ; his visit was not to her ; but Sara detained him ; her cheeks in a glow at having to do it. "It is very strange," she exclaimed: "I was but now thinking how I could best get to see you. Do you mind coming in with me for five minutes ?" He returned with her, perhaps all too willingly : a great many of us are tempted to stray from the strict line of duty marked out in our own minds. Sara led the way to the drawing-room, and told him where she had been and what Caroline said. The declining sun—for the afternoon was drawing towards its close—fell on Oswald as he sat listening to her. It was the same noble face that she had so loved to look upon ; calm, still, good ; but somehow all its youth seemed to have passed away. The eyes had a look of habitual sad- ness ; some silver threads mingled with the dark chestnut hair. She simply repeated Mrs. Cray's words, almost as a child repeats a lesson ! throwing no persuasive tone, no pleading of her own into it, for she felt she had no right to do so. "Did Mark Cray wish you to ask me this ?" he inquired, as she ceased the tale. "Not Mark. Only Caroline. By what she said, I fancy Mark Cray feels—feels ashamed to ask you anything." "And he well may," answered Oswald, the old look of pride unpleasingly crossing his face. "I could have borne almost anything from Mark better than deliberate deceit. I cannot—no, I cannot forgive it. I cannot quite understand what it is that Mrs. Cray would ask me. She cannot seriously expect that I should pay Mark's debts. His personal debts alone would take I imagine a far deeper purse than mine. I am but making my way upwards, and Mark has taken care to put me back to an extent I shall not readily recover. Pay Marcus Cray's debts ! It is not within my power, any more than it would be within my will." Sara was silent : save for a glance, which plainly said how foolish she herself had thought the demand. "I very much fear that Mark Cray is one of those men who want others to pay their debts throughout life," he resumed. "There are such. Were he free to-morrow, he would be embarrassed again in a year. To assist such men is no charity." "Do you think anything can be done to clear him of the company ?" "Not while he keeps aloof. Mark himself must know it to be impossible ; or ought to know it. The only chance for their affairs to be wound up, is for him and Barker to come forward." ''Yes. I thought so," she answered. "But—Caroline tells me—they are near upon starving !" '"More shame" to Mark !" exclaimed Oswald. "'I cannot describe to you how this affair has pained me. Mark is my father's son, and his disgrace seems to be reflected upon me. His hiding himself is the worst part of it all. While he does so he is only prolonging the trouble and the ill. Believe me it would not be a kindness to help Mark. Let him come forward as a man and a gentle- man ought ; that would be the best help to him." Sara felt that he was right : but she felt also that Mark would not come forward ; and what was to be the ending ? "They are living in only one room ; it is at—" "Don't tell it me !" impulsively interrupted Oswald, something like anger in his tone. "I would not for the world be made cognisant of Marcus Cray's hiding-place. People have come to me for it times and again ; and I am thankful to assure them in all truth, that I know it not." He rose, as if wishing to put an end to the subject, and held out his hand to Sara. "At least you will forgive me for pre- suming to trouble you so far," she murmured. "I could not help it : Caroline besought me very piteously." His dark blue eyes, so earnestly bent on her, gave sufficient answer, even without the pressure of the hand and the tender tone of the low words. "You should not speak of it in that light. If you knew how great a pleasure it is to me for you to ask me anything ! I had almost said—it is the only one left to me in my matter-of-fact working life. You and I have none too much of such : it seems to me that we both have to suffer for the wrong-doing of others." Miss Davenal met him at the room-door. She had just come in. Sara, perhaps as an apology for entertaining Mr. Oswald Cray all by herself, mentioned her visit to Caroline, and the message she had been charged with to Oswald. Miss Davenal lifted her hands in haughty rebuke. It was very evident that her opinion of Mark and his affairs was more severe than that of Oswald. "Find money to put Mark straight ! Sara had the face to ask you that, Mr. Oswald Cray ! I wonder what the world is coming to ? Did she think you had not suffered enough by him already ?" "Aunt ! aunt ! It was Caroline. If you could but see her !" "I have suffered ; suffered in many ways," continued the angry lady, utterly unmindful of the pleading interruption " Had Mark Cray and his wife been as well behaved as they have been ill, I could not have helped them. My money has been drained from me, Mr. Oswald Cray. Sara had two hun- dred to repay Mr. Wheatley for a sum borrowed from him. Heaven knows why she borrowed the money, or what she did with it." He looked involuntarily at Sara. She stood with drooping eyelids, and her face changed to pain Yes both—all—had to suffer for the wrong-doing of others. CHAPTER XLVII. You might have taken a picture of the group in Mark Cray's room to-day, if only by way of contrast to that of yesterday. The living figures were the same ; Mark, his wife ; and Sara Davenal ; but the contrast lay in the expression, in the tone of feeling, Yes- terday it had been nothing but gloom, depression, almost despair ; to-day it was all hope and hilarity. The cloud had gone from the faces of Mark and his wife to give place to almost triumphal gaiety. On Sara's there was a look of pleasure, too, mingled with perplexity, as if she would rejoice with them, but as yet scarcely understood what there was to rejoice at. Poor Mark Cray ! The very slightest straw of expectancy was sufficient to seed his sanguine spirit into the clouds. All this change had been wrought by a letter from Barker, which the eleven o'clock post had brought. Barker, who was another of Mark's stamp, had suddenly discovered, or thought he had discovered, that an English doctor was wanted in Honfleur. He wrote over to Mark, strongly recommending him to come and establish himself, and to lose no time, lest the opening should be snapped up. "There's a goodish many English here," said the letter, "and not the ghost of an English doctor. If an English follow gets ill he must die, unless he chooses to call in a French sur- geon, and the chances are he'll bleed him to death. If you'll believe me they bled a young English lady this week for measles ! She seemed ill, and her friends called in a Monsieur Somebody, with a name as un- pronounceable as that mine of ours, and he looked at her, and asked a few questions, said he thought she was sickening from some dis- order or other, and therefore he'd bleed her. Well, he did bleed her, and ordered her some drink, called tissan, or some such name—I always shirked my French at school —which it's my belief is made of nothing but sugar and water. Bleeding for measles ! The English say to me: 'What a boon it would be if we had a countryman established here as doctor !' So Mark, old fellow, I've thought of you ; and my advice to you is, come and try it, until something better turns up. I'm off to Paris shortly, but I'll stop here and welcome you first, if you decide to come. I know you hate your pro- fession, and so do I, or I might try the open- ing myself ; but if you don't mind taking it up as a temporary thing, I think you may manage to find enough practice to get along with. Living's cheap over here, and the scenery's lovely, though the town isn't much. Havre is only twenty minutes' distance by steamer ; it's over the water—the manche, as they call it ; and Harfleur lies by its side, nearer to us still. We have got an English chuirch, you can tell Mrs. Cray, if she's par- ticular upon the point ; we had a splendid sermon last Sunday, preached by a stranger. Altogether, it seems to me to be worth your thinking of under present circumstances, and when the horizon has cleared a little you can leave the place as readily as you come to it." And this was the golden bait that had laid tempting hold on Mark ; Perhaps to a man "under his present circumstances," as Mr. Barker put it, it did look favourable. Estimating things by comparison, it looked more than well. That one present room he was in, the dinnerless days, the blue spectacles, and all the rest of the little disagreeables you have heard hints of, were things to be flown from with the fleetest wings, if they could be exchanged for the position of a flourishing doctor in Honfleur. Mark was on his high horse again, and his wife seemed to have thrown off her sorrow and her ailments. The first consideration was money. This desirable place could not be reached without some. Even sanguine Mark allowed that. Just a little, to allow of their getting there, and a pound or so to pay for lodgings ; and carry them on until his patients came in. He and his wife were deep in the difficulties of the matter when Sara interrupted them. She had come to tell Caroline of her ill-success with Oswald Cray. But Caroline was in no mood to hear aught that savoured of non-success, and Sara's news was overwhelmed with the other. Barker's letter was read to her, and Mark enlarged upon it in his sanguine strain. "I knew something would turn up," said he. "Barker's a right good fellow not to keep it himself. Those continental towns are charming, if you can put up with the same- ness : of course they get a little same after a time. Not all of them though. We stopped three months in Boulogne once, before my father's death, and were sorry to come away from it. Only think how this will set Carine up, after all the late bother." "I fear Honfleur is a small place to sup- port a medical man," observed Sara, who could look at the proposal more dispassion- ately than the other two. "It's a lovely place," fired Mark. "Barker says so. It's renowned in history. If they are not places of note, I'd like to know what are. History tells us that ! Why ! it was from Harfleur that the children of one of the kings set sail and were overtaken by a storm and drowned, and the poor old father never was seen to smile more. I'm sure I remember having to learn that in my history. Honfleur a small place, indeed ! Not support a doctor ! You must be saying it for a pur- pose, Sara !" "Well, Mark, I don't think it is large ; but what I meant was, not large enough to sup- port an English doctor. Are there enough English living there to do that ?" "Of course there are, returned Mark, whose sanguine mood resented nothing more than a check. "Would Barker say there was an opening if there wasn't ?" She could have retorted that Barker had no more judgment than Mark ; but it was utterly useless, and she held her tongue. Besides, she did hope that Mark might pick up some practice, and any change seemed an improvement upon the present state of things. "How strangely things come about !" ex- claimed Caroline. "Over and over again has Mark declared he would never resume his profession. And now he is longing for it." "But only as a stop-gap," returned Mark, with eagerness. "I hate the profession, and I'd not spend my life at it if I could do any thing better. Oh, it won't take much trouble just to doctor those Honfleur people, while something else is turning up. Nothing should stop me now from going to Honfleur." Very good. Perhaps we ourselves might have decided the same in Mark's place. But still there were the necessary means. What of them ? Caroline suggested Oswald Cray, and once more wished Sara to apply to him. Remembering the mission of the previous afternoon, and how it had failed, Sara refused quietly and kindly ; but it angered Caroline. "Listen," said Sara, interrupting a re- proach that took various phases ; "I am quite sure that any application to Mr. Oswald Cray from a stranger would be useless. I think—I think it must be done by Mark in person. I don't know that Mark would suc- ceed, but I feel sure it is the only chance. I think he is vexed that Mark has never been to him." "I daresay he is !" returned Mark resent- fully. "Where was the good of my going ? He'd only blow me up." "I'll go," said Caroline, in a spirit of defiance, for she thought her cousin was using her very ill. "I'll go. I'd rather go ! and Oswald shall see how shabby my bonnet is, and I hope he will feel grieved at it !" She kept her resolution. At the dusk of evening, not before, Caroline Cray took her way to Parliament-street, her step quick, her mood defiant still ; not defiant against Oswald in particular, but against the whole world save herself and Mark. Mrs. Cray stood before Oswald with her veil thrown back, her face working with emo- tion, her hands clasped. The table was be- tween them. Benn had closed the door after showing her in, and Oswald, who was busy over some plans, rose and stared in very astonishment. She gave a summary of her visit in a rapid breathless manner, as if fear- ing there would be no time left to tell it in. Mark had at length an opening of escape from the present misery, if he could be only helped to embrace it. A surgeon was wanted at Honfleur, and the place was offered to him. Oswald pressed her to a chair, sat down, and questioned her. "Why does not Mark come forward and show himself ?" he presently asked. "Come forward and show himself !" she repeated. "What, and get put into prison ?" "He must come, sooner or later. He cannot remain a proscribed man all his life. What end has he in view by remaining con- cealed ? What does he promise himself by it ?" "I don't know." "But Mark ought to know. He must be aware that there's an imperative necessity for his coming forward ; that it is a thing there is no escaping. What does he wait for ?" "He says he wants the storm to blow over first." "The storm will not blow over. Were Mark to hide himself for ten years, and then appear, it would only raise itself again. The very best thing he can do is to appear and face it." "Then he never, will. At least, not yet awhile. And, Oswald, I don't think you are a brother if you can wish him to do it. But I did not come here to discuss that," she added. "I came to ask if you would lend me—me, not Mark—the trifle necessary to take us over the water. I will pay you back again if I have to save it up by sixpences." She betrayed more restlessness of manner than Oswald had ever observed. Since her entrance she had been incessantly taking off and putting on the left-hand glove. He thought her changed. Her face looked worn, her eyes anxious. "It would be doing you no kindness, Mrs. Cray. Believe me, the only plan open to Mark is to come forward and meet the com- pany. His stopping away, makes things worse. Major Pratt was here just before you came in, asking if I could give him news of Mark. I am tempted to wish often that I had no connection with him. Tell him to face this." "I will not tell him," she answered, her cheeks crimson, her violet- blue eyes shining with a purple light. "If you will not ad- vance me these poor few pounds that I plead for to you, there'll be nothing for us but to lay down and die. I have not"—she paused, struggling with her emotion—" I have not had a proper meal these three months ; I feel often sick with want. Sometimes I wish I was with Uncle Richard." Oswald hesitated, whether to ring at once for refreshment or to wait until her emotion had spent itself. He compassionated her with his whole heart. "What would ten or twenty pounds be to you ?" she resumed. "Ten might take us there ; twenty would seem like a fortune. Won't you give us a chance of life ?" "It is not the money I think of ; it is not indeed, Mrs. Cray. But Mark ought not to go to Honfleur while these clouds are hang- ing over him." "Let me have the money," she pleaded ; "let me have it. I don't want you to give it me to-night, only to promise it to me. Uncle Richard wnold have done as much for you." What was he to do ? What would you have done, my reader ? Upright, honourable, just though he was, he did not resist those tearful eyes, those pleading hands, and he promised her the money that would carry Mark Cray farther f. fiarther away from his creditors. "And now what will you take ?" he asked, ringing the bell. "Nothing. I don't think I am as strong as I was ; and in moments of excitement, I feel unable to touch bit or drop. Wine ? No, I am not strong I say ; I am not used to wine now ; only half a glass of it, and I should hardly walk home." He did not intend that she should walk home, he told her ; he would send her in a better way than that ; and he induced her to take a very little wine. Then he gave her his arm down-stairs. Mrs. Benn met them in the hall, Caroline hastily drew her veil over her face, but not before the woman had caught a glimpse of her features. Oswald let himself out at the door, and shut it after him, and Mrs. Benn backed against the wall to recover her amaze- ment. "Mrs. Cray !—his brother's wife !—them that are in hiding ! And the last time she was here it was in a coach and four, as may be said, with her feathers in her bonnet and her satins on her back ! Yes, she have just gone out, that there lady, Joe Bean, and the master with her. And you not up to open the door !" (To be continued.) 