I IMPRESSIONS OF VICTORIA. I No. II. Melbourne has become large enough to enable one to enjoy in it a little of " the solitude of great cities "-a relief after living long in a smaller community, where a man need not be very distinguished in order to be Bara that in the streets he is always in the presence of people who know him. Accordingly, I have spent a good many not unplea- 'cut hours within the last few days "loafing" about the pavements of this city, and storms into the shop windows to an undignified: extent, which I should hardly have had moral courage for but that I we. a stranger, and in a large town. And I maintain that the advertising columns of the leading newspaper, and the shop windows, are as copious sources of information about a place, and the manners and customs of its inhabitants, as a stranger can well draw upon. Let him, by all means, read the advertisements. before he goes out in the morn- ing never mind the leading articles, and the Parliamentary proceedings, and the law, and all that sort of stuff, there is time enough for that later in the day-but let birds say, read the advertisements, and then loaf about the streets, if he desires to become a really well informed man. He will, moreover, be led into all kinds of philosophical speculations, including the difficult inquiry into the causes that govern the fate of various sections of a new town why one becomes fashionable and another "low why one become the resort of professional men and another of merchant-. why land in one direction the higher and higher in value, HU the enviable holder finds himself rich, and deems himself to have been a most far-sighted man is ow, while else- where you may get allotments for a trifle, because the inexplicable current of progress has failed to get that way. The original expectations of those who lay out towns and of those that purchase allotments in the early days seldom prove correct as to this matter, and it would not be uninteresting to examine the results of the first Melbourne land Bale, and to see how far the prices realised indicated that buyers really did forego which would become the most valuable site in course of time. When Melbourne was laid out, I believe the surveyors contemplated for it no loftier destiny than that of a squatting t own ship, where wool would be shipped and station supplies landed, and where a few "merchant!, bankers, and others, would have a somewhat dull time of it in their runs in robe. The houses, it was expected, would stand in their gardens along the main streets, and Little Collins Street, Little Bourke-street, we, were to afford access to the back premises, which anticipa- tion accounts for the rather unimaginative nomenclature of Melbourne thorough fares i reminding one somewhat of the system on which Dandie Dinmont name 1 bis do33. Without regard to original designs, however, the city of Melbourne very early in that second period of its history, which commence with the gold discoveries, began to classify itself, and the main features of the classifica- tion have remained unaltered to this day. Flinders street to the eastward of King street), Market-square, Hinder, lane, the portion of Elizabeth-street, south of Collins street, appears to be still, as they wore long ago, the favourite street to build great wholesale houses upon, and Certainly, if huge and costly warehouses are any indication of the magnitude of; trade carried on within, we are here among the haunts of merchant princes. I was surprised at the amount of money that had been expended, not merely in securing spacious accommodation, but in ornamental architecture. The old blue- stone that was formerly in almost exclusive use for private buildings of a solid kind-and fine substantial, though somewhat sombre structures it made has been largely supplanted by freestone. Not in continuous rows, but here and there, along the street I have mentioned, one comes upon some pile of building with a wide frontage, and rising I with many rows of cut-glass windows, It king like a handsome club or public institution but on reaching the front door, a brass plate surprises one with the name of Borne private firm. The banks seem generally to have taken most kindly to Collins-street, and several of them have now splendid premises not always in proportion I should imagine, to the business done. Thus, the Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, which were built early in the days of the gold diggings, look very humble indeed beside the stately and ornamental habitations of their younger brethren. The Bank of New South Wales built a little later-was, I remember, thought a great deal of at the time it wasercetel, and deservedly so, although Melbourne took more pride than Marlborough House would have allowed to be justifiable in the bas relief of cupids and roses that adorn the upper part of the front of this building. For what on earth had a bank to do with " love and roses?" A procession of warm men would have been much more appropriate than those naked boys, and the kind of garland that was borne about by the ghost of Scrooge would be far more to the purpose than there reny feStoons. I don't pretend to have counted how many fine banks there are. I noticed the Bank of Victoria especially, but, after all, what credit is it to banks to build And houses they have but to issue a few extra pieces of dirty paper, and the thing is done. To the westward of Market square, FJin don-street seems to have chiefly devoted itself to the provision for maritime wants, and the gratification of maritime tastes. It has evidently been found that, to have a model of a ship in the front window, council- rates custom. A miscellaneous collection of wares, such as slop clothing?, tobacco, bin- nacles, oilman's stores, sextants, rope, firearms, biscuits, watches, gunpowder, log books, preserved fish, he, is much more in favour than a more subdivided trade, and at each door there is a pervasive smell of tar which, perhaps, has been rubbed into the goods as an alluring perfume. The houses here are not generally very magnificent. Tiers of plate-glass windows don't rise over one another in dressed stone fronts in this part of the town. Alas, poor Jack ! The p actions of a city which get set aside for his uses, are, somehow, seldom those in which street architecture has made the largest advances, and in which the value of property has been most progressive. From time immemorial that is to say, for the last twenty years-the central position of Collins-street has been the street of fashionable ladies' shop?, and it has now reached a high degree of development. It is here that the finest carriages congregate every afternoon. It is here that the most circumferential crinolines distend the most gorgeous robes. Here are the crack 1 tuendraper'e and milliner's and jeweller's and tailor's shops. There must be more money spent in the middle of Collins street than is made in the two side: of it, although one end of it, by the way, is a most devoted to the service of a class of gentlemen who, to judge by the houses they live in, must be doing wall, At the eastern end of Collins-street live the doctors. Every door has got a brass plate and a night bell, M.D. succeeds to M.R.C.S.E., and then comes a dentist, and then you begin with M.D. again. It is perfectly appalling to think that so many doctors can afford to live in houses like these-it gives one a most unfavourable idea of the healthiness of the place and though this is the regular doctors' market, they appear to be pretty thickly sprinkled about the rest of the town too, and every where inhabiting houses that would have been houses to dream of, not to to!'.," in Melbourne a dozen years ago. The only thing to hope is, that all this splendour does", not really bear any relation to the incomes earned and the diseases to be cared, end that the excellent men who live in the mansions have to keep a very close fist upon things indeed to avoid mining themselves by their display. In less competitive days there used to be a rivalry as to which doctor should drive the last escapee, but now theorised seems to be carried on on more enlarged ground, and the great question is who shall have the finest house:. Perhaps it would pay a young men entering business to rent the Hon: es of Parliament during the recess, or to pay something handsome to be allowed to put a brass plate up in the Treasury door. The dentists, it must be owned, however, seem to be in even more painful abundance than the medical men. They gave up their establishment! in various tastes. One will have his house at like an ordinary doctor's as possible. Nothing but a brass plate indicates the horrible proceedings that are conducted within. Others go to for ground-plan-, lettered, in the lower windows, end for making their parlours look like something half-way between a solicitor's office and a very genteel shop. Others ostentatiously exhibit trophies of de- cayed teeth, arrayed in name and ornamental devices; but sorely this Hdlcst" a want of judgment-enrely professional pride hero triumphs over knowledge of human nature for what man or woman suffering from teeth she would feel attracted by this display of ghastly relate, from every deep hollow of which creme to come an echo of that awful " launch" which most of us know too well? I should not omit to mention that at the east end of CoJlHs-eircot, and shoulder to shoulder with the allopathy, are various homoeopathic establishment, in an apparently thriving condition. Indeed, I believe that the homoeopathic school here has many disciple-, who hold firmly to their faith in what has been described as the efficacy of *' nothing, carefully administered." Speaking of the number of persons who evidently get their livelihood by employments which one would not think there would be more than a very limited scope for, I must not omit to mention the photographers. Whether it has become a custom in Melbourne to have one's portrait taken every other day I have not heard, but if not, how all these artists manage to live I cannot conceive. Photography seems to be the staple industry of whole rows of house, and I think a man might bet with safety that he would walk along five miles of Melbourne streets and have his portrait taken, on an average, once in every hundred yards. cases full of photographs are placed on the kerbstone to draw attention to passages full of photographs, leading to the apartment! where the afflicted pan lb kept drawing people's likenesses all day. The prices of these works of art seem for the most part to be low : but I have not yet come across an establishment in which Punch's suggestion is cabled out, and a photograph, a sandwich, and a glass of ale supplie J for sixpence, so I have not yet had my portrait taken since my I return to Melbourne. 