A. NEW AUSTRALIAN TALE. The Hillyars and the Burtons : A Story op Two Families. . By Henry Kingsley. No. V. After a short stay in -Palmerston, the Burtons decided npon settling at Romilly, a rising township about 270 miles from the metropolis. From the description of the place we fancy it must be some whore in Gipps Land, near the mouth of the Snowy River. They travelled with a caravan of bullock drays, belonging to the hon. Mr Dawson, whom we have already introduced. Trevittiok was a trusted wonnnan in the old smithy at Chelsea, and, being strongly attached to the family, had accompanied them to Australia, determined to share their for tunes in the new country, as he had in the old. His experience as a Cornish miner proved exceedingly serviceable, as we shall see. The following extracts furnish a description of the journey towards their new home, and their quiet mode of lifo there for a time, till a land sale occurred, at which they bought 500 acres on the north slope of a mountain, not very promising looking land for the agriculturist, but rich in certain treasures, which Trevittick had discovered : — It was a very pleasant, lazy way of travelling, and I think that, when the long 270 miles of it came to_ an end, there was pot one of us who did not wish that we could have gone a few miles further. If tho road was smooth, you could sit on the dray. If it was rough you could walk, and walk faster than the dray went ; so much faster, that some of us would walk forward along the track, which still wandered through dense and magnificent forest, as much as a mile or two, into the unknown land before us ; and, forewarned of snakes, gather such flowers as we could find, which at this time of the year were not many. We had very few adventures. Sometimes wo would meet a solitary horseman; Buuieuuius u, hook oi iwo or tnree thousand, sheep going to market, whose three shepherds rode on horseback, and whose dogs, beautiful Scotch sheep dogs, alert and watchful, but gasping with thirst, would find a moment to come to Fred or Harry and rub themselves against thorn complacently, and tell them how hot, hot, hot, it was. Sometimes again would come a great drove of cattle guided by three or four wild looking stockmen, .in breeches and boots, which in this hot weather were the principal port of their clothing, for they had nothing else but shirts without any buttons, and hats generally with out any ribbons. These mon were accompanied by horrid great dogs, who cut Fred and Harry dead ; but in spite of their incivility, their masters were very good humored and kind; keeping their cattle away from us with their terrible great stookwhips. The head stockman would always stay behind and talk to us — sometimes for a long while — generally aBking us questions about England— questions which seemed almost trivial to us. I remember that one wild handsome fellow, who told Emma in pure ohivalrous admiration, that looking at her was as good as gathering cowslips, was very anxious, when he heard we were from Chelsea, to find out if wo had ever met his mother, whose name was Brown, and who lived at Putney. He was afraid something was wrong with the old lady, he said, for he hadn't heard from hor this ten years, and then she was seventy- five. He would go home some of these days, he added, and knock the old girl np. After a few of these expeditions, ahead of the drays, we began to take Trevittiok the sulky with us. ; For Trevittiok, thirsting madly after know ledge^ in the manner of his blue-haired fellow Phcenioians, had spent more than he could very well afford in buying a book on the colonial flora. He now began to identify the flowers as fast as we got them ; and, as the whole of us went at the novel amusement with a will, and talked immensely about it afterwards, we attracted poor Joe's atten tion; and, to my great delight, he began to join us, and to enter somewhat into the pleasure with us. The forest continued nearly level ; the only irre gularities were the banks of the creeks which we crossed at intervals of about ten miles — chains of still ponds walled by dark shrubs, shut in on all sides by the hot forest, so that no breath of air troubled their gleaming surfaoe. But, when a hundred miles were gone, the land began to rise and roll into sharp ascents and descents ; and one fore noon we came to a steep and dangerous°hill. Far to tho right, towering horrible and dark, rose, thousands of feet in tho air, high above every thing, a scraped rampart of dolomite, aB level as a wall ; of a lurid grey color with deep brown shadows. It dominated tho lower country bo entirely that the snow mountains beyond were in visible for it, and nothing gave notice of their pre sence but a lighter gleam in tho air, above the dark wall. It strotohed away, this wall, into the furthest distauco the eye could penotrato. So for twelve days this dark rampait liauuted us, » and led our eyes to it at all times, never allowing us to forget its presence. In the still cool night it was black, in the morning it was purple, at noon it was heavy pearly grey, and at sunset gleaming copper-color. But for twelve days it bent its ghastly frown upon us, until we grew tired of it and wished it would end. At last it ended. Gradually, for three days, a peaked mountain grew upon our sight, until we reached it, and began passing over the smooth short turf which formed its glacis ; a mountain whioh rose out of tho lower land in advance of, and separate from; the great wall which I have been describing ; a mountain which heaved a smooth sharp done aloft out' of the beautiful slate country through which we had been travelling, and whose apex pierced the heavens with one solitary needle like crag. It was the last remnant of the walls of the old lava crater, of a volcano which had been in action long after the great cliff, which we ? had watched so long, had been scorched and ruined into its present form. The men called the peak Nicnicabarlah ; and, when we had rounded the shoulder of it we saw that our journey's end was near ; f or a beautiful fantastic mountain range hurled itself abruptly into the sea across our path, and barred pur further progress, and as soon as we sighted; it the men called out at once, ' There you are mates ; there is Cape Wilberforce!' 'Cape Trap,' growled Trevittick. 'I am blowed if I ever see such a game as this here. There shall be something or another hereabout!— Tom Williams, don't be a fool, showing off with that horse. He ain't your'n, and you can't ride him ; so don't rattle his legs to bits.' Trevittick was always surly when he was excited, and, to lead away his temper from Tom, I began asking questions of the men. ' Where is the town of Romilly?' 'Down to the left, between the timber and the plain, alongside of the ErsHne river; the little river Brougham joins it just above the town. The Brougham rises in the mountains, and comes down through Barker's Gap. This is Barker's Gap we are passing now, the valley between Nicnicabarlah and the Cape Wilberforce mountain. There was a great fight with bushrangers hereabouts a year or two back, when young Inspector Hillyar finished three on 'em single- handed. He was a sulky, illcondi tioned beast, but a good-plucked 'un. . He married Miss Neville; he used to come courting after her to Barker's. That's Barker's down yonder.' He pointed to a cluster of grey roofs in a break in the forest down below, and very soon after our whole caravan began to descend one of the steep, rocky gullies which led from the shoulder of the volcano towards the sea, and very shortly came into beautiful open country, with a light sandy soil, the grass thin, but.not wanting in abundance, and the ground intersected by innumerable dry water courses. . j A pleasant road, winding for miles among gently inclined forest gullies, led us to our new home, and, while thesun was still alive in the topmost branches of the majestic trees, we came unon tlm inn Whovn we were to stay for the present. There were this one inn and a few other huts and enclosed paddocks scattered in the half-cleared forest around, but the sounds of nature, gentle and subdued as they were upon this quiet evening, far overpowered the faint noises of human occupancy. When tho drays had gone on and left us, and tho craeki»g of the last whip had; died away in th.a wood, and the last dog had done barking from some little shanty far among the troes ; then the air was filled with the whistling of birds, and tho gentle rush of tho evening breezes amoDg the topmost boughs ; [for the little river Brougham, wbioh falls into the larger Erskine here, had ceased to babble in tho drought — was sleeping till the summer should end. Very quiet was Romilly ia those old days, so old, yet in reality so recent. My father and mother were two people who carried home about with them. Thnsn turr. n»n«in sitting together would have made it home, even on an iceberg. Their inner life was so parfectly, placidly good; the flame of their lives burnt so clearly and so Bteadily that its soft light was re flected on the faces of all those who came within its influenoe ; and such virtues as there were among those who were familiar with them were brought into strong relief, while their vices retired into deep shadow. In a few words, they wore good people, and, like all good people, to some extent made others good. Not only did we of the family fall into our quiet grooves at once, but this town ship of Romilly began to rally round my father and mother before we had been established a week— be- gan to call at all hours and waste our time, to borrow and lend pots and kettle ; to give, to ask, but seldom or never to follow advice; to go on, in fact, much the same as the Cheslea people 'had done on the other side of the water. After the first week bf the establishment of our new shop, the;men came in and leant in at tho window, and sat on the anvil, and toyed with the hammers, just in the old style ; and, before my mother had been a week, in the hastily-ereoted slab-house, the woman began to come in, to flump down into a seat, and to tell her all about it. , So time began to run smoothly on once more, and a month began to slip by more rapidly than a week had used to do in moro unquiet seasons. , Trevittiok had been' a good and faithful friend to us, and, in spite of his moroseness and his fanati cism, we had got to be very fond of him. Morose he was at times, but he was never unkind; his devotion to. my mother was that of a true gentle man; and his kindness to the younger ones, children no longer now, was most fatherly and genial. But now it was painfully evident to me that poor Trevittick had stopped a little beyond the limits of fanaticism, and was rapidly becoming lunatic. ° I cannot remember the exact time when I first noticed deoided symptoms of his aberration ; but it was long before . my marriage. It was a Sunday, though, for he had been in the bush all day alone ; which was a habit ho acquired soon after our ar rival at Port Romilly. He had gained so much influence ovor my father that my father used to allow him to expound a chapter and give an extem pore prayer the first thing every Sunday morning. After this he used to depart into tho bush, and only come home late at night, loaving my father to blunder through tho Litany, and an orthodox sermon in' the iorenoon, before his family as bost he might ; which was not very well, for my father's education had boon limited and the slowest of Bible clerks might have given him half the distance, and said amen before him, easily. On this parti cular Sunday Trevittiok was later homo than usual. There was no one Jmt myself, and, when foe came in, having taken a long draught of cold tea (he waa ..... a strict teetotaller) he sat down opposite me, lit his pipe, and told me that on that very morning he had arrived at the unalterable conviction that he was condemned to everlasting reprobation^ ? He grew worse, as I said, juBt about tho time of ' my marriage; he would start up in the night and pray, and- make strange incomprehensible ejacula tions. Tom Williams had often considerable diffi culty in getting him quiet again. But the moat' '? awful night he had with him was the night before - ' the land sale ; it reacted on my father so that I waa '' ? afraid he would scarcely get through the day's ?'- business.. Trevittick seemed possessed of a dumb '?'? devil, and spent the whole night in walking silently up and down, with a short snatching gait, like a tiger in its cage. Tom said it was worse than any trick he had played him, and nearly scared him to death. 'Trevittick looked very ghastly the morning ' of ithe sale too ; the dark brown in his complexion remained, but the red was all gone, and he looked more like an unhealthy mulatto than a rich- colored Cornishman. :' ? . Everybody wa3 up early, with a full determination to make holiday of it; for land sales were few and far between in those days; and this one, coming a few days before Christmas, would make a very ???? good starting point for the Christmas saturnalia; ; The young men caught their horsas, and rode about ; or, if they had no horses of their own, bor- '? '? '?'?'' rowed some one else's; at the same time was begun : a long, objectless, and incomprehensible game of : cricket, in the which a man, by dextrous ma noeuvring, might have sixteen or seventeen innings, and which lasted from cockcrow to long after cur few. At the same time also everybody began to -' bathe, and kept on bathing while they were not riding about or cricketing, all day. Harry confided, to me that he had been ' in ' eight times. At about nine o'clock the black fellows arrived, and the dogs began barking ' as though there were bears in the ! town,' and barked on until the black fellows left ??' late in the afternoon. . :?.,... At about ten the auctioneer arrived, and with ? ? . ? him the hon. Mr Dawson. Soon after this all the elders of the township adjourned into the little '; court-house to look at the plans, and I, having ' been married a week, felt several degrees more -????'?? dignified than the Governor, and took my plaoa ': among the others with becoming gravity. After ;;. some time the court was filled, and the business . began. ' Silence, gentlemen, pray silence.' ' Silence yourself, you old scrubber,' was the polite rejoinder, the gentleman who spoke being slightly in liquor. 'What's the good of such a farce as this here? Why, there sits old Jack ; Dawson, the blacksmith, with his pockets full of money, ready to buy up the whole boiling, scot and lot ; while a poor man can't get a bit of land to put his foot on. He is goin to be king at Port Romilly, mates; and we're to be his humble servants. Blow that, I say.' : , There was a murmur of discontent through the hall. I saw Mr Dawson wince; for he could not .-... bear unpopularity. The first lot was put up, a lot of twenty acres, with frontage to -the Erskine. ., Mr Dawson did not compete. Neither did he for the next lot, or the next. It ? ' was evident that he had been affected by the sar- ''..' casms of the drunken man, and the evident ap plause with which they were received. All the lots with wharfage along the Erskine went without a sign from him ; and next the land further back towards the Cape Wilborforco mountain was put up. 'Your father is mad.' Erne said to me. ' He ia letting his fortune slip away under his eyes : . why on earth don't he bid ? All the best land is going. Do pray him to bid for this she-oalr lot; it's only 640. Why, it would grow 40 bushels to the acre ; I was over it yesterday.' My father's folly did seem to me incompre hensible. I pushed through to him, and pointed '...'. out what Erne had said. He was very pale and anxious ; but all I could get out of him was, ' All right, old man, leave it to me.' -As the sale went on -there was less and less com petition, as the land grew both poorer in quality from being further removed from the river and the bay. Several lots just under tho mountain went for the upset price'; and at last the sale was nearly con cluded, and the people bogan to go out. Three lots remained to be sold, and these three comprised a large portion of the mountain itself. As lot 67 was mentioned, I saw my father and Mr Dawson exchange glances, and everbody began to be funny. ' Lot 67, gentlemen,' began the auctioneer, 'a most eligible lot, gentlemen. If you were to ask me my opinion, as between man and man, I should say the most eligible lot which I have had the honor of tempting you with to-day. 1280 acres, or shall we say, two of 640. The soil, though not fertile, is dry, the situation is elevated, the air invigorat ing and salubrious, and the scenery romantic. On a clear day, as I am informed by our venerable and respected harbor-master, the light-house on Cape Pitt is distinctly visible to the naked eye.' Somebody said that with a glass you might see. old Jack Dawson sanding the men's sugar at Myr nong, sixty miles off. This unexpected attack oh my unoffending friend resulted in1 a violent and acrimonious personal/racas between Mr Dawson and the gentleman who had so rudely assailed them, in ' which several joined;' during which the noble gentleman so far forgot himself in the heat of debate as to say, that, 'if he got any more cheek from him, or any other carroty- haired, 'possum-headed,1 forty acre, post-and-rail son of a seacook, he would knock his head, into the shape of a slush-lump in two minutes.' Peace being restored in about.ten minutes, and the hon. Mr Dawson being left in a great heat, the auctioneer went on with tho description of the lot, only once interrupted by the hon. MrDawson suddenly, irrelevantly and gratuitously informing . the company, in a loud and defiant voice, that he would find a young smith, not twonty-one, virho should fight tho best man in that room for a' hundred pound a side. Much as I was flattered by this proof of my friend's confidence, I was glad no one came forwards. The auctioneer concluded, ' Now, whom can I tompt with this lot ? Can I tempt you, Mr Dawson ?' ' Yes, you can, sir,' retorted the still angry Mr Dawson. ' And I'll have thi« lot, sir, and my friend Mr Burton shall have the next, sir, if it cost fifty thousand pound, sir. Now. And, if any individual .: chooses to run this lot up out of spito, sir, whether that individual has red hair or green hair, sir, I will punch that individual's head immediately after tho termination of these proceedings, sir, and knock it against tho blue stono und mortar whioh compose ' tho walls of this court-house. Now, sir.' Howovor, nobody, I suppose, oaring to gflt hia head punched for a whim, the lot was knocked down to him, and immediately afterwards my father stepped forward, looking as white as a sheet. 'Now we come to lot 68, commonly known by yonr fellow-townsmenjis the Burnt Hut lot ;' exactly similar to lot 67, just knocked down to the hon. Mr Dawson, as a site for his new country house. _ Now, ?who would like to have our honored Legislative Councillor for a neighbor ? What gentleman of fortune can I tempt with this lot ? The lot is up. At one pound an acre. Will any one bid one pound an acre?' ' I will,' said my father, in a queer, hoarse voice. I saw that he was moistening his dry lips with his tongue. I began to grow deeply interested, half frightened. .- ' Going at a pound. Come, gentlemen ; if any one is going to bid, be quick. It is the last lot.' - ,-???:. There were but few left : and n© one of them spoke. The hammer came down, and I saw Mr Dawson clutch my father's arm. , ' The land is yours, Mr Burton. If you'll be good enough to step up and sign, I'll be able to get on as far as Stawell to-night. There is a good deal of ' snow-water coming down the Eldon this hot weather, and I don't like that crossing place after dark.' . Thanks to James Oxton's excellent conveyancing till, lands with a title direct from the Crown were transferred to the purchaser in about ten minutes. In that time my father was standing outsidi the ?court-house, with his papers in his hand, with Mr ©awson beside him. ' Where's Trevittick ?' almost whispered Mr Dawson. . ' ' Go, seek him at home, Jim, and fejch. him here,' said my father in the same tone. I went quickly home, with a growing awe upon me. Every one was behaving so queerly. My awe was not dissipated by my finding Trevittick, with his head buried in the blankets, praying eagerly and rapidly, and Tom Williams standing by as pale as a ghost.'. :-.?. ? ???:? '-?'?. ? ? ' ' ? ? . ' . ?? ' This is tii'e way he has been carrying on this last hour.' said poor Tom. 'I can't make nothing of Mm at all.' I went up to him and roused him. ' Trevittick,' I said, 'father has got the bit of. land he ?wanted.' He jumped up and clutched me by both arms. ?' Jim,' he said, 'if you're lying — . If you're Hying;—. ''H you're lying— ' We walked out and joined the two others, and all ?walked away towards the hill in silence. The boys were bathing, the cricketers were shouting, and the quaint, scattered village bore a holiday look. The neighbors were all ' sitting out at their doors, and greeted us as we went by; but yet everything seemed changed to me since the morning. I almost dreaded what ; was to come, and it seems to me now that it all happened instantaneously. We crossed the low lying lands which had been Bold that day, and came to our own — a desolate, un promising tract, stretching up the side of the moun tain which formed Cape Wilberforce, about three miles front the sea. The land bought by Mr Daw :son was similar to our own, separated from it by a sib of trap rock ; both lots were just as Erne ?described them, but ours was rather the. rockier «of the two. It was soon over. Trevittick took a hammer and some gads from behind a rock, and, going up to a low ledge, set them in, and began working furiously. Once he struck aside and hit the rock, and the rock, instead of clinking, gave forth a dull thud. In a few ininutes Trevittick had succeeded in detaching a piece about two feet square, the broken side of which shone strangely in the sun. It was a mass of solid, gleaming, virgin copper. The murder was now out. With the exception of one on Lake Superior, and one in South Australia, my father was the proprietor of the richest copper mine in the world. 