ST. MARY'S SUNDAY-SCHOOL, LECTURE HALL, AND INSTITUTE. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the above building was performed by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide at St. Mary's, Sturt/on Satur day afternoon. October 21. There was a very fair ana nigniy respeciaoie auenuance uu mu occasion. The site of the proposed building is a short dis tance north of St. Mary's Church. It was originally selected Jor the church, but circumstances occurred which caused the latter to be erected where it now stands. The new building is to front the west and its size is to be 22 by 42 feet in the clear, which will be sufficient to accommodate the Sunday-school, and when required to form a lec ture-hall. The style is Gothic. Messrs. Wright and Woods kindly prepared the plan and specifica tion, and presented them to the Committee. An arch, tastefully mode of evergreens and flowers and surmounted by flags, had been pre pared for the occasion. The appropriate service of the Church of England was read by His Lordship, assisted by the Rev. W. D. Williams, the Incum bent of the Church. The audience were then in formed of the contents of the bottle which was to be placed under the stone, namely, an inscription on parchment, which, after stating the names of the Governor, the Incumbent of the Church, Churchwardens, Treasurer, Building Committee, and Trustee, proceeded to explain the purposes for which the building was intended, namely, first as a Sunday schoolroom, in which the teaching was to be in accordance with the principles of the United Church of England and Ireland; secondly, as an Institute and Lecture Hall for secular learn ing not contrary to the aforesaid principles; and, thirdly, for the use of the Young Men's Associa tion, for Committee and other meetings, for mutual improvement or social enjoyment so long as such were conducted for the advancement and spread of knowledge amoug the youth of the neighbourhood. The bottle also contained copies of the daily papers, &c.; His Loudship then proceeded to lay the stone, saying, 'We now lay the foundation-stone or this building for the use of a Sunday-school and Lecture-hall, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' The 117th Psalm, commencing 'From all that dwell below the skies,' and the doxology were then sung. Mr. W. A. Hughes, the Treasurer, informed the assembly that the estimated cost of the building was £300. The subscriptions from the St. Mary's Young Men's Association and the Ladies' Working Committee amounted to £200. The Lobd Bishop of Adelaide then delivered an address. He thought that such occasions were a very hopeful sign of the rapid progress of Christianity. Wherever he went, from Port Augusta in the North, to Port Elliot in the South, in almost every place he found a Sunday-school and a Young Men's Association for mutual improve ment, and it was a source of great pleasure to him to see that there was such a desire for knowledge among the young men cf the colony. When they thought of the glorious examples of self help, such as were shown in the lives of George Btephenson and Hugh Miller, it ought to inspire the youth with a desire to emulate those great men in searching for knowledge. His Lordship alluded to the continuation which had taken pluce at St Mary's Church the previous Sunday, and expressed his gratitude that so many young people had been brought within the pale of Christianity; also the gratification which be felt on learning that there was no want of persons in St. Mary's Church to take charge of the children, and impart to them a knowledge of the truti: of the Holy Gospel. He then spoke at some length respecting the union of secular learning with the principles of religion, and expressed a hone that thev would never beat enrnitv with each other. He next proceeded to give various illustra tions of the fact of science having been mode sub servient to the truths of the Gospel, and concluded an eloquent address, which had been listened to with the deepest attention, by expressing a hope that God's blessing might rest on their labours. Mr. B. H. Babbage, in a few appropriate re marks, tendered, on behalf of those present sincere thanks to His Lordship for honouring them with his presence on that occasion, and also for the interest which he had evinced and the part he had performed in the ceremony. His Lordship briefly returned thanks for the manner in which they had appreciated his services. The Rev. W. I). Williams also expressed the warm interest which he felt in the event, and the gratification it afforded him. The proceedings were then brought to a con clusion by the .pronouncing of the benediction by His Lordship. 