ECHOES OF THE WEEK. (From the Illustrated London News, July 8th.) "His Honor reserved judgment." That is a pretty sentence to record, for the lawyers ! And upon what ? Why, in the year 1859, Lord Henry Seymour, who died in Paris, bequeathed about £80,000 to be distri- buted to "Les Hospices de Londres." Most probably his Lordship used hospices, in an awkward English way, to signify hospitals, and the law is called in to interpret his will, and it has been five years about it, for the law is in much the same state now as it was in the days of "Francis Spira," the civil lawyer of Venice, who used to lead on his clients till castles dwindled to dog-kennels, and brave estates were reduced to molehills. How much of the £80,000 will "Les Hospices " get? Bandied from the Master of the Rolls to the Lords Justices, and from them to the House of Lords, Lord Henry Seymour's bequest will grow marvellously thinner, if it survive the operation. For six long years "Les Hospices " have been with- out their rights, and last Friday " His Honor reserved judgment," and, it may be, in six more, perhaps, there being no less than twenty counsel engaged, Justice will hold out the empty shells to "Les Hospices," and, winking at the counsel, will repeat those famous lines, Englished verbatim from Boileau, by Pope : We thrive at Westminster on fools like you ; 'Twas a fat oyster-keep the peace, Adieu. Seriously, is there no way to cure this consumption of a bequest ? It is plain that one cannot construe " hospices " as meaning lawyers, and yet they will get the money. Let this little episode be a warning to all will-makers to avoid, like Cicero, on unaccus- tomed and indefinite word like a rock. At the close of last week occurred a fire which will long be remembered by ardent book-buyers and book lovers. The premises and warehouses of Messrs. Sotheby, Leigh, and Wilkinson, with a stock, valued at many thousands of pounds, of rare books, for a great sale was " on, " were consumed by our old enemy, the devouring element." All Mr. Offer's curious Bunyan library, containing many really unique examples of tractates relating to the Prince of Dreamers, were burnt, and many other priceless books -priceless because unique-were destroyed, and for ever. " Almost as good kill a man as kill a good book ;" said Milton, " who kills a man kills a reason- able creature- God's image ; but he who destroys a good book kills reason itself." Well the fire did this, which critics-and I do wish they would take this noble sentence from the Areopagitica to them- selves-have often failed to do, although (bless their innocent hearts !), what with burking and blackguarding, they tried hard to do so. The tearful tale of a working bookseller, who still kept in his breast much of the genuine love of books which dis- tinguishes the rare birds of this class, was almost comic in it6 pathos. "To see," said he, "the poor things still standing in rows on the shelves, burnt all round the edges, and spoilt, and deluged by water, was enough to break one's heart. Talk about a mother's love for her offspring. Ah, Sir ! what were her feelings to mine when I looked at that terrible scene !" Here, indeed, was an end of tall copies. Much of the stock was insured ; but, nevertheless, in the eyes of the book- lovers, the loss was irreparable. Very persistent is the rumour of the retirement of Lord Palmerston. The old lady who was determined to have fine weather did, as we all know, fix the wea- ther glass, by driving a pin through the hand, at " set fair." So the organ of the Tories will have it that we shall have seen the last of the gallant Premier during the present week, and to this state of the political atmosphere the barometer is fixed. But it seems only natural that, the wish being father to the deed, the wish should be disappointed. At Lord Palmerston's age, to which his enemies had made allusions which are discourteous if not utterly unfair, really a year or so does not much matter. When once a certain term has been passed it seems quite uncer- tain whether another decade shall not go as cosily by as another ten weeks. And so Lord Westbury, having been reproved by the House of Commons, has resigned ; and every one of us thinks, with a sigh, that it is a pity that so able a lawyer should have been so unfortunate in his family and so injudicious in his own actions. But Mr. Richard Bethell still goes on enjoying "life:" in places of public resort and in places of not the most savoury reputation the son of the Chancellor walks as proudly as before. One or two of the M.P.'s, in the debate in which the Government got defeated, quoted some obscure satirist ; they might have struck deeper if they referred to Dryden's great satire, in which Slingsby Bethell, Sheriff of London in 1680, figures prominently enough. By-the-way, the ancestor of Lord Westbury seems to have been troubled with some little of the parsimony attributed in joke by Punch to Lord Melbourne, who seldom dined at home : His cooks, with long disuse, their art forgot, Cool was his kitchen, though his brains were hot. The debate of Monday night is memorable as being (happily) the only one of its kind that had taken place for a hundred and forty years ! Mr. Mill has redeemed his promise, has met his con- stituents several times during last week, and delighted all his friends by his clear, vigorous, and ready speak- ing. But he has done more. In the present number of the Westminster Review there is an article which will, no doubt, be deservedly reprinted and become at once popular, although it concerns a subject which has few charms for the general reader. This article is a clear and masterly exposition of "the latter specu- lations of Auguste Comte," the great Positivist philosopher, and it is signed "J. S. M," Mr. Mill's article is not only curious but really very interesting, being a sermon on the decline of a great intellect. M. Comte, who was Positivist enough to reject all or any church, proposes gravely to worship Woman, as Mother, Wife, and Daughter; to worship the Earth, which he proposed to call the Great Fétiche; had a wonderful notion of les nombres sacres, and yet closely approximated in devotional egotism to Thomas à Kempis, which was a favourite book of his. No mere notice such as this can do any justice to Mr. Mill's article, which demolishes for ever the wonderful Comte. That great philosopher accused his.English admirers of maintaining " the conspiracy of silence" concerning his later performances ; it would have been better for him if that conspiracy had still existed. " Others may laugh," says Mr. Mill, "but we could rather weep at this melancholy decadence of a great intellect." We may add, that the Westminster also unearths a new American novelist, a Theodore Winthrop, one who fell as a private volunteer in the early part of the war, and left several novels, many times rejected, which, having been since published, turn out to be works of real genius. It is the old story of discovering merit when it is too late to reward it ! And so the " Life of Cæsar " is a gigantic failure. Uncut copies of the first volume have been advertised at 4s. 6d. each by those unhappy library companies who placed their trusts in Princes, and believed that the name of an Emperor could at once elevate him to the rank of a popular author. How the remaining volumes will "go" cannot be much of a secret, since public curiosity made whatever demand there was for the first volume. As the Imperial author has succeeded in other walks in life, he may as well leave that of letters. Lord Derby has been more blessed. His translation of Homer has reached its fifth edition. Thb Hights op Women.--The freedom of action allowed to Christian women (says the Header) still ' Btrikes the true Asiatic as inexplicable. The Dnyan prohash, a Marathi paper, publishes a letter carica- turing European ideas on this subject. The writer, who signs himself " Ghost," is made to say that the Queen is going to issue the following commands re- garding the conduct of husband and wife towards each other. Every husband must bow twelve times to his w ife the first thing in the morning. Next he would fetch water and bathe her, and having washed her clothes, must cook for the family. After that he should seat her in a becoming manner, and seive her food. He is then to give her Vida, _ and then care for his own stomach. The wife in her turn must kick him twelve times early every morning, make him work at the usual drudgery, and go to his office. AVomen are at perfect liberty to behave as they like. Adultery will not be reckoned sinful, neither will the Government look upon it as penal. The women are to be fully authorised to use the rod towards their husbands. A Pun by tub Phince op AValbs.-A correspon- dent of the Jotirnal de Geneve says:-''The Prince of AVales made his first official pun the other day. At the dinner he gave to Count Lagrange he wore a cravat with the colours of the winner of the Derby. ' This is an additional tie between France and England,' he said to the Count. In English, tie signifies both bond of union and cravat." Not long ago, a donkey at Churston Ferrers was stung to death by boes. 