TESTIMONIALS, FESTIVITIES, SPORTS, &c.; Messrs. D, and J. Fowler, grocers, gave their em-<*> ployes a supper at Barron's Dining rooms, King William-street, on Thursday, January 19; Mr. David Fowler, the senior partner, wishing to take his fare- -well of them before leaving the colony on a visit to England. A good and bountiful repast wag provided, and after the cloth bad been drawn, Mr. Boundy read and presented to Mr. Fowler the following address, which was very elegantly engrossed and framed:— "Adelaide, South Australia, January 19,1866. "Beapeotedand Dear Sir—Tour Intended departure from Ibis colony on a visit to your native land la an event which we cannot allow to pass without tendering to yon some taint expression of the feeling we entertain towards yon, not only In your oipacity of employer, bat in every affair of your life —public or private—ln which we have had opportunities of witnessing your conduct The high- principles which have goidea you In all your, transaction! have won for you the esteem and respect of your fellow-tradesmen, and of all with whom you have been connected; while your pnblio acts have been marked by strict Integrity and uprightness. " We also desire to record out appreciation or your earnest endeavors to promote the "religious and social welfare of your fellow-colonists, together with the ready sympathy and help yon have accorded to all who have sought your adrioe or assistance. '•We trust that you, with your esteemed lady and family, may be protected and guided in safety to your destination, andihat the bfn?*'c'"l results of your voyage may be equal to your most sanguine aatidpatioas. _. " Your employes In Bbuth Australia, In soliciting yonr acceptance of the accompanying trifle as a small * memento ef their regard, beg yon to accept their best wishes tor your health, happiness, and prosperity. "David Fowler, Esq.*l Mr. S. P. Engsley then presented to Mr. Fowler the testimonial alluded to in. the address. It was a very neat, yet chaste, inkstand (by Wendt), constructed oat of an. emu egg, on a stand of blaokwood and silver, and adorned with evidences of colonial physiology. On a plate fixed in the blaokwood there was the following inscription:— *' Presented to David Fowler, Bag., by his employes in South Australia, January, 1865." In making the presentation Mr. Kingsley alluded to the unostentatious character of Mr. D. Fowler, and the consequent unacceptableness of any fulsome or flattering compliments. He ex pressed on behalf of himself and fellow assistants sincere wishes for Mr. Fowler's future welfare, and in oonclusionproposed much health and happiness to him. Mr. D. Fowler replied to the toast in a feeling and suitable manner. TTn explained that he ought, as was originally proposed, to have been their guest; but he preferred this kind,of gathering, because'he could speak without restraint or fear of criticism, whereas if there had been a large assemblage the case would have been very different. He admitted that while his chief aim was success in business, he had always endeavoured to please and gain the goodwill of those in bis employ. It was his desire to eea all succeed, as he was thankful to say he had; and fife impressed on all present the necessity of each feeling bis own responsibility, and doing bis best, no matter in what sphere he moved- He coald de pend on those in his employ, and he looked forward with confidence to the prospects of the firm under the management of bis partner and brother, Mr, G. S. Fowler, who would conduct the business during his absence. With reference to bis departure, he said there were ties here that were not easily severed; but his desire was to ccc his parent, friends, and na tive laud once more. Affectionate counsel and ad vice were given in the kindest manner, and he asked to be excused for referring on that occasion to the uncertainty of life. It was possible that Borne there might never meet (gain, and consequently they should be prepared for that other world to which they were all tending.. He finished an appropriate speech by expreeing his sincere' viieh for the present and future .welfare of Mb employes. Mr. J. Stobie next rose, and on behalf of himsrff and Messrs. A. Thom son, and W. Tyrie, alllatejemployes of Messrs. D. and J. Fowler, presented Mr. D. Fowler with a very elegant article of colonial workmanship (also by Wendt), as a memento of their respect and esteem. It bore the following inscription:—" Presented to David Fowler, Esq., by J. Stobie,.A. Thomson, and W. Tyrie, January 19, 1865." Mr. Fowler thanked them for their gift, and said he was proud, to see bis late employe** in the honorable positions they now occu pied, and the BUCces? which had followed their industrious exertions. He then proposed the health of bis friends and former employe's, Messrs. Tyrie and Stobie, and wished them continued and in creasing prosperity. The latter gentleman responded, though he was evidently affected by the circum stances under which the company were assembled. Mr. Thomson's health was also given and acknow ledged. The health of Mr. G. S. Fowler, recently returned from England, was given and a cordial welcome extended to him. Continued success and prosperity to the firm were proposed and suitably acknowledged. The healths of Mr. D. Fowler and family and Mr. Ot. S. Fowler were also proposed, and the company then rose, joined hands in Scotch fashion, and sang with much effect, ? Auld long Syne." The evening was throughout of the most pleasant character, the cordial reciprocity of feeling and goodwill between the Messrs. Fowler and their assistants being a marked and gratifying feature of the entertainment, which we should not omit to state was interestingly diversified by songs and recitations from Messrs. Clancey, Kingsley, Preston, D. Stobie, and Warning. Mr. Fowler leaves to-day by the City of Adelaide, and all his numerous friends, we are sore, will wish him a safe and pleasant voyage. A deputation of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Association, consisting of Messrs. Follarton, Webb, and Hopkins, met their President (the Bey. C Marryat) on Monday morning in the Magistrate's private room adjoining the Court-House, Pore Ade laide, and presented him with the appended address, accompanied by a very handsome inkstand, com posed: of an emu's egg set in and mounted with silver :— "To the Bey. C. Marryat, President of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Association. " Beverend and Dear Sir—We the undersigned members of the above Association cannot allow you to leave the colony, even for the short tune you contemplate, without taking a hearty farewell of you. "The Society which'we compose owes its formation and present condition to year exertions alone. Tour constant attention and ?m**?fiig zeal has been, we aib satisfied, most beneflntal. and we doubt not bet that moon good will result from your efforts on oar behalf. "On your return we venture to express the hope that you will find us Increased In numbers, Improved In Information, and earnest in tne pursuit of the Aid for whioh you formed the Society. "Many wish you a safe Journey and speedy return; but none can more earnestly nope for your welfare, or more heartily hall your arrival in South Australia than the mem bers of the Port Adelaide Young Mien's Association." \- [Signed ty the whole of the members.] Dr. Duncan then stepped forward and presented the following address from the office bearers, on behalf of the congregation of St. Paul's Ohuroh, Port Adelaide, of which the rev. gentleman is pastor :— "To the Her. Canon Marryat, H. A., of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, and late of St Margaret's, Woodvilte. "Beverend and Dear Sir—On the eve of your departure for a short visit to England we an desirous, in the name of the congregation which we represent, to wish you a pleasant voyage and a happy meeting with that part of your j family from which yon hare been so long separated, and to assure you. that we shall look forward to your return with the greatest pleasure. . "May the gracious providence of Almighty God. tie Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be with yon, and in crease ytmr impptness, to guide you through every difficulty, and to protect you from every danger. Amen." [Signed by the several officebearers, on behalf of the congregation.] Dr. Duncan took occasion at the same time to pre sent Mrs. Marryat with an exceedingly chaste : epergne, set in and mounted with silrer; also a card leaw. "AT complimentary dinner was given to Captain Bruce of the ship <Sty;of Adelaide by a few of his friends at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Angas-street, on Thursday afternoon. About 26 gentlemen sat down to a splendid dinner provided by Mr. Aldridge in his very best style. His Worship the Mayor of! Adelaide occupied the chair, and was supported on j his right by Captain Bruce and the Postmaster- General, and on his left by Mr. J. T. Turnbull and Mr. A. Hay. Mr. T. English filled the vice-chair. After the cloth was removed the usual loyal toasts were proposed by the Chairman and duly honored. His Worship then proposed ? The health of Captain \ Bruce." He referred in the most complimentary ? manner to the satisfaction which the Captain had always given to his passengers by his kind and gentle manly attention to their comfort, and to shippers of goods by his care during the long period he had been engaged in the trade. He con cluded by wishing long and continued prosperity to the captain and the fine vessel he commanded. The toast was drank with the most cordial heartiness, and Captain Bruce responded in appropriate and feeling terms. He spoke of his long experience, and eaid that the comfort of his passengers had always been, and ever would be his constant study. Mr. P. Gumming then proposed the health of Captain Brace's family, and referred to his being an old acquaintance of the captain, who was a fellow-towns man from the Fair City of Perth. Mr. C. Todd pro posed the health of the chief officer of the city of Adelaide—Mr. J. Bruce, the captain's con —and the other officers of the ship. Mr. T. C, Bray proposed the health of the doctor of the vessel—Dr. Nason—and referred to the great satisfaction he had hitherto given by his skill and ability. The healths of the passengers by the ship and of the owners were also given, and heartily responded to. Mr. English then proposed the health of the Chairman, remarking that he was always ready to assist by his presence at social gatherings, and to promote good will among his fellow- citizens. The healths of the ex-Mayor— Mr. S. Goode—and of the Vice-Chairman, were pro posed, and the company broke up about 7 o'clock, after spending a most pleasant and agreeable after noon. We may mention that letters were read from Mr. Geo. Young, who was to have presided, and other gentlemen, apologising for their absence. A dinner was given at tbe Prince of Wales Hotel on Tuesday evening, by the Manager and Directors of the National Bank, to the contractors and work men who have been engaged on the handsome build ing just finished in King William- Btreet for the Ade laide branch of the Bank. About 120 persons sat down about 7 o'clock to an excellent cold collation provided by Mr. G-eo. Aldridge, who evinced on this occasion his usual care and attention to the comfort of his visitors. The chair was occupied by Mr. E. W.Wright, supported,by T. English and Woods, and the vice-ohair was filled by Mr. Wildy. The Chairman apologised for the absence of Mr. E. M. Young, the Bank Manager, who was unavoidably detained by the press of business attending the de parture of the English mail. After the excellent dinner had been duly disonased, tbe Chairman pro posed the usual loyal toasts, and then gave "The Health of His Excellency the Governor," who, he Baid, had taken a lively interest in the new Bank building, as he had in every building that would adorn and improve the city. This toast having been duly honored, Mr. Wake gave an exceedingly humorous recitation, and the Chairman called for bumpers and proposed " The Health of the Manager and Directors, and continued prosperity to the National Bank.' He referred to the establishment being peculiarly a people's Bank, and to the success which had attended its foundation in the colony; to the improved style of architecture shown in the building itself, and to the extreme credit due to the workmen who have rendered every part of it so complete, and eaid that their work had given the utmost satisfaction toftbe Manager and the Directors. -He concluded by saying that whatever handsome structures might hereafter be erected in Adelaide, no one would ever be ashamed of the new buildings. Toe- toast was drunk with great applause and musical honors. Mr. Bastard returned thupfea on behalf of the Manager and Directors. He said he had been sent there by the Manager to see that they had everything for their comfort. Mr. P. Parkinson responded for the shareholders, and re marked that he thought the Bank wa? conducted in the very best manner possible. Mr. English then proposed "the health of the Architects, Messrs. Wright and Woods." He thought? that all would agree with him in saying that Messrs. Wright and Woods had improved the city. He had executed work under Mr. Wright for the last 12 years, and he could not wish for a better person to work with, and he did not in saying this speak disrespectfully of any other architect. He considered the National Bank one of the finest buildings in the colonies. The toast was duly responded to by the Chairman. After which the health of Mesers. English and Brown, the contractors, was proposed, and cordially received and acknowledged. Mr. Parkinson next rose to pro pose " The Working Men." He said he was once a working man and was very jealous of their rights. Although the architects could draw the designs,- and the builders had the money, yet it wanted the working man to raise the edifice. Mr. T. English here favored the meeting with a song c&Uled; " Nothing." Several other songs were given throughout the evening. Mr. Wildy then responded on behalf of the working men.: After several other toasts had been drunk, a very agreable meeting terminated. The Quarterly Soiree of the South Australian Institute took place at White's Booms on Friday evening, the 13th January, There was as usual a crowded room.- The ohair was taken at 8 o'clock by Mr. A. Stair, M.P., one of the Governors, who opened the proceeding? by giving a brief report of the progress of the Institute during the past quarter, showing that the number of subscribers and the issue of books were still on the increase. He also men tioned the receipt of another consignment of books from England, and of some curiosities from the Northern Territory reoentiy presented by Dr. Ninnis to the Museum. He said that the German Class, under Mr.lTootnagel, though not large continues to increase. The Hullah classes, under Mr. H. F. Prioe, continue to be very successful. The third elementary class has just begun its second quarter with upwards of SO pupils. The upper class has recently been transformed into a Society under the title of the Orpheus Society. It contains about 40 members at present, andi? open either to persons who have gone through the elemen tary course or to amateurs possessing some know ledge of vocal music. The orchestra, which consisted of Chapman's and the Brunswick bands, under the leadership of Mr. Chapman, then performed Auber'e I sprightly overture to " Zanetta," and wemustcon ! fess that we never heard it played better. After the song " Hearts and Homes;" by Mr. Edwards, and another by Mrs. Wishart, " Ne'er of Sorrow," from Lucrezia, both of which were well received, the band performed a selection from Kreutzer's opera " Das Nachtler." It is the first time that any part of this opera has been produced in Adelaide, and it waa a perfect treat to the lovers of good music. The exe cution of the selection by the band did them the utmost credit. The Chairman then called upon the Bey. J. C. Woods to deliver the first part of bis pro mised lecture on the " Distinctive Forms of Wit and -Humor, illustrated by Irish, Scotch, and American examples." The reverend gentleman commenced with a brief definition of wit and humor generally, and then went on to show that the local position of the different peoples influenced the peculiar characteristics of their national humor. He proceeded to relate a great many capital anecdotes of the "compound con trariety of ideas" and.good humor, which he con sidered to be the elements of Irish wit He closed the first portion of bis lecture with some remarks on Irish bulls. After an interval of ten minutes, Herr Heydecke performed the Oujtu animam from Rossini's "Stabat Mater" on the olarinette with orchestral accompaniments. The sweetness and purity of tone which distinguish Herr Heydeoke's clarinette playing are too well known to need any further commenda tion. It is sufficient to say that his performance on this occasion was faultless. The comic duet "AB C." was sung by Mrs. Wishart and Mr. Edwards, and was loudly encored. The Bavenswood Waltzes, adapted from the opera of " Lucia," were performed by file Band, and the Bey. J. C. Woods then pro ceeded with the second part of bis lecture. He commenced by commenting upon Scottish wit, com batting the general idea that Scotchmen possess no humour, though he believed them to be more humorous than witty. The affection of the Scotch for their heroes, and their sensitiveness to national defeats, were illustrated by appropriate anecdotes. The lecturer then epoke of American humour, and the exaggeration which IB a 'marked feature in their national character. He referred also to their pecu liar physical formation and personal appearance, their mental smartness and restlessness. He gave various instances of the mixture of smartness and exaggeration which generally compose together the Yankee humour, and then read one of Lowell's cele brated Biglow Papers. In conclusion he referred to English wits, and to the popularity which Lord Palmerston's humour had obtained for him. The rev. gentleman was loudly cheered on resuming his seat. The Band then executed the overture to " Oberon," and this was admirably performed, not withstanding the excessive difficulty of the music. Mr. Edwards sang " The Boatman of the Downs," and Mrs- Wishart " Sultan Zulema," from Satanella. A second selection from the opera "Das Nachtler," next performed by the band, was quite equal to the first, and as well performed. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried on the motion of Mr. J. P. Bouoaut, and the evening's entertainment concluded with the "National Anthem." Before closing this notice, it ib only just that we should refer again with pleasure to the excellent orchestral music which con stituted bo marked a feature of this soiree. Although the number of performers was not large, the power of the instruments was well balanced, and the time and execution were really admirable, The music performed was also of a much higher order fhan we have heard at concerts for- aiong time past. ~ The firing of three guns at 9 o'clock on Friday evening, the 20th inst., and. the sound of the-bugle, notified to the -volunteers a night -alarm. Both officers and men turned out with praiseworthy quickness, and within a quarter of an hour there was a tolerably large muster in front of .the Armory on North-terraoe. The salute was fired by Sergeant Biggs and Gunners Laurence and Hagedorn,who were on the ground ten minutes after receiving the order. The first men to come down after the alarm-were Sergeant Wedemeyer, of the First Adelaide Rifles, Trooper Norman, of the Beedbeds Cavalry, and Privates Cunningham and Logan. The total force appears from the muster-roll to have been—Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, Major Sellar (field officers), and 94 officers and men belonging toj the following companies : —Artillery, 18; Oity Sines, 7 ; Eastern Suburban, 11; Strathelbyn, 1; Adelaide Rifles, 10; Hindmarsh Bines, 2; Beedbeds Cavalry, 6; West Adelaide Rifles, 14; First Adelaide Rifles, 24; Port Adelaide, 1. The Colonel-Commandant was also present and directed the movements. A patrol of the Beedbeds Cavalry and a party of infantry reconnoitred, and the evolutions of the battalion con sisted of line and column movements, all of which, so far as the great darknes? permitted one to judge were satisfactorily performed. At the conclusion of the drill three cheers were given for the Queen, the Colonel, and the Lieutenant-Colonel. The fob lowing is the official list of names, as published by on contemporary this morning :—Seedbeds Cavalry— Lieut. Harrold, Farrier P. Rowe, Troopers W. J. Bailey, B. O. Fox, B. Merchant, and H. Norman. Adelaide Artillery—Captain W. J. Blackham, Lieut. L. B. Mathews, Sergeant-Major S. H. Biggs, Ser geants F. Darling, C. E. Firnhaber, and H. E. Aplin, Corporals Samuel' Lawrence and Joseph N. Perry, Privates W. L. Dobson, F. Hagedorn, William Hazeal, Isaac Beid, B.Solomon, W. W. Sorrel], B. E. Turnley, A. Young, Robert Semple, and R. Logan. Port Adelaide.Bifles —Gapfc T. P. Addison, First Adelaide Rifles—Lieut. Moody, Sergeants Wedemeyer and F. B. Cariin, Corporal G. Williams, Bugler W. Girdler, Privates J. W. Allison, G. F. Barker, A. H. Beyer, T. G. .Brown, A. Cunningham, T. Forsyth, jun., J. Gray, Jan., P. Hamond, Haver land, F. Heydecke, W. H. Heydecke, J. Logan, James Price, W. H. Boss, J. Scarborough, W. Shoobridge, S. Solomon, W. Sumsion, and J. Waite. Adelaide Rifles- Lieut. N. Blyth, Privates J. Allen, J. M. Anderson, B. S. Benham, B. Blackham, J. S. B. Fiveash, B. Say, J. W. Peryman, H. Stoddart, and E. T. Titt. West Adelaide—Sergeants H. Moore, and T. Austin, Privates T. Bates, W. Groser, Thos. Hau, Joseph Hicks, J. Lyons, J. T. Pearson, John Pine, Richard Beid. J. P. Byan, Samuel Straps, Henry Tanbridge, and W. Wilson. Eastern Suburban— Major J. Z. Sellar, Lietenant D. H. H. Weir. Ser geant W. Starnes, Bugler E, Girdler, Privates H. Coombes, E. W. Hayward, H. Hienemann, B. M. Perrymann, W. H. Starnes, W. Welbourne, J. Wells. Strathalbyn Rifles—Captain L. Herbert, Oity Bines.—Corporal H. Linde, Privates J. A. Bagshaw, D. Bebee, J. W. Chambers, J. B. Oolley, and C.S. Hill. Hindmarsh Rifles—Privates Adolphus Whicker, and Joseph Scott. We may mention that similar alarms were given at the same hour— 9 o'clock—at Eapunda, Gawlec, and. the Port. We are indebted to Drill-Instructor Slater for the following list of names of the volunteers who turned ont on the night of the 20th inst., at Gawler, in the order as they arrived. The signal was five guns fired at one minute interval &nd; a blue light hoisted at. the Gawler Arms:—Private W. Tay lor, First Gawler Rifles, 1} minutes from first gun firing; Private Thompson, First Gawler Rifles, 2 do. do.; Corporal Barnett, First Gawler Rifles, 3£ do. do.; Private Fowler, First Gawler Rifles, 3$ do. do.; Private W. J. Woodman, First Gawler Rifles, 5 do. do. -, George Sheriff, First Gawler Rifles, 5 do. do.; Private Doe, First Gawler Rifles, 7 do. do.; Assistant Sergeant-Major Young, 7 do. do.; Lieu tenant Clements, First Gawler Rifles, 8 do. do.; Private T. Andrews, Gawler Volunteers; Private W. G. Clark Gawler Volunteers; Private Beid, First Gawler Rifles; Private H. Turner, First Gawler Rifles; Lieutenant Kinnear, First Gawler Rifles; Captain Ogilvy, Gawler "Volunteers; Bugler FrankeU, First Gawler Rifles ; Private Hutchinson, First Gawler Rifles; Private Palmer, First Gawler Rifles; PrivateW. Odewahn, First Gawler Rifles; Private Lloyd, Gawler Volunteers; Private Pitta, Gawler Volunteers; Private Lindon, Gawler Volunteers; Private A. Woodman, First Gawler Rifles; Private Stately, Gawler River; Assistant- Surgeon Nott, First Gawler Rifles; Corporal Cheek, Gawler Volunteers; Corporal E. W. Bassett, First Gawler Rifles; Corporate. Brown,GawlerVolunteers; Corporal Gates, Gawler Volunteers; Corporal 'Ha gerty, Gawler Volunteers; Private Stott, Gawler Volunteers; Sergeant Firgie, Gawler Volunteers; Private Doran, Gawler Volunteers; Private Boyle, Gawler Volunteers; Lieutenant Finch, Gawler Volunteers; Private Willa, First Gawler Bines ; Private Daniels, First Gawler Rifles; Private TirreU, First Gawler Rifle?; Private Popham, Gawler Volunteers; Private Hughes, First Gawler Rifles j Corporal Percival, First Gawler Rifles; Private Robinson, Gawler Volnnters; Private Percy, Gawler Volunteers; Private Kundt, Gawler Valanteers; Private Walker, Gawler Volunteers; Private Woods, First Gawler Rifles; Private Kittle, Gawler Volunteers; Private Coward; Gawler Volunteers; Private Claw, Gawler Volunteer*; Captain Martin, First Gawler Rifles; Private Jeanke, Gawler Volunteers; Private Hardy, First Gawler Rifles; Private Martin, Gawler Volunteers; Private C. Bichards, Gawler Volunteers; Private Clenan, Gawler Volunteers; Private Summerton, Gawler Volunteers; Sergeant -Murcomb, Gawler Volunteers ; Private J. Murcomb, Gawler Volunteers; Private Goldney, First Gawler Bines. Total, 59 of all ranks. The annual meeting of the South Australian Society of Blues was held at Mr. W. J. Brind's office, North terrace, on Thursday, January 12. Mr. E. J. Craw ford was voted to the chair. The report for the year was read, from which it appeared that the total num ber of members paying subscriptions was 17, and the total number enrolled 27, Two brothers had been temporarily relieved during the year. The accounts for the past year were also read, and showed a balance n favor of the Society of £14 2s. The report and balance-sheet were received and adopted, and it was resolved that the Secretary should write to all known Blues, informing them of the annual meeting, and reminding them that the subscriptions are due on the 29th January; and that the former Committee be re elected ; also, that the usual dinner of the Society takes place on Easter Tuesday, if convenient. This being all the business the meeting separated. A meeting of the Committee' of the South Aus tralian Eifle Association -was held at the Governor's Office on Wednesday, His Excellency the Governor j presided, and there were present—Colonel Biggs, the' Hon. GK C. Hawker, Captain Ferguson, Captain Paterson, and Mr. Gk 8. Kingston (Secretary). The Secretary stated that the butts were now just completed, and the ranges were being laid out. It was for the Committee to decide the days on which the matches should take place, and when that was done he would suggest that a Committee be appointed to arrange the programme, There was no doubt now they had four bntts (hat the matches would be finished within four days, including the firing for the Government prizes. It was agreed that the matches should commence on Monday, 1 April 3, at 11 o'clock, on the South- Park Lands as usual. It was resolved to adopt the programme of last rear, subject to the approval of a meeting to be called for that purpose. The programme was then gone through, and the distance of 800 yards was substituted for 700 yards in the second match.' The Hon. Q. C. Hawker presented to the Association as a Consolation Stake, to be shot for by rifle men scoring next to winners, an Armory Company Enfield rifle, with a spare barrel. Capt. Ferguson wished to allow carbines to compete in the matches, bat it was considered unfair, as the carbines were superior to the Enfield. He proposed a motion to this effect, but it was not seoonded. He then moved that a second match be got up for carbines, as without such a contest the Seedbeds Cavalry would be ex cluded. But this was also negatived, as it was said that the Seedbeds Cavalry had Enfield's with which they could fire. His Excellency then said he would give a prize of £5, or £5 worth, to be fired for by the carbines, at 200, 800, and 600 yards. The Ist of March was fixed for the next meeting, and the bu siness olo?ed. The firing of the first series of the Seedbeds Cavalry for the Government prize took place on Friday, the 13th instant,- at the Company's Butts, Seedbeds. The weather was very fine, but a strong south-westerly wind prevailed daring the day. The following are the total eoores—ranges 200, 300, 600, and 600 yards, 10 rounds at each range:— 200 yds. 300 yds. 600 yds. 600 yds. Tl. Capt. Ferguson ... 27 35 32 16 90 Sergt. Jones ._ 22 20 20 n 73 Trooper Bailey ... 18 21 6 3 43 Fox _ ... 30 32 24 18 9* Hemmlngway 24 21 13 10 74 Norman .„ 28 16 21 16 81 Prettyjohn ... 25 26 is IB 81 C. White ... 27 20 is 13 IS Williams 26 j, 19 23 * 11 Marchant ... 20 24 17 9 7o The first !prize, therefore, was won by Trooper Fox, the second by Captain Ferguson, and the third by Trooper Prettyjohn. Norman tied with Prettyjohn for the third place, but as Prettyjohn made fewer misses he took the prize. It should be stated that Mr. Norman was Buffering from anattaok of sore eyes, which interfered considerably with his firing. The men qualified in this company to fire in the second series for the Government prizes are Captain Ferguson, Sergt Jones, and Troopers Fox, Hemming way, Norman, Fretfyjohn, and G, White, The Report of the Immigration Agent for .the quarter ending December 31.T.864, seltas to the three vessel* whiobjarrived from England with immigrants during that period. Of the Adamant, which arrived on the 12th October, Dr. Duncan aanu—"The ship was veil adapted for. emigrants. The master and officers afforded every assistance to the uurgeon- Buperintendent, who performed his duties very effi ciently. The male immigrants seemed to be chiefly of the class of 'ordinary laborers, while the chief de mand is for men .accustomed to farming operations." The Tarquin arrived on the 3rd December. Some discontent arose in this ship, owing to a discrepancy between the charter-party and the printed papers issued by the Commissioners, detailing the weekly, issues of stores for the people; bat this was rectified | by the surgeon-superintendent. " The ship was very ! well adapted for emigrants, being fairly lighted and' ventilated, and when it arrived was in ft perfect state j of cleanliness. In this vessel, thongh there was a kind of round-house instead of a regular poop, which is most desirable in ehip? carrying emigrants, yet the disadvantages of the round-house were entirely prevented by a railway or barricade, a few feet from the front of the poop; through the gates of this barrier no one, except on duty, was per mitted to pass, so that the eingle women were kept perfectly isolated from the other passengers. The Surgeon-Superintendent reports very strongly of the benefit derived from this simple contrivance. Throughout the whole voyage Dr. Pearse, the Burgeon-Superintendent, performed his arduous duties in the most efficient and judicious manner. The people of this ship appeared to be generally of ineligible class. The single women were particu larly well behaved; some of the single men, espe cially the Oornishmen, were exeedingly troublesome. The ship was badly ventilated and very indifferently lighted. The health of the people during the voyage was good. The provisions and water were of excel lent quality. The ship was not very clean, and many of the people were troublesome, and evidently not under discipline. The immigrants by this ship were apparently a very inferior set of people as a general role." The statistical table shows the total number of immigrants during the quarter to be 939, of which number the Adamant brought 368, the Tarquin 274, andtbe?ocfeliff 297. The following return of the number of live stock im ported into and exported from the province of South Australia, during the quarter ending 31st of December, 1864, is published in this week's Gazette. Imports — From New South Wales : 2,050 sheep, 505 cattle, 60 horses. From Victoria : 15,122 sheep, 128 cattle, 60 horses. Total, 17,172 cheep, 633 cattle, 110 horses. Exports—To New South Wales: 47,760 cheep including 600 rams. To Victoria: 87,987 sheep, including 1,026 rams. Total, 135,737. No cattle or horses exported. The excess of exports is 118,665 cheep, and of imports 633 cattle, and 110 hones. Among oar obituary notices in another column appears the name of Benjamin Archer Kent, M.D., the report of whose death in London was received by this mail. Dr. Kent arrived in this colony about 25 years ago, and earned on the business of a miller in a mill erected on his section, opposite Bailey's Garden. The reverses which overtook so many of the early colonists compelled Dr. -Kent to relinquish hie business after heavy losses. He then devoted himself to his profession, and soon succeeded in obtaining one of the most extensive, if not the largest, practice iv Adelaide. Shortly after the Vic torian diggings commenced, and when land became exceedingly valuable in the colony, he determined to sell his section, now better known as Kent Town. This yielded a very handsome profit, and - Dr. Kent was enabled to retire from practice and to visit England, baring first, to bis honor be it written, dis charged every liability arising from bis early misfor- I tunes. After a short sojourn in England, where Mrs. Kent died, the doctor visited this colony, about six years ago, and returned to England after' a tour through America. Shortly after his arrival at home he married Miss Newman, the daughter of Mr. John Newman, of Port Adelaide. Hi? death, which was caused by inflammation of the lungs, was sudden end unexpected. He leaves two members of his family in this colony to mourn his loss—Mrs. Bayer, the wife of Dr. Bayer, of North- terrace, and Mr. Geo. Kent, of the Civil Service. A correspondent, writing from the Wakefiald River under date 19th January, says of his wheat crop of this year:—" I consider I shall not be far out iv saying that from 66 acres I have reaped 1,000 bushels. In another paddock which I sowed very late in July, strange to say, the outside land is very smutty, and the inside land quite clear. T&e; seed was all the same kind." The "City of Adelaide 1' carries away from our shores several well-known and respected colonists, for whom we wish prosperous breezes, a pleasant voyage, and a safe and happy arrival "home." Amongst the passengers are the Bey. 8. D, Green, Mrs. Green, and children; the late Mayor of Ade laide—Mr. 6. Goode, Mrs. Goode, and children; Mr. David Fowler and family ; Mrs. E. W. Wright and two children; Miss Stuckev; Mr. Geo. Shaw, Mrs. Shaw, and Miss Shaw; Mr. and Mrs. Scarfe; and Mr. and Mrs. Sellar—Mr. is father of Major J Z. Sellar, of Stepney, an old gentleman 72 years of age, who has just fallen into a valuable freehold pro petty iv Surrey, and goes home to take possession. 