LITERATURE. The English and Australian Cookery Book. By an AUSTRALIAN ARISTOLOGIST. " Sir," said Dr. Johnson, with that charac- teristic majesty which at once settles the ques- tion, " I like to dine." So do we too, but the question is how ? It is very easy to feed. The Esquimaux feed after a fashion, and we are told on good authority that raw seal is first-rate, and only surpassed by white bear just killed, which, it seems, is so appetising that poor old Dirk Barentz, the Dutchman, lost two of his men from a surfeit of white bear, which they loved not wisely but too well. Sir John Richardson, after starving with Franklin in his first fearful overland expedition, horrified a supper party in London, where he was starring it on his return, by saying that, to his own taste, the only thing uneatable was "owl; hawk was bad, but owl was intolerable." Our aboriginal friends in the Australias have a weakness for grubs, and the few whites who have followed their tastes say that grubs are first- rate. The traveller Bell observed whole rows of badgers hung up for sale in China, just as rabbits are displayed in the English markets ; and those who have partaken of the meat, especially of the European badger, say that it is excellent. The locust tribe, as they are the greatest de- stroyers of food, furnish, in return, a consider- able supply of it to many nations. They are ground by the Arabs, made into cakes, and baked like bread; they are also boiled and then stirred with batter into a fricassee. Sparman informs us that the Hottentots are highly rejoiced at the arrival of the locusts in their country, although they destroy all the verdure, eating them in such vast quantities as to get visibly fatter than before, and making of their eggs a brown or coffee-colured soup. The Africans parch the white ants in iron pots, over a gentle fire, and then eat them by handfulls, as we do comfits. Smeat- man says he has several times eaten them dressed in this way, and thought them deli- cious, nourishing, and wholesome, resembling in taste sugared cream or sweet almond paste. Humboldt tells us, though we shudder while we quote, that the Indian children have been seen " to draw out from the earth, and eat, millipedes, or scolopendras, eighteen inches long and seven inches broad." The prettiest and most accomplished woman we ever met had a taste for pony, and horse-flesh is once more coming rapidly into use in, at least, Northern Europe; the reason of its ex- clusion hitherto bring, not that it is particu- larly worse than beef, but that the first Christian priests banned it, as belonging to the especially sacred to Odin. Mahomet, who, between managing his armies and his wives, writing the Koran, and going up to Heaven in dreams, had his hands full, but occasionally indulged his spare leisure with select dinner-parties, propounded the question, "What is the best possible dish ? " The unanimous consent of the guests followed the opinion of Omar, the prophet, that it was the neck of a she-ass roasted with chesnuts and onions. Charles Lamb has said that he must have been a bold man who first swallowed an oyster; but we enlightened Britons, and sons of Britons, swallow than in multitudes, and raw too. A German will not eat a rabbit, which he looks on as a rat; and per contra, Englishmen will not eat snails, a small plate of which at Vienna costs five shillings, or frogs, which can only be got in France with a great deal of trouble, and at the cost of at least a pound. The fact is, pretty nearly everything is eatable, prejudices apart, pro- vided it be got up into a proper state to meet that discriminating organ the stomach. It is not the food we want, but the way to cook it. The way to cook it is, all our readers will allow, a terrible want in Australia. It is pos- sible to get a dinner in Melbourne for half a guinea about as good as for three francs in Paris. Pay Scott well, and he can do the thing in style, equal to that of a good second rate European capital. But what we want is, that the dinner of private life—the meal to be shared by half a dozen, whether in the city or the bush—should be brought up in a form which will not require an ostrich to digest, or compel us to feel the ghost of it hopping about our interior tenement for the day after. Whether the generally abominably bad cookery of the Australias depends chiefly upon the prevailing infliction of "servant-galism" is a question, or rather not much of a question ; but want of taste and knowledge on the part of both master and mistress has no small share in there- sult. The " Aristologist" helps us with plenty of illustrations on this head. Among the Arabs, when the bride is unable to make good bread the husband is at full liberty to get rid of her and take a second. But if our Australian ladies are above making good bread, &c.;, at least they can show good taste, and it is here that antipodean dinner-parties are so woefully deficient. A dinner given by Baron Roths- child, in France, is thus described:—" ' No burnished gold reflected the glaring sunset, no brilliant silver dazzled the eyes; porcelain, beyond the price of precious metals, by its beauty and fragility, every piece a picture, consorted with the general character of sump- tuous simplicity which rejoiced over the whole. Again, every meat presented its own natural aroma, every vegetable its own shade of verdure.' It was Lady Morgan who drew this vivid 'pen-and-ink sketch' ; and the presiding genius who officiated at the tem- ple dedicated to Lucullus was the celebrated Carême, the artist that the late autocrat of Russia propitiated by the presentation of a diamond ring, as a tribute to his superior worth in his vocation, This elegant banquet took place in Paris—the city of all others in which it is said that the men excel in dressing dinners, and the women in dressing themselves; but I much fear that the fragility of the elegant crockery would prevent the desideratum of warm plates. Let the reader contrast the account of the dinner given by the Parisian millionaire with that of the Australian wool king. An exquisite of the Lord Dundreary mould, from the mother country, was invited to dine with a colonist, who was not aware that, ' to order a dinner well was a matter of invention and combination. It involves novelty, simplicity, and taste ; whereas in the generality of dinners there is no character but that of dull routine, according to the season' ; so writes Mr. Walker in the ' original'. The guest was subsequently asked what he had for dinner; the languid response was, 'There was mutthon at th' twop of the twable, mutthon at ther botham of ther twable, and th' west of ther swheep in twandles.'" It might have been worse. The mutton may have been well dressed, though there was nothing else. Better have one dish thoroughly well done than a dozen bad. It is to fill up this great gap, to be our respected mentor in the culinary line, our guide, philosopher, and friend in the science of being able to eat both dinners and suppers, and yet not "dream of the Devil, and wake in a fright," that the "Aristologist," as it pleases him to call himself, steps in. As the author gives his address " Bellerive, Tasmania," which is as much as to proclaim his identity, it is no breach of confidence to say that he is a veteran M.L.A., who has seemingly grown to his Parliamentary seat like the mistletoe to the oak. If not over-brilliant in the miniature senate of his native island, he has managed in the present instance, out of a very workable subject indeed, but one which requires some tact to work it, to make a very useful and considerably amusing book. Just as the fat relieves the lean, so we have a chapter of ana side by aide with a chapter on puddings. The book, in fact, is a happy medium between Mrs. Glass and Dr. Kitchener on the one hand, and Walker's Art of Dining Out, with Brillet Savarin's Gastronome on the other. It is pretty much like an immense restaurant, where you can get anything you like, hot or cold, and always good and cheap. There is nothing like letting readers judge for them- selves, so we give the list in full :—" Soups, broths, roasting, boiling, baking, frying, broil- ing, made dishes, sauces, gravies, the cook, condiments, savoury pies and puddings, poultry, puddings and pies, pastry, bastings and dredgings, macaroni and vermicelli, pickles, salads, oysters, water, sausages, bread and breakfast cakes, dessert, game, carving, fish, forcemeat and stuffing, cider and perry, ginger, confectiionery, fondu, dinner according to Count D'Orsay, Appert's mode of preserv- ing fruit or vegetables, vegetables, toasted cheese, Jones's patent flour, milk, chutney, toast, a dinner from the ' Original,' the hun- dred-guinea dish to Prince Albert, sports- man's food, dinner-party precedence, suppers and luncheons, home-made wines and cordials, table cloths and napkins, tea, dinner cere- monial, soy, breakfast, ice, preserves and con- serves, presidency at dinner, cakes, apples, biscuits, Old Tusser's good and bad hus- wifery, dress and manners at a dinner party, beer, eggs and omelettes, magical drinks, wines—foreign and colonial, nutrition, liqueurs, coffee, stores, why animals to be eaten must be killed, dinners à la Russe, German sour-kraut, Strasbourg pies, herring and anchovy paste, orange-flower water, vege- table essences and tinctures; hams, bacon, and salt meat; ketchup, vinegar, the dinner hour, Elizabethan living, digestion, convivial maxims, yeast, Soyer's bachelor's dinner, chocolate, curry powder, bitters, copper sauce- pans, cookery for the destitute, dinner parties in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries, mosses, Soyer's mincemeat, lemon-juice, al fresco parties, British fish, South Australian fish, Tasmanian fish, New Zealand fish, Vic- torian fish, New South Wales fish, smoking, servants, pyroligneous acid, scraps and say- ings, aiguillettes, preserved meats, laver, butter, Hebrew refection, domestic hints, clubs, edible food, drinks, the last dinner." A tolerably long bill of fare it will be seen, and rather hard to choose from. So compre- hensive is the author in his ambition that he embraces the cookery of all regions, and is therefore to some extent redundant to all. To us, poor fellows, for instance, who only see herrings in pots and salmon in tins, it is some- thing like adding insult to injury to receive such minute directions how to cook them. On the other hand, the chapter " Game " (p. 81) will probably be caviaire to English readers, though most interesting to Australians. To our tastes, indeed, this chapter is the gem of the book. Perhaps there was never a greater instance of familiarity breeding contempt than in our depreciation of our native game. " Wretched stuff kangaroo, indeed," says madam or miss ; but dear ladies you are mistaken. Kangaroo would sell any day in London for a shilling a pound ; but you do not know how to cook it. "Aristolo- gist" will tell you how. In the twenty- sixth chapter, you will find full direc- tions how to turn out divine messes from kangaroo pasty, kangaroo steamer (three re- cipes), stewed kangaroo, jugged kangaroo, hashed kangaroo, and roast kangaroo—all good, as the editorial "we" can testify ; at the tail of which come two very colonial-looking dishes —"Pam jam," which, it seems, is made from kangaroo tails ; and " Slippery bob," from the brains; to eqjoy which the author considerately warns us requires " a good appetite and excel- lent digestion." Here likewise will the reader find some other means of converting the spoils of the chase to the delectation of the inner man—roast wombat, roast porcupine, " a new pleasure;" roast emu," a very unctuous sort of food" (no doubt it is) ; salted mutton- birds (which we should not fancy), wild pigeons and wattle birds (excellent, both), bustard, " superior food when well- cooked;" black swan, of which the author dryly remarks that "if properly roasted with good sauce they are eatable." But we must pause. Higher and graver matters there are in the work, to which we may afterwards recur. Enough has been said to indicate its value, and we recom- mend all good wives to invest 5s. 6d. in its purchase forthwith. There is a much closer connexion than philosophers dream of be- tween the stomach and the head. 