INNOVAT'bIONS IN THE CHUROKCH OF SCOTLAND. (From the Times, Mluy 2.) On Tuesday and Wednesday the General Assembly of tile Church ofScotland had tile subject of innovations in public worship under discussion. The question was brought up by overtures from tle provincial Synod of Ilerse and Teriotdale, and from the Presbyteries of Glasgow, Aberdeen, and othllers, calling attention to the facet that innovations had been introduced into the public worship of certain congregations without prosby terial sun'tion, representing that thle deliverance of last Genelul Assembly had been interpreted by some no giving countenance to these innovations, and praying thle Assembly to legislate in such a way as should bh conducive to uniformity and peace. The inovrations speciully pointed it were,--lst, changed postures of worship-- kneelu g instcad of standing to prayer, and standing instead of sitting to sing ; 2, the use ofinstru metil music in thie service; 3, the use of quad Litur-. gies; and, 4, the private dispensation of the Com muniolo. Thle two latter were moreparticularly pointed to by the opponents of ehange, while above the question of thle expediency of one or more of the changes, :was the question of the constitutional right of congregations to introduce them. The clhanged postures and organs have already found their way into seercal churches, but the only nialleged ease of the use of liturgical forms was Old Ores'friars (Dr. Lees), the minister of which had also introduced the practice of private communion. Elhe deliverance of last Assembly, without striking at any of thle inorvutions themselves, simoply couferred a determination to put in force thle laws of thle Church in re.pect to any innovations whereby the harmony of particular congregations or the peace of thle Church be disturbed. The object of the overtures was to obtain a more distiesct explresiosl from the Assembly in dis approbstion of these changes, or at least of the method taken of introducing them-namely, at the will of particular congregations, instead of, according to Presby terian usage, obtaining the assent of their ecclesiastical sutlerios. 'T'ie debate on Tuesday was opened by Dr. Pirie. Professor of Divinity is Aberdeen. He complained thalnt thle decision of last Assenmbly lad weakiened thie hands of Presbyteries asid of the'lGeneral Assembly itself, asd had given an apparenut sanction to the changes already introduced and to those which might i yet be introduced. W'hat, be asked, is the state of thinigs now ? There is, lie said, such a mixture in our forms of worshlip, such a want of uniformity, matters are clrricd to such an extreme, that a species of enter tsinmeot is presented to you in ehurci. ("Hear, hear," asd laughter.) It is to witness this enter-. tainment that stlmagers are sent to a place of worship. I call it advisedly by the name ofas erutertainment. It is but a lshot time ago that I read an advertisement in a inewspaper that on a certais day such and such a churchl would be opened by the ler. Mr. So-and-So, whes tlhere would be a large and fine-toned organ. (A laugh.) And it was said by some one in an Edinburghl paper-for tlhere has been a perfect deluge of articles and letters on thie ssbject-not only that thlere alre Ithose changes to whiche I ihave referred, but somethisg in) thie form of an altam;r, withl a clergyman standing it one end, and a curate, or sonme person of the sort, at thle othler, and a pair of candles, or rather gas-lights, burning-burning there in the forenoon. I say this is just emasculated Popery, thie thing thIat you are called to sssetion. (Hear hear.) But, Moderator, do you imagine that things will remain in their present state ? I do not believe it. I do not say by whom it is, but. we have Ihad public intimation given tlhat assnolher change has takeu place, and that pirivate commnusion is celebrated withlout your anuthlority. That is unothcr isssoration. There is nota the time, or I should be prepared to argue the question that niot only is private comusnion inconsistent withll tihe forms of the Churchl of Scotland, but directly incon siatent with the Word of God. (RHear, hear.) And this is inot all. There are to be other changes in tihe very same direction to whichl I bave referred. I do not sknow if it is trle, but I was informend ins a newspapler arlicle swidely circulated throughout Scot land, to thie effect that in as discourse in a certain ehurch--I shall not say swhat hurchs--there was a fearfs oasnlaaght upon effectual calling. (" Heaur, hIear," and Ilaughter.) Dr. Pirie further eomplaised that some miinisters were assusing thie position of bishops in thie Churche, and said that while ten or twelve persoe get individual notoriety in this wvay they were intererirng with tile dearest, best, and most imlortlant interests of ithe Churchl. (Hear, hear.) Such bsytems, hie said, may continue or may grow1 but so long as the Church retains a high spiritual tone, tile desire for them will not be felt. I hlave never yet known a Church fixedly spiritual i ceharactcr..giu. gradually to have a great tendoney to sentimentalism and sensualism in forms that were not diminishing at the same time'in spiritual-mindednesm. (Hear, hear.) Our Church was a most prae and most spiritual Church, both in doctrine and worship, after the tinme of the Reformation, and if we are prepared to introduce these changes for the purpose of tickling the ears and gratifying the senses of the people, it can only be, I fear, because we are too little influenced by the real and lheartfelt spiritual trayer, which is alone the true prayer of faith. Dr. Piriemoved a resolution, declaring that the introduction into congregations of elhnges on the long established forms of worship withlout the authlority of Chlureh.ceurts, and under the pretence of congregational independence, was inconsistent with the principles of Presbyterian Church government, and might not only bring the Church ilnto collision nith thle civil courts but prove subversive of the Pres byterian constitution; and, lwhile recommending the utmost tenderness to the feelings of nanimous cotn gregations as to matters of form, esueting that all suctl arrangemente should be regulated by the Presbytery of the bounds, whose decisions should be absolute until and unless finally reversed by the Assembly ; and the (General Assemble strictly prehibit. all ministers and oelice- bearers fromt assuming independent jurisdiction in such matters as are inconsistent with the vows of submission pledged by them at ordination to the inferior onurts, on pain of the highest censures; and in the eveit 6f disobedience, the General Assembly further authlorie and enjoin Presbrteries to proceed with and prosecute such censures to such eonclusions as may seemn essential for restoring the peace and asserting the constitution of the Church. Professor Stevenson, Edinburgh University, proposed a resolution practically repeating the deliverance of last Assembly, and expressly leaving such "matters of secondary importnuce," as the attitudes and music, to be regulated by Kirk Sessions, subject to complaint to the Presbytoeirs. He remarked that organs were used in many parts of the colonial Church, and in nearly all other Protestant churches, and that attitudes were immsterial, and although hIe was opposed to liturgical forms, and might personally desire more stringent regulations than his motion implied, it was his eonvic tion that after the recent decisions of the Assembly on the subject, the time was now past for taking strong measures, Professor Crawford, Edinburgh Univerity, proposed a motion which forbade instrumental mousic or new postures being introduced save with the consent of the Presbyteries, but that where already introduced the Presbytery should not proceed except on due com plaint; and that, in regard to the other matters re. ferred to in the overtures, the Assembly enjoini presbyteries to take heed to maintain the laws and usage of the Church and the purity of its worship. He thought they could not retrace the steps that previous Assemblies had taken, nor recall the apparent eoncen sions they had made. These matters,however, were of secondary importanae compared with the incalculable evil that would ensue if congregations became ne customed to take their own way in these matters with out any reference to their ecclesiastical superiors, and therefore he thought the presbyteries should be called in in the flret instance, and not simply, as Dr. Steren son proposed, on complaint being made. Dr. Nisbet, West St. Giles, Edinburgh, supported Professor Crawford's motion. Although an unimport -iat matter, he approved standing at prayer, like the ancient Jews, the early Christians, and the Greek and Armenian Churches, instead of kneeling, or, he would rather call it, squatting, like the Apostate Churchb of Rome, and other unreformed Churches. In the Conti nental Presbyterian Churches organs were used, and might be tolerated here, though the cost and trouble of them would prevent the evil extending very far. He complained, however, of the introdnetion of a Liturgy which was totally opposed to the standards end usages of the Chlurch of Scotland, and the ordination vows wlhich they as ministers had taken. He elharged no one with breaking his vows, but he was there to say that he would regard himself as breaking his most solemn obligations if he did not give obedience to thl Acts of the General Assembly, and to timhe Acts of Par liament whlich secured to him the privileges of a minis ter of the Established Churchl. They all knew what a wound the public conscience had received in England by men whlo had sworn, in the most solemn circum. stances, their belief in the Articles of the Church, going openly in the face of them. (Cries of "Qees tion! ') That was the question. He believed they ieroe guilty of a breach of public morality who pro fessed obedience to the laws of 1he Church, and then went iu opposition to them. He did not understand the conscinces of such men, and he thanked God that such a conscience was not his. He could not go before God's judgment-seat with the hope of his pardon if lihe pursued any such course. (" Oh, oa" ) If such inno various were tolerated the people would simply fly to other Chlrchels where they had not been introduced, aod in many.cases they would fly to other communions. This miserable playing with Episeouacy was merely bridging orver the chasm that separated their Church from the unreformed Church in thie soutlhern puartof the country. He called it an unreformed Church. (HIisses.) Were they to hear of the Essec/s and Resiews, ansd of no authority beisg taken for puttiig down these opitions, and yet to be told that that was a reformed Church? (Hisses.) Ke held they would be miserably unworthy of bciog counted the descendants of Johln Knox and their forefuathers if they did not see that there were a thousand things in the situal of that Churcl which went against their convlicotious, and were contrary to the Word of God, as rexpressedl in the Itoly Scriptures. (Hisses and applause) SPrincipal Tullooh, St. Andrew's, contended for firece dom of congregational action as cougesial to the spirit of lheir presbyterian institulions. He complaited of the language whaich had been used with rcference to the Church of England, which, with all itfsflsts, he looked upon ao the most glorious church in the world. "I look upon that.church," hie said, " as set up for the de fence of the faith; and lwhen we think upon that faith as at this momnent undergoing attacks in comparison with which all our discussions are not worflty to be mentioned, and when we think that while from that church there may have come some of that spirit of ex ceisive freedom whichl has provoked the free handling which it hIas received, we should also remember that there lhas also come from tihat church, at thie amie time, the most siceessful, the most able, and the most distinguisheod answers to these attacks upon the Chris tiant faitllh." (Applause.) Dr. M'Race, Hawick, urgently contended that these inuoratione mighlt bring the Church into collision wit the civil court, as being an infraction of its covenant with the State. .He also maintained lthat these inno vations would lead to othlere, and that it was unoconsti tutional and dangerous to allow congregations to take these matters into their own hands. HIe added:-You may unhappily allow tile ilnovations which have al ready intnruded tlhemselrcs; but, if you do, you do all in your power to make the Churchs Courts a nullity, and you sit here not to guard the constitutioa, but to pass thle deerees of turbulent aspirants, like the Boman Senate under the Crsoers-tllhe ghosts and shadowe of the conlqurrors of the world. You will do all thant you can to siellene the past history and practice of thoe Church, to nullify all the Acts of Parlialment, all the Acts of Aesembly, all tho personal onths which you have taken, and thle guarantees which you hIave sub scribed, which have made the Church what it is, and you what you are. I believeyou cannot do it. Vou cannot do it until another and hIigher authority than yeours consents to eact with you, to relieve you of your subscriptioes, to abolish thie constitution and all its acts, aosd to declara them hnceforthl nall and void. You may get your innovrations, but to get them honestly, riglhtcously, and legally, you must give up all that was and is the Churrch of Scotland. (Loud applause.) Dr. Normnan Macleod, Glasgow, supported Dr. Ste vteson's motion as thtecest operative. HIe complaired of the references by Dr. M'Rac and others to tihe " Fathlera of the Church." Some of threse men, he said, did great good in their day and generatioon some of them monstrous little; but all that seemedr to him sjusot as absurd as if in the year 2000--anud hoe hloped Ills friend l)r. COmming would not suppose he was hIere tical if he assumted that tile world nighlt last till tlhen (laughlter)-just as foolish as lhot in thIe yeaor 2000, when any rchanoges were prontosed all progress shtould be stopped by some earnest ment quotintg sonethlling that had been said by Dr. l,'Rte. (Loud laughlter.) " I myself would not dare to stand up at this moment and address thle HIouse out of sheer nservous fear, for it would act as a sort ofincubus on me if Ithoughlt I were to be held up as a ghost of authority for ill generations and to be called a Iatller of tle Chlurchl." (lcnewed laughter.) With regard to organs, he remarked, " I suppose there is no person in this Assembly who thinkls that it is unscript surl or that it is a sin to woo-ship wilot an organ, beenuse, if there is, I thilnk he should now say so. It would be vetry interesting to somse young people prsetet to be able to say, if they live GO years longer, ' Oh, do you knoow. one saw a man who no tually stood up and said it was a silt to worshiip ith an organ.'" (Laughtler.) Dr. Maclrod went on to say that; being a national Church, and tot a mere sect, they were bound to regard thie wishles, feelings, and habits of tile people, and to give them their own way iu thsoa .direeitsmatters in uichla a fair atud honest liberty might be allowed. He wished the Chuich of Scotland to act up to the old adage, "In things essen tinal, unity in things indifferent, liberty; in all things, charity." (Loud applanuse.) " That is the spirit that should guide the Church of Scotland; and I think that much of our sectarianism might have been prevented if we had had a little more coneideration for the feelings nod opinions of others, and if, instead of digging ditches round ourselves end bragging how much we differed from every other elhourch on earth, we had made a few more bridges (hear, hear), and had shown a little more cattlolic feeling towerds other churchees; if, instead of looking at our individual selves, we had looked more to the feelings and opinions of the country, as I think the very genius of our National Church should be in elusiveness as far as possible, and not exolusiveness (applause); and if you ihear any portion of your people having strong opinions or feelings on any one matter, be it church music or be it the Liturgy, you should respectfully at least entertain the question, and not put a peremptory stop to every chalnge because of something that was done in 1093 or 1707. .bhers never was a greater delusion than to imagine that the widh to have an organ, the wish to have a more cldti sated form of worlship, hIas anything to do with Episcopacy. (' Hear,' nd applause.) I believe that, instead of that, it is in order to keep back Episeopaey and take the power out of its Itands. (Applause.) I mnake bold to say, as a minister of the Natiotal Church of Scotland, that I think it is my duty, as well as in accord;ance with my feelings, to stretch out a kind hand to every Scotchman; and, if I could, a kind and protelcting lhand to every church in this kingdom. I would say, with perfect respect to the Epicopal Churech, whlich I often attend rwhen in England, and thb services of wltich I have used when abroad for mnonthstogether, that never was there a period since the Covronanting times in which thle whole clergy and offel-bearers of tie Church of Scatlsnd were s more asolemnly determined to resist Episcopacy than at this monient. (Loud applause.) Dr. Lee, Old Oreyfriars', Edinburgh, made aleng thened vindication of hIimself and congregation on the second day of the debate, mailtaining that the changes, which had been attended with no rupture of the har many of congregations, were within the scope of their just liberties, and were not greater innorations than other ehanges that had gradually been made on the forms by custom and usage since the Act for the security of tho Church was passed in 1707. It is said (ho remarked) that these innovations are Episcopal or even Popish, that they have a tendency to foster a sensuous form of worship. Do the people who talk in this way consider what thIey are saying? If to read prayers or to kneel at prayer and stand to sing be Popish or Episcopal innovations, then John Calvin and John Knox, not to speak of Martin Luther and the whole glorious com tany of the Reformers, must be Popishl. (Applatte.) They sanctioned all these things, and in the days of John Knox the Church of Scotlbnd, so far as we can gather, stood upright universally to sing, and knelt at prayer. Of reading the prayers, the sante may be said. John Calvin ridicules the presumption of conceited men who fancy they stand up and extemporize prayer for the congregation of God. The custom we now follow of extemporizing prayer is not one of very venerable authlority. It was the eustom of the English Puritans, but it was a departure from the precepts and example of nearly the whole Christian Churlch and especially of the greatPresbyterian Reformers. (Applause.) Nobody can doubt that in regard to manyeedesiastioalpraetices and usages you differ in many important respects freom thlose prescribed by the Directory or the Book of Common Order. You baptize children in prieste, in express violation both of the words of theDbiectrygond of the Confession of Faith; for, hough notin ielalon to the Lord's Supper, private administration isin tlhe case of baptism condemned. You pray at funerals. John Knox's liturgy forbids your doing eo, and the Directory forbids you in express words. You read your sermons. There is no law on that subject, but in the early period of the Church the reading of eermons was unknown; and the first man that attempted it, in the High Church of Edinburgh, is censured by Baillis ea presumptuous puppy (laughter,) and the reading ofser mons he calls an offensive innovation. Now, yonean adduce no such expression in Church histoty with ye. gard to the reading of prayers. The people had been acncustomed to read prayers down to 1638; and the Directory was drawn up for the people of Eugland, u well as Ireland, and they had always been .aceustomed to read prayers. But the reading odsermons was abomi nated thIen as it is abominated in many distrioti to this day, and yet gentlemen read their sermons. It is said that we have promised and covenanted to be guilty of no innovation " on the presently established worship, doctrine, and discipline of this Chlurch." Now, if til reasoning be well founded, there is noto minister in tihte Churchl at the present l day, and there has not been a minister in the Church of Scotland since 1711, who is not involved in thie guilt end condemnation of having innovated. Nobody can now observe the practices of the Cihurch in all respects as these are referred to in tle Act of Secority of 1711. Whethler thley be part of the Directory of Publie Worship, or whether ttey refer to actual customs then prevailing, it is beyond all dis pute that these Ihave been changed in smany respects. They are transgressed by every man lwho rebukes in prisate-for nobody theni rcbukod in private, it was all in publie--anni by everybody whlo recads hisi sernot, for no Sian did so in those days-it would have made a tumult ill thIe conntry had they donea so. Thlerefore, I say, those who read their seironts nd presach their pryers are utterly condemned on their own alshowing. We are told thlose innovtulions are oft l'opishl kid, and bring us nerer to that flagtioas body, thie Chureh of England. I was deeply grieved to hIear the Churecl of Eigland spoken of in that way. (Hear, hear.) Accord leg to my reading of the Treaty of Union, the CLhurch of England s morally and t celeesiastieally bound to support the Church of Scotland, atnd, in like manner and for the sase reason, the Church of Scotland is bound to maintain thle Church of Etgland, acording to its inter, which may not be so great. TIhe Churchl of Ellgland does slot interfere with us.; and it is.not only utdigniied, but irregular and unchristian in us to tall of the Churrch of England as if it were very little better th-i tile IPapal Churlch, or as if its ministers watted conscience or understanding of their duty. (Applause.) Di. Lee then compla;ned of the picture drawn- of Old Greyfriars' CIhurehl by Dr. Pirie, on the authoi'ity of a unewspaoper whichl, he said, lired by.abus ing the Chlurchl of Scotlnd, and all who wecre doing hIer good serviec, and whose statements in this matter were completely withlout foundatiot. IHeconluded by main taining that thie Church had as much freedom now as at the times of thie RIeformation or Revolution, witllh more execientce. Your saefet as nu established Churchl (he added) is in ni appeal not to worn-out prejodices, to obsolete bigotries, an:d the narrowness of party; your policy, your sense, your safety as a national Church, lies it appealing to somnething higlher-the increasing intelligence of theo people; for, if you put down these innoeations, it will be at your own cost. You will hIave to undo your own acts to-morrow: the spirit of tlhe time will some day soon compel you. (Applause.) Dr. lilie replied, :nrguilig that. solethling worse thanl indepeundeny wao involved in leaving congregat.ionsto srettlo their own form of worlship, and that, if these ijljovaltions were allowed their parishe. would be torn silth contention and division. He prayed thoAssembly to pi-s a resolution which would prevent things going further, and put a stop to this "mawkishness unt lfolly." It was thell rusolved that the note should be taken first betwheen the motions of Dr. Stevenson and Dr. Crlawford. On a dirisioe, there voted for Dr. Btoren soi's motion, 156; for Dr. Crawford's, 149. Another rote owas Ihel taken between Dr. Pine's and Dr. Stlevensoli's imotiono, and tlhe result was as followns: For lr. Pirie's ......... ... 173 For Dr. Stevrenson's ......... 140 lnuajonity for Dr. l'irie's ...... -33 The result of thie vote was received with miugled appilaunse and hisses. ])r. Lee protested against the deliverance for himself and those who Siould adhere to him. Thie reaolation of the present Assembll y is, it will bhe observed, directly at variance with thin of 1864, which tolerated all auEch chalges as did not disturb the htar moiy of congregations. Tne result of the vote hais created considerable sensa tioi. 'Thle inusinael dinara a I the Newaalper Press Esulld Ian taken iace at lthe Flre-nmaeans' Tavern. Mr. Cotarles ]icken? e as ili the hsir, .uapported by Lord Trs?r, Right Hieu. Spelncer ,a11ipole, M.P., Mr. Demansn, Sf.P., Sir Ja., Boilea:u, Admiral BUarne)y, andl several olthelr dialinguished pcersoU:i. UIpwaids of (300 gentlemen, ilclualing the foremost in literary i:tdles, -ere Ir.aent. The slpecl of the Lchaiirman, in i)Pro)oing Ihie tonst of lhe evenilag was dislinguishel d by Inola than his usaal playful kinduesa of nmatier, and contained some interes: ing emig rmlisecneens of hlis own early connaection itlh ntews pipaer rePIostlg. 'lThen muiatial srraslgements were, as eusIl, ol the irst q?uality.' Thie subscriptions at Ian close we\re nnounitced ro be Et1200. An odd conoession to liberty has breen mode in Russia-namely, prirmission to the lublic to smoke in Ithe streets. 