STkE'AO Clan or LowVi sanD SUcDxe.o-The Lver pool deputy coroner, on Monday, held an ingdnst on the body of Mary Littler, ayousidnmartled womsa, aged eighteen, who had drowned hereelf under singular re. cumstaaes.e" The deesased lived with her mother at 158, PFeeeaotreet, Birkenad, her' husband, a sailor, being on a .voyage.. At nine' o'clock: on FPiday night, 'she left her mother for the purpoae, a she said, ofpoat. · iogt letter. She had written.? letter during thedgy, but she 'woold notemyto whom. Befon leering her mother, as stated, she said, i' Mother, ! am yoingtotell you what! never told yon before. I kmow aima a r ned womab, but I don't mre.. If! don't get' James Jarrie I will be in the Groat Floit before to-morrow oight.'--Jamea JMsvie,'a sreman on board the Wood side ferryboet, Lirerponl,said he had known the deaeased for between three and fouryearsandhad kepteompany with her for eight or nine months before her marriage with Littler. The dosased crosoed the riveron Fr iday night by tie boeaon which he was :employed, and he spoke Co her, when ahe uked him to viit hbr at her mother's.housenn the fiolowing nightq whichlhesaldhe should be nable to do. Sometime derleardisheweas seen to krecipitate heself from the satt oar tothe bow of the vesseltot the waer. X er body was carried away by the curret, and was tot recovered until the following day, when 'it wae dreagged up by sleherman in'his net below the eoek Iahthouse.; mhe moter o thedeceased said her danghter hed.been "flighty" for severl weeks. She was exesedingly partial to Jernie. 8he aceidentally met with Littler at iverpooul and married him ehortly afterwards. 'Th jos7 retooned a verdict of "Temporarm insanity." . ExuIXonxOeIay DzSoPPBaCs 'Os dvI House, urn Muscru-o0o Rena'. or TIam Iwoc sco.--One of the mist extraordinary'aecidente that has been recorded for many yesrs tool pkoe last week at Peince'sTown, near thetown, of r'edegar, outh Wales. A boys passing salng the sued, when, ae l ewas looking ht a cottage inhabited by a man named Bran Jenkins 'and his family, h t.h oagtthgtat he bseved. movenoent of part of the masonry. On wietohing it more narrowlJ he was satfided thatthe fremeworkofthe window was sinkring, aud~bsoig p~pwbehen sib tht the foondatiou or~ 'the etrotemur'eisg ~wey,.he nato the 'doae snd 'einnaved.the inmate, .who were t seat ound the table 'at breakfast. Byythis?time thefloor began toshake,' and the terrified peorons immediately .ran into 'the road, and land scarely dons?t OWhen the'hosea' Jsgn to sinko through the ground, and in a ery shoet tome i was out of eight, Searing the site upon which it stood' an open chasm filled to within some yards of the road with earth and atones which had ele in frem:the sides. It would seem that .the ground on which the cottage was raised stood over a diSusdoolliery, and the earth must first have,given way at s depth of fully a hundred feet below, the surfaa. 'The escape of the family is looked upon as quite mirnaulous, as the whole of their furniture, and indeed: everthilng eontained an their humble dwelling, was carried into the chasm be. neath. Under Proridenes, theyfeel that theyowe their liven to the sharp conduct of the boy. -. JUsIcuLr 8BPsruTIo o.."'CoIueAO e. ?IgOl." -In the Dirorce Court, before the Judge.Ordinary, Lady Thomas Pelbam Clinton sued fdrs 'a separation on, the ground of her husband's adultry. The respondent denied tbe chsrge, bat he did not appear. The marriage was in 1854, st whieh time the I petitioner was Miss 'Mry Anne Lewis (hiton, with whom the respondent had fonned a cmaal asqusin. tauee. The union wasrecognised by the respondent's brother, the laet Duke ofiTfewestle, end othermembers of the, family, and it was proved . very happy one till 1858 when Lord Thomas was induesd hypecuniary pimbarrasament to leave his wife. At firt be resided at Brighton, when he became connested with animproper woman, and he afterwards took her with him to DIappe. He continued, however, to correepond with the peti. tioner in the most affeotionate tent,:and then her suspicions had beeome aroused, ?heioformed her that the person. residing with idm wa his illegitimate dapgbter, by a woman he had met in Eegeot'e-park. He also enduced the girl herself to write to lad Thonmas, as his daughter. This stratagem was sorf scoesosful that it imposed upon the respondent's noble mother and upon his solicitors and the petitioner was reproached for refusing to return to her husband. After she had been deserted she hbd fallen into reat distress, and tie means by which she had been enabled to bring the' suit bad been supplied by her friends. There had been no ¢hildren.-The case was -tis. foctorily proved by. Richard Eamel, the inspector of polies at Brighton, who stated that the erson with whom the respo'dent 'was living at Dieppe was of notorious ill repute at Brighton, the daughter of a labourer at Lancing, in Ssusex.---epation as prayed. THu Law Or En'nImnOoe.--A nice ease ofex a'm dition has been decided in the Court of Queens's Bench. A clerk in a bank at New' York was arrested in England on the charge of forge., becanas it woe alleged he had made false entries in tho books of the bank with a view to defraud. The law of the Stale of New York makes this offence forgery, and on this he was arrested under the Extradition Treaty. But the court unanimously held that the offence under our own law was not forgery, that is, ofattempting to pass off his writing as the writing of another person, asd thej prsoner was discharged. A QieSTIUO aBePcmTItoG STnOo PFnye.--"DIv_ (ArrBLroT ) Snosoo (RlsoNxoe'Tr)."--Tbie was an appeal from a decision ofjusticee, and was decided in tisa Court of Queen's Bench. The appellant was mnu ductor of an entertainment at the Musio-hall in Birmingham, in the course of which a ghost was introduced--in fact, the representatisn, or play, ifs play at all, were reflections, in a glass, ofators who' were otherwise concealed from the audience. James Day was charged, and connioted, of keeping a house for the performance of stage plays, while he had only a music lirense. This was the decision appealed rom; and the Chief Justice thought the conviction ought to be afirmed. He was very desirous not to prevend the use of an extremely ingenious invention, but the law required that, for any entertainment of the stage, there must be a license; and he thought the enter taiument given by the appellant wee within the statute, and if he wished to continue the same entertainment with the words of a real drama pro nounced by living actors, Oitb the images of those living actors usen by the audience, he must obtain a proper license. Re was unable to say that the magistrates were wrong. The other leasned judges were of the same opinion.-Judgment affirmed. A VThu Norso Duscoreur.--There has recently been deposited in the museum of the Shakespeare. house an original play, purporting to have been written by Shakespeare, with marginal notes, additions, and correetions in his own hand-writing. There is an abundance and variety of evidence to support its autho rity, which, if once proved, would render this the most important literary discovery that has been made during the inst 250 years. SA numemroao company assembled ini the l hal of the Sdlors' Institute, 'hteoerestrent, Shsdweli.tor the purs, of taking farewell of the first gang of iron and their families, who, together with about 200 othgr pere"ns, are sbout leaviog England in the ship Andrew Jackson for Auckland, to esteblish in that nrovine: e"ths'Bcierly-hi Special Settlemsent." The ary. W.hZ'Call, Mr. Alexander F. Ridjway (agent for the-.roeinse-of Auolnlnd), Mr. Hobson (of the Brirly-hill executive eommittee). Captain Daldy (agent general for the prbVince of Auckland), and other gentlemen addressed the meeting in appropriate terms, and the proceedings dosed with singing and praying. The success whioh has attended the copying of Domesday Book by the photo- zincographic process has been extended to the publication of a series of the most interesting of our national mannscripts, which, in addi. tion to the interest of the subjects of the doenments, illustrate thechangein ourlanguage and in our writing at the several periods of our history, including chaxtere, grunts, and letters from eminent or remarkable persons, and the' most perfect copy of Magna Charts extant. The first document in the series is the charter of William the Conqueror to 'the City of London, in Anglo-Saxon ; and the last,the despatch of the Duke of Marlborough reporting te 'victory of Blenheim. These documents are arranged ehronologically, one or more from each reign being given, and each page will have the translation where necessary. Some curionspartieolaro of Junius Brutus Booth, the -ither of the assassin of Lincoln, have appeared in the newspapers. The grandfather, a man of violent politi al principles, who regretted that nature had not mude him a Frenchman, and cast his lot among the stirring times of the French Revolution, named his son after that '.Ju iun" who some time before agitated English political circles with his famous "Letters," and ef the "antique Roman" hero, one of the .first two consuls, who sentenced to death ,his, own sons for conspiring to rstore the tyrant Tarquinius. Jenins Brutus Sooth lived an erratic life in England and on the continent usihhl was compeled to0'fy to America. The ideauf the family that they were to be the avengers of tyrants' pursued him here, and he named his son after the noterions demagogue, John Wilkes. The political madness hereditary to the family is said, by those who knew him, to be more intense in this wretched man than in either the father or grandfather. .There re aome porraite of Janis Brutus Booth extant, and one or two small plays, which will now acquire a miserable interest from the misdeeds of the son. TWh sale of sketebes and drawings from the pencil of 'Johi L.eich lain realised t0oo0 for the family. At flrst the biddings were very brisk; but they soon dropped, hnd the several drawings have not, in the bulk, sold so] wellas swn anticipated. Crowds thronged the room dSring.the three days' sale; and the personal friends of the late artist were there to securefavourite straps from hls powtfolio. Some ofthosketehes brought only from 10s. to 201. each,whilst othos which had caughttheeye of two or more energetic bidders, realised £13 and £20 a. piece. The "Foxhsnters 'Csousing"' brought t12 12s. ;i iThes oad to the Derby,"s 52 I2.; "The 'RecentAbsurd' Case of Pledging," £11 6s.; and "Recollection of a Jolly Old Paterfamii s," &kc.;, £23 ?e. Artists of. cmi nence were there; literary men, whoa writings are reed, wherever the English language is spoken, weie there; all come' to carry sway a memorial of the genial artist, who will long be spoken of as theHogarth of the nine teenth century. ?"Thc Mermaid's Haunt," die., Rse secured for fl0 by Mr. Samuel Lueas, soc of the Temes' stit, said now in lthe editoril oair of the Stiliug Mags.' rin. `".' Young l'orfamptonshiro" was secured by Mr.. Dasent; a 0so of the 2ss ofice, and an'old friend of the Leech family, for £f8 7s. 6d. "A Nice Bracing Day att-the Sebide" was purohased by the famoos artist, Mr. Millaie." 'Milaisnu l dinner of the Royal Academy has taken p lace in the rooms, Trafalgar-squaro. Sir Charles?East. lake piesided: The Duke of Cambridge, .the Arch bishops of Qanterbury, York, and Dublin, the Duke of Somerset, Sir Charles Wood, Earl Granville, Earl Rue sell, Eail Derbyiand several bishops, peers, and distin. guished commoners were present. The proceedings were ofa grati/icn g eahsraner. Lord Derby, who was selected to repler literstuto, ass compliment to his translation of the "Iliad," pve a regular essgy on Homer as a pointer:;" I claim for Homer," saidhis lordship, "that in no age end country has any painter surpassed the infiaite variety of his achievements. Itis nMr in ons branch lone,'ut it is inhistorical painting, in landscape, I may .ny even i portrait painting, ls stands almost anrivnled in each and every one of them. If hedslrrs .to bring before youan extended group of ,.od or .rwarriors, or chieftains in debate, be presents a .p?ciety and individualitysmong thms'that would create tbe envy of a Maclies, a Herbert, ora Frith. Ifhe desires to represent the ocean in its milder or stormier oharactere, tby sl'ew repid touches he produces a sketch .aStanfield might look on with envy. If heispate a vineysrd or hsrvset home, he bathes the landscape in a foed of light which aLinnell would Mardly venture to ermulate And passing to the wilder features ofrurol lie, the represntation of the passions and contests of he brute creation, if ha attempts to describe a lion] springing at and. striking down a bull in the midst of the herd, o a ,wounded boar turning on his pursuers, ora nank of wolves with blond-stained jaws lapping with Their lean tongues the cool surface of some kark watered fountain, or a wounded panther writhing itself' up the spear that has transfixed her in order to reach htr assailant, the few touches which Homer gives bring before the mental eye the whole scene with a life and .igeur which coldlhardly be equalled by an Ansdell or surpassed by a Landseer." It is maid that what has decided the Pope in the 'selection of Dr. Manning is a private letter which the late eardinal wrote to thie eoly Father when upon his dath-bed, in which he consadered Dr. Manning the mOst fit man In England to be his successor. bDr. Moaaning is "not to be created a cardinal: the "alit" vacant ay Cardinal Wiseman's death is to be conferred upon the Hon. and Right Rev. George Talbot, who vesidne at ,Esome,'nd has for some years past been one of the domeu tie'ohsplaies of the Pope, a brother of Iord Talbot de Malahide, and for many years a bene -fied clergyman of the English Church.' The' committee of th House of Lords appointed to inveetigate 'the Patentoffe defalcations have made their report, which; is of gteat length. The" report effctually disposes of all the charges made by lr. Leonard Edmunds against Lord Brougham, and other members of the Brougham family, and thereis not now, apparently, the slightest reason to believe that Lord Brougham was in any way a party to the transactions of the Patent-office. If confirmation was wanted to elsm the rumours industriously circulated in some quarters, it may be fooua in the affidavit of Lord erougham, who, on oath, gives an exceedingly clear aocount of his dealings with Mr. Edmunds. With raspect to Mr. AEdmundas himself, the committee do not &ad;, after felt inquiry into the facts, by the ecamina .{ou ofall parties, thatithe representation of the mase, made in the columns of the pres', can be altered, The committee say that they cannot concur in the view which the Lord Chancellor took of his duty in with. holding from the committee of the Lords, that had to decide on Mr. Edmunds' pensiona hl official knowledge of Mr. Edmunds' conduoctinthe Patent-ofce, but they squit his lordship of any improper motive, and impute his conduct in the matter to an error ofjudgment. The fistion which ascribes superior chastity to the counte7 districts is rapidly dying ost. Mr. J. Percival, in along letter which has been published, states that sut of every 100 children born in Cumberland and Westmoreland 11 am illegitimate, and that "modesty dies out among their population." He rceomnnnds that the periodical fairs should be aholished, that annual hirlings or statute fairs should be discontinued, that farm servants should be watched " like the servants in a gentleman's family," and that employers should in qoire into the chastity of those whom they employ, both male and femsle. The competition between the Whitworth and Arm trong guns, whichhas been going on for the last six months at Ohoeburyness, has been brought to a close. Two targeta were set up, alike in every respect, one of which was fired at by the Armstrong, the other by the Whitworth gun. In two rounds the Whitwortlh gun penetrated the target to the depth of only three inches, hulging the plate a little on the inside ; while the Armstrong shots went right throogh, and caused extensive injury in tie interior. A third round was fred, .ohangeng the position of the guns, so that each fired at the other's target, but the result was cquelly in fvour of the Armstrong gun. Music Halls v Theatres - The case of Mr. Strange, of the Alhambra, has been argued, on appeal before the magistrates at the Middlesex Sen ions. Mr. Strange had been convicted by Mr. Tyrwhitt of performimg a stage play, not being licensed to do so. The play complained of was a ballet which, for the managers of the theatres, it was argued was a stage play within the meaning of the act. After heasrng counsel on both sides and witnesses, the magistrates, who, it appeared, had gone to witness the performanee for themselves, gave their unanimous judgment, through Mr. Bodkti, the assistant-judge, that in the performaness there had been no infringe. meet of the law or ofthe terms of the licence. They therefore quashed the conviction, and refused a ease to take he mutter to the Court of Q?een's Bench. Mr. D'Arcy M'Gee, who was one of the most ardent of patriots during the Young Ireland excitement, is at present in Dublin in the capacity of principal commis sioner from Canada to the International Exhibition. Mr. M'Gee recently delivered an able and eloquent lecture at Wexford on his experiences in America. He took advantage of the occasion to speak some home truths to his countrymen. Such a thing as a national pro-Irish sentiment, he alleged, does not exist in the United States. "As a nation, they have no more feel ing for Ireland than any other country." He strongly ridiculed the Fenian organisation ; in fact he declared that it was all nonsense about its boasted extent and power. Mr. M'Gee advises the Irish emigrant to select Canada instead of the States as his future home, because of the social and political advantages it offers him. His picture of the position attained by two-thirds of the Irish who settled in the States was not a pleasant one. In speaking of his past career in Ireland, and answering those who contrast it with the present one, he boldly avowed that he was not so wise then as he is now. "I left the country (he said) one among the Young Ireland Legion, and though times have changed, I say to you all, I am not ashamed of Young Ireland. (Loud and pro longed cheers.) It has been cast in my teeth that I have veered about, have changed my opinions. I know that, politically speaking, we were a pack of fools then, and not hole-and-corner conspirators. We made no concealments, and at all events all that can be said of us is that at 21 we were not as wise as we are now at 41. * . . Our countrymen by birth, and their immediate offspring in the Canadian provinces, Protestant and Catholic, as nearly as I can make out, exceed half a million--one-eighth of the whole population; those who more remotely derive their origin from this kingdom may represent another eighth. They are not in number one-tenth as numerous as our brethren in the United States; yet, knowing both communities well, admitiing the enhanced energy which total independence gives a new country, I venture to say that our half million yield a large aggregate of sterling worth, character, and influence, than the millions of our democratised countrymen put together. . .. We live in strange times, both for America and for you, and it is impossible to say what may come from this annual transfer of a third of a million of people (an excessive estimate of the yearly emigration, by the way) from one sphere of existence to another- from the old world to the new- from monarchy to democracy. Have a care; you are giving away hands and brains to.a system destined to combat your system of government sooner or later." Party rioting has broken out anew in Belfast. On Sunday evening, April 30, the disturbances were commenced by two mobs, who met each other with taunting cries and much shouting, as well as pelting each other with stones. On the advance of a police force the two crowds retreated to Sandy-row and the Pound districts respectively. In Sandy-row the mob pelted the police with stones. The constables then charged the crowd, and drove everybody from the streets at the point of the bayonet. Eight persons were arrested. The disturbances have not been renewed since. Elopement and Emigration --An Irish farmer's son ran off with a girl who had taken with her £80, the property of her father. The robbed parent pursued them, and found them on board a vessel at Queenstown. After administering a sound thrashing to the young gentlemen, he tore up his passage ticket, and carried home his missing treasure, but left his daughter behind him. In another case an elderly farmer, with a pretty daughter and a child, went to Queenstown to embark on board the City of Limerick for New York, but at this last moment he could not make up his mind to go. A young fellow belonging to Queenstown volunteered to go instead, and accordingly embarked with the girl and child. Tue PunsIDENT'a SaIrTF.-The late President's body guard continue on duty about the person of Presi dent Johnson. This company consists of one select man from each county in s0io, and inumberenearly 100 men. A sufficient force of this guard is upon duty atoll times, and the yiuitar who calla upon the President at his temporary mansion is confronted, immediately upon approaching tele door, by three or four soldiers, who do not permit him to advance further until his nanie has been sent in and thel order gilen by the President to admit him. In the hall adjoining the reception-room are also found soldiers.ofgentenl deportment, who quielly remain about the entrance, within a tew feet of Mr. Johnson. Sentinels also constantly surroundthehicuse upon the streets and in the lot upon which the building stands. In fact every reasonable precaution is taben to prevent any violence being attempted npon the Preidant. \--New Yorbe Times. In the funeral procession ofthe late President Lincoln in New York, there was a body of Jews to the number of five or six hundred. They carried a banner, with the inscription "I. O. Free Sons of Throea" The coins of the United States are in future to bear the motto, "In God we trust." This in perhaps as near to our " Dieu et mon deoit" as it mlghtbethought well ta go. Dr. Oilier, who is proaecuting reeearchee on the re production of bone by the perioateum, communicated a remarkable case of this kind to the Paris Academy of Science a few days ago. On the 16th of September last a young girl, aged 15, mwso for the last eight years bad been labouring under affections of the bonea,'had 12 centimetres of the humesrus, just one-half of the whole length, extracted, the pcriostoum being preserved throughout the whole length, although much of its cir cumference was incomplete here and there. Neither muscles nor tendons were cut during the operation; a precaution which Dr. Oilier considers extremely impor toot. The bone which had been extracted was not mortified, possessing all the characteristic of vitality. At the time of the operation there was a distance of 24 centimetres between the extreme point of the acromion end the lowest point of the humeral condylus. The bone has now been completely reproduced, with a loss of little more than half an inch in length. A series of experiments were made a few days ago at Paris with an apparatus, invented by 2. G-alibert, to enable a mals to breathe in the midst of deleterious emanations. A qutnltity of flowers of sulphur were set fire to in a cellar, nod a sumcicnt quantity of sulphurous acid being thus evolved, a fireman, who had never used M. Galibcrt'n apparatus, which it o combination of air tubes, coosmunicatisig with a sort of knapsack filled with compressed air, entered the cellar, and stayed 12 minutes in it, without ecperiescing aiy injurious effects. When the air in the reservoir has become foul by the action of breathing, fresh air may be easily introduced; the knapseck, which is of metal, has a tin bottom, but the lid consists of a kins or leather bag. To drive out the foul air, this leather bag has only to be pressed down, and to fill the space witll fresh alr the bag ia pulled up again. The late debate on the Freonch army gives the follow ing facts some interst :-Prossia, with a territory of 5000 square miles, and a population of 12 millions, has an army of 200,000 men in time of peace, which costs £6,000,000; Austria, whose territory is 12,000 square miles, and population 27 millions, has an army of 500,000 men, which costs her £12,000,000; France, with a territory of 10,000 square miles, and a popula tion of 28 millions, has on army of 400,000 moo, whome cost is £15,000,000; while the English army, including that in India, amounts .to 150,000 men, costing £14,000,000. The Paris Bullelin des Lois publishes a new list of patents. Among them is one granted two to Lyoneae who have dissmvereda mode of ining letter-envelopes with silk. There is anotlher for a cane which one can put in one's pocket and tranbform into a seat at wil; another for an instrument to indicate the existenoce of minerals or springs of water in land; another for raising a nship into the air and steering it there ; another for applying steam to clhildren's toys ; another for heatiugand light log apartments with the anme apparatus. The Emperor Napoleon, who was born at St. Cloud in Spril, 1808, hlasjust completed his 57th year. The 14th day of the month Ias been made memor able by ascasassi. Oreini, Charlotte Corday, Havaillac, mode their mmurderous attacks on the 14th, and Presi dent Lincoln was shot on Spril 14, 1865. In fact, the 14th day of the month may be considered the unlucky day for royalty, moet especiolly Saturdoy. William III., Anne, George I., George It., George III., George IV., William IV., Waalsington, President Liucalu, and otllers, have all died on a Saturday. The dislance between Bombay and Sues in 2761 miles, and the mail packet averages fourteen days in making the pasasge. The distance between Liverpool and New York is 2072 miles, and the malt packets oftentimem mo-k tele passage in nine days. The Hed ansd Arabian Seas, hetwees, Bombny and SuPs, are nesrly as amooths as a mill pond. Tie Atlantic, between Liverpool and New York, is a trempealuous ocean.--Bmneay ppcer. Diphtheria is a very troublesose and dangerous dis eose. S very easy remedy hlso been found for it that wil effeata apeedy reliet. Take a common tobacco pipe, place a live coal in the bowl drop alittle tar upon the coal, draw the smoke into the mouth, and discharge it Lhroughs tele nostrils. The 'peach was originally a poisonous almond. Ito flesby parts were used to poison arrows, and was for this purpose introduced into Persia. The -tratsplan tations and cultivation, however, not only removed its poisonous qualities, but produced the delicious fiuit that we now enjoy. 