am WILLIAM WISEMAN'S VISIT TO THE NEW HEBRIDES. The following correspondence is taken from the Sydney Morning Herald of the 18th ult., which has led to much discussion there :- ' Sir-As there has been considerable misunder- standing regarding the visit of the Curacoa to the New Hebrides, would you serve the cause of justice, and gratify a large portion of your readers, by inserting in your next issue the following correct statements of the facts of the case P After the martyrdom of Mr. and Mrs. Gordon, on Erromanga, and the persecution of the missionaries, J. teachers, and native Christians in Tanna, the New Hebrides Mission petitioned Sir John Young, the Governor of New South Wales, tes., if possible, to cause an investigation into those sad events, that the guilty parties might be punished, so as to prevent such lamentable occurrences. This petition was presented by a large deputation of the ministers and friends of our miners in Sydney, and graciously received by the Governor. It led to Commodore Seymour visiting our islands ; but as he was not prepared to take by force the guilty parties onErrumango, bad as he found it impossible to get them otherwise, nothing was done on that island. On Tanna he met many chiefs at my house, one of whom had lately murdered a white man, a British subject I and another of them had so abused by his killing-stone and club, one of my native teachers, that he died soon after. The assembled chiefs promised not, to kill and plunder British subjects firing among them, or calling at their island. And they unitedly protested against my leaving the island, and pledged themselves to protect me and the native teachers if we would remain ; but is no punishment was inflicted on the guilty parties on Tanna or Errumango, the natives of both islands believed and said that the man-of-war was afraid of them, and durst not punish the murderers, consequently they would now take our lives and property, and do as they pleased and if a man-of-war returned they would all unite in fighting and take the vessel. They set aside all those solemn promises to the Commodore ; stoned the native teachers, and persecuted and plundered them and the missionaries, attempting their lives so often that the teachers were all forced to leave the island, except three men. The native Christians tried to protect us, for which many of them lost their lives, and their villages were burned and their property plundered for many miles round the station. Having thus driven them away, the heathen returned and attempted to tomahawk me. They broke into my store, taking all it contained, and drove me from the mission station and after much suffer- ing though living among and protected by the native Christians - through many dangers, I got to Mr. Matheson's" station, from which later much continued suffering from want and persecution, we escaped by a ship, having last bore a £1000 worth of property. Mr. Mathe ton's childdied first on Tanna, from starvation, and toooafterwe got away Mrs. Matheson died and Mr. Matheson followed, their deaths being at least hastened by their hardships and trials on Tanna. At the same time one Englishman was murdered and another severely tomahawked on A news by the influence of the Port Resolution Tannese. \- After all this we renewed our petition, for an investigation, to the Governor-in Sydney, but as to the ships of war were engaged in New Zealand, no ship could visit us till Commodore Sir William. Wileman came to Aneiteum at our annual meeting. As a mission we requested him to make an investigation, and inflict such punishment as he thought proper on the murderers, so as, if possible to prevent such sad occurrences, and make the natives respect the lives and property of British subjects. The Commodore having come for this purpose, requested the missionaries to accompany his ship in the Day Spring to interpret it each island, that the natives might perfectly understand all he said. To this we agreed, that the innocent might be protected, while the guilty were restrained and punished, to attain the desired result. We reached Tanna on the 10th of August about noon. The chiefs were sent for, and three Christian chiefs living at the harbor and some of e,heathen chiefs came to the Day Spring, and accompanied Mr. Inglis and me on board the Curacoa. Sir William received them very kindly showed them over his ship, informed them for what he was come, and urged them to come on board his ship next day at noon, accompanied by all the guilty chiefs, if possible and if they promised better conduct in future he would forgive them, but if they protected the murderers, and refused to meet him, he would punish them. He also assured them that all who came on board would be protected while in his ship, and sent safely ashore again, even though they refused to give up the guilty parties. They then went on shore to consult with each other. 1 The Commodore sent a written invitation or command to all the chiefs wanted, to meet him next day at noon, and accompanied by Mr. Inglis, I went ashore at 4 p.m., and, at considerable risk, managed to deliver them personally to the chiefs to whom they were addressed, and carefully translated and explained their contents, urging them to comply and meet the Commodore. They laughed at his requests, and said that they were prepared to fight the big ship. Again I went ashore and urged the leading men to meet the Commodore and prevent punishment. We all waited anxiously to see how they would act at noon next day, and were grieved to see that only the Christian chiefs came and met on shore ; but as the others were determined to fight, and refused to meet him they returned again to their villages. Though the risk was increased Mr. Inglis and I went again on shore to inform them that the Commodore was reluctant to punish them, and would yet give them till 7 o'clock next morning to meet him, or give up the guilty parties ; but they were all rejoicing in prospect of the fighting, and refused to meet. Again I went on shore warning them of their danger, and in tears en- treated them to meet the Commodore, but they only laughed at mc. Again at dark I went and influenced them to remove their women and children out of danger before morning, or many of them would be killed and again next morning, at daylight, I went on shore at Sir William's ! request to inform them that he would yet meet them up to 10 o'clock, and if not he would shell tfjejr villages- immediately. They answered, "During the night we have removed the women and children, and are prepared for him." I informed them that all who took shelter with the Christian chiefs and people on the beach of a beautiful bay a-head of the ship, would be protected by Sir William's orders, and see all that took placed while he punished the heathen. The Commodore, on receiving my report, and finding that the women and children were all removed, s))4 saving their armed pickets all round the harbour, and natives with muskets behind the rocks and trees, now prepared to punish them. The Commodore said though they had been guilty of no former crime, their warlike preparations and defiant attitude that morning would have forced him to inflict punishment, so as if possible to save the lives of any who in future slight fall into their lwiuls.ior had he sailed without punishing them, it would have emboldened them in their deeds of cruelty and bloodshed. For some time past they had enjoyed themselves shooting at ships or' boats that had to call at their harbor. The balls fell so thick around one ship that all hands were forced below for some time; and even the last time the Day Spring went in, the Captain had to get under way and proceed to see as quickly as possible. Indeed, seeing that none of the other men-of-war that had called it Port Resolution had punished them for' bad conduct they said and believed that they durst not punish them and rejoiced in being able to do as they pleased. It was therefore resolved to shell the villages of Navka the chief who murdered the last British, subject that fell at Fort Resolution, and by whose authority all our persecutions and trials befel us in the mission and also to shell the village of his brother-in-law, whose people murdered one of our native teachers on A new, and nearly killed another. They also attempted to take Mr. Johnston's life and mine, in consequence of which I believe Mr. Johnston died soon after and they were now the leaders of those prepared to fight the ship Sir William Wiseman caused a warning shot to be sent in a direction in which no natives were likely to be living, and, after waiting a sufficient here to allow them to escape, another was discharged , then, after some time, the whole bush around was shelled near to their villages, an armed party were landed from the ship to destroy wages and property, and another party were landed to destroy canoes belonging to those Mages. One of the most guilty chiefs appeared on a hill with a party in a defiant attitude, when the five or six "dead-shot men" on board the Curacoa levelled their rifles at them, but the humane commander forbade them to fire till two minutes after the party had disappeared in the ashes and so their lives were spared. A party of about thirty natives, led by Quatengan, an inland "she appeared and discharged several shots Upwards the armed party ashore from the ship. The leader shot a British seaman, who died soon after, and, as he concealed himself in a tree, a gallant British officer ran up to it, and cut him down, on seeing which his party disappeared. The officer took his musket, but did not strike him again, for he said "I will give the poor i fellow a chance for his life." The Captain of a i trading ship that called lately at Port Resolution informed me that the chief is living yet, and that no other man, woman, or child was killed, or, so | far as he heard, personally injured that day by the man-of-war on Tanna." But had Sir William Wiseman and all under his command not been influenced by a desire to save life, while inflict ' ing punishment to gain the desired end, and had they not carried out all the movements with great 1 case, prudence, and forbearance many lives must have been lost. I went on shore to the Christian , chief's place next morning at daylight, and saw the chiefs, Christian and heathen, who expressed great sorrow for their past conduct and said, in future they would not plunder and try to kill British subjects calling at their island, and that if the Commodore would give up punishing them, and sail away from their island, they would attend to all his messages which I had delivered to them. They also voluntarily requested my return with native teachers to live among them as soon as possible. On receiving my report, the Commodore sailed for Errumango an hour after, the Day Spring preceding the Curacoa. Some days after the Tannese were stripping the lead from the shells, to make balls for their own muskets, when a shell exploded, either kill- ing or severely injuring a woman and child, and wounding some others. They then gathered the remainder of the unexploded shells, and deposited them in the sea.. This correct information I had from the same captain, who had lately visited all their villages, and they told him that he might walk anywhere now, as they are resolved to injure no more white people. They also showed him a new fence which had been put round my house and garden and repairing my house, and asked him to tell me that they were now wearying for my return. Formerly the powers of a man-of . war to destroy were only necessary to them, but now since they had seen it, they wanted no more fighting with white people. A letter that I have just received from Mr. Inglis confirms the Captain's report, and shows that the chastisement has had a most beneficial influence on the Tannese at Port Resolution for the present. Indeed, apparently all that was desired has been gained by the punishment. The chiefs and people punished were not innocent but the most guilty parties. They were not ignorant savages, as represented, but to a large extent' enlightened. Many of them had spent years in and about Sydney, and speak English well. I spent above three years among this very people, instructing them, and preached the Gospel every Sabbath in their own language at all their villages, so that they were enlightened as to right and wrong. The Tannese were not punished to force them to receive the Gospel. I believe that every man on board the Curacoa and the Day Spring, would have condemned with abhorence such a course. They were punished for crimes committed, if possible, to keep them from such in future I believe that civil government is God's ordinance, .' For the punishment of evil doers, and for the praise of them that do well," and that is our duty to avail ourselves of its protection when possible. The missionaries did not force themselves upon the Tannese, or on the natives of any of our islands ; this is an impossibility anyone doing so would pay for it with his life. The. Tannese requested missionaries to come and live among them. And the very chiefs and people who were punished made the request, and built a house for me to sleep in till my own was ready, and which we afterwards used as a church. They cheerfully sold land, first to Messrs. Giddie and Inglis, and afterwards to me, on which my mission premises were built, and they fenced in this house and land or garden for me. When some were very troublesome in 1849, when Captain Vernon, in H. M. ship Cordelia, visited Tanna, the people punished opposed my leaving, and promised to protect me. Again, in 1851 or '52, when Commodore Seymour visited Tanna, these very chiefs who had been most troublesome protested against my leaving, and did all they could to retain me, promising to protect me, though it should cost them their lives ; but soon after their promises were disregarded. At Erromanga, through Mr. Gordon's influence, and that of his native Christians, some six or seven chiefs and a large number of people met Commodore Sir William Wiseman and promised to act in accordance with his just demands for the future, giving up fighting and plundering white people, &c;, and to protect the missionary and as the Commodore had not the time or means prepared for his men to go ashore and try to take by force the murderers of the missionaries and others- for within the last twelve months above thirty persons in the sandal- wood trade had been murdered and eaten by the same tribe that murdered the Gordons-having given good advice, and said he would call upon his way back and see how they had fulfilled their promises, and punish if they broke them, the Commodore's ship sailed for Fate, and left in peace. Having in accordance with his promise called at Erromanga on his way back, and finding that the natives had broken their promises, and continued fighting the British subjects and native Christians, Sir William resolved to shell the villages of two of the leading offenders, having by the missionary warned them to remove their women and children. Not a single life was lost on either she but this punishment has closed the war between the natives and Europeans, and has had a salutary influence all over the island as stated by Mr. Gordon in a letter just received. They refuse now to let him leave Erromanga, and promise all needed protection. Every missionary in our mission accompanied the Day. Spring and Curacoa, and the following letter will shew our united opinion of the Commodore and his visit, and I hope all who have tried to give publicity to the misrepresentations regarding his visit, will for the sake of justice and of our mission, give as wide a circulation to this record of the facts as they occurred. I remain, yours respectfully, , i ' John G. Paton. ; [Copy of Letter.] To Commodore Sir William Wiseman, Bart., ' C.B., &c.;, &c;, On board the Mission schooner Day Spring, August, 18th, 1865. ' , Sir-We beg respectfully to communicate to you the following minute, passed this day at our meeting : " At a meeting of the New Hebrides Mission, held on board the Day Spring, in Havana Harbour, August 18th, 1895 present Revs. J. Inglis, J. G. Paton, D. Morrison, W. M'Cullogh, and Captain Frazer, Mr. Inglis in the chair inter alia, it was unanimously agreed, ' That the thanks of this meeting are due to Commodore Sir William Wiseman, Bart., C.B., &c;, for the kind and courteous manner in which he received the memorial respecting the loss of life and property sustained by this mission on Tanna, Erromanga, and Fate, and the readiness and promptitude with which he proceeded to investigate and redress those grievances.' " The members of the mission observed, with great satisfaction, the wise, judicious, and vigorous yet humane policy pursued by the Commodore, and that his officers and men were actuated by the same spirit and their hope is that he may be able to complete such other arrangements as may still be necessary to bring murderers to justice, and render the life of British subjects safe, and their property secure, throughout these islands, "we have the honor to be, Sir, , ' , " Your most obedient servants. , " John Inglis, Chairman, *' William M'Culloch, Secretary. Louis Napoleon and Mr. Home.-When spirit-rapping became fashionable, it found a protectress in the Countess Eugenie de Montijo. Even at that early date she has an eye on Louis (Napoleon, and took every opportunity of confirming herself in her lover's favour. She won over the red-haired ghost-seer Home, and induced him to perform a hocus-pocus before the President, which could not fail in its effect, owing to his fatalistic tendencies. Louis Napoleon once sent for Home and asked him whether he could evoke the spirit of the Emperor. Home set his instrument in motion, said that the Emperor's spirit was ready to answer. Louis Napoleon invited it to tell him something about his future. Home twirled the psychograph, and the disk sent forth letters, out of which Home composed the two words Je month." This had been'Louis Napoleon's motto in earlier years. But the psy- chograph produced two additional letters-an "1" and an "o." This apparently was nonsense; i for "months" had no meaning. Louis Napoleon, i however, arranged the letters in his way, and they produced the word " Montie "-and that I was the name of his lady-love. The fatalist had a sufficient matter for reflection, and felt more attached than ever to Eugenie for it seemed to i i him an omen that her family name contained his i motto of " Je monte."-'Napoleon the Third and i nts Court. ByaSttindDiplomatítt.; 