" DAILY ISSUE. TUESDAY, 318T*0CT013ER, 1865. IN the paragraph which we devoted yesterday to the stump oration of the Minister of Mines on Friday, we did not do full justice to the author or his production. The ministerial journals, we notice, have suppressed this little escapade of one ot the chosen few, but we, who have no motive for concealment, will take care that the truth is known, and that .Ministers shall have the full benefit of all they choose to say for themselves.. Amongst friends, most persons are apt to be free, but Ministers who venture on revolutions should remember that friends sometimes betray and that a venal and wicked press is always ready to shoot at ministerial folly, whether it takes wing in Talbot or flies nec tenui pentia in the Legislative Assembly. For our part, we are resolved to give honor where honor is due. | A Ministry which leans so much upon the stump should be able to stump itself. We .have for some time past been at a loss to discover the particular functions in the revo lution which Mr Sullivan was to fill. Hitherto, he has not been remarkable for anything1 but monstrous mining bills that were eummarily ?divided into some half-a- do.zen parts and for Agregious failures in his attempts to legislate I for the mining interest. Good gifts cannot, however, long be concealed." At Talbtffy the Minister of Mines burst oil a clearly aston ished meeting, and through our columns which do not hide the little defects of Minis ters-on the colony, as a stump orator who could do better than Vale, improve upon Jones, or even out Bones, the Bones of Christy's Minstrels. Happy must be the Ministry that possesses such a treasure, and happy must the treasure be that he belongs to such a Ministry. There are said to be insects, not indeed usually pleasant ones, which, remain dormant for long' periods ,of time until some genial warmth, some extra moisture, bursts the hard cerement in which they have been prisoned, and sets them free to "shine, buzz, and fly-blow in the setting sun." There are great tragedians and un known clowns, heavy fathers, and " general utilities," who never had a chance to give their pent up genius play, and voiceless orators doomed to languish in their pride for want of fitting audience or of fitting theme. But the happy Minister has come at a favorable time, and with his subject ready to his tongue. The stump flourishes, and no theme suits so well the stump as the wickedness of an unbelieving press. There is a natural antagonism between the two. Your stump orator and your independent journal never yet could live .in peace within a hundred miles of each of other. So your stump orator usually prefaces his remarks by inform ing his audience that he hates the press, that the press is either stupid or knavish, and that he alone can tell his listeners the truth, and make all obscurities plain. No sooner does this orator rise than he turns instinctively at bay against the press, and thus finds a theme on which his eloquence can dilate, and his impudence be made prominent. The meeting usually applauds, for meetings always feel sympathy with those who will abuse oppo nents, and Dulueas with transport eyes the lively dunce, ltememberiog she herself was Pertuesa once. Thus, the happy Minister found his theme, when the warmth or moisture of the politi cal atmosphere enabled him to burst his shell and he stood revealed the Minister of Stumps on an occasion when stumping was in favor. " The papers are all fools or rogues," said the Bones of the evening, or " any oder man." There was the Scylla ol' stnpidity or the Charybdis of falsehood for the press, or "any oder man." Still Bones was hardly suc cessful in his great impersonation, but it was not the fault of Bones. He did his best and very well too, seeing it was the first time in that character, but the audience, somehow was bored, the jokes fell flat, and the bur lesque was too palpable. Mr Sullivan's friends have, however, given him the unkindest cut of all. He denounced the opposition press, and the ministerial portion of the press did not report his speech, not thinking, perhaps, the one turn so good as to deserve another. But we are just. We commend to the colony Mr Sullivan's speech at Talbot on Friday, as a specimen of what some of the men who are breaking down the Constitution will say, and especially as a sample of the sort of stuff addressed to public meetings of late. The chief beauty of a stump speech is, that it is quite independent of facts or argu ments. It is usually one prolonged assertion. The meeting is, of course, the largest and most intelligent ever assembled, and the speaker the most honest and candid of public men. If the power of assertion does ever fail, the interval is well filled with howl, sometimes at the opposition, but more fre quently at the press. Mr Sullivan on Fri day, introduced Lis bowl too soon, and rather spoiled the assertion, for it was difficult in fact impossible, to tell where the assertion ended and the liowl began, lie would like, he said, some of tha writers against the Min istry to see the men then assembled, and that would take the conceit out of them. He was driven into noticing' this "flimsy imperti nence" and " vulgar impudence," said Bones, growing excited. Some were there, to see, we can tell Bones, who heard his great stump speech, and are more convinced than ever that he, and such as he, are the men who lead a credulous people to set aside the laws which hold the political Boneses in chock. What can be more iiimsily impertinent than to tell some hundred and twenty persons, several of whom are strongly opposed to the Ministry, that they represented the whole intelligence of the colony, and those who said otherwise must be rogues or fools ? What could be more impudently vulgar than lor a Minister, not long since doing a little mercantile busi ness himself, to tell a meeting that he dare say there were some respectable men in the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce? What beiter specimen of '' flimsy impertinence" could we find than a Minister telling a public meeting that but for the false representations of the pregs the Council would not have done as it had done ? Where shall we seek for " vulgar impudence" if not in a Minister who says that the members of the Chamber of Commerce are many of them "mere hucksters, tallow chandlers, and stock jobbers," who have no right to assume to direct public opinion ? 0 Sullivan, the strong in speech and weak in logic, is it to the Eastern Market and Collingwoodthatyou andyourfriendslook, as the true fountain of wisdom and spring of all the public virtues? Tell us Sullivan, prithee tell, why should a tallow-chandler be disqualified for public action, or even a huckster or a stock-jobber, when shoemakers, tailors, and all the tag-rag and bobtail of Melbourne and its " purloins" are welcomed to the ministerial bosom 1 Do you not see, 0 man of the rash tongue, that by your own argument the very fact of these men whom you condemn not being merchants, should make them of greater weight with you, for not long before you sneered at " the £5000 people" who thought the Ministry ought, to succumb 1 But why should we track the devious mazes of a stump speech from a Minister on a stump late at night 1 The whole ar; of this kind of speaking consists in saying the thing which is not, in various ways. At one time Bones blackguards his opponents for being | rich, and in the next breath denounces theln for being poor. Ia one sentence they are too much above the people to have any sym pathy and iu the next too low to have any weight. The members of the Council are condemned for being " bloated money-bags," the members of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce are denounced because they are hucksters and tallow-chandlers. We rather expect that the Minister will like the press now less than he did before, but of this let him be assured that if he wishes to have any influence with the press, he must learn to speak more coherently than he spoke on Friday night last. We know that there were many at the meeting who were shocked at the language they heard, we know that several are .opponents of the Ministry, and we see that one had the courage to say so, but whether the meeting was pleased with the performance or not, wo can only say that if this is the sort of talk by which a revolu tion can be justified, the people of Victoria are by no means remarkable for their intelligence. One member of the press, however, presents his compliments to the Minister of Mines, and recommends him in future " to sing ano ther song, or choose another tree"-or stump. X<ake Camo, it is to be hoped, will very 600n be a \- thing of the past, having beets drained or made to ! evaporate into thin air-thin as the ghosts ol the people drowned there, or as the burgessoriai and can didatorial eloquence spent on the Isetid subject. On Monday all but one or two of tho lrontages to the water^oles were sold by Mr Dyte, the Government auctioneer, the excepted lots .baying been withdrawn pending the eettlemenf of some Cl»ima for compen sation. 