LATER NEWS FROM EUROPE. The Ethiopian, which arrived in Hobson's Bay on Tuesday, brings . English papers to the 2nd November. We make the following ex tracts Trial for Murder in Ireland. — The trial of Mr Odell, a barrister, who was indiGted for shooting a baliff while in the execution of his duty, was concluded at- Dublin on Saturday, be fore the Lord Chief Baron and Mr Justice. Ball. The medical evidence proved that at the time the prisoner committed the offence he was not of sound mind. The jury, .therefore, acquitted him on the ground of insanity, and he will be confined during the pleasure of the Lord Lieu- tenanU— Telcqranh. Nov. 1. : The Cotton Manufacturing Districts.— The Bolton board of guardians have had the question of union rating under discussion, at the request of the Poor Law board, and have decided against it by a majority of 1, the voting -being 17 to 16. The return published by the chief constable at Bolton, at the close of September, showed that 3836 were working short time, and that 3643 were out of work. In October, however, tbe number on short time is increased to 8770, and those out of work to 5061. There was also increase last week of 311 in the number on the books. of the relief committe. The board of guardians last weeek reliever! 4307 persons, the previous week being 4161 ; being an increase on the .week- of 146. On Monday afternoon an open air meeting of unemployed factory oper atives was held at Oldham, to take into consider ation the present condition of factory workers in Lancashire. It was computed that there were about 4000 persons present. The chair was oc cupied by Mr Kinder Smith, who condemned the Central Committee of Manchester, for not distributing the money entrusted to their care in a more liberal manner, than they had done. Mr John Matthews, of Manchester, pro posed the first resolution — " That, in conse quence of the wide-spread distress that prevails in the cotton districts by the continuance of the ?ar 111 America, this meeting is desirous that her Majesty's government should bring their in- f r?Ce to earJ together with the governments . France and other European Powers, in stop ping the awful destruction of life and property that- is now going on in that uuhappy country." Mr Joshua Coop seconded the resolution, which was agreed to. , -HE Convict Mullee. — On Monday morn- lnVvr sler'®5 f London, Mr Alderman Dakin Mid Mr Alderman Besley, accompanied by the rider-Sheriffs, Mr Davidson and Mr De Jersey, the Rev. Mr Davis, the ordinary of ewgate, and Mr Jonas, the governor, visited the convict Franz Muller in his cell, and announced 0 Lim that Monday, the 14th of November, had een fixed for his execution. The convict re- Shff with calmness. The eriffs took occasion solemnly to exhort him wl e. use he could of the interval uich remained to him to live, and he appeared 0 understand the full force of the entreaty. 1 "/'"R lhe interval he acknowledged that he had a fair trial, but he was understood to effect, that the evidence in support of the / done him more harm than good. He poke m broken English, and in a low tone, but 8 rem&rks; on that subject left somewhat diffo- rent impressions on the minds of the deputation. By some he was understood to refer to the pre judice which his case had suffered by recourse having- been had to the evidence of two women of immoral character, and by others he was sup posed to have questioned a line of defence which, though undertaken with the best intentions, tended in' the result to weaken his case, as it previously stood on its merits, and was eventu ally used to strengthen that of the prosecution. He was -told -by one of the sheriffs in effect that but for the alibi the case for the prosecution would have remained practically unanswered, and that his counsel were justified in resorting to it if they believed, as no doubt they did, there was anything in it, and in sifting it to the bot tom. He appeared to adhere to his own opinion upon the point, and the profitless conversation was not further continued. After sentence had been passed on Saturday afternoon, he seemed hardly at first to realise the position in which it left him, but on reaching his cell he gave way to a paroxysm of grief, which in one sense had the effect of relieving him, and bv 7 o'clock in the evening he had fallen into a sound sleep, which continued far into the night. There is rriason for believing that he slept but little, if at all, on either Thursday or Friday, while his trial was pending, and that on Saturday evening, after all was over, he succumbed to sheer exhaustion. On Friday evening, while his counsel, Mr Ser'-" geant Parry,, was addressing the jury, lie was re peatedly overcome by bis feelings, and gave way to tears, which he sought to conceal by holding down his head as he sat in the dock. ' On Sun day he attended the ordinary service, in the' chapel of the prison, and on Monday he, was; visited by a German clergyman from the west- end of the town, understood to be of the Liu-; theran persuasion. At the Central Criminal Court, on trials for murder, it is usual "to : re-, move the prisoners from the public gaze while.- the jury are deliberating on their verdicti On . Saturday Muller was asked to retire Vhile,'; the:, jury were so engaged, but he declined 'the prof fered consideration, preferring t6 remkiff. in court, awaiting their return, and he sat/iu/;the ; dock amid the hum of conversation in which the audience indulged while the judges gnd jury were absent from the court. He- was ghastly - pale, and his solicitor, Mr Beard/ spoke occa:, sioually to him, evidently with the view .to .sus tain him in that awful interval of suspense. He heard with apparent fortitude his : doom as it- was pronounced by Mr Barori MartinVarid it was only at its conclusion that his courage, seemed to forsake him. In the few parting - words which he addressed to the.bench in broken ' English, he struggled hard to conceal his emo tion. He held his hand over his moutKas' he spoke, and it was difficult to hear what "he said. Mr J onas, the governor, withdrew the hand in order that he might be the better understood, but after that be said nothing more, and on leav- ing the dock he had the. presence of mind to turn round and bow to his counsel, as if in token of his gratitude for their services, on his behalf. The jury who tried him were most impartially " chosen — that is, one man was taken in t-u'rnr from the list for each of the five counties which . .serid prisoners for trial at the Central Criminal- Qpurtj and in the end, after there had. been sixteen pe remptory challenges on the part of the prisoner, and one on behalf of the Grown, - twelve - men: were empanelled wholly unknown to each other,' and presenting in their general appearance, and in the questions they occasionally put . to/ the': witnesses, a fair representation of the intelligent; middle class of the community. They paid the" most anxious attention to the whole proceedings;' from beginning to end, so much so, that when towards the end of the summing up the Lord. Chief Baron put the question to them, they de clined to trouble him to read the evidence. Extraordinary Scene. — Preparing for Death.-— On Tuesday morning last, at an early " hour, a ceremony of a very peculiar character occurred at the "West Bromwich Cemetery. At about six o'clock, Mr George Wilks, an octoge narian politician, who had been taking a lead- " ing part in affairs of a local nature -for- many/ years, accompanied by a few private friends, as-- . sembied for the purpose of laying the first stone; of the grave intended for the reception" of his re mains " when he has shuffled off- the mortal coil." The early hour at which the ceremony took place prevented :;any assemblage of the inquisitive,; which Mr Wilks' notoriety would have befen sure to have produced, especially as, after a spirited contest-, he has again been returned; as a member of the board of guardians. Mr. T. P. Brough, a fellow guardian, and the Fidus Acha tes of the expectant deceased, was selected to perform the ceremony, and was presented with an elaborate silver trowel, which had been ex pressly manufactured for the occasion by Mr T. Brough, jun., of Howard-street, Birmingharia. Mr Brough, having received the trowel, after the usual formalities had been performed, read the following address in a very impressive man ner : — " In the name of the ratepayers of West Bromwich I do hereby lay the first brick of the tomb of our dearly beloved and esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseech Thee O Lord, that the litt-le time he has to live in this world, he may live in the fear and love of Go;1, so that in his last moments he may be able to say, ' All is well, all is well,' and may his noble spirit as-: cend to that place where all is love and harmony — Heaven — and be able to exclaim 'All is well.' : O Lord, we beseech Thee to fill this tomb: with the love of the Holy Ghost" After, flip nerpmnnv had rnncluded. thoSe ill ' at- tendance received the sacrament. — Birmingham: The Peace Between Germany and/Den mark. — The Berlingske Tidende, of Copenhagen, of the 26th ult., referring to the conclusion of peace, observes that the conditions are far more rigorous than those which were stipulated' after the b:\ttleofNovara, when Austria found her self in a position to dictate peace to Piedmont. " Apart," it continues, " from the amicable in tervention of the European Powers which took place at that period in favor of the vanquished, and which has been entirely wanting in our case, it seems that other considerations should have' led tbe conquerors to manifest towards Den mark more generosity than was shown in regard to Piedmont ; for Piedmont, even when beaten, remained a formidable adversary to Austria, which Denmark will never be to Germany ; "and yet the first demands of Austria, which rose as high as 280,000,000 of livres, were reduced to 75,000,000, whilst the financial sacrifices which have been imposed upon us have not undergone any diminution, and have even been rather augmented. But however hard may- be the conditions to which we shall have to submit, we must desire that a war which has been so disas trous for Denmark may be at length terminated. We have already alluded mauy times to the misfortunes which have overwhelmed Jutland, and our readers know how cruelly that province has been afflicted by the decree which prohibits the exportation of agricultural products ; but if the inhabitants are not to be completely ruined, it Jis necessary that these rigors should end be fore winter comes to prevent exportation by sea. We hope, then, that when once peace is signed the evacuation will take place without delay ; but if, contrary to our expectation, this should not occur till after the exchange of the ratifica tions, we do not think it would be very exacting to ask that, at all events, all restrictions which fetter commerce may be immediately removed, especially as the demand is in perfect accord with the text of preliminaries. Alter a long and laborious campaign, in which our navy has worthily sustained its ancient reputation, and has signalised itself by brilliant services, our ships are beginning to return by degrees to Copenhagen to be dismissed there, and every thing seems to indicate thatrtlie other vessels of the fleet will soon be recalled." Serious Railway Accident in Ireland.— A railway accident, attended with fatal consequences, took place on Sunday, night, near the town of Bal- linasloe. As the one o'clock pm train from Dublin to Galway reached the Bog of Clarara, in conse quence of the extreme rapidity at which it was then proceeding, a third class carriage in immediate connection with the engine ran off the rails, break ing the coupling between the tender and the train. The engine ran a considerable distance in advance of the train; the carriages following propelled the first carriage with so. miich force that it ran down the embankment into the adjoining field, dragging the others after it. and partly overturning the first and second carriages completely, which were imme diately shattered to pieces. The other carriages were drawn from one side to the other, and com pletely blocked up the line. The result of the acci dent was that two persons lost their lives, and six others were severely injured. Tragic Occurrence at Weymouth. — At a very early hour on Monday morning the household of Captain Dow, of Flwell, Weymouth, were startled by cries of " Murder J" proceeding from the upper part of the house. Iu a bedroom from which the cries proceeded one of the servants was found to be in a state of great excitement. She said a man, who had just escaped by the window, pounced upon her while she was asleep, and had nearly strangled her. Upon search being made a ladder, which had been removed from a house undergoing repairs not far distant, was found against the wall,, and, no doubt, by this ladder the mau gained access to the room. Marks of violence wex-e found on the neck of the girl. About 7 o'clock on Monday morning, a marine artilleryman, named Henry Stokes, belong ing to Her Majesty's ship Black Prince, was foimd lying dead, frightfully disfigured," in a deep stone cut ting of. the Portland Railway, which runs at the back of the house. The deceased is supposed to have been the midnight disturber, and whether he had mis taken the house for another, or whether he intended -to commit a robbery, is not very clear. Certain it lis that his boots corresponded with the marks leading from the back of the house to the cutting, at the bottom of which the body was found. He either forgot or was not aware of the proximity of . the cutting. An inquest was: held on Monday afternoon, and a verdict of found dead was re- - turned.— Mercantile Gazette, 1st November. 