BRITISH CAPTIVES IN ABYSSINIA. {From the Scotsman.') The difficulties which surround the unplea sant case of the British captives in Abyssinia are sufficiently indicated by the, composition of ; the papers on the subject, which have just been laid befpre Parliament. Of the thirteen pages over which the papers extend, less; than 'three were occupied with officii des patches, -and these despatches are of dates long ^rior to the commencement of the "Captivity; the other ten being made up of lifters oi advice and tenders of service made to the perplexed Government, by persons supposing themselves competent to bring the very delicate matter in hand to satisfactory issue. The papers themselves throw not the least light upon the immediate circumstances under which our fellow-countrymen's severe bondage began—and indeed, they are gene rally ras defective as it is possible to conceive. They give uis, -however,, the text of the letter of the " Emperor of Ethopia," out of which all the present trouble has arisen. Consul Plowden—the predecessor' of the Consul Cameron who is now in chains at Gondar— mixed himself up to a large extent with the. internal aifairs of Abyssinia. In concert with another Englishman, named Bell, who seems to have been of a singularly adventurous stamp of character, Mr Plowden with all iis will seconded the endeavour of Theo dores to extend his dominion over the rude kingdoms of Ethopia—being probably of the not very indefensible opinion that one strong semi-civilized government in those regions was better than a number of savage anarchies or sanguinary despotisms. Mr Plowden was wounded and take^ prisoner by an insurgent or unsubjected tribe. Theodpros ransomed him; but he soon after died, of his wound apparently, and his patron, fired with revenge, slew 3000 of the captors—the " Grand Chamberlain " Bell, however, falling in the war of massacre. Early in 1861, Earl Russell sent out Mr Cameron to take the place of Mr Plowden at Massowah; giving the new Consul strict injunctions to iollow other paths than those of his unlucky predecessors—to abstain from all interference in the internal affairs of Abyssinia, while, yet vigilant on the matters of other foreign isriluence and of the slave trade Whether the proceedings of Consul Plowden had met with the approval of the Foreign Office, does not appear from these papers—save in so far as a contrary, or at least a more careful, policy was enjoined on -Mr Cameron.' In the ? >«nd of 1861, Ihowevefc,; Earl ^£ussel wrote to f inform Mr Cameron that, the Queen having learned that the King of Abyssinia paid, a ransom for the late Mr Consul Plowden, and. being desirous of making some acknowledgr ment for the kindness shown by the King to one of her officers," had directed that -a' " suitable present" should be made to His Majesty. u A rifle and a pair of revolver pistols" were accordingly sent to Mr Cameron, that he might transmit them to Theo-: doros—which was done in the course of 1862. In February 1863, the Foreign Office received a letter addressed by the King of Abyssinia to Queen Victoria, setting out with ; this imposing if not impressive exordium—il In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God in Trinity—chosen by God, King of Kings, Theodoras of Ethiopia to Her Majesty "Victoria, Queen of England." Briefly recitipg the. doughty, deeds which, " by the power of God." he had been enabled to do in re-establishing the Empire of Ethiopia Theodores, referring to, what Plowden and Bell had told&im; of " a great Christian Queen, who. loves all Chris tians," says :—" When they said to me this, 4 We are able to make you known; to her, and to establish friendship between you,1 then in those times I was very glad. I gave them my love, thinking that I had found your Majesty's goodwill. All men are subjected to death, and my enemies, thinking to injure me, killed these my friends. But by the power of God-I have exterminated those enemies "— continues His most "Christian Majesty—" not, leaving one alive, though they Were of riiy own family, that I may get, by1 the power of God, your friendship." Prevented, by the sea-coast, being all in hostile hands, from vending to England and Embassy when he was " in difficulty," the arrival of Consul Cameron, with a letter and presents, had made him anew anxious to send Ambassadors with presents of amity ; and he prayed; the Queen to arrange for the safe, passage of his Ambassadors everywhere upon tie road." Howeyer grhn: andgrotesque may be several j of the features of. the Christianity and the | friendship to which Theodoros, Emperor of Ethiopia, berebore testiomony, his letter ! was plainly well intended, and deserved to be 1 at least respectfully answered. If there was i -any reason £or havidg a British establish-^ ment at Massowah, the same reasdn-~npt to say anything of the bare instinct of civility^— should have inclined our Government to . speak the potent and somewhat biqodthirsty TbeodoTOs fair. Bnt no notice; tvas takeirbf theletter for more tbin a ^ear^ akidintKej ^^h^?;^reipQp^rjt ^. ^^S^nieron—1#ho: \iak" gone; and .may be infejred.,to have iwcfwe(a.Chiin^^ ^^^tae'^niote^sMxed' 'witH Before this letter could reach Consul Cam eron, however, that officer had already incurred the .anger of the Bang—*11" the readier of kindling since he -fancied- himself slighted by the disregard of his 'overtures for friendship—by interfering on behalf of a missionary who had been condemned to suffer death. The letter fell into the hands of Theodoros, by, whom, beyond doubt, the order to Mr Cameron to quit Gondar was interpreted as an additional slight ^ and early in 1864 Mr Cameron, and a number of British subjects, and other Europeans, were all either lying in chains at Gondar, or " working for the King " at Gaffat-—expec ting, in the words of Mr Cameron's furtive message, " no release till a civil answer to the King's letter should arrive." News of the ill-treatment of our fellow countrymen and their fellow- captives—there are missionaries, and ladies and children, among the prisoners—reached England late in April 1864. Nearly a month elapsed before anything was done towards that now not merely gracefiil but necessary proceeding —the answer of the Ethiopian Emperor's letter ; and what was then done was done badly and uselessly. Earl Russel wrote, and Her Maiestv's sisrn manual was aflfnred to, a letter of date May 26, 1864, described as being "to the King of Abya^nia, *n acknowledgment of his autograph letterand " Hormuzd Rnssam, Esq., Assistant Resi dent at Aden," was " employed to deliver the same." The text of this letter no$ hav ing been published, we are of course unable to say whether or not it was satisfactory ; but the description of it does not incline us to think that it was while the manner of its trans mission was obviously contrary to the wishes of Theodoros—who asked that the answer to his letter should be sent " by Consul Cameron." The tardiness, the tone, and the channel, of this communication, therefore, were all against the prospect of'its. being well received, and restoring things to their former more pleasant footing ; and it would have been indeed no great wonder that the Empe ror Theodoros, though he were a far less high and mighty potentate than he is, should have been disclined to look on Mr Hormuzd Ras sam as worthy either of the source or. the destination of the letter he bears. The letter | and Mr Rassata remain at Massowah— Theodoros declining to permit him to come up to Gondar, on the ground that he is no Envoy, but a simple messenger; while all the time the captives languish in Gondar, subject to all the hardships of cliniajfe and of "prison, arid'lb^ CI^ceofaF powerful and not too scrupulous monarch, who is smarting under what he is to a certain extent justified in considering an insult. The situation thus arising is not conducive either to the comfort or to the pride of this country. 