MR PUNCH'S VISITS TO REMARKABLE PLACES IN THE METROPOLIS. Under the above heading it is Mr. Functis intention to furnish from time to time, a series of articles for the edification of his readers, des criptive of his visits to various places of interest in the metropolis, and his impressions there anent. He believes that a very large portion of the community are in most unblissful ignorance of the thousand and one treats gratuitously provided for them by the various paternal governments that have successively and successfully swayed the destinies of New South Wales, and therefore that his throwing his powerful light on their darkness will be as welcome as the many other labours of love he has already undertaken, and always will delight to undertake, for the good of the public. Without further preface he proceeds at once to give an insight into that Royal Peep Show into the weaknesses of society, known as The Central Police Office. This is really a noble building in the eyes of all true lovers of the unpicturesque, although that ingratitude which is so characteristic of the human race renders it distasteful to a large section of the commu nity, for whose accommodation it was originally provided, as a sort of preparatory benevolent asylum and resting place on the road to Dar- lingliurst, some of the recipients of its bounty having actually been heard to wish they had never seen it. To Mr. Punch and us that have free hearts, it touches us not, but becomes a delightful salle de varieties where vice is shewn its own image, scorn its own feature, and the very age and body of the time, its form and pressure. The building is a magnificent specimen of that attractive style of architecture aptly designated the non composite order, and is surmounted by a lofty dome, to which "Diana's marvel" was a "sell." The object- of this remarkable portion of the building is somewhat proble matical and has been a sore puzzle to everybody who has bothered his head to find out, and it is on record that the architect himself gave up the ghost in despair of ever discovering why he had ever built it. It is now generally supposed to be used as a nursery ground for rats, which as soon as they have arrived at years of discretion, and learned their rudiments, are distributed free of charge all through the town and country — a gaol delivery for that purpose taking place every three months ; however that is a state secret which is not Mr. Punch's province to inquire into at present. Suffice it to say the dulce domuni stands out in bold relief against the sky, very pretty to look at, but like the fly in amber, how the deuce did it get there ? It is rumoured that it is haunted by the ghosts of magisterial judgments, and that in the dark hours loud shrieks of "not guilty," from spirits who have no settled place of abode or visible means of support, may be heard by the j passer-by, but Mr. Punch cannot speak from experience, and has no j intention of qualifying himself to do so. I The building proper is divided by a lofty and capacious Hall of the Renaissance period into two gorgeous saloons. Nothing that white wash, plaster, and paint can do in the way of adornment has been left undone, and the result is brilliant in the extreme, especially in that agreeable lounge known as the dock, in which a large amount of guilt is the pervading feature. The splendid statue of a full length gentle man's head and. shoulders which adorns the Western Hall, has its face washed, its hair cut, brushed by machinery, curled and oiled, and the cobwebs taken out of its ears every Monday morning. The "benches" j in both courts are provided with velvet hangings of the most costly ! description, and the comfort of its occupants amply provided for by : the softest of velvet cushions that ever were sat in. A very impressive ; appearance is imparted to this portion of the Hall by the presence of ; a number of those reverend Nestors, the Great Unpaid "in lair ; round belly with good capon lined, with eyes severe and beard of! formal cut — full of wise saws and modern instances" — who there! play their part. The presence of a number of clean-collarcd, bosomed, ! faced, and handed guardians of morality, in their zephyr-like costumes j gives a very fairy-like tone to the coup d'ccil, while the aforesaid bench ; in its classical severity almost realises Olympus, with ail the Gods ( assembled, from Jupiter Tonans, Mars, Bac-hus, Apollo, down to et- j eeteri JDivoriim. In the body of the Ilall the most eminent barristers j of the age continually appear in hostile array, imposing awe in every ! curLof their horsehair ringlets, while the rest of the vast fane is in- | variably filled by the clitest of the elite, among whom may often be I seen the Dukes of York, Kent, Sussex, Clarence, Cumberland, and i Cambridge Streets, Sir James Bags, Lord William Barlow, The Hon. Artful Dodger, and many of the most distinguished members of the | Tag, Rag, and Bobtail Brigade, attired in the light and airy uniform of that imposing corps. Now with regard to the entertainments at this delightful place of amusement. After a long course of attendance at the popular readings delivered by the deposition clerks, and listening to the commentaries of the eminent legal authorities who bask beneath the sunshine of the bench, Mr. Punch has ari-ivcd at the conclusion that they are the greatest " curiosities of literature " ever submitted for public instruc- tion and amusement, and he has resolved to afford that portion of the community who do not participate in the innumerable delights of this arcadian institution some notion of the charming state of mind to which, by the joint operation of brow beating, cross examination, bench interogation, and. nervousness, suffering humanity is reduced under the soothing system practised by the legal faculty, and which is best illustrated in the following dramatic form : Complainant. The woman before the court is the person I complain of. She knocked me down with the poker, trampled on me with the dust pan, hit me over the head with a jug, gave me a blow of the nose with a flat iron, scratched my face, and smothered me with soap suds. That is the 'salt- 1 complains of. I owe her no ill will— at least if I do, I've paid her and so I don't. I gave her no provocation ; I did not call her names ; I never called her a " thing "—I might have called her "thing" — I called her a "thing"- — 1 was wrong to call her a "thing," because she is nothing — I had not been drinking with her. I had not been drinking- — I might have had a glass — might have been seven or eight — will swear it was'nt three — won't swear I could see a house — could see a hole in a ladder — never saw prisoner before she struck me— have known her intimately lor the last five years — I don't associate with such people as the prisoner — do not know how many- beans make five — am a respectable married woman with nineteen chil dren, three of them in arms — my husband left me six years ago to go fishing at. Petersham and has not come home yet, but I am expecting him every moment ; his tea has been waiting for him all the time, and the shrimps is getting spoiled — never said prisoner was a thorough bad 'un — said she was no good often — won't swear she hit me with the flat iron — it might have been me that hit her with it; I can't re- member such trifles — will swear that she gave me a box on the ear after I hit her with the flat iron — can't say that it was wrhat I ought to have expected, but by gorra, I got it whether I expected it or no — don't know who the flat iron belonged to — the assault took place last night — I have no marks — I am not bruised — I am very much bruised ; where, do you say P That's my business. Cross-examined by Mr. A. Won't swear prisoner used a poker, but I know she had not got one, because she lent it to me — that's what made her angry — -vve have only one poker between us. Mr. A. Describe the kind of poker you use. Mr. B. ( for defendant.) I object to that question your worship. II is Worship. I don't see any objection. Eh ? ( whispering to an official beneath him) Oh, ah ; put tho question in another way Mr. A. Mr. A. The poker you use, describe it. Mr. B. I object again. Mr. A. Give me a description of the poker you made use of. Mr. B. That will do. Comp. It was not a poker at all, it was a pair of tongs — they were mislaid —they were not used at all. Examined by Defendant.' Didn't you owe Mrs. Johnson 9d., and says you to mo when we was going permiscuous to Manly Beach together that Tommy Styles was going to marry Jane Murphy, and didn't I say to you— Comp. bTo ! Hf. Y cs you did. Comp. You're a story. Bench, (gravely but kindly.) Arc you aware that it is distinctly laid down in Magna Charta, and Fox's Book of Martyrs that any British subjects in a similar position to yourselves — we mean two British sub jects in a similar position to yourself — that is two British subjects in two similar positions to your two selves should abstain from- recrimi nation, and confine yourselves to interrogation and reply. Comp. The vich ? I don' t know the party. Bench, (blandly smiling.) You mistake— interrogation is not a party — interrogation is — is— in short interrogation is interrogation. Clerk whispers to Bench Bench. Exactly, just what we said — it means put a question, and answer yes or no. Now go on. Def Didn't you hit mo first ? Comp. Yes or no. Bench. Say one or the other Comp. Yes your honour, no. Bench, (to defendant.) Any more questions to ask ? Def, Only your honour, that it's all a pack of stories. Vox Populi. Ha, ha, ha ! Crier. Si-i-lence, (kicks an old woman into York-street.) His Worship. Have you any witnesses ? Comp. Yes, your honour, Wilhelmina Mahony. His Worship. Call William Ena Maloney. lsh Police. William Henry Boloney 2nd. Police. Willumenery Blowney. 3rd. Police. William and Henry Poloney. Voices in the Distance. Honey — Roney — Pony — Bonoy, 1st Police. Not here, your Worship His Worship. The Bench finds you guilty of the assault. How would you prefer to be dealt with ? Def. To be let off, your worship. His Worship. lrou are fined 5s., or six month's gaol. Defendant pays money and exit, followed closely by complainant into courtyard. A scene of mutual recrimination and a " scrimmage'" ensues ; the belligerents are separated and locked up, and the enter tainments conclude tilth the adjournment of the court. 