CONTINENTAL EUROPE. THE CONDITION OF SPAIN. (From the Special Commissioner of the Daily Telegraph.) I WAS never a Pretendiente, although I should not at all object to a snug commis sionership, with nothing to do, and twelve hundred a year to get ; but I have always had a great liking for looking at the outside of government offices. The porticoes of the Ministere des Finances under the arches of the Rue de Rivoli in Paris is, for instance, a great study. How comes it that you meet so many ladies there What nave the fair sex to do with finance ? What sleek, rogue faces-sharp schemers' faces glum, disappointed faces you see passing in and out. How some rub their hands and chuckle softly they have got the Minister in a right place, and had their will of him ; how others bite the lip, and set the teeth, and stuff the now useless bundle of papers into the coat-pocket. The Minister has said them nay, and they have received the moral kick downstairs-a process practised to admiration in all public departments. From the outside of Somerset House, too, you may learn great things. Every variety of beard, turn-down collar, scarf-pin, and watch-guard is on view when the victims of a despotism which reigns from 10 till 4 every day arrive and depart. To inspect the carrying in of lunch at 1 o'clock-that ceremony is now, I suppose, superseded by a refreshment-room-used to be productive of much philosophic meditation. You wondered whether it was stamps and taxes or audit office who took oysters, and how titles' commissioners could contrive to dispose of two huge mutton chops. And then your eye was arrested by the unmistakeable duns who used I am glad to speak in the past tense-to hang about; the small bill discounter affecting the Strand, while the horse looking dun and the army tailor looking dun more constantly patronised the contours of the Treasury and the War Office. And you thought of the young ladies and gentlemen, who found out that the court-yard of Sir William Chambers' huge bureaucratic palace was a capital place for flirtations, and that lovers' vows might be conveniently interchanged on the brink of that abyss in the middle, originally intended, I infer, for a fountain, and where there is a colossal statue of an old black man, in reduced circumstances and insufficient apparel, embrac- ing, with signs of the most ardent affec- tion, a pickle jar of preternatural proportions. I never could make out whether he was meant to represent the Thames and its tributaries, on the Patriarch Noah exulting over the. discovery of old port. To the edifice at home, however, I, have been but a casual visitor ; here for the first time I live opposite a Government office, and am thus enabled to study its phases from morning till night. In the way of interest I consider that the Ministers de la Goberna- even beats Somerset House and the Minis- tyre des Finances hollow. I have grown to know- from afar off the heads from the backbones of departments, ay, and the caudal appendages thereof, and can tell a Pretendiente, or outsider, from an Empleado, or insider, as keenly as a Temple laundress can distinguish between a Bencher and Mr. Briefless. The tabernacles, I must observe again, is an important military post, as well as the Home Office of Spain. Half a foot regi- ment seem to be on guard there and the easy, contented, smilingly supine look of the warriors off duty-the airy way in which the officers strut up and down, puffing tiny clouds of smoke from their parents, and ogling anything superior in the way of a mantilla which may happen to pass-I confess, puzzles me. How can these gay sons of Mars, the only ones among Spaniards who do not shroud themselves to the eyes in cloak, and stalk mourn- fully moonwards, conspire, pronounce, rebel ? How do they set about it Who first impels them to the foul design ? At present, the Guardians Chiles being round the corner, they seem the most loyal troops imaginable. It is a most pleasing sight to behold the guard turn out and present arms when the royal carriages pass, which they seldom fail to do twice a day. I always have timely notice of the approach of royalty. At about twenty minutes past 3 p.m. I hear a flourish of trumpets a wild Moorish fanfare-from the tabernacles guard-house. The window is open-yes, wide open on the 4th of February, and I rush into the balcony. There goes royal carriage number one, a stout, handsome, double-bodied vehicle, with red wheels, and crammed full of children. There goes royal carriage number two also crammed full of children. Why, bless my heart, here is another carriage full to the window sills of Spanish olive branches. Well may the heralds deck the pillars of Hercules with the proud inscription " plus ultra." Blessed is the Queen who has her quiver full of them and what a happy man the king of Spain must be ! When harnessed to these royal carriages you see six mules, you may be certain that not actual regnant royalty, but some of lots Nos, the Infantes and Infant's, fire within. The mules are magnificent, and, at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, they would create a prodigious sensation. plump and sleek, tall and shapely, ears erect, and tails of which they have no reason to be ashamed, they fully merit the epithet of "arrogant," which the Spaniards are so fond of applying to them. Previous to the interesting event which has blessed the Castles, with another robust Infante," I was honored on two occasions with a view of Her Majesty in person, proceeding for her afternoon's drive. Then, not six mules, but six superb black horses draw the royal carriages position on the leader. The pace is a rapid trot, the turn-out exceedingly handsome. The coachman, footmen, and outriders wear long blue cloaks and gold-laced hats of the Egham, Staines, and Windsor " pattern; and another retainer, cloaked and cocked hatred, rides a stately charges between the first and second carriages. This second conveyance, as I hinted in a previous letter, is, when her Majesty goes abroad, empty. It is the traditional and historical cloche de- but I forget its Spanish name, the Carrosse den case which Pere la Chaise and Scarron's widow, the pretty pair, tried to persuade Louis Quay noise in his dotage to set up. But, dotard as he was, the ben-and-raven-pecked old man would not humble himself so far. Whenever the Queen, in her drives about Madrid, meets the procession of the Host, out of her grand coach she gets. Dusty or muddy as the road may be, she nights, and the priest with his pyx is installed in her place. Then the use of the coolie de becomes apparent. I must add that the " in-case-of-need " turn-out is as hand- some as the actual coach-royal. I wonder whether the authorities ever hint to the clergy that when passing with the Sacra- ments they might as well avoid the Puerta del Sol between the hours of 3 and 5 while the Queen is in Madrid. Her Majesty's piety is well known has she not given every wooden Virgin in the kingdom a trousseau which a Russian Archduchess might envy and continually ascending and descending from one coach to another might be productive of some inconvenience. There is, however, in the whole thing a charmingly curious combina- tion of luxurious ostentation and ascetic denial, of religion and stiff-neckedness, and especially of the pride which apes humility. The mystic symbolism which Philip the Second professed yet lingers in varnished and Voltairian Madrid. But the reality is lost; the gilt and showy outside only remains. Ere we quit the Ministry of the Interior pray take note of the curiously honeycombed and vermiculated appearance which the facade say to a height of fifteen feet presents. The spaces between the windows are assiduously placarded with advertisements relating to dentistry, pedestrian, and photography ; the Bailes de Mascaras, or Carnival balls, at the Zarzuela Theatre to new editions of the works of Cervantes to waxwork shows, or Figueres de Cera to the next bull-fight and to the performances of a noted gymnast, who christens himself " Jack Sparr." Fancy bill-sticking being permitted on the walls of Sir Charles Barry's sumptuous range of public offices in Whitehall ! But between these placards, and above them, and below them, there are spaces, and every inch of wall so discovered presents the pock-marked aspect I have mentioned. Why are the walls se pitted ? Why are the grating in front of the windows common enough in all Spanish houses-of extra thickness, here ? Why is the guard-house considered so very important a part of the edifice, that when the French architect, Jacques Marquet, submitted his plan to the Duque de Aranda -a plan in which the different suites of rooms were reached by means of a grand staircase in the centre of the facade that impetuous nobleman told him that he must have a guard-house there, and that he might put his staircase wherever he chose The stairs are accordingly huddled into an obscure corner and in most English descriptions of Madrid the unlucky French- man is taunted with having forgotten the staircase altogether in his original design. Honor to M. Germond de Lavigne, who, in his " Itinerary of Spain," one of the best of the Joanne collection, has vindicated the memory of his countryman from unjust aspersions. I wait for some English architect to clear the fair fame of our Beazley from the charge of having forgotten the gallery staircase at the Lyceum. There is, it should he stated, a very simple solution to this enigma of honey- combing and emasculation on the walls of the tabernacles. The stone is too sound to have rotted like the wretched stuff fit only to clean knives and scrub hearths-of which our Houses of Parliament have been built. The mountain air of Madrid is too pure for stone to suffer from atmospheric erosion. As the blocks were hewn by the mason and chiselled by the sculptor, so they remain sharp and firm for hundreds of years. The outward walls of the Gober- nation have merely been pitted by the smallpox of civil war. Thousands of volleys of musketry have been fired at that trade, now peacefully decorated with the placards of cane-cutters and tooth-drawers. Well might they bar those windows up. An infuriated populace has striven to storm them a hundred times. For this Puerta del Sol, beat well understood, has been for a century the cockpit of Madrid, and too often a kind of Golgotha. More patriots than ever fell on the Carrousel have been slain there. " I have known the time," a veteran politician said to me, pointing at the soldiers lounging on the guard-room benches, when five hundred dures, judiciously distributed among those men, would produce a pronunciamento." There have been times, too, when the people, needing no bribes or donatives, but only the quickening spur of passion and the sun, have risen in furious wrath, and beaten against the walls of the tabernacles, even as the waves lash the base of the Eddy- stone. Sometimes not often, lucidly the Mooners become a mob, and rent their rulers in pieces. It is well for the peace of Madrid that the masses almost invariably wear cloaks, and that those cloaks are folded about the body in a manner so complex and elaborate that violent muscular exertion while enwrapped in these garments is all but impossible. Only one hand is free, to hold-with the pacific, a cigarette ; with the naughty, a knife. The rest of the man is a kind of walking mummy, only to be unrolled at night. The Spaniard is, in fact, a tall baby in Swaddling clothes. Now a man so muffled , up, I take it, cannot easily revolt. Mr'. Squeers complained of the difficulty of thrashing a boy in a hackney coach. How rarely do you find a woman fly into a passion when she has had her hair dressed. It is when she is in deshabille that the rows take place. How is a man in a cloak to build a barricade, or fling stones, or carry about the heads of unpopular officials on pikes ? The man in a blouse can do these things, and, when he has a chance, he does them. To rebel you must tuck up your sleeves ; there is no backing up your sleeves when you are tucked up in a mantle of mystery. The dangerous political activity of Spanish soldiers is, perhaps, due to their walking about in jackets and tunics, and having their arms free. A civilian Spaniard would much sooner abandon his hat or his boots than his cloak. The highest compliment which he can pay you on meeting you in the street is to enclose; and I bat ad- der the ra rts tile Y's Men i a ess ing leave the in the end by the led is may have heard the fact that the people so rarely uncover when the Sovereign passes, accounted for on the ground that to do so they must remove their cloaks, and so run the risk of catching the much dreaded pulmonary malady of Madrid. There are but two conjunctures in which a genuine Spaniard will without reluctance unmuffle himself. The first is when he sees Beauty in distress. Then will he cover her with his cloak or spread it on the ground for her to walk upon, as Walter Raleigh did for Great Eliza. The second is when he meets a bull. Then he whips off his cloak, flourishes if, trail it in the dust, flicks it in the eyes of his traditional foe, and, with a cry of " Ah, Toro !" only regrets that it is not scarlet. To me, when it grows late, and the great white moon shines in the midst of the vault, and the fountain, its jet stilled now, reflects Diana in its basin as though it were that well we all seek with Truth at the bottom when it grows so late that the lights in the windows are extinguished, and the babbling of the newsboys and water sellers below is hushed, and only, perhaps, a solitary guitar twanged in a by-street makes you dubious as to whether the serenade is still among the things of the present; or some silly British travelling gent, deluded by romance reading, has imagined that to serenade Dear Inez in her bower is yet the " thing," and is twanging on spec ; or whether, which is likeliest of all, some itinerant ballad singer is practising in his garret a new segments, which, he trusts, may bring him a few peals to-morrow then, at this witching hour of night, the Puerta del Sol is haunted by a ghost. A soldier-like ghost, a most martial phantom he is. Bright gleams his cuirass, and glistens his gold embroidery, and floats his snow-white plume in the moonlight. Iiavon black, and pressed into fantastic ringlets, are his hair' and beard. There are jewels in his cap and on his sword hilt, and even on the sumptuous housing of his snorting charger. Round and round the Puerta he pranced proudly and defiantly ; but, woe is me 1 he is all one gore of blood. There is blood from the counter to the crupper of his steed blood on his bright cuirass and broidered doublet-blood on his jewelled cap and sparkling sword hilt. It is no blood of his own it is that of the people of Madrid; and from the nine street corners rise nine times nine legions of pale ghosts, their shrouds ensanguined, co who point at him and gibber, yet flee with a shriek of affright as the bloody hoofs of his horse come clattering towards them. This is no ghost of the Old Campeador, of Guzman the Good, of Alonzo the Brave no, it is the phantom of one who but fifty years since was a living, breathing man, but whose romantic valor made him the paladin of the French army, while his ex- travagantly theatrical style of apparel caused him to be nicknamed its " Fran come." I see the spectre of Joachim Murat, the Provencal innkeeper's son, some time Grand Duke of Berg and King of Naples the beau sabreur of the Moskowa, the husband of Caroline Bonaparte, but to all Spaniards a man to be loathed and remembered with curses as the infamous hero of the "Bois de Mayo," 1808. On the 23rd of March in that year Murat arrived at Madrid as lieutenant for the Emperor Napoleon. For a few weeks he made some efforts to ingratiate himself with the Middlesex ; nay, according to some accounts, Murat aspired to the throne of Spain to the detriment of Joseph. He had as good a right to it as that worthy. But who has not been accused of aspiring to the throne of Spain ? Even the Duke of Wellington was charged with such an ambition. The Madrilene, however, soon lost their liking for Murat. On the first of May the mob, irritated by the enforced departure of some of the Infantes, hissed Grand Duke Joachim on the Puerta del Sol, and pulled from his horse a French aide de-camp who had cut a hissing allege down. A terrible vengeance followed. The poor Mooners of the Puerta del Sol fell by hundreds before the sabres of the French Cuirassiers and of Mamelukes for whose Oriental aspect and chess the orthodox Spaniards. had a special aversion. They thought the Moors had come again. More appalling massacres took place on the days and nights immediately ensuing, and numbers of the people, tried by military commissions, presided over by General Gruchy, of Waterloo notoriety, were shot on the Prado. Mr. Ford, in the amusing melange of wit, humour, art criticism, and classical lore, which is still, in despite of its high Tory prejudices, one of the most admirable of handbooks, traces the subsequent fate of Murat and Grouchy to the direct action of a Nemesis angered by their atrocities in Spain. Grouchy, it is true, died in his bed, but earned the scorn and hatred of France for not coming up in time at Water- loo ; whereas Murat, captured on the Cala- brian coast in 1895, was tried by a " military commission, and shot in virtue of a law which he had himself decreed while King of Naples. Most luckless, and yet most fortunate Joachim spoilt child of Fortune, but whose mother, as the mothers of spoilt children are apt to do, in a moment of ungovernable rage at his naughtiness, beat him to death, to be sorry for it, and pamper his descendants in the next generation. The bankrupt, captive, disowned, doomed Beau Sabreur, with his gay Franconi tunic all besmeared, and his snow-white plume hopped oft', had other things, I fear, lying heavy on his soul that sultry summer afternoon when he sat in the castle of Pizzo eating his last meal of macaroni and boiled chicken, from which they had taken out the bones lest he should strive to choke himself with them. Fortunate, indeed, if no diver fate awaited him than to haunt, as in idle fancy I have pictured him, the Puerta del Sol. WHAT IS VC COMING TO PAt. a late meeting of the London Chemical Society, papers were read On Pyrophosphotriatnio Acid and its Salts;" On Diethylated Former Aldehyde j" and " The Constitution of Glyoxylio Acid." WHAT is that which is always invisible and never out of sight The letter I. WHY is swearing like a ragged coat It is a bad habit. WHY does what you see put up in a confectioner's shop window in summer remind you of hydrophobia?-Water I sees and I screams (Water, ices, and ice creams). WHY is a bad shot like an amusing follow ? Because he is the boy to keep the game alive. . ON the occasion of a terrible shipwreck, when all the efforts of the ' captain and crew seemed unavailing to avert the coming fate, we recollect an old lady going up to the skipper, wringing her hands in desperation, and exclaiming, " Oh, captain are we really in such danger ? " " Yes, ma'am," answered he, " we must trusMin Providence now." " Good God 1 " was the proud rejoinder, " has it come to that " SPANISH PROVERBS. Water that has run by will turn no mill, love, a horse, and money, carry a man through the world. Three things kill a man : a hot, sun, supper, and trouble. To shave an asses a waste of other. If the gossip is not in her own house, she is in somebody else's. Don't speak ill of the year till it is over. The mother-in-law forgets she was once a daughter-in-law. A mewing cat is curiouser. Men are as grateful for kind deeds as the sea is when you fling it a cup of water. AN unfortunate Kentucky editor thus addresses his delinquent subscribers s, Friends, we are almost penniless. Job's turkey was a mu lionairo compared with our present depressed treasury. To-day, if the price of salt was two cents per barrelful, we could not buy enough to pickle a jay bird." A SOUTHERN journal advertises for a journey- man printer one who can do press and job work, is a Union man, believes in the existence of a God, and don't drink whisky." A printer who combines all these qualifications is not often met with. SIXVBB KEYS Although the George the Third fashion of vails to servants has happily gone out of date, together with the old road momento, " Coachman, sir " " at the end of one's journey by the Royal Mail, yet many silver keys are still needed before a visit to a country house can be properly enjoyed and ended. Not only are there the servants within doors, the butler, the footman, the grand groom of the chambers, the groom of the stables, the coachman and the maid, but there are also the out-of-door retainers the gardener who has done the honors of conservatories, vineries, and pinches the gamekeeper who has the power to assign you a good or bad position for the phea- sants-the huntsman and whip who have given you a pad and eased your leaps by removing a hedge stake or opening an awkward gate. For such as these a goodly cluster of silver keys is requisite if the visitor would duly enjoy his Christmas holidays in the country house. And if the recipients of silver keys are not unfrequent in the country they cluster and swarm in the town. Look at the female pew opener of the town church ! You can see in her very eyes the lustre of the silver keys, or, as it might also be written, the lust for the silver keys. It is because you are a stranger that she will not take you in. You may stand in the aisle and air yourself at the western door and she will be deaf to your entreaties to put you in the vacant corner of a pew ; but if there is a metallic transfer from your purse to her itching palm, it acts as the silvery key that magically unlocks the pow-door, the opener thereof suddenly remembering that, as some of the Misses Trimmers pupils had not yet returned to school, these ladies had kindly placed at her disposal three kncolingB for that and the following Sunday ; if you were coming there next Sunday, perhaps you would like to secure a seat ? Perhaps you would but if so, it is needless to say that the bargain has to be secured by a silver key. And the theatrical beekeeper is not less mercenary than the ecclesiastical pew opener. He, too, must be tipped-not like the hills, with gold, but with the silver key before he can admit you to those seats or chairs to which, as you had vainly imagined, your ticket of admission had given you the right of entree, but about which, as he informs you, there must be some mistake, as he had ticketed them for another party, who, as it would seem, must have abandoned their intention of coming for thanks to the silver key, your box is reserved to you for the evening, and your children can enjoy the fun and glories of the pantomime to their hearts' content. The shilling of the recruiting officer is also the magic key that, to many a rustic youth, opens the door to a new life in which his native clay is changed to pipeclay, and his drills are of a novel nature. Bribery being now forbidden, and general elections (as is well known being conducted only on the purest principles, we can but refer to it as a past custom that in the blue-and-buff and rotten borough days of once upon a time, the doors of Parliament could only be opened to its members by the Liberal (and Tory) use of very costly silver keys. ChnBtmas-bo^cs may also be looked upon in the light of silver Icejs, which we use on compulsion, and after much growling and protest, silently felt if not audibly expressed. The waits that rouse us out of sleep with their girl influenced strains, softened to our cars by drawn curtains and poetic sympathy, until they sound in harmony with the season-their musical key we know will be a "silver one, however may be the medium through which their melody has been evoked. And so with the church bell ringers, with their tinkling peals of hand-bells, the carol singers, the postman, the dustman, the policeman, the butcher, the baker, the candle stick maker, and all other tradesmen whose, people leave their wares at your door, flirt with your servants, and, presuming upon the fabled generosity of the season, hope for a Christ mas box to drink your honor's health! Christmas makes us acquainted with many such postulations as these, our whom if we close the door without using the silver key, we should be accounted as charts unfitted for the freehand festivities of the time. But there is one kind of silver key the free though not indiserimate use of which no ii odd strongly advocate and that is, the silver key of charity that shall unlock the gratitude and man an aching heart, and open some of the worthy at attributes of our fallen nature. Such silver keys are indeed of sterling value at all times, and never less so than at the anniversary of that blessed season that brought goodwill man. London Review. A ROMANCE OF THE POLICE FORCE In July, 1855, a man named Henry Cotton was arrested by Senior-constable Walsh, then stationed at Maryborough, on a charge of high way) robbery under arms. After being crammed in the police-court, Cotton was committed for trial at the criminal sessions at Carisbrook, Mart . borough not being at the time of the importance' which it has since assumed. On being brought before Judge Forbes, Cotton was found guilty by the jury, but as Mr. Adamson, who conducted the prosecution for the Crown, stated that there were other charges against him, the prisoner was remanded for sentence till wet day. On conveying Cotton and another w sonor nsmodLowis from the court-house (raerelT a calico roofed hut) to the lock-up, both of them escaped, and search for them proved unavail- ing. The constables in charge of the prisoner' were both young men, and although there was an inquiry into the circumstances of the CiCapti they were let off very easily. Nothing viz board of Cotton until a short time ago, we constable Walsh, who is now stationed at our last, had the custody of some split tea, we were imprisoned in default of paying fines ? cutting wood without a license. From the Walsh learned that a man answering ColtON , description lived in the very heart of Bullarook Forest. In company with another q^15',,1; j and both dressed in plain clothes, Avalon J several days explored the forest, till they ci s upon the very sequestered spot where tot ; and his mate had their hut. Hero Walsh amuse him, and on Saturday last passed tlirOT;, I Kyneton with his prisoner to Mary bores J. where he was further identified by one or < jury who tried him. The constables, in : whose custody the prisoner escaped, art ! longer in the force, and have, in &<>\b?ca '.. eight of, but the record of the case still esw It will be a somewhat novel case, if this rule brought up for sentence eleven years after a j conviction. He was comfortably dressed , had a tolerably good but to live in and of our readers will agree that while Cons' Walsh deserves credit for the performance j his duty, yet it would have been more nan- i if Cotton had been left alone, especially .. ^ seems long ago to have settled down i honest and hard-working mode of gaining a livelihood Kyneton Guardian, April its 