I ; PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. ? PWNCB or WAi,E3 Tn«ATnr.-The favourite drama,. " Arrah na Pogue," after giving riso to two or three oxtra sensations in tho Supreme Court, and obtaining mora popular patronage than anything of tho kind for a long period, was withdrawn on Saturday evening, to make way for ono of thoso higher mental gratifications to be derived from the study of ono of tho most perfect of dramatio compoeitious tho world possesses, placed ' before tho public, and performed in overy respect, in a highly superior mannor. We, refer,'of course, to tho Srod u ot ion of "Hnra'ot," ot tho above theatre, on last aturdiy evening, in which Mr. Barrr Sullivan played Hamlet; Mr. ft. Heir, tho Ghost; Mrs. It. Hoir tho Quoon ; Mrs.' Greville, Ophelia; Mr. Hammond, Horatio ; Mr. Harwood, Polonious ; and Mr. 0. , Walsh, Mnrcollns. In our' noir, wo shall speak, moro fully of tho pcrformauco, but content ourselves now with stating, that it was very successful indeed. Tho players wero rocoived with all tho fervour of cathu- . siasm, by a vory crowded houso in airports; but that whioh should set tho . example of encourage- ment, to really good coting. It 1 is strange, that tho patmnago of tho morn wealthy portion of our inhabitants cannot bo secured for tho legitimate drama. Sinco last week, tho management has austin changed hands, and Mrs. Poota has resigned tho dirvctross-snip and wo consequently miss moro than ono familiar faco, . from their accustomed posts, and especially that of the ' well-known Mr. O. V. Howard, tho lato treasurer to".' the theatre.' . . 1 RoY«t VJCTOMA, TIIB.VHIE.-Arran na Poguu" has ? : . retired from this stage, to malro room for the " Colleen. - Bown." She did not rocoivo, on Saturday, night, so warm a recoption os Arrah hail on her first appearance, . probably bocause sha had boon introduced before. The.» . young lady, Min» Jessie Liston, who undertook to pre sent hor on ,this occasion, is a bashful maiden, clearly not well accustomed to tho stage Shu ¡3 not yet possessed of. the confldenoo whioh oxporianoo alono can glvo, hut we have hopes that, in time, sho may riso.tó somo distinction. Thoro is a certain artlessness abont : her whioh is rather winnini? ; ,sho is young, too, and has teodor, beaming oyes, but sbo must lot her soul ?peak out if sho hopes to influonca tho publia Sho must- . ' speak louder, abandon herself to tho unstudiod elegance of nuturo, forgot her own identity, and be the.poruonago shepleys. This is a golden rule, which, sho will do well to follow. Mr. O'Noil, as Mylos na Coppaloon, his first appearance hero : in that character, played it batter thoo any ot his predecessors His humour, as usual, was rich and contagious, and his singing really . good. And speakingof singing, reminds us now muon ? this gentloman has improved sinco ho first vieitod.ua,....... His voice is much moro poworful ; ho. manages" it . > moro artistically, and when:tho occasion demands it, hs | , infuses into it a certain tenderness which tquabos the>>.< . hearts of his listeners. Ho ruado a splondld hit on .. Saturday by his sudden and fierce outburst of indig- ".. nation when, Corrigan speaks of tho Collcen.Bawn VB-: tho, in ia trow' of Hard ross Oregon. " This outburst .. . " brought . down - tho audionco/'. as tho. phrase is, in- - ' 'stinbtively, because' it was so true to natura ITrj. Clifford made aa excel Ion t Hardrcss,< and i looked the ohnracter well. His conception of thc.part did him, ,. OTodit. Wo havo novar seen Mrs, Moore . to'bettor ad-" vantage than as Mrs. Oregon. Miss. Gordon modo *, most spirited Ann Chute, and was frequently applauded. Sbo sang the "Poor Irish Boy''-a difficult song-in « . very pleasing stylo. Mr. Burford's Danny Mann w*s> too artificial and too laboured a performance, and his-,. ,, death bod scene was not pleasant to oontomplato, , Wa',,, i confess wo laughed at it, yet that confession does not ., convict us of hardness of heart. He might die alittlo . -,. « easier and without that frightful rattle in tho -throat. , .. . j whioh he seems toconsidor a natural accompaniment of.... death. Wo say atl this with, good humour, .for. Mr. j Burford is a sterling actor, ns ni) who, .witnessed his Michael Fenny must acknowledge., Mr. Chandler as-, - Kyrlo Daly, and Mr. West as Corrigan, contributed to ,, . I tho success of tho picco, whióh was placed upon tho , .; stago in o very creditable mannor. Tho afterpiece wo*. I tho i'Irish Tutor," Mr. O'Neil playing Dr. O'Tool© . ,r. with im menso spirit, amidst roars of laughter., (Mr. . \ i "Woit as Dr. Flail, tho rival pedagogue, played remark- . ,' .. 'ably. woll. His make-up was very good indeed. AB N. I for tho rest, silcneois kindness. .Thoro was a vary large,.. , c [audience,' considoriog tho other attractions of th«i : .; ovoning'. ..., ,.,,, (."j-, á Trna Mauuora Cincos. -This hippodromatlesl en-t' tortoinment continues to attract tho plcasuro-eecling > public Tho crowds who attend each performance, d*»" ' part,' as it wore, with an appetite aharpenod for another " . feast of feminine, masculine, and equino dexterity. ' ? > Brightest among tho many advertised stars of thia ' <* gignntio circus ia tho oolobrated Ella Zóyora, who In-'» . . variably receives vociferous' applause for her griieoftis .? and I daring equestrianism. Mesdames Gemma and Ann'oroau aro also oxcollont and decant rido'rs, and go through their sovaral sots in a manner ontifling theta . >< to all tho approbation thoy reçoive. Mr Barry, tho i'-1 doublo somersault thrower, is cxcoodlng clever in all hs performs, and young Loray dashes!through 'bis act on the bare-backed slooa with tho most consiimrasto ess* ? ' and , fenrlessnoss. Tho acrobatio feats of Mesera Ross and Carlo aro porformod with perfect non-'' : chalaneo and freedom from apparent oxortion Tho fun, * is kept fully alivo by Mr. J. (.coko when ho isl within' - tho mngio circle, and somo of his sayings are novol anrj . witty, and all of thom freo from.any approach to vol- > . garity. A mirth- provoking act is that performed br Ross and Carlo; and the mariner in whioh Ross descends '. into tho tub exciten the heartiest laughter. Altogether, '. tho programmes gono through are. full of merit, ' anùV ' am so divorsiiled os to loa ve no cause of oomplalnt,- 11 exeopt to thosa who are satisfied -.with nothing'at alf, ' and they aro in a very minute minority. . . . . . 