011UÄOH OB' ENGIiA-ND GENEBAI» CON« _tfBJRENOB._ Th» General Conference motyostorday, m tho uiiurc Bopioty's Koom«,-ihortly after three oWöck. Tho Mi tropolitan preaided.i.r .'. -.</ ounij ¿M..-:?..?.'.?'-> J*-1 The proceedings wcro,:Openod byjthe .'MetwpoHtai reading the usualpmycra î 7 and'the. minutes-éf theilai meeting hartog booq confirmed,, tho debato was H ?urned by '?;..> ,; '¡ DI!1 . ' . : 'Captain BOLTON felt the weight of; the responsibiht that derolred'upon him in ic-oponing. the dobato, an he waa only, sustained by tho feoling of a einoero desit tot tho benoQt of the wholo -chureh; His'stártin Sjifat would be then that tho Ch urah, of England i íiYoolony held., precisely the : samo : position na an other denomination of Christians in Few South Wnlei Be was afraid that bithorto their deliberations had bee characterised by a sort of beating about tho buen, an he trusted that thoy should come to the real point a issue. ; (Hear, hoar.) Ha admitted that hin lordahi of. tho, diocese of Sydney had only dono his duty i directing " hi« Chancellor , to .proparo certaii Treiolutiona for tho consideration of tho cor fereaoe-t but he ,i eould not help thinkin that the learned Chancellor had acted more in th spirit of nn advocate than in tho spirit of a ohurchmat lie (Captain Bolton) deprecated tho immonio power 1 gare to 'tho ' Chancellor of tho diocese, by having t move.-ovory Toeoltttion, and by having tho righto roply. ; He -.would. much ? rather : havo soon this dut delegated to tho hands of a laymen, and not to soabl an 'advócalo : ns tho learnod Obancollor of the diocese It appeared to him that tho only, question at iesno wa this : Ono party askod for a eynod bill, while the otho said thor» woe no such necessity, and that all the, Wanted was a trust deod. Th« learned Chancellor i his opening, spoeoh roferred to tho Wcaloyana and Proi by (oriana, and, in Bpoakinç of tho former mado an ot "viona miitSVo Now, when tho learned Chancelle made such a mislako-especially on a subjoct on whie he might be supposed to bo familiar-one could nc prevent Suspicion arising that tho learnod gsntloraa WU BtiH'actiag tho advocate, and adapting bia momor to' his Oaiij. :, (Hoar, hear.) Ho should avoid tronahin fipoti tho arguments that had alrdady hcen used, and h Would How rotor to tho Amorioan church. He wt aware'that the name of America would not be rocoive -ftkiroa-rably, but he-could not help that. That.ohurc! had .' been governed by consensual compact ove sÎTice, ' by the great' robelEdn, the ; ¡,TJ,nitb State;-., sovorod tfcomselveg, from tho mothoc oountr; In tho United States thei judges' lefuèed.to iiitórfero-i «hüroh matters, and leave every dhuroh-.'.(ol''dosi¡wit itrown concerns." (Captain'Bolton road à judgment't one of ,the Amerieanjudgos, in nhioh it was ruled tba tho courts ; had no jurisdiction to restrain, any of tb chUrchqa frbm doposin^ nny'of.thoir officers for, offence .gainst Xhiit laws.)' '? Ho ' wbmd ' now refer '. to,, a .'cai wnioh. would rio doubt oxeit'e thoh'eibility of his frion« on the right, especially when 'he told thoni 'tho ca: Wàg'ônô eonnocted -STÍUI a ¡jockey club. (Laughter 'The d«cÍBÍdd(£iven in ' tho-tiao' héïoferr'ed'tOiwaflioE in which ¡ho had unbounded confidence, aa it eame'frot .. learned- gentloman who waa : celebrated for'his erat legal kaowTodgo, and who was respeoted (ihroughou tho land-he roforrod to Sir -Alfred Stephen, .(Heal hoar.) ,The case to which ho-referred was known os ¡Din T. WoOIfo, nnd the action waa against th» -Jookoy'Olu for: having paid over the monoy ^-for bete or'stckos in a certain manner. The loamed j udgo dooidod tbs he oo'utd not interfere with the docision of tho Jocko, Club, which waa -governed by rules to wbioh>all tb members-subjected themselves by agreement. . (Ilea: hear.') Now, if a /jockey club, governed b e«|tiia rule»,, and ' voluntarily agreed to, cou! not " bo] '.'interfered ; with, .in its. -.decision bj? the Supreme Court,'siirily tho docisipns of a syno of the Church of England established under conspnsui compact, will be equally bindihg, and equally -frei) fror interference on the part of tho civil law. Now h ' would refer to the- WU that had been prepàred.'and h eontonded that if that-bill came to be the law, tb church in tho .colony" would become'.emphatically ?Uto ohurch, (Ko, no). Ho asserted that the bi asked for state-aid to-enable the Church trb "carry oí her governmoat and -oonstitations. What would thî de but make the chureh a state ohurch; .'(Hear, hem Ko, no.) . What/he asked for waa a truBMaeod, and tb ohurch, tobe; governed by a voluntary oompaot.; :I had boon .said. tiiat>y' this , method thoro would be n means of punishing an offanding olHoenof ¡thochurol A groátdoal had; beentsaid about tho Star .Chamber, am abotit ' chains behind .doors, I which, no -doubt, som would want to soo if thoy could getia synod bill ;. *bu all tho punishment .thoy would bo ablo to inflict unde voluntary compact would.be. admonition, suspension and, as , the;.moat ,severo- form/, of punishment deprivation. "(ttóv.'Mr.iLiLT.TNaaTqjra-: That is al wo want.)' Woll, theeó punishments could be carrion out as effectually under voluntary compact, ' as 'if thoj had a synod bill of tho ; most stringent nature.. >. I would-bo Just as easy to dofénd Sydney heads from ni invasion by the eaomy bpr an Act of Parliament) as i would bo to defend religious principio by a synod bill Tko right.reverend tho Bishop of. Goulburn, in .ad- dressing the conference) had said that tho'Lord 'Bisbb \- of Kowcastle.hacL proved- to demonstration that con \- sensual compact .was nothing bettor than a ropo óf sand \- and that no argument had since been urgod that hac disproved it./ He (Captain Bolton), with -all reverend ? to tho Lord Bishop ot. Goulburn, thought:his .lordahij i had made a great mistake. It had already boon- dis t- proved, and if it i- had not been already diepo ved -ht \- (Captain Bolton) could disprove it, It had been sneer- ingly Btatod that thoy had no synod in tho dioceso ol ?Newcastle; but he,.l30Bged. omphatieally -to, say that \- tnsy had a synod in -Newcastle, and onenthat worked ' by-oonaoneual compact,; ona^that had already- eatab 'llahod an oxoeutivo committee to'doal with their : finance*, T He -, again -emphatically asserted ¡ that they hid . essentially :. a. diocesan, synod: in , JNewcastle. -But if it ware sot to be called a synod .until . it..'had;, .roceivod legal, sanction,,he1 .prophesied -that'.we should never bave a eynod for tho term, of our natural lives. (Hoar, hear.) Xot their law» bo proclaimed to tho .world, and invito roll who woro willing tö join them'or not, Or to worship with.tbam, without /jolniog tho synod 'if theyehose. Ho reserved his remarks cji tho Bishop of Goulburn to the last, M ohildren kept their sweetest pudding, tu the last, . The bishop said thoy , must havo ,law to koop disRsnsion.out of their church. Thoy mtut then, in order to keop thom from dissension, go wherc-?.-<to a polyglot Vtaéembly. ' If they would go to the Assembly, xor à law to .keep thom together; would thiy' not ho tho' lowost of,all religious communities in tho colony?. 'IC tho legislature were to go to' tho Boinan Oatholica,.4o Iho' Woeloyann, er to the Presbyterians, ' and to offer-to givo them » law to keep them from dissension,' would not the offor be resented .with indignation - that micht well-make tho members of tho Ohuroh of Eng- land blush. Then, as to Now 2oaland, ho had not been there, but ahless a considerable minority Of tho ordinary cburohnvea who bad Joined in the compact, had with- drawn, the statement modo : aa. to tho -failure of the eompaot, wae not truo. Thoro they had six bishops Wita the noble-mindod Selwyn at their kead, agreeing, to a consensual compact. If they had made a mistake, 'his lordship (tho Metropolitan) had Jone very wrong -not ta send them tho learned Chancellor (Mr. Gordon) -to guide them. But ho was informod that they had tVOry able legal advice in Kow Zealand. And-ho (Oap. -tain Bolton) must say that ho would attach moro im .portanco to tho opinion of six bishops than to-that of tho learned 'Chancellor,, much as.'he*!ostosmod him. Thon -the Lord ; Bishop said ho had a groat «bjeetion to compelling any clergyman to sign a com- pact. But they on bis ( Captain .Bolton's) .aide, .pro posed no compulsion. ' If any would 'not sign letinom abstain from it. Thoy advocated no bonds or fetter or Btar Chamber prooeodings. -Ko suoh thing would be tolerated by any community . ot Christians Ia tho .colony. Whon a member of .tho church signed the compact ' it would give the bishop as muehi .power over him, end à .little moro, than' the law of tho land. Again, his lordship (of Goul- burn), referred to two [letters by the Lord Bishop of " Newcastle, and said that only for those thoy might have, ?agreed. , D d ' one bishop censure another' for what lie said io hie own diocese, ta his own laity ? Those lettors '. they ' of tho diocoio of Nowoastle were very thankful for -, ; they had derived much instruction from ' thom j nod felt that tho subject had been treated in a open, candid, and ' fair mannert yet, because of these letters, the Bishop of. Goulburn'would not unite with them I Ho would eonolude-(the President : Hear, hoer)-in something; Uko tho words of a rovorend uontleman of the diocese of Sydney (Mr. Stack) that the qnoetion now was,tbls: -Aro you to have a synod or not? If they endea- voured to get a synod bill, lt waa tan- amount (o no synod. Thoy would wa fer get tho Legislature to rriako tnoir 'ohuroh nn established church. Mo epolOgiibd for trespassing BO long. (Cheers). .' 1 ." -'i'1 , ' " Tho Hov. II. On Am AN said he did not oondar with1 all the remarks of tho latt sneaker in reference to the > lcnrned Chanoellor ' (Mr. Gordon:. ; i Ho trusted ,thsy wore all notimted hy ono, feeling-a desire to adranoe tlivir . ohureh. They were not eppouonts, ? though .-. ,'i !.... 1." .i" AU " .;":'';. , ..?'! -.. v/o ,::>? they - differed in opinion. They ked or .ooniraoju>bjeofi,... Some malnUi«ed.Ifc.WM.noMfH»r ,to hare an Act to aanotlon th», eynod 5 othore .that : »wa» only nocosaary to have' am'Act-in reforenoe' l itemporalitlea, Ho might hoof that opinion htmrwl Ile thought it waa now in tito power of lit» lordabli tho Trestdont, to direct thom in a oourao that woul reconcile their views and onablothem all to act in unit; It-was in the power of his lordship to throw oH on tl : troubled waters. Thoro waro some words in his_ lon ¡ship's opening address which pointed to a solution 1 ! their differences ; when ho said ho would besitisilc 1 with any measure that gavo offoet to their constitution and added,*. it is of littlo moment whether thia ond ;B0cured by a synod bill or by » trust oct" (Hos hear.) . As his lordship hod not bound himself, it wi I now in his power to say whoiher thoy ßhonld go to tl Logislaturo for a synod bill, or seek legislation only i Ireforcuco to tho property of "the' church... Thc ¡had -como up from .their pariahes to do what they coil! ¡for their church. Nothing would ploase him moro and ho was willingto dk> for the'.welf are of the ohuri i--than to soo that thoy all arrived at ono opinion da I .-the -way-of conduotintr tho affaira of ' the ohuroh, ten |porarà;iy and spiritually. (Ohserai) 1 . Mr. A. STCABT ro-ochoód tho wishes of tho la ¡speaker. Ho hoped thoy would. orrivp.at unanimity t .opinion. He had arguer! that the lato synod billask'c for nothing moro than had boon granted toothers. Il did not rofor'lo.that bill. with any. desire to.thru that bill on tho conference.. Ile believed 'a b¡Il nalgi be framed that, would hurt the consciences, of non In rising to Oppose tho 'amendment now undor coi sidoration, :he repbate'd tho -question 'whether th amendment means anything,'or nothing? If aú; thing, whit did it mesa ? If nothing, why press it It 'appoarod to him to throw, them baot on" tho allege diffcronco botwoen Í' sanction " and 1 " recognition. Ho (Mr.- Stuart) saw no difference. The right, rovoro'n prelato - of Nowcastle. had said that if .they would di essociato the ohurch front proporty,-thoy would 'con to a truo conclusion aa to whether thoy needed legisli tlon.. He, (Mr. Stuart) admitted that if the. chura wofô-'without property there wtiald ho no need to logi lato'f or it. - But, the question before them waa what t do 'with a: church in * this material" world d lours. That prelate'eald thehlghest functions of tl i ohurch aro spiritual. No- oho would dony it.' ' (Hea jhear.)- Tho imperfection of man's state rendered ala' -necessary, and it waa only-wasting timé so to'0 there 1U1 the queation as to consider what they_coold do ' for1 1 »churoh- withont proportyr' " They "had 'gone; away" ? good deal from the question what "was to oe done. .'. I ' put it to.the.members of tho diocose of NowoaetU whetherrin contending for a difference between "Bani lion'1, and.'.' recognition** they did not import aqueatio foreign to thia discussion. Ho quoted tho documoat i which the conference of-'Newcastle -invited" thb'°otht diocesos-to' confer, among other things, "on wilt pointait would I bo'desirable or necessary to appl ¡for- legislative-sanction." That" was "tbe-charU on which the diocceo of Newcastle'-bad a right t eit.ln the conference. ''Whence did the'1 word ''rocogri j lion" come ? Ho fotirid the word first used in .oontri 'distinction to''eariotio'n, in ia-lotter by the Bishop c i Newcastle. After all there was'not that different I between'thom which som» of the f speakers seemed I I imagine. ?<". What -were they asked to (join in'? ? ? ] ! laimply "recognition," why go to tho'Legialnturo.at all ¡Ho could not -Understand gsing-to the Logislatu'ro fe ¡recognition, apart froai'sanotion. . If it was admittoi ' as Mr. Btaclt admitted-(hoar, hear)-that some legisli : jtion waa necessary, then what could they ? seek' frot ithe Legislature tb ut eanotion f To corae'to tho ' diocci ,of Nowcastlo, they proposed on Amended Ohuroh Ten poralities Act In the first clause it was proppsod thi . ;tlio privileges vestod in tho bishop, elerey, and laity b ; ¡former Acts 'should' bo vested in -tho synsds. - (Oh eora ¡That was a most binding clause. - Was it not in'effei ¿rivíng-exaatlyfho simo powers with -regard tb'all tl |temporalitio8, as tho bill to bo now proposed?-Theri foro agréât many remarks made as to their Backing I ¡hind and fetter'tho ohuroh j might have been aparei (Cheew.) It was a waate of worda : to say thi they wore asking one whit mord than the Ohurch Ton . poralities Amendment Act proposed by tho diocceo < Newcastle alked (bear, bear), as'far-as tboso temporal , ties were conosrnod... (Heir.'hoar, from tho other - sidi ' -The Bishop'of .Newcastle: That's the very point 1 Thoro waa not thou so. much difference aa som thought,. There waa a large amount of' their property as to,which they were agreed that it'wasrnxossary t , obtain from tba Legislature «»mo moat' binding onad ' menti ,-.(Hcar. hear.) . He draw attention to a moot abl i address by the 'Lord Bishop ot Na wcaatlo to his By not on confore'nee, oh tho 15th August, whon he said som degree of legislation is necessary, but that legislatio should bo as little as possible. But th Bishop asked, what is tho legislation roquirod Only to give,-' as far! as "possible, to tho church'lega control over thajwoportiea bold in. trust for ber banoal and to givo tho ohurch' authority tb declare who ebal and who shall not bo "placed'in'possessionóf thoso prc portios, and who, as unworthy, shall be, displaced fror tha otnoymoht'of't&em;/to have our'ohurch trusta om fur ohuroh discipline voated in -our ohurch eynod wit! powers of delegation. (Those woro tho words of th' Bishop of Newooatlo. Cheers.) T£ey bought i to ask for legal sanction far tlioir voluntary compact (Hear hear, by tho Metropolitan nud others.) Tho ?episcopo .ohurch in Scotland , recognised as a eynod' OBIT th« 'bishops and the clergy. Itocently a clergyman of Jha ohüroheonoidered "btmsëlf aggrieved by the roponl ol a canon of that ohurch. That church never bad lega! |aanolion. Tho ROT. Mr. Forbes, consideringbimsoll |aggrloy'ofl'by the'-repeal of ' a. r canon, brought at action. boforo the, Court', ,-bf Session ..against tho 1 bishops i rand clergy in- " eynod assembled.' Tho ablest ad voca tes-were employed. Thc ; argumentof the defendants was-Wo aa a eynod aro nol 'recognised by tho [stats' in any .wax ; and therefore thc plaintiff baa no standing. The .Court hold, that they ;oj>uld recognise the casó. If that,'body had bad from the LsgisTatuio some.iknotion for its meetings, that caso would novsr have como into ,tho Court of Session. . It'would have boon decided in,the Ohuroh Court. (Hcar,(hcar.) ; (i *. J ! . J ,' I Mr. C. CÀMPDÏIX said < tho honorable gentleman appoarod not to be aware that fivo or six Aota had been passed, recognising tho opisoopal church ct Scotland. _ j Mr. STUART continued : Tho case showed that if they had not in '¡this country legislativo eanotion, thoy would bi Hablo to be dragged ;in to the civil courts.: It had beon urged, that tue ayxtcm ba supported'! would be cumbrous in the extreme, compared with ¡tho ayatom based oa a voluntary compaot. .Eut it was forgotten that the- Amended Ohuroh Temporalities Act IWBB aa ?necessary in the ono case aa in the other. Itlhad boen .laid down that the :Presbyterian Ohuroh Aet touohed nothing but property,, If .eo, what waa the.moaning of the second alausa nf the Presbyterian Ohurch Act of 1805 ? whick said that 'any minister recognised by the General Assembly of tho Freakytorlan-Ohuroh of Now South Wales, should bo capable bf being a minister of any congregation of ' tho said church. What was thoro in that clause that ia tho romotaat degroo touched on property ? That Ohuroh Aot did, therefore, interfore with the spiritualities of tho church mere than any proposed Chnroh of Soiland'aymod'' bill. In working out their syaodiaal notion, tho Fros bytosiana -had found that- -tho temporalities'and spiritualities , of . the - ohuroh 1 wore ' : continually impinging, one upon another. ' The' disruption of 18-13 .was duo to the samo difficulty' of distinguishing tho tomporalltlca from-the apiritu-" alilies. They could not defino oloorly >botwc»n toropo ralltiesond spiritualities. The concluding words of the olause wan, " any declaration in any doed &ój to tho .contrary, notwithstanding." (Hear, bear.) ^hey'Iogla lated not only what should bo tho courso of tho trust, but what should bo tho spiritual qualifications of tho persona broughtintq poasossion of tho trusta, Yesterday evening he (Mr. Stuart) had eaid, in' ataawdr.to a,ques- tion of Mr. Stack, that the reverend gentleman had correctly reported .what ha (Mr: Stuart) hod Bftld :j hut' now ho did not-think what ho said went aofarae to tho total exclusion of pre-oxisting property. He believed. there .was Homo property, not expressly arranged, whioh could bo brought out undor tho control of the synod by the proposed bill. Ho agreed fully with the rovetoud gontloman, that tho sooner thoy had! a : eynod to deal with existing property tho bettor. (Theare.) Mr. DOCMB explained why be adopted tho words used by tho diocese of Newcastle in inviting tho other : dioceses to a general conferanoa. Tho Newcastle con- ference resolved themselves into n synod. This .oxpressod their boliof that they bad powers, 'without; legislativo,: sanotlon, - to do ' all' tho j work of a eynod. But be felt that it would be very, désirable . for the tbroo dlo oesos to moot in conference, so OB not to presont tbs speotacld of isolated action. Tot thoro wea no word of applying'to Ihe.Lrgislaturo for a sanction to their cori stiKtion. He (Mr. Dookor) propdsed the addition of .tho ivbrda " oh'what'points lt was neaossary or desirable ^0 o >talii'législatif 0 aahotiorl.'' They agreed to read tl|Ä bill a second tims, thus affirming tho prlboiple j but not 0 go Into committee. ' Tho objaot was to'túrdw oil pn;t)i« troubled, waterr, ,, ' '( I 1 i','-,-' *?.-?,',?.?. , ''",-.?' 'i ;(<Hr, BTUAUT.expresse i his oompleU-'aMlsfaeuon willi .tho explanation.given by Mr. Dookor. ." ,.Tho BOT. Canon GUILD also, skid that be was so satlsfled with that'explanation that he did not think il ' necessary to addroes tho conference, . Tho Hon. RODERT JOUKDON doslred to dieabuso tho , minda of como members ot an erroneous imprsssion - that Bomo wiehod to havo a legislative coercive measure, and others a synod by voluntary compact. But none desired a body wbioh should not be, in point of law, coorcivo. If thoy wore to have n governing body at all, it must be coorci vc. (Hear, hoar.) Apor son entering-into a compact binds himself ; and if ho seeks to .ovada bis agreement ho is exposed to the coercive power of a court of justice. Tho difference was thoy could not havo siioh s voluntary compact ia tho Church of England. They could not bind all the Offloc-bearerS in the Church of England; far lesa their successors.. Hence tko wisdom of (going to tho Legisla- ture toiput the seal to their öWn oomnaor,' which thoy could not ' put ou themselves, and so to make that .whloh thoy now agreed upon, binding on .thom for «vor; '" It ¡was 'a mere question-of how tho agroomont was to.be.made-binding; binding it must be made. If they applied to tho Logislaturo and tho' Legislature refused/ thoy ': would - bo ? tho only body iu tho community which 1 had appliod to tho Legislature!Tor./justice,- and' ' had been refusod. He must say the Logislaturo had boca semowhat maligned. (Hear, hoar.) He nover taw in cither branch of tho Logislaturo any desire to do injustice to tho Ohurch of .England. -How could it bo in a com- munity so permeated by- members of tho Church of England the claims Of'that churoh should be unjustly treated. Ho .could not avoid alluding to a courso of argumont which ho had heard to-day, that hdwover unanimous thoy might bein asking for a bul, it would bo.useless io. go to tho Legislature. Mnch of thejr difficulty was owing to a communication of tho learnod prelate who presided' 'over -tho -diocese . of Newcastle whidh,.if thoy-lost thiir application- to tho Legislature, would bo tho onlyj cause'ot their losing it. " Mr. H. A. TnbjxAs: Tho host'thing his lordship overdid. .- '.'"-.' * Mr. 'JOHNSON : iThV worst thing, his' lordship over did, j (Tho ¡Prosldoni : .Hear, hear.) . A'statemont'was put forward that by tho bill prepared by'"tho Sydney con f¿ronco they sought to obtain pre-'emiricneo ábo'vo other depomtaations for the Church bf England.VA lotter containing that statement by th'e'right reverend prolate 'was published not only in tho organ of the -churob,-bttt Intbe-Maltland Moreury,*to be readTiy the enomies of tho church. It seemed as if the Bishop of .Nowcasllo and those who took-tho same views,-think» .lng they would bo beaten in that, room, had taken a a atop whioh. would j elsowhoro frustrate all tho ¡efforts of tho conforoncr. (^o,. .no,., and cheore.).« They were -all sgrcod that- legislation they must have. There were somo spiritual matters of Ï';roatiimportance!that:alroady rosted on colonial legis atien.-At present" tho'biehops wbrft~placod ïna'posii tion of autocratic| govornmont which mest bo very dis- tasteful to theta. Somo legielalion must tako placo, not to.fottor.hut to free the ohurch. " Ano'.hor point -was in roferonceto ohurohWardonp, who under an-Aot, of tho Logislaturo had certain rights which tho synod could nottako away without an Act of tho Logialaturo. it might batheught.doeirabld to require some-spiritual qualifica- tion in churchwardens. With regard to tho'Newcastlo synod hebolievod 'the gentleman sent up to debido whe . thor thoy.should bo a" synod or not,-determined they . themselves were the synod. It reminded-hhn of some . persons .who-in tho tima of-tho Fronoh Revolution being! saut up toUho Government''to-rcmonstrato, mot and doolarod themsolves to be tho Government. (A laugh.) He (Mr. Johnson) felt that it rrasáoooasary to go to¡the Legislature Thejr were'nofr-met to form a' new !ehurch-like"-John Wesloy-but .topromote tho . extension of tho Church- of ^England, . -He must Bay that cruel injustice had boon done-to tho'learned gontlemaniwho discharged" tho funotions of Chancellor , of the diooeso of Sydney, j (Hear, hoar.) "Thero had been no trap to Uko them unawares. The'resolutions ; woro roady prepared and distributed,'that all might see ,: thom. ' rA consensual compact -or voluntary association i would be ineffectual. Ho would not' heeibate-a momoht ,- in.yoting for tho rotontion of tho words proposed- to be omitted. Do not lat thom'avoid obtaining-an effective . Act, without rankine one offert. .' . ' .? > Orí ' th» j motion of, ÎMf.; GORDOÎT, . tho conforonco : adjourned, at a quarter tb;8ix, until'oigbto'elqek. . . Tho;éonferénoe reassembled at eight O'clock; . '' .. Ron Mr. STACK roso ioaddróss; thë'çôqforênao, and to' complain of words that had f»lion from tho Honor- able Itobort Johnson; ; . » ??? .?«/; <;.. > i >,. > ? . t- ? ! Tho Bight ROT. CaurarAM said that as tho Key. ITr. 8tack .had spokon to tho amendment, > ho was ont of order in addressing tho ooriforonoa. again. ? . . ? . , The Rov. Mr.íJxAcax resumed his scat- !. _ Hr. Qonnon said that although ho Wis-cow about to ? apcak'agaiaet the:amendm'ohtr'ho!yct contonded for'the right of reply on tho' original'resolution.1','. But whilo ho contonded for that right bo should' endeavour, to say at presont: all ' he had got to'aaj'j so that he might not be called upon to roply. -Tho right Toverond prolate, tho \- Bishop of Nowcastlo, in his speech, said that ho (Mr. ; Gordon) had ['riferrod* to the various churchos in tho British colonice, but that ho had forgotten to inform tho conferenco that every ona of thoso churchos had got a synod; Now ho, had forgotten nothing of the sort ; nor bad. ba forgotten that the workings of those synods had not raised thoso ohurches a singlo degree above the Ohurch of England ¡IL Now- South Walos. .Indeed, be believod that ibo Ohuroh of England in Now South Walos would - boar very favourable ; comparison, with any other.colonial church' in. the world, both in respect to tho extension of ber workings and the ánflu-, «nco she held.. 1 Tho fact-was,- thai this church in, New . South .Walos, after a.grcat numbor of years, had pro- gressed quito as favoarably without synodical action, as tho other colonial churchos had dono with it. Ho .saw. no necessity for hasty conclusions' being i arrived' at.. They bad been íeuntod with' haying wasted fourteen.' years in sookiojr for legislative sanction' to eynodical action. Rsvareud.floutlomsn said that'thoso'in favour of logialativo eanotion had managed to'delude" the obn feroncoof 1858, and again' in, 18ßff; but that thoy had not boon able to deludo tho people out of doora. Ail ho had to say waa ithis, that, a moro compotent and loamed assemblage nevor met than tho conforonco of ?1858. And what waa tho report of tho soloot com-' .aaitteoon tho bill of-1658-? -Was tho bill of 1Ô58' blown to tho winda*'--aa bad boon'atated-by popular ' opinion? Tho report of tho eeleet «emmitteo spoke in tho h ¡ghost ' terms of . th» ? work' of - the conforonco. in 1853, and recommended it to tito consideration of Parliament. ' The same -remarks - applied equally to -the; report of th» - eoleofc . committee on the' bill ol 1885;' 'for nithoagh-that- committee didi not speak in -suolt . strong . terms? in' -favour' '. of tba bill, 'it aleo reooramendecT tho bill to the con- I eidaratiora of tho Parliament. - -The statement, there- ; fore, that both ' billa hove-beon «'-blotm to the winda" I by thoa« outside, was contrary to faot. Tho real truth I was, that it waa inaido opposition that 'had unset the I '.(Torta ot tboiwo conferences. Was it fair than that tho statement should go forth that the bills of 1858 and 16Ç5 had been blown to tho winde by popular opinion.' (Hear, hear.) Tho reverend member (afr. Slaok) had, inhis'epcoou, stated to tho confetenco that bo (afr." Gordon) hoid.admittod lhatthe Ohuroh of England in this colony was a voluntary association. Now he boggod to correct tho reverend mernbor: ho nevor madosuoh an admission', and' it 'waa very strange that tho'revorohd member, who ' bad reasónod 'ao olosoly should havo misconstrued what ha (Mr. ? Gordon) had «aid. What, ho. did.cay" was thia:-He waa, willing, for tho sako Of argument, tp ' assuma the' Ohuroh of England to bo a voluntary association. But whorl, for thojuiko of following out a lino of argument, he < assumed the ohurch in ? New South Waioa to be a voluntary body, lie muet not bo taken, to moke any I such admisBlon in fact, and it waa unfair that bia words ahould. .bo . BO mlBcouatruod. ...With., referenco. .to. the. words " eanotion" and " recognition" a groat deal had been Bqid.;New, "recognition*.' might moan vory. littlo or very much, but " eanotion" legally meant ", and bo it enaotod." and thereforo it could booaally concolved why tho words had boon made uso of intho rotolutlod.".Tho reverond . member (Mr. Stack) had objeoted to the answer which ba (Mr. Gordon) bad given to the ebal longo of tho Right Bovorond tho Bishop of Nowcnstlo. Tho right reverend prelate ohallnngod hlm'to allow that any of the Aote relating to tho Wealoyana and Prsaby. tatiana, contained any cooroivo tormo equal to. thoso .contained in Ibo sooond olauae of tho bill of. 1800. Now, he believed ho bad' satlafactorily proved to tho confo renee tho point upon which ho had been, obaljongod > but biaroply did not please the reverend, mernbor. (Mr. Staok), and he turned round and. eaid .,ho (Mr.' Gordon) bad shiftod tho question i the ohallcngo being that there wero not tho aamo worda, in tito Wealcyon and .Presbyterian Aota aa thora wore in tho aoooud clause of the.bill. Why, of coursa not. If tho sumo words had boen used, tho ruht reverond prolato »over would, have bein so Bliort-slghtód na' to make' the uhaltongo ho liad dpneV Ho (Ur. Gordon) had dealt with'tho substance «nil not with the word**.! (Hear, hear.) Tho laarnod Olmnovllor woo*, into a long description of the Wesleyan roeilol I ; .. . :,Y: ' j'/ , .. ? .": ? . . ' , - I. , .nd signed ib it bóth'tbe discipline à»d';dootrin of-tbat-church came into it« constitution, and tb» pro porty ot that church could in no way be dealt., wiil without tho practite, doctrinal ano dleotpllne of thi Wesleyan Oliaroh being made an1, element In ita die posai. All that was .wanted' wai to'toaako-tho property of the Church of, England subject . to tho samo condf tiona, and ho. could not soe why any opposition ,woi offorod to tho form of word» used in tue resolution If it woro the wish, of tho honorable nnd reverent: members, ' who opposed this resolution, ta doal wit! tho . temporalities of the church wi thou the introduction of tho consideration o tho practice, . discipline, . and. . doctrines o tlie church, thoy, would'find .that all their offorti would bo ? abortive. (Hoar, hear.) A groat deal hoi beon said about parochial organisation under, tho iota of consensual compact. Now,. supposing that by sorai moana tho clorgyman of tho pariah could organisa it bj ! getting tho trustees, churchwardens, and pew-holde'ri to sign the : consensual compact. Well, how mueli further would they havo got? Why in a month af tei thoro might bo twonty other mombers of tho churcb apply for Billings; nnd juot imagino their Jibing'tirol anltcd to sign something beforo they could obtain them. How could consensual compact thou bo-carried, outf IO rory mombor of tho church would havo n period right to sign, or refuse lo sign, anything to bind him. It was repugnant to tho minds of Englishmen to sign away their rights and,liberties, whiio they wore always ready to 'obey tho law. (Hear, hear.) A great'deal had.boon >said about the bill not being hbio to deal with churoh property provided, fer in tho, Chureh Temporalities Act, and which was disposed of by; any special trust. Now, he did not wish to deceivo,any- body on this point. He admitted that tho: bill would not at ones deal: with' church1; property .o diiposed of. , The ipoint had beert well' considercej and it was hold, by , thoio who. had .prepared tho bill, that it would 'ba unsdvisablo to' interfere with the pro- perty' referred to, for many reasona. In many parishes the oh'uroh'prdperty w»s so inextricably1 mixed up with parochial debt; and parochial. action, that, it.would b* impossible- nay|it. would bo unjust-to interfere with it ,'. But ¿a, years went on, and as synodical aotioa became1 moré "perfect;' all thb'proporty of tho church would iUUitne mergo into ono, and bo under tho control of ¡tho./synod.' Tho ! learned . Chancellor read long oxtraQts.from tho ovidencotaken before tho soleot.com. mittoe,.'showing, ns ho arguod, (hat any synod estab- lished .untlor consensual compact would bo worthless from tho fact-that it would -have no power to enforce ita'conatitùtions ; he read a judgmont delivered by. the la to ¿Ir., Jus tico Wiso in tho narnu of the full court, aa appeal from'a dooroo of the primary judgo confirming the decision ' of the Austral ian l'rosby lorian Synod in' -'the ° caso "of . Dr.:' Lang; ; the words he mdre resp'oaially , roforrod ¡ to . wero - these :-"The synod is,, i merely the- preaturo of, the legislature.'* . Now he would ask how it could bo asserted- after this . judgraout-that tho' Prosbyterian body in -Now South Walos Wns govorned by consensual1 compact ? And ho Í assortod that tho Wesloyan body was no more governed i by. consensual compaot tlianwas.the Prosbyteriana of i thorcolony, (Hoar, hear.) Ho regretted that it had I been assorted ee pertinaciously that "the , Church ,'of ; England, in getting tho bill of 1865 ¡pássod into law, . would be assuming a dominant-position in Now 'South » Wales,'f Now what was the eyidenco of hi« Honor Sir \- Alfred Stephen on this subjoct, before'the. seloet com r mittoe. of thi Legislativo .Council'?', In answer to"a i question bjrone of tho committee to this' effect :'-""Sup-; i pasing this bill should pass into law, would : it confor t any dominant power upon tho Church of England.*! ,. Sir Alfrod Stephen ea,id¿ " Not tho slightest. No auch > poworia sought fori and if anybody has' asserted, such a i thing it is falso-(cheers)-and if any person IS appro 3 honsivo that euch a power is sought for, it ia the Teaul t j eithor of the want of reflection, the preeonco af great 1 jealousy, or of Absoluto folly." (Hear, hear.) r Mr. THOMAS: Sir 'Alfred : Stephen ia not the 1 svnod. ? ? ' ' Mr. Qoan'ox ' said . that. these opinion! did, not' suit the viowsof tho honorable ' morabor. ' (Hear.) It was similar to a remark mado when tho opinions of tho Bishop ' of Tasmania had'been roforrod to. whon he spoko at' Oxford on synódical aotien in.the colonies. Somebody oriod out : ',' Ho' know 'nothing «bout it." Tho remark of' tho 'hoaorablo member was similar to this. ' The opinion' of Sir Alfred Stophen did not euit the honorable member. (Hear, bear.) Tho learned Chancellor concluded his spoeoh with tho earnest hope that the conference -would arrivo at a Conclusion that would bo for the good of tho obureh. Ho should Toto against tho nmondmcnt, ' , .Tho Bight Reverend OiiAntUAH then put the'amond-: ment moved by tho Lord Bishop of Nowcaetlo, which waa negatived on tho following.division: . ' 1 ?.' '? Ountox.1. ' ' ' -Por:'.... i...................!...'.. -ó* Agatnat................."7 ? ? ' ? 1 ? U '. . - : LAUT. ;..?." : '. . Tof../...i.1.. -a 1 "" ''Againat'.í....'.':'.'....;..'.'..'..'7,: , 1 Bisnore. . '.... '. ' ? ''For..;;;;.;;.].;.;.!..»...;.......;;,, x . r ". . .'?' ' 'Against .^.'..'.'.'.!....;..-..;..;. '2 ; ' ' Tlio amendment was therefore lost ' ? 1 Tb« OnAiBKAN' tbon 'nut . tho original resolution, which was carried on tho following division :.- " . v.n« .'T ! i :? ..i-..-.; .' Quunr.' ? For.;. 7 Against.'.. "3 . .?'-. LAI TV. ??? For.;.i..;.;..;..::.....;..;.;.; -0 Against. 3 ' ? ' Bi sn ora For........'.............;;.'..;. -2 Against.:. 1 Tho resolution having boen declarod carried, 1 The attnding ordere wero suspended in order that Mr. Gordon might move, without notice, tbo-following amended resolution,1 as tho fourth resolution standing in bia nomo:-" That this conference do now appoint asolcot committee, to be composed of the-.following members, vie.-:-The Lord Bishop of Goulburn, the Lord Bishepof Newcastle, 'Afr. Alexander Gordon, the. Honorable Sf r. Hocker, the Very Roverend tho'Doan of Sydney, tho Revorond Canon Ohild, and W. D. Camp- bell, JÍsq., for .tho purpose of drawing up a form of constitution for the good government of tho obureh in this colony, in conformity with the foregoing Tesalu tions.". ' The Bight Rev. CUTAIRKAK pnt tho resolution, which was carried unanimoualy. , -After somo. discussion, it was agreed that tho con- ference ahould adjourn- until 7 o'olook: this(WednoBday) evening in. order to allow the committee timo1 to por form their labours. . .? . '? ? ' - 1 .1 The ' business > was -brought - to a cloe«1 at twenty minutes to llo'olook, and after the apofltollcal benedic- tion, vtho ooufcrenoo separated.' 