TEE NEWS OF TEE DAY. The Legislative Canncil sat from fonr p.m. to ten minutes to ten, yesterday, with the exception of an hour's interval for refreshment, and it may be confidently stated that the hon. gentlemen never displayed e more determined spirit of obstrnctiveness. Nevertiu-lcES, a considerable amount of business was got through somehow. Iteports were brought up from the committees on the nncollected cuatoma duties, tho Immigration Act, No. 175, and the uonsiuuuon .act, mi oi wuicn win ue louna ai length in another column. The Rights of Inventors Protection Bill, the Transfer of Beal Estates Bill, and Insolvency Statnte Amendment Bill were passed) the two former with and the latter without amendment, and the Public Health Law Amendment Bill. was advanced a stage in committee, Tho hon. gentlemen, however, led on by Messrs Fellows and Strachan, positively refused to go into committeo on the Appropriation Bill, the only motive for- the refusal being avowedly : an intention to compel payment of the judg ments . in tho ' soft goods actions. Indeed, it was by a mere accident, and tho casting vote of tho President, that- the ? progress of the measure was not stopped nntil Tuesday next. , The committal now stands on order of the day for to day. . ' ' - A commnnication was read in tho Assembly, yesterday, from Sir. Charles Darling, in reply to tho address of the Legislative: Assembly, adopted on the motion of Mr Balfour, on the 8th inst. From an advertisement in another column we observe that the members of the university are re quested to assemble in academic dress, at the Exhibition Building, on the occasion of 'his Excel lency's levee, at half -past one o'olock to-morrox. It is notified, in last night's Government. G-.:-. ;ttet that Thnrsday, the 2-lth inst., beiag the anniver sary of her Majesty's birthcl -.y, will be observed as a holiday at the public offices. The Assembly sat until hulf-past ten last night - but tne greater pare oi me time was occupied in a long and profitless discussion on the cssa of Mr Alley, late warden ftt Wopd'i Poinf.. A motion to inquire into the matter, was negatived- without a division. ????'. ???? ?????? /?-: In the Assembly, last night, Mr Lnngton again bronght np a question. which he had asked on the previous evening, as to Mr M. L. King's liability as security for some of the bonds given by Chinese merchants for the remitted duties. Mr Levi had challenged the hon. member's vote on the question, as that of an interested party, and Mr Langton argued that nnless tho liability ho referred to had been given np by the Government, Mr King really was bo interested. The reply of Mr Francis was very brief, but very much ta the purpose — not Mr Langton's. Ha pointed out that- if Mr King was interested, be had, on the occasion in question, voted against his interest, as he had supported the amendment of Mr Vale, which waa to order the en forcing of the bonds. MrVe'r3on mide a long statement in the Assembly, last night, explaining the reasons ? of his visit to England, and the duties which he considered would devolve upon him. H-a assure J the House that, if be west, it would .be to represent the interests of the colony, and' not those of any party. The re commendation of a committee of the Assembly, that a member of the Government should proceed to England to discuss with the Imperial authorities the subject of the colonial defences, had been cor dially approved of by both branches of the Legislature; and he had been mentioned st tho time as thu proper person to undertake the task. Ho said that he would not now do eo, if, not a majority, but a considerable section of the House, expressed any distrust of his acting imi»artially. Mr Verdon pointed out that there were sereral matters besides the defences which would require the attention of any one who went to England to represent the Governmsnt of the colony. Among these were the questions of the Mint, of emigration, of tho oontinHance of the marine survey, of the permanent representation of Victoria in Eng land, and of taking preparatory steps for raising, in a year or two's .time, loans for the extension of rail ways and waterworks. Daritig a recent visit to Melbourne the chairman of the Maryborough mining board brought under Mr Sullivan's notice that clause in the Mining Statato which requires oandidateB for the mining boards to reside in the division for which they seek to be elected, pointing out to him that thi3 condition was too restrictive, aud sug gesting that it should bo avoided by the insertion of the word ' district' instead of 'division.' Mr Sullivan replied that ho could not find out how the word division got into the statute, as he never in tended that it should bo found there ; but the statute had been so bandied about from the Assem bly to tho Council that several provisions crept in which had no right to be inserted. He intended next session to introduce a short bill to alter that and other errors which had found their way into the Government measure. Mr A. K. Smith was, yesterday, elected a mem ber of tho city council, in tho room of tho late Mr W. L. Kelly. There was no opposition. A most frightful accident is recorded as follows, by Monday's M. and D, Advertiser :— ' The legs of a man, with boots oo, wero yesterday found be tween Avoca and Amphitheatre, under a tree. The trunk, head, and upper portions wero completely consumed by fire. Senior constable Larkin rode intn Avoca vesterdav. shortly after mid-day, to give the information. There is, so far as wo can learn, no conjecture as to who the unfortunate may have been ; but, no doubt, further inquiry will bring tho facts to light. It is supposed deceased had lit a firo and, while tinder the influence of drink and stupidity, had been burnt to death.' At the city polico court, yesterday^ Henry Thompson and George Lewia were each accused of stealing a pair of trousers, valued at 8j, the pro perty of Mr A. G. Hodson, 13 Lonsdale-street east. The former prisoner, who i3 an old offender, was sentenced to three months', and tho latter to two months' imprisonment. Mary Sharman, alias Hart, charged with stealing a piece of carpeting, valued at IGa, belonging to Mr Cornell, of Madeline-street, was sent to gaol for three days. His Worship the Mayor, at the city police court, yesterday, gave instructions to the police to take proceedings against all persons exposing goods for sale outside their shops. The bench consider that such practices are calculated to induce poor persons to Bteal, and they, therefore, are determined to suppress them. ' . The Crown case against Dr. Bsanoy has at length concluded. The evidence of Dr. Tracy and Pro fessor Halford was taken yesterday, in corrobora tion of that of Drs. Pugh and Budall. To-day, the defence will bo commenced by Mr Dawson. The following medical witnesses will bo called by him: — urs. xurnumi, uuiuee, Stewart, urooKe, ingg, (lato assistant to Sir James Simpson), Curtis, Haigh, Girdlcstono, Ileeves, and others. If these witnesses Uko as long to examine as those fur. the Crown, the case can hardly be expected to finish this week. ? . . Typhus fever, says tho M. A. Mail; ' does not seem to be-on the decrease in the district. , Yester? day, a Dane, suffering from this terrible complaint, was admitted into tho district hospital.' . ? : The name of John Williams has long been held sacred as a synonym for all that is great and noble in missionary enterprise. The ship ? bearing his name and devoted to tho cause for which he lived and died is now in these waters, and an opportunity will be afforded during her brief stny for the friends of missions to pay her a visit. We understand that to-day and to- morrow are to be specially set apart to allow the children and teachers of the various Sunday schools of tho city and suburban districts the pleasure of inspecting the vessel, and that every facility will be afforded by the. United Bail way Com pany, at whose pier the vessel is moored, both by cheap fares and otherwise, to enable the children and their teachers to enjoy the treat. A cricket match will bo played on tho Queen'a birthday, between eleven of the South Melbourne Club and eighteen. Foresters selected frbih : thu vat ious courts. Wickets to bo pitched at tea a.m. Tho South Melbourne team will be chosen from Messrs Dinby, ,Gray,- Lennie, Croul, - O'Began Heather, Hunter, Williams, Fishlcy! M'KUlop, Bunting, Wheatley and Lampard;. and, the Fores ters will be represented by George' Marshall,' Carne, Kennedy, Coiflo, Greenej Raymond, Shack lock; Fry, Blue, Maxwell, Terry, Parker,, Walters, Lightfpot and Terring. . . ' .:. An ordinary, meeting of the city council took place yesterdayaftenioon ; the mayor presiding. On the motion of- Aid. Wragge, seconded by Aid. Cohen, the council unanimously adopted tho draft of an address to his Excellency Sir Charles Henry Darling, K.C.B. ; and it was also decided that an address of condolence should be presented to the widow oi tne late m.r vv. _. Jieny, councillor for Latrobe ward. Cr. Al'Pherson called the attention of the council to the fact that a large quantity of damaged flour had been recently sold at :a very low rate. The matter was referred to Uio health com mittee. A petition, which had 'been presented to the legislative Council, praying' that those clauses of the Pablie Health Laws Consolidation Act re lating to the prevention of .the pollution of the Biver Yarra,. which had been, struck out of tho bill in; the Assembly, may be re-inserted; or that the bill may not pass into law, was adopted, and the council then adjourned. '..';'; .?' : ' ; ^ ;- ;? At the East Collingwdoa police pourt, yesterday, the sitting magistrates were 'Messrs ;Wm. 'Temple-1 ton, Cope, and Wm. Thomas. At the instance 'of the bdrougk inspector, Edward Duffy1 was fined 2a Cd, with 23 6d costs, -for allowing a. goat .to won* der ; and Charles Smith andjWilliam Worth were each fiued 5s, with'Gi costs, for 'haying unregis tered dogs. Thomas .-Dennis, was; committed1 to tako his trial on the 1st proximo, for stabbiBg Patrick Connor, vrith intent to commit . grievous bodily^ harm. Timothy Matipney was sent to pri son for ii month for disobeying, an order of the court. John Prince, charged with stealing Bhoep skins, the property of E. Bow and Co., was dis charged. -Two uegleoted children, named Frances J. Fox, eight yearB of age, and1 Ambrose Fox, four years of age, were ' sent to the industrial school for seven years. . , ? We have our files from Sydney to the 19th inBt The news, however, is unimportant. The Wander iog Reporter of the Sydney Morning Herald, writir g fromBarraba, dated 18th May, says:— 'The country is in so -miserable a, stata that I have been thtee days getting thus far. Since leaving tho Rocky River, my unfortunate horse has not had & bit to eat beyond the few raouthfuls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the stations and stopping- places everything is perfectly bare, and ao hay or corn to be had ; so that to keep life in. my poor, animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any placa on the raogos where, there was. any — not feed, for that there is not — but the slightest suspicion of there being the ghost of a Hide of dried np grass. This is the first place I have reached where hay is ob tainable, and I am stopping to-day to get roy horse a tncker, as I am told there are the same prospects of starvation for him atBingcra. The whole country is an immense waste ; oattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone through a very eevera winter. Should any bad weather set in you will hoar of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this — the Liverpool Plains— and in the New England dis tricts. All tho rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vegetable matter it holds in solution from the chick weed that covers it. Children, and even grown people, are suffering from dysentery, owiDg to the use of the water.' Early yesterday morning, tho persons in the passage of the General Post Office, waiting to re ceive their letters, were suddenly alarmed by the report of a pistol. On turning to the spot from whence tho sound proceeded, it was found that a man had deliberately and determinedly committed suicide by blowing his brains out. Assistance was at once procured, and ho was removed to the hospital, but life was extinct. In nuiries were at once instituted, and it appears that shortly before committing the rash act, the deceased had asked at one of tho application windows for a letter addressed to George Quick, and on being informed that there was not one, he walked to the end of the passage, and taking a pistol from his pocket, placed the muzzle of it at his right temple aud fired, entirely blowing off his skull. Xj Later in the day two young men, who stated they were the sons of the deceased, identi fied the bedy as that of George Qaick, bottle gatherer, of No. 8 Little Pelham-street, Carlton. That the deceased had intended destroying himself there can be no doubt, as, previous to visiting the Post Office, he had purchased some caps, powder and shot, at Mr Perry's, gunmaker, Bourko-street. An icquest will be held to-day. Two men, named John M'Mahon, cab-owner, and Alexander Henderson, oab-driver, were, yester day ovening, arrested by Detective Black for furious driving. At about seveu o'clook the two men were in a car proceeding down Bourke-street ot a furious paoe, and, when opposite the Theatre Koyal, ran over a girl named Sophia Neil, who was cross ing the road at the time with her mother. The horse kicked the girl in tho face and broke her nose, and the wheel oi the car passed over her body. Tho men, without taking any notice of the girl, continued galloping down the street, and Datcctivo Black, who happened to be present at the time, jumped into another car, and, after a most exciting chase, suc ceeded in overtaking them, and af tor war da locked them up. On the Qaaen's birthday there will be a military concert and gymnastic entertainment at St. George's Hall, the proceeds to be devoted to tho building fnnd of the Metropolitan R. V. V. Artillery orderly room. Mr Candler held an inquest, yesterday, at the Melbourne Gaol, upon the body ot Alfred Arm strong, aged thirty years. Tho deceased was re ceived into the gaol on the 19th inst., and remanded for seven days on a charge of lunacy. He died on the medical evidence, returned a verdiot of death from apoplexy. The members of the Melbourne Press gave their last performance in the provinces, in aid of the Brooke memorial, at the Theatre Royal, Bal laarat, on Monday evening, when they again met with the same success' which attended them else where. - The programme, as before, consisted of ' London Assurance' and ' Grimshaw,' in the former of which the amateurs were ably assisted by Mrs Walter Hill, who sustained the character of Lady Oay Spanker, and Mrs Holloway, who ap-. peared as Grace Harkaway. In the farce, Mrs Smith acted with great spirit tho part of Emily. The suocess of the performance was in a great measure due to the members of the Ballaarat com pany, who rendered every assistance to the press men, and who in -a most graceful manner acknowledged the efforts of the amateurs to per petuate the memory of G. V. Brooke. ?'' At the Williamstown police conrt, yestarday,' William Hamilton,. Robert Watt and Froderick Rogers, seamen belonging to the ship Chelsea, were brought up charged with embezzling some of the cargo, but wore remanded until Friday. James Danaher, charged with lunacy, was sent to Mel bourne for medical treatment. G. F. Smith, town clerk, sued Henry M'Kionon for £± 7s 6d,- arrears of rates, which was ordered to be paid with 5a costs. Upon tho application of Mr Pentland, a warrant of eviction was ordered to issue agaiast Martin Cant well for recovery of the promises known as tlio Royal Hotel. Messrs Cull and Courtia were on the bench. ; ? . . - . . . The Cnstlemaine Daily News says : — ' The soa son is truly a marvellous one, and evidence of the fact may be seen every day. On Saturday, rasp berries, ripe, red,' rich raspberries, were brought ' into Castlemaine from a garden a mile or two away. On the vines, some of them clustered. with the ma ture fruit of the season ' just past, may be seen a second growth that promises to be by - no means valueless. In some of our gardens the perfume of the orange flowers is pleasantly perceptible, whilst the .parterres are gay with many colored children of summer. Roses ,are in perfection, and the violot is almost as plentiful and quite as sweet aa when in England. May is pleasant, and warm as were the May dnyB the poets tell of. A thousand, orchids coyer tho hill sides, and tho wild flowers generally are, struggling -into bloom. More profitably and more pleasantly still, the early sown barley, is making good headway, and promises abundant crop?. Alto gether the season is most pleaaant, and only wants on occasional rainfall to make, it all that could be desired.' . Tuesday's Kyneton Observer remarks : — ' The subject of dummyism was casually mentioned at tho sitting of the land commission, yesterday, conse quent- on. some person appearing by proxy. Mr EodgkinBon, however, at once remarked that it, was very little use persons attempting to hold the land by any such raancoavres as the 'employment of dam-: mies, as the board were determined in every 'ease to cancel the license where the letter and spirit of the law.wasnot oomplie,d with/' .-, . ; . ! , ; -, ,. A deputation from the borough councils of Rich mond, Hawthorn, Kow, ' and '? Boroondara,' cpn Bisting of sixteen members, and introduced,, by the honi MrPettett, M.L.Cr, and Mr O'Grady, M.L.A., two of the ..representatives ? of , the district in Parliament, waited on the. hon. the' Minister of Mines, at the office of the Roads Did Bridges department, yesterdey afternoon. Mr Bosisto, the mayor of Richmond, explained that the object of the.interview was to bring under the Minister's notice some facts in connection with tie Hawthorn- bridge. ? The approaches' to Hat structure were in a bed condition Dt the l*ao of the paeBiEg of the Local Government Aot, *nd had since become worse. There was some di$erenee:of opinion as to where tho money for the necessary re pairs should come from. It was said by some that RicL - mond should maintain its portion aiii Hawthorn its portion, but the Richmond people maintained that the outlay ehonJdbe made a primary charge on. the toll funds, and that the balance of those funds shonld then be distributed ia certain proportions formerly decided upon. Mr O'Grady, on tho part of the Hawthorn people, pointed out that such a course of procedure would swallow up the whole of their share of the. toll funds, and leave them nothing for the repair of the roade. Mr P. Johnson called »: ,? :-;.''': r ?'.:.'. -'.' . : ,':.'; -.:!T j .?..--: ,-??.,-- attention to the fact that it was doubtful whether either Richmond or Hawthorn was bound to maintain the approaches to the bridge, as the banks of the river, cot the cen're of it, constituted the boundaries of the rcspsctive boroughs. If the bridge were carried away by a flood, what would become of the toll?. On behalf of the people of Kew, it was stated that they were opposed to the repairs being made a primary charge. Mr Steavenson read a legal opinion of Mr Fellows, to the effect that the two boroughs which were con nected with the bridge were alone liable, and that the liability of each extended to the centre of the river. Mr Steavcnson also observed that the abutments of the bridge werg clearly each within the boundaries of one of the boronghs ; and that, as regarded the connecting roadway, there was no chance of its being carried away, as suggested, by a flood. No such irjjnry was possible, unless (he abutments were first carried off. Mr Batter, surveyor to the Richmond council, said that the bridgo was in a very bad state at pro sent. It reqiired new ' deck ' planking, which would cost £255 ; forty-fivo yards of conorete added to the abutments, at en estimated cost of £25 ; snd: on tho approaches nn expenditure of £154; or, to make a good job, £450 in all. Mr O'Grady stated that the Richmond council had received a largo sum on account of tho bridge, which had been ex pended on tho roads and streets of tho boroagb. Mr Steavenson said that a considerable time since it bad been state;! that a portion oi tho money given io the Richmond council on ccoonnt of the bridgo bad been expended npon certain streets leading to the quarries. The Rich mond council had been asked to produce vouchers as to tho mode of expenditure of the money, bntbzd declined to furnish them. Mr Bosisto said that at tho timo referred to tho bridgo was entirely in tho hands of the Richmond council, and had any acci dent happened to it the council would have bad to make good the damage. Mr Lawes opposed, on behalf of the Hawthorn people, any redistribntien of tho toll fnnd. They maintained that Richmond should take its share of tho fund, and also of nil existing legal liabilities, and Hawthorn waspreparffi to do the same. Tho Richmond people received 25 per cent, of the entire toll fund, and-had to main tain Lut ono and a quirtor mile of road, whereas Hawthorn bad to maintain throe and a half miles of road andracoived bntCa 8d for each 03 received by Richmond. Mr Barter explained that though Richmond had a less extent of main road to main tain than Hawthorn, it had a larger area ol metalled surface to keep in order. The Minister ultimately reserved his deoision for further infor mation. Lost night's Ballaarat Post says : — ' A serious accident happened this morning to Mr George Robortson, carpenter and contractor for additions now being made to Ir win's Prsvinoial Hotel, Lydiard street. Robertson was upon a scaffolding at his work, when his support suddenly gave way, and he was preoipitatod to the ground, a distanoo of about twenty-two feat. By the fall ho received a compound fracture of the loft leg, immediately above the ankle. Dr. Embling was at once in attendance, and having attended to the binding up of the poor fellow's leg,, superintended his removal to the hospital. It ia neoessary to add that the soaffolding having been erected by Roberttson, none others are to blame for the acoident.'- ' A public meeting was hold in Chalmers' C'.\urch, Eastern-bill, last evening, in connection with the London Missionary Society. Addresses were de livered by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, J. C. M'Michaol, and J. P. Sunderland, and by tho Rsvs. A. T. Saville, J. Chalmers, Davios, W. J. Watson, and A. Miohie, who are about to leave for the South Sea Islands in the missionary cause. The meeting, waa also addreBsaod by Captain John Williams, tho master of the ship of that name. There was a very good attendance, and the sum of £23 18s W v? as collected . ? ____ 