I LOCAL NEWS. DR. WOOLLEY'S LECTURES -The lamented death of Dr Woolley in the steamer London has given an addi- tional interest to bis literary labours It is stated that a oonsignment of his Australian leotureB, published by Macmillan and Co , has just been reoeived in Sydney, and will be sold for the benefit of the memorial fund lhe aeries includes the inangural address delivered to the members of the Maitland School of Arts HUNTER RIVER AamcoLToaAi. AND HORTICULTURAL \SSOCIATION -Pho adjourned special meeting ot the oomtuitteoof this association was held on luesiay aftei noon. at the Northumberland Hotel. Present Messrs J Wyndham (in the chair), F M. Doyle, G J Cobb, J F Doyle, W Gibb, J R Nowlan, G Lobsey, and R Scobie lhe appointment of judges was completed, and tho secretary roported that he hadappliod to the manager of the railway to ron extra trains, and oarry exhibits free on the show diys It was also announced that the two steam navigation oompanies had oonsented to carry exhibits to and from Sydney, freo of obargo Stewards were appointed to arrange the exhibits and to see to tho fitting up of the yards and booth It was resolved that the wines to be exhibited should be forwarded at once to the committee at the Northumberland Hotel nud it was further agreed that only two publicans' booths, besides the grand-stand booth, should be allowed on the grounds The meeting then adjourned until Monday next PBKSDTTERT OF TFJB HUNTER -A meeting of this rev court waB held on Wednesday, the 28 li ult., in the Presbyterian Churoh, East Maitland Present-Rev W Purves, moderator, Revi Messrs Coutts, White Bain Laing, and Mc Kenzie, and Mr D Dickson (elder) Reports from llie various deputations were made hythe ministers present, and tbey were considered very satisfno toiy. The Rev Mr Boag «as appointed to laboin for ii period of six months from the 21st February in the Hinton district I ha Rev Mr Laing roported upon his reoe it visit to tho Manning River, and was awarded the thank» of the Presbytery for 1 ia report The overtures sent down to the presbytery by the general assembly than formed the »uhjiot ot coiversation, and it was te solved to take them into consideration at the next meoMug of tho prosbytery. After the transaction of *omo formal business, the meeting adjourned until 30th of May next MAITLAND BOILDINO SociKTT -The monthly meoting of the Maitland Building Snoiotj, tor the reeeipt of sub soiiptionB and tho rédemption money, was held at Mr Hillcoat's on Tues 'ay evening Messrs Owen and Wolstenholme were tho receiving directors Hie amount paid in was £2 (8,1 bi 3d. Mr J D Langley waa r ominatcd as a direotor, and Mr M Marks as an auditor ot the Booiety HBST MAITLAIP MUNICIPAL OOUNOIL-The usual reekly meeting of this body was hold yesterday afternoon, at the faobool ot Arts lhe principal bunness done wai the passing of a resolution agreeing to take Mr Adams s premises, in Devonshire street (formerly the Royal Arch Arms) as oounoil ohambers, at a rent of £50 ayeir Kio place to be taken tor six months only in the first ínstanos The other biismossdone waschitfli ofalormal oh trader, and we hold over our report of the meeting until uext issue THE. WILLIAMS ELECTORATE -Mr A H Jaoob ia, at present the only oandidate fully in the field for the WilliamB electorate, but wo understand that u requisition to Mr J P Abbott is m course of signature, and a Dungog correspondent gives tho names of Messrs Robertson, Burdekin, and J R Nowlan, of Eelah, as hiving been mentioned in connection with the coming election The nomination is fixed for the 14th, and the polling (should there be a poll) for the 19th instant I MORPETH WESLBYAN SUNDAT SCHOOL PICNIC - I ho oluldren attending the Morpeth Wesley an Sunday hohool, accompanied by their teachers, parents, and a number of friends, enjoyed the Faster Monday holiday by a trip up the Williams River, and a ploma at King's Cave lhere wero nearly three hundred persons on board tbo Drogher, which nonveyei the juveniles and their friends to the scene of their pleasure Ihey passod the day joyously and h ippily, and left the picnic ground in time te roach then homes shortly after diiBk THE HOWSON FAMILY-It will be seen by our adver- tising oolumns, that the Howson family will give u oona rt at Singleton, to night,and another m Maitland te morrow night WHITE TARTARIAN OATS IN TASMANIA -At thoBtores of Mr A Harrap, Whari, there ia a splendid sample of the above oats to be seen grown by A J Horne ltsq Palmerston , the stnlk being rather more than BIX feet in height, and yielding an a%eraga of C2 bushels to tho nore, oleaned and bagged. The crop consists of about 40 aores -J . Examiner, March 24 MBLBOÜRNB EXHIBITION OF GRAIN, Ac-The Argus of the 29th March says - 'The National Exlibilion of Grim, &o; , held yesterday under the nuspioos of tho Board of Agriculture was superior to any display of a similar kind ever held in Melbourne, both as regards the quantity and quality of the chief exhibits The show of grain was exceedingly fine, and attraoted great atten- tion The three best samples of wheat wero grown at Borwiok, & dmtriot whioh singnlarly enough has never beon m a position to compete willi other wheat-produo nig Districts until the arrival of an exceptionally dry season Hie first prize wheat weighed 66J lbs to the bushel, the seoond and third C7-) lbs eoofa The samples of South Australian wheat, whioh rooeived the first and seoond prizes at the recent Adelaide show, were not con- sidered worthy of a Bimilar recognition here Next lo the grain, the exhibits of colonial wine exoilo 1 most in- terest Ihe largo numbor of twenty two entries were ni ide, in which the ilistriols of Geelong, Castlemaine, and Melbourne wore principally represented ihojtijgos drew np a very favourable report whioh was amply sus- tained by the verdiots of all who after war Is inspeoled the wines 1 ho judges pronounced tho samples generally to be a considerable improvement on those submitted for their examination m previous years and while they uni ositalingly awarded the first prizo for red wine to F A Moody and Co, they intimated that the shados of distinction between the other samples wero exceedingly fine ' NATURAL OBRIOSIIIKB -lhe Barling Bourns Gazelle gives the following instance of a "freak of nature ' - A. gentleman who has lately arrived from Mew Santh Wales informs us that bo saw on Mr Arthur Ooborofl's station, Oombaldo, Big Uiver tvin male lambs whioh were entirely black, with the exoeption ot their tails and forehead, whiah were white In addition to the peculiarity of their appearanoe, it is remarkable that the parent animals are whito, and that ti ere is not a black sheep on Mr Cobcroft,'« station Another lamb was dropped this season whioh was born with only three legs These lambs bave been reared aa pets, and aro nil strong and healthy " SPORTING -Races at the Blaok Horse Inn, Fast Mait- land, on .Faster Monday The attendance was good, numbering seven or eight hundred persons The raoing was very good The first raoe (£4) was won by Mr Michael Muions' mare Bee Seoond raoe, of £3, was won by Mr. Milieus' bay cob, against Mr J. Arken's grey mare Third race, of £2, was won by Mr. J Moore's blaok horse, »gainst five others, fourth race, for a beautiful colonial bridle was won by Mr M'Pherson's bay pony, against fivo other pomes Kaoing waa not over by darknoss coming on Credit ia due to Mr Wm Miles for the manner in whioh tboraoes wore got up- Corres, pondent SUDDEN DEATH. -On Tuesday morning Mrs. Sarah Fitch, an aged woman, who resided in Elgin-street, died very suddenly. An inquest touching her death was held by Mr. Thomson the same morning, and from the evi- dence of the deceased's servant girl it appeared that on Monday night Mrs. Fitch was very excited in consequence of abuse heaped upon her by two other women. She went to bed about half past nine o'clock, and rose on Tuesday morning at six apparently in her usual health. After dressing herself and doing a little house work, she called to the girl to come to her. The girl found her sitting on the floor, frothing at the mouth and almost immediately she fell backwards. Mrs. Levick (a neigh- bour) was called in, and at her suggestion the girl went for some brandy. They could not get Mrs. Fitch to swallow any of it, and soon after it was brought she died. Dr Harpur gave his opinion, from the history of the case, and the appearance of the body, that apoplexy was the cause of death, and the jury gave a verdict in accordance with that opinion. The deceased was sixty years of age. DHEATH OF THE RACE IIORSE SAMSON. -On Thursday afternoon (says the <7oul6urn Herald) this noted old raoer died at Lansdowne He was in good oondition and quite well up to within about four hours of his death, when he was seized with convulsions and seemed te be come mad He had won a very great nnniber of raoes in his day We behevo he was first brought out by Mr M'Gowan in the Hunter district He afterwards passed into the hands of Mr Fawcett, with whom he won very large sums and who first brought him to Goulburn. On Mr rawoelt's death he passed through a variety ol hands, amongst them Mossirs Keighran teeney and Darby, who raced bim sometimes in their own names and some times in lhe names of otl ers, both in this colony and in Melbourne At length Mr Darby sold him to the Messrs M'Ahster, and he continued in tho possession of Mr J C M' llutor, op to the time of his death His last appearance in a race was at the Goulburn raoes m 1SG4 when he ran a good seoond to Boioo Ho was about 17 or l8 years old LAROS IMPORTATIONS OF FLOOR AND GRAIN -The arrivals in Bydney harbour on Hatnrday moluded the Leonidas, from the Weat Coast with 6300 bags of flour the Gauntlet, from San hranoisoo, with 5918 quarter sanka and 1868 half saoks of flour, 8932 sacks ot wheat, and 1091 saoks of oats the Sea Star, from San Fran oisoo, with 60 tons of wheat and 700 lons flour, and the William Melhuish, from London, with a oargo of gene ral merchandise -The arrivals on Sunday wore the Louise from San Francuoo wi h 73GG bags ol wheat 7371 bags of oats, and 2G8G bags of barley, the A W Wille from Tome, with 1000 toni of wheat and 400 tons of flour, and the Birkby, from Liverpool, with a cargo of general merchandise -S M Herald, April 2 CUARGK OF "-TSALIVO -At the Ea«t Maitland police court, on Tuesday, H bvans O'Learv appeared, on ro mand ftom Melbourne, to answer a clnrgo preferrel b\ George Lovelock, of stealing two boxes of wearing np parel, the property of complainant and valued at £10 Mr Wallaco appeared for tho defendant Complainant stated that on the 15th of February his wife and two ohildron wero staying m apartments in Castlereagh street, Sydney, and a week previous to that date defend- ant was a lodger in the same house Tour days proviou« (o tho lilli oouipiaiuaut changed his qtiartora to lier ney's, in Pitt-streot, leaving his wife and ohildron at the other lodgings lie visited his wife ever) day and eici - nig, but on tho 16th ot Maiob, from lnfoimation received, ho wont to his wife's lodgings, and found she had loft, taking tho "ohildron with her He heard sha lind gono with the defendant two boxos of woaring npparel were also gone Ho advertised for the cabman who diove them ana), und after somo timo learnt the dueotion tbo> hal taken On the 25th of Tobruary he arm el in Maitland He pursued his enquiues, and ascertained that aflor staying a few days at tho Hunter Rivor Hold tho par- ties he sought had left by train, sa) ing they wero going to sea by the Blaok bl rd A worrant against O'Lcnr) for stealing the two boxes of npparel was obtained, nnd upon it be wa» «rrosted in Melbourne, and admitted to boil to appear at last Mubliind police court, as he had done From the ovidenoo of Mr. Gianey it appeared that on the 15th defendant engaged »p&rtmentB; at his hotel, alleging that they wero for himself, his wile, and two ohildren. He wont away by the afternoon train, and returned by tho mtd-dai tinin on tho following da), accompanied b) a woman and two children Defendant and the woman ocoupied the same sleeping room whilst the) remained at the hotel four da)i. On the day they armed Mr. Graney sent a dray to tho tram for then lutfgtgo Two boxes willi 'Mrs. fjovelook, Sydney," written on them were booked from Morpeth I« Mr Granoy Defendant went with the carter and askod for the luggage, and the Ino boxes note given to lum he signed tho reooipt book " H. Lovelock" paid the freight, and tho porter put Ihe boxes on the oart - Owing to some doouuionts leqimed lo prove tho defen- dants romand from Melbourne not having been B»nt fioni that city, the oase was postponed for a week to allow of their being obtained Bul was allowed-defen tiantin £8 J, and Ino sureties of £40 eaoh WILFULI v ItfJDRiNO A Cow-Constable John M'Gnin ness appeared before the bon oh at Morpeth, yoBter day, ohaigedb) J It Nowlan willi wilfullv injuring a cow, the property ot oomplntnnnt. Mr. Nowlan sent two of his men on the 13th of Mardi, with three quiet noll bred cows and a number of oalves to Morpeth for shipment to fcydne) , hut the steamer boing full, they turned baok willi tho Btook lhe oows went qinotly to the Largs punt, and on it, but as soon as it moved off tbo) turned, and there being no bar np on tho land sido ti o) took to the river and swam ashore Ono of the oown would not go on tho punt ngain for two hours and a halt bkmner (the driver) end others ti tod to get the beast to the punt, but without suooess lho puntman and Mr. M Fad)en, on his lucerno land and about whoso houso the beast kept running fired nth shot at tho oow Whilst running round M'Fadyeii's house the cow knooked town Mrs M'Fadven As they could not get the beast away they loft her Next day, at noon, Skinner went for tier, and fouud she had been shot dead From the other evidence it appeared Ibat on tho morning of the 14th the cow was on Mr Reddin's land, and be sent for the police to shoot her. Constablo ¿'Guinness nent down, and was followed by Constable Robert- son When Robertson reaobed the place ho gave his rifle to M Gumnoss v ho then fired two cr three shots and felled the cow. When tho pol loo wont to lioddm's the cow was in tho willows nour the river bank and kept thoro by two dogi Mr Mow Ian valued the beast at £8 here or £9 in Sydney It was aontended that the boast was not wild, or two oom mon dogs could not have kept it in the willows, and that aftor the rest of a night it would havo reooverod from the crankiness it showed the previous evoning The complainant said it was his intention to sue Beddin far the value of tho cow, and he only sought to proie that the police could not ghost down u haast unless there was danger to life, and toreooverfrom M'Guiiinoss tho dif- ference between the vii uo of the oow and what he purposed Buomg Keddin tor. 'lho beiioh, by a majority (Mr Day and Mr Robertson, Mr. la) lor dissenting), deoldod that they had no jurisdiction, because the Malicious Injury to Properly Aot required that reasonablo compensation should bo awarded, and tho maximum amount tb.it could bo given was £5 As complainant valtiod tbo beast at £8, they oould not, by awarding £5 damages be giving reasonable compensation Mr Thompson, who appeared for oomplamant, took ex aeption to this deoision, and argued against it, but tho majority adhorod to it, and " Mo jnnsdiolioa" was re- corded on the proceedings Mr Thompson Ilion applied far a oopy of tho depositions in ordor to apply to the Suprome Court for a writ of mandamus. The application was granted DniviNO tlonsKS ON THE lUnwAT - John L Boesto v James Cook-Ibis case, when called on at tho lias I Maitland police court, on 'tuesday wns poalponod nntil Friday, for the attendanoe ot a seoond magistrate. MAINTBTANOI -Dorothy Lxooll v Ldward Excel!. This oaio, when oalled on at the Eist Maitland police oourt, on luosday, was postponed until Friday, for the attendance of a nocond magistrate. ALLOWING ANIMALS TO STRAY.- At the East Maitland police court, on Tuesday, the following persons were fined in the sums named, for allowing animals to stray in the streets -James Ramsden, Jane Dixon, Thomas Smith, each 5s and 2s 6d. costs ; James Brooder and John Kaffer, each 10s. and 2s 6d costs A similar charge against Robert Dodds was postponed until Friday. BREACH or TUR ÏOLL ACT -R«V 0 Walsh v Patriok McLaughlin.-This ouse, when oallod on at the Moi pelh police oourt, yosterday, was settled out of court WAOKB OABR -At the Morpeth polioeoouit)osterday, Nioholns Barnier appeared to answer the oomplamt of Charles Hurley that he refused to pay wagos olaimed The bench ordered defendant to pay £2 3s and 6» Gd. oourt costs, in default of payment, seven days' imprison- ment KNTERTAWMRNT FOR TUB Poon -Yesterday evoning' through the kindness of Mr. Jobbins, a tea was provided gratuitously tor the poor, m tho Kent street Primitive Methodist Churoh About 200 of the aged and indi m poor of Kent- street and the neighbourhood assembled in the ohnroh, and partook of the tea, after whioh earnest and lmpiessivo addroBsos were delivered by various min- isters and friends, and during tho evening several hymns wero Bung Great mtorest was manifested by thoso assembled in the proceedings of the evoning which aro to be oontinued every evening during the ensuing week -S M. Herald, April 3 