THE PLATE DAY. The Metropolitan Autumn Iiace Meeting of 1866, which in all essential elements has been as sucoesBful a meeting as was ever held at Randwick, terminated on Saturday last with an exoellent day's sport. Whatever the attractions of the preoeding raoe days to certain olasses of persons, the last Saturday of the meeting is invariably regarded as the great and all important day to the great mass of the people; and the present occasion showed no exception to the rule. The attendanoe was very much larger than on any of the preoeding d*ys of the meeting, not only of that class of persons who are oontent to witness the equine struggles Irom either side of the ooaree, but of tbe well-to-do class who for-a small additional outlay witness them from the stand. The Grand Stand was much more crowded on Saturday than on either the St. Leger or the Cup day, and the number of ladies present was very much larger. Bis Excellency the Governor and suite arrived on the ground early in the afternoon, and remained until after the three mile race for the Queen's Plate. The present meeting has been distinguished beyond all its predecessors for the delightful weather that has pre- vailed throughout. It is satisfactory to be able to report that the meeting has passed off without an aooident, io far as we have heard, of any kind. With regard to the racing on Saturday, a detailed account is appended, and therefore little of general ctu raoter noed be said here. The Rous Handioip was the first event on the oud. The Pitsford oolt was the moat fancied for this race, on aooount of his easy viotory in the_St. Leger, but many people believe that no one can ride him like Thompson, and therefore were by no means disappointed at seeing him rnn seoond with another jookey up, notwithstanding that the jockey (Ashworth) who rode him on Saturday is one of the very best we have on the turf. The winner was fonnd in Cossack, whose per- formances since the St. Leger have entitled him to bo con- sidered the best throe-year-old we have in the oolony. The next raoe was the Randwick Handioap, the prize for whioh was pulled off cleverly by Mr. Ivory's little mare Sultans. Yattendon, the winner of the Cup, was en. tered (or this raoe as well as for the Queen's Plate, and he was backed to win both, bat being scratobed for the Plate on Friday evening he was at once made first favourite for the Handicap He was with- drawn, however, during the day-a proooeding whioh created much surprise and disappointment among his backers, For the Queen's Plate there were but three starters, Tarragon, Canobie, and Cossaolt, and the old horse was bioked at 2 to 1 to win it. Many persons be- lieved that Cossick would Dot be sant for it; after winning the Rous Handioap, and more believed that if he were sent he would not have the ghost of a ohanoe against such a oelebrated three-mile horse as Tar- ragon, 'Tbe event proved, however, that the oolt bad foot enough for the old horse, and could go all the distance. 'Tarragon could not once get to the front after the first quarter of a mi le, although he repeatedly tried to get there during the race. Mr. A. Thompson was warmly congra- tulated on his suooeis in pulling off the Queen's Plate ; and hemay well feel proud of his colt, who h»s won the Maiden Plate, the Rous Handioap, and the most ooveted prize of all-the Queen's Guineas- without the applica- tion of whip or spur. Cossaok is a fine chesuut oolt, by Sir Heroules, out of 'Topsy, and was bred by Mr. John Lee, of Bylong, uear Bathurst. In noticing Cossaak'B victory, however, we must not omit to give due credit to his jookey, Kelley, who rode with a skill and judgment wbioh promises well for the future. The Nursery Hanäioap was booked for Fishhook, on whom many enthusiastio ad- mirers did not hesitate to lay odds ; but here again the " pot boiled over," and the prize went to Mr. Tail's oolt, The Barb, who was never aakoil to raoe. Mr. Tait was warmly congratulated by his friends on the success of his oolt in defeating the redoubtable fishhook for a finer oolt never sported Bilk at Randwick. The final evan t of the meeting was the Foroed Handicap, whioh brought a field of thirteen to the post. Yattendon was backed at even money against the field to win it, and np to the last few strides it appeared n certainty for bim, but in a desperate rush at the finiBh young Stanley carried the yellow jacket and blâok cap, upon Warwick, to the front, and was hailed the winner. With this much by way of preliminary, we append a more minute acoo'nnt of the transactions of the day. First Race.-The Bons Handicap of 10 sovs. each for acceptors, with 100 sovs. added, for 3 years; 1^ mile and 240 yards. Entranoe, 5 sovs. 9 subB. Mr. A. Thomson's ch.o. Cossack, 3 years, 8st. 21bs. (J. Kane) 1 A. Lodcr's br.b. The Pitstord, 3 years, 9st,..(Ashwortb) 2 W. Dangar's b.h. Pyramus, 3 years, 7st. albs (Edwards) 3 W. C. YuIU's b.o. Day and Martin (late Charles Albert), 3 years, 7st.91bs. Betting: Even money on The Fitsford, 9 to 4 against Cossack, S to 1 each against Pjramui, and Day and Martin, Day and Martin got the best of it at the start, sud he led past the stand, with Prramns seoond, Cossack third, and The Pitsford last. No alteratiou ot position occurred until they reached the back of the course, when Pyramus went up to Day and Martin, collared, and piBsed him. Cossack and The Pitsford also closed up, and before tbey reaohed the Derby Comer the four were all in a heap together. When entering the straight running Pyramus and Cossaok were raoing stride for stride together, with the other pair close in tho rear ; but at the distance post Cossack shook Mr. Danger's horse off, and ran home an easy winner by several lengths; The Pitsford, in the last few strides, defeating Pyramus tor seoond plaoe. Day and Martin was a bad fourth. Time, 2 minâtes 3S¿ seoonds> Second Bace.-The Randwick Handioip of IO eovs. each, with 100 sovs. added; 1} mile. IS subs. Mr. T. Ivory's oh.m. Sultana, 4 years, 8st. Slbs.(J. Kane) 1 G. Lee's gr.f. Sappho, 3 years, Ost. Bibs.(George) 2 C. Bather's ch.g. Potentate, aged, 8st. 6Ib3,:.".(Uamsay) 3 Cliaafe ne. oli.U. Dundee, 4 years, 8st. Tibs, J. Tait'e ch c. Falcon, 4 years, Bat. 71bs. 1?. Andrewe's ch.g. Orphau, by Sir Charles, 4 years, 7st. 41bs. J. Scath's b.g. Bracelet, 6 years, "at. albs. Betting: 2 to 1 against Sultana, 5 to 2 against Fal- con, 3 to I against Dundee and Biacelet, S to 1 against Sappho and Potentate. After several attempts, and one breakaway, the lot got off upon tolerably equil terms, Dundee leading, Rracelet seoond, Sultana tbird, and Falcon fourth. This order was maintained round lo the rooks turu, when Fa loon went np and passed Sultana, and almost immediately af;er Bracelet pasBod Dundee and took up tho running. The four, however, were very olose together, and before reaching the Derby ooruer Sultana had gone np past Fal oon and Dundee and was racing with Bracelet. As tbey came ia between the rails Sappho emerged from the rook, ran past her horses, aod esiaycd to reach Sultana, who, before roachingthedistancepost had disposedof Bracelet; but the effort was fruitless, and Mr. Ivon'a little mare kept in front to the finish, Mr Lee's filly running a good second, and Poten tato a bad third. Time 2 min. 17JSBC9. Third Raoe.-The Queen's Plate of 200sovs: 3 miles. 7 subs. Mr. A Thomson's cli.c. Cossack, 3 yrs., 7st. 21bs.(Colley) 1 W. Town's b.h. Tarragon, aged, lOst. 41b9....(Ulgsorson) 2 Thomas Sullivan's b.h, Canobie, aged, lost. lib. (Uiggin bottoru). 3 Bitting: 2 to 1 on Tarragon, 3 to 1 esoh against Cossack and Canobie. At the fall of the flag Canobie went to the front, the old horse being second, and the oolt third. The Utter, how- ever, after entering thestraightrunning, passed Tarragon and Canobie and went to the front. In pissing the stand after the first half-mile, which was very slow, the oolt was leading, Canobie was three lengths bebind him, and Tarragon four lenglhs behhd Canobie. Shortly after passing the rocks Tarragon and Canobie closed up, and in passiug the two-mile post the three were close together, Cossack still having a slight lead. Canobie now begun to find tbe pace too good for him, and had therefore to be oontent with the third place, while i Cossack and Tarragon went on at a spanking pace, a length only separating them. As they approached the Delby on nor, Tai ragon mudo an effort to get up alongside the colt, but no sooner did he get up to Cossack's flanks th m the latter shook bim oil' again. All np the Btraight running and pa<.t the stand Cossack still led by a length, while Canobie was falling considerably to the rear. Past the Rocks turn, round the Denison corner, and along the back stretoh the pair raced at a terrifia pace, Tarragon being unable to collar the colt although doing his very best. So they oime on into the straight running, when Higgerson pulled out bis whip and plied it vigorously, hut all was of no avail, and the oolt, amid thunders of applause from tho people on the stand, and thoBe who lined the rails, came up the course two lenglhs in advance of the old obampion, and pulled off the guineas, untouched by whip or spur. Tarragon's defeat was a severe blow to his party, who regarded the roos as a certainty for him. Cossack and his jockey Colley (whose riding was the admiration of all who witnessed it) were loudly cheered as they entered the enclosure in frontof the stand, and again aB tho boy left theyard after weighing. Time, 5 minutes 54 seconds, Fourth Raoe.-The Nursery Handicap of 10 sovs. each for aooeptors, 100 sovs. added ; for 2 years ¡ } mile. 11 subs. Mr. J. Talt's br.c. The Barb, 7st. 321bs.(Martincer) 1 H. Fisher's b.c. Fishhook, 8st. nibs.(I). O'Brien) 2 J. Lee's eli h. Bylong, Gst. 7lbs.(W. George) 3 Fisher's b.c. Budelight, Sat. 81bs. Coboroft's b.f. Miss Corcobus, Ost. Gibs, A. Bowman's gr.f. Norma, Gat. 21bs. Betting: even monee on Fishhook, 3 to 1 eioli against the Barb and Budelight, and a longer prios about the remainder. The Birbjumped off with the levd, closely fallowed by Budelight and Fishhook. As they approached the Derby oorner the Barb increased his loid, but when within the rails both the Yiotorian colts dad dosed up, and it was confidently expected that Fishhook would win it in a canter. The Hub, however, had too much foot for both of tbem, and be increased his lead to several lengths before reaching the post. Bylong oame with a rush at the finish, and defeated Budelight for third place. Time, 1 minute 19 seconds. A private matoh between Ino hooks, Camden and Dora, the former ridden by Ashworth and the latter by Hark- ness, now oame off, and was won by Camden. Fifth Rioe.-The Forced Handicap of 5 sovs. eaoh (30 sovs. added), for all winners, those of Hurry Scurry and two years' races exoepted-for wh oh and all beaten horses entraooe optional, but acceptance obligatory. 1J mile. The winner to pay 5 guineas to the club. Tho fallowing handicap was issued -Yattendon, 9st 6lbs , Warw!ok,8st 21bs Forester 8st 2lba , bultaua, 8st. lib , Coaiaok 7st 12lb> , Union Jaok, 7st lOlbs , Potentate, 7st 7lbs Falcon, 7st 5 lbs, Dundee, 7st 3lbs , Rarey 7st 2lbs , Bracelet, 7st , lim Whifflir, 6st 12lbs , Praxiteles, Cst. "lbs , Coo'ï-a Hoop, Gst 7lbs , Lady Wildair, Gst Dundee and Cossack wire soratohed The following is the result of tho race Mr TattsWarwiok 8st 21bs (Stanlej) 1 Merry s bril Yattendon Ost (¡lbs (Holmes) 2 Ivory s cb m Sultana, 8st lib (J Kane) 3 Betting 5 to 4 against Yattendon, 2 to 1 against Sultana, and 5 to 1 against anything else in the race. Union Jaok jumped off with the lead, with Saltern seoond the remaindor being all of a heap behind. Ia passing tbe Racks turn, Yattendon, who had been lying in the middle, put on the steam, improved his position at every stride, and at the Derby corner was leadiug, with Dundee and Sultana olose upon his dinks, and the rack, including Union Jack, who had fallen back, immediately in the rear As they entered the rails Warwiok came out of tho ruck, passed Sultana and Dnndee, and raced up the oonrse with Yattendon defeating bim at the post by half a length Sultana was four or five lengths behind, and the others were very much scattered lime 2 minutes 17 seconds. This was the last event on the card, and as dusk was ooming on, the orowd opon the conrse made a sudden re- treat homewards. The prizes will be paid over in Tattersalls long room at eight o'olook to- night (Monday) and the general settling will take place immediately afterwards. 