News and Notes. BY A SYDNEY MAN. Thursday, June 21. THIS is, if my memory serves correctly, the "longest day" in England, and blue skies and balmy weather prevail. Great would be the contrast wish the present weather aspects in . Sydney. For tho last fortnight the sky has borne the hue of pea-soup mixed with potatoe water—the rain has only been diversified be tween an avalanche and a piercing drizzle, and the intervals have been filled up with choking fogs. Of course the prevailing disorder is very little mitigated in severity. For my part lam tick and tired of mentioning the subject, as your readers must be of hearing of it, and I merely mention it as part of the current news. People cannot shake off the complaint, and all agree that it is the worst of the kind that has been known in Sydney. Our political world is dull enough at present. It is to be presumed that Ministers are prepar ing- themselves to make a respectable appearance before Parliament on the 24th July next. In the meantime, Mr. Cowper has gone to Welling ton in the Kaikoura, and will return, so says a paragraph apparently an authority, in time forthe opening of the next Session. I don't know whether Mr. Cowper's visit to New Zealand is of a public or a private character, and therefore can merely mention what is spoken of here— that the general Government of that colony, being desirous of recognising its departments, offend some terms to Mr. W. Forster to assist in that service, it being supposed that his official knowledge in this colony would be useful. He did not go, however, as had been expected, and some have conjectured that the superior ad ministrative experience of Mr. Cowper has been invoked by the Wellington Government j but this is merely a loose conjecture. The Kaikoura, by the way, had to anchor on the Sydney side of the Sow and Pigs reef, when going out, as it was low water and a very low tide, so that there was but 25 feet depth on the reef, and the «steamer, being deeply laden with, coal, drew 27 feet. She passed over easily however, at high water. Through having so deep a hold of the water she did not look in the slightest degree overladen ; but I suppose being built for speed as well as sea-going qualities, it has been considered wise to give her a good deep keeL The Buahine arrived here on Tuesday night, and is much admired. She is sister ship to the Kaikoura, but of a somewhat heavier tonnage. I find the following paragraph floating about, a*d give it as of some interest at the present time: — " The names of Messrs. Overend, Gurney, and Co. are now in everybody's mouth. It was deemed impossible that so old and well-estab lished a firm should tail, and when it was announced that their liabilities amounted to £15,000,000 (fiiteen millions) sterling, people looked incredulous, and said ' there must be a mistake in the figures!' It may be so ; but there can be no doubt that the liabilities of th« firm would be immense; their assets would also be very considerable. At this juncture it will be interesting to give some particulars not generally known as to the origin of the celebrated discounting firm of Over end, Gurney and Co. The original name of the firm was Richardson, Overend and Gurney, all belonging,to the Society of FriendstQuakers). Mr. Richardson commenced his life as a clerk to Messrs. Smith and Holt, bill brokers, of old Broad-street. The lato Mr. J. Overend was a cashier in the bank of Sir J. Easdaile and Co., at the same time that Mr. S. Gurney was in Fry and Chapman's Bank. Mr. Overend had .been at Basdaile's Bank for many yean, and for some time prior to his leaving the bank had carried on business sub rosa, as a bill broker, having an office in one of the many courts which lead off Cornhill. Finding his business increase, he told Mr. Easdaile he must leave the bank, as he had too much business of his own to attend longer to the business of the bank. So Mr. Overend left; Mr. Bichardson at the same time left his employers and joined Mr. Overend; subsequently, Mr. S. Gurney was taken into the firm—and thus was formed the celebrated dis counting house of Overend, Gurney and Co., which for a long series of years carried on an immense business with the English pro vinces, and with the whole of the continents of Europe and America. Their credit was practically unlimited, and the fact that their liabilities are estimated at £15,000,000, is a proof of the estimation in which their names were held in the money markets of the world. Eventually the discounting firm was merged into a limited joint stock company, but the old style and title was retained, with the significant parenthetical addition of ("limited").* Now that the house (or, more properly speaking, the Limited Liability Co.) has stopped payment, not a few openly declare their belief that the merging of the private firm1 into a publio "limited" company was neither more nor less than a deliberate step taken to retrieve the private partners from the immense liabilities and ruin which, it is said, they must have seen was gradually approaching. But when the crash cjune it took the world by surprise. It is difficult to understand how Overend, Gurney and Co. could have foreseen the political com plications which have recently occurred in England, or the approach of war between Austria and Prussia, which has hastened* the crisis." Now, although I know that your readers are not likely to accept me as a very high authority upon monetary and banking matters, I cannot help hazarding an opinion that there is an error in setting down all these failures and panics to the prospect of a German war. That may have something to do with the matter; but who can forget that the Confederacy of America carried * on a costly war of four yean' duration almost without any monetary resources of their own ? The ports were all at the command of the Federals, so Customs dues there were none; and as to any system of internal taxation, that must have been very limited, seeing that nearly the whole of the Southern population were in the field. Where, then, did the money come from? We know very well what is said—that the Confederate bonds were taken by capitalists in England, and some in France; and, if this be true, seeing that none of those bonds-are yet paid or are likely to be, can it be surprising that failures to the extent of millions are now heard of ? If this is not the true cause, or the main one, I will fonwear finance—a science for whioh I flatter myself that I have a genius. In all seriousness, these Confederate debts must ■ amount to something; astounding. Here is an instance in which Hamlet's offer to "take the ghost's word for a thousand 'pounds" would have involved a heavy pecu niary loss to the philosophic Prince. The fol lowing is from the South Australian Advertiser:— *h" A gentleman in Adelaide, who has furnished us with his real name and address, has sent us the following singular communication, for the historical accuracy of which ho most positively Touches. In these days of spiritualism the story will doubtless interest many, although in placing it before the public we give it simply as an in stance of pure and simple mental delusion. The communication is as follows:—'Tuesday, sth instant, was a time of considerable interest and excitement to many of the residents in and about the Glen Osmond Eoad. In that neighborhood there resides an old gentleman (whose name I need not mention) who for a series of yean past has predicted that he should die on the sth of June, 1866, on the authority (so he stated) of a supernatural revelation. Incredible as the state ment may appear, there is not a shadow of doubt, the old gentleman fully believed that two angels (years ago) appeared to him, and told him that he should die on the day mentioned. He informed the writer that he saw them as plainly and as distinctly as he saw your inform ant. He described their form, manner of ap pearance, Ac, &c;, and has alwayß (so far as I can learn) told tho same tale—varying in nothing. In other respects he is a sane man: intelligent, simple-minded, and truthful. About a fortnight ago, though very unwell, so convinced was hoof his impending dissolution, and of the use lessness of earthly remedies that he refused to take medicine, but asked his doctor to come on the 6th of June, that ho might sign the certificate of his decease. Through the whole of the night of N the 4th he was carefully watched and at tended bj his family, and by some of his co religionists. lam informed, one zealous sister borrowed a watch, that she might note the exact moment of his departure. Up to 3 o'clock on the morning of the sth these people sat in solemn silence, uttering not a word, but looking for the coming event, when the old gentleman suddenly told them to sing a hymn. The hymn was sung, and the weary vigil con tinued. As hour after hour passed, the anxiety of those who believed in the fulfilment of the prophecy became intense; but at length, as time elapsed, and no dissolution ensued, the tension of feeling began to relax, and when the sth finally passed away, and the old gentleman still survived, all anxiety disappeared. How far some of the friends believed in the realisa tion of this prediction deponent saith not, be cause he does not know; but that the old gentleman had a most assured and abiding faith respecting it, lam in a position to assert. Ar gument was useless with him—discu-sion vain ; he had seen the angels and there was an end of it. Altogether, it was one of the most perfect cases of hallucination that ever fell under my notice. lam happy to be able to add that on the 6th of June the old and feeble subject of this remarkable delusion was doing well." The Government of this colony, in considera tion of the hardships suffered by persons accused of lunacy, who under present arrangements are lodged in the common gaol before being removed to an asylum, has come to the humane and judicious decision of having a temporary re ceiving establishment constructed on some of the vacant ground in the vicinity of Darlinghurst prison. A garden will be planted, and here suspected lunatics will have a fair chance of re covering from any temporary aberration, without being goaded to raving madness by the horrors of a gaol. Our Sydney journals hare been much occu pied—and I do not think unprofitably—in dis cussing the debates in the • House of Commons on the Beform Bill, and their bearing upon the alleged violent democratic tendencies of New South Wales. Now, as it has also been some what fashionable in Queensland to adopt a simi lar tone, I would invite the attention of your readers to the following extract from an article in this day's Empire, which to my mind shows conclusively that what is called " universal suffrage" here is fully as restrictive and conser vative as the electoral scheme of the Constitu tion Act which is in force in your colony. But read and judge for yourself:— "Much as was said of the evil effects of democracy in Australia, and the mischief that had flowed from the adoption of what was called ' universal suffrage,' we shall show that no such suffrage exists, and that the existing electoral law is, in effect, more restrictive than that which preceded it; yet it was opposed with the same kind of arguments that have met the new reform bill, and it is now quoted on all occasions as a frightful example of the reckless ness and the levelling tendencies of democracy. Under our present law no man can vote as a mere resident, unless he shall ■ have been three yean in the colony, and resident in the electoral district for which his vote is to be given for at least six months before the date of making out the electoral lists. These conditions are, for all practical purposes, the same as obtained under the, old law. This is the residentiary qualification —three years in the colony, and at least six months in the electoral district. But the Act contains other and distinct qualifications, recognising the claims of property and capital, and dispensing with the residentiary qualification of three years. The possession for six months of a freehold or lease hold estate of the value of a hundred pounds, or ten pounds annually; the occupancy for a like period of any house, warehouse, counting- house, room, shop, or building of the annual value of ten pounds; or the possession for six months of a pastoral lease of Crown lands—either of these qualifications give a title to a vote. To talk of universal suffrage, therefore, is to talk in utter ignorance of the merits of the subject. The electoral system comprised in the Constitution Act, and which was superseded by the present law, - would have enfranchised nearly all who now have the right, besides a great many others who have been excluded by the existing Act. The following were the qualifications under that system : —A freehold estate of the clear value of a hundred pounds ; the occupary for six months of a house or other building worth ten pounds a year; a leasehold estate worth ten pounds a year, which had either been three yean in possession or had three yean to run; a pastoral license held for six months; a salary of one hundred pounds a year; the occupancy of any room or lodging and payment of forty pounds a year for board and lodging, or ten pounds a year for lodging only. Such were the qualifications under the old law ; and we believe it would be difficult to show that any who now claim to vote under the residen tiary qualification of the present Act would not have been equally entitled under the old one. Commencing with the indispensable condition that a man must have resided three years in the colony and six months in his electoral district, he must be a penon of some settled habits. If he pay a rent of only four shillings a week for some house or room to lay his head in, or a similar rent for a leasehold, or receive a salary at the rate of two pounds a week only, or pay about fiiteen shillings and sixpence a week only for board and lodging combined, he would be qualified under the former electoral law. Now we would ask any reasonable person whether it is possible for any man who has been three years in the colony, and has resided six months in one electorate to avoid coming under one oi>» other of these conditions ? This then is the class to which our so-called ' manhood suffrage' electors belong; and besides these we still have the hundred pound freeholders and the holden of pastoral licenses. It is not easy to discover anything very dangerous in an electoral roll so constructed. It is only fair to state that the new law caused a considerable change by excluding the extra rote for salaries of £100, under which arrangement many young men of somewhat aristocratic notions exercised two rotes —one for their salary and one for their lodgings; but was this fair? I say no. Another article in this day's Empire refers also to a subject in which some of your readers may be interested. It is a commentary upon some remarks of the Ser. Dr. Cranbrook, on the subject of preachers and preaching. Dr. Cranbrook confesses that sermons arc usually dull and uninteresting, and says—" I fear they are failures ;" but he seems to attri bute thus to the severe adherence of congrega tions to old patterns, and their intolerance of innovation. This the article in question dis putes, and it concludes thus -. —"Those who want twaddle and cant, superstition and fable, served out in such a way as to assure them of salvation, while they cheat all who trust them, and persecute or harass all who doubt their •reed, are numerous enough everywhere; but these are the very people who stand in greatest awe of the preacher; who do his bid ding right or wrong, and not only forgive his faults, but hide and deny them. To give these men credit for moulding the preacher, for pre scribing limits to the range of his thoughts, and compelling him to make sermons which have neither thought nor point in them, is, to say the least, a mistake. These men, or such as they are, may not want God's truth. They are certainly well content with that which has, as they think, been proclaimed by authority, be it pope's or king's, saint's or bishop's, priest's or parson's; and, if they want no more, it is because they have been taught that more was evil. But whatever be the nature or extent of intolerance among the people, it is not tho people who make preachers what they are. It would be much nearer the truth to say that the people are what the preachers make them, so far at least as religious intolerance is concerned. It is tho preacher, or his schoolmaster, who di rects and imparts religion, or what is called re ligion, to the young, and the majority know little about religion beyond what they learn in youth. If people grow up ready to find heresy, and to persecute it, even in a preacher, whose fault is that ? Who has trained the people to regard every man as a siuner, and a scoundrel, who happens to believe a little more or a little less than themselves?* Who has taught then/ to curse and to persecute heretics when they ought to be seeking instruction for themselves. Assuredly Dr. Cranbrook has not pushed his inquiry for enough." There appean a telegram from Melbourne this morning, reporting from a Hokitika paper, that Mr. Wood, the father of the notorious Mrs. Kinder, had been fined £2, for destroying a wax work figure of the late unfortunate Kinder, in the wax exhibition Hokitika. Fancy that woman continuing to live, with her father, in a place where she is so well known and noto rious. One does not know which of the parties to feel the most disgust for. 