ST. PATRICK'S CHAPEL AT LAIDLEY. (Abridged from Courier.) The consecration of the above took place on Sunday last, July 29. A special train left Ipswich at 8:30 a.m., with about 150 passengers, amongst whom were several persons from Brisbane. The train arrived at Laidley about 11 o'clock, and the visitors at once proceeded to the chapel, which is pleasantly situated on the side of an eminence overlooking a large extent of country. It is a very neat structure of wood in the Gothic style, and is capable of comfortably accommodating about 120 persons. The sarcristy is octagon in shape, and the building is set off with a bell turret. The interior fittings are very neat. The doors and window frames and the sanctuary rails are of polished cedar. The altar is in the form of a half- cone, let into the sacristy, and tastefully worked with wood. It was ornamented with flowers for the occasion, and presented a very pleasing and tasteful appearance. At about half-past 12 o'clock his Grace the Bishop appeared in his sacerdotal robes, and per- formed the ceremony of consecrating the edifice to the worship and glory of God. Mass was then celebrated by his lordship, after which a very eloquent sermon was preached by Father Brün, who choose for his text " I believe in the Holy Ghost ; the holy Catholic Church." The singing, under the conductorship of Mr. Straham, was very good. A collection took place and about £20 was subscribed. Benediction of the blessed sacrament followed. The congregation then left the church and pro- ceeded to Moroney's, where a number of tables were set out with a substantial luncheon, to which ample justice was done. The Bishop presided. After the repast the Rev. Father Brün rose and said, that in consideration of the day and the cir- cumstances under which they were assembled, it was considered advisable to dispense with the usual formula of toasts. He congratulated the people of Laidley on having erected a building to the glory of God, and concluded by proposing the health of his Grace the Bishop. Dr. Quinn returned thanks, and said it afforded him great pleasure to be present at such a meeting, which he attributed to the praiseworthy energy displayed by Father Brün. That was the third time he had been called on to perform a similar ceremony by that gentleman, and was sure that if the building of churches would send a man to heaven that he would occupy a high position there. He concluded by proposing the health of the Rev. Father Brün. The Rev. Father Brün returned thanks, and proposed " Our Friends," making a special men- tion of those from Brisbane. Mr. Bolger responded for the Brisbanites, and Mr. Johnston for the people of Ipswich. " The Ladies" was then proposed, and duly responded to by Dr. Heeney, after which the company dis- persed and proceeded to the station. 