MY. GREATEST FRIGHT. It was a pitch-dark night when X stood at the door of an inn on the verge of the little town of D , speculating upon my chances of fair weather on the. top of the coach which, passing through the place, was to cairy me some twenty miles farther. The mail had not yet arrived. Those were the good old days of stage-coaches, when a journey of a few score miles was a formidable affair, to be talked of a month before it took place, and re garded as an event in life after it had been performed. Being accustomed to travelling, I thought less of a trip than most people. On; that night, however, an ugly co]dLj$j&zle; made ^ me shiver, and hurry " back -'to the chimney corner of the snug hosterly, were wit and song, and savoury suppers, and punch, manufactured by the sweetest of bar maids, combined to render the hours fleeter. Half-inclined to remain where I was and let the coach, proceed unheeded, I threw myself on a bench, lit my cigar, varied my medita tions with a fresh tumbler, and surrendered myself to all the comfort the place afforded. Nothing disturbed my enjoyment but the snoring of a person in another corner of the apartment, who seemed overcome by the strength of his previous potations. Palling into a rather gloomy reverie, I experienced a strong presentiment that, against my better reason, I should ere long commit some fearful crime. Startling visions came and went before me—not that the maid had been over generous in mixing my tumbler, although I allow I was a favourite, and had succeeded in snatching a kiss on an occasion. I was as sober as a judge, whatever that statement may be worth ; still I eould not shake off the shapes of horror that haunted me. I felt convinced that something untoward would soon occur, but, anathematising myself as a superstitious dolt, I seized my liquor, and having turned the crystal bottom upward in approved style, began to whistle a popular air, which half-awaked my stertorous friend at the instant when the horn of the guard and the rattle of a vehicle reminded us of the coming coach. Should I stay, or go? The night was abominable, and an outside seat would be misery indeed; an inside X could not expect It was as well to try, however, if such might be had.. Fortune favoured me. The coach was altogether empty; and after a pleasant word with somebody, who sighed as I departed, I jumped in and hugged myself all over at my good fortune. Scarcely was I seated when an individual —-A gentleman I judged him to be by the tone of his voice, all the rest of him being concealed bj coats and mufflers-^assisted into the coach another comfortably enveloped Bundle of humanity, saying at the same time, " I trust, sir, my friend will not incommode you." " Not at all," replied I, as the stranger, without spea3diig, flung him self, or tumbl^ into the other comer on the seat where I safc/JKot a ^jord passed between us, andwestfirfce& We had proceeded a mile or twti, and I Imd relapsed mto a sort of slumber, when on & sadden slight jolt of the coach threw my AeIlow- traveller right on top of me. My equanimity was not improved by the *x>ntaet; but fancying, as he made very feeble efforts: to recover Siimself, that hehad fallen iato^u; profound sleep, I raised him^-.genfl^^ possible, and, depositing; him in Ms corner, again composed myself, drawmgf^j^ ^ap more determinedly over my eyes.-. Miii a souud thenceforth emanated from my. .companion, upon which I felicited myself. Were the delinquent my snoring friend of1 the; hotel, what mast not my torture have been ? Matters proceeded pleasantly enough, and my eyes were beginning to betray me once more into dreams, when, at a turn in the r-oad, ■ down came my neighbour upon me a second time. Now that was enough to vex a saint. Hid. the most powerful individual on record been in the predicament, he would have fonnd it difficult not to consign the wretch to regions infernal. I will not confess what I said—it would not ring discreetly in ears polite; but my bark is worse than my bite, as Celia has often declared indeed, when I have arranged trifling domestic squabbles {which are few and far between) by the gift of a bonnet, or something.of the sort—in the newest style. I will acknowledge what I did, for, as yet, I had not grown savage with my voiceless tormentor, I shook him soundly; a grunt was emitted, hardly mortal. Then, for the first time, it struck me that he might be none other than the tipsified denizen of the coffee-room corner, now quite overcome. Uncollecting many misdoings of my own—one who handles a drunk man with particular tenderness is sure to be no tee totaller -1 spoke encouragingly to the mass of bacchanalian stupidity, shookhim again, lifted him with some gentleness, . arid set him up all right. It was scarcely done when' he had lost his equilibrium once more, and repeated his moan of dissatisfaction with my renewed efforts to save his neck. This insensibility to my kindness, I confess nettled me. I fear I did not then handle him so mildly. I not only placed him in his seat, but administered as sound a box with my fist (striking as X did at random, in the dark, it fell somewhere about his cranium,) as ever I dealt to an impudent coxcomb, boasting of his powess in the art of self defence—wherein I excel. I am not sure that I did not repeat the blow, for flesh and blood could not stand such intolerable an-, i noyance. Yet, once more the coach lurched, the same scene was repeated, and a powerful thrust in the breast, delivered with unction, rewarded the miscreant. But the moment this blow was lauuched upon him I began to tremble. An indefinable dread crept over me, such a feeling as I never before had experienced—as I could not then, and cannot now explain. The absence of all response from the indeceraable heap in the corner, the frequency of his stumbles, and, as it often appeared to me in reflecting, upon the occurrence afterwards, something mysterious in the contact of my knuckles with his clothes, made me shiver. A con clusion darted across my mind of the most intensely painful nature. I pulled open the window, bawledlusifcily to the guard, demanded that the coach should be stopped, stormed about't the impropriety of placing a drunken person in the carriage, and demanded that he should be taken out forthwith. A lantern was brought, the coachman and guard both descending, The speechless traveller was caught and gently shaken, to no purpose shouted at, with equal fruitlessness—and at length fairly lifted out, when the man was found to be dead. My feelings were, I assure you, none of the most pleasant. The guard, especially, seemed to imagine foul play on my part, The body, however, was stretched upon the roof of the coach, with silent ceremony; X resumed my place inside; the vehicle proceeded ; and our journey soon came to an end before the hotel door of the town of my destination. I immediately got out, eyed askant by the guard, and a policeman; to whom that officer had evidently communicated his suspi cions, The corpse was taken into the hall of the house; and, for the night (it then was very late), all sank into peace. Not a moment slept I. Had I murdered the man P Had my repeated blows termin ated his mortal career, effectual for serious mischief as they must have been upon a person whom I now presumed had entered the coach the next thing to dead—dead drunk? His ghost stood at the bedside. It grinned horribly at me. Its eyeballs started. It scowled and scowled again. It went and returned for as many times as I had given blows, on every occasion the more appaling in aspect, the more awful a premonition of the penalty which I could not but anticipate was in store for me, the murdered 1 When the morning came, it found me fevered, and weak as a babfe. I tried to rise—-my limbs refused their office. I endeavoured to battle off my apprehensions; it was impossible. At length, with greai difficulty dragging myself out of bed, I feebly dressed. - On: coming down to breakfast, the first information I got was that a coroner's inquest would be held in an hour. An hour! j What should I do ? Confess it all. My brain burned. I strove to look collected. I' cut the bread mechanically. I placed a piece in my mouth; but I could no more swallow a morsel than fly. Indeed to fly i from the place was my strongest impulse ^ — WKUJ: ■ lip ICVLFVy UUt IflJ intention, wben I overheard the conversation iof a couple of persons at a table* near. J* There are several curibiis- marks upon the pjseast," said ©ne^ "^They seemf' rejoineid °th.er, " as if administered by some bluiit jijastruDient. There was undoubtedly Vio lence." " Did not somebody travel with him ip the coach?" was then ..asked. I could listen no longer, but. rose and rushed out, • | The inquest was on the point of being held. The coroner had arrived. A jury had; been collected. At last all the preliminaries were arranged. What should I do? Anxious to make an open and a candid narration of all that had taken place, I yet lacked moral courage, fearing that my story would be regarded as utterly improbable. I suffered more in that half hour than pen could describe. I still look back upon it with horror. Finally, after a terrible struggle with my feelings, I resolved to enter the-out house where the inquest was being held, anci try by the frankness of my statement to gain credence. As I walked to the spot, however, I found the same guard who had looked so suspiciously on the previous night, attended by his friend the policeman, proceeding in search of me, to require my attendance. The sight of him, and his furtive glance, again unmanned me; but, with a great struggle to look composed, I approached the crowd standing round the body. Addressing my self to the coroner, I was about to commence a solemn appeal for a fair construction of my conduct, by way of preface to a detail of the whole affair, when that functionary inter rupted me, not conjecturing the important nature of what I was about to communicate, and intimated that he would first examine a medical gentlemen present, who .had made a post mortem, and was obliged to attend a sick-call without delay ; he had left his patient, who was seriously ill, to give his evi dence, and wished at the earliest possible moment to return. I remained silent. Ifo trembling affected my limbs now. My nerves were true as steel. My heart hardly beat. My face grew cold as ice; my limbs rigid as those of a statue. I was worked up to the highest point of excitement. My eyes were set upon the doctor as if they would pierce him through. My fate lay in his hands; what would he say? Could I dare rhope that he had mistaken the cause of death, and would impute it to anything which might relieve me from my peril? Even if he did, what would be the worth of a mere escape when I should bear with, me to my dying day the dreadful sense of having killed a fellow-creature, even without intention. At any cost I would unfold the matter. It might be as well, however, to let the doctor speak first. He began. His testimony was given with clearness, and when it reached its" climax, a .sharp cry sprang from my heart Never -shall I forget that moment. An intolerable weight was lifted from me. I felt every part of my body relaxed, and humanised again. I breathed a long full breath. I wept. I smiled grimly. I was all but in a hysteric. The doctor could not account for a couple of abrasions on .the face, and a serious discoloration of small extent upon the breast; these showed that con siderable violence had been used towards the deceased within a short period previous to his death—but that violence, lie was clearly of opinion, formed no part in the cause of tbe wretched man s decease, which, had arisen from apoplexy brought on. by excessive drinking. Had the unfortunate individual, he added, been kept awake and erect, the catastrophe might not have, occurred; but, being a heavy person, the position into which be must have fallen in the coacb had accelerated the fatality. The jury were satisfied. I then unbosomed myself of my share in the business, and felt lighter and happier than I had a few hours befrce ever hoped to be again in this world.— -Dublin University Maqa- j zine. 