THEA1RICAL CLIPPINGS. Miss Emma Stanley has been giving her entertainments, 'The Seven Ages of Woman' and 'AH Round the World,' at the Manchester Athenaeum, with great success, being nightly re warded with crowded bouses. Mr Chas. Dillon is pursuing his career through the United States of America. The latest news is that he has played engagements with more or less success in Boston, Albany, and Troy (Ohio). The American papers are, of course, estatic in hit praise, Mr and Mrs Clarence Holt havt been starring at Newcastle-on-T_vne, in the sensation dramas of ' The Mariner's Compass,' ' The Octoroon,' ' Civilisa tion, ' Ambition,' and ' Belpbegor, ' with great success. They intend shortly to take a tour through Scot land, ana an men return 10 .uonuuu. Mr Farqubarson, after a pleasant passage in the Giant's Causeway irom Geelong, arrived in England in Febru ary last, and announces his return to England, alter his tour through Vic toria, New South Wales, South Aus tralia, Tasmania, Ceylon, and the East Indies. He was shortly to appear at the Monday evening concerts, at St James's Hall, Piccadilly. Mr George Fawcett, or Mr George Fawcett Rowe, has at last found bis way to New York. He made his first appearance in that city on the 19th of March, last, at the Olympic Theatre, as Sir CharleB Coldstream, in the comedy of ' Used up,' and afterwards as Clo rinda, in the burlesque of 'Cinderella.' la the latter character, according to the local journals, he made a ' palpable hit.' Mr, Mrs, and Little Johnny Gour lay, who are under engagement to Mr George Coppin shortly to appear in Australia, have been continuing their farewell tour through Scotland, During March they appeared at the Trades Hall, Arbroath. On the evenings of the 6th, 0tfc, and 20th March the above hull was crowded to the doors, every one more eajjer than his neighbour to be presented at Mrs M'Gregor's levee. Mr Gonrlay, a thorough Scotch come dian, Hbly assisted by Mrs Gourlay and tlieirson, little Johnny (a regular chip), kept up tbe interest of the above sketch, iind personated tbe whole of tlw Scottish curiosities therein, bringing down immense applause. On account of oo many not being uble to get ad mittance on Saturday, tbe 10th, the entertainment was again given on Monday evening to a crowded house, little Johnny's singing and dancing beiujj much admired. Mr F. Younge, during March last was still gaining laurels at the Olympic, London, for his splendid burlesque melo-dramatic acting in the extrava ganza ' Princess Primrose and the Four Pretty Princes.' A new bur lesque is being written for this theatre, and Bellinghum will take especial care that our old favourite has a part specially to display his peculiar abili ties. Mrs G. V. Brooke (Miss Avonia Jones) is still fulfilling her engagement at i he N6W Surrey Tiieatre. Sue ljps been sustaining nightly with undoubted1 success the dual character of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine in John Ox enford's drama of 'East Lynne,' which was shortly to be withdrawn in favour of a new drama specially written tor Mrs Brooke, by Watts Phillips, to be entitled ' Theodora— Actress and Empress.' Mr Sefton Parry is still the enter prising proprietor of the New Greenw ich Theatre, and such has been his success as Robert Brierly, in the ' Ticketof Leave Man,' that, in conjunction with Mr 0. H. Cheltenham, he has written a new drama (to be a continuation of Mr Tom Taylor's) entitled 'The Ticket-of Leave Man's Wile,' Mr Sef ton Parry himself sustaining the prin cipal part. Professor Anderson.— This renowned conjuror is making the 'grand tour' of Wales, and has appeared in Cardiff for a few nights, creating no small sensation at the Town-hall, but finding its accommodation insufficient, he has with his gifted children taken tbe Stuart Hall, where tbe wonderful per formances of himself and familv create the greatest astonishment, and are spoken of as the most marvellous things ever seen in this locality. Mr Dominick Murray has lately had a still further opportunity of extending his range of characters. Mr Charles Reade's drama, 'It is JVever too Late to Mend,' after an uninterrupted run of 140 consecutive nights at the Princess Theatre, London (Mr Murray appear ing in it every night), has been withdrawn. Dion Boucicault's sensa tional drama, ' The Streets of London' has been reproduced, preceded nightly by the farce ' A Ghost in Spite of Himself,' in botli ol which Mr Murray appears. Mr Henry Neil Warner eeems to have rivalled our own world-renownpd tragedian in bombast, as the following paragraph from a home paper will testily, but Mr Warner met his just deserts : — ' Theatre Royal, Bolton. — On Monday (5th March), Mr H. N. Warner, announced as the greatest tragedian living, appeared for a six nights' starring engagement, but he failed to pull in audiences, having far from reached the anticipati ins of the public after the terrible announcement. On Monday he appeared as Othello ; Tuesday, Macbeth; Wednesday, Claude Melnotte ; Thursday, Hamlet ; and Friday, the Stranger, also Sir Charles Coldstream.' 