REV J . WILKES SIMMONS’ FOURTH LECTURE, A gale of wind, attended by a drenching rain, did not deter a great body ooay of oi people, t h e 1“"^1“ * T f ' ^ L r t a n c e of tile Sunday afternoon lecture., whiei, — ■•- the - Rev Mr . Simmons deli had.honored Tlie c t a ir a,he i „ dwe,t * the interest, of the 3«r»m ^ m ^m« , , . and ^ ld hi, benrer! tIlBt their «om o ,he nece„ ity for prep, ■“« w Rn *»„,* ,»,« ^ IheVlv^mlemnn tlie lm“ an r.fl<?J* lt bl* promote, the spiritual .interest, of. lus fellow man. He then introduced the rev gentleman to the auditory and resumed his seat. The Rev Mr Simmons (hen ca-ne forward, and observed that he did not know how to express his thankfulness to the chairman for the kindly terms in which he spoke of bis ssi s a M ^ - s j s a r l f c S i S r j ; ^ a t 5- . M 2 S!i t always sorrow provide and I...,■■ loas, for it a would rainy be day.” found In invalun. '■»>- a time ble to have so provided. There were nianywyat all. A friend said to him that it had been stated that he fMr Simmous) had two large | ^\V JV .r^7u«"6iiniiaw' K.«f n.To the Grottoes,” and that he had exclaimed to his hearers, “ now boys I pitch your pence into the grottoes ” But he could not say, who said that. When he asked who did so, the Answer was, “ They said it.” Now, it was always wise never to believe “ They said it.” It came from a questionable quarter. Sometimes it was said “ He takes too much,” and “ He does not walk upright,” Now, show to their neighbors that they were above both one aud the other, and then slauders will fall harmlessly and crumble to atoms. He did not say it was wicked or sinful to take a glass of sp&rkliug; ale, but if they could not afford it, or it did them b u n , tlier should not take it. He would not debar the poor man of his jug of beer with his wife at dinner time, if the money for it could be well spared. He then referred to many silly sayings which people were in the habit of using, and cautioned his hearers against their employment in the ordinary transactions of life. He now came to the topic of his lectare. There was a large as sortment of colonial sayings—one was “ ni fear,” another wae “ all right,” a third “ »U there,” and a fourth “ my word.” These he bad met with as he traversed the streets of the metropolis. Iti reference to the first, he moralised with improving effect, and took occasion to expound the passion of fe»r in the human bosom. He condemned the too common hnbit of inspiring fear into little children’s minds, by threatening them with the black hole, ghosts, and hobgoblins, which he said produce 1 a paralysing and debasing effect upon the hum.in mind, and in many instances tended to destroy many a bright and noble nature in childhood. The rev lecturer then laconically expatiated upon the other sayings he had enumerated, and drawing valuable lessons from each as he pleasantly proceeded. There was another common colonial saying, “ Are you going to shout ?” (Laughter!) A h ! it was the shouting in that sense that did so much mischief. The way to test their frieads was lo try whether they would render help in the hour of need. If the call to shout led to sprees or jollifications, they were better without friends. When men were going to put their hands into their pockets for a shout, and were just about to melt their last half crown,itjmight be,let (hem nek themselves whether Mary did not w ants pair of boot* or Tommy a cap, or their wives dresses ;>gain he said it was not wrong to take a glass of beer, hut let them not take it in excess. The witty Rowland Hill was once at a party, he was well known for his abstemeous habits but his friends Here determined to make him drink. His reply was “ Wait till after dinner and I’ll drink.” When it wae over lie was requested io redeem hie pledge, lie replied “So 1 hare, a beast knows when he hps had enough” (laughter). The lecturer beautifully improved uponyhia part of his theme. He heard a little girl say to her little sister the other day in the street, “ mind yourself.” Now was not that colonial all over? (Lnughter.) When a msn minds himself, he takes care of all near and dear to him, and he takes care also of the things relating to his eternal welfare. Let them, however, guard against selfishness in observing that motto, and have a tender thought for those round about them. Take cure of health, And of (lie education of their children. Another saying, and w l£ b was especially common in Wapping ( aughter), now “ I'll pull you.” Upon this 6»ying, the rev lecturer seriously advise! his .bearers against neighbors quarrels, which gave poor Mr Jones, who was already so hard worked, much more to do than he ought to have (a laugh), by the ready habit of ruoning off to the Police Office and taking out a luminous, simply because a small altercation had taken place, and perhaps a few harmlen blows between little children. Instendof “I'll pullyou,” let people pull|iogether, and not pull against one another. We must not omit one other saying. A little boy, last Sunday, was heard to say him to in the Thcntrr, “ Shut u p !” (laughter,) Now, did they know where tint expression came from? Did they know R was found in the epistle of Paul to the Galatians? He wished he knew the wAy to shut up all whom lie addressed to the reception of the grand scheme of radomption by tUc atoning merits of Jesus Christ. The rev gentlem n concluded bis extremely pleasing nnd profitable lecture, of which the foregoing is only a mere summary, by commending to the earnest consideration and adoption of his audience, the great truths of the Chritiiau religion. The dox^logy hymn of “ Praise God from whom all blesainga flow” was then heartily sung, __ _____ and after ______ the valedictory _____ _ “ wish you good afternoon,” from the ter lecturer, the oompany departed. 