THELEICHARDTSEASCH TION EXPEDI- A long letter from Dr. Mueller appears in .yesterday's Riverine Herald explanatory of the furthi-r steps to be token in pursuing the search for tracts of L ichardt and his par'-y. Dr. Mueller says • — Nina months, however, will be sufficient, I anticipate, to eet the question at rest how the strangers came to be mixed with tbe ^generally inaccessible hordes of Carpentaria,_of whose ferocity I had a full opportunivy of forming' a judgment when rounding the Oulf with Greg-ry ten "Ton will rejoice to learn that the preliminaries are" this day ar ranged for the continuance of the_ expedition to the and of the intended term. Mr- Campbell, ' of Glengower, prompted by feelings of fond attachment to bis nephew, haa declared himself willing to undertake the responsibility of practically arranging for the continuance of the search. For this, the pastoral settletcent he jointly possesses .with Jdr M'Intyre on the "banks of the Flinders River, affords great facilities, ss a bams .of operation. - Indeed, only, through the liberal concessions made by Mr Campbell, and tbe aid to be expected from poor M.'lntjre'a brother, will it be possible to cany on the enterprise, the remaining funds available bong far too limited to organise and a^uip a new expedition. Mr Campbell's liberality must be all the more appreciated as (chiefly through tbe loBS .of nearly seventy horaes of the expedition d.r'cg the rainless season)_ heaud-Mr M'lutjTfl had to incur great financial aatfifices, and these at e likely to be augmented now. - The new arrangements likely to be agreed -upon with the men,Hr' Campbell, and the Ladies* Committee, -will be to Unit the operations of the Expedition durirg nine, months to interrogation' with the various Gulf tribes, and setting at rest whether Leicbardt perished .there, or whether they pafSfd the Gulf country in ejtCety, Any lengthened deception x&.or evasion of this informatton by the savages, is almost out of the question. Tbe command of the party will be entrnsred to Mr Sloman for that period. The partly will liktly consist of four Europeans and four natives.. .Mr. Landsborongh, Mr Sharkey, aŁd Captain Clir. arę t>xpi c:ed ta facilitate the obj-cts.of the expedition in any manner possible within their local official poations. Rewards are cer-: I tain to be bestowed on ihe party commensurate with any succesa they may attain; "A eiir^eou ie ro be despatched to Ihe expedition, Jf within the limited means left at the ladies'command the services of a medical gentleman in evejy ' way eligible. for the task can be secured. . Meanwhile Mr Sloman has - received instructions 'o hold himself immediately ready for. the, field. It after the lapse of a second year łbie fate of Lelchardt ahould etill continue, anfcaojrn, i' is Exely lh^t tba ladies will apply to the Eve "Governments of "Continental Australia to grant -for -their enterpri'e an annual small subsidy, which probsbly need not exceed £2iQ for each colnny, all bong interested io the el o- oidatjen of the great interior- And even if Leicbardt'8 fate, as we fondly hope, thoald. be rendered known before,the expedition onghtnot to be disbanded. .Oat of s State revenue now amoonting to eeven or eight millions sterling already, assuredly annually -one thousand pounds might "be' spared lor mapping the rest of *he country. Iń Central- Africa, where amida^ dense and ravage population no scope exists for the largajffH-ead of-European naijxms, Yogel, Benrmsnn, Decker, and other then of eei nce.tbave eacrified thdr lives forscienoe alotue.. Here.it ia otherwise.. Here in Australia the pastoral ' occupants of tbe soil lean on tbe great exploring lines, often—It is sad to record— forsstful of the sacrifices of- ttiote by *hose labors tfceir prosperity is gratuitously obtained. . I would remind, that while, many, of the squatting settlers cf Leichardt's territoty have supported the search, many have not. The idle excuse lliat the search was useless haa now, I preeume,"mi weight any longer anywhere. Should suddenly members of-the long-lost explorer's party be rescued, an event quite -within the reach of possibility, those of the tóiMijŁ"®? Lsichardt'a country wbo Blood indifferent observers, - will -have with , contrition "to stare into tbe face of those who may still, like ghosts, arise before them. Had it not been for the reprehensible indifference of many on "whom owejthe ladies bed just claima, and indeed on all who to Australia a prosperous independence, the eamels mieht have been shipped to tbe Golf, or honaa and equipment, and tnnch" anxiety be •voided and losses , "unfores aa be obviated. The propriety of sending the party by aea -to the -Gulf or Port Debison, was folly discussed, but subscriptions came in too fcarcily to jastify the Committee to incur the heavy «cpen»e of the charter of a vessel capacious enough to carry dromedaries; aad it should also be borne. in mind that even that meaanre ia surrounded by risks, lb ere ia no-, always a man of the atamp of Commander Noinien. iri attendance on a wreck, nor always a fully manned wsr steamer.to tow offabelplesa transport vessel, to set «n exploring party , jgoing, otherwise wrecked before reaching its starfcingTpwint. If we could aee into the futura, Uff doubt we wouldbe sil made - wiaer. bnt it must be consoling tó all eheaged in the enterprise that they acted on calm judgnent.and according to: che dictates of their ccmwaer.oe. ? ? The Jliverine Herald reports with mingled feelings ; of annoyaucs arid regret, ill tit tbe steamer Lady Darling has been snagged and sunk again. She left the Sohuca wharf on the 14th J une, for W a^gunyah, and has been u ;w Bunk three times before reaching destins r ion. The Cnmbeeroda h«? V-eBn ^ot.a&oat; again by tbe united ^xer j -us bf the Melbourne end tbe snag punt Ward-li. She is not much the worse for tier snbmenaun. The Creswick Advertise' complains that the occupiers of rural store tic uses from what we learn are being hardly dealt by. A circular bas been addressed from tbe Com. of Lands and Survey toeaeh occupier, notifying the number of sere* allotted, also infoiming tt.em that ihemrsl store lic nsea om»t be paid from March 1865, amounting to £17 10s, to be i aid within a month from tbe date of the circular, tnforcing the conditions, bonafóte residence, enclosure and -cultivation of one-fif'h of the lot wilhln four months. The. occupiers have likewise .to refund all applicants under the 4ind Section -prior to the 9th April lasr,i the earn of £2 10j, to - cover the expenses of *aid ap-plicanta, as well as to psv fdr improvements, crops 4c., that may be on the land. Unless the rent be paid within tbe month, the laud becomes forfeited, and open to tbe firet applicant. 