ADELONG. (from our own correspondent.) March 21st. — Our race meeting is at last over, and was thoroughly enjoyed by all present who could appreciate a little general racing, and the enjoyable weather for the sport. The course did not present the same crowded ap pearance of days gone by, but as times go, was fairly well attended ; two booths were on the ground besides various carts, &c.; vending refresh ments of all discriptious. One grand peculiarity during the meeting was, the universal quietness and good temper of the company, ' not a row was heard nor a drunken note ' to annoy the most fastidious. The racing on the first day was decidedly the best, the grand struggle being for the Publican's Purse, won by the Holmes. The second day's sport bad for its chief attraction the Ladle's Purse, in which the Holmes and Dispatch' again' contended for the prize, and again. The holmes became tbe winner. J see in your last issue you have chronicled; the winners, &c.;,of the remaining races, -I will not therefore refer to them. Of course ar lew accideuljs. 'occ'ured but not of a serious character, one gentleman was severely thrown, but is nowaboMt again nearly as well as ever, certain ladies also came to grief, but quickly recovered. : Saturday, St-. Patrick's ;day, reminded one of the morning after a 'ball, 'only Hie' ghost of spirit was visible, the exertions of the previous day, no doubt, requiring rest and refreshment. Perhaps the most delightful entertainment en joyeJ during the week was that of the Bell ringers, who performed on Thursday, Friday,, and Saturdayyjit Murphy's. The room was crowded on each occasion, and I firmly believe if they had contfnued playing for a month they would still' have found a remunerative audience. English musicians are rare, at least in name,, and it was therefore exceedingly refreshing to see eight unmistakeable English faces drawing forth such sweet and varied sounds from the array of bullock and horse bells — I beard them called so — set before them.. To wish them suc cess is superfluous, they must succeed. Madame Carandini and Company gave an en tertainment last night, at MurpBy's. After our late holidays it could, not be expected they would have a crowded audience, it was however very well attended,, and those who were absent lost a great treat. Continued applause and re peated encores- characterised the festival, and F should strongly persuade all' lovers of music not to miss this opportunity of hearing first class music rendered in first-class style. Our Court house has not been particularly busy lately, but one case deserves no'ice. Two loafing characters paid a visit to a tailor named Quigley some days since,, and entered into conversation about the making of some clothes,, and during tlie conversation, one of them asked Quigley for a light j^Qujgley thereupon put hi3 hand behind1 him where he had two match boxes, one containing! matches- and: the other two £1 notes, and handed one of the boxes to the man, who quickly decamped with his mate,, and the box containing the- notes.. Upon dis covering his loss Quigley endeavoured' to find; the man, and by tbe aid' of the police he was- placed in the lock-up. At the first examination! it was proved that a £1 note was found on the man who asked for the light, and that the other note, from some peculiarity, Quigley could swear to. The police set to work to find the missing, note, and Sergeant' E^an with considerable: trouble found that the note in question had. been changed by llie inuu's mate.. This fact being proved, both prisoners were sentenced to six months in Goulburn Gaol ; one of these indi viduals is well-known in Tumut,, as the trainer 'Curly Tom.'' It is with deep regret I have to record the death of Dr. Robb, after a long and painful ill- ness, on Monday night at about 10 o'clock ; his loss will be a great one to the Adelong people. Since he had been among us his kind heart, charitable disposition, and acknowledged skill in his profession had rendered him a great fa vourite. All that was mortal of him was con signed to the tomb at 3 o'clock this afternoon (Wednesday). 