SOME EF'EOT'S OF INTEIMPERANCE ON ITE ]3BRAIN. n1Y A M?IDICL S ,\\-AN. Tir ordinary evil effects of intemperance are so well kinown and generally admittod that it would be wasto of time to treat of them helore. In this papor I shall theoroeforo confine myself to pointing out, in'a psycho logical point of view, how terrible occasion ally are its results on the mind. Dipsomania, or drinking madness, is about tihe most distressing phase of insanit.y that can afflict humanity. Tle sufferer is not only aware of the approachl of the attack, ,ut has sufficient reason to wish to avoid it. HIe is conscious that hlie is about to commit actions of the most degrading and rluffinly ldescription, and that during the terribllo paroxysm hlie will be deprived of all self ceontrol. THo knIows perfectly well that by abstaining from drink .ho can avoid tihe catastropho with wlhich lhe is throeatoned, mnd yet lie is utterly incapable of resisting the temptation, oven while he has sufficient good sense to ablhor it. In some rospoets tihe disease is moro marlked in womeon than in men; and, dis gusting as is the habit of excessive drinking, they aro occasionally much to be pitied when it arrives at that degree of intensity which procludes the possibility of their irolakling off the habit. Fow women lwho have over been accustomed to a respectable position in society acquiro the habit ofdrink ing from a love of tihe vice itself. 'lThe principal cause which induces thlem to con tract it is sorrow. Anothler cause, tlhough us a far loss degree, originates in the habit of certain medical men frequently admin istoring alcohol as medicine. MEy opinion on the former point received a full corobora tion" from b remnakc made to mo by tihe lato Mr. Gilbort Abbott A'Boclkeott, mangistrate at the oSouthlwark polieo- eourt:-"l~For some timeo after I was appointed to that court," lo said, "nothing puzzloeld me me ore than the launguago made use of by irreclaimable femnlo drunklards when in the state of soblrioty. Vlhenundeor the offects of intoxi cation, langunge of thle foulest description seomed perfectly natural to them; but as soon as the effect of the spirits had gone off, and they woro penitent, tlheir gramnitar was good, their lainguage admirably closon, and ileoir general tone of thlinking appeared to be irreproachablo. After frequent in quiries, however, I found that most of those womeon had formerly occupied a decent position in society; but sorrow, occasionoed possibly by their own improper bIoelhaviour, haid inlduced them to apply to drink for con solation, and the effects were tlhat the natural habits of the woman when in a state of intoxication became completely reversed, and the Ianguage and bohaviour, which wore thon habitual to her, wereutterly ro pugnant to her feelings when sober." As proofs of tihe difficulty it reclaimed drunkard has in avoiding the temptation of drink, even when feeooling tohe strongest desire to do so, tile two following eases may be considered as in point: A gentleman connected with the, Gity Missioe about two years since gave a lecture on temperance at the Portland Hall, in tlhe Edgowaro Road. VWheon he had finished hIis lecture and was about to leave the room, ho noticed one of hIis audionco-a tall powerfitl, soldier-looking man, between forty and fifty years of ago-eyeing him attentively. Mr. S., the missionary, immediately, stopped, thinking the man perlaps wished to spoeak wilth him. For some moments the man ap peared to hositato; but at last, when no one was near them, ho advanced to the lecturer and said, "I hope, sir, you will not be offonded at thle liberty I am about.t toake, but I want you to do me a very great favour. I am an army pensioner, and married to as good a wife as ever man had; but some years ago, when my regiment was in Indin, I foolishly took to driulnkig, and I also sufferod from the sun-stroke. I was very ill in consequence, and was confined to tlhe hospital for somen time. WhoenI arrived in England I determined to become a sober tian, and tool the pledge. Feor somoe timo I keopt it very well, flattering myself that I had completely brolken throngl the Ihabit of drinting. Tlei first day, howevor, I hlnd to receive miy ponsioni, I found I hIad made a mistake, fbr I met some old comrades, who invited me to a public- houso , and, not liking to refutse, I wont with them, and the result was thlat I carne hIomo to my chlildren far moro like a madman tthan a drunklcard. Woll I determined this should never occur again, and that nothing for. the future shlold induce me to enter a lpublic-lhoso. I flitlfifully kept my word till my next pon sion wvas due, and then, as Iloeft sy house in the morning to fetch it, my wife said to mo, 'take care, John dear, and do not be tempted to oentor a public-house. You are as good a hulsband as over lived, when you are sober; but since your illness, you knIow your brain cannot stand drink.' I promised her I would not, and wai returning hIome with my money safe enoughl in my pocket, lhaving taken care to avoid mooeeting with any of my old comrades, whoen I found that to lpass a public-house with my pension was imlossible. I gave way to the temptation and entered one, resolving at the sanmo time that I would only taklo one glass; but that one glass bronght the desire for another; and the result was, tlhat I became mad drunk, and every shilling of tlh6 pension I hIad-recoived I either spent or was robbed of beforo I returned hIomo. Nor did it end thoro. My wifo received me without any anger or 1rovocativo remark, but sirmll" asked moeto go to bed, saying I should be bettor the next day. Somichow I took this as an aflfront, and it ended in my brutally assaulting her. The next day, of course, I bergged my wife's pardon, nnd althoulgh sheo had suffeorcd grontly, slhe readily forgave me. From that time till my next pension was. duo I was never onco intoxicated, although I frequently had mnoney about me; and singularly enough, it is only whon I have my ponsion-monoey in my pocket that this temoptation comes over me. Now, it will beo dueo to-morrow, and if yon will go with me to receivo it I will place it in your hands the I moment it is paid, and we ivill return home together, and you shall give it to my wife. If you do not, I know it will snd as before; for wheno the fit comes on I cannot help it." Mr. S-- met him the next day as he requostod, and as soon as tho pensioner had received thl. money ho placed it in his hands, and they returned togother to tho man's lodgings. The poor woman expressed horself most gratefil to Mr. S- for the trouble he had taken, and spoko of her husband in the highost terms, stating that he was as good a man as over lived when sober, and that the temptation to drink never came over him unless he Ihad his pension-money in lis pocket. The next time the money was due Mr. S-- again mot him, and the wholo passed off in the saino satisfactory manner. -Ori the third occansion, however, Mr. S- was unfor tunately absent from London, and the pensioner went alone for his money, and returned homo in the ovening brutally intoxicated, aind raving litke a madman. His wife, seeing the condition lhe was in, attempted to persuado himn to go to bed and sleep it off. This irritated him to such an extent that, taking thie kettle of boiling water from the fire, hlie throw it at his wife, whoie hold in her arms a fine little boy of about eighteen months old, to lwhom tlhe unhappy man was hIimself tenderly attached. Both mother and child wore frightfully scalded, and had to be taken to the hospital, and the drunkard was placed in thle lhands of thIe police. The poor woman and hlier child remained for some time banging between lifo and death; at last both for tunatolj, recovered, but the infant was dis figured for life. The husband was com mitted for trial, found guilty, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with ihard labour. lie did not, howeover, work out the wlholo tino of his punishment, for sorrow anid remorso for his conduct, and tihe treat mont his darling child hald received at liris own Ihands, added to the effect that solitary confinement frequently oxeorcises on .time mind, brought on lunacy, and the poor follow is now an inmate of a convict lunatic asylum. The other case I slall mention is that of a woman, and is siingular in proving how strong occasionally thie spirit of integrity may be in tihe poor creature who has faillen a victim to the vice of drinking. A lady of ny acquaintance was in want of a nurse for hier children, and on looling down the list of advertisements in the Times newspauper her eye was arrested by one which seemed to point to a person of a most oligible description. It was that of a woman, forty years of ago, with five years' oexcellent clharactr from hier last place. The adver tisomemt was answered, and the applicant made her appearanc. She was a stout, handsome woman, very respectably dressed, and with a remarkably good-natured expros sion of countenanco. Tle lady with whom she ihaid last lived unfortunately resided at Abergavonny; but tlhe woman said slh had no doubt all questions put to iher would be answered. The address was tiaken, and tihe letter written for the woman's clharamcter. Thie answer was of the most satisfiatory des cription; indeed one or two expressions in it wore of so laudatory a description, tlhat sus picion might naturally hlavo been aroused as to their being genuine. The lady, however, was satisfied; but not so hier husband, and ahtlough the woman was engaged, he deter mined to make inquiries on.thIe subject. A friend, who was going into Wales, promised hlie would do so for him. The charactr, as tie husband had expectod, turned out to be a filso one, and the person who had given it, although of most honest and sober repu tation, was thIe wife of a journeyman.car pontor. There was every reason to suspect she was the nurse's sister. WVith this letter in his hand the husband confronted the wonaR11. "Well, sir," she said, "tI acmknowledge tlhat the character was not a genuine one; still I lived for five years in tie family of Sir - -- , and if you- like to make inquiries there, you will find that what I slhall now toll you is correoot. I loft the family to be married to the coachman; who treated me so badly, that one day, to console myself, I drank till I became intoxicated, and both my husband and myself were im mediately dismissed." Tho gentleman wrote to Sir -. - who, in reply, informed him that the woman's statomont was substantially corroot; but tllhat both she and her husband (from whom she was now separated) had been several times intoxicated. It was true that slho had boon fivb years in hlis service, and he had sinco heard that slhe. had beon oro claimod, and was now a very sober woman. All this was satisfactory, so far. as it wont, and the woman was allowed, to remain, and a bettor ser vant never ontered a hobtiseo. At last, when her first quarter's wages woro due, she requested to be allowed a day's holiday, stating that sle wished to redeem some of her things, which were in pawn. Permission was, of course, given her, and she lofth about eloven o'clock in the day, with the strict injunction to return before toen in the evening. But ten o'clock came, oloven, and then midnight, and still the woman did not malkeo her appearanco, and afteor waiting for some time longor the family wont to bed, giving up all thought of her roturn. About noon the next day sheo came back, stupidly drunk and her clothes covered with mud. As it was impossible to roeason withl her in that state, she was allowed to stagger up stairs to bed, her mis tress determining slhe should leave the house as soon as she was sufficiently recovered. In tht evening thd poor woman descended to her mistress in a most penitent mood, and implored to be forgiven. She said she remembered taking her things out of pawn, and feeooling fatigued she hlad gone into a public-house; but from that moment she remembered nothing, and what hlad become of her clothes she know not. Sho promised foitlthfilly tlhat whoen her wages again became due shel would leave them with her mistress, to invest for hler in the savings-bankr, adding, " as long as I have no monoy of my own, ma'am, I feeol no temptation to go into a poablic-house; but if I have, I cannot resist entering one." The woman was forgiven; and another three months passed over without a single fault lieing found with her. As she had promised, she loft her wagos in the hands of her mistress, who invested them for her in thoe savings-bank. Three more months passed in an equally satisfilotory manner, and the morning her wages were due she told her mistress she would like to have one sovereign of tho'money to purchase a pair of boots. "Take care what you are about," said the lady. "Rlomemnber what you said, that if yeou had money in your pocket you could not keeoop out of the public-house." "Very true, ma'am," was the reply; "but I wanted to ask if you will allow tile hlousemiid to go with me, for then I should be in no danger." Her mistress applauded her prudent reso lution, hnd the housemaid and nurse left the houso together. It was eleven o'clock at night before they returned homo. Both were drunk ! Indignant at suchl behaviour, her mistress resolved that she should leave the house the next day, and that she would take no excuse. She Ihad no difficulty on this occasion, for the next morning the niurse came to her, perfectly penitent, and addressed her in those words: "I am not a going to ask you to forgive me this time; as a lady you could not do it. No person has tried to break themselves off drinking hiarder than I have, but it is stronger than I am. Thero is nothing in the world but the work hiouse before me, and I may as well go to it at firstas at last." Notwithstanding the terrible influence the drinking mania had over this poor woman, it was inoperative on her natural integrity. During the whole time she had beeh in her situation shoe lhad not only abstained from using her employer's money to purchlase spirits, but never on a single occasion had she been known to taste the wine belonging to the family, which was frequently under ier care. As a proof how strong this temptation may be, oven in a strong-minded man, the case of Mr. - may be mentioned. DHe was a member of one of tile first families in Scotland, and a young man of independent fortune. He had secretly acquired the vice of drinkling, and it had taken firm hold upon his constitution belore his faimily succeeded in detecting it. He was naturally of a very gentlemanly and amiable disposition; but when intoxicated hie was more like a maid man than a sane person; hIis language aind behaviour on those occasions beiiig of tihe most disgraceful description. With a view of curing him of this habit, hIis friends placed him under the care of a physician residing at South Kensington. He hiad great personal liberty given him, but, at the same time, was watched to see thalt he did not enter a public-house, for it was in those establishmoents that hlie generally miscon ducted himself. To make security, doubly esure, Iemwas never allowed to have money with hIim when he left home. For some time his behaviour was perfectly irreproach able;' so much so that at last the physician said to him, " Mr. - , it is a most painful thing to mo not to allow you to have any money in your pocket when you leave home. If you will pledge me your honour as a g?ntleman that you will not enter a pulblic-housoi you may have any sum you wish.'" "I give you my word of hionour, doctor," roplied Mr. - , "that Iwillnot enter a public-house, and I lshould feel obliged to you if you will allow me to have ten ponnds." The money was given to him. About mid-day Ihe :quitted the house, and it was oxpected that he would return home to the family dinner at seven o'clock. He did not make his appearance, however, and as he was generally very punctual his absence caused the doctor considerable uneasiness, and after waiting nearly an hour the family dined without him. During thie whole evening the worthy doctor remained in a state of great anxiety, wondering what lihad become of his patient. It was past midnight before he made his appearance, and then with such a changed countenance that it perfectly terrified the doctor. Mr. S. had left in the morning in high spirits and perfect good humour: when he returned he was pallid as a ghost,' with iutonse and painful anxiety expressed on his features. Before the doctor could ask what lhad caused his absence, Mr. S. thrust his hand into his pocket, and takling from it the ten sovereigns which had been given to him in the morn ing, hlie threw them on the table saying: " Take back your money, doctor; I will have nothing more to do with it, for I.noveor passed such a dreadful day in my life. From the time I left home to the present moment, the temptation to enter a public nouse was so strong on me that several times I stood outside the door of one for lhalf-an- hour together, trying to summon up power to leave it. Fortunately, I succeeded; but I will never be placed under the same temptation again, unless you will withdraw from me all restriction. I will not, I assure you, enter a public-house if I can restrain myself; but to submit to a day of the same torture again I will not." Shortly after thie poor fellow became a confirmo:l lunatio and had to be placed under confinement. Tho most terrible cases of the eccentric action of the brain caused by the excessive use of alcohol are perhaps those where strong-minded men have determined to cure themselves of the vice. The tenacious manner in which temptation frequently clings to theor, and thefearful struggles the victims make to relieve themselves from its thraldom, havesomethiig in them savouring of the romantic. Indeedthey are occasionally suech as would have formed a strong founda tion for those monkish traditions of the middle eges, in which men are represented as having sold themselves to the fiend in return for some temporary happiness or success, and then tiring of their bargain and vainly attempting to withdraw from the contract. The most remarkable instance in this respect is the phantom that opposes the wish of the victim to return to sobriety, and actually forces him, against all his efforts and will, to continue the hiabit of drinking, until it ends in his death. I will give two or three of these cases, out of many whicl have boon at different times brought under my notice. Mr. Ci-,- a young.Englishman of large fortuno and vast expectations, resided about twenty years since in the city of Milan. He was a kind-hearted, amiable, and liberal young follow, but unfortunatoly an incur ablo drunkard. He became enamourod of a young Italian lady, of a good but poor family, and he made an offer for her hand. Considerable opposition was shown by her family to the match, solely on account of the imtomperato habits of her suitor, and his violent conduct oihen under tile influence of drink; but the young lady herself was so fully persuaded of the sufficiency of her power over him to cure him of the folly, and perhaps dazzled at tile prospect of a brilliant match, that at last all opposition was with drawn and consent was given to the mar ringe. Among the guests invited was a certain English physician, who was attached to the suite of a nobleman then travelling in Italy. Ho refused the invitation, candidly admitting as his reason that he considered the poor girl was about to be consigned to a life of misery, in consequence of the intem perate habits of her future husband. After the wedding was over, and his opposition could be of no avail, hlie became a frequent visitor at the house, and a great favourite with both husband and wife. For some time Mr. G- conducted himself with great propriety, and hlis friend, the doctor, on leaving Milan for two months, congratu lated him on the improvement of his con diuct. On the return of the physician to Milan, he called on Mr. G- , whIo re coived him with a most sorrowfiul, downcast countenance. The doctor inquired the cause of the melancholy, and Mr. G- frankly admitted that shortly after his departure tihe passion for drink had returned, and that in a fit of drunken madness he had seriously and dangerously assaulted his wife. The police lhad interfered, and the result was that a legal separation had taken place be tweon G- and his wife, and he was threatened with a lengthened imprisonment should he again in any way importune or molest her. "I am very happy to see you again," said Mr. G---, "for I am sure you will act as my friend in the matter, and use your in fluence to effect a reconciliatioq between myself and my wife." ,,I am exceedingly sorry to refuse you," replied the doctor; "but at the same time I must positively do so, for I consider it better for the welfare of both of you that you should continue separated, otherwise I am certain that in one of your drinking fits you will do her some great injury, if not worse." "I pledge you my word of honour as a gentleman," said Mr. G- , ' that if you will malke peace between us, I will never taste a drop of spirits again." "I do not doubt your good intentions; but strong as they may be, your habit of drinkingis stronger." " Only try me," said Mr. G----; "name any time you like for the experiment, and see if I do not keep my word." " Well," replied the doctor, " I am going with his lordship for six weeks to his villa on Lake Como; and when I return, ifI find you have kept your word, I will see what I can domin bringing about a reconciliation be tween you and your wife." The doctor again left Milan, and returned at the appointed time. His first visit was, of course, to his friend Mr. G- , whom he found at home, and who appeared delighted to see him. "!Doctor," said he with great glee, "I have faithfully kept my word, and now you must keep yours. I pledged you my word of honour that I would not taste any spirits, and I have not done so since you left; and now, asyou promised, you must try your influence on my wife." "VWhero is she now ?" "She is in Florence, but will, I under stand, return in about a fortnighlt." ''As soon as. she returns," said the doctor, "I will call on her, and see what I can do." The conversatidn then turned on other subjects, when :Mr. G--- inquired of the doctor if he knew Count Lanzfeld, the head of the police. "Yes, I know him very well," said the doctor; "but why do you ask ? " " Because I want you to remonstrate with him on his behaviour to me; he has placed a spy on me, who follows me every wherd." '"Are you certain of it ?" inquired the doctor. "Positively certain," was the reply; " wherever I go, I find the follow watching me." "I will certainly speak to the Count for you, and this afternoon, if possible," said the doctor. Accordingly he called, and found the Count at homo, and told him his errand. "I assure you," said the Count, "Mr. G- is under a great error; no person has been set to watch him; and beyond the dread that he may again annoy his wife, the police have no anxiety on his account. Pray tell him so from me; and also ask him to point out any person who annoys him, and I will have him severely punished." The doctor communicated the result of this conversation to Mr. G-. "I hardly believe him," said Mr. G- , " for no man would dare to offer me the annoyance that follow does unless he was certain he was doing it with impunity; however, I will watch him carefully, and the next time I see him I will collar him and hand him over to the police." SFor two days nothing further transpired on the subject; but on thie third evening-a beautiful moonlight night,--tho doctor was walling homo with his friend, when sud denly the latter stopped, and exclaimed "Doctor, there he is now !-now we will catlch him; he went into this doorway." The doctor immediately darted with Mr. G- into the passage, from which there was no outlet; but there was no person there, and it was very certain no one could have entered it. "Mr. G----," said thle doctor, "you must hlave been mistaken; you did not see the man." "I saw him as plainly as I see you," he replied; "I have seen him too often to be mistalcen." "lWhat sort of a man is heo ?" asked the doctor, beginning to think that Mr. G was suffering under some hallucination. "He is a tall thin man," replied Mr. G-, "dressed entirely in black. He wears throee black studs in his shirt, and always carries a glove ins his right hand." "Always ?" inquired the doctor. "Yos, always," was the reply. The doctor immediately cane to thile con clusion that Mr. G- was suffering under some delusion, and he resolved to trace it to its source. A weeook had yet to elapse before tihe expected arrival of Mr. G-'s wife. In thie meantime the doctor began to be con siderably alarmed about his friend, so pertinaciously did the phantom pursue him. G - stated.that night and day he had no peace, and that he could see the man looking through the window-blinds at night as he lay in bed. This, of course, the doctor knew to be a delusion; but that there might be no mistakle in the mattei, he requcested the officer of a detachment of Austrian troops to allow a sentinel to keep watch round Mr. G----'s house, and especially to markl if any strangers approached it; and if so, of what description they were. Tile soldier reported that during the first night not a person had attempted to approach the house. The doctor then inquired of M[r. G- whether he had been annoyed the night before. "Yes," replied Mr. 0- , "the fellow " was peeping through my blinds all night long." The doctor was now fairly puzzled what to do. At last Mr. G--'s excitement and terror increased to such an extent that the doctor determined on going to Florence to ask his wife to come back; hoping that her presence might, to a certain degree, neutral ise the effect the phantom seemed to have upon him. Mrs. G-, now perfectly willing to be reconciled to hler husband, immediately left Florence with thile doctor for Milan. On their arrival, however, they found that a terrible change had taken place; Mr. G--- receiving his wife in the most unklind manner; upbraiding her for her conduct in having left him, and thlreatening her with personal violence if she attempted to ap preach the house again. The doctor had no difficulty in perceiving that Mr. G- was intoxicated at the time; and he inquired of the servants how the change lhad come over their master, having left him under the resolution to keep sober. They told him, in reply, that no sooner had hle left Milan, than the phantom never quitted their master night nor day. He asserted that it no longer looked through the window-blinds, but stood by his bed-side. Mr. G- could support the torture no longer, and one night, in a fit of desperation seizing a sword, he followed thle phantom, which fled from room to room. The servants, aroused by the noise, went to their master's assistance, and found him, in his night- dress, stabbing the clothes on the bed through and through with hIis sword, calling out that tle follow had hidden himself there, and that he was determined hle should annoy him no longer. The servants took the sword from his hand, anid MIr. G--- fainted from the effects of his exertion. A medical man was im mediately sent for, who, noticing the exhausted condition of his patient, ordered him a glass of brandy. '"No sooner had Mr. G- tasted the spirits than hle exclaimed, "I am all right again; the fellow has gone." The next day the phantom again made its appearance, and the medical man being sent for, ordered a repetition of the glass of brandy, and again the phantom vanisheld. Having now found the means of relieving himself from the terrible persecution which followed him, every time the phantom appeared Mr. 0- took a similar quantity of brandy, and it vanishled. His habit of intoxication had commenced again, and whoen under the influence of spirits he was aperfectmaniac. Frequently, however, when sober, he would implore the doctor to get him reconciled to his -"·, r, the poor follow was ardently attachtd te ' - . .ntI t1i police The doctor of coui-rr l. r. G- now were-. obligpjl attempt to relinquish his habit ma~?flking, but it was impossible; the phantom never left him night or day. Its identity was so perfect that hlie would implore it, in the most piteous accents, to cease the persecution, but without the slightest effect. The phantom stood before him, with its cold, frigid glance, gazing at him with a look almost of indifference on its countenance, and, as usual, always holding its glove in the right hand. A consultation of medical men was now held, when it was considered that the best thing that could be done for the unhappy man would be to persuade him to leave Italy and reside in some place on the Con tinent whore he could have the benefit of sea-bathing. Boulogne, in France, was chosen as his place of residence, and hlie went there, the doctor thinking that the change of scene might restore him to sanity. For a short time after hlis arrival a most beneficial change certainly took place in him, and he recovered both strength of mind and body. A temporary fit of illness having somowhat weakened him, the plhantom again made its appearance, nor would it quit him until he again took to drinking. It continued per-. secuting him night and day, till at last, at thirty-two years of age, the poor fellow fell a victim to a phantom conjured up by the effects of his immoderate drinkling. A somewhat similar case occurred in Bel gravia during last winter. A gentleman had engaged a butler, whoso character for integ rity and sobriety for many years had been an excellent one; but during the last six months he had not been in a situation, having attempted to start an inn with his savings, but had not been successfol. For some time the man's conduct was of a most exemplary description. One night one of the young ladies, in a state of great alarm, entered the bedroom of the governess, and informed her thlat shloe had seen a light pass her bedroom door, and lhad hoard a footstep ascending tihe stairs. The lady tloughlt she had merely been dreaming, and advised her to go to bed again, and nothing more was said on the matter. The little girl, however, was fully persuaded that shloe hlad not booeen in error, and resolved to watch again the next night, and at the same hour she saw the light pass hler room, and heard tie stop again ascending the stairs. She immediately went to the governess, and tlhis time informed her that she was certainly not deceived, and requested the lady to arise from hler bed and judge for hlorself. The governess immo diatoly arose, and throwing a dressing-gown over hler, stood at the partially open door, and in a short time she perceived a light descending the stairs, and directly after wards the butler, carrying a candle in hlis hand, made hlis appearance. It was difficult for hler to judge whether the man was asleep or awake; his eyes were open, but he seemed in a state of intense alarm, as if under the influence of some terrible dream. lie passed her door without noticing it was open, and proceeded to the drawing-room, whichl he entered. The governess, without hesitation, followed him and found him turn ing over the sofa-cushions and moving the chairs, as if searching for something. "B-," she said, "what are you doing there ?" "I am looking for theom," he replied; "Iknow tlhey'ro somonewhero ihero, and this time I'll hlave them. They shall not csdnpo me now; I'll put a stop to this, once and for all." The governess now called for assistanco, and tile man was advised to go to boedi. On ilnqniring next mnorning, it was found that in consequonco of the misfortunes he had experioncd during the time ho was keeping the inn he had sought consolation from drinking, whiclh he had carried to an im mnodornto extont. Ho was, howeover, re solved to cure himself of it; and being a man of' strong deotormination hlo felt he had succeeodod. No sooner, however, did hloe enter on his now situation than the first night, on retiring to rest, two children placed themselves beside his ibed and con tinued staring at him. Ho was not acquaintod with thllem, and they alforded no clue to connect them with his history. Theo second and every following night they ngain mado their appearance; the poor man fool ing the while the certainty that if lhe took egain to drinking they would vanish; but he would not succumb to tlhe temptation. Night after night the same phantoms appoarod to him regularly, till lhe could support tie persecution no lodiger, and ho atteompted to drive them away, whoh hlo was detected by the young lady anud the govern ass. Whal t was the termination of his case I ]know not. Doubtless he either became insane or returned to his drinking habits: all I know is, it was found impossible to retain him in his situation. Tue last case I shall mention is even moro terrible than either of those already given. A lady called one morning on Dr. F- , a physician who was celebrated for his profound knowledge of diseases con nected with the brain, and consulted him about her husband. Slhe informied the doctor, without the least attempt at conceal ment, tlhat her husband had formerly been the captain of a ship in the East India Com pany's service, and that unfortunately lihe had acquired habits of groat intemporance. In consoquence of some act which hlie had committed wheni intoxicated, and whichl was little to his credit, he becamo so disgusted with tlhe degrading exhibition he lhad made of liimself, that he resolved nothing should again tempt him to touch spirits, and he had since adhored strictly to his resolution. Hle felt thle temptation occasiorially come over him, however, very strongly; still he would not yield to it. At last, when there appeared to be every prospect of his becoming a reformed character, his wife noticed lie had become very uneasy, as if something was weighing on his mind of which hlie did not like to inform her. She pressed him upon the point, and he told her that every night lie had the same dream. A little old woman, with a red cloak and red petticoat, appeared to him, and gazed at him intently. Somehow he got the idea, that if ho again commenced drinlking, she would leave him; but nothing would induce him to alter his resolution. The phantom, at last, exoercised so strong an influence upon him, that even during the day-time hlie had the blood-red colour of tlhe cloak and petti coat she wore continually before his eyes. The lady told the doctor that she was afraid her husband was going out of his mind, and asked him what steps he had better take to .....timsorry to tell you," said the dactoir, "the case is a most serious one; and if the greatest precautions are not used, it is extremsly probable your husband will com mnit suicide. You must watch him narrow ly, and prevent it if possible. My advice to you is, to take him abroad immediately-to the south of Italy, or somewhere else-so that he may have a total change of scene; and the sooner you go the better." The lady promised to follow the advice of thse doctor; and without informing her husband of her reasons, she earnestly pressed him to take her for a trip into Italy; adding at the same time, she was sure it would benefit his health as well. He agreed to her request, and preparations were made for their departure. When the day arrived for them to start, and the carriage was at tihe door to take them to the railway station, he suddenly stopped, and told his wife to wait a moment, as hlie had left something in his bedroom. A few minutes afterwards she hoard the report of a pistol, and on rushing up-stairs, found to her horror that her husband had shlot himself. Should the few facts I have mentioned make any impression on the mind of the reader, I sincerely trust he will not be con tented witlhout investigating thle question further. Let him inquire of any oexpori onced medical man of his acquaintance, whether the facts I have alluded to are not of every-day occurrence. For my own part I have but one test of the evil of drinlking, either in a greater or less degree; and that is of Scripture origin: "Therefore by their fruits shall ye know them." If the mature fruits of a tree produce effects such as I have named, what must be the value and cquality of the plant itself ?-Good Words. 