ENGLISH SPORTING NE V7S [fbom ora ovy coaazaposDzsr.j Loxdox, 26th February, 186a After an unusually dull ' recess,' from the lack of excitement and sensational operations amongst the professors of metallics in regard to coming events, we have at last fairly set the ball a-rolling once more, for Lincoln U now — what Northampton used to be in the gooo. old nmes— the opening fixture of the racing season proper. It is difficult to say why speculation should have been Ies3 brisk this winter on the Guineas and the Derby, unless it be a further sign of the increasing preference amongst backers for seeing the numbers up before they put 'the pieces' down. Then again there are no sensational dark 'uns this time such as we had last year in Bread albane and Broomielaw, for The Stabber is the only dark horse that has threatened to ' come' anything like ' hot,' aad now his ill-omened name is seldom heard, either at 'The Club' or 'The Gate.'. .Tho. Bribery and Midsummer colts, who were written up at one time, and prophecied by Abe false pro phets as the 'real grit,' have latterly drooped away into the cold shade of the veritable outside division.' Mr. Merry's Derby Champion, Student, looks consider ably more healthy than when I wrote last It is undeniable that Student was i?iw(fc-ated (having been sent down for o term), but many of his friends were terribly afraid at one time lest he should have been expelltd from Messrs. Tatteraall's school altogether. He is, however, as I said before, considerably firmer than he was, and those who pretend to exclusive in formationabouttheBussley Stable, now shake their heads mysteriously, and say 'there was something the matter, but it's all right again now;' what the 'something' was, has not transpired. The general upiuiuu vl me puuuc . as w- me pro babilities of the forthcoming Derby goes to show that if Mr. Siitton had kept Rustic he would have had the game in his own hands ; for while the partisans of the Danebury chestnut maintained that he ' can't lose,' and that 'he's tho soundest horse in England,' the followers of the ' Berkshire bay' are just as positive in their affirmations that Mr. Sntton made no mis take, and that it's 'a guinea to a shilling on 'the Lord' the against lout' Neither Janitor nor Redan is as firm as at my last time of writ ing, but Blue RibandandAnguste are backed quietly but persistently, while among the outsiders Laveret, Strathconan, and Wolsey are most frequently enquired after. From private information I fancy Strathconan most likely to prove a profitable invest ment Fifty-nine acceptances out of the 42 sub scribers to the Liverpool Steeplechase speak well for the handicap, ranging as it did from I'Africain (why all our snortinc papers choose to print this animal'* name l'Afri caine, as if 'this here nigger' was a negress, is more than I -an tell) 13st 21b, down to the score of ten- stunners, of which Real Jam stood at the head. One dangerous com petitor was removed the other day when old Emblem broke down as she did in an exer cise gallop with George Stevens on her back. This famous mare, undeniably one of the very best bits of stuff that ever crossed a country, will now, together with her sister, Emblem atic, return to Lord Coventry's harwt an Croome. Thus Balder remains the sole re presentative of the lucky brown jacket at Liverpool, and he is nothing like good enough for the task. L'Africain will be sure to be very forward with all the weight, but can hardly win. Lord Poulett is very dangerous with Cortolvin, and Junellay, but the public fancy now is decidedly Laura, an Irish bred mare, by Bandy out of Legacy, and trained in France. We were informed the other day that Mistake, who is also being trained on tho continent for the Liverpool, had broken down, and yet on Monday last he was backed at 25 to 1, 'for money.' Some few persons who affect to see a trifle farther into a milestone than their neighbours, say that Mr. Angell has got a ' clinker' in Rhodomontade, who has been tried to be ' two stone better than Al cibiade,' the winner last year. One of tho Irish division informed me not a week ago that they had got on the other side of the Channel ' the best horse that ever started tor it ; but as my informant wa3 unable or unwilling to communicate to me the name of the wonder in question, I received the intelligence ' cum grano salu.' Death has again been busy amongst the sporting men this month, both of high and low degree. Very soon, indeed, after General Charritie, with whom, although a few years his junior, he was contempo raneous,' that kind-hearted, cheery, and thorough good sportsman, Captain John White, was taken from among us. Born some ten years before the commencement of the present century, Captain White has been taking a prominent part in sporting matters till within the last few months. For up wards of half a century the name of John White has been associated intimately with every description of sport Wo find him credited with a winning mount as a gentle man rider some 43 years since, but when ho was himself fast approaching thnt indistinct stratum iu the human existence known as 'middle-aged,' for he was upwards of five and-thirty. Then he was an 'old Mel tonian,' in tho days of Assheton Smith and Osbaldeston, ' when theie were giants in the land,', and when those heroes found a worthy Thucy didesin 'Nimrod' to record their feats. In early life Captain White had a perfect pa3sion for hunting, and no one could go better than he did, while few understood tho beauties and the niceties of tho ' noble science' so well as he did. A nice weight, a lino horseman, withacapital head-piece,and greut determina tion at a finish, there was not a gentleman jockey of his day more eagerly sought after than Captain White, but his performances in this line' wore, I believe, confined to 'tho flat, ( as ho never rode across country except in. the legitimate manner, i.e., when thcro was a pack of hounds before him. As a master of hounds ho gave great satisfaction during several seasons that ho retained tho management of the Cheshire. 'Some forty years ago, when old George tho , Third was king,' cock-fighting was a popular diversion and ' Jack Black?'— as hu friends used to call him — merry phiz was as welcome nnd as constantly to bo found at tho cockpit as by the cover-sido or tho racecourse. Tlio memoirs just published of the sportiug Cheshire squire relate that ho was wont to boast that he had done everything except go up in a balloon, and that was very nearly comiug off, as ho had' on one occasion promised to escort a young lady on an aerial excursion, but at the last minute ' ' mamma ' put in her veto, and the Captain was compelled (to 'pay forfeit' Of late years Captain White has turned his at tention almost czclusiv*lyto'racingmat!tr8, and although his 'pink and black' jacket has never l-een particularly lucky, he has been, connected with some of the leading stables of rtbese-htter^.dayV'.'to their-benefit,- no doubt, as well as to hhown. ,. During Mr XaylorV brilliant j but brief blaze :, of triumph, .who 'should lead back Feu-de-joie and Maccaroni,' after they had re3pectiy carried oft - the Oaks and the Derby, but Captain White. After this, but before GoddingV train hod, bejjun to 'pile their ineffectual fires,' he' transferred the benefits of his skill and ex perience to Lord Stamford's stud, and here, we find the only page in a sportsman's life of four-score years, which we could wish expunged, ' De mnrliiU nil nisi bonum,' but one cannot help regretting that John White's name was ever mixed up with the very questionable re-purchase of Cambuscan and Archimedes at Lord Stamford's mysterious ' Reserved Sale.' John White is gone,how ever, and few such good sportsmen are left behind. Another chief actor on our turf stage, but in a lower rank of life, has also passed away. I allude to Sam Day, the jockey. It is almost difficult to believe that the jockey who was quite in the first rank of his profession in the days of Buckle and Goodison, Chifney and Robinson, and who won his first Derby five and-forty years ago on Gustavus, should have been the same whom, not so very many years since, we saw iand Pyrrhus the First a winner of the same race, and steer the beautiful greyhound-shaped1 Mendicant to victory in the Oaks ; yet so it 'b, and the gallant old veteran has but jnst snccumld after survivinc almost every friend and com panion of his own generation. From the humble cottage 'of the superan nuated jockey to the lordly mansion of the racing peer, is but a slight step for ' the old man with the scythe,1^ and so we find that on the 20th inst, and when within a few oays oi naving completed nis lorty-nrsc year, Lord Clifden breathed hi3 last His lordship, it will be remembered, purchased the late Lord George Bentinck's stud, and was for tunate enough to win the Derby and St. Leger in 1843 with Surplice, a bril liant commencement which his subse quent turf cateer failed to maintain, Poodle, relion, Roman Candle, and Melissa being the most worthy representatives of the subse quently ' all straw' interest Lord Clifden had retired from the turf some time ago ; in deed his condition of health had been hope less from softening of the brain. Hi3 lord ship's successor, the present Viscount, is three years of age. Another well-known turfite, Lord Mill town, is also dead. A staunch supporter of the Irish turf, he was tolerably often repre sented in England some years ago, but not so much latterly. He owned Cruiskeen, the winner of the first Cesarewitch Stakes, and with the same mare won the Chester Cup in 1841\. Subsequently 'he brought out the Leprechaun, Duc-an-Dhurras, Colleen Bawn, etc., and he owned a large share in Runs borough. Lord Milltown was a cripple from his birth, having literally no legs. He was always carried about From the dead sportsmen let U3 turn, how ever, to the living ones and their doingi The Welshmen of Carmarthenshire commenced their annual Hunt week on the 6th of Feb ruary, and certainly it was the best meeting ever held there, or, I might add, in the prin cipality. The course had been altered, and the villainous banks, which were positively insurmountable to anything but a Welsh or a Devonshire horse, were done away with. The consequence was that some really good English horses came to contend foi the open steeplechases, including Goldfinder, The Roadster fate Shropshire), Acrobat, Princess Dagmar, etc Goldfinder was a very warm favourite for the Open Handicap on the first day, butthe race, which was run at a good pace all the way, was left at last to Roadster and a darkey called Daisy, and described as 'by Hercules out of Ho3e,' but who Hercules was and who Rose wa3 deponent sayeth not. At any rate, the race between this pair was a magnificent one, and terminated in favour of Daisy by ahead. Such a struggle is well worthy of a journey into Wales. On the second day (which was the 8th,. the inter vening one being devoted to hunting), the 101b penalty on Daisy told its tale, and he had to strike his colours to Arlescott Altogether the gathering among the mountains was most successful. Mon day, 12th February, was dedicated to the Birmingham Steeplechases, at least those that are coiled tbe 'Birmingham,' though in IV^UbJT UiCJf VUUltS gu tlb U IJ11MJO UUUCU Sutton Coldtield-wibout half-an- hour by rail from Birmingham. The chief event on the opening day wa3 the Erdington Plate, for which Lord Poulett's Benazet was made the favourite. His Lordship also hod Ace of Hearts engaged, and to this pair were op posed eight animals of moderate calibre, so moderate indeed that Lord Poulett's two cantered in alone. Ou the second day Benazet pulled off the Licensed Victuallers' Plate, and Ace of Heart.3 was spotted by the public to win the Open Steeplechase, but those who had been to Carmarthen, and had seen how well Mr. WadloVa Roadster (so called be cause when not in training they drive him in a trap) performed with Daisy, took 0 to 1 very kindly about Mr. Wadlow's horse, who won in a trot, the favourite coming home Be cond. All obstacles to steepleehasing in the im mediate vicinity of the metropolis, excepting such as result from the natural humidity of the climate of the British Isles, tho ' Harrow Spring Meeting' was brought off on the 15th and 16th inst under the fostering auspices of those well-known officials Messrs. VerralL Marshall, andMHSeorgo. The opposing in fluences were the rain and the mud which, the latter especially, was 'a caution,' though it did not deter tho youthful Duke of Hamilton from making his debut on this the classic ground of stceplcchasing, calling to mind as it does visions of Lottery, Gay lad, Jerry, poor old Elmore, the elegant Jem Mason (siid to be in a bad state of health, poor fellow), and a host of other quadrupeds and bipeds. A brown geld ing, by Bolingbroke, won the Harrow Plate on the first day, Princess Dagmar, beautifully piloted by GeorgeHolman, running very gamely and well, but she was unable to give away a stone to a great power ful horse like tho Bolingbroke gelding, par ticularly in such deep ground. On the Friday Bolingbroke was entered for tho Selling Hunters' litakes, to bo sold for 50 sova He won this cosily, and after the race was knocked down to Sir. J. Pagp for' 220 guineas, Mr. Stebbings, under the new rule of racing, gettiiig one-half tho ex cess of the price, or about £85 ! With the exception of Arlescott, they were a sorry lot that' went to the post to opposo Princess Dagmar, in the Open Chase, and as he fell andinjured himself so badly aa to bring his racing career to a close, there was really nothing at last to oppose _tho Princess, who won as Bhe liked, Johnnie finishing second, and Tho Rogue third. The rest o£ tho events were mere leather-flapping. After ono of tho mildest winters on' record, Jack Frost put in an appearance on the 17th inst, Lincoln being fixed for Tuesdiy, the 20th. Of course everybody said it was ' just like the Lincoln luck,' and propheciod boldly that, as. was the case last year, the racing would have to bo postponed. ? Happily tho visitation was in a very mild form, uut still it continued on Sunday, tho 18th, and following day, aud it was only a telegram from Liucolu to the Londoners saying that the races were sure to come off, and that the weather .had been much less Beverb ju Lincolnshire than in the metropolis,' that induced tho southern division^ to make j a move. As it turned out, thcro was nothing the matter to interfere with the running, and the different events were decided, on the ap pointed days, commencing with tho Trial on Tuesday morning, ' the 20th. inst, for vrhich Old Warden and', Alberta were spotted,. ;but the. ''; bookman drew first blood, ;?' for Fobert'a Wiso Man, by Oxford out of Wise' Woman,' won easily. ?., Then ' . followed ' tho Brockleaby, the first two-yr-old race of the., season, and. for this two-and-twenty runne'ra were saddled ; Captain Christie's filly, by Dundee out of Sacrifice, with Jemmy. Grim shaw wearing tbe white jacket, was the fa vourite- at 3- to -li-and- a aweet blood-like mare to look at she is ; the next in public estimation was Mr. Chaplin's filly, Problem, by Xewminster.out of Triangle, at 100 to 15. Oddly enough both' of these favourites were bredlby Mr. Blenkiron, at Eltham.the Sa crifice-filly . having been ? purchased last year for 120 guineas; while Problem caused 700 to be 'worked out' ? of Mr. Chaplin's bankers' hands. Money was served this time, however, a3 Problem landed the Brocklesby after a most desperate race, a result as much owing to the fine riding of distance, in my opinion, as to anything else. Mr. Chaplin resides at Blankney, near Lincoln, and 'the natives' were up roarious in their delight at his success. The Lincolnshire Handicap had caused a considerable amount of very brisk specula tion, and the rush to gel on the Danebury Champion, Copenhagen, was 'prodigious.' You might have supposed ' it was over,' so enthusiastic was everybody to put down pounds, shillings, and pence on him, at the best price they could get for him, let that be what it mignt Old Saccharometer, .Mr. Hodgman's quondam Derby nag, Valiant, East Lynne, and Caithness in the same stable as Regalia, the winner of last year's Oaks, were also backed, but if you asked a disin terested opinion of anyone about either of them, tbe in variable answer was, ' No chance with Cope,' and so ' Cope' kept at the head of the poll till the time of starting. The result, however, was another, lucky, coup for the fielders, a3 Mr. Kirby's Treasure Trove, by Colsterdale or Fandango out of Secret Treasure, jumped off first and was never headed, though distance all but did him with Saccharometer on the post, notwithstanding the crusher of 9st, which the old horse carried. The fudge's fiat was in favour of Treasure Trove by a neck only, and aa his weight was only 5st 71b there can be no question about this having been a great performance of baccnarometer s to beat the other five-and-tyrenty staters so easily — there was nothing near the leading pair, though Copenhagen was placed third — and to have been so near the 'feather' at the finish. A dozen exactly started for the Hurdle Race, which was won by Mr. Savile's Clairvoyante by De Clare. On Wednesday, Tragedy, by Glenmasson, won the Blankney Handicap, . beating Ven turesome and seven others, and Joe Dawson's Pneumatic carried off the Juvenile Selling Stakes, and. was knocked down for some i'70 in advance of the selling price of £100. East Lynno was a hot favourite for the City Handicap, but he could only get second to Lord Westmoreland's Indian Star, who won cleverly, though hardly mentioned in the ring before starting. The Steeplechaso fell to Bridegroom, by Pompey, who showed himself a game, fast horse, and never gave The Rogue,: who ran second, a chance. There were several falls, and Mr. Wilmot, the rider of Contralto, was very seriously injured. During th» week there have been some steeplechases in various parts of the country ; at Hendon, where the Duke of Hamilton scored his maiden win with Ostrich in a Consolation scramble worth a score of guineas ; at Moreton-in-the-Marsh, Windsor, etc, etc., but nothing to interest your readers. ? ? ' On looking over my letter I find that lone as my obituary was it did not include one ?ood man and true who has just been taken from us ; I mean Sir Henry Peyton, son of the great 'Whip' of the last century. True to his lineage, the late Baronet was a very pretty coachman, but still more noted for his riding to hounds, which was quite Al, while his capability as a gentleman jockey was far above mediocrity. Though only 02 years of age. Sir Henry had 'lived all the dayB of his life,' and for some time had been ' quite the old man.' He is succeeded by his only son, Captain, now Sir Algernon Peyton,of the 1st Life Guards. All differences, I am happy to say, have been amicably arranged betvf een the rival Uni versities, and the Annual Boat Race from Putney to Mortlake is likely to prove more exciting than ever. The dispute, and the recriminatory arguments to which it gavo rise, has infused an animus (I suppose I mustn't call it a bitterness) into the pre sent contest which I never remember before. Both crews are already in training, and the Oxford party are so confident that they lay 2 to 1 on their boat It is to be hoped the dark blues \ri\\\ not suffer from this over weening confidence in themselves and their luck, for assuredly Cambridge, will take a deal of beating, aa under the skilful tutoring of Mr. Kinglake, her crew are already making visible progress, and although, ac cording to the most eminent authorities, Oxford, 'at this present,' has tho better crew, there is no saying what changes and chances may not effect between tnis and the day of battle. Tho great Waterloo Coursing Meeting (where' ' the Cup' is to the lovers of tho lash what the Derby is to turf men) has just been brought otf very satisfactorily, in spite of the ditches being full of water from the late heavy rains. The winner turned up in a Lancashire dog. Brigadier, quite an out sider, and one whom nis owner did not intend to run had not the chosen one gone amiss. Brigadier's career has been a chequered one, for when a puppy he was so little liked that he was sold for a couple of sovs ; and afterwards he was disposed of for 'ten bob J' The winner of the Waterloo Cup gets £500 I The P.R, is looking up more healthy than it has been any time these six years. During the Ia3t week W3 have had two rattling mills between big men. On Monday O'Baldwin, who stands O.ft 7 in., aud weighed 144 stone, met George lies, who stands only 6 ft Jim., anu weigued l^st lUlb. After light ing seven minutes the peelers interfered, and the whole posse comilutws had to betake itself to town and organise an impromptu trip down the river, where a fresh ring was speedily formed, aud two more rounds were fought, which occupied 50 minutes. By the end of this time O'Baldwin had knocked lies ' iuto a cocked hat' The latter, who took his punish ment like a brick, did his. best, but he hadn't a ghost of a chance with 'tho best big 'un we've had out for years.' O'Baldwin is universally regarded as the coming champion, for there seems to bo no one, unless it were Joe Wormald, who would have tho slightest chance with him. Rooko and Ryall met again on Thurs day last to try and adjust thoir differences, and to find out which was the better man, but after taking 34 hours, to fight nine rounds, and neither seeming capable of inflicting any serious damage upon the other, or of gaining any de finite advantage, although both were quite exhausted ana thoroughly chilled, it was agreed that they should each draw their own Btake, which was done, amid great cheering at the pluck aud science which both men had displayed. Maco and Goss still continue to make good their deposits, aud O'Baldwin has challenged Marsdeu, by whom he was beaten somo years ago. ?_?-?? Doo Snow, at Gkslono. —The exhibition of dogs held at Gcelong yesterday was a highly successful affair, tlie entries being very numerous aud every, class fairly repre sented. The attendance of tho public was large. Tho pressure upon our space, conse quent upon the arrival of tho English mail, precludes a longer notice this week. The Salmon Trout in Tasmania.— We find the following- in the Mercury: — 'The condition of the salmon trout at the River Plenty is very line.. Some of thorn now weigh a pound to a pound and -a half, aud the spawning-timo is just at hand. Tho Salmon Commissioners therefore ilesiro to have it known, tlio salmon trout ova can bo had by persouB who are ready to receive it in all parts of the colony when the spawning time arrives, but that respect must be had i» priority of application. Those intending to apply for ova, then, should lose no time. 