A MONITOR CROSSING THE ATLANTIC. The American monitor, the MiaBtonomoh, with two other United States vessels o£ war— the Augusta and the Ashuelot— have arrived at Queenstown. The Times gives the following account of the moni tor and her voyage :— ' The stranger is like nothing that has been hitherto familiar in these waters. She is not enly destitute of spars and rigging, but her hull at.a litklo distanco seems so low as barely to mark a line upon tbo water. With her broad flit base, and her confused superstructure of turrets, funnel, and hurricane deck, she might very well pass for a novel dasenpuon 01 areagimj inacniuo. Tho hull of the vessel, however, is not, as is popu larly supposed, submerged. Ab.iut SJ feet now rise abora the water; but when her aizs is token into account this height appears very insignificant. Sho is 268 feet long by 69 feet broad, of 1500 tons burthen. The shell of the vessel is, for tho most past, nn oblong box, fined away at Iho stern, and yet more sharply at tho bow, but htying in her maiu length a bottom as flat as the 6ides and top. Oct of the top of this box, or the deck (which is without bulwarks), rise two turrets, end between theso n fnnnel for smoke, and a shorter one for ventilefion. A latticed plat form also passes between them, supported upon pillars, on which, when lbs ship is at sea, all the nautical Antics are performed. Above the turrets are iron shot- proof wheelJkouses, in whioh the cap tain, pKot and helmsmea are proleoted when the ship ie in action. The £eek is perfectly fiat, and of great 'strength, having, '-exclusively of tbo beams 12 in. of thickness, tic lower layer befag G in. of timber, above which are 3 in. of iron, aud over all 3 in,-af timber again. 'Hie combiugs of tte hatchways are'of stout iron, and*! ft. high, with weather boards of aearly a foot, boius inclined outw«irdB. These arc battened dowu water-tight whcn-cat of the har bor. The sea is tlrca free to wash over the deck vxthout in tho leatft -degree affecting the comfort of those on hoard or et work, the communication be tween the platfoncand the lswerfpart of the ship 'being maintaioed'Shrougk the tutuets. Though an armored vessel, tbe monitor is not made of iron. Her framing is ?£? timber of greet stoutness. Be low ribs, 3 feet thick, and sheeAhed with copper, while from aboctS feet or 4 feefbeueath tho water line up to tlio deck her sides are of timber 7 feet thick, outside ??d. which is an -irou plating of 7 inches depth. The uppec portion of the sides, thereffore, project abeut 4£ feet below the lower -part. The jucction between the iron and tke copper ia prevented by a heavy tiiabtsr moulding ; but even that, it is said, has not beon'-iound sufficient to prevent injury to the iron by.g&lvanic; action. 'Her floor is quite flat, and in addition to her central keel she has at each angle bclov a BOi't of keel or bilge log, against which is bojno.the weight ?-£ the stays that help to support the turrets. The turrets themselves are roughly ?finished cylinders, more than 8 ft. high, ! composed'tf iron 11 in. thick, and within are 23 ft. ; in diameter. Their weigfet is principally borne by j a stoat iron spindle. Each has two Dahlgrea - gnus. (The gnn and tbeoarriage is of the enormous weight of 42,000 1b ; it is smooth bore, and throws a spherical shot of 480 lfe, or a 15 in. shell weighing! about ®€0 lb with a bcrsting charge of 10 1b of1 powder. The ordinary charge for round shot is 35 Ib.'tsit as high asfiOO lb might be used. The1 shot dfl -'stated to be elective ut a mile and thcee-; quartern distance. By those on board the voyage appears to be regarded as a porfect success. She; has ooice hither frontfNew York, having called at - Halif»n and at St. John's, Newfoundland ; and ifrom ' tho lact port she has 'Cade the voyage in ten 'days and tea hours. Grossing the Bay of Fundy, she | encountered weather' which, without amounting toi gale, -was considers^ very boisterous, bnt she Tode; through it easily. ' On the voyage to Queenstown; th« dedicator mark*5 no grater rolling tnauI7-deg.,! while 2 deg. is stated to be the average, iller paddie-wheel consorts, on the other hand, rolled to a maximum of 18 -deg. and 24 deg. respectively.. Theoueed sho attained was respectable, and, con-' gidering her build, rather surprising. Her average wae-about seven kaots an hour. Her ma&imnrn; speed would be abcut nine. There appears to be no reasou to suppose that she is not a fairly com fortable ship for sailors, notwithstanding bar sab-! caer.iion. The Mian ton om oh proceeds in a lurr dnys to ^Portsmouth, her ultimate destinatien 'uaingj Russia.' — Lloijdk:, June 24. *i£.-New Spaniee: Giundee. — Tho Madrid gorarnals' state that Admiral Mendcx Nunez is to be -created' Mcrquis of Callao. . . JB01niERyw.sc: the Wesleyax Ckapbi..— iCae df' the most impudent and singular robberies we have heard of for Boc.e time past was committed in tbe' V/esleyan church, Barker-street, daring (Tuesday, afternoon. \A tin of kerosene had been senticp hy '? KriDawson in-the early part of the afternoon, 'for line use of thens'aurch, and deposited in an enclosed' ?cpj-board. like church door was also left unlocked.1 £c the evening, when keroseuo vras reflaired for, filling up the lamps, the uewly-pnrehased itic was' foend to be*i(jnite empty. It was clear it ifcad net leaked, after delivery, as the jckoe where it' stcod was porfestly dry, and it wes equally.olaar' it -was full when received. The secret wag soon, discovered ; scull holes had been forced ic (the top and boitoc of the -tin, and tho Jberosene had fceea drawn ont and stolen. It is rctiier singular' tuo thief dul.iiot, remove the tin with cts ?contents, as drawing «off the kerosene must have been a, work of some time, and likely to lead .to apprehen sion in the net. But most probably the n-*vel method he aSpyted was to avert saspioisn while re - esOTiug his '-booty. No doubt, the thief had watched the delivery of tha tin, and wai'.ed Kio opportunity.— (Qastlemaine Daily Noitz, Aug. 116. \45,i.EVELi,ao£iKscAPB. — The following interesting account of preservation from drowning hea boenire ceived by a resident in Castlomnine, item a pas-r seeger iu the-fiwiftsnre, on her lust voyage toiEng-; land: — ' A saifor-boy fell from the main-top into; the-cea whemwo were going between ten -cad eleven knots an hoar. A life-buoy was thrown to him,! whitii he caught, and in a few minutes thr.' ship was stopped and a boat let down, -bnt byt that .time the boy was half a mile astern. Presootly a ajjaall of wind cod miaty rain came on, aria we lost sight of tbe boatj cventfroin ths maethead; at last the first mitto saw it, and the cuptain noted its direction by tho cora pasn, .and then ?' bouted ship' 'to go back to it. In! the meantime the-T7ind had shifted three .poiats, bo' we wore able to. go back to exactly oar former place,) and fancy our surprise and joy to hear a shiur of ' The 'bay ia ahenC cf us swimming strajfkt ifor tbe ship:!' A rpte wus thrown to him, but ho misled iii, and also lest the life buoy; however, the sailmaker jumped. into the sea' after him, tied a rope rouna inn, ona ootu were orougnt safeiy on board. The lad was dreadfully exhausted, aud very.oiJd, having been in tlie-soa two hours and & ia'f. He was well eebbed and wrapped in waroi blankets, but he would not sleep till he heard that the beat was safe, wiich was jvot till abont an hour utter. Only imagine the aotoaishment of these on board when they beard thatithe boy was on board. His captain (ifuj-ieu-) bed «z.ever heard of sueh an eu RRpe beioro. That .the ship should rnn down to the very spot where the lad was seemed traly pro videutis.1. Tke boy acd the sail maker both re turned thanki for their deliverance on the nrxt' Sunday, &c.;' — Ca-ttlemaira Daily ATt:WS, August li;. Slips ok tke fieN. — Thackeray seemB to have had an intense dislike to the troubles of revision ; for his popular works, especially those published peri odically, abound tit trivial mistakes, arising from haste, forgetfnlne6«, and want of care. The novelist mortally wounds an old lady trith a candle instead of a candlestick, and afterwards attributes her death to a stone staircase. Newcottio senior is colonel and major at one and tbe same time ; Jack Belsize is fuck on one page, and Charles on another ; Mrs Raymond Gray, introdoced as Emily, is suddenly rechriatened Fanny ; and Philip Formor on one occasion becomes transformed into the author's old hero, Clive. With respect to. the last mentioned geutlemaa, author and artist seem in have differed, for while Mr Th&ckeray; jests abont Olive's beautiful whiskers and handsome msaslacbes, Mr Doyle persist! to the end in denying young New come's possession of those tokens of cunhcod. It is not often that an author is Batirical upon his own productions ; but Charles Dickens has coctrived to be so. Describing the old incs of tho borough in his ' .fickwiclr i/apers, ue says tney are queer places, with galleries, passages, and staircases wide enough and antiquated enough ' to . furnish material for a hundred ghost-stories supposing we should ever be reduced to the lamentable necessity of inventing any.' How little could ' Boz' have anticipated certain charming Christmas Books, witching the world a few years later ! So also ' American Notes.' Mr Jefferson Brick and the transatlantic Eden lay unsuspected in the future when he nude old Weller flnggest Mr P.ckwick's absconding to America till Djdaon and Fogg were huug, aud then retorninpr to his native land and writing 'a book about the 'Mer ricais as Ml pay all his expenses and more if he blo.va 'em up enough !' — Chambers' '« Journal. 