TELE PROPOSED FISCAL CHANGES IN TASMANIA. THE Hobart Town correspondent of tho Launceston Ex- aminer, writing to that journal on the 17th instant, says: Tho protracted and wearisome debato of three days on tho resolution of tho Colonial Treasurer for tho alteration of tho fiscal Bvstem has ended. Speeches of two hours each ex- hausted the subject, and loft but little room for somo of tho members to express an opinion. The Colonial Treasurer opened the debate by a recapitulation of much that ho said on tho previous Thursday when ho declared tho scheme. Ho quoted several authorities on taxation, and gave a graphio account of tho flourishing condition of tho fr JO ports . of Hongkong, Shanghai, Singapore, and Trieste, and . argued that similar results would accruo to Tasmania. , Uttcrlv ignoring their geographical position and peculiar . advantages, tho comparison was too ridiculous to . moko any impression. Ho wound np with a history of Tasmania, and so clearly demonstrated that ho was talking . against time that members would not listen to him, and left . him to declaim to empty benches. Adverting to the proposed now fiscal policy of tho Colo- nial Treasurer of Tasmania, tho Launceston Examiner re- marks :-Tho monstrous proposal to tax property to tho extent of Ave and half per cent., and to impose an income tax of a similar amount, seoras to havo aroused tho country, and is working upon tho intelligence of men who are not to bo deluded that they are to bo enriched by having money token out of their pockets. Scarcely a "porson who has bought land, und with his Baving built a hones upon it, gets a return of five per cent. ; but this and more is to bo wrested from him. Thero aro plenty of proper- ties in town and country, tho rents of which would not half pay the tax, and whioh would havo to bo abandoned. There is a holder of house property in this town who will soil it if ho can, and if not leave it for a time at least, and tako himself and his family away with £20,000 he has out on mortgago rather than pay an incsmo tax. And many will follow his examplo. It is accumulated capital that furnishes tho work- ing men with employment and wings custom to tho dealers. If wo had not a class that Bave, tho day laboaror would perish from want. That class is not so largo as to render it desirable it should bo discouraged. Tho numbera aro too great who spend all they earn, or live above their incomes, or aro dopondent on casual aid. They cannot work, but they aro not ashamed to beg. AU economists agree that tho increase of capital should ba enoonraged, and tho savings of industry and economy scrupulously respected. With tho proposed taxes in operation for two or three years moro theh half tho improved land and buildings would bo confiscated. A meeting has boon convened at Longford, another at Evandalo, and a third at Westbury, Why does Launceston lag behind when the very existenco of tho colony is at stake ? If the Government could dispose of their debentures, wo presume tho £102,000 for tho so-callod reproductive works would have been spent ere this. What madness to thrpw away money in this direction which will never yield the ghost of a return, and introduce a form and amount of taxation that would destroy tho colony! Not expending publio money but ocouomÎBing it will bring , the country round. Not increased taxes but retrenchment of disbursements can bring things straight. Tho Govomment is virtually insolvent. Tho legitimate contribution that tho country can bear without injury to its reproductivo powers and tho repression of trade is just tho sum the Customs will yield from spirits, winos, tobacco, tea, and sugar. If tho country is to prosper and not retrogrado the expenditure must bo brought within that limit. No men aro flt to be in offico who wifi not retrench. 