OUR LADY NOVELISTS AND ANTHONY TROLLOPE.* IT is idle, at the present day, to discuss the merits or demerits of either novel writing or novel reading in the gross. For right or for wrong, the fictions of prose have shouldered out of their former sove- reignty the fictions of poetry. People do, indeed, continue to study, and long may they do so, such gems of beauty and art as the writings of Tennyson and Longfel- low, but for one that will take up a poem a thousand will read a novel. In one, per- haps the highest, branch of fiction, the drama, this is most strikingly exemplified. In London, a century ago, nearly every one but the strict religious nonconformists went to the theatre, and the chief passport to literary fame was to write a play. A suc- cessful drama then not only brought in many hundreds of pounds, but was at once a passport for the author to the higher ranks of society. All this is changed. We are speaking now of London, of course, not of the colonies. People who work till six p.m., and dine at seven, do not choose to be worried out of their easy chairs to go to the theatre. They prefer to sit quiet, and read a newspaper or a novel. It is not with the well-to-do only, but all who can read, and have a few pennies to spare, that the same taste prevails. Jenny, the maid, reads novels quite as much as Lady Lucy the mistress ; but Jenny's taste in novels is of quite a different class from Lady Lucy's. Her ladyship, unless she un- fortunately let her vitiated imagination run loose upon Balzac, George Sand, and so on, will, if she be healthily minded, prefer to laugh over " Pickwick" or the " Old Curio- sity Shop," precisely because they deal with a class of people with whom she has not the remotest acquaintance, and who are as new to her as if they had lived in middle Africa. Jack and Jenny's taste, upon the same principle, runs entirely towards tales of the high nobility. A quarter of a cen- tury ago, when the so-called fashionable novels were the rage, written for the most part in the back parlor of a small shop in Soho, by such gentlemen as Mr. Mortimer Knaggs, as described in "Nicholas Nickleby," who was enabled to give his little descrip- tions of fashionable life through the instruc- tions of his sister, the dressmaker, poor *"The Bolton Estate." By Anthony Trollope. Pub lished in the Fortnightly Review and the Australasian. Haynes Bailey bewailed the utter fall of the romantic novel— Oh Redcliffe, thou once wer't the charmer Of readers that sat up all night : Thy heroes were warriors in armour, Thy heroines damsels in white. But past are thy terrible touches, Our lips with derision we curl, Unless when we learn how a Duchess Conversed with her cousin the Earl ! The fashionable novel of that day has only shifted its ground, and re-appears in the pages of such productions as the London Journal, Cassell's Family Paper, and so with nez retroussé and bright blue eyes, on—those remarkable journals in which " Emma, aged seventeen, petite in figure, considered pretty, and very amiable, will be glad to correspond with a handsome young man of dark complexion, with black hair, and possessed of a competency, with a view to matrimony," and where the " dark young man, aged twenty-five, and possessed of £150 a-year, finding his life lonely, is willing to take to his bosom a Christian young lady, possessed of a com- petency, and will ever fondly cherish her ;" or, taking a bolder flight, "an Earl's daughter, possessed of £5000 a year, will be happy to marry a middle-aged gentleman provided he be decidedly pious."+ Not one of these curious publications, which circu- late not so much by tens as by hundreds of thousands among shopboys, schoolboys, junior clerks, upper operatives, schoolboys, shopgirls, waiteresses, cooks, housemaids, laundresses, ladies' maids, and the like, can get a sale unless they contain a murder or a seduction to each number, and any number of coroneted personages. They are like Mrs. Primrose, wife of poor dear old Oliver Goldsmith's immortal Vicar of Wakefield, who, when the wandering painter painted that remarkable picture which, when finished, was too big to get in at the door, insisted upon having an un- limited number of diamonds depicted on her stomacher gratis. To a dealer in this kind of fine writing, who is unsuccessful in getting an appointment for breaking stones on the high road, by far the better paid and healthier employment, we should say, " strain your murders fine, dash in your seductions neatly, but plaster with Earls and Countesses, Dukes and Duchesses, Kings and Queens, to any extent." It is nuts to a poor worn-out milliner's appren- tice to read by a farthing dip during the one hour which she can spare between the weary day and the fevered night, how one as poor as her married the Duke of Draw cansir, and ever after lived in a palace on blanc mange and iced champagne. In the same spirit Tittlebat Titmouse and his friend Huckaback were infinitely comforted in their garret by discussing the marriage of the Duke of Middlemas, and Mr. Chuck ster rejoiced in relating the true details of the quarrel between the Marquis of Blank shire and Lord Bobby, and that Violetta Stetti, of the Italian Opera, was not allowed fifteen hundred a-year, and a page with kid gloves (as was monstrously re- ported), but without kid gloves, which was eminently satisfactory. Truth, however, compels us to own that these absurd produc- tions however ricketty in the details, are not actually immoral in their principles, or neg- lectful of the balance of right in the end. The wicked duke always gets trounced, and the virtuous footman triumphant, the chief blunder being that it teaches a couple of million of Englishmen and Englishwomen to believe that all dukes are vicious and all footmen virtuous, till we are tempted to din into their ears the sentence of the daring man (what courage he must have had !) who com- menced " born of poor but dishonest parents." The social danger, however, of these writings is not much. They are too stupid to do great harm. Mr. Fitzball, the chief concocter of them, is as undangerous as milk and water, or diluted arrowroot, or stale porridge, or cold potatoes, or cold roast veal, and nearly as digestible as the three last. If the people were not reading trash of this kind they would probably be drinking gin, and if an evil, they are at any rate a lesser evil in place of a greater. It is very different with the so-called sensational novel pur sang of the present day, which is really dangerous precisely in the ratio of the perverted talent employed in it. It has arisen to supply the craving for excitement characteristic of this go-a-head nineteenth century, which craves for highly- spiced intellectual food, and nauseates the simple. Wherever there is a demand there is a supply, and the supply comes in the shape of such writers as Miss Braddon, Wilkie Collins, and very many others, inferior, but still good enough to be read, and we fear pro- digiously read among the middle and upper classes. Of Wilkie Collins we have no space to speak. In his wrong line he is very able. His " Woman in White," to mention one alone, once taken up, is not readily laid down. But having little space to spare, we prefer to pass to a lady writer who has probably sold more copies than any other novelist of the day, except Thackeray and Dickens-we mean Miss Braddon. We are bound to admit that she has very considerable merits. In the first place, she writes pure, racy, idiomatic English, the very reverse of the present newspaper slip-slop. At intervals, too, in spite as it were of herself, she is tolerably true to nature. Aurora Floyd is a lumping handsome Tomboy of a girl, to our taste very disgusting, but just the kind of girl who would bolt over the ropes and run away with her groom. There is little or no exaggeration in this. The squire, too, in the same work is a good picture. But, take all in all, throughout all her works runs the same stream of unhealthy stimulants. Effect is all that is aimed at, and, we are bound to say, is often attained. Her great object is to stimulate one of our strongest passions-curiosity. She con- structs a most ingenious puzzle, and defies us to find out the clue. The puzzle lasts through three octavo volumes, but, when the clue is given, all interest ceases. Very few, we suspect, would lay down " Lady Audley's Secret" or " Aurora Floyd" till they had gone through the whole ; but he or she must be a remarkable glutton of the marvellous who would read either a second time. The morbid interest excited by a first perusal turns upon a second into contempt. Such men, women, and events, as Miss Braddon describes never existed off +Fact. the boards of the Olympic Theatre, the Surrey, or Sadler's Wells. Take, for instance, Lady Audley, and her deeds-a timid, blushing, blue-eyed maiden, who owns to twenty years, but looks seventeen, the idol of all who know her, turns out all the time to be an accom- plished bigamist, with a very considerable genius for murder. Allowing that the character is possible (Constance Kent, to wit), though most improbable, the actions described are, at any rate, impossible. Fragile girls of twenty are not able to throw ex-dragoons six feet high, and pro portionably broad shouldered, into wells, and then return to flirt and warble all the evening. Macbeth, as a fighting man all his life, had seen and done a great deal more of bloodshedding than Lady Audley ; but when he had murdered the king his silent agony only allowed him to screw out between his tightened lips, '"Twas a rough night;" and, after slaying Banquo, Banquo's ghost was ever by him. We allow that a very bad woman is much more remorseless than a very bad man ; but Miss Braddon's tale is a moral impos- sibility and Shakspeare, we opine, knew human nature better than Miss Braddon. Ex-dragoons with broken arms, after tumbling fifty feet, are not able to clamber up in half-an-hour a slippery well side. Least of all do baronets' wives, under any circumstances, walk at midnight into hotels and set them on fire, in order to make a roast of the in- mates. This kind of thing may do well enough in a melodrama ; it is ridiculous and offensive when put in pen and ink. When well blown out, and at her wits' end for a new excitement, she comes upon the invariable resource, the detective officer. Dickens gave her the dodge. He was a lawyer's clerk in his early struggling times, and having to knock about police offices all day, and rest himself upon a pint of porter and a pipe at the Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill, in the evening, he there picked up the prototypes of his " Sam Weller," and learnt the darker life of Fagin and Bill Sykes, his truest portraitures. And there he got his notion of a detective, which he first worked out in " Bleak House," as an omnipresent omniscient being, who looks into human hearts in a cozy kind of way, like lago. We have had to do with two picked London detectives in our time. The first was the most expensive muff that ever we had to do with, who charged £18 for what we had got through without detec- tive assistance in a day and a-half. The other was cool enough on land, but had, unluckily enough for bim, to go out to board a barque off the Goodwins, when a stiff northwester was blowing, and the vessel rolling at an angle of 17 deg. to the horizon. We never saw such a perfect exemplification of a dog with his tail be- tween his legs, or a more wretched speci- men of bedraggled humankind, than when he tottered up on the shingle, and ulti- mately, after an uncommon stiff glass of grog, was put to bed by his sympathising friends at the Walmer Castle, at Deal. But the Dickens-cum-Braddon detective is a great card to the uninitiated. It is the last card in her pack, and, verily, she does not spare it. What a comfort it is for those who wish to treat the novel as it is-viz., a real pic- ture of life-to try back upon some of the stories of fifty years ago. They were often dull, but they were generally accurate. How different the taste must have been then and now. Take Miss Austin, for in- stance, and take her undoubtedly dullest novel, " Emma." Even Miss Austin can- not make " Emma " lively. She is a rich, handsome girl, living at Chertsey, who, having nothing to do, amuses herself by planning matches for her lady friends, which always run counter, and she gets into the most awful embroglios and messes, till she is pulled up, as sailors say, with a round turn, by getting married herself. The little dull village circle is as stupid in the book as in reality, but then it is all true. So in perhaps her best work, " Pride and Prejudice." Lady readers, buy " Pride and Prejudice ;" it will only cost you a couple of shillings, and it is cheap at a guinea. Why is it cheap ? We will tell you. You will get up from reading that book a great deal wiser than you were before. You will know more of life, and that in a healthy way. Read Miss Brad- don and her class, and your intellectual stomach is likely to be about as much in order as if you had been drinking a couple of glasses of raw rum. Read the other, and you have got a notch as to virtue and a real knowledge of the world. Melo- drama is a very pretty thing, but carried into action, it pretty generally sends its votaries to the dogs. Herein lies the great merit of Anthony Trollope. It is a masculine pen that writes this, and therefore it is written with fear and trembling, for we thoroughly be- lieve that only a woman can understand a woman, and that though Shakspeare went pretty nigh to the mark, even Shakspeare comparatively failed. Those pretty creatures in muslin are to us men at most a myth, at best an approxima- tion. Women never really understand men, nor men women. A man never thoroughly understands his wife, nor a wife her husband. There is always a mystery. Bella chatters with Emma, but pulls up when she says " George is coming," though all the time she may heartily love George, and care a million of times more for him than for Emma. " Argal," as Dogberry says, we think Mr. Anthony Trollope may be often enough adrift about his girls, but we suspect that his drift is not great, and that in his own line he sticks up to feminine nature exhaustively. Every writer has his strong point, as every man. There are two lines of his subjects in which Anthony Trollope is pre- eminent. One, we have said, is patent. His hatreds are pretty clear. At the very name of a lawyer he rushes at him like a bull at a red flag. But waiving this amiable little weakness, in which there are plenty more to sympathise, he has a taste for handling, and handling successfully, the, in our own notion, dullest lot of the human race- we mean, eminent clergymen. It is an old and true remark of De Quincy, in his celebrated " Confessions of an Opium eater," that the female portions of Episcopal families are commonly among the most dis- agreeable women to be found, and this owing to being doubtful about their real social position. My Lord, at least in the last twenty-five years of this nineteenth century, though sometimes owing his pro- motion to family interest and high birth, is nine times out of twenty sprung from the middle classes. The father of the present Bishop of Lincoln is a cockatoo farmer, who talks about the " 'ay 'arvest." He himself, with the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of London, the Bishop of Glou- cester, to name only four instances, were originally schoolmasters, and pulled their way up by sheer industry, tact, character, and talent. But if the head of the diocese be commonly a man of mark, the lady head is simply the bishop's wife. She swings like Mahomet's coffin between heaven and earth, between the peerage and the commonality. As long as her husband lives she is a great personage ; dukes and earls dine with her, archdeacons flatter her, aspiring curates vie in praising the perfections of her lovely daughters. His lordship dies, and down tumbles the wife into her original obscurity, while the wife of the successor reigns over her head. No wonder the lady potentate, so soon to be dethroned, rides not a little rusty. She has her power for a time, and naturally uses it ; and, how she uses it! Oh, Mrs. Proudie, among all the miseries of this mundane sphere, how heartily we congra- tulate ourselves that we are not your hus- band, and that when the curtains are drawn we have no chance of hearing such connu- bial lectures as you gave the bishop after the row between his Lordship and the eminently evangelical Slope. Bad may be the best, but, thank Heaven, we have escaped being hooked into holy matrimony with a high-minded female in moire antique, who had solemn views on all points, and was always (in her own eyes) right. Trollope's great line, however, is young girls-well, young ladies, if you like which is perhaps the better name, as his characters are pretty nearly all more or less belonging to the middle, upper middle, or uppermost classes of English society. Now, your young modern education lady is, as we have said, an uncommonly difficult character to draw. Advancing education has in fact, as in fiction, altered her ex- ceedingly. A quarter af a century ago, she was, if a good girl, quiet, obedient, rather ignorant, and curious about little out of her own family circle, and her own peculiar admirer, now she is inquisitive about everything. She reads the papers, and a good many other writings, and thinks for herself. She is what the last generation would have called " fast," and perhaps she is fast, but not necessarily, in essentials the less modest or the less virtu- ous. She speaks more freely, because she thinks more freely, but does not go over the lines. Anthony Trollope hits off this kind of girl magnificently. Witness, Lucy Roberts. Read the chapter "why Lucy Roberts beat Puck." It is first-rate. Such a daguerreotype of the little spite and yet kindly feeling of a woman's heart! It is just the same as in the last scene of the "Belton Estate"- Clara Amedroz has given up Captain Aylmer, whom she has begun to despise heartily, and married Will Belton, whom she loves heartily, and yet never will let go her late lover's wife, who has taken the liberty of marrying the man she once liked herself. Her husband is half asleep, but she is wide awake as she sneers at Lady Emily- " I was as sure of it as possible," Clara said to her husband that night. " Sure of what, my dear ?" " That she would have a red nose." " Who has got a red nose ?" " Don't be stupid, Will. Who should have it but Lady Emily ?" " Upon my word I didn't observe it." " You never observe anything, Will; do you ? But don't you think she's very plain ?" " Upon my word I don't know. She isn't as handsome as some people." " Don't be a fool, Will. How old do suppose her to be ?" " How old ? Let me see. Thirty, per- haps." " If she's not over forty, I'll consent to change noses with her." " No ;-we won't do that ; not if I know it." " I cannot conceive why any man should marry such a woman as that. Not but what she's a very good woman, I dare say ; only what a man can get by it ? To be sure there's the title, if that's worth anything." But Will Belton was never good for much conversation at this hour, and was too fast asleep to make any rejoinder to the last remark. All this may be very so so, and anyone who reads it thinks they can write it, pre- cisely because it is so natural, only they cannot write it. Let them try it. Fiction writing is no joke. Nothing is easier than to start with, " It was under the declining rays of the summer sun that a warrior trotted down to the banks of the majestic Rhine, replete with the memories of the past." Fine is not that ? Well, if any reader wants it, we will engage to turn the tap on, and give him fustian at a crown the yard, or, taking it in gross, a pound for the rod, pole, or perch. But Mr. Trol- lope's work we could not do, to save our- selves from crucifixion. Who but a genius could have painted that poor dear creature Lily in the " small house at Allington," and that nasty fellow who deserted her. How good Lily is, how nice, how thoroughly truthful, how patiently suffering, and how brave. It is an absolute strengthening for the battle of life even to read about her. Not that she is melodramatic in the Braddon style; far from it. She has simply paid away the sterling gold of her affections for bad copper. She has loved, and loved a handsome dandified fellow, with about as much heart or head as a barber's block. Just as Clara Amedroz loved, or rather fancied she loved, the punctiliously polite Captain Aylmer, who makes love with the decent composure of an elder of the church. And she is thrown over. An ordinary writer would have brought in a more eligible number two to succeed number one. Miss Braddon would have done it. An Australian writer would have done it, and therein been true to Aus- tralia. But in England it would have been false. There are women there, strange as it may seem, who, having loved once, are not inclined to love again. They do not, after our Southern fashion, swap their hearts like-bad shillings to the first bidder. Lily simply suffered, trying all the time not to betray her suffering. She will not, as far as her mental power goes, let out one inch of the love-sick miss. She does not take to solitary musings or turn Roman Catholic. She eats, drinks, sleeps, jokes, even flirts, and lets no one perceive the agony that is preying on her vitals. She is a noble girl, and our friend Clara, the A1 wife of our A1 friend Will Belton- whom we are going to talk about soon-is another. Really, to get among these nice healthy creatures, after pottering over the worthless fictions of the shilling-a-liner demi-monde, and the rest of them, is like emerging out of the tainted atmosphere of a sick-room, into the fresh air of a breezy lawn ; but what a reflec- tion upon the femininity of England, that their immoralities should be depicted from evident personal consciousness by a bevy of authoresses, and that the fact, that there are plenty of good and high-minded girls among them, should be left to be daguerreotyped by a man.--Australasian. 