ITEMS OF NEWS. We call especial attention to a report which will be found in , another column, by,- L which : it ; will be seen that the lion, the Minister of Mines has declined to name a day for 'tfle; reception of' the proposed deputation from Sandhurst and Castlemaine: on water' supply. We are glad to : notice that the local committee- are determined net to be put off any longer with evasive answers o'h 'this 'all important question. ' The'following'is Tjib'programme.bf music to hp played by the Ypluntepr Baud 1 tli is ' . evening, under the direction ' of , A. 7. Huerie'r bei n : — Quadrille, "/Bishop's Melody,'' by H. Swatton ; March, " The Bose of AUabdale,'' GV Pridham ; Waltz, " Forget me not," G. Lambert ; Duet? " Light in- the East is glowing,"" H? Glover';' Air from Era Diavoli, " Proudly my Banner waves above," Auber ; Polka, " Echo du Mont Blanc/," / Jtilli'eri ; ' Selections! from "-Lucretia Borgia," Donizetti Galop, " The Field Day," J. Siede ; "iGoff Save the Queen." ' ' ' I ' A meeting of the directors of the Monarchy Company was held at the Supreme Court Hotel, yesterday afternoon. .The priucipalflmsiness - transacted wasjhat of directing/the legal mana ger to immediately sue all defaulting share holders y a \ \: a . v vy. // j . /?/ \ i ; \ o The Debating Society, in connection with the Mechanics' Institute, met on Monday evening, and opened the new session. The attendance, as might be expected at the beginning, was but moderate, but it will doubtless, as ou all former occasions, increase as the season progresses, and as the existence, of the. society becomes, known. The question > discussed?, was, — "|Is (t-lie Legisla tive Council responsible for the dead-lock ?" The affirmative was carried . by-a,-majorily of two. The subject appointed/to icopie under dis-: cussion on Monday next 'is,—' " Is the "expend!-" ture of Government in the , maintenance. pf.-a, volunteer force a judicious one ?" " Yesterday: afternoon? as a man was driving a ? team of horses, attached 'to. a "Timber waggon, " along Campbell-street, the - king- bolt of the" vehicle fell out; /The driver, whbrivas sitting on" the front " 'of ktliffL. wgqnV. was . immediately i thrown dopm, .behind the ; horses, .which, were fortunately of a quiet disposition btllerwise his" life would have jeopardised. A. short , delay . served to repair the damage doiie. " ' : The following are the aWo'unts-brbugUt down' = by escort yekferday; 'aud/lreceiv.ed at! .tbe /Subvl Treasury, Castlemaine : — Daylesford, 1,161 oz., Avoca, 2,539 oz., and 281 oz. of silver ; Talbot, 2,938 oz.; Maryborough? l',6I9 ozJ', Majorca, 1,186, oz. Total, 9,A43 dz'. Df ! gold, and2'8i oz silveri ' 'It Will 'bebserved That "thA retiirh is" almost double in amount- of that of last week. The absence ;of holidays and the late' raius have do'ubtleWcontributed- to this satisfactory state bf- things. . 7 " are glad to tie; able to announce that the Castlemaine' Amateur Minstrels, whose clever Ethiopian performances are -still fresh in "the memory of the Castlemaine public, have arranged to give an entertainment at the Theatre Boyal on the 26th instant, for the benefit of Mr Huenerbein, the well-known and justly ap preciated band-master, and Mr Howsou, whose talent as a musician has so often been exerted , for the delectation of < his. .fellow townsmen, and ; in aid of the local charitable institutions. Our readers will agree with us that both of these ; geutlemen are deserving of the honor and profit of the " benefit" proposed for them, and there is" no doubt at; all that- Ihe? theatre Will be well filled oil the occasion. But apart from the object of this amateur performance, the " Min strels" themselves are well able to entertain a large audience, judging by their previous suc cesses. With few exceptions the " troupe" will be composed of the same clever delineators of Negro character who delighted the people fifteen months ago, rand- we understand that one or two important additions, both vocal and in strumental have been made. Among the varieties of the programme, and which will attract con siderable attention, are a burlesque opera, written by one of .the Minstrels? and : am imita tion of the Chinese actors, the niggers going into full'Celestial costume. We are promised the privilege of being present at a dress'5 re-hearjsal of the wliole ' eril'ertainment, and wheii we h'aVe wiibessedAhik 'we shall be in a -position To speak . with, more certainty of the treat .that is. in«store for Ilie .Caslleuiaiue peopley. 7.,; , At the Fryerstown Police Court, ' yesterday, before T.'D. S.' 'Heron, EsqlvBiMr, the' business was very slight. \Villiami Watson, for being drunk, was fined 5s? or 2'Ji. hburs. . Bell and Co. v. 'Walfer'iGo- 'l&s;" goods .sdld 'and " delivered ; order for l£4 10s and 13s! costs. Same v. Lewis, £3 10s, gqodsyold:andS delivered ; order for amount/and 13s 6d;ebsts. ' - i An application to the Supreme Court for a capias | against Sir Charles Darjing will, v'it is stated, be | made in the suit of . Ecroyd v Tile 'Queen as soon i as Sir Charles ceases to bej Goverubr of .the colony. I We see by .. proclamation in the Government Gazette of Friday last' that the Sandhurst Circuit Court is postponed from Tuesday, the 17th instant, to Friday, the 20th inst. ' At the Heidelberg Police Court yesterday, says the Herald, John and Joseph Fleming, father and son, living about nine miles trom Heidelberg, on the Plenty Ranges, were fine d-— the former in £100 and the latter m £50--ior having been found in possession of apparatus tor illicit distillation. Mr Inspector Hare having received information that distillation was being carried on near the place where the prisoners lived, went on Sunday, the 8th . instant, and found an underground chamber, in which were a still and worm, and other things, the still ap pearing to be warm. On Monday morning, about 6 a.m., taking a few policemen, Mr Hare proceeded to 'the place, over which the grass wa9 growing luxuriantly. He found a very small hole leading downwards, and heard voices below in conversation, at the same time seeing lights.; He was then by himself, and iii order to warn the police to come forward fired a pistol. The lights below immediately went out, and a voice from below asked what was wanted. When the. police arrived and surrounded the still, one prisoner came up with reluctance and said there was no person below. On going down the in spector found the other in the corner of a very curiously constructed place. The roof was formed of slabs overlaid with eartb, and sup ported by upright posts. A small hole was the only mode of ingress and egress, aiid a flue con ducted the smoke into the middle of some trees and underwood upon the surface, so that passers by might never detect it rising from the still. The operation of distilling appears to haVe/been carried oh 'for more than seven. :.years; '-The prisoners have appealed against the decision of ;the Bench, and a case will be stated for the de cision of the Supreme Court. h Dtir Melbourne correspondent Wi-it| 44- Aus tralia and things Australian are, as "time wears on, -attracting increased attention in England. You 'cau scarcely "take up an English newspaper, review, or magazine without alighting upon articles tli- Tcctly dealing with matters of interest to this or the neighboring colonies ;A recent number of the London. Atheriaruin contains a review of .the poetical efforts of.. two.a-esidentsJn/New SoutlrAVales, Mr J. Sheridan Moore and Mr Henry Kendall. Mr Moore'3 : ' tSpring.(, Swigs,,! Lyrics,, ancl; Australian Meloci ies, H summarily , clispbsedVo'f ,l)jr , the; . criticfks not; worthy . of /detailed . 'examination i? - but Mr. Ken-,., 'dkil 'is reiieWe'd'very "favorably. He sent the editor a bulky-jnanuscript,, from which-, two extracts are made, — one, "the-"' SoVig'of the' Cattle Hunters,' the other, 'The Ghost Glen.' The critic argues that the young; Australian poet should devote himself mainly to the treatment of ' indigenous (purely Aus tralian) . subjects. ' Tiie-jrevieur: concludes |thus T-f ' If Mr Kendall continues to exer tfhis' p.oetic facu' ty as successfully as lie has done iu these two pieces those above referred to, .England as well as Aus tralia will'gladly recogfiisA his '-place as a singer. He. has both disadvantages aud advantages iu his distant sphere, but the flatter,;. predominate? He occupies virgin soil, stauds in the midst of a society whose characteris tics.haye.never ygt, been_ mirrored iu song ; while English— writers arfe throwingMp their "pens "yearly " because "ffiey "can assimilate nothing new. Let him, seek (in. the great life around him' £ those "' human 'forms of ' iufmor, . pathos, and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand,- : cannot . fail' '. itoKwin tthe fifreartsV- -b'f the f public,' and , let him. use . - his r. local coloring, a pre- ci&us; treasurte to-illustrate'' truths which are uni versal. That he has gifts there can be no question arid hisitcommiffiicati'dri''',to ;us ' is so modest ahd sensible that 'we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use, aud strike out in the path which he is Vniost saited' to;. explore;' " Mr Stitt leiikiiis, of Geelong,' might do well1 to' ponder ! over ! rthe'- ribovri ; critique." : oi ; Early "Th the sjiititigs -qr the jCrimirial Sessions ,gn: Monday? says the Herald,1'" M'r "Adamson "applied . that Dr Beaneyi might-be ' called .upon -'to'5 surrender 'arid' reuew : his bail' bnithe-charge rif 'having miir-" . dered Mary; Le wis,, as .the; .Crown, did ..not - intend to proceed with! the trial "this session.- Mr. Dawsori; with whom were Mr Aspiuall and Mr Wrixon, on behalf of DrBeauey, .opposed this, course, - and. re quested his H'drior to use '-liis utmost iuflueuce to bring the. trial on,, as .it. was a. serious disadvantage to a iriedical/man to remain under such a stigma as that imputed to Dr Beaney, for such a length of . time as was proposed by the Crown. Mr Dawson also made a some what unusual application to the \Cbuffc, namely, Ctliat it"should make an order for the | exhumation- of the body of 'the "deceased, which course he urged was necessary, in order that the "'.prisoner's . witnesses might examine it and check the medical evidence for the Crown. In support of the application he urged that, although coroners had the power specifically given to them to ordpr exhumations, yet there was nothing in the act tV show tbat the Judges had not a similar power, and contended that the J udges had as much right to order the exhumation of-a dead -body -as they liad to order -;a wiss?,to appear .before them, with! docu ments— a -coursri which was -often ffoilowed?- The .learned counsel quoted one or two rather remote authorities to support .his- argument. His Honor, Mr Jiistice Ayilliams, expressecl his doubts as to his power of 'ord'eriug' the -fexhumation,' and asked for fiu'fcher authorities on ,the subject, statiug that if Mr Dawsori' coidd produce them he would hear him on the fojlowing morning! Dr? Beaney's7'sureties . were then renewed, -safter whicll-Mr DawsoiJsaid-he . did, nob think .he would ;be able to produce further '.authorities, aiid . appiied under the. Habeas_Corpus Act that.Dr Beaney 'should he. tried', t1iis ?sittings. 'His. Hondr..took_a -note? ofthe kpplicatioff;- which, heing recoi;ded; pyill.. render thej trial of Dr Beaney at the next sessforis liiffi .to his discharge. _ Later in tlie jlayj his Honor, ad- dfessing M r tAdamson! saidHhat although he could not. see his,>vay to, granting-, the order for the exhu- matjpn, of the h6dy,,-i't .w«as his to pinion, that for the 'advancement' 'of1 justice 4tSvas/ desiibU the Crown "should accede to the application made for the .prir, soner, and allow the order to be' 'macler Mr Adarii-5- ?son isaid the Crown ;had .already been applied to, and refused to grant the order. He (Mr Adamson) boiild ;not say anything in the matter, bub Wuld consult with the Crown Law Officers, and- inform- his Honor of the course they intended to pursue, -iff the morning. - '"7/1 . » C./ 7 . .-.'A. An amusing story . is thus told .by the7 Jugioug ' correspondent of 'tlie,; Yiiss Courier A! ; inpst exf traordiriary suicide ' 'tookli|>1aee:f-at'h€r'rieafs' Jugiong, on the 28fch,..:pf last imonthj. It -appears; that a man known , by the name > of . '-Hopping Jemmy" had been on a drinking,. bout, and ; after, returning to liis einplbymeiit as a 'shepherd 'to' Mr'" Broughton, his better half- naturally -gave him a! severe curtain lecture, and having whabis generally I termed ' the horrors,' he again, retired to a secluded spot nntil he thought the "storm had blown over. - !In1 the interval a report reached-. Jugiong - that i Jemmy had committed suicide _by. hanging himself - to a tree. Some of the inhabitants' gave .lufornia- tion to the police, who at once prepared themselves for going to the scene of the tragedy. One con stable was dispatched for a horse and dray to bring in the body ; the other two put spurs to their horses., and rode out to cut down the unfortunate man. Some of those who were hurrying after the police Were lost in the bush and remained there all night. After the body was cut down, a kind of pest mor tem examination was held, and an improvised jury found a verdict that death had been caused by de ceased having been stuffed too full of straw. The fact is, that the suicide was nothing more nor less than an effigy to frighten native dogs, which are very troublesome ou the run. The real Simon Pure turned up while the farce was going on, thus making his real existence a matter beyond all dis pute. " Considerable excitement," says the Border Post, "has been created on the western goldfields by the discovery of a rich reef at the Lower Turon. Eight tons of quartz on being crushed have given over a thousand ounces. I'll is is enough to set speculation wild, and to start prospectors on a re-examination of the couutry. The new reef may only be a patch, like so many others we have had experience of that have raised great hopes only to disappoint them. But it may be more. It may be a fortune to tbe owners, aud a cause of a fuller development of wealth in the neighborhood. The Turon was the earliest locality in which gold diggings be«an in Australia ; but Iliough for ton years it has" never been deserted its treasures are not yet all ex hausted." The Ministerial journal makes the following an nouncement We understand that the home Government has notilied to Sir Charles Darling its intention to relieve him of the duties of his office. He will, of course, contiuue to act as Governor dur ing his stay in the colony, aud when lie leaves, the administration of affairs, pending the appointment of liis successor, will devolve upon Brigadier-Gene ral Carey." At about 2 o'clock on Monday afternoon, says the Ballaarat correspondent of the Herald, the No. 1 boiler of the Band of Hope Co. exploded with considerable force, but fortunately without loss of life, although three persons have sustained severe injuries. Through the carelessness of some person the water was allowed to become too low, and the result was the accident referred to. The force of the explosion must have been terrific, and it was fortunate that the lives of the men employed about the engine-house were not sacrificed. How- ever, three men, named Vessey, Foreman, and Bell, were severely injured by scalds, etc., and had to be conveyed to the District Hospital. Several narrow escapes occurred, such as vehicles which were in front of the hotel adjoining, laborers in the vicinity, etc., but nothing actually serious has occurred. The damage done will not retard operations to any serious extent, as the mine can be worked with the second boiler and the whole can be repaired at a cost of about £800. Probably the cause of the accident will form the subject of an official inquiry, but want of sufficient water is the general remark, even by those competent to judge, for the boiler- plates are three-eighths of an inch in thickness, and apparently sound in every respect. It is fortunate that some timber and a few other articles were in the way at the time, otherwise the boiler, which was projected about thirty yards, would have gone through some houses at the rear of the engine-shed. Touching the dismissal of the Governor, the Argus says :— "We have reason to believe that on Satur- day last Brigadier-General Carey placed his Excel- lency in possession of the commands he has received to assume the government of the colony until Sir Charles Darling's successor (whoever he may be) arrives. We have also grounds for stating that Sir Charles Darling will continue to administer the affairs of his office for a few days, and that General Carey will not be sworn in for some days to come. There are reasons other than of a public character which detain his Excellency, and which would ren- der it inconvenient to take the course which might be followed in other circumstances. No step of im- portance will, we are informed, be taken in any direction by any party concerned till after the Chief Secretary's explanation of affairs in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday afternoon. Although we can anticipate the nature of the expose, we abstain from giving any further particulars than those fur- nished on Monday, and now." Captain Francis Cadell, so well known in this colony in connexion with the navigation of the Murray and Darling rivers, has for some two or three years past been superintendent of the steam transport service in Waikato, lately the seat of war in New Zealand. He is about to return to this colony and we observe that before leaving Auck- land he received a very handsome testimonial from the officers and men of the service. It consisted of an address, a gold chronometer watch (bearing a suitable inscription), gold albert chain, diamond ring, locket, with likeness of Her Majesty Queen Victoria set in diamonds. The locket also con- tained the likeness of Captain Cadell, by a local artist. 