VWEIGHED AND WANTING. M?. DonsoN's indictment of the late Ministry was drawn up in the mildest terms. This was discreet. A more im. becilo, ignorant, and unsorupulous crew could not be collected. The damage they have done to the country cannot be esti-. mated. They had only one object in view-the retention of place and pay at any price. They would have ruined the colony without a pang if they could have perpetuated the receipt of their own sal aries. All their schemes were tentative, and when failure became apparent in one direction they were prepared to try another experiment. The latest project was directly in the teeth of their pro fession, to abide by fixed customs duties, no income or property tux-retrench ment bringing down the .expenditure to the revenue-and reproductive works. They proposed to raise one-half the revenue by means of an income' and property tax. In England for war pur poses it was only fifteen per cent of the revenue, while here, with peace, it was to be imposed to the extent of half the revenue. Their plan to secure prosperity was to take off £09,000 of taxes, and to impose £1090,000. To add £10,000 in taxes is a queer way of advancing the in terests of a country. • They never at tempted reduction but increased.the ex ponditure. After the verdict of the country had been given at the recent elections, and while they wore provision ally holding office they added to the bur dens of the colony £1,300 a year in the shape of pensions to men who had no claim on the ihard-earned gains of frugal and self-donying colonists. A reduction of £22,000 in departmental expenditure was promised, but the ghost of it has not appeared. The late Colonial Treasurer-the young financier -the impudent baby-on 23rd January 1803, said-" It will be the duty of myself and my colleagues to endeavor to adjust the expenditure to the revenue, and to provide means for meeting the payment of debt in arrear; and this not by an income or property tax, but by a system of fixed, duties on imports." In 1864 they told the House there would be a surplus of £6000, but there was a deficiency of £20,000 which was added to the debt of the colony. In 1865 they passed the succession duties, and created a :now establishment, and said there would be a deficiency of £17,000, but it was founid to be double or £84,000. Under their auspices the public debt had increased to between eighty and ninety thousand, and they had utterly failed in their finances. Mr. Dobson assorted that men on his side of the House were pledged to retrenchment: they had suffered in their pockets. Mr. Gregson interpolated that he had not a shilling, and Mr. Dobson's rejoinder stung to the quick-" some men might have nothing to lose." Mr. Gregson could not be quiet, and interjected "I have, and you know it." This is pure senility if he has compromised with his creditors, or if for him the hat has been sent round the colony, or he has been ousted of his original estate for debt. Mr. Dobson let fall weighty utterances when he said " MEN HAD TO ECONOMISE IN PRIVATE HATTERS, AND 80 THEY MUST IN PUBLIC; HE WENT IN FOR RETRENCHMENT, SBOETHING DARING, SOMETIIING THOROUGH AND SUBSTAN TIAL." Those words will be kept in recol lection, and we hope the future Attor ney-General will redeem the pledge he has voluntarily given. The reduction of the price of waste land has been a dis couragement to settlement, and the appointment of Customs officers at petty ports was impolitic and highly censur able. At Swansea a collector was paid £125 for receiving duties amounting to £1 Os. 9d. We did not think the late Attorney-General' would have said with such unmistakoablo terms with Bottom the weaver, " write me down an ass," when bhe spoke against time. His complaint must have been strong'?upon him that night-" a diarrhca of words." Could not Dr. Crowthor have given him a pre scription which would have cheoked-the disease and prevented it a~suming; the cholera type.? He assumed that' the members were deficient in intellect when .they declined to be enriched by the payment of- £40,000 additional taxation. He is not bothered with much brains himself, and will be "blathernm" to the end of his days. We congratulate the country that it has been relieved of a set of needy, seedy, and greedy imbecilos-incompetent, in capable, and only selfish. What their successors may be time will show. As we gave the last set fair play and just forbearance till they showed themselves to be a wretched sham, so the same op portunity will be afforded to those who follow to show they are worthy or un-, worthy of support. " Sworn to no master, of no sect" are we, and we can afford to be independent, having only the best and permanent interests of the country at heart. 