JOTTINGS ABOUT THE HUON. (From the Australasian, April 7th.) When Europe, Asia, Africa, and America were either under the sea, or just slowly making their way out of it, Australia, if we are to believe the geologists, was already an established institution, and the newest of peoples is inhabiting the oldest of land. Hence it is that nature with us is so odd \- that the trees look like widows bewitched, that the opossums and kangaroos carry their children in natural watch-pockets long after animals turn their's adrift, that cherries grow with the stones outward, and that all the physical world, in a word, is turned topsy-turvy. Certainly there is nothing so striking to a stranger knocking about the Australias as the contrast between the glare and rawness of the newly-arrived two-footed denizens of the soil, and the imperturbable massiveness, strangeness, and gloom of a real Australian wilderness. The only expression of the sensation of the effect of the latter that we can give is, that it impresses us like the Pyramids, conveying just the same oppressive sense of perpetuity, of some- thing without a beginning, and that is never to have an end. We can perfectly believe the gum trees to have existed before the flood. They look as if they had been born in the time of the pre- Adamite giants. They live in their own solemn existences, and have little other life among them. A European forest, however dense, is always full of life. The tall oaks, beeches, and firs shelter under their green boughs a carpet of wild flowers and are musical with the chirping and warbling of the happy birds, flitting at will from spray to spray. Here and there open vistas of glades and patches of turf, upon which we could readily fancy Oberon and Titania disporting themselves in the English moonlight nights. We should certainly not fancy Oberon and Titania taking their voluntary amusement in any Australian forest of our acquaintance (and we have known very many), though we could readily believe in the presence of any number of phantoms, and ghosts. This, of course, is not true of all. The sassafras is a cheerful tree-the mimosa in blos- som is a beauty, Where these predominate the gloom is dispelled. Where the colonist has settled down, and the axe has done its work, the brightness of the young plantations sets off even the dark lining of the surrounding bush. Nor does the normal nature of the wilderness pre- dominate everywhere. Nothing, for instance, can be brighter than much of the exquisite scenery of Queensland, than that wonderfully beautiful region of New South Wales, Illawarra, which is simply the Undercliff of the Isle of Wight, am- plified in length and breadth, as lovely, but far more grandiose. Nothing can be brighter than the course of the Derwent, or finer than the Gipps Land Ranges, or prettier than some bits of the Yarra, or more scenically picturesque than Port Jackson, or-how many more shall we quote ? Still there are regions and regions in Australia which are very grand, perhaps, but haunt the imagination with the idea of some- thing abnormal and unnatural-such as we can see in no other quarter of the world. They appear to be always in mourning. They are utterly lifeless, and life is life, an unanswerable proposi- tion. They are to he found in many parts, but generally we must go far south for them. The damper the climate grows, the denser the vegeta- tion ; the higher the trees, the more entangled the creepers ; till we get to a region where twi- light reigns at midday ; where animal life be- comes almost extinct, and nothing but the rush of a torrent and the mournful sighing of the im- prisoned breeze breaks on the otherwise unbroken silence. Such is the western half of Tasmania, or No-man's land, which from the creation to the present time, has kept its dark secrets impene- trably to itself, and the interest of the Huon is that it lets us drift comfortably into some of the secrets of Nature's Prison- house. It is something to be able to go in a jolly good steamer to a jolly good hotel, to be fed up at cost prices on fish, fowl, cutlets, and civility gratis, and to know that, if we please, we can leave our bones in an impenetrable wilderness a dozen miles off, simply because, if we were fools enough to get into the wilderness without a guide, we should never get out of it alive. Per Culloden steamer we can do or risk all this, and as a new sensation is worth anything in this blase world, we will jot down some of the remembrances of a week or two on the Huon. We are on the Huon, but though the noble stream has its head somewhere or other, (where nobody exactly knows) in what we have dubbed " No-man's-land," there is certainly not much of the wilderness about Franklin, nor much of the wild about host Chesterman and his pleasant wife, in the comfortable inn where we are sitting, boots off, cigar in mouth, and feeling perfectly jolly. (N.B.-.The above solemn commencement was written before dinner, and the sequel after it, which makes all the difference.) The very pleasant day, as we write, has just come to a pleasant end, which makes us feel amiable, and inclined to look upon Franklin as a smoking Liverpool, the Huon as an undeveloped Wye or Moselle, and even the villanous countenance of our boatman as some- what superior to that of a chimpanzee. For we had been obliged to have a boatman, the Culloden like the Victorian Government, having stuck in the mud, though, unlike the said Government, she proved able to get out of it. However, as she was stuck on the bar, though drawing only seven feet, we had to take a boat, preferring always feather beds when obtainable to horsehair mattresses, and with the boat of course the boatman, a horrid old scoundrel, with every kind or low rascality written on his low forehead and yellow-wrinkled baboon ish visage. He had been a " Point Puer" boy, and having duly passed through a course of catechism, told us, like " Uriah Heep," that he had seen his errors, and more, " exhorted" us on the sin of smoking. So on reaching dry ground (it is not easy to reach it through the Huon mud-banks), and care- fully seeing that nothing had been abducted, which, when in the company of a man who has seen his errors is highly necessary, we gave him in return for his virtue a shilling instead of half a crown, and he departed, not with a blessing on his lips, but the word which in English rhymes with " am." But this all passed away with the teacups. Yes ; Falstaff was right, and Johnson after him-there is no place for "taking my rest like my inn ;" and then what a day it had been. It is a question which is the best side from which to see the estuary of the Derwent, the left or right, steaming, that is, for Port Arthur or for the mouth of the Huon. As for the start, of course there can be no two opinions on that subject Mount Wellington is always Mount Wellington, except when it puts on its nightcap of clouds. There are a good many hundreds of thousands of bigger mountains in the world, but very few indeed that, for its height, can compete with its panoramic position. The top once gained is a treeless rock-bestrewn waste, looking fraught with evil. But what a view below ! A moun- tain-land and ocean-world unrolled. High- land upon highland, rolling in huge billowy lines into the far interior ; among them and beyond them, everywhere sea-the salt sea brine, slumbering among cornfields and bathing garden-circled villages, and prisoned among brown pitiless hills, and swelling into deep magnificent sounds that sweep into the embrace of the far-circling ocean. The eye, from this point, takes in a radius of about 60 miles, and looks over one-third of the island. However, it was not with Mount Wellington up in the clouds that we had to do as we steamed out in the Culloden, but with what he would do with us out on the salt sea waves. Cook, the great, was right when he called this estuary Storm Boy. These high steep mountains on the edge of the ocean breed wind more surely than any Lapland witch, and in much larger measure. The moment the table-cloth appears on the top of Mount Wellington, look out for squalls ; and they are squalls. The wind comes down from its mountain eyrie as if it had been discharged from an Armstrong six-hundred pounder, and pitches in the water like a cannon- ball. To-day, however, Æolus, god of winds, was propitious. It was a bright Tasmanian day, and a bright Tasmanian is like no other day, anywhere else, not in Sicily, not in Madeira. The air was like drinking a kiss, perfectly diaphanous, so that the cots and cattle miles off seemed close at hand, and as fragrant as if it had been previously steeped in a mild decoction of roses, violets, and lilies. The Culloden is a respectable old boat, safe and comfortable, neat though not gaudy, and the captain is a trump. The passengers being Huonites are like the Hittites, Hivites, Ismaelites, and other "ites," peculiar tribes, certainly, given to eating with their knives, sucking them, and then sticking them into the general butter, but pious, and seldom failing fraudulently more than once in two years. Likewise, it is good for a traveller to study all phases of society. From Hobart Town quay to the entrance of the channel, which cuts off Bruni Island from Tasmania is about a dozen nautical miles, and all the way the great mountain bears us com- pany, as we steam slowly along, for the old Culloden is not good for much more than eight knots, and as we keep close in shore, the most lovely Combes and Chines, as they call them in the Isle of Wight, are seen opening out into the recesses of the mountain interior. Then there comes a narrow neck of water, flanked by bluff basaltic cliffs, and we glide into the smooth waters of D'Entrecasteaux Channel, in which we are to glide for the next forty miles. D'Entrecasteaux Bruni, Huon-how odd all these names sound among us transplanted, Anglo-Saxons, They date from about eighty years back, at the time when the great revolution in France had not as yet destroyed her magnificent naval resources ; when she had still St. Domingo, and was running England hard for the empire of the seas. How little, when D'Entrecasteaux sent his ships into the narrow channel, which Cook twelve years before had missed, could he have dreamed that the wild shores were he landed his men in a wil- derness were destined to belong to a nascent confederation of states which may in the long run out-balance Europe. Bruni Island however, has not as yet got on very far in the race of civilisation. It is a queer " location," as the Yankees would call it, and par- ticularly queer people live on it. One of the queerest, but among the very best, is old Capt. L. (every one is a captain in Australia), but he deserves his honorary title, for his oddities hurt no one, and his genuine kindness and pluck benefit every one about him. He has seen strange scenes as Government Pilot, and spoken strange words, and done strange things, as far as courage goes, that few men would do. When Captain Toup Nicholas ran into the Derwent with the Vindictive, an old seventy-four rased into a fifty, at the fashion was in those days, he had to lie off and on for three days, the wind blowing great guns, for want of a pilot, old L. very naturally objecting to swamp his boat. When L. at last appeared to take His AInjesty's frigate up channel, he was received with a storm of quarter-deck abuse. " Why the d-, sir," said the gallant and angry captain, who, as Sam Slick terms it, used to swear a few, " did you not see the frigate? You must be as blind as a bat, sir." " Beg pardon, cap- tain," said the unabashed L., "I did sight her three days ago, but I took her for a whaler !" L. had had pretty good reason only a short time before for his not going out in a gale in an open boat even to help Captain Nicholas and His Majesty's frigate. He had put out with three men and a boat to board one of the aforesaid whalers. The sky and sea were all serene, when "Storm Bay " vindicated its name. Down came the gale from the mountain, over went the boat, and under went the men. The next sea righted her, but she was drifting from the land faster and faster, and the sun was down. " Good bye, boys," said L., " I shall swim for it." He had four miles to swim, but he did it, and arrived at midnight at his domestic retreat in the costume of our primeval parents before fig-leaves were invented. The others were never heard of. The old nautical veteran has, we rejoice to know, a love of a house in quiet Bruni Bay, where long may he flourish, for he is a thorough good fellow. It is, after all, not a bad end for an old salt to get out of the wear and tear of winds and waves into a very pretty cottage, covered with roses and verbenas, with the quiet land-locked bay, plenty of fish, plenty of sheep, plenty of gold, and a good and pretty young daughter to look after you. Good bye, good old man, and long may you flourish ! But here comes a boat across our bows, and nearly under our paddle-wheels. They ought to know better, for they have been at nothing else for the last ten years but coming off. As they come close up to us what s queer-looking lot they are. Are they men or are they women? That extraordinary looking being in a conglome- ration of coat, petticoat, and blanket, to what sex does it belong? Its cast-mahogany features at the glance are unintelligible, but when trouble- some Jack, as we dubbed him (the second mate), threw a joke to it, the metallic features opened into a grin, and it turned out to be a woman. There were three other such creatures in the boat, and two other beings, who turned out to be males. Who were they? They were the last of the aborigines, and in our next we shall have some- thing to say about them. - A STORY FROM THE FAR WEST. - The Salt-Lake Telegraph, of the 11th of November, has the fol- lowing :-" The biggest thing yet in the gold mining line, surpassing the Mont Cenis story, is reported discovered at Dry Gulch, four miles from Helena, Montana. The Post talks of ' mil- lions lying around loose,' und the vast amount of gold discovered ' affecting the standard of gold valuation throughout the commercial world.' It is stated that Mr. Brown, a German or Norwegian, has discovered a gold deposit which, in richness and extent, has, perhaps, no parallel in the his- tory of gold mining. The ledge has been traced fully 75 feet. We give the following glowing description of the Post :-' Gold, in almost solid masses, glittered before his bewildered vision. For two weeks longer, unknown to others, he tunnelled into the golden wall. Secreted about him he had several gunny sacks.literally filled with the precious metal ; when longer secrecy became impracticable, from the very extent of his un- expected wealth, Mr. Brown proceeded to record and secure his property, when the public were informed of the great discovery. It is said that he now keeps a strong guard night and day over his seemingly incomputable wealth, while he him- self, unassisted, delves into the golden wall around him, and continues multiplying his sacks of pre- cious ore. One person who was admitted into Mr. Brown's drift states that it presented a scene of wealth more akin to a picture of imagination than actuality. Gold ! gold ! gold ! met the view on every side-above, below, and all around and reflected back its rich hues in the glare of the candle, as if this subterranean vault had been hewn out of a solid ledge of the yellow metal. This gold is found in a well- defined ledge, fully 50ft. in width. The gold vein is three feet wide -three-fourths of the entire substance therein being pure gold ; the remainder mainly bismuth. On each side of this vein there is a casing of one foot of quartz, which will assay from $500 to $2,000 to the ton. The very wall-rock is rich.' -Toronto Globe. FENIAN RIDDLES.-Why is macassar oil like Stephens the chief in the Fenian conspiracy? Because it's a head centre (scenter). When is Stephens' prison door at Richmond gaol like him- self at present ? When it is bolted. DAVID CARNEY, a boy, aged twelve, has died in London from the effects of drinking a quartern and a-half of raw rum. 