T7ESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. Ac ordination s-rv:ce was held on Monday evening, in the Kent Town Jubilee Church. The service teas commenced by the President of the Conference, who gave out the -741! hymn, com mencing—" The saviour when to Heaven he rose;*"' the Eev. S. Wilkinson engaged in prayer. Tke.candidatcs for ordination were presented by the llev. H. H. Gaud, the Secretary -of the Confer ence, who briefly s'ated that the Bev. J. WhewelJ, though he bad laboured in the mission field for severs! yais, had not had any .previous oppor tunity of receiving ordination, and that the Kev. J. Allen had been duly examined before the Conference and received into nil] connexion. The President then called on the candid ites to give ail account of their conversion, experience, and call to the ministry. Mr. Whewslt. described his early religious im pressions, and detailed the circumstances of his conversion. He became a -local preacher in his 17th year, in which capacity be laboured for about five years, and was blessed with success in his efforts to save souls. Having long shrunk from l the task, he entered the ministry in 1852. An afficticn led him to the Friendly Islands, where, amid discouragements and triale, he had received many-blessings. His present.feeling was—"Thy will be done." Mr. Allen was greatly indelited to Sabbath schoobinstruction. He was convinced of sin when about IS years old, soon after obtained the blessing of pardon, and united himself with the Wesleyan Church. He had endeavoured to follow the leadings.of Providence, and, at the request of the Church, took upon himself the wora of calling sinners ic repentance. After labouring for five years as a local preacher he was called to the full work of the ministry, had often been blessed while preaching, and earnestly desired the prayers of the congregation. The Ordination Service from Mr. Wesley's Ab ridgement of the Liturgy was read by the Kev. the President, after which a hymn was sung, and the candidates, kneeling at the altar, received the im position of hands. To each si the candidates the usual Bible was presented. The sacrament of the lord's Supper was then administered to the ministers who had taken part in the ordination and the newly-ordained ministers. Part of the hymn "Gave me the faith which can remove," was sung, and the .ex-President (Eev. J. S. Waugh) proceeded to deliver the ordination charge. He said he would offer but few remarks, b^t would endeavour to stir up their minds by way of remem brance. Their fathers and brethren congratulated them on their position. They were nowset apart, and henowsaid to them. In the name of God, go preach the Word; be instant in season and out of season. The Christian ministry to which they had been ordained was to be exercised in connection with the Wesleyan Methodist Church; and after years of study of herdoctrineanddiscipline they had given themselves to the service of God in her communion. Their preaching shouid he perspicuous, every word having meaning in it, rejecting useless metaphors and mere ornameutatiou. The vice of plagiarism was the vice of the lazy, and its mere mention would be enough for caution. They should read books for thought wherewith to enrich their sermons, but take the fine gold that authors furnish and melt it down in the crucible of their own reflec tions. They should be commended by the con sciences of their hearers. The pulpit of such a preacher would be a throne of power. There was the pastoral office, also, including the administra tion of sacraments and maintenance of godiv disci pline. They must take care of the young'in the flock, paying attention to Sunday schools. They must visit the people of their charge as the friend cf their sou's; much so- called pastoral visitation was useless, and a waste of time. They must follow the indolent to stir them up, the sick to comfort them, and the erring that they might restore them. The pastoral visitation, if duly attended to, would be of incalculable advantage in other duties. They must take care of their piety, retaining spirituality of mind, showing "Holiness to the Lord" impressed on all then conduct, for they that bear the vessels of the Lord must l>e pure. If they were not holy men how could they expect to receive the Holy Ghost? Set without this they would be as sounding brass or a tinkling cymbal. He prayed that the Holy Ghost might now descend upon them. A deeply-solemn feeling pervaded the crowded assembly during the delivery of the eloquent and impressive charge, of which the above is but a meagre outline; and at its close a general response followed the rev. gentleman's closing petition. Another hymn was then sung, and the Eev. J. Calvert concluded with prayer. 