NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. OXXIV. Saturdav, Aucust l8. TnE Olaroiico will havo supplied you with a budget of English news, and news from all quarters ; so if I tako up a modest spaco on this occasion it will bo sufficient. By this mail you will no doubt bo placed iu possession of further particulars of tho remarkable caso of Olivo Wilmot alias tho Princess Olivo alias Mrs. do Sorres, and tho claims of her daughter Mrs. Ryves, and tho son of tho lattor, to ho declared granddaughter and great-grandson, respectively, of tho Duko of Cumberland, brother of King Georgo the Third. Tho claim, you will observo, has boon thrown out, and no doubt most justly so ; bul although the wholo affair was manifestly au imposture, it was a plausible one. Miranda was a gonius in his way, and succeeded in getting tho weather gongo of tho hard-headed and goldon-heartod court of directors of a bank ; but Olivo Wil- mot aimed a higher game, und wanted to hum- bug tho Lord Chief Justico, Lord Chief Baron, and Attorney-General of England. You will no doubt give tho wholo caso whon convoniont, for it is well worth preserving ; and as tho doouiuonls have boen impounded by tho Court, thoy uro not likely to bo made public again. While reading somo of thoso papers you eau hardly fail to cxporienco a sensation somowhat liko that which a young and imaginativo parson feols when reading a thrilling romance-say tho younger Miss Bronte's story of " Wuthering Heights." I must confess that tho apparently heart-felt appeals of that extraordinary old coon Dr. Wilmot, nnd of " Hannah Regina," for justico for tho " Royal children " uftor thoy themselves ure dead, brought to my mind tho fancy of the guest in tho bleak houso at Wuthering Heights, who tells you of the ghost faeo of the doud child pressed against tho window puno at night, and tho weak, plnintivo voice, crying to bo lot in out of tho frost and snow. 'Thoso aro tho sort of stories that I used to read undor the applo trees whon I was a blessed babby in a frill, und tho impressions of which, I fear, nover strengthened any practical common sense that I may havo had. Mrs. do Serres, or tho Princess Olive, and her wild and fanciful mind may recall to somo tho extraordinary Bentley caso in Sydnoy. After all, tho doscondants of groat people do sometimos turn np rather oddly. I will loll you and your readers au instance-not mentioning uames, which will beqnitounneeessarytounyono having tho slightest knowlodgo of English his- tory, but pledging my word in all sincerity for tho fact I am about to mention. You all know, thon, that ubout two hundred and Í n-only yoars ngo, a cortoin king, who was afterwards mado shorter by a hoad, marched into the Parliament Houso of the country over which ho ruled, and ondoavorod to arrest corlniu obnoxious mem- bers, on which occasion ho rocoivod ii reproof and a lesson in parliamentary privilego which has since formed au acknowledged text of par- liamentary rights. Well, I happen to know an establishment in this colony whore two lads, tho doscondants of tho king and tho parliament- ary dignitary respectively, aro working togcthor as apprentices, and on tho best of terms with ouch othor. This may look funny, but it is truo, and if any porsonal friend of mino wants au explanation, in confidence, ho shall havo it, but furlhor publicity would not bo right. Talking of Foninns and of money, David Buchanan's notion against Hanson and Bennett was brought to a closo yesterday, with a verdict for tho dofouduuts on two of the three issues, and for tho plaintiff on tho third, with ono farthing damages. In order to cnablo your readers to understand tho effect of this verdict, I must givo ono or two short passages from the report of tho trial, which occupies nearly two pages in ouch of the morning papers :-" Tho dofoiidants pleaded : FirBt, not guilty. Sooond, that as to part of tho allogod libel, it is truo in Bubstance, and in fact that it was for tho public benefit that the articlo complained of should ho printed mid published, inasmuch ns before and at tho tiino of the leeturo, it was notorious that a largo part of Hor Majesty's Bubjoots living in Ireland and calliug thomsolvcs FoniaiiB woro disaffected towards and had rison in rebellion ngainst tho Quoon, her rulo and Govornmeut ; and it was notorious that somo of tho said Fonians-referred to in tho lecture stato prisoners-had been convicted Ireland of aiding and abetting tho said rebellion ; that before and nt tho limo of tho'alleged libel tho plaintiff' was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Now South Wales, und as such had taken tho usual oath of ollo gianco, and thal ho did dolivor tho said leeturo lo a largo audience (moro than 500 persons) for biro and roward, and did as part of tho anid leeturo speak and publish of and oonoorning tho Quoon, her rule and Govornmont, and of and in relation to tho said robollion of tho said Fenians so triod and convicted, tho words following. [Horo follows port of tho leeturo as publishod in tho Empire's report.] And aho beeauso tho said words so spoken whilst tho plaintiff was a member of tho Legislativo Assembly was a vio- lation of his oalh us such inombor, and wore falso, troaBonablo, and seditious, and wero calcu- lated to create aud fostor among Her Mujosty's subjects, nativos of Ireland in this colony, a spirit of disloyalty and disaffection towards Her Majesty, hor rule and Government ; and to bring about dangerous and unlawful combinations in aid of the said rebellion, and lo mislead Her Majesty's subjects us to tho causes and ohjocts of tho said rebellion, and tho said convictions. And nlBO because the ullogcd libel was printed and published in Sydnoy immediately after tho lecture, and was so worded ns to counteract tho treasonable effect of the sodilious languugo aud conduct of tho plaintiff before referred to." Now after hoaring all the ovidonco, the jury found that the défendants had established thoir plea of justification for tho statements abovo mentioned, und also that they woro published for tho public good ; hut somo expressions in tho leading article complained of wero not in- cluded in tho abovo pleas. To thoso I wish lo draw your attention. They wero moro hints of what public opinion might bo, and therefore did not admit of proof OB assorted facts. Mr. Dalloy, who appeared for Buchanan, and did his best, alluded to thoso passages thus : "Having protended to give bim credit for patriotism, thoy (Iho defendants) went on to nscribo to him a character which, if it existed in our midst, would bo one of tho greatest calami- ties that could happen to the country. If wo had a man in tho position of Mr. Buchanan, and tho character ascribod to Mr. Buchanan in this article, it would bo the greatest calamity. They spoko of him in tho coolest manner as one who would, if ho were in Belfast, leeturo for biro in support of Orangoism, and oxtol the exploits of tho Boys of Derry, and tho equally useless feat of King William passing the Boyne Water. That is, everyone in the country who knew Mr. Buchanan regarded him as a scoun- drel, whoso intellect was for sale, and might bo used for the most worthless purposes. Then thoy went on to say ho would with equal zeal denouneo ' tho Pope, tho devil, and tho Pre- tender,' or ' Luther, Calvin, and the Queen, not to introduce a holier name.' Ono of tho two leading daily papers in this country chose to say of a man occupying a high publio station that for foo or roward bo would oven denouneo tho very Being who mado him. Had thoy ever read anything in tho history of libols Uko that ? Thoy had beard charges of political profligacy and immorality ; but did thoy over hear that a man occupying the position of a legislator, by the election of tho people, was made tho subject of such a libel aB thÍB ? Admitting that tho defendants wero justified in comparing tho plaintiff to Pistol, and in calling him bombastic hireling, had they o right to describo him as an unparalleled blasphemer, who would libel his God for fee or roward ?" Again, at a moro advanced period of his speech, Mr. Dalloy said :-" The language thero used was calculated to inspire universal hatred, to make him tho proper victim of a national prosecution. For it would be unjust to our- selves to allow him to remain in tho country, if what thoy said of him was tho truth. But thejr did not attempt to justify tho worst portions of the libel. Was it for the public benefit that it should be behoved abroad that our credit de- pends upon a Legislature made up of such men as Mr. Buchannan was represented to be. It would bo bottor, if ho woro such a man, to hoap mountains of sand upon his hoad, to bido him from the gazo of tho world." Tho Chief Justico, also, in his careful and im- partial chargo to tho jury, mado tho following remarks :-" Among tho portions not justified wore thoso two whioh had boon spooially dwolt upou by Mr. Dnlloy-(1) That tho plaintiff was ready to do anything for tho sako of biro, or from somo other mot ive, such as ' denounce tho Popo, tho dovil, and tho Protondor, not to in- troduce a holier namo.' This phraso 'holior name,' might mean to imply somo ono holior than thoso proviously named, or it may bo in- tended to moan tho Almighty, or somo othor being that was worshipped. Tho question for tho j my was whethor the Almighty was I ho im- putation to bo convoyed, and if so, thon thoy would ask how much this imputation was cal- culated lo damage tho plaintiff's character." Tho answer wns a verdict for tho plaintiff on this issue, and tho damages woro fixed at ono farthing ! How it will be with tho costs i dou't yot know, but it is supposod thal each party will havo to pay his own. Tho Judgo cer- tified thal it was a propor caso to bo tried in tho Supromo Court. During tho two days of the trial, (ho Court was crowded, but thoro woro no noisy demonstrations. I havo heard, ou what I boliovo to bo good authority, that somo of tho regular undisguisod sympathisers with Fonianiam in Sydnoy-and thoro aro somo whom I should like to seo occupying their minds moi'o usefully- aro thoroughly disgusted with Mr. Buchanan's prooeduro in Court. Thoy maintain timi, ho did say at the lozturo what was imputed to bim, and that ho should havo had tho sincerity to " stick to it." Tho Attornoy-General yesterday recoivod a telegram from London, vid Gallo, stating that leave had boon granted for his appoal from the ruling of tho Supromo Court in tho caso of Bortrund, and that further proceedings with regard to that prisonor aro to bo suspended until the result of the appeal is known. Borlrmicl will, thoreforo, eithor bo finally loft to his formor scntenco of death, or bo placed on his trial again. lu tho former cuso the sontonco will probably bo commuted to imprisonment for lifo. In tho latter I should not bo surprised if ho oscopod conviction, owing partly to tho ab sonco of witnesses. Ti appears lo mo thal tho Queensland Minis- try havo shown good reasons for th«iv coalition, in thoir desire to sottlo tho financial question beforo throwing tho country again into confu- sion by a dissolution. But it seoins only reason- able thal you should attend to financial matters in tho raoontimo, without any attempt, at least, at, "finality " on tho land quoslion, for a now Parliament would bo the host lo deal willi it. Dr. Lang pressed his Chinoso Bill in tho Assembly, and urgod thal Ihoso who had op- posed their introduction had discovered their error! AVhat about " tho three C's" now? Tho hill was thrown out by a majority of two. James Smith, tho prisonor who in aiding tho concorted attempt to escapo from tho polieo oseort at Bargo Brush roooivod n shot in tho arm, which mado it nocossary to ampútalo that limb, has beou tried for participation in tho nmrdor of constablo Raymond, and acquitted. Ho was remandad to oustody on his previous sontonco. Wo had rain in Sydnoy this morning, and tho wonthor, though somewhat less Unvoting, is still uninviting for any guntloman who might deBiro lo perambulate in Calcutta sumuior costumo. Wo havo nows, lelogi'ftphio and olherwiso, of tho changcB that havo taken placo with regard to your duily contompory, and tho conreo into which tho lato proprietor has boon impollod. Currying on a daily paper ia no sad weur and toar upon montai and physical us well as mono tary rosourcoB. It ought to pay woll somotimos, so ns to moko tho literary lottery appoar somo what loss ouo- sided than at present. Tho Lady Bowen arrived last night, and hor departure for Brisbano is postpouod till Mon- day. This goes by tho Florouco Irving. 