GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. Th* following notifications appeared in Tuesday's \- Government Gazette : — Public Vaccinators. — Charles Young Trctter, Esq,, sureeon, for tho district of Dean (Creswick)'; William Dyas, Esq., surgeon, for the distriot of Donnelly's Creek. Powder magazine Keeper. — Senior constable Patrick M'ParUnd, to be keeper of the powder magazine at Talbot. Leprosy amongst the Chinese. — We are in formed that several Chinese infected with leprosy aro now lying on Claytcn's-hill, and that one died on Saturday. This is a matter of very grave im port, and the borough antborities cannot be too vigilant in looking to it. Iu another column will be found our report of the meeting of the Eastern borough council, where it will be seen that the council, as the local board of health, is called on by the central board to make fuller reports. Perhaps the Chinese leprosy, if it exists, will be now reported oa. — Ballaarat Sta-r, August 14. Mining Accident. — About two o dock on Satur day, a serious accident occnrred at the Jersey claim, Golden-square. A drive is being put in by contract at the lower level, and has already reached a dis tance of seventy-two feet. A miner named John Canning had put in a charge, and was tamping with a patent bar, when the charge suddenly exploded. It is said that some of the powder was strewn loosely about. Canning was thrown down with considerable violence, and reoeived severe injuries ; both his eyes were injured, and it is muoh feared he will not recover the sight of one of them. One side of bis body was also severely burnt. At the moment of the explosion a miner named Howarth was en tering tbe drive with some tools. He was also thrown down and slightly injured, but we learned last evening that he will be able to resume work in a day or two. Drs. Eadio and O'Donnell were promptly on the ground, and rendered surgical aid to Canning, who was removed to hia residence, the J Old House at Home restaurant, Golden-square. Last night we heard he was somewhat better. — Bendigo Independent, August 13. A Squatter's Note.- — Yesterday, a stockman, named John Hanley, was brought before the borough police bench under the following circumstances. It appears he was in a refreshment placo, kept by a Mrs Johnson, in Mundy-street, on Saturday sight, and calling for some liqaor, paid for it with what appeared to be a one pound note, receiving tho change. On tbe woman taking the note to a store, to get it changed, it was found to be a promissory note issued by the Messrs Uesailly, squatters in New Sonth Wales. After the man was takon into custody for obtaining money under false pretences, it was ascertained that the note was a genuine one as far as the signature of Messrs Desailly's manager was concerned, and in the portion of the colony where it was used it represented the full value of a pound sterling. Unper theso circumstances the prosecution was abandoned and tbo defendant dis charged. — Bendigo Advertiser, August 14. A Miraculous Escape. — On Sunday afternoon, a little girl named Louisa Stringer, eleven years of age, waa returning with her brother, about seven years of age, from the Church of England Sabbath bebool, JiQglehawk, to her residence in Jackass Flat, and on crossing the Agnow Reef, opposite the police station, she, is a risky mood, ran up a heap of mullock ronnd an old Bhaft, bnt when on the top the loose clay close by the edge gave way, and she fell down tho shaft — a perpendicular one for eighty feet, and then rolled down on tho under lie of the reef thirty feet further. Her brother, hearing her cry, and seeing her disappear, screamed with all'his might, and soon attracted the .attention of the police and other persons residing in the neigh borhood, who hurried over, and a rope being obtained, two minors wore lowered to the under lie, down which one of them went and found the girl lying insensible, and pale as a ghost, with the reticule, in which wero her Saubath school books, grasped tightly in her hand. She was brought to the surface, and her faos and hands mveu wim water, ai waa tnougnt sne was dead ; but after a while consciousness returned, and tho I first words she uttered were, ' Oh, my mother ; my i mother. She'll wonder what's keeping mo oat.' The only injuries she appeared to have received were a scalp wound on the back of the head, and a slight abrasion on the right temple. How she escaped being killed is a wonder ; probably a quan tity of soft earth lying on the top of the underlie on which she first fell acted liko a cushion, breaking the force of the fall and saving her life. The little girl was sent home, nnd was met by her parents, who had in the meantime been informed of the oc currence, and who were overjoyed to see her alive aid very little the worso for the accident. — Bendigo Advertiier, August 14. Death from the Kick of a HonsE. — An acciden', whioh has since proved fatal, occurred at Wyunu on Monday evening, to a hawker named Miles O'Regan. It appears that the unfortunate man was puttiug the harness on hia horse during the stoim whioh took place on that evening, aud that the lightning frightening the animal, it struck out wildly with its fore feet, and O'Regan reoeived a blow in the abdomen. He paid littlo attention to it, however, although tho pain was very great. But on Thursday morning, Mr M'Kenzie, of Wyui a Station, noticing that O'Regan looked very ill, sent for Dr. Crossen, who arrived ouly in timo to tell his patient that he had not long to live. He died at four o'clock yesterday morning. O'Regan was of vory sober and steady habits, and was moch re spected by those who knew him. — Riaerine Herald, August 11. The Country. — We aro told, on good authority, that the plains of Riverina never looked more beau tiful than at present. Overlandors say that for hundreds of miles northwards* from Deniliquin grass iB abundant, and the late rains have crowned the squatters' prospects by filling the natural and artifi cial reservoirs and back creeks j and all along the Darling, prospects which, until lately, were gloomy enough, are now brightening, and now stations are being formed, and Btockod with considerable spirit ; the season is admirable for that purpose. The rain fall here of late, by measurement, is as follows : — June, 14 days, 2 32 inches ; July, 11 days, 0.64 inches ; August, 3 days, 1.25 inches — making nearly 4j inches for threo months ; so that in three days ol this month we have had about twice as much as during all the month of July. The rain descended steadily yesterday (Friday), and we havo overy prospect of a ^continuance. — Riverine Herald, August 11. ^ A Maori Missionary. — The police magistrate was visited, yesterday, at the district. police court, by a Maori gentleman, who had jast arrived by rail from Echuca. Aconversatiou was carried on in the Maoii language, of which Mr M'Lachlan's residence in New Zealand had enabled him to acquire a know ledge. From Mr M'Lichlan's interpretation it ap peared that the Maori had not come ou court busi noss, but on a friendly visit ; that he was a Church of England missicmry, and somo twenty yoars ago, whilo a boy, had known Mr M'Lachlan in Now Zea land. Reminiscences of early life were recalled to memory, and the missionary was evidently surprised at tho police magistrate's acquaintance with places, persons, and occurrences iu New Zealand, and espe cially with Coromandel, whence the Maori hailed. It appears he is a petty chief, and in support of his claims to that character pointed to ou earring some thing like a Bmall cucumber hanging by a ribbon from his right ear ; his faco was, too, tattooed in the highest style of art. — Bendigo Advertiser, Augustl5. Ballaarat Turf Club. — A meeting of the Ballaarat Turf Club was held at Craig's hotel on Tuesday evening, Mr Wm. Leonard in the chair, for the purpose of appointing officers for the ensu ing Bpring meeting oa the 29th and 30th Novem ber, and 1st December. Tho following gentlemen were appointed, viz:— Judge, Mr J. S. Carver; staiter, Mr S. Holgate; clerk of the course, Mr B. Myers ; stewards, Messrs Jno. Simson, W. Craig, N. M'Leod, W. Leonard, D. Daffy, R. Lo Poer Trqncb, and R. Orr. A handicanninr? committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs Wm. Leonard, l'j ? C. Moore, and Wm. Levey. It was agreed that a sum not exceeding £1400 should be voted to wards the programme, the same to be drawn up by the stewards at a future meeting. Regarding tho pri vileges of life members, it was resolv&d; that they should be subject to all tha rules incumbent on annual members. In referer to tbo training oi horses on the course, it waa agreed lhat the ranger (Mr Thornton) should allot? no horse to be trained or exercised npon the cor xsq unless tho owner's training ticket had been previously paid for ; and in the eveRtof that regulation being broken throngh, it was reBolved that the. ranger Bhould be held per sonally responsible for the price of the ticket. Mr Casselli, the Architect , (or the new grand stand, re ported that the worj ; was being carried out satisfac torily, and that it would require about £1000, in addition to the t .monnt already expended, to com plete the. improT omenta, the whole of which wero to be finished ir t time for the next meeting. This completed tha business, aud with the usual vote of thanks to tha chairman, the meeting then adjouraad; —Ballaarat Star , August 15. 