QUEENSLAND. We have Queensland papers to the 8th instant. Ter Labour Supply.-As the lambing season ap- proaches, lond oomplainti are being made by the squatters of the difficulty of obtaining a sufficient supply of labour. There are, no doubt, many men on the tramp looking ont for employment but in too majority of euee they refuse to aooept any but most exorbitant wages. We know of one station at whioh £40 a-year, with the usual rations, has been offered to men who, although con- fessing their want of money, refused to aooept the offer, alleging it was insufficient. At another station, soma men, on applying for rations, weie met by the qneBÜon t " Do yon want work, because if jon do 1 can employ you in forming a dam" ~~*Ibe amount of wages offered wa* IO«, a week, with rations. That waa refused, and the owner of the Btation blackguarded. The men at the same time said they had no money and also domanded a supply of beef and flour. Suoh is the state of thing« at present ¡ suob the disinclination to work exhibited by those who are so constantly complaining of their inability to obtain employment-Courier, Aug. 6. Punishment of Footpads,-On Saturday night week« at a late boar, two men stopped a man at the lower end of Edward'Street. They attempted to take bis wat oh from him, and broke the «bain that was attached to it. The owner of the article they ooveted was of colossal build, and being by no means disposed to part with bia timekeeper on easy terms, knookcd first one and then the other down. He gave them both a trashing whioh neither of them are likely to get over for a few days. No complaint was made to the police, becaaso the man who was stuok np thought he had punished them enough* \- Courier, August 6. The D, D. Gazette, of Aug. 7, says :-" Sinoe our lasfl issue,therehesbeena ohangeof weather in this neighbour- hood Light ooast rains set in on Saturday evening, and thore was a steady fall during the whole of Sunday night. We were visited with a alight shower or two yesterday, bnt tbe wind was variable in the evening, giving prospect of a ohange of weather. The rain that has fallon has done a great deal of good to Ibe gardens and to many of the field orops " Rockhampton.-The following telegram appeared ¡a the Courier of the 7th i-" Rockhampton, August 6. -Two nuggets of gold, weighing severally 13 cancel and 4i onnces, arrived on Saturday from Poak Downs. Six hundred men were discharged from the works on the [ Northern Railway last week. The majority of them found employment at the Crocodile Creek Diggings, the population there varying from eight hundred to one thousand men -Mackay, it is stated, intends to unite with Bowen and Uookhampton as regards the separation movement," When Blaoher, in his hate of France, refused the or.ler of the Holy Ghost, whioh Louis XVIII. wished to oonfer, and the Dake of Wellington tried in vain to persuade him to aooept, " If I do," said the vengeful Prussian, " I will bang the order on me behind." " And if yon do," observed the Duke, " yon will Bhow how muoh you value it by banging it where the enemy will never Bee it." Killing a Gaubkbepeb.-An important point of late., affeotiog accomplices in crime, has been settled at Kingston Assizes, in a trial of five men for murder.. They were out poaohing, and on meeting a gamekeeper a struggle ensued between him and one of the prison ern, named Street, in whioh the gan went off and the former was killed The Lord Chief Baron ruled that, as the joint aot in whioh the parly was engaged was not a felony, but only a misdemeanour, the man who fired the gun waa only responsible for taking the gamekeepei's life. The jury accordingly oonvioted Slreet of manslaughter, and acquitted the others. 