THE LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF CHRIST CHURCH, MARENGO. The above cercmony took place on Wednesday last, the 20th instant, the stone being laid by J. Pring, Esq., of Crowther, who has taken a deep interest in the welfare of the district, and has contributed largely to the funds re- quired for the erection of the church. The church will be built of the stone found in the neighbourhood, which is excellent in quality and very suitable for the purpose. Wc under- stand that the plans were prepared by the Rev. A. D. Soares, incumbent of Queenbeyan, who was an architect by profession before entering the ministry, and who interests himself in the promotion of church architecture in the diocese. The church is in the gothic style. The dimen- sions forty feet by twenty, with an entrance porch eight feet square, and will contain sittings for a hundred and twenty persons. The site is admirable, being in the centre of an allotment of ground, granted by the Government for the purpose, at the corner of Burrangong and Burrowa streets, and when the building is finished it will prove a great ornament to the township of Marengo. The ceremony of laying the stone was commenced bv the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev. W. H. Pownall, Incumbent of the District, read the service appointed to be used on such occasions, together with the following declaration and prayer which, with a copy of the last Burrangon Argus and Yass Courier, were put in a bottle,. hermetically sealed, and placed in a cavity, under the stone:— This Corner-Stone of Christ Church, Marengo, to be built in connection with the United Church of Ingland and Ireland, in the Diocese of Goulburn, N.S.W., to the honour and glory of the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, the son, and the Holy Ghost, was laid by John Pring, Esq., on the twenty-eighth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty- six, in the presence of the Rev. W. H. Pownall, In- cumbent of the District; the Rev. J. K. Newton, of Burrowa; and the principal inhabitants of the town- ship and neighbourhood of Marengo. Bless, we beseach Thee, O Lord God, the rclip nis scryice of this day, and grant that, in this placee, which is to be set apart to Thy glory, Thy Holy Name may be worshipped in truth and purity to all generations. Grant, also, that they who have desired to promote Thy Glory upon earth, and to make Thy saving health more widely known by building this Temple to Thee, may see the fruit of their godly zeal in the conversion of sinners, and the extension of the Saviour's Kingdom. Thus may Thy Great Name be glorifed. Thy Kingdom come Thy will be done on earth, as it is done in Heaven for Thine is the Kingdom, the power, and the Glory forever and ever. Amen. The stone being lowered into its proper posi- tion by the contractors (Messrs. Gunner and Wilson), it was laid by Mr. Pring in the accus- tomed manner, with the following declara tion:— forasmuch u Ahnieh^T feod accepted the pur- 1 i of His aervar tii, David and Solomon, to buil- ___ Temple at Jerusalem, and, nothing doubting but tbft he favourably olloweth this charitable design of ^mrs to build a House to History, I, therefore, on3>ehalf of JKB Church and people, lay this stone of;® Church to bear the name of Christ Church, to the honour and glory of Almighty God. Then followed the Te Deum, after which Mr: Pownall briefly addressed those present, dwel- • ling on the--importance of the work thoy had that day commenced, with their indebtedness ' to God for all the mercies they enjoyed, and he urged them to contribute, largely • and willinglyto the erection of the Church, that they might be followers of King David, who, in reference to tho building of tbe temple, said, " I have prepared with all my might for the house of my. Goa." He then remarked" that, if they would only enter upon the.work of building a house , for God with aW their might, with God's blessing , the result would be no failure. After the singing of the doxology, the blessing was pronounced, and the proceedings terminated with three times three hearty cheers or Marengo and its kind benefactors. 