THE WAR IN EUROPE. LATEST INTELLIGENCE, PER THE KAIKOURA, FROM PANAMA. (From the Argus) Home News Office, Monday, July 2. We have given an account, founded on tele- grams from Berlin, of decisive victories on the 27th and 28th June over the Austrians by the armnies under the command of the Prince Royal of Prussia and Prince Frederick Charles. Now we publish the Vienna telegram, which claims for the Austrian army a decisive victory on both points. In a case where representations so en- tirely conflicting as those of the Berlin and Vienna telegrams are made, it is, of course, impossible to say on which side the truth lies. That one of them must be grossly deceiving the public is obvious, unless we are to suppose that the battle, which lasted two days, remained undecided, and that each party, therefore, claimed the victory. Not only does each side claim the victory in the field, but the Berlin accounts state that the Prus- sians took Munchengratz, while the Vienna accounts state that the Prussians were driven con- siderably to the north-cast of that place. The following official despatch, dated Vienna, June 29, 8.15 a.m., relates to the battles of June 28:- PARDUBITZ, June 29. The Prussians were yesterday completely de- feated by the Austrian force under General von- Gablenz. Leaving behind 1,000 killed and woun- ded, they withdrew to Prussian territory towards Glatz. After occupying Jicin yesterday, the Prus- sians were attacked by the cavalry division of General von Edelsheim; they were driven out of Jicin, and repulsed towards Tiernau. In conse- quence of this defeat, the Prussians last night evacuated Melnik, Druba, and Leipa, and with- drew in great haste to Niemes. The Prussian losses by General von Edelheim's attack were enormous. The strategic operation of the Austrian army was completely successful. The junction of Prince Frederick Charles with the army of Silesia was prevented. The Austrian loss in the battles of the last three days is estimated at nearly 2,000 killed and wounded. The Prussian loss is at least equal. VIENNA, July 1. The first Austrian army corps and the Saxon corps were repulsed yesterday by the Prussians. In consequence of this repulse, the Austrian army fell back in the direction of Kouingsgratz. BERLIN, July 1. The following official despatch has been received from the head-quarters of the Crown Prince of Prussia : "The result of the three days' fighting, in which the 5th Prussian corps has been engaged, cannot be too highly estimated. On the 27th it was opposed by the 6th Austrian corps, under General Ramming. A letter was found, addressed by the latter to General Benedek, in Josephstadt, which affords complete proof that the forces under his command were thoroughly exhausted. He therein requested General Benedek to send him two fresh brigades, in order that his troops might bivouac under their protection; and acknowledged that they would not be able to fight on the following day. The 5th Prussian corps was, therefore, opposed on the 28th and 29th by the corps of the Archduke Leopold and General Testeties. The fighting on these two days extended over a much greater line than on the 27th. The Austrian corps under General Gablenz was completely broken up. Besides innumerable prisoners, twenty guns, five colours, and two standards, belonging to the corps of General Gablenz, fell into the hands of the the Prussian troops." LAUBAN, July 1. It is announced that the total loss of the Aus- trians up to the present is 20,000 men. (FROM THE DAILY TELEGRAM SPECIAL CORRES- PONEDENT WITH THE PRUSSIAN ARMY.) REICHINBERF, June 24. At last we have entered Boheia. As far as the eye can reach, it sees only columns advancing and sweeping past. On crossing he borders, and defiling before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite, they fill the air with neverendings acclama- tions and snatches of song--" Ich `en ein Preusse," "Oh du Deutschland, ich my marsehiren,, s "Hinnaus in die ferore mit lautrem hoserklang," and c so forth. The strophe "Der freihite hauch geht machtig durch die welt," is still enging in my ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing the simply grand and majestic line of mountain standing out in sharply defined outline against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spur a from column to column, now suddenly pulls up an anxiously scans, with the help of the telescope ad the map, the range of country before us. To Prince's head- quarters are for the time being-probably only for a day-at Schloss Harfenstea, the pro- perty of the general of the army comforting us, Clam Gallas. Perhaps the name is a god omen for us; for, from the era of the thirty rs' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallasas never won a battle. All the generals of this have been called by the Viennese the " Heertlmel",, drums of the regiment-- because they are only heard of when beaten. But to be sure of Gon- drecourt commands under Clam Cuallas, d he is r a bold man of iron. The troops are now touack ing on an eminence. Out of the mids of the soldiers camping round the fires towers horrible statue-that of St.Nepomuck. Artillery, ggage trains, cavalry, infantry, repose in marching order, partly in the streets and partly in the open lacesi. Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyramids; horses tied in pairs; guns and carriages are up in long rows. In spite of the enormous fages of the march, the troops are in capital s o making the hills resound to their singing shouting. An hour ago single shots were e at a distance. Now we know what they mean at the moment I am writing they are bringing our first prisoners, two Radetsky hussars, mag- nificent fellows, with handsome clear-out features, and a dark defiant expression. While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast; and now the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven, and-in the mud. Every fire is extin- guished; nevertheless the sound of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are heard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau to Reichenberg, alarms were constantly sounded- what for, I am unable to say. To-day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They be- lieved and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy; a vain hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront us in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Reichenberg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The 35th and 60th (the Zonaves of the army), the 24th and 64th (the vic- tors at Alsen), in spite of their diminutive figures, strike the beholder wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough tussle with an enemy superior in numbers! The Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the lithe, supple Branden- burgers. One gives these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit--even before proof-for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they, too, like their forefathers in the War of Liberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous-I should say irresistible; but whether, like the Branden- burgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prus- sians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly. Releheen- berg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country, surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now dis- appears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the hills lie the famous battlefields of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The appearance of the distant hills grows more threaten- ing. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain tops, shrouding them from our view. Thithorward lies our line of march. What awaits us there? I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which will herald in the first great battle. "Both parties claim the victory." It is curious to observe with what vehcmeunce the North and South German organs alike persist in asserting, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained re- spectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documents, &c.; whilst the Prussian and the Aus- trianu armies are severally represented by the or- gans of their opponents as not mulch bolter than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is the most to blame for much exaggerations, but the truth is generally to ho got at by compar- ing the several statements, and waiting, for con- firmation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. In some organs of the German press it has been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace had been made by Austria at Berlin, through special confi- dential agents. According to these rumours Prussia was to have all Hohenzollern, and part of former Austrian possessions, now divided between Baden, Wurtemnberg, and,Bavaria. On the other hand, it is stated that Herr von Sydow, formerly Prussian representative at the German Diet, has. during the last few days, been twice called to the King of Prussia, and it is asserted that an important mis- sion to the Emperor of Austria was to be confided to him. He did not accept it. Herr you Sydow is reported to be in favour of the maintenance of the Confederation. (FROM THE SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT OF THIS DAILY TELEGRAPH.) FLORENCE, JUNE 26. This morning brings us very little fresh intel- ligence front the seat of war. Late last night there was a report in the city that the Italians had won a great victory, and had taken Peschiern. I was sitting in Vieussoux's reading-rooms, so well known to all Anglo-Italians, when I was startled by the somewhat unusual sound of cheering in the streets. I went out, and found a large crowd assembled be- fore the palace of the Syndic, who were all shouting that Peseheira w:a taken, and who kept up a sort of running fire of hand-clapping whenever anybody repeated the intelligence. I knew that was im- probable, though not impossible, for up to 5 o'clock no news of any kind had been received at the Government offices; but even sensible Floren- tines, whom I recognised amongst the crowd, were so excited that it was useless to argue with them. It fact, the reaction from the painful impression created by the morning's news had for the moment overpowered their reasoning faculties. Nobody could tell front what source the information was derived; but everybody was certain that everybody else was well imformed. Flags were hung out; strangers shook hands with each other in the streets; for about an hour Florence was beside her- self. The faculty of sifting information for one- self is not strongly developed amidst the Ita- lians. Considering that till within the last seven years they have lived under paternal government, whose chief object was to prevent their subjects from exercising their own minds, would be odd if this were not the case. I am not blaming the Italians for their want of accuracy; I am only stating a fact that anybody who has over had any dealings with them in business matters will be sure to corroborate. There never was a country in which unauthentic rumours were more certain to gain currency in time of war than in Italy; and this inevitable readiness to accept any idle report as gospel is exaggerated by the rigid exclusion of all independent reporters from the Italian camp. It is all very well for the government authorities to declare that their official bulletins convey the whole truth; but no nation, and above all no suspicions nation like the Italian, can be expected to place implicit credence in the veracity of Govern- ment bulletins. This morning an edict has been issued by the municipality, announcing that severe punishment will be inflicted on the wilful propa- gators of false rumours; but this edict will cer- tainly not stop the spread of idle reports. There are great advantages in keeping all military movements secret, but thon there are great advan- tages also in the support given by popular enthu- siasm, and it is very difficult to combine these opposite advantages. Up to the present the en- thusiasm with which the outbreak of war was greeted continues unabated, and if the campaign should prove, as scoms probable, to be a long and arduous one, publicity will be found necessary to sustain the spirits and energies of the nation. Meanwhile, the manner in which this first re- verse has been borne is encouraging for the pros- pects of the nation. There is no sign of discour- agement visible anywhere; no doubt is entertained of the ultimate triumph of the national cause. The common impression amongst well informed persons here is that the battle of Sunday was a mistake. The siege of the Quadrilateral is not supposed to have formed part of the plan of the campaign; and yet, unless there was some notion of capturing Pesehiera, it is difficult to imagine why the Italian army should have attempted to occupy a position between Peschiera and Verona. It is surmised, therefore, that the passage of the Mincio was undertaken rather as a political demonstration than as part of a serious attack against the Quad- rilateral. According to this theory, the first corps was sent out to reconnoitre the position of the enemy. Owing, however, to the ardour of the troops, and their desire to win a victory on the anniversary of Solfermo, they advanced too far, and get engaged in a battle which was not designed. Such is the explanation which I have heard given to-day, front a good source of information. To-morrow I hope to write to you from some place nearer the scene of action. 