RAILWAY 'IROURESS. We lokethe fsollowing fromi the Cottir's Sutninary, Lrosting tllhat the infortntiion (onvteyed is Comewhlot nmore dnle thani th hatltFurieised irspectig t-ho worlis liom sIpswieh to Toooeombu:- The extension from Toowootmb to ])albi is being coried oult by Mr. RBoune. iThe follow'in'g desriln tion of ithe work' s hbibeens forwardedi to us :--]'Proceed ing Lons Toowoomhu ltong lthe line toward- s its western tlert mits, tile firstI work Iof istleret is a ibur span bridge over BhwIrk Gully. Etmblkmenls lof eartihwork Ivre beeln formed lll both ends. Ahuu(t a mile filnom Toowoonmbs, Ithere is the first ballaslt pi; st large quslioty of blue stone metalo (about 41000 eubi,.i ylrds) shas islresly beent raised tnd got rends tFr lay isg on tlhe permanelent -y-. There ire orer D80 meni riugoged itn laying the balontl in telps nlotlg tlbs lines. It tsl'avtesisg ithe lexst sevelt stil'es, we pilssed a 0 tittm ber of blridsges that au d been finishlied ; and noticedl lthat Ihe embanlkmetst itn eonleteion i ith them nwere in an udvsnoed stale. A considerable qualltilt of timber has bees cut ullil Ithid oni tite ground. t is isterled for sleepers utd, fetisig tpurpose.s. .Musth credit oalght to be psid to thle leisident. Etlgilneer for Isaving thie tismber filled at tile proper sesson, and thorsoughly dried before beintg aoed. At ilttenod along e lisa ll Ihere are colleclions of bhallast anlt limbser, l ill rendiness tIlbr use. .\t GoOwrie Crieel n sisduct is iout to be osnstrulted. It 'ill be of l tubrhutntill hlllstneler'. dlld will ]tae twIelve o])enin-igs or stlanoe. IMont of its matsterial bfor it has been laid Ot ithe g-oultisd. isid ptrobsbly the sisduitt will be lnisihed ill too llontlst. 'The lille l;il Jli pot rtsis s-hose os (ourit Hill, anud tut s end i t uios of (lowrie rsus lies a little to tihe leftI ,being si luntedon thile ietk. About Ibst miles flitlhier oil Ihere is isotIsher isltoal del)o (No. 3), where osome 15,000 or 1ti,0O00 eutbie yards of illeil Il;ave benll exear lels. itlld pieilet ii" tlels ttsesti feet hIigih alo- the lil, .ren idy ir titeliate Iuse. Eighlts men ut: d tisent-t, lirssest " is-i tto splayed na thil plice. lits sonle-ator is ibrhitte its b eisg able to isostre bhllo-i, of whicllh t large lulstilv ssill be lreehdell. n olellietll distsillst, flotn ihe li hne. h]ue utolle is of good ItuUlily. At Oisky Ctr-ek thsrse nrs tlssee or fbur shundreud piles o il tie gsround forlthe ssn etrtsltion s1' a ltgp viaidust . This bridgs will be tllts lh'gesL on ist- liia'. It ib to cois-iet of ,tlirhs ts nse. T]e ttibser to be useds in it- cosustlriion it i irouburk : it it broughlt fliom n it lirstarce of heeloIj nilee, aud ies quality is .lhpsitrior. lor thle Iexlct teeltive ofotlourleel milies atlT leaving Oaly (ureekl. Ie swork is let on tile " buily" gntg e.elemt and it is bound. Ito wer idmirobly. lalgSilif tasrosugs JdoldarSiyat Scrub where Ise litsne ills been lieared of'tiltber wee iomse in U 1 liit smllle twci e tiles -lsl-oss. titn tllie set'lionu tielsc are Ils)0 iiit'l emelolyeds io exeCiavling ipntd a Inrge ItumbeLr ill geittilst t-leorll ticr thlie ehepers aoUd li-e.es. Tihe line thr- ghost tite ies si is cis-sed and ready fbr the sexcsalitots-, Atbout. fottr ssis- of tlie liet , .I lthe lIaltby -cd tare bees fan'tmeil. Althgtther tlie s oaere tile ill foeeaolld o lsL. !thit-w lire t mllell eetiloyelt in ntil, hing ex-clv.a iots lir geitieg bll]asit, sintd -10es) in prot-uring timber. On she \Varlick exten ion (sioe wooebat to War isisk) itc- ll s eltlslss s ull;o bc inns esIgiaged iti ise pruli niusaic Ialeour of sikiiti trioal it, euiveyiung hile slalt to the grouat. dU. (.lreat Noi'ih<liri ttcihrac.-I'isa cossrulesslos foe l'ise lise sre st'escs'. lirstn lious- is.d suchIleto. <'liir the lilet dir isi-a, extisliing filts-n tsile.- i-ots lboskhamp 1 a0, the isisL, iieluditig tosncisig, eide tmints. carlth eros-ik. side ritititgs, culverts, etct lood volduots, h?ev bstlt proceel'dssd seitit s-it- sidtsir alos-itg ist-e ptst?C mt Ilh. Middh, t.reet ? ridge litst bteat csmsleted, asd Nec, -ol tereel bride ie partly huilt. Oft the I e-tolt diti sisul en br-c ing tieesmtsisni-g lifteen silee, tsi tl]ling atd hle'isug arct tirly eomtlteed. The Sfencing. eide drains-, esirtlshworor sot nide cuttings haoe Ierog 'reeeaed eansr .tstcsbly. tassty of tie eilherIs linave bect linisised, itnd lits re-sislder are beilg rapidly eusetruteid. lihe bridg,- a'rea- cast'e Creek i.- it courebc of erection. At thle Rocklhampton terminus the fitting shope, engine and carrriage shed?, harve been built. A five-Ion crane has been erected on tle wharf, and the foundations of the goods shed have been klaid. The contractors have ehoen a disposition to carry out their contract faithfully, and the works have been car ried on eatisfectorily. 