CURIOUS WILLS. court circular." Some who, in life, would not have given a cup of water to a beggar, by their wills leave enormous sums to charities, to secure for them selves a kind of posthumous admiration. Others allow not their resentments to sleep with them in the grave, but leave behind them wills which excite the bitterest feelings an 4, animosities among their surviving relatives. Some wills are remarkable for their conciseness and perspicuity ; others for their unprecedented shapes and curious contents. One man provides for a college, an other for a cat ; one gives a legacy to provide bread and herrings for the poor in Lent, and kid gloves to the minister ; while others provide for bull-baiting, the welfare of maid servants, and the. promotion of matrimony. John Hodge has kept his name out of oblivion by giving twenty shillings a year to a poor man to go about the parish church of Trysail during sermon-time, to keep people awake and dog out of church. Henry Green, of Melbourne, Derbyshire, gave his property for providing green waistcoats for four poor women every year, such waistcoats to be lined with green galloon lace. In the same neighborhood, and inspired by a similar feeling, Thomas Gray provided gray waistcoats and gray coats. John Nicholson, stationer, of London, was so attached to his family name, that the bulk of his property was given in charity for the support aud maintenance of such poor persons in Eng land as should appear to be of the name of Nicholson. David Martinett, of Calcutta, while giving directions to his executor,, says : — " As to this fulsome carcass, having already seen enough of worldly pomp, I desire nothing relative to it be done only its being stowed away in .my old green chest to save expenses." He the queathed to one man all the debts he owed> and to another his sincerity. A Lancashire gentleman, in the last century, having given his body to the worms of the family vault, bequeathed au ounce of modesty to the authors of the " London Journal " and " Free Briton," giving as his reasons for the smallness of the legacy, that he was " convinced that au ounce will be found more than they'll ever make use of." Another testator, after having stated at great length in his will the number of obligations he was under, bequeathed to his benefactor ten thousand — here the leaf turned over, and the legatee, turning to the other side, found the legacy was ten thousand thanks. A testator, who evidently intended to thwart his relations aud be a benefactor to the lawyers, gave to certain persons "as many acres of laud as shall be found equal to the area inclosed by the centre of oscillation of the earth in a revolu tion round the sun, supposing the mean distance of the sun twenty-one thousand six hundred semi-diameters of the earth from it." ;rAn uncle left in his well eleven silver spoons to his nephew, adding, " If I have not left the dozen, he knows the reason." The fact was, the nephew had some little time before stolen the twelfth spoon from his relative. Sir Joseph Jekyll left his fortune to pay the National Debt-. When Lord Mansfield heard of this, he said: "Sir Joseph was a very good man and a good lawyer, but his bequest was a very foolish one ; he might as well have at tempted to stop the middle arch of Blackfriars Bridge with his full-bottomed wig!" Lord Pembroke gave " nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I gave him because I know he will bestow on the poor and then, after giving equally peculiar legacies, he finished with " Item. I gave up the ghost." Dean Swift's character is exemplified in his will. Among other things he bequeathed to Mr. John Grattan, of Clommethan, a silver box, " in which I desire the said John to keep the tobacco he usually cheweth, called pigtail. The celebrated Sarah, Duchess of. Marlborough, left Pitt £10,000 for " the noble defence he liad made for the support of the laws of England, and to prevent the ruin of his country. A similar bequest was not long since made to Air Disraeli. Bacon left a will appointing six executors, but no property execept his name and memory, which he bequeathed to "men's chaitabla speeches, to foreign nations, and the next age." Lord Clarendon had nothing to leave his daughter but his executor's kindness ; and Lord Nelson left neither a will of real or personal estate behind him, although he bequeathed his "adopted daughter to the beneficence of his country. Milton's will was nuncupative— that is, by word of mouth, he being blind at the time he made it. Shakespeare's was made in regular form '; so was Byron's. Chatterton's will was astrauge one, consisting of a mixture of levity, bitter satire, and actual despair, announcing a purpose of self- destruc tion. . . Others wrote their wills in verse, and as a specimen, we will give that of William Jacket, of the parish of Islington, which was proved in 1787, when no witnesses were required to a will of personal estate : — I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, " To my two loving sisters so dear The whole of my store, Which God's goodness has granted me here. And that none may prevent, \- This my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemu appeal, I confirm, sign, and seal, This the act and deed of Will Jacket. Some wills contain a kind of autobiography of the testator, as well as his thoughts and opinions. Such was the will of Napoleon, which gave a handsome legacy to Chantilloni" who had as much-right to assassinate that oligarchist, the Duke of Wellington, as the latter had to send me to perish on the rock at St Helena.'. Such also was Sir William Petty's, which states, with a certaiu amount of self-pride, that " at the lull age of fifteen, I had obtained the Latin, French, and Greek tongues," and at tw enty years of nge, " had gotten up three score pounds with as much mathematics as any of my age were knowno have." A good constitution is like a money box— its ful value is never known till it is broken. A Frightful Contingency. — A farmer from the neighborhood of Galston took , his wife to see the wonders of the microscope, which happened to be exhibiting in Kilmarncck. The various curiosities seemed to please the good woman very well, till the animaculae contained in a drop of water came to be shown off. These seemed to poor Janet not so very pleasant a sight as the others. She sat patiently, however, till the "water-tigers," magnified to the size of twelve feet, appeared on the sheet, fighting with their usual ferocity. Janet now rose in great trepidation, and cried to her husband, 'Forgude- sake, come away, John.' 'Sit still, woman,' said John, ' and see the show.' ' See the show ! — gude keep us a' man, what wad come o' us if thae awfu' Jike brutes wad break oofc o' the water,' 