THE LATE MR GUSTAVUS VAUGHAN BROOKE. The news which the mail has brought us of the loss of the London, fraught as it is with evil tid ings to private circles, bears another aspect in a public sense. All are struck with the horror of the calamity which has overtaken so many ; but a universal feeling of deep and genuine sorrow exists at the untimely end of Mr G. V. Brooke. The actor who has charmed us so often has ended a career, which, whatever passages of gloom it may have been marked with, was lit up with meteor flashes of success. The pleasant voice we were wont to hear is hushed in death ; and the admirers and friends (whose names are legion) of the great departed, are unable to pay him the last tribute of respect. The hungry sea has claimed the greatest actor of the age, and he has followed poor Tyrone Power, his only equal in Irish comedy, who was lost in the ill-fated President. Among all the stories which will no doubt be told by the survivors of the deeds of heroism done by those who so nobly perished, none will go more to the hearts of Victo rians than poor Brooke's last words to the steward of the fated ship, 'If you succeed in saving your self, give my kind farewell to the people of Mel bourne.' It is gratifying to know that, even then, with an awful death awaiting him, he thought of those with whom he had spent the sunniest hours of his life ; and more gratifying still to be assured that he met his death like the high-hearted, noble gentleman he was. That message from the sea has been read now, we dare to say, by almost every man and woman in the colonies. Mr Brooke, it will be seen, was not alone on board the London ; his sister was near him to the last, and her presence must have been both a solace and a grief to him. Another, dearer to him than she, his wife, late Miss Avonia Jones, he happily left in England, though she was to have followed him to these shores, after fulfilling a Lon don engagement. Knowing the general interest that will be felt in all that concerns Mr Brooke, we proceed to give a detailed sketch of his life : — Gustavus Vaughan Brooke was born on the 25th of April, 1818, at Hardwicke-place, Dublin. His father was a gentleman of property, but he died before Gustavus reached the age of seven. Our great actor, therefore, scarcely knew a father's care ; but the affection of a tender mother lightened the bereavement. The first rudiments of education were instilled into him by his remaining parent, who still lives in Dublin, in the house of her son — that son having, with a due recollection of a mother's love, conveyed to her a life-interest in the whole of his father's estate. While a mere child, Master Brooke was sent by his mother to Edgeworthstown school, then conducted by a brother of Miss Edgeworth, the distinguished novelist. There his engaging man ners made him quite the pet of the family, who selected him as a companion for Essex Edgeworth. Maria herself (the novelist) took a great interest in the welfare of the little student, and frequently ad mitted him to dine with her — an honorable notice, which he regarded with a childish but natural pride. His progress in the school was very rapid ; for his precocity was, as we shall soon see, remarkable. His genius not only budded but blossomed in the fresh spring of life. Under the care of Lovell Edgeworth he was grounded in the knowledge of the ancient classics, and trained in all those exer cises which promote a healthy development of body as well as of mind. In running, wrestling, fenc ing, leaping, he soon became distinguished for his lightness and elasticity of limb, and he retained his proficiency in these manly arts to his latest hour. He left the school of the Edgeworths to be placed under the direction of the Rev. William Jones, to whom was confided the task of preparing him for college, as his mother intended to have him educated for the Irish bar. Master Brooke, however, burned in secret to enter that seem ingly enchanted arena of display — the stage. At the time we speak of, that distinguished trage dian, Mr Macready, was fulfilling a brief engage ment in Dublin. Gustavus, then fourteen years of age, requested permission to go to the theatre. His desire was granted ; and that night proved an era in his existence : we believe it was the first time he had ever entered a theatre. The performances had such an effect upon him that he left the theatre in a state of excitement bordering upon ecstasy : his mind was made up ; and from that hour he re solved to be an actor. The next morning he boldly called upon Mr Macready. The distinguished tragedian received him very courteously, and, with a fatherly care, admonished him of the perils, dangers and hardships of the theatrical profession. Gustavus listened with respectful attention, and re tired ; but his resolution was unchanged by the warning he had received. As nothing resulted from his interview with Mr Macready, our young hero called upon Mr J. W. Cal craft, manager of the Theatre Royal, Dublin, A tall youth, of fifteen, without any experience in the dramatic art, desiring to make his first appear ance in a principal character, in the first theatre of the Irish metropolis, had in it at first an air of ab surdity, and the probability was the young Roscius would have been dismissed with a smile at his pre sumption. But young Brooke's bearing was sin - gularly manly and gentlemanly, and something in his manner attracted the notice of the manager, who was at length induced to hear him recite the well- known extract from ' William Tell,' usually called ' Tell's address to his native mountains.' That he delivered with such grace of action and power of elocution, that Mr Calcraft could not withhold an expression of approval ; but that was the only result of the interview. But the opportunity of the young Roscius was nearer than either he or the manager anticipated. Mr Calcraft had made an engagement with the great Edmund Kean. A se vere illness, however, prevented that surprising de lineator of the passions from keeping his engage ment. What was to be done ? Suddenly the ma nager thought of his late visitor ; an Irish audience is easily taken by novelty ; still it was a dangerous experiment. He resolved, however, to put it in practice; and having sent for young Brooke, en gaged him for one night as a trial. The delighted youth accordingly made his appearance on Easter Tuesday, 1833, in his coveted character of William Tell. On this occasion he evinced considerable his trionic talent, and high hopes were entertained of his ultimate distinction. An engagement was the result of this success ; and he subsequently ap peared as Virginius, Frederic in ' Lover's Vows,' Douglas and Rolla. Master Brooke's education in the histrionic art now commenced in earnest, and he labored at his newly-adopted profession with the most untiring assiduity. He next por formed at Limerick, then at Londonderry, and after that he was engaged at Glasgow for a period of twelve nights. So great was his success that he was immediately re-engaged there on very favorable terms. From Glasgow he proceeded to Edinburgh, where, after playing for one night as a trial, he was engaged for the rest of the season. Mr Brooke's reputation reached the metropolis, and several offers were make him for the London theatres. At length he accepted an offer from Mr Macready, when that gentleman became the manager of Drury Lane, in 1840. It was stated at this time that Mr Brooke, on finding himself cast to play Laertes to Mr Macready's Hamlet, immediately wrote to the manager, saying that he was only in the habit of performing one part in the play, and that was Hamlet, and that Mr Macready might play The Ghost if he pleased. This statement is not correct. The opening play was ' The Merchant of Venice,' and Mr Brooke, who had been engaged to share the second busi ness, or juvenile tragedy, with Mr Anderson, was announced for the insignificant part of Salarino. He immediately declined the part, and legal proceedings were threatened by the irate manager, but not ini tiated. Some years passed by, and Mr Brooke still remained in the provinces. At length he accepted an engagement from the management of the Olym pic Theatre, where he made his first metropolitan appearance as Othello, on the 3rd January, 1848. Tho house was crowded by an expectant audience, among whom were many distinguished members of the press, and also of the dramatic profession. Mr Brooke's first appearance was hailed with a shout of vehement applause ; his bold and majestic figure was singularly striking; but after this he proceeded almost in silence ; the audience appeared to be dis appointed in the actor concerning whom fame had blown so loud a trumpet. This was evidenced by an increasing inattention on their part, conversation going on so loudly as seriously to in terrupt the performance. At length, in the commencement of the great scene in the third act the stage-manager entered, and begged their attention for the debutant. They were not, he said, doing justice to Mr Brooke, or behaving with their usual generosity. The rebuke was taken in good part, and a loud cheer was given to reassure the insulted actor. During this scene, Mr Brooke had retired to a couch at the back of the stage, where he sat, seemingly overcome, and with his eyes bent on the ground. Slowly raising his head, he gave the audience a look so dejected and appealing, that universal sympathy was enlisted on his behalf, and a hearty shout of applause was followed by profound silence. The scene proceeded till he came to the lines — 'If thou dost slander her and torture me, Never pray more.' Never, says a critic, did we ever listen to anything more fearful in its racking sublimity of passion ; a simultaneous emotion ran through the house like an electric shock. The whole audience rose, and greeted the actor with loud and repeated cheers. He had fired them with enthu siastic excitement, and from that moment was acknowledged as one of the greatest tragedians of the day. The newspapers of the following day were unanimous in their congratulations, and many (the Times amongst the number) compared his success with that of Edmund Kean in 1814. Mr Brooke's fortune now seemed disposed to strew his path with roses ; a brilliant opportunity was before him, and he even declined the liberal offer of £15 per night for one hundred nights certain, from Mr Webster, the late manager of the Hay market. This refusal was considered very ec centric, as, had he fulfilled the engagement, he must have established himself as the one actor who could take the place of Edmund Kean. He returned to the provinces, and, after a brilliant tour, accepted an invitation to visit the United States of America. Mr Brooke's debut in America was at the Broadway Theatre, New York, on the 15th of December, 1850. The character selected was Othello — a creation of the great Elizabethan bard's, which Mr Brooke's brilliant talents have made his admirers consider peculiarly his own. His success in New York was brilliant and unqualified. No audience ever received an actor with more favor, or were excited to greater enthusiasm. He was sometimes called before the curtain, to receive their congratulations, even three or four times during a single performance. Our tragedian left New York, having won from its citizens a confirmation of the renown he had earned in the mother-country. Fame had blown a loud blast upon her trumpet to herald his approach ; he had sustained, if not exceeded, the expectations formed of him ; and he left that city crowned with the laurels and wreaths of flowers which had been laid at his feet by thousands of admirers. He then visited Philadelphia, Boston, Washington and Balti more, to the delight of the lovers of the intellectual drama in those cities. Having acquired a large sum of money in America, he was persuaded to invest it in a theatrical speculation, and turn manager. In an evil hour he took the Astor-place Opera House, in New York, and opened it in May, 1852. The result was disastrous. In a few weeks he was com pelled to close the house, being wrecked in pocket and spirits, having lost all his vast earnings, and become deeply involved in debt. During the hot weather, Mr Brooke made another essay in manage ment, though with but little better success. Re-com mencing his tour through the States he visited Phi ladelphia, Albany, Buffalo, Cincinnati and St. Louis. To record the particulars of his progress would be merely a monotonous chronicle of triumphs. There was, however, one great exception to all this pros- perity. At St. Louis an accident happened which nearly brought his career to a sudden and gloomy close. His kindly feelings induced him to attend the funeral of Mr James Bates, son of the esteemed manager of the theatres of Cincinatti, Louisville, and St. Louis. There had been a heavy fall of snow, and a rapid thaw was proceeding while the last solemn rites were being paid to the dead. As Mr Brooke stood uncovered by the side of the grave, he felt a sudden chill, and on his return home be came extremely unwell. During the night his dis order increased to a serious extent, and soon re solved itself into a violent attack of inflammatory rheumatism, which at one time threatened his life. On his recovery, he made his appearance at the People's Theatre, St. Louis, where he was greeted by such enthusiastic crowds that, although his engagement had been made for a week only, it was extended to fifty-two consecutive nights. Having visited several other cities he re turned to Boston, and, after fulfilling a short en gagement there, took his last benefit, and bade farewell to America. Mr Brooke's re-appearance in his native land was within the venerable walls of Old Drury, on the 5th of September, 1853 ; and, having accomplished the little less than miracle of filling our vast national theatre every evening for nearly seven weeks, Mr Brooke, on the 3rd of October, left London for the provinces. After a triumphant series of engagements at Birmingham, Liverpool, Sheffield, Belfast, Limerick and Cork, Mr Brooke returned to London to fulfil his farewell engagement at Drury-lane, as he was bound by agreement to return to the United States, and also to visit California and Australia. One action of his life we may here record, because it has a moral beauty which will not be lost on his brethren in the histrionic art. When, from un foreseen reverses, Mr Brooke was compelled to seek the protection of the insolvent court, and when a want of patronage compelled him to abandon his theatrical management in America, he unavoid ably left many demands unsatisfied. With the first wave of returning prosperity he honor ably paid them all, even to the last shilling. Next to Mr Brooke's Othello — indeed, some say before it— may be ranked his Sir Giles Overreach. His concluding scene, it will be remembered, was terrific, absolutely awful in its intensity. He looked like some fiend struck by the avenging thunderbolt in the very moment of triumph. His other great tragic parts were Mas'er Walter in ' The Hunch back,' Virginius, and Coriolanus. The latter he performed for the first time in Melbourne, and the press with one voice proclaimed it as the great actor's masterpiece of art. But it was not for his tragic powers alone that Mr Brooke won a reputa tion. He was an excellent light comedian, and the only representative the stage has seen of genteel Irish comedy since the days of Tyrone Power. Such performances as his O' Callaghan and Captain Murphy Maguire have not been seen in the present generation. The former character must have been performed by him in these colonies some hundreds of nights. It is hardly necessary to say much of Mr Brooke's career in this colony. It was one of the most unvarying success. The warmth of welcome with which he was re ceived in Melbourne was extended to him wherever he went. He played first at the old Queen's, but shortly removed to the Olympic, which was built expressly for him. He also laid the foun dation stone of the Theatre Royal. During his engagement at that house, he performed for the first time Sardanapulus and Zanga, and in both parts was eminently successful. The ill-fortune which attended him in the manage ment of that theatre was only what might have been expected. A man of singularly unbusiness like habits, and of a generous and unsuspicious nature, he was the prey of harpies, who sucked his sub stance with the pertinacity of vampires. On the 22nd of April, 1861, he commenced a farewell engagement under Mr Coppin's management. On the 23rd of May, he took his farewell (alas ! that it should have been one for all time) of a Melbourne audience. The pieces were ' The Irish Ambassador,' and 'The Irish Attorney,' in both of which Mr Brooke sustained his well-known characters with even more than his usual happiness and effect. At the conclusion of the ' Irish Ambassador,' Mr Brooke, who was most enthusiastically cheered by a house crowded from the floor to the ceiling, delivered the following address : — ' Ladies and Gentlemen, — My country men are celebrated for getting into difficulties ; in fact, I may say an Irishman is never so happy as when he is in trouble ; and, upon my conscience I am no exception to the general rule, for I was never in a greater state of botheration than at this moment, and I never felt so happy in all my life. The secret of my botheration is this : What am I to say to thank you all, and how am I to tell you all the delights I feel in seeing so many cheerful faces before me, and all the sorrow I experience in bidding you farewell ? My countrymen present will remem ber — for what Irishman can ever forget — the mingled sunshine and showers of the Heaven which bends over the beautiful Erin ; and, as her skies are, so are the hearts and countenances of her people — now bright with the sunshine of joy, and now dark with the rain-clouds of sorrow. My emotions on this occasion are of that mixed character, and I beg you to believe that, if my words are few, it is because my heart is full, and, while I feel deeply and truly grateful, and really happy, at this kindly leave- taking on your part, I also feel a pang of earnest sorrow at parting from so old, warm and true friends as those to whom I now, for the last time, in an Irish character, say farewell.' This characteristic address was received by the audience in a manner which showed how highly the speaker stood in the estimation of the public. Indeed, it seemed as if they would never tire of gazing on the form of the actor they were so soon about to lose. He was recalled again and again, and when he at last left the stage it seemed as if an old friend had passed from our sight. On the 27th of May, an amateur performance was given for his benefit, and at its conclusion Mr Brooke was presented with a testi monial and a flattering, address. On the 28th, he gave a dramatic reading at the Exhibition Building, which was attended by a crowded and fashionable audience. On the 30th he sailed for Liverpool in the Great Britain, his compagnons de voyage being ' Miss Avonia Jones and Mr Wallack. After his return to England, he fulfilled seve ral engagements in London, and made an other provincial tour. His last appearance was made in Dublin, when he was as well and enthu siastically received as ever. Indeed he would seem to have recovered all the pristine vigor of his youth, and, had he been spared to visit the colony, such a dramatic treat would have been afforded as can now only be hoped for when some other Brooke shall have arisen — which is hardly likely in our generation. On Mr Brooke nature showered down her gifts with an unsparing hand. To a tall, manly, and singularly graceful person, was added a countenance strikingly handsome and expres sive. His carriage was bold and majestic, and his whole appearance classical and statuesque. His voice was a deep chest voice, full and sonorous. It had been much impaired by bron chitis, but it was said to have recovered all its former beauty and power. About twelve months since Mr Brooke was married to Miss Avonia Jones, an actress well known to fame in the colonies. Her loss is, indeed, a great one. During his career in Victoria, Mr Brooke won for himself many per sonal friends, and there is hardly a public man here who will not have something by which to re member the great tragedian. As we have said, his disposition was generous to an extreme, and his very faults were of a character which endeared him more to his friends. Of him, of all men, it might be said that he never injured other than himself. He is gone now. The least that we can do to mark our sense of his loss is to erect some monument to his name; let it take what form it will, an appeal to the public is certain to be cordially responded to. He is gone, and the public have lost a hero whom they admired, and many a one a friend whom he loved. He is gone, and the future of our drama, but now so bright, looks darkly drear. He is gone, but his name will live in history as the actor-hero who, when he was surrounded by the dread horrors of a raging, insatiate sea, had heart to think of those dear friends he loved so well, he had hoped to see so soon, and to send to them a ' kind farewell.' In his death he has taught a lesson from which we may learn to look with more of christian charity on those humbler members of his profession, with whose names the public do not always deal most tenderly ; for he has taught us an actor knows how to die. He has died with his bead covered, like the hero of the tragedy he had so often illumined with his genius. He is gone, and though he will appear no more till that day when the sea will render up its dead, the recollection of his masterly genius, of his noble heart, and, most mournful of all, of his untimely, though glorious, end, will live for ever in the hearts of Englishmen who love the drama, and can give brave men their due. 