G O YERNMENT GAZE TTE. . The following notifications appear in Friday's Gazette : — Volunteer Force. — The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has accepted the resignation of the commissions held by the under mentioned gentlemen in the Volunteer Force, namely : — A. Lowers, Esq., as lieutenant in the 2ud Ballaarat Volunteer Rills Corps ; Dr. Steele as assistant Burgeon in the 2nd Ballaarat Rangers. Receiver and Paymaster. — Mr Arthur Harris Aston to he acting receiver ana paymaster, at. Arnaud, during the absence on leave of Mr Sewell, commencing duty on tho 10th inst. Acting Consul for Hamburg, Bremen and Hanover. — The consul for Hamburg and Bremen and acting consul for Hanover, Adolph Schlostein, Esq., has intimated to tho Governor that, in exercise of the power to appoint a provisional administrator of the said consalates, he has appointed Sali Clove, Esq., to be acting consul for Hamburg, Bremen and Hanover, during his absence from Victoria. His Excellency has been pleased to recognise Mr Cleve accordingly. Manager of the Oriental Bank. — The inspec tor of the Oriental Bank Corporation, F. A. Cargill, Esq., has intimated to his Excellency the Governor, in compliance with the provisions of the Royal Charter of Incorporation, that George Hamilton Traill, Esq , has been appointed to act as manager of tho Melbourne branch and principal officer of the said corporation in Victoria, until further notice. Contracts Accepted. — Surveying, &e.; : Bal laarat, W. H. Surplice; Ararat, Frederick Smith ; Ciistlemaine, Mark Amos ; Sandhurst, G. H. Wat son ; Omee, G. Hastings; Crooked River, A. F. Walker ; Gipps Land, G. Hastings ; Hamilton and Portland, N. Thornely. Lease of toll-gates, &c;, from 1st January to 31st Deoember, 1866 : Gipps Land, Mitchell's River pnnt,' £192, Henry Payne ; Sydney, Benalla, £1265, P. Mahony ; Sydney, Broadford and check-gate, £1126 5s, George C. Wyld. Laroe Yield of Gold. — The yield of gold for the last crushing of stone from the Adventure Com pany, Victoria Rsef, amounted to 1311 cz 5 dwt. The larger proportion of the gold was taken from a very small quantity of stone, about three or four ton3 only. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 29. Chinese Superstition. — It baa been clearly ascertained that the late fire broke out in a hut where a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged him self; this, and certain other mysterious circum stances, have evoked the grim features of Mongolian superstition into iutense action, and the devil is universally accused of setting iire to the camp. Tho hut of Ah Lay Ty, from the timo of his death, has been regarded with profound awe, every neces sary observance having been practised to keep it clear from evil Bpirits, but withoat effect, as it ha3 been nightly haunted, not by tho deceased, hat by a legion of ghostly apparitions, alleged to be imp3 of the devil, who has potent influence over the locality of a suicide, and continues in possession until the troubled spirit of the deceased is liaally exorcised. Up till a few days before the conflagration no person would venture to occupy this hut, although Ah Gin, a brother of deceased, offered it to any comer gratuitously. Every nights lamps have been kept burning within its dismal shades, aud the choicest food has been spread out on the table, but still the restless spirit of Ah Lay Ty disturbed the watchers of the night. Often tho forlorn hatha3 been offered to any poor travelling Chinamen arriving at the camp hungry and swagworn, and without a place of shelter, and as soon as these learned its history they have invariably decamped with the utmost alacrity and dismay. Bat two or three days before the fire one Sin Tin and some others came to the camp in a terrible state of wretchedness and want, and were persuaded to take up their abode iu the hauuted dwelling. They did so with groat fear aud trem bling, and as they continued night after night un harmed, it was believed that Ah Lay Ty was at rest. But when it was told by a Chinaman that on the outbreak of the lire he saw tho devil and Ah Lay Ty rising with the flames as they burst through tho roof, all were oonvincsd that the fire was an act of vengoance by tho evil one. Tho dwelling in which the late detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitious feeling. Although his death was caused by consumption, yet his antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing him to havo been addicted to trafficking with the dovil ; and from the timo of his death till Sanday last his late abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accompauiod by thoso nnholy spirits with whom he communed in this life. Udder theso alarmiug circumstances, it wa3 felt that a great atonement was necessary, and it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exor cism to appea3o the angry spirits. Accordingly, at daylight the gongs struck up their discordant clamor, and the reverberations of tha craokers con tinued all the morning ; the people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devotion, that in the afternoon it was declared that tho spirits of the departed were at peace, and universal joy pre vailed. Appoo's house has since beon occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slnm bers hare suffered no disturbance. — O. and M. Ad vertiser, January 27. An Electionering Speech at Snowy Creek. — The mining representative for Orneo, Mr Newnan, while addressing the ' frco and independents,' of Snowy Creek on behalf of Mr Orr, observing a squad of his countrymen approaching the polling booth the day of tho election, referred to the Ministerial policy in the following terms; — ' And now, gentlemen, I ask you is it not really lament able to observe this Scotch Cabinet carrying thoir national prejudices with them through constitu tional law and order, and mixing thom up in this tariff, they hava the cunuingne3j to concaal from publio opinion for the present? Gentlemen, they have positively asserted that an impdrt tax of forty-five shillings a gallon shall be laid on pure Irish whiskey, whilo they silently permit of that horrible lipothymous liquid poison, bearing the Highlander's brand, being allowed into the colony 1 Scot Free !' ' It need scarcely be added that the voters, for whom this piece of eloquence was specially intended, instantly rushed into the polling booth and recorded their plumpers in favor of the chosen free trader, Mr John Orr. — Ovens and Murray Advertiser, January 27. A police-constaule intercepted two woman near Nottingham, on a charge of poaching. One of the women produoed from under her crinoline three or four bags containing seven pheasants; the other gave up two partridge nets which had been similarly concealed, , 