PUBÍJIO AMUSKMENT8. [ Tua Ort«*..-There hal bean nothing in tho ahapo of novelty exhibited at the Opera House during the post week bojond tho aucoeaeful debut of Hr. John da Ha'ira in the oharacter of II Duce, in 14 Lucretia Borgia," in which hi» performance wa* very aucceuf ul in all respecte. On Tuesday' Gounod'e, "Faust " waa repeated. On Wednrailay, * MisanioHo" waa given for the last time, fer the benefit of Mr. Henry Squires, but tho heavy rain kent a much greater number' of that gentleman's ad- mirera awav from tho theatre than would othorwiso have been th* case. On Thursday, the glorious " Semi ramide " wasagain performed, and Mies Georgia Hod- son waa remarkably successful in tho most arduous 5art in tho opera, that of A rance. Madame Luoy ¡scott looked sang, and acted magnificently oe Semi- ramis, and Mr. Beaumont elicited the greatest applauao for. tho manr.er in which he singa the musio of I dreno. Mr. J, E. Kitts givoadus promi- enco to tho part of Oma. although hé has not a iireot deal of display. Mr. Sutcliffe maintains the good impression mada by hie ghostly impersonation, and the mention of thia reminda u* once moro .of the extreme inattention of the non-sinuing members of tho' chorus, and who viii persist in paying much greater heed to what might be left alone than to the business on tho Btage. ; It dose not aeom very likely that they would laugh at caoh other, and arrange the "sot " of éaoh 'othera dressée' wore a real ghost to appear before them, and yat wo have noticed thia indecorum more than once when tho "abada of Nino " appears, and all .are supposed to be s'ruok dumb with amazement at the eight, and with horror at tho worda or tho ghost. We nave before had occasion to notion thia levity «nd con eidor it a fault that materially'injures1 tho effect of a aoeno at any time, and parttoulnrly auob ia ono aa thia mentioned.-On Friday the theatre waa closed to com- pleta tho arramgementa for tho production of "L'Africaine."-On Saturday night tho Opera HOUBO waa crowded in every port, on the occasion of tho benefit of Madame Luoy Esoott. Tho opera« chosen were "Lucretia Borgia," and " L'Klislr d'Amure," end their porformnnoo was honoured by lbs presence of Lady Young, Lady Taylour and suite. <whu occupied, aa usual, the vi>>o-regal box. aTadamo Escott .received that applause on her entrance whioh mus» bo gratifying to her as a lady, apart from her position aa tho finest aotraaa and oonga'rosa who lisa ever graood tho Prince of Wales Opera Iioue*. and .who noa certainly con tiiliutsd moro to tho enjoyment of tho 'musical publio of Sydney than any artisto who baa occupied the stage. Her triumph was complote throughout thia magnificent opera, and th* musía was given with immenee foroo and beauty. Mr. Henry Squires, aa Goonaro, played and aanir in his beat manner, and Miss Georgia Hodson, na Muffeo Oraini, never looked moro youthful as the gny irnllaut, or snug mora excellently. Mr. do Hage, aa tho Duke, fully auatainod first I an pressions, and gave a completeness ta tho musio which has BO lang been a desideratum. To-night "W Africaine " ia to be prnducod, and Ihe ronult of the palna taken in its preparation ought to result in a grand success. The opera will be played ia English, and tho only -oarroot version of the libretto ia that to bo obtained at the Opera llouso. ItovAZ. Vioronr*. Tiin-rnt-A variety of dramas have boen given during the past week with the genuine aucceita attonding tho performances of suoh olevor and well-known artiste aa Mr. and M ra. Kobert noir, Mr. Filxperalt), Mr. and Mrs. Greville, Mr. O. Walsh. Mr. Miran, and Mr. Daniele, Tho piect» haro been reoe!red with approbation avery evening,and have boon followed by tho Performance« of the clover little troupe of Nathans, whoas exertlnna and tálenla entitle them to muuh praia«. To-night they are, to appear talan entirely now programme, including burlesque and panto- mimo t and aa moy are wonderfully clover, wo cordially reooiamead tholr performances to tho patrtnago af tho public., -r ' - ' . ¡ " ' Tn* LATH RonnaniEs.'--Onplnln Batty» Wa* tn towri a few tia»» ago, living engaged'In1 tracing th* where- about* pf O'nraeanil hla accomplices, .Captain Battve. tin» ajiiroenledj In finding., annie property , emlen hy p|arj|(t'a gang: anti wo .understand ennui iirfmitial prosa-, r-ullniía: aro likely ' to ariao'Jn consequence.' Mudueo Liberal. -T ^O! -i ?? ?? . ? r . ? 