Ct)e empire. TUESDAY, FEBËUARY 6, 186«. NOT many days ago-just before the late rainfalls purified the atmosphere, and washed the streets of Sydney, and moro especially the back lanes, alleys, and indescribable dens of human habitation with which the city is yet disgraced, a strange terror began to make itself felt in tho public mind, lt was not the less general because it was not openly dis- cussed ; not tho loss intense because outward demonstrations of fear wore repressed. It was a dread that cholera, or some other ter- rible scourge, was about to visit the colony. Strange and oppressive odours were com Íilaincd of. Faintness, giddiness, nausea, and oss of appetite were common symptoms. Hap- pily during the last few days these alarming premonitions have been much less frequent, and indeed have almost altogether disappeared. This, therefore, appears to be tho proper time to break silence, and openly invite discussion upon a subject of the very deepest importance, though it might have been im- prudent to have said so much before the immediate danger had apparently passed away. We have no pretensions to offer, an opinion upon the various conjectures that have been hazarded with respect to atmospheric pheno- mena; but it does not require any high scientific attainments to perceive ono reason why, if cholera, typhus fever, or plague broke out in Sydney it would bo likely to rage with awful violenco, and sweep away perhaps ono half of the inhabitants. Gentlemen whose business only leads them to the principal thoroughfares duriug tho day, and who retire to their roomy and well-ventilated mansions on some of the heights in the suburbs in thc evening, may have no idea of the hot-houses of pestilence that are to bc found in some of the more obscure and densely-populated localities. Yet some of these are almost in tho centre of the oity. Inquirers should undertake an ex- ploration of the historio region long known as " Tho Rocks" for instance. Here, where, from the slopes of a richly wooded hill, the wild aboriginal may bo sup- posed to have looked down with wonder at the landing of Governor PHILLIP seventy-eight years ago, and the kangaroo to have started from his leafy covert in alarm at tho booming of the guns on tho inauguration of the colony, a sccno now presents itself which might raiso a doubt that nature had ever made the spot for the abode of man. Hovels literally buried in the ground by tho endea- vours to raiso the adjoining thoroughfares so as to make them passable; ricketty cabins, redolent of filth yet crowded with inhabitants j stenchy gutters and sewers that send forth tho vilest compounds of villainous smells; and over all the empire of dirt triumphant, would show what man has done to make the placo habitable. Perhaps, when some of those lilliputian and primitive residences, with scarcely room enough to swing a cat in, were first erected, they may have answered very well the purposes then in view. Open to the sea breezes from thc eastward, and surrounded by large patches of unoccupied land, they wcro wholesome, if not very commodious ; bub now the case is widely different. Who may be the owners of most of the land in question, wo know not, nor does it at all affect the fact that, although a man may, abstractedly, do what he likes with hiB own, he has no right to use it in such a manner as to imperil the health of a populous city. Let it be understood that we merely take tho neighbourhood of " Tho Rooks" as an illustration, though a very prominent ono, of tho dangcrB that aro permitted to grow up and increase from year to year, without tho slightest let or hindrance There arc other parts of tho city which are rapidly approaching a similar condition. In some parts of Woolloomooloo, whore, twenty-fivo years ago, there WOB nothing but forest, lanes and alleys might bo found that would almost bear com- parison with the worst in Sydney. But it is tn the quarter to which wo have moro particu- larly referred that tho modol rook- eries may bc discovered. We presume that theso pigstyes aro found to pay, and, seeing that they are not interfered with, duplicate piggeries havo been constructed all around, until the fresh air has been utterly excluded ; every foot of land made to yield its house-rent, and humanity huddled together in a way that in utterly indefensible. Wo i arc not an admirer of tho general mode of administration of thc Emperor of the French ; but wc aro of opinion that the city and tho colony would dorivo great benefit from a few days' experience of the practical mode in which he is dealing with nuisances of this kind in Paris. It ia difficult-to understand upon what principle we drive savages off their lands on the plea that they re- tard civilisation, and are dangorous to the qivilisers, when the plea of vested rights is considered sufficient to conserve such scan- dals upon civilisation and suoh perils to human life as are to be found in the places wo have mentioned. " There is a remedy, some shrewd lawyer may say, in an indictment for nuisance. Yes; but who is to indict in a neighbourhood where all are nuisances alike, and all, probably, more or less dependent upon the smiles or frowns of their landlords ? With the greatest possible respect for tho rights of real property, wo do say that it is time that some bold legislator grappled with thia subject, and brought in a law to compel the romoval of the worst of these hovels, and the widening or ventilation of the thoroughfares within a given period. If not, their inhabitants may be re- moved in another and more ghastly manner, and many residents of more pleasant places along with them. The cart and the lantern may ono day have to go their rounds, as in London just two hundred years ago, and again tho nocturnal invitation may bo heard: " Bring out your dead !" There can scarcely bo in tho whole world a situation more fully capable of being a healthy and delightful neighbourhood than the eastern slopo of the hill crowned by Princes-street, and for so many years too familiarly known 03 " The Books." Overlooking the whole of tho harbour, as far as the light- house, and facing the healthy breezes from the sea, it might be formed into terraces, graood with houses fit for human beings to dwell in, and forming an ornament to the city as viewed from thc harbour. Instead of I this we have seen how it has been deseorated« Is there no possible remedy for this ? As we" have said, this is not the only locality open to such objections/although it is about the worst. The unwholesome exhalations from such places not only poison the overhanging clouds abovo, but seem favourable to the pro ¡ duction of a peculiar race, the youthful specimens of which, instead of entering upon an active and enterprising career in life, may be seen, by night and by day, lounging in twos and threes against posts, or basking in the sun, in thc various attitudes of intense laziness, on any favoured spot that can bo found for tho purpose, and indulging in . offensive, sometimes filthy language towards passers-by who arc too weak to defend themselves from such insults. With this alarmingly increasing olass of our unproduc- tive population the public never interfere, any more than with the knots of idle and blackguard youths and men, who block up the thoroughfares at night, treating all remonstrances of passengers merely with a chorus of that hoarse laughter, very closely resembling the pro- longed braying of a donkey, which must bo so familiar to the public ear. In fact, as in tho case of thc unwholesome places to which we have drawn attention, things are allowed just tojjremain as they aro. Thc rookeries may continue to give forth their poisons ; tho idlers to prop up the posts or bask in the Bun, and thc small mobs to block up the pathways and bray as long as they please. Mr. GLADSTONE'S policeman has evidently not as yet found his way to this quarter. His brethren in arms in this city, see all these things, but, like the ghost of HAMLET'S father, " with solemn march, go slow and stately by thom." Nobody calls upon anybody or any- thing to " move on." What was sufficient for fifty years ago must be put up with now, and all is stagnation. Whether this drowsy policy has been so generally adopted in respectful imitation of former governments, and is thus considered to be demonstrative of a high order of conservatism, we shall not venture to guess. If so, wo can only say that somo of the Princes of Africa are similarly conservative of ancient practices, but are roputcd to be great nuisances notwithstanding. In adverting to these everyday affairs, equally offensive to all the senses, and equally disgusting, it needs hardly to be said that we claim no merit for discovery. These thing3 are patent and clear to everyone. Thoy have grown so familiar as perhaps to be pleasing. Tho writer had once an aboriginal lad for a servant, who used an inordinate quantity of foul grease and charcoal for his personal adornment,and who, on being invited to try some cau-dc-cologno, did so accordingly, and, with a grimace of disgust, pronounced it to bo " 'tinkin." We do not, however, beliove that the familiar nuisances of which wo have ventured to speak have as yet utterly vitiated the public taste. The .constant hurry of business amongst one class of the community, and thc luxurious indulgence in extreme laziness amongst others, have allowed these matters to go on from year to year. It is time, however, that some- thing were done in tho way of improvement. We have amongst our popula- tion native born inhabitants who have arrived at a venerable age without as yet witnessing any of that vigorous progress which marks tho parent race. Thc country has flourished because of its great natural capabilities, which would have insured a steady advancement even under the administration of WONTEB VAN TWILLEI?. It is time that the political and social watchword of tho advancing age were heard in earnest, and that the public guardians sent it forth with a voice of autho- rity : " MOVK ON V TIIE pcoplo of Victoria appear to bo weary of tho prosperity which has characterised the career of that colony. Such, howovor, must be tho conclusion of all who have observed tho sympathy latterly displayed by them with the oauBO of protection-for tho warmest advocates of tliatpolicy aro unable to produce an argument in its favour, which does not, there as else- where in the world, openly display the selfish ness of their motives. Protection as applied to tho colony of Victoria means what the word signifies everywhere else-" Tho sacrifice of tho many for tho advantage of tho few." Thanks to an onligh toned free trado polioy, and tho impetus given by the development of her auriferous resources, Victoria has, in an incredibly short space of timo, becomo ono of tho first British colonies. Her history, when written, could^-tcll how countless vcssols of all nations appeared as if by magic in her har- bours, whore but yesterday an occasional emigrant ship and a few coasters wero to bo seen. Tho streets of her capital now teeming with life and animation, wore, a few short I Jean ago, impassable to the drays which ogged in . their centres. And in tho place of tho splondid building! which now form the 'wonder of every now arrival, a few soattered publio and tumble-down wooden buildings were to bo seen. Railways and good roads speaking to the enterprise and wealth of'the people, now run in every direction ; and the people once unsottled and migratory in their character have settled down to agricultural. and other industrial pursuits, thus forming thc nucleus of a future great and powerful nation. All these grand results of a few years have been achieved without,the assistance of pro- tection, and it is but right to assume that a free trade polioyisthe one most adapted to the wants of the country. . We maintain that tho commerce of Victoria has behn tho princi- pal mainstay of her prosperity. Thousands of her inhabitants are dependent upon it for their daily bread ; and its importance is amply demonstrated by tho fact that any temporary depression in trade in Mel- bourne is accompanied in a much greater degree than in this city by distress among the working classes and others. To alleviate that distress, or under the pretence of finding employment for the idle, the protectionists propound their selfish soheme. Under tho pretence of fostering native industry, they wish to shut out from the people the cheap productions of other countries-deluding their blind followers with the wretched sophistry, " that a country should produce only and not receive tho pro- ductions of others ; that it should export everything, and import monoy only." They would seek to fill the markets of other coun- tries, and close our own ports to the commerce of thejworld, on the principle of all trade and no barter. If the people of Victoria are blind enough to bo led away by such shallow doctrines as these, it is some consolation to know that they will soon find their error. Their folly will be demonstrated in reduced wages and more work -in increased prices and moro limited re- sources-in harder work and less independ- ence-in scaroity of the necessaries of life, and a corresponding scarcity of money to buy them with. With regard to the theory, that protec tiom would give an impetus to manufactures, we would observe that in colonies such aB these manufactures must naturally take a long timo to develop themselves. Tho immense quan- tities of unoccupied land are an inducement to the population to embark in agricultural pursuits, which are more congenial to' their, tastos than the confinement attendant upon empl lyment in factories ; labour, as a conse- quence, is comparatively scarce, and until thc population in some degree assimilates to the extent of the country, it will remain compara- tively dear. To attempt to force our own manu- factures, and compel our people to use them, would be manifestly unjust. The secret of commerce consists in the exchange by two countries of the superfluous productions of each, and the arrangement is mutually ad- vantageous. To place any restriction on. this system of barter is to injure tho interests of both, though to attain this end is thc object of the protectionist's theory. He argues that' A, whioh is a corn growing country, is to refuse the produce of B, which is wine producing, and grow wino for itself. B is to refuse A's corn, and grow corn for its own consumption. He quite forgets or loses sight of the fact, that if this statesmanlikè arrange- ment could be carried out, A's superfluous corn and B's superfluous wine would become a drug in their home markets-that labour would lose its value, commerce die out, and two countries naturally necessary to each other's well-being become as little to each other as the inhabitants of Japan and Timbuctoo, and both gradually subside into poverty and barbarism. DEATH.-Henry Hyam, tho jockey, who, ni wo men- tioned in our issue of last Saturday, recoiled a sun- stroke when riding round the racscourro on the previous day, died on Thursday from tho effects ef it. It will bo remembered that when mentioning that Hyam had received the sun-stroke, wo stated that somo four weeks previously, hs had had a fall. It now appearB that this fall was occasioned by his being thrown by Kr. Joh» Lawler,- and in conscqucnco of Hyam's death. Lawler was apprehended yesterday evening. A magis- terial inquiry is to bo held this morning by Mr. Allman into the cause of death, tho usual coroner's inquest not being hold, in conscqucnco of Dr. Waugh boing the principal witness.-Goulburn Argus. ROBBERIES UNDER ARMS AT GUNDAROO-The recent store robberies at Foxlow and Araluen have been fol- lowed by a similar series at Gundaroo, where Mr. Fraser's and Mr. Affleck's stores have been more or less ransacked for goods and money, and the post-office in connection with tho former establishment also entered and thrown into confusion during a prolonged search for money, stamps, &c; About seven o'clock in the evening of Thursday last three armed men visited Mr Fraser's, two of whom entered the store, th one disguised with crape, the other with his face smeared with a black substance ; the third man remained out= side as a sentinel. They remained on the promises nearly four hours, and in their search took about £50 ia money and gold, including a large num- ber of threepenny-bits which Mrs. Fraser had been accumulating, as a curiosity, for many years; they also appropriated Mrs. Fraser's watch and chain, and other valuables and jewellery. From the store they took tea and sugar, saddles and bridles, saddle bags and spurs, trousers, silk handkerchiefs, boots and crimean shirts-all of the best quality, also some arms they found among the stock. From tho post-office, it is not known what they took from the letters and papers, all of which ore opened and examined ; but every postage and duty stamp in tho place was appro- priated. Tho robbers in their search seemed quite at home, one of thom especially directing the other where to look for particular articles, and from this circum- stance it is inferrod that thoy are no strangers who have committed this outrage. On leaving they took a draught horse of Mr. Fraser's with them, on which they packed their booty, assuring the owner that the horse should be returned next day, when it was found near the premises. The same party also visited Mr. Affleck's store further down the river, and from it took some light goods, but we have heard no further particulars of their doings there. Information was sent to the Collector police by the mail which left for that place the same night, and also to the Gundaroo police, who are stationed on the town- ship four miles below Fraser's, but nothing was known of the outrage in Queanbeyan until Saturday, when information was brought to the police by a gentleman who left Mr. Fraser's that morning. Nothing has been heard of the robbers since tho occurrence, although suspicion attaches to a certain quarter which it would be imprudent to name just now, and it is to be hoped that the miscreants in this case will be brought to justice as promptly as those were who about a oouple of years ago robbed the same place.-Queanbeyan Age. BOURKE.-BREAKING THE DROUGHT-On thE 18th it began to rain, and continued for sixteen hours, somotimss a hoavy down-pour. For four days previous it lind been cloudy-a raro occurrence hore-which in- dicated a chango which happily resulted as above stated. The beneficial results of this pluvial visitation cannot bo over-estimated, for without it for a month or two longer tho consequences would have boen tho most dis- astrous. From information that has reached hero wo learn that tho rain bas been vsry gonoral, both up and down ; indeed about Walgett thoy have hnd.a larger supply ¡ also down tho rivor it haB boon very hoavy. Nothing fvir thor of moment, or that would interest your rvadore,-Correspondent. IHTWÍLICTUAI. E»TaTirrAr-jfH¡iT.-Ye*terd'ay\ver«np, in the Australian Library and' Literary Institution! Mr. T. P. Bill gava « soooad aerie« of bia new reading* and recitations. Tho body of tho halt waa well Mied, there being many ladies present ; and among tho gentío, mon wero tho Hon. J. H. Plunkett," Rev. Dr. Lang. Revs. Father M'Oarthy and Oaravol, Rev. Thomas; Smith ; whilo the gallery contained a largé number of,' young gentlemen. Mr. Hill, in bis prefatory remarks,, said tho maia object of his readings was to stimulate) tho youth of the colony to tho culturo of tho art ot correct reading and sneaking; and in a- subsequent stago of his readings ho took occasion' to say 'that nov better study could conduce to this end than some of the dialogues of Shakespeare. The first poem recited waa Hood's "Bridgo of Sighs," tho pathetic and dolieaU rendering of which elicited warm approbation. Passing; from grava to gay, Chorlos Dickens's description of Mr. Sam Weller's visit to his father, Mr. Tony Weller, afc tho Bino Boar, was recitad, and provoked much* laughter. It was necessary, in sustaining the spirit of tho dialogue, to speak in two different tonos of voice, and the character of Mr Tony especially was depietod with much truthfulness. Thea followed tho tent scene in " Julius Gaiaar," prefaced by some excellent observa, tiona to students of elocution, and by a parallol between tho characters of Brutus and Cassiua Tho rendering; of tho dialogue between Brutus and Cassius vrns much applaudod. Hamlot's_ soliloquy followed, and, was as favourably recoivod. The very laughable skotch of Hezokioh Spalding, a shrewd Yankee, who was not to bo choatcd out ot his dinner because tha stage coach was leaving the inn, caused much fun, tho denouement was so comical, and the usual modo of speech peculiar to America, was admirably imitated 1?ho dialectic and didactic skill with which these pieces wero delivorod, so various in subjcot, and requiring so different and widely distinct a rendering, evinced Mr. Hill's practised power as an elocutionist. But that which callod for tho moat cordial approbation was tba effective and dramatic skill with whioh he recited Monk Lewis's poem of " Tho Captivo.*' It must bo heard, aa pronounced b'y Mr. Hill, before one can perfectly appreciate it The ideal process from sanity tomad» ness, as depicted inthiB poem, is terrifio, whilo.tho pity of tho audienco is ovoked in tho subject being a young; wife cruelly placed in a madhouso by her heartless husband from pecuniary and other motivci. It waa thoroughly appreciated by tho audienco, who marked! their approval of ita modo of delivery by repeated applauses. On Thursday next, thero will ba another; alteration in tho programme, when Hood's cxtraordi nary poem on " Tho Dream of Eugene Aram" will ba recited. The precocious musician and elocutionist. Matter Moltcno, will also read and. recito, and as half thc proceeds of tho receipts will bo devoted to the furtherance of this youth's education, thora will no doubt be the same numerous, if not a much larger attendance. CRUIKSHANK'S BOTTLE.-Last evening dissolving views of the drunkard's home and the drunkard's chil- dren were exhibited in the Baptist Chapel, Castlereagh- street, by the Rev. J. B. M'Cure. The attendance was good. Several other views were exhibited, those of the burning of the old Royal Exchange, the new Royal Exchange, the Druid's human sacrifice, and the Hindoo's swinging torture being the most admired. The exhi- bition of the drunkard's home and children was really excellent, and alone was well worth the price of admis- sion. Views of the Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and the Queen were also exhibited, as well as several flowers, &c.; Throughout the whole of the ex- hibition the views were warmly applauded by the audience. The usual "good night," which was also exhibited, concluded the evening's entertainment. A YOUNG BUSHRANGER.-Charles Lloyd, a lad about seventeen years old, was brought up at the Mudgee Police-office, charged with stealing a grey mare, the property of W. F. Stanbury. Thomas George William Daniel Hume deposed that on the|pre- vious Monday he was going from Mr. Stanbury's house for a grey mare running near the place, when he saw the prisoner riding her; witness called out, and prisoner replied, " Well, young 'un, what's amiss?" He replied, "You are on Mr. Stanbury's mare, and I was sent after her;" prisoner then held up a revolver, and said if witness came an inch farther he would blow his brains out ; after this, prisoner got off the mare, and a conversa- tion ensued, prisoner inquiring about Dunn, &c.; ; he then got on the mare again," told witness to hand up the revolver, gave him a shilling, and rode away. W. F. Stanbury identified the mare as his property. He had had her during the past fourteen years, and she was worth about ten pounds ; he missed the mare on the previous Monday, and a day or two afterwards she was brought back by a man named Saddington, who had found her in the direction of the Queen's Pinch. Prisoner was committed for trial. Another charge of robbery, under arms, was then pre- ferred against Lloyd, the victim in this instance being a Chinaman named Hog Gon. Senior constable Webb deposed that he had charged the prisoner with having robbed a Chinaman of a horse, saddle, and bridle, and fifteen shillings; prisoner replied "all right." Ah Hoop, through his interpreter, deposed that he was a digger, and lived at Tambaroora ; on the night of the 22nd January, he was coming into Mudgee to buy pigs, when he met the prisoner at Redbank, near Mudgee ; prisoner was riding a grey mare, without a saddle, and demanded witness' money, horse, saddle, &c.;, threatening to shoot him if he did not give them up ; prisoner then rode away, leading the grey mare with him ; he identified the horse now outside the court. Another Chinaman, who was in the previous witness' company, corroborated the previous evidence, and the prisoner was committed on this charge. Mudgee Liberal. CHILD MURDER AT ADELONG;.-We alluded in our last issue to the suspicious circumstances attending the deaths of two children, named Gilbert, at Adelong, on the 6th instant. The mother of the children was tried at the Adelong police-court, a few days since, and committed for trial to Wagga Wagga ; and the fol- lowing particulars, as elicited during the hearing of the case, have been furnished by the Adelong corres- pondent of the Tumut Times:-Tho prisoner. Mw. Gilbert, whoso husband left her sorao two year* ago, baa been supported since thon mainly by an Italian, who was previously a mate of her husband's ; ho bas since been living with her occasionally j she resided in a small hut on Surface Hill, to which an addition bad been made at tho side; thia addition, or cabin as called ia tho evidence, had but ono door, not opening into tho main building, but leading outside; sha had tbrco children, two boys and ono girl On tho 0th instant, a Mrs. Walters called at tho houso of Mrs. Steward who resides about 50" yards from tho ac- cused - to obtain the assistanso of her boy to'look for somo cows, and whilo thoro saw tho prisoner, who was going for somo wood. Tho boy, aged eight years, ac- companied Mrs. Walters and as thoy neared Mrs. Gilbert's hut, tho boy said " Mn. Gilbert's two children aro drowned," pointing ont tho cabin as tho place. Mrs. Walter's then looked into tho cabin, and seeing tho ohildrcn in tho tub, called out to tho accused, and also to Mr. Crain, who was passing, and when ho came ho removed tho children from tho tub, and on perceiving that they; woro dead ho went to tho reef and inforrned tho magistrat", tho coroner, and tho police. Tba children when found by Mr. Crain had their heads in tho tub, ono on each side, tho eldest boy (ngod d years and 0 months) was on his knee?, and tho othar (aged two years) on his feet, tho former was black round tho mouth when taken out o£ the water, and tho latter had bitten his tongue through and firmly elenohed his teeth. Tho coroner (Dr» Folder) quickly^attended, a jury wasompannollcd.nnd a verdict of accidental death roturnod. Tho police, however, becoming acquainted with Turthcr information, arrested Mrs. Gilbert on tho 17th ultimo, and she was arraigned on a chargo of wilful murder on Tuesday. _ Tho evi- dence showed tho relationship between tho prisoner and tho Italian, and that ho was desirous of taking bec away with him could 6ho got tho two boys providod for olsowhero. Another wilnoss also stated that ho had seen a woman coming out of tho cabin a few minutes before Mr. Crain arrived, who seemed greatly excited. Tho medical evidence went to provo that tho children could not, bring healthy children, havo possibly drowned themselves in tba quantity of water (somo six inches), and in tho tub produced. Other witnesses wero examined .who cor- roborated tho main statements, and tho prisoner, after a most pationt investigation, was committed for trial afc Wagga Wagea. . The bodies of tho children'were ex- humed on Mondar, but Dr. Folder stoles that do composition had taken placo to such on oxtont that it was impossible to separata such portions os would bo required for analysis, BO the bodies woro ro-inteneu. This casa has caused groat excitement, and generally tho public havo condemned tho verdict at tho inquest. Tho polico havo acted' with much discretion, and tho thanks of tho community aro duo to Sergeant Egan foe fiis oxertions to clear up this mysterious tragedy. Should the woman bo guilty sho deserves punishment, should she bo innocent tho trial will olear bor. With- out giving you the full evidence I cannot .say more» but should anything transpiro I will publish it. Goulu wu Herold. 