LIMITED LIABILITY. (From tlio Daily Telegraph, 20th May.) Yesterday the Master of the Itolls had, in Ills list of eauses for the day, no fewer than twenty- two petitions relating to the winding-up of public companies. The fact D not only an nlarming symptom of the present financial em- barrassment, but also some criterion of the Limited Liability Acts. The question forced MJJWU « >IJ /"""""(J VIWMSO W lllll) UUgllt UIU poiiey of those acts to be reconsidered, modified, or abrogated 1 If a single judge is called upon in one day to entcrtein ttveuty-two applications for judicially determining the existence of joint- stock enterprises formed on the " limited" plan, we may be sure the loug.prcdictcd hour of trial for that principle Iiqs arrived. Frcsii calamities are continually attributed to It, and disasters now succeed each other so rapidly, we may almost say " tint of an hour's ago doth hiss the speaker." Among the latest examples is the fall of the Consolidated Bank, which was formed by the amalgamation of three previously established businesses, two of them being the old London firms of Hankers and Co., and Hey ward, Kennnrd and Co. The stop page of the Consolidated is attributed, partly to to a chancery suit, hi which the course taken by the directors Is impugned, and partly to the failure of the Bnnk of London. It is now n matter of common observation that the unstable undertakings lenn upon one another, so that tlio fall of one indicates the fall of several. We have, in f let, arrived at such a pass that a winding-up is regarded as the most probable and natural event in the history of "limited" companies. This conclusion was not Intended by the Act that first established the principle ou which those associations are based. 1 1 provided an apparatus for arranging tlieir affairs in tlio event of their dissolution; but it did not contemplate insol vency and sudden death as normal incidents of their career. When the Legislature, ten years ago, autho rised tho ostoblishmcnt of partnerships in which the responsibility of each partner or shareholder should be restricted to tho amount of his shares, it was supposed that we had reached a new and liappy era in tho history of coinmerco. Limited liability was to inaugurate a mercantile millen nium. It was a panacea thnt was to cure all the epidemic diseases to which tho financial world was must liable. Every one tvho disputed or doubted the expediency of tho new doctrine, or wanted to have it fenced round witii precau tions and limitations, wes an old-fashioned, prejudiced opponent of reform, a protectionist in disguise, end an intolerant defender of invetcrnto error. We have had n decade of experience since that lime, and the penns sung on the triumph of limited liability havo now given place to something very like a wail of defeat. The legislation on tho subject has not been followed by all the delightful and happy consequenoeB which were prophesied ten years ago. The complete iiucrauou ui cuiiiiucii:? irom uer old fetters has not Introduced a reign of financial felicity. The panics, crises, and failures are quite as frequent as tboy were under the old system. Tliero was n grand crash of abortive railway schemes in 1847 and 1848, but in the ag gregate the treublcs of the new limited companies arc qui teas great. They fail to fast that tho Court of Chancery, whlcli acis as exccuiioner, cannot kill them quickly enough to satisfy the public vengeance. The " Chambers" of the Master of the Rolls and the VIce-Cbanccllors are almost choked up with this kind of business; their courts ore besieged wltb petitioners, who cla morously demand the dissolution of the ill-fated partnerships, and distribution of their property. So strong is the reaction that it lias becomo tin- discrlminatlng, and we are by no means sure that a considerable amount of injustice will not be committed merely through contagious terror. For the "limited" companies are not all un sound, and their peculiar statutory privilege is not the sole cause of nil the disasters which have overtaken the financial world. Probably it will lie found, on examination, tbnt tho failures are due, not to limited liability, but to the abuse of It. The principle in itself is sound enough— it Implies no more than that parsons msy trade on the understanding of their not being individually liable as here tofore for partnership debts, each man to "his last acre end last shilling-." That was tho old law, and the Act of 1386 simply declared hat associations of more than seven partners need not be bound by it unksi they liked. But | then they were to elvc the whole world nolle that they did r.ot sui,joct themselves (o -iie B"_ clcnt rule of unlimited individual pomihtllty for debts. TJ,c "woi'tl "limited," w'.dch Is always nnnexed w tiieic natr; ,g clwr walnln?. .i, after siie'.i a warning, creditors chose to give credit, why should tlicy ha prohibited from doing so? With respect to them tlio Act was simply permissive; it did not compel them to dcsl with the new companies unices they picr.sed. But, In truth, the hardships of the recent legislation havo fallen, not upon the creditors, but on the unwary shareholders We speak oi their liability as limited, but oftenlimei the " limit" is so wide that it might alino't en well be abrogated. The more recent undertakings arc regulated by the " Companies Act, 1862 " In (lis associations formed under it, " each member undertakes to contribute to tho assets of the company in tlio event of the same being wound up during tlio time tlmt lie is a member, or ivltbin one yew afterwards, for payment of the debts and liabilities of tlio compnuy contracted before the time at which bo censes to bo a member, and of the costs, charges, and expenses of wind ing up the company, and for ths adjustment of the rights of the conttibuU-ricn amongst them selves, such amount as may be required, not exceeding a specified amoant." It is tiue that bis responsibility is restricted, hut he cannot bo quit of it for twelve months after he has censed to be 0 shareholder; anil within that period there is always a risk that ho may he called upon to contribute towards the payment of anterior debts contracted by the company. For such debts the aetual shareholders are primarily liable, and past members are not to ba called upon unless " it appears to the Court that the existing mem bers aro unable to satisfy the contributions re quired to be made by tliem in pursuance t f this Act " Consequently, If n share has passed through the hands of a dozcu holders iu the courso of twelve months, every one of those persons may possibly be required to make contributions — subject always to this Im portant limitation, that nono "shall be re quired from any member exceeding the ninount if any, unpaid on shares in respect of which lie Is liable ns a present or past member.1' But, even as thus defined, the danger is often terrible. The warning Is trite, but it must be repeated again nud again till the lesson is more perfectly understood, by the inexperienced peieons who nro most likely to sutler, that the art of giving a company an appearance of fictitious strength and respectability has been carried to consum mate perfection in modern times. There are wonderful artists who devoto themselves exclu- sively to the pursuit, just ns there are practi tioners who can give to eld ngc and decrepitude the appearance of juveuile vigour. The esta blishment of companies is a profession in itself. What chance hr.s the outsider — the widow with a small dower, or tho country parson seeking a profitable investment for liis modest savings — against the cunning, long-headed " City" gen tlemen who aro ready — most ready — to receive money In exchange for shares ? II the cupidity of gain did not blind inexperienced investment- seekers to the most obvious warnings, they would perceive that tliey havo not a ghost of nchanco In the unequal contest with their practised opponents. The game Is moro legal, hut not a whit more equal, than that played by skittle-sharpers against the rustics who show their money iu London public- houses. No legislation can absolutely prevent gulls from being duped ; still, all that is possible ought to bo done for tlieir protection, and in tl.e interests of legitimate commerce it is desirable thnt tho law of limited liability should be, not abrogated, but accompanied by additional provi sions ngninst nbuse. In France, we believe, companies aro subject to a strict preliminary exa mination by proper officers of tho Government before they arc established. In Englaud, any i even persons can set up a new association with out such an ordeal. They have simply to register certain particulars, which may easily he sa de scribed as altogether to mislead (lie public witii regard io the real financial position of their enterprise. Until the law in this respect is ren dered more stringent — until associations are com pelled to produce adequate credentials before ob taining authorisation and registration — the evi! of "winding-up" will cuutlnuo to be geueral and hcronic. 