PASTORAL AND) AGRICULTURAL. ',e ore in the Ilbitt of givinlg precedenee to fne tlolal l'irs ceenose tluht is tlhe illtrl'el. on wslih.l stle f)osperity of Queensslnd hitherto h,, tnsily de pended, and on whisch it will probably depend for solme ryelrs to come; Ist ogriesiltore hls of latc de r:ansded thie grealtelnt. share of attenlio, and we thIere for, gi·ve it lhe flrst pelace in thlis suon ary. lhce cnw Crown ],Lnd.' Les.ils A lss h Ir oa w becosme fw. le na copy of ilt ill the f'snt d in s lllsltei clttmn. If this, law is well adminibstered ii. will operate heneieriell., Iset if the cileiils iit oflibra for eclselorsgillg land opelclloltioll alre nlot clhcked, sre shall se large quanlitiies of caprital uselesslyr locked up, and the I oaie o grireulturiss . 'rowselcd oul. 'The Act provides for tlhe salel, bIcy dleferred pay mntltts, of twso descriptioses of olus ; filrt, tlhat whichr has bcenl ounbred for sale Ibyouction iscl lnt sold (whichl ought therefore to bo intferitor Jlsd); and, accondly, those lands, shficeh ought to Ibe tihe best itn the colony, set apart for scricultural reservers. The rent, or rather ann?al instalment of the purchase monaey, is 2s. Gd. per ncre per annom for eiglht years; and, ill the case of land passed at nuction, no coa ditions of residernce or improvement are imposed, whereas, of lands taken up in the agricultural re serves, one-siaxthl must be cultivated during the first year. Now it is clear that. if too muchl land is not aemlred at auction, and all abuondaneo is always avail sale ill the agricultural reserves, the Arte may work well, becaeuse thle lands purelasedl will obe purchaserd in order that they moay I turned to account. But if a muchl larger quantify of good land than is required is bronghlt foroard by nuertio, large areas will subse quently fll ito tsl hIands of mere speculators, tle value of is'ivate estates will le seriously drteriorated, and tle progress of real ectllealsnt will be greatly checked. It is Ihardlly possible, Iowever, to Ihare too nmelh land oplen foe selection is tile reserves, because there improvemenrts musat be cleted, and the general welfare of tile colony subserved. In a prevsious summanry we qioted a report from Me. Hill, selector of ngriclalturall seerves, and a sub srquene report appears in our present. issue. From thlese it will be seen ttsat a vast quantity of land is thle settled distrilts, sluerh of it wilhiln a hundred miles of Brisbane, is waiting for the plough. TIhe Governmenst hare not vet acted on tile last report, but a late issue of thie ?aRlte containss proelamlaion of several sea' agrircultural reserres, inmelly, at Loidley, Gaoton, Iolgeoa's Creekl (Feltoa),Talgai, and Piltos; alao extensions of tile previous reserves at Warwick and Ipswich--lthe latter to the extent of 8000 acres, lwhich were mcah wanted. A considerable quantity ofthe land thus thrown open has been taken up, anmid us thie cultivation of one-sixthl of it withlin thle year is imperative, we maSy expect ecnsiderable naimations among thile agrirulturists of Qaeenslasd during tile iest twelve Inontllhs.. The cultiratiou of cotton anld sugr-especially of tile former--is spreading rapidly. Thle most exteon sivre ploantation i thle colony is thalt of CoptaLin Towns on the Loganl River, lrisbane district, worked by .South Sea l-landere, an aceoaat of wlhich, abridged from one of our metropolitan contomporaries, appears in anothelr column. Tle asuccess ol cotlon-,rowing- during tile seasons of 1864-5 has had the effbect of forcing orven a larger quantily ou land thllan last year snder that branch of cultivalion. Those awho hare bres growing cotton, so far as we cnall learln, have, withllout onception, increased their ollerations, whaile tile new growers ore numerous. It is thie more sntisfsloory, thlcrelore, to know tshat tile present roal promises weoll. Should thie season thlroughlout irorve favourable, cotton- growing will be the muin crarop of the colony, and will rank lext to weool. The large pilantations on thle sea board are proving very successful. Theire is a considerable demand for sugar-cases for tihe plontatious ill thie mlorthl. Two large slhipments wa-re snade on Tuesday for Bowen and Cleveland Bay. The shoonaer Rose, bound for tIe last-namned place, takes 10,000 canes, the plrodluce of Measrs. Campbell's plhntation at Clevlhand, for Captain Towns' new plan tation at Towasville, and other sliplmlents are to fol low, as the gesFlenmau ment iosed is planting on a very extensive scale. The other shlipment mentioned is 402 bundles of canoe from the Hoas. L. Ilope's pIlua tatios, consigned by the Clarence, a., to Mr. J. E. Davidson, Iaho isforsaing a plantation at P'ort Denison. With regard to the Port ])reison pinstation, whichl is vet ill its infanry, we read i a nlate number of tile local journal:-At a ameeting of tsle )ireotors of the Sugar Compaosy it was resolved tlhat thlirty ocres of the ground should at once be planled withl corn, sand lthat tour acres of cne (ordecrs for which were sunt) should te Iplanited as a nurecry. This will be irrigated, arnd directions larve beenI fowarded to ltellbourne for the colstruction ofa lnuslp of suitable poawer. This inur- sory, if successful (and there can be little doubt oa that eaore), will serve to plaut ouLafier the corn crop, and will save the expense of porchasing so many nmore -enaes. The plouglhinsg ls proceeded rapidly since the last rain. Sugar cultivation os the Maory riveor is making rapid strides. Thie Incal jurnal says:-The works lor tile eosar-maskisg establislhment (Hstesars. Glad well and Greotlsead's) on the bhnks of the IMary, are beinig rigoroesly carried ona under tile super -ilion of an rexperiesced engineer, und will bCe flly comlh'lted by thle time this season's crop is ready for crusting. No epenseo or care has been spared to oeeure success to tile esterprise, ansd sineerely wn hope it may achieve thle success it deserves. Mr. Bulaot, so well known m Queensland in croee-,lion withI the sub ject of sager-growinag, as been engaged to ssperitend the manufactory, sand rrired here by tihe last steamer from Briebane. The cultivation of tile sugar-cane on thie banks of the Manry ihas received a great simnulus since tlhe commencement of these works. There is now folae encouragement to growins tile cane, since it canl be put to iss hint pr,,nilale use. Somne remsarks by Mr. lluhot, ill refereneo to thin matter, will be fouasl in anothler coluomn of this issue. A lante issue of the Jfirsytoroush C'ronicle ears : The Leichlardt, on her last taip, broughlt ul the greoter Ihrt of the plant for Messrs. Goladwell and Greatllenad's .lgar flealory. fieom the works of IMersra. Chapuias ans d Co., of Sydnes, whlichl good jsdlges experiened men ill Ithis way-:-- ronoure superilor in m:sterial sald norkmanshtip to a great deal that they have seen arrivei from moi Uentfirmss in the old country. Tile scrcess of sugsasr-makisg in Queeslandt therle can be no doubt of, ill th re face of rexperimentls Ilthat hae be:n iladse, ansI the extenosiveeultivatio of sugaor-cUane is only a questionl of capital nsdl time. Isaformntio n was receiverd by thle ])irectors of tlle Mlar aaboroul, Sugar Comnpany, by tle la.l EIglisl tas il, frosa the Glongow lirms from aswhaml tihe nmahlinery and boilers for thle manufselalcsy of sugar have Ireen ordered, tliat the order is being carriredl out, snd ill the month of- Jsansarv or Februlary next it is ealculatedl tie ilant will arrive at Qseeuslaand. Ilut thfis will be etoo Ile for sbolut 40 ncres f a~lne which the mnaslanys will esoa have readly fo rc.rlshing, ansd which, therefore, will, iin all probability, be crushed aldedmansfctured at MIessrs. (Iladwell and Great rhead'Ls esltablirlsmelt, who Iarie now nearlvy, if not all, tile malorial they requira for thle construction of their waorks on the grouad; and who in a few weeks will be ready to coumeace operations. Thie sueCCess attetdiaag the labour of thlengriCulturislTs in tlhis (Ipswiche ) district contiauss to be verrlv sntis fletory, not only indueiig those adready eng:geCd io that branch of isadustry to exleud thle splhere of thei labours, but also .elrouraging others to turn their attentioll to, nod embark in, tile ssnme pursuit. Orub and e:terpillar, so ratch drealded a short time ago, haure nlow entirely disaplpeared, thalllnas to thie lheav?ry slhowelrs aWlliel eallle downll lit I lot oplportlune times -when the earnes of these Ieasts lere begintig to beh muell fell. 'J'The lmnge dolle by the recent heavy siorms is a ?mct 1tens serious tna sns Untiesiptated. Frulllit lrees Ihare llasl eonsiideroble sullfferers, tlhose ill bearling losiog more or less of theilr erop, awhile youag tender trees Ihave lauatlllilled, ill some c eases, milOI'S beit OnS ilqlIiY. thraties, 1)e:lllhes, aad a few oltller treesb now baeasinig pl'omise well. laayaakseru eIxperienced aomae troulle in onrsetquenrce of thle fireqluerny of the shioasera, iut tale sunshilne wliaih in.ealea ed atreveneted nay sessiable loss. Tlhe 'yiald of lhis artlire is veryT Ilrge, exmceeding tiat of n yoaa previous seansonli. This 1h :1e t·LIusted a ollsidir:a:lb e r(eallat.liol ill plier. lld hollners ne sellin$ g nto : muh ls nenre fagure theu im porieL's enn lliedl to lake. Yery littlle maize is beitg put ii. A few paatehes of lueerce, ju-. nt w r1co'er ilg froml biae erilletsa o a' Ihe ~alL., hlaok liaett well. The 'osug cottoli ( 'o p l' esomillg iup luxluaisantI3 lrl, as thile isroets oaf Ilillllillsn ] an o yet eOllllnlllered, ey qipw'S ashirh the late siosrms asmay halve encsed will nut be felt, nahile lhi moiltsre impasrisd tI} he earth will pirove of lthe pleellest bhllefit. If lihe a'a-on Iuallss outl. falvoulalle tlhe ield will be tile la:urgest yet ksownu in the colrv--ia taet ahlnost d:uble that of alay foramer crop. lWheni das not ?reram to recelae aiuch uttean liaa, in onsequcale of there,' beiag iao aill ian lthi distrias. ir. Challillieer ourlilted to l ?11 s Friday some ve ry fillo reeiu- of l'eruevi:n maize, received by him from Mr. Hill, of the Ilo?ndne Gredes, fhe dietrileuteoe nmollg tIe aglriculbourists of this district. 'lhe grains a',, very barge, eelt the plant ic sidl to thrive sell iC this colony,. W.e ihe the, lPelclwineg ilte lian olerlo i'offle (e,',,cl, of fee I ith iein-t:--'l'h,e Police letgi-terih has reec-ived from ri'. Walter ]fill two steal psarkets of maize, vilh e eeteece thalt he neill distrilutlmetie aelemnoeg the faaraeae'sof t his districl. ' lesis maz, h. bern introdueced by fle Qatensl-a- l ejo-ernmeet-e, ot. a eonsidelrnbe e eh,,ost., linam Seoach 4 teric'--one colel e is a whie, the othere a sritped variety; letlh are of large fine grail auld sreem to be of- rlelendd auallily. ''he size ofC tLe hlie mayte be best. cotieeteld y Ihle fItl thlet 58 grains ore equeal in weight to 115 grioe of ordinlry maeize. Onlly 58 pCriles have bCeen sret feIe dislrihbution, eaol but fiaw persons couhll, conseqieetlyll, Ieceire aneyof Ihelec; e lt as in every case it hasI bee· elipulated Ihy tile police magiestraelend agreed to, lhat a peortiee of lehe pro duce -hall be r atsuned fo lhim, a more liberal distribu tion mecy be hereafter expected. WlheLther the gemnin will be nluterous ie flhe cob as well as large, or, ie other words, whet-lher thle cob will yirhld more meal than our comlton variety remains to be seen; if the produce is lar·e in proportion to the grain, tile Government will have conferred a great benefit in Qnrenslhnd by the introduction of thlis corn. Tile Upper Mary correspondent of tlheo Chronicle writes:-I think it is safe to predict that within two years the right bank of the Mary, from Rosehill to Tinro landing place-a distance of twenty-fire miles -will be cleared of secrb and under crop. The left bank will probably remain much as it is for a longer period, for peoplt will not buy inferior land, even if no otlher be otope to them, although thle Governmentt try to persuade them the land is worth cultivating. Tie Governlment are responsible for tile acts of their servants, whlo will possibly some of these fine days be cutting up Mount Baupal in farms; and alas! tile lanutd there is as good as many of tile Queensland vaunted reserves. One of tile most encouraging sights on the river is a large entent of leared land, begin ning on thie right bank of tlhe river nearly opposite, but a little lower down than Greham's Creek, and costiniting for nearly a mile in lengthl, and in width reaching back from the river about fifteen or twenty chains. Here alone are growing, and growing well, about eichty-five acres of corn, and perhlaps (.pproxi matelJy) fifty of sugar cane, fifteen of potatoes, withll countlesspine-apples, baanans, grspe vines, and rosella, pench, orange, and lemon trees. "IThere is wealthI here," said sa farmer to Ise, "if there is none in that scrubby town below there," pointing in your direc tion. "There is," said I. "T'le plough will be at work hete nest year, and then good-bye, a long fare well, to thle Hunter, the HIawkesbury, thle Richrlmond, the Clarncre, and indeed to all New Southl Wales agriculttural importaltioso," continued my friendj Withll respect to lharvest prospects on the other side of the Main lRalge, the T',onoomtba Clhronicle re sorts:- Oata, lucerne, and prairie grass are now being cut for hIay and garnered, and tile crops are ae knowledg!d by every one to be as good if not better than in any preceding year --while tiue ctent of screace from lwhicih those products are being gathlered is far in exerss of any previous "period. Thie wheat generally looks well, ntd if rust does not attack it between this and tile short period when it will be ready for ithe sickle, an abundant yield may faitly be anticipated. We ihave htard of one instance and one only in whichl rust has nmade its appearance in this vicinity, and sincerely trast this will pIrove to be tile otly euae, ansd that in this instance it will pass off without serious damage. Potatoes present a good applearance, ith tbhe excep tion of here and there a spot where new ground ihasn been broksenutp and not properly ptlverised, where as may naturally be expected, ithe stalks are week and unpromising. Corn looks strong and hIealthly, and a very good yield moy be expecled. Oarden stuff, tle sesson for whiich Ins been a favourable one, is much more plentfol tthan during previous years. Tie ap pearance and yield of crops genserally on thte HighfGclds Rond are as favourable as could be wishled-many of the farmers who ihave settled down in lthat direction during the last five or six mouths being surprised and delighted with the excellent appearance of their gardens and fields, proving as it does tihe etraordinary fertility s thie soil, and cising pIromnise of abundant remunero tisn for future lahours in their newly acquired home etends-spots whlichl form a contrast scarcely to be imagined except by :hose liingg thereon, and awho have seen their almtst stdden change from a state of nsture to their present pleasing apiearanee and prolifl yield. Tile tempests whichl swept over this district on Fridny t and Saturday week were very severe ; tley are alluded to elsewhlere. A Brisbane contemporary says:--The damage inflicted by thle storm of Friday last on tile gardens it passed tihrough was very serious. Thie vincyards, without excepltion, hItave sulfered greatly; t he storm-range emobracing the Gslp, Indoo roopillv, South Brisbaue, Kedron Brook, and the oGerman Statlion. In the last-named district thlledoam age has bren pltrtieularlv sceer, cspecially amongst the earliest gropes; tahe systenm of training to single stakes beitng tlhat usually adopted, and whichl has been found wanting in support to the vines when they hace to bear up against a Iary st.rm. The damage done to ground crops--us maize, pumpktins, &c.--is; not so great, for altlhotgh they Ihave been beaten or washled down in several places, they are yet young, and the viconr imsparted by the soaking the ground haos re ceived will be ultimately to their benefit. A reeent issue of a Tooo-oomba paper has tihe following :- -During Sinday last tile sky was clouded, anid thie air at times very oppressive. On ftondaytlhe noonday hIour was very carm, lwheli, shlortly aflterwards, sacudding clouds enveloped us, atd a cold breeze stole over us from thie west and south-west. Tust before midnight occasional slighlt sounds of thunder were Ieard, accomtpanied by rain, and from one to six o'clock on Tuesday, heary peals roused us from our slaambers. TIte rain cottinued ia hIeavier showers, almost constantly, until tile earth was well reft-eshed. ThIe crops in onr fields and gardens have put on a Iheavier and rit-ier appearance, and bid fair to yield us as rich a harvest as hIas been known for years past. Chinamen seem determined to perform a imlporltant rdle in the development of thie agricultural capabilities sfthis eoantry. One might almost say thlat they are the onlyd people lwho thoroughlly understand thie re qtirements of thle piice, and ast on thaIt undtersland in. Othiers clroiaete irrigation : Johnl says notiling, but. goes in and does it. We extract tihe following frotm lhe "Pettl Dotrs-s Tehlramit: Tile people of this district are under weighty obligaflions to tilat niuchl maligned indiridual, John Clhiiniuait. Amnidtt all ti diseouragements attending a rciesesion of droughts, John lit is pereevered with his c-bb:ge- gard-usi, provided liis Europun conttenm alnosLt ellbctailly bailled fever- iind-ague. And we are glad to believe that Joln's per.everance i. well rewarded, for on no other nssumption can tlie extension of his cultivation plots be accounted for. DIri'ng tIlie past few weeks, tlle stifl clayeyr lnd at the b:ck! of tile Catholic Clurch and in front of the Lagoon, has been substantially paled in, and thero is now nearly an nere of groind under cultivation, which will apl)paicnly yield a good supply of rvegttablcs a few wccks lihuce. All tis lias been necompllished by two Clininmen. Would two lnglilihmcen have pro duced such results ? If not, let us welcome John as an industrious neighbour and useful colonist. It appears tlint we are soon to hlave raspberries and stranwberries and all sorts of luxuries here--at least, wer iay judlge so fron the two following paragraphs, extracted from a Brisb:h e paper:- Mr. Burns, of the Stratton NuLrery, lias soled a qeislion of mueli interest to hortieulturieat, as lie has proved by tactual experiment that the rasp berry cn be cultivated surcessfully in this colony. A very generil imnl)rescion cxisted that the plant would not bear fruit inl so warm a climate. 3ir. Burns, how ever, lies proved in a very estisfactory manner that the popular o]pinion was an error. On the 20th of July last lie phiutedl some rasherbcry elems which were ita ported (rom anothlr colony, anld which lit lthe time were so dried up and withered thnt lio had no (expeitr tion of elver seing tlhem grow. They did grow, howi ever, and throve nimziiigly, anld at lhe present time are loaded itit manifleeltt fruit-thus proving beyond a donlt that this farvoritoi of lihe Einlieli pgrdener ,ill flourislh in Qilul?inslnd, and bear ftrlit in perfeclion. We Ihave been s:o-wn a very fine baskrt ofstra:n berries, growni in tlie l]oln district. Thli fruit is of a fatir .iz', ant i;t flirour is superior to what mighli be expeletel. The soil in whlier thi" nianls are orowin? i( of a sildy lniture, sod, as thle grower infor us us that an particular eare hlns been shown to them, we Iltey canclude that those of our market alrdniers wto lcliose to devote some attention to the strawherry platt, ainy f.wourably compete with imi pnrlers from New Soilu II WiCle. Thei fuct is that wlhen Scare and nttenlion are hestowed upon it,"the soil of this enOltnl cili proUdtce fruits fiteilld e for which at pro peiit ?ce fire ulmlost eutirely dependent upon the neigh boutrinll colonies. in illnstretioi of the mw-rvellous ferlility of tlhe IQ 'eirslo:od soil in 6omeu lorolitir wa quote the folluowilg from a eonltemporars:-T--hele was vesler day left. no aour oulree ithe tfluet parcel of barley (in ear) we lhavre yet seell in Qoeensland. It was grown on thie farm of Mlr. Samuel Staunton, South iriebule, aud consists of the proudre of five stools of Cupe lirloey--ono seed astl, inaning sent upi 80 cer?. Mr. Stauftoi hans had ueqoituatlee with the same farley in its untire country, lbt euenr te llr llnev s?w flinerl grlalo oer o folrge a yield. Ollut of euri,?ils we ihad the hndle weighed,andh Iereull 6howe r ov:r 5 Ibs., rerlsioly n fle relurn from liv?e seals, if for glree feed aloie. lI1 thifs ase Ihe gninii in ftll und firm. The g.rowier behees thatif.?url.ientIi room wa-s givetl for the growthl of this description of barley the yiield would be very Ihary. ''rning nexo rt Ipusloral ocsroupotalin,. we lha;re a mingled tale to fell of )good and evil tidings. L-e. us brgi withl the lbad, whicl, in qunltity, eertaiily ;Irc poldertess. ]tut we iil rememiber tihe story of thlel l,'pere: there alre ten lo complail, but only one to gi'e thanks. So with our bualosie. Wlhe all goes aell, wce helar roLhing of them; hut when adversity overtatre tllei, flhe lelsI 1ooli spireuds. Few naon makoa a fuss about their good frtuane, but a majority liue to makeo kblown lheir lhardships. Ulqiiestionably, in some parts of the ealonl stoed ownere of lute iase ihad to undergo terrible trials. In one district we hear of no rain for three years, the :ountre which hlas chiefrly suffered from drought being that lying in a north'westerly direction. These visita tions, however, are exceptionaol, but tihe following ex tracts will serve to showow sw srevere theiy ihave been: The Dawson correspondent of tihe Gardian writes: -In no district of the colony has this season's drought been more fully felt in all its worst effects then in this; it is absolutely pitiable to look back-for, thank God, the worst seems past-and see tile frightful wreck of valuable properly tihe want of rain Ieas occasioned. Those squatters whose locks were able to travel wisely drove their sheep to distant pastures ; but some were unwilling to adopt this course, believing and hIoping from day to day that rain would soon come, until, alas ! the stock became unable to travel, and only too often died of starvation. Under those circumstances, it is little wonder that tlhings are dull; every one grumbles or mopes, for it is every persoun's case to have lost shlrep or cattle, a hIorse, or other useful brute; and unfCor tunately many equatters have lost shecep, cattle, and hiorses. Several good sllowers have passed over us lately, and shed themnselves on tile parelhed earthl, but the nature of this soil requires a very great deal of rain to do material good; albeit the showsers aforesaid hae given the grass a slight sprins in nmaliy ilacee, and the poor sheep ihave now some kind of a chlance to stave off' starration. I amn glad to be enabled to record the fact that several sqsttsers whose rns lhavre esestped thie droughti, and ore thercfore comparntirely well grassed, shave kindly assisted their neighbours to the extent of their ability by permitting a few thlounsand sheep to deposturo on thelir runs. The Goondiwindi correspondent of the Iiarsoick Argns writes:-The weather now is extrestsly hot, and thie country from want of rain is beginning to look miserable-in fset, it nmay with justi.e be said that as yet we hlave ihad no epring grass. No sooner hlas it appeared than it ins witslhered up again, anod yet I understand that we are better off' in this particular on the stations in the immtediate vicinity of Goondi windi than in imost parts of the interior. From Welltown, Mr. Lowe'e station, for at Ieot one Ihun dred msiles down the Barwon, thie whole face of the cosntry resembles an ordintly stockyard, and the only wonder is Ihow the stock exist at all. IMr. Clynes and monny other squntters are hIerdine their quiet cattle and driving themn from place to place, to get a snfireicney of grass to keep hides and bones together. TheI Surat correspondent of the Dalby t. erald writes -" What the world of the Balonse and the esrround ing district is coming to, is at present a mystery mueh doubt being cepressed flthaint we shall any of us be sulive next year. The so-much-wishled-for rain is like tle grapes were to the for-rather sour. For tile last week we have been tIntallised by obheerving lar·eg soiames of rain-clouds passinsg over us, and with some thling like an naproteh to a tshunderslorm, lbut, alue, only to disappear, to visit some more faovured spot. On 'Sunday afternoon it blew alnost a Islericaie, and the rain ename down for about an honur; since thlen we Ihave had nothing but scorchinig ihot weather, and hligh winds durin- the night. Thie thermsomnter, last setk, averaged 104 in tile shsade; so I leave you to guess whalt it was outside. :............ lOrses re in a most miserable condition; in fact, you will look at them and imaeine they were tile ghosts of Rozinsnte. Those who ride them are almost liable undereMlartin's Act. A very little more of thlis weatlher, and you need not expect any communination from this district, for we shall not be able to send it down for want of Iorses. As for beef or mutton, we hIave long since ceased to think of a good piece of meat, but now content our solves with eririot, or a very near approach to it. Uslssehily we are not in thie position the French are, to fall back on hlorose-flesh for food. We hare a few goats browsinsg u)oon air, and when tile abigail sallils forthl to milk them, too often finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for n few days' food for us. Even the river is beginning to tell its dire tale of want of rain--thle water is stinking, and is now so low near tile townshlip that you may walk across. To add to our list ofgricrances.Talavera Station is asheut to be abandoned for want of water. Already some of the sheep have left-some sany for Clifton, othcos for Mel bourile; but I am not able tossy which is correct, lor I don't think tile nmanager knows himiself." A eorrespondent at Logns Downs sends us thie fol. losing very end account of the present condition of tlht country. Tlhose who usrelleetingly talk about thle rapaciousness of squatters and tihe wealth which they are acusmulating, would do well to reflect thlat the stateiments of our Lognn )ownas' correspondent will at present apply to tie condition of affairs in moany other localities:-"'The wasl;t of rain is must seriously felt uip here; and as a proof thlereof, this station (Logan Downs), is watering six flocks ofshceep (14,000), 40 Itorses, 40 send of eattle, &c.;, fromn two small wells, o-ly 1* feet of water in eachl of said wells. The grass is actually burnt up, and we who havIe to travel, I assure you, experience enoughl for want of water. None to be found from lcre to Nebo, unless in one place, =nrad e?n nearly rule out."-Gu -?ardian. As a proof of tile severity of the recent drought, sae's thie Dal. Herald, it is stotd that tie country beyond .Tiinbour Creek, as far as Bridge Creek, a dis tUnlce of about 70 miles, is destitute of water nted grass, and thie traveller meets with scores of wallsties and kangaroos lying dead on or near tihe road. This part of the coulntry is renpre.-enslcd to be in a wrtcheid slate, and stock upon it inre sullern d geetly. We hope thie recent rains are signs of the breakhing up of this verye severe drought, nmd that sufiicint wtill follow the instalmcnt to completely change the arid and cheerless appearance nf thie country. A gentlinran iwho uri'ved in DaUnlby yesteraiy, says thie same jo'crnla, represents the country on the Mloonic River as in tie most wrctel'd 1light. Tlerce hais not bren a Fil of rain there for monthts, and there is a tihd absence orgrass-theeouontryis a bare asasntdydesert. Tlhe few Ieand of hor:es that are stronl Cenouagh to walk are collected iun the stockyirls aniI tibd oin tie Ireds found in the dry beds of cre.-eks and swamps. The condition of nll live sltoek is most deplorable. Tihe Peak Dowls'Telenram hais the following:- Reports of the wrtelted stnteof tie country are d:nily being received, thie grass tha;t had commenced to spring a few eeks aego Ihaving been sitihcred up by a power ful stun and dry atinds. On Friday last tiheo dust in Clermonlt nwas a'nmost suflocatilng even inside a closed up hIouse. KNenrly all thestations are sufferint except those on tie doescns, 'hecre tlne stock is watlered from wells. Between Volfauugtnd Nebo Creek the counnty is described as truly wrehchedi. This sltate of aitnire, angivntelil by the conditisn of the money murketanid tine excessive taxation jest inlposed, Imas spraud a gene rl gloom over thie whole conctry. Turning ttei to better favoured regions (and hap pily they preponleracte) we find thie folloning: Fron all wo e ti heIar wits referenee to squattintg ollfhire, thie spring rains appi.cer to Imve been pretty well distributed along thie coast country. Indeed nwe hear of no serious complaintBt except from tlie f?ir wester and orthwers n lt n- errn districts, wherne the country seems to be labohuritg froin cehrouiic tIlirditines. ]:;n stock is plentifunl, and thie pIrineipaln boilitg down establishments iuhave been acrtisilv enlnloyed for some timne p.-t. At Cleveland Bay n Jarge number of cattle ihavre been sent to the isote. No intclligcncee lins reached ius as to -ist has been doirg it Balote Creek, but thie Ynegarie works at Martborough, for thie pre paratiot of 1hie extract of meot, are to be exetended with te view of inresinEg theiri capabiiilities. Meat curing is anlo curricd on at Towna Marie anid Bed'anik, on thie Brisbnune. Tihe tales of fat stockh clfeted ihave been chlietly for the supply of lorle baUitheritg estab lishmnntn ; but at Qlnldstone lnereo is an iotire export trade coarried iu . ill one wleek thIree vessels clarscd out, nuseely: -Il he lKae ?aters, with 227 hend; tihe Lonmbrd, wlth lIt; and the Lady 1l)arline, itli 280; in all, ti33 ieed. lTho iade is priinc'iln ll ,tith New Zealaund, anld ii. lilnd enplollyment for tswo auxiliary screw sc:aersc andI three sailing ressels. From Bris bnse, too, sal export trade i cunttle has beete estab litsed, nld one vessrl. thie thike S. Page. has been chartered for tine trips to Nen Zcaaltd. ,illl respect to thie Yenogaric works refeIrrceId to above, the Mcaryborough meler sin the ftllowing : Messrs. Tostt nnd Cren nie mnIing large ceddeitiione to their meat nreseriing ecian isilment at ~eingctrie,. It was originnally their iteletion, we bhlicev,, to carry on e similar establishmaent at Twofdcd liar, and a lnrge qoantity of plant Ilid itecn ordered for' thait pur iosce. Thins deilgn is now sbandoned and the plant hie::s been forwardentd to this plhre, where thie telllnennfC Itre will 1low be earried oil, ol a inllost extlensivre scale. Sco'respondent wsritili to the etuardc.nn troam tlie Western Jiowns saos :-SeICnarinng lins ('oenIIneiPced oni several of tlhe tations in this tilltrict, cintd Ithn ]ancb inc seoson is at its Ieight. 'lThe firmer ipromises well bri tle flockoswncrs: Ithe wools is much suicerior in qonit i, aund more abundant in quantisy thoi hnist year's clip, tid nothing like so much infected with gresc'-sced. I celtllnot, ieowever, opeal eo IhopefullIy ill re.fercce to thie lembing; in this dictrict (oswing to thie long dronght and searcity of feedi, coupled with thie extreate diliety orf proeuring Iutmn to toesd thie loeks) it will be a comphlte failure. Ot omne otitilons tte squatters are actually destro.ying the lnambs in order to save tihe ewes; gross, there is none, and every description of four-legged cattle are little less tlhan'livinog skeletons. Froe the Delby ferald:--Shearing is tnov being totively carried on at thie neighboering stations, n sd many of our labouring classes are absent endeavour ing to make a "rise," during bthis the busiest season ofthe year, that will enable them to clear off the store aecounto. Mosey from this source is expecled to be more plentiful in a short time. About one hun dred bales of the new clip from Jimbour have passed through town en route for the port of shipment, and more are expected tofollow immediately. In another month or sir wsers tile teams will be bringing the wool down from tile interior and a more lively appear ance will be imparted to our country towns, and'the various lines of road. Several stalione hare found it nstcessary to dclay~shraring operations in conseqseneo of thle scarcity of water. Reports from thle Maranoas satle that squatters are shearing in the grease rathler than wait for the clhanre of rain. The sheep on sereral stations oni tile Mooni have been subject to great dis tress in consequence of tile eamrcity of water and feed, and thousands are now travellingtoprocuresustenanee. A Gladatone correspondent wretes os followse: The lamnbitg Isa been most successful on many stations ill this district. Thle increase being 92 per cnt. Shlearing is progressing on several of the eltations. Tile first wool of ttli year's eiiphas arrived in the port about tenl days ago from Momlt Lareome Station. Willh reference to the beef cured at Town Marie, near Ipswich, on thIe Morgan system, the following letter lhas been publislhed in thIe -S. . Herald:,-Mr. Malcolm l)avis, Adelnide, 30th September, 1806. Sir,-We haire much satisfaction in stating that a eceoud rask of beef cured by your Jprocaess, after ex posure for nerly twelve sllolitls In tile Northern Territory, the cask standing by thie side of thie house exposed to air and sun, lhas turned out remarkably good and sould, it is far preferable to any other kind we hsarve tlsted, and feel assured that it otl y requires to be more generally known to supersede the ordinary salt provisions now it use, bothi on board shipi and ashore. You ore lat liberty to maoke any use of this as you may thlink propr. Sig?ted,-F rdcdo rick Howard, I ommander R.N., of thie Governmentsurveying sloop Beatrice ; M. Stewart Gay, Lieutenant R.N., of the Government suarveyin slorolp Belatrice; John M'Kinlay, R. I?. E~dlmnds, 0. G. Mayo. 