THE SKETCHER. Jottings about the Huon. No. IV. There are certain parts of this vale of tears, wLich we should personally feel inclined to call a rale of smiles, that puzzle one as to the reason why human beings should like to live in (hem. Charles Dickens tells us of a seedy but sensible barrister, on his promotion, who in his utterly lonely chambers saw a ghost, who told him to " get out of this," as the chambers were his, since he had there cut his I throat. "Certainly, sir," remarked the inmate; ! "but as you gentlemen ghosts can go anywhere, ?why do you stick about such dreary places ?" "Queer," 6aidthe ghost, striking aphantomhand on a phantom forehead, " I never thought of that; we are stupid fellowB - very stupid fellows," and vanished. Now that was just what was running in our heads on waking up at Port Eeperance, and, though looking over one of the most wonderfully beautiful sheets of water the Almighty has created, and looking back at one of the most "graceful of mountains, still there was the sensation " why do civilised Christians come and live in such places, when they can, if they like, go aud do it elsewhere?" For the Australians are not Russians. If they were we could understand it. Upon the whole, we think that the most in teresting book upon travels, except Alison's Voyages, is the Russian Admiral Wrangel's j Travels in Siberia, when he tried to reach the North Pole on sledges drawn by dogs over the ice. During his desperate struggles of three years he lived among a set of people at the Hishnei Koleyma, where the glass was one day 71° under Zero, and one-fifth of the people died of starvation and the typhus fever. This was nothing irregular, but the normal state of things. Why do the people do it, and don't wander away? Simply because they are under the Russian Government, and have to ask permission for wandering. So they have to stop and die. That case is intelligible enough. But we could not help thinking, gloriously beautiful as the ecanery is, how can civilised beings go and stick down at such out-of-the ?way places as about the lower Huon, to con vert themselves into moral cabbages. For wandering out smoking early a cigar, this was what we saw for two hours(1) a cow-S.B., a particularly bad one; (2) three horses, worse; (3) a very pretty little girl, who said her name was Susan; (4) seven horrible little boys talking unutterable abominations, though the eldest could not have been more than twelve; and (5) a pig. Now for one day one could stand this, but how for a quarter of a century? Why a man must grow into a zoophyte, or an oyster, or a sea-blubber, or any impassive marine anomaly you like. Thus we thought as we looked at the face of our intelligent host at the- very early break fast, and at last asked the question. "Well," he said, "I hold with the Yankee, there is nothing new and there is nothing true, and it don't signify; nor does it where one is or ?what one is. But spare me a day, and you trill find that there is something good besides the port, aud we will see it after our feed. And then friend M. shall show you something worth seeing." The feed came, and it was a feed. These South Tasmanians get fish such ae we Melbournites have no notion of, though it is entirely owing to our own Tifglw*. Fresh trumpeter is food for an em peror! and though, of course, trumpeter can not be eaten in Melbourne as fresh as off Maria Talimflg still he can be brought on table ia thirty hours after his premature decease, and thatiB worth having. He is in our sense one of thekings of the fishes/nearly, if not quite, equal to turbot, aud just wkat we colonists mut-something to wy beef and mutton with the alternation of mutton and beef. Then we" lad one bronze*winged pigeon, and then three quail-on the table that is-and ti^^njmps, and then oysters, and we began tothink ^orfc Esperance was no such had pkoe after all; and after hesiteting'at so point btfbka ^uestlojy asked what mig'ht be the .fcheie; legacies.! JThfe vegr fcank too be hiad ibir the tfatoting, «£»*&%» ;;^^Vlh'e:r^^,!there" j Amount t: arid j most able liethat wsiiad . wondrously blue, miiDOS&B;) alios wattles, were all out in perfect perfume, beating Mr. Him rael's perfumes, and the whole scene seemed to exult in its own beauty. The very fish were well-conducted, for our bow oar caught a small incipient shark an awful whop on the nose, and the shirk, instead of saying " did you mean that for me, sir P" ducked and disap peared. And then we ran in upon the mud fiats, and rapidly exchanged water for land. Mr. M., proprietor of the saw-mills, wa9 with ub, and very kindly asked me and some half dozen othera to come up at once to the mills and lunch at his overseer's cottage. Our guide was a skipping little girl in cloak and hat, who tripped before ub like a kid some half a mile, whence we came at once upon the works. Most saw- mills are alike, but this was on a very large scale. From the Esperance stream a run of 1,300 yards brings the water to the huge overshot-wheel, forty feet in diameter, first filling a small feeding pond, large enough for three hours' supply. About twenty men are at present employed, who can saw about 5,000 feet a day, which is remunerative at 103. per 100 feet. Now the mill was standing still, but last year it turned out 1,100,000 feet. These works are only of about two years' stand ing, and the great time for profit was in the gold period, when D., is said to have netted £1,000 a week, when common work men made £100 a month, which they spent in brandy, port wine, champagne, cabs, and worse, and were begging at the end of a few months. A saw-mill of this class is always interesting, because it brings palpably before us the triumph of machinery over matter. It was curious to see great logs of the hard blue gum, when brought against the circular saw revolv ing like lightning, how a jet of sawdust played ceaselessly in the air, and the unyielding metal traversed the parting timber, till in a couple of minutes & clean hewn plank fell off and was placed aside. Then there were perpendicular saws shooting up and down and slicing their logs, and the tramway at hand was ever ready to supply fresh food to the ceaseless steam-engines. This tram is worth looking at for its cheap ness and efficiency. It is made of mere wood, pegged down with wooden trenails, and although it has only cost 3s. 6d. per rod, will bear a weight of ten tons. A log of at least three tons-a mightymasa-wasslung uponthe truck, which began at once to move when set free, and ran steadily down to the mill. The trees were very large even here, but I was told that higher up they were gigantic, 200 feet up to the first bough-giant columns rising to the sky. The work of the mill has, how ever, already cleared a large and ever-widen ing space, and if timber rise to a remunerating price, the eun andjair will be let in upon many an acre. But the trade is hot remunerative, and so the stock accumulates at. present, till the pier was piled with logs upon logs, to be "turned into cash some of these days. Looking not at the logs much, but at the tramway, we could not help think ing. Here we are j here is a real live working tramway, which costs just £300 (a hundred more or a hundred less does not much matter), and there it brings down these awful big logs. And why on earth can't we have these cheap tramways in "Victoria? Of course they have the cheap timber here, and the motto is "down with the treesbut out here is like going up Jacob's ladder, and in Riverina it is all as flat as a billiard table. Why cannot we have them everywhere out here at the same cheap price ? Who is going to be the future prophet to tell Australia that her coming agricultural pros perity is to depend on tramways. But it is. What is the use of growing crops where nobody can sell them? There was a nice follow this time, who told us that he had been gamekeeper to Lord --, the great agricul turist. Well, his potatoes were wonderful, but he had chosen to ensconse himself in a small shanty of a public-house, whither it cost £2 l0s. per ton to send ^themup. The con veyance was a common cart over a broken road. A tramway would have tsken them for half-a-crown. What on, earth is the use to inscribe a couple if beasts like the emii and jousgarop on our Australia^ arms, when we baye. not brains enough to . make' common roads? If St. <*n d|>it for, $300 pte nule, letMB^MdW\ *, i jtfeantimft ,tjie stream is 'singing merrily, ghe is veiylike a yomig lady, 43h& comes BMwterfag in to fcer final ^destiny, $uiet, bat ratheraTniBorbed, but b|ghef np ahe makes no end 4>f mischief . Lifee / the aforesaidypung Js4y, likeirise,*he has her set full of fish, small iBsh, ten-peniiide^; b|t' gentUapen; bntgentles.And guidedby our rcyfUfenMift fciend;M»r diinb we got ,trepni Ptohed datatof «enu'Cjystallirtd water, j cover iflie' 