A GERMAN STQ11Y - ' Not fur from. this ravine' stands a castlci'hnU in ruins, and tenanted by a strange family. An old Italian grandmother, n fathor, who is away on shooting excursions, and. a daughter, aro in cliargo of "the "rUiu, and live there in entire seclusion. Same mystery attaohes to them. There is something stratigo about;- the daughter. Tlioro is something strange iu, the way tho father loaves -hcr-nlunc, and tha watch ho keeps on her whon they nro together; A young.count, who hits been jilted, and is tar tho timo siok of tho world, is a little taken by tlie girl, thinks of retiring to n castle as a hermitage, and wants to buy tho ruitt. The father tries to dissuade him from tho purchase, And the count's companion, a misanthropic colonel, sneers at the raw cynicism of the jilted young man, and at the fanoies in which he ' looks for eousolation. We are introduced to these two men as they walk up the.bed of the Naif, The colonel points with a ohuckle to a hbrse-leech preying on a snail, as as a proof that 'I nature is one witli rapine but he is horrified at the sight of aome ants on his com panion's coat. Wo have to read some way before we find tho meaning of his horror, and the cause of this misanthropy. Itcorrios out at length strangely. The oount has found all his attempts at interesting himself in the girl of tho ruined .costlo frustrated. Weber, hor father, resents them all, guards his daughter carefully, keeps a close watch on tho count,; One night the count audhis companions are in a wine-house, wheu somo young mon at another table begin talking loudly, as young Ttfen""will_talk. Theliefo—oftho party is a handsome lion of Merau, who has succeeded to the count's place in the affections of ltis faith less charmer. But the young man is now boasting of another eonquest, and talks myste- -riouslyof tlieruiaed'eostle; Tke""count"spfii)gs up and calls, him to account. The young man promises him a meeting, 'which 13 destined not to be kept. While the count is wondering at the mystery of the Weber family, a man in tha corner of the . wine-house, who has over heard tho quarrol, volun cjrs to speak. At bis first word the colonel turns palo and leaves the room, but tho connt remains to listen. His informant is landrieher in Meran, and knows the whole history of tho Webers. They were'allowed' to "change their" name"'oii_accnjn t" of a calamity that had happened to one of the family. Weber was forester in the Vai Suganna. His elder daughter Anna was attached to a young man much below her iu station, an underling of hor father's. At the conecription this young Ulan was token. Ha had promised to-return that night to the block-hut, where iio had held secret interviews with Anna ; but no sooner were the recruits enrolled than an order w.-ib issued forbidding them to leave tho barracks that night on pain of death. In spito 'of-tho-order, the youth slipped out and got to the rendezvous ; but in earning back ho fell' down a precipice, and was found there with bis leg broken by the-patrole-who went nut to look for him. Had he confessed the causo of his expedition he might have been pardoned ,' but he was silent, for he had promised secrecy — and he was shot. An hour after, a tall hand some girl came to the room of tlie yo.ung.ofiieer- who had command of the corps of recruits, and who had just presided at the execution of the sentence. She came to beg her lovor's pardon, not knowing that it was ai ready too late. Tlie young officer's servant grew ourious when the girl remained a long timo-closcted"wilh"hir master. Ho listened through the keyhole and heard nothiDg. At last ho made somq .excuse, to open the door. The girl was on her knees before the officer. He had a strange expres sion on bis face, had taken off his neckcloth as if ho Were choking, and was walking with great strides up and -down the-room; — He thrust his servant rudely out, and lacked the door upon him. In another half hour the girl came out, imagining sho had her lover's pardon. ' Tho servant, to whom she spoke .about Jtj_told_her_at_once_thnt_hor_lovcr_had. becu shot more than an hour ago. For a mo ment her eyes seemed to shoot living fire, but tho next momentsho burst out ina-loud_penl of laughter. But a day after the young officer was not to be found. He was tracked to the block-hut, where. Anna and her -Iover-tised_to meet, and there his uniform was found rolled in a corner. We will leave Paul Ileyse to tell the upshot of tho search: "T:;will bo brief. There is a chasm in the mountain a little higher.- - I do not know what led me to the thought' that he must have fallen down it. But the reality was stjll worse. Just at this moment the moon came out, and we could dis tinguish -every tree a rifle-shot around us. ' Whut's that white thing hanging there?' cried tlie boy suddenly, and stood as if ho was turned to stone; for ho was afraid of ghosts. I cost a sharp glance through the tree-stems, and could not utter aword, so terrible was the sight. A fir tree, stripped'of all its bark at the foot, rose by the chaBm, and flung out two solitaiy boughs at about a man's height from tho ground;' From one of these hung tho wretched youth, in hits shirt and trousers ; bia arms tied tightly behind his hack, Ids feet also tied tightly together, and suspended by a treble noose to the branch, while his head just touched the ground, not far from the verge of the abyss, with its floating hair. But there, between the roots ot tne nr, some ants bad built their heap, and though this was half destroyed by foot: tops, we saw witha- shudder tho creatures swarming about tho dead man's head — ." But here the description breaks off abruptly, and no ono could wished it pursued. What with her lover's death, and tho cruelty practised on her self, Anna had gone mad. She wag found at homo laughing and singing - hysterically, muttering every now and . tlton, in low and haunting tones : - " The ants ! the- nntsl don't scare them off. thev aro only duinc their dutv I" — " German Novelists," in the North Jiritish Review, Ice-Houses in America. — The ice-house of Lyman R. Lyon, at Lyon's- Falls, Now York, bus not been empty for twenty years, nor has a pound of ice been put into it/ The building is constructed after the ordinary method, and when it is designed to fill it, a roso jet is placed upon the water pipe and as tho water comes through iB chilled and drops into the ice-house, where it forms in one solid mess American- Paper. ' " What's the matter, Ctesar ? ; "Dot nigger dat lib down Gat Alley hit me on de mnutwid his fi.-t. "Well, didn t you strike him back, Cnuor?" . ,rNo,-- raassa, hut 1" tiikc" liim head f - 