WANGARATTA POLICE COURT. Friday, 25th May. (Before R. W. Shadforth, Esq., P.M., and the Mayor.) William Pritchard, was charged with being an idle and disorderly person, and having no ostensible means of support. Remanded for three days. James Carmichael was charged with being drunk and disorderly. Fined 10s, in default 24 hours imprisonment. James Dixon v John Tutty.—Claim for £20, for goods sold and delivered. Mr Savage for plaintiff; Mr Norton for defendant. Mr Norton said that the order of the magistrate should have been complied with in a previous case, before bringing their case into court again. Adjourned till two o'clock for the pro duction of Mr Dixon's ledger. J. M. Snelling v Thos. Larkings.— Claim 13s 6d for goods sold and deli vered. No appearance of defendant. Verdict for amount, with seven shillings costs. H. Cavanagh v W. Thomas.—Claim £2 6s 7d, for goods sold and delivered. Verdict for amount, with seven shillings costs. T. Sales v David Jackson.—Claim £4 14s 6d, for work and labor done. Ver dict for amount, with seven shillings costs. T. Sales v D. Isset.—Claim 10s, for work done. Mr Savage for defendant. Case dismissed with costs 21s. Painter v Campion.—Claim £10 8s, for board and lodging. Mr Norton for plaintiff. Verdict for amount with costs 25s, £2 to be paid weekly. May 26th. {Before E. W. Shadforth, Esq., P.M., and the Mayor.) Agnes Williams, on remand, was charged with horsestealing. Mr Savage appeared for defendant. George Woods sworn: Am a boundary rider on Peechelba run. Was out with Mr Telford some time in April last—the commencement—attending to my duties. Know the Irish Town Creek. Do not remember meeting Mr Connolly. Mr Connolly was with us. Remember what I imagine was a woman riding on a horse on that day. Was at the gate—through the gate about thirty yards—when I saw a party pass through the gate, from the direction of Wangaratta. The party was riding a bay. Cannot say whether the animal outside the Court is the same. The person riding was on a mare, with a foal behind. Paid no particular attention at the time. Cannot remember whether my attention was drawn to the party passing through the gate. Cannot say whether the party riding was a man or a woman. The person riding had on female attire. Was no nearer the person riding than twenty yards. Do not know, who the party was. Cannot say whether the prisoner is the party who was riding. There was a boy with Mr Connolly, but I cannot say whether he was behind or before us. On second recollection, I think he was with us. Do not know the mare that Forrest says he is the owner of. I know Forrest. By Mr Savage: Was in company with Mr Connolly, Mr Telford, and another. Saw a person on horseback, but I was twenty yards from him or her. "Will not undertake to say that the prisoner is the party who was riding. To the best of my knowledge, the mare outside the Court is not the animal the person was riding. Henry Hoisted sworn : Am in the employ of Mr Connolly, as a groom. Remember, in the commencement of last April, being in company with Mr Telford and others, in the neighbourhood of Irish Town Creek. Remember seeing a woman ride through the gate. There is only one gate through the fence at the Irish Town Creek. The party was riding a bay mare, the property of Jos. Forrest. It was a middle aged woman who was riding the mare. The prisoner is not the woman. The police, at this stage, declined prosecuting further. Mr Savage said the Bench should give a verdict against the Crown, with twenty guineas costs, for putting the poor girl to such trouble and inconvenience. The Bench acquitted the girl, stating that there was not the slighest imputa tion on her character. Curious Case of Forgery.— It appears that Detectives Hudson and Foster were informed that a forged £1 note had been received by a collector of water rates, from a man named Chauncey Presley, who had been employed as door keeper at the Alhambra Casino, and in connection with Mr Coppin's skating rink. The officers at once ar rested Presley, and charged him with having uttered the forged note. He. stated that he had obtained it from a photographer named Joseph Henry Soden, a youth employed at Mr Simon's photographic rooms, Swanston-street. The detectives then proceeded to Soden's residence, and there found a genuine £1 note of the Bank of Victoria, being the prototype of the one passed to the col lector of water rates. Yesterday morn ing the officers went to Mr Simon's photographic establishment, and there found four negatives of £1 notes of the following banks :—The London Char tered, the National Bank of Australasia, the Bank of Victoria and the branch bank at Beechworth of the National Bank of Australasia. Subsequently the same officers arrested Soden's brother on a charge of having robbed Mr Davies. photographer, Bourke-street.— [The two prisoners were brought up at the City Police Court on Friday last, and remanded till Tuesday (this day.) to enable the Police to complete the evidence against the accused.].—'The Age.' A very Valuable Pair of Boots. —"A pair of boots, worth £1200 sterling, must be as valuable, one would think, as the fabulous seven league boots; but we hear that a pair of such value was given away Ballarat not long ago. When Sir William Don shares were being given away by holders who feared to hold what then was worthless, and yet entailed liability, the story goes that a poor shareholder gave twelve shares for a pair of boots. The man who gave the boots for the twelve shares—so goes the story further — realised, when the shares ran up to £100 each, and is gone home with his little fortune."—■ Star.' The 42nd Section.—In the Govern ment ' Gazette' of Friday last intending applicants under the above clause are warned that they will not be permitted to hold licenses for occupation of portions of land in different localities. Railway Charges to the Murray. •—On Friday week a deputation, con sisting of R. P. Turnbull, Esq., M.L.C., Messrs G. V. Smith, Kerferd, Halfey, Burrowes, O'Farrell, and Orr, M.L.A.'s, accompanied by Messrs F. Payne (Mayor of Echuca), Smith (of Smith and Harris), Smith and Banks, Caughey, Dalzell, John Foord (Wahgunyah), and Mr Charles Howden, waited upon Mr Francis, Commissioner of Railways, for the purpose of inducing that gentleman to consider the advisability of reducing the railway freight upon goods to Echuca intended for transmission by steamer to the Upper River. It will be remembered that this trade was last year sought to be fostered by a bonus being paid by the railway department to steamer masters bringing river-borne wool to Echuca for transmission by Victorian Railways, and it was sought to obtain this concession in lieu thereof. It was pointed out to Mr Francis that if the deputation's request were acceded to, the result must be to very materially increase the traffic, as then, when the river permitted navigation, goods would be delivered, in the Ovens district at an uniform rate of £7 per ton. Mr Francis consented to see a committee to be appointed by the deputation, and confer with them further upon the subject. The deputation withdrew, and have subsequently appointed Messrs Orr and Halfey as a committee, and these gentle men will at an early date wait upon- Mr Francis. It is to be hoped that they will succeed in their object, for the present rate of freight from the metro polis has always been regarded as too high, and has operated prejudicially to the development of the river communi cation with the Upper River.—'Riverine Herald.' Robbery.—An arrest was made last week on the Lower Darling, of two men, named respectively John Belt and Thomas Russel, on the charge of steal ing a gold chain and some wearing apparel from a hut on the Montara Run. Darling River. The "Pastoral Times" reports that the capture was effected by Constable Kerridge, assisted by black tracker Bobby, who ran down the pri soner's trail in thirty miles, in the course of which the river was crossed. The stolen property was found in the pri soners' possession and at the time of arrest they were both armed. Though the prisoners were specially arrested for the above offence, they were wanted by the police for stealing from a hut on Mildura Run, Murray River, Victoria, one gun, powder, bullets, caps, and other articles, and it was after Constable Kerridge and Bobby had ridden 120 miles from Wentworth up the Darling, that they heard of the Morara hut being robbed, which they at once concluded was the work of the men for whom they were in search; the surmise was substantiated by the stolen property from Victoria being found in their possession. They were taken to Went worth, where they were committed for trial at Deniliquin. The number of bullets and ammunition found on the men, and their going up the Darling, boded no good to the peace of that remote district; and it was fortunate the arrest was made before more serious crimes were committed. Love Adventures of a Nobleman. —A most laughable scene recently oc curred at Dewsbury station, on the Lon don and North-Western Railway. For some time past Alexandre De St Alban, who styled himself a count, has been carrying on business in the town as a merchant, but has been residing at Leeds. About two months ago he became ena moured of a young woman of some per sonal attractions, who is engaged at the firstclass refreshment rooms at the station. The count's overtures were at first re ceived coldly, but as the merchant con tinued his importunities, and was constant in his visits to the refreshment rooms, the young woman was induced to look more favorably upon him, but at the same time did not encourage his visits. Having commuiiicaied with her friends, it was found on enquiry that the count was a married man, and it was resolved that if the fellow continued his visits any longer his deceptive and faithless conduct should be exposed, and he him self should be punished. Learning a few days ago that the girl was about leaving her situation, the faithless nobleman called at the refreshment rooms, and asked his love to go with him to Leeds, where he promised to find her a com fortable home. Believing that he had obtained the fair one's sanction to the arrangement, the foreigner determined to carry her off on Wednesday se'nnight last. Accordingly he went to the station, but as the lady did not make her ap pearance the count contented himself with waiting in the first-class room of the station. Two trains for Leeds arrived at and departed from the station, but the count refused to proceed. In doubt as to the sincerity of the girl, he visited every department of the station in search of her, and made many anxious inquiries as to her whereabouts. He was assailed with jeers by those who were in the secret, and was ulti mately compelled to seek refuge from his tormentors in the ladies' waiting room, resolving to proceed to Leeds by the next train. It ought to be stated that the count arranged with his fair one that in order to allay all suspicions she should take a second clas3 ticket to the first station, then she should change carriages and join him in a first- class compartment—for as became the dignity of a nobleman he always travelled first class. A few minutes before the arrival of the 7.57 p.m. north train, the station bell was sounded as a ruse, and the count issued from his hiding place, but no sooner had he reached the plat-form than a bowl full of flour was thrown upon him by the girl he had deceived. Before he had time to recover himself this was supplemented by a pail full of water and flour—a compound which gave the count a truly novel appearance. A good deal of excitement prevailed, bat the count mauaged to reach the train and thus escaped further annoyance.— •' Sheffield Telegraph.' The Mining Statute.—The ' Gazette' intimates that the Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in relation to mining interests has been left to its operation. The Mining Board Residence Clause.—During a recent visit to Melbourne the chairman of the Mary borough mining board brought under Mr Sullivan's notice that clause in the Mining Statute which requires candi dates for the mining boards to reside in the division for which they seek to be elected, pointing out to him that this condition was too restrictive, and sug gesting that it should be avoided by the% insertion of the word "district" instead* of " division." Mr Sullivan replied that he could not find out how the word division got iuto the statute, as he never intended that it should be found there; but the statute had been so bandied about from the Assembly to the Council i that several provisions crept in which had no right to be inserted. He in tended next session to introduce a short bill to alter that and other errors which had found their way into the Govern ment measure.—'Age.' An American paper states that George Francis Train is studying military science, in order to have a subordinate command in the Fenian army, which is shortly " to invade Ireland," and that he is preparing his address to his troops,''which will be modelled after the famous ones of Napoleon I." Effects of the Drought in New South Wales.—In reference to this subject, the Wandering Reporter of the 'Sydney Morning Herald,' writing from Barraba, dated 18th May, says :—" The country is in so miserable a state that I have been three days getting thus far. Since leaving the Rocky River, my un fortunate horse has not had a bit to eat beyond the few mouthfuls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the stations and stopping-places every thing is perfectly bare, and no hay or corn to be had: so that to keep life in my poor aiiimal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any place on the ranges where there was any—not feed, for that there is not—but the slightest suspicion of there being the ghost of a blade of dried up grass. This is the first place I have reached where hay is obtainable, and I am stopping to-day to get my horse a tucker, as I am told there are the same prospects of starva tion for him at Bingera. The whole country is an immense waste ; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone through a very severe winter. Should any bad weather set in you will hear of deaths by thousands. 1 am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this—the Liverpool Plains—and in the New England districts. All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vegetable matter it holds in solution from the chickweed that covers it. Children, and even grown people, are suffering from dysentery, owing to the use of the water." The Victorian Ministry.—There are three blanks in the Cabinet already \- the Post Office, Public Works, and Railways and Roads. Next week there will be a fourth, leaving a bare majority of the Ministers to carry on the business of the country. If there is any truth in the rumour of Mr Michie's early elevation to the Bench, the majority will be reduced to a minority, unless some immediate additions are made to the body which shews such rapid symptoms of decline.—' Geelong Adver tiser.' Asbestos.—The following communi cation, in the form of a letter to the 'Orange Guardian,' from William Tom, jun., appeared in that journal the other day. The writer says :—" Some twenty two years ago I recognised the asbestos or amicanthus rock in this district, and . since then I have from time to time j exposed portions of the stone to atmos pheric influence, and the result has always been a perfect change of the stone into asbestos, or into a substance closely resembling the finest staple of wool, only something stronger, and, if possible, whiter in appearance. I have sometimes obtained it sis inches in length, have combed it out, and found it as soft and pliant as any silk. This substance, as no doubt you are aware, is inconsumable by fire, as its name indi-! cates, and was used in ancient times by nobles and others of great wealth (being too costly for the poor) as a material of clothing, and for various other purposes. Mr Phillips of your town is, I believe, a person acquainted with the manufacture of this substance.' The stone may be brought into the state of asbestos in a very short time, and thereby intimates that the stone itself if of great pro spective value. I have been employed sinking a well of late, and some days I got as much of this mineral as would make a suit of clothes. I can show the stone here in all its stages, from stone itself to the asbestos state. Should asbestos ever come into general use, it will, in some measure no doubt, from its incombustible nature, supersede the evils of crinoline. Besides this great advan tage, it will also set aside the vexations expense and use of soap and water— for all a lady will have to do when she unrobes herself will be to pitch her articles of apparel into a glowing fire, and when they have become as white as a snowilake she may resume them at her pleasure. Perhaps you may deem some parts of the foregoing rather extra vagant ; but,- nevertheless, I really believe that, by proper applicances, the amicanthus may yet become a source of revenue, and 1 therefore recommend the thing to your attention. 