MONDAY, AUGUST 20, 1866. Should our representative system give us the sum of the wills of the whole community (women and minors ex cepted), or should it collect and express the sentiment and wishes of those who are qualified to form an intelligent opinion upon political questions, and to take enlightened and comprehensive views of what constitutes the real and permanent interests of the country, as well as of the measures by which they may be most readily and effectually pro- -moted and secured? Should we count noses and poll heads only, or should we proportion political power to the ability and worth of the citizens who exercise it, making the franchise a matter of degree, dependent on the qualifications of its possessors ; excluding none, but carefully appraising the relative value of each ? These are questions so far out- side the domain of party politics that they may be considered without passion and without prejudice, and studied only in the interests of good government. Indeed, all party combinations are of such a transitory nature in this colony, constantly undergoing decomposition, fol- lowed by reconstruction with fresh mate- rials, and on a different basis, while the political topics of the hour are usually of such an ephemeral character, that we may regard party politics, in the English sense of the word, as non-existent. Our contests in the Legislature turn upon persons rather than on principles, and men who havo been fighting shoulder to shoulder as members of the same Ministry one year, very often find them- selves confronted as opponents in the Assembly in the next. And since the personal element is so prominent and so potent in political affairs, it. is all the more important that the men who aspire to make our laws and shape our policy should comprehend the highest talent and most eminent worth available for that pur- pose. How is this to be accomplished ? By the general poll, or by giving special effect to the judgment of the thoughtful and the sagacity of the discriminating ? Let us ascend to first principles, and in- vestigate the foundations of civilised society, in order to assist our inquiries in this respect. Let us suppose a shipload of emigrants, composed of various classes, and including men of various attainments and different ca- pacities, landing on an island previously uninhabited and forming an impromptu commonwealth. Granting to each adult male a voice in the election of those who should rule over them, frame their laws, and found their institutions, is it to be believed that they would make the suffrage equal as well as universal? Probably those members of this infant society who were most entitled to respect on account of their age, experi- ence, mental endowments, and moral qualities, would be in a small minority ; but are we to conclude that, in deliber- ating on the welfare of the future settle- ment, in deciding on its form of govern- ment, in devising the regulations for the management of its public business, and in defining the amount which each person should contribute to the fund out of which the expenses of the Government were to be defrayed, that minority would be overborne, outvoted, and treat«' ¿ as a nullity by the large majo^j jj 1 Or, on the contrary, would not f°tfse who composed the latter subm^¿rheir uninstructed wills, their inextjjjgence, and their incapacity, to the / ijidance of the capable, the expe rienu&r;, and the educated? A clear perception of their own interests, no less than an instinctive recognition of the value and importance of these intellec- tual forces in all the transactions of life, would impel tbe majority to do so ; and where a conflict of opinion might arise, it is reasonable to conclude that, instead of precipitately settling the question in dispute by a show of hands, the senti- ments of tho well-informed minority would be consulted, and would carry with them all tho weight due to solid arguments, accurate knowledge, and practical experience. How, what a small community, with all its members gathered together in one spot, and all ita interests comprehensible by a single survey, would do naturally, and, as it wero, selfishly, a larger com- munity, having reached a higher stage of social and political development, might advantageously perform, with a proper regard to equity, justice, and the com .mon weal. It is no less essential to its welfare than to that of the infant settlement spoken of above, that the intellect of the few should con- trol, beneficially direct, and prudently 'restrain the will of the many; that learning, experience, and character should count for much in public men and public affairs ; and that in that synthesis of political forces which we call government, there should be an equitable adjustment, both of quantity and quality. To forbid this, is not merely unjust per se, and injurious to the best inteiests of the common- wealth, but is also prejudicial to the prospects of every man, no matter in what station of life, who aspires to rise. Modern civilisation in- volves social inequalities, and is ad- vanced by them. Industry, frugality, and temperance, find their rewards in the acquisition of a competence or a fortune, and in the attainment of learned ease or elegant enjoyment, Eut if you put the man who has thus risen on the same footing as the dissolute loafer, or 'the -vagabond who subsists on petty larceny; and if you say to the good ..citizen whose whole life has been ex .emplary and eminently useful, " Your " vote shall be no more than equivalent " to that of the fellow who robbed ?" your hen-roost last night, or whose " wife and family you assist to support ?Ci because he is too indolent or too much " addicted to intoxication to do so him " self," you do the reputable elector a flagrant injustice. You weaken his attachment to the country in which he lives and you impair his respect for the institutions it possesses, since he .cannot fail to perceive something which threatens the stability of the latter, and which menaces the security of property, in a system which vests the greatest ;power in the hands of the greatest num- ber, and establishes a political equality at variance with the laws of nature, with the instincts and interests of mankind, and with the constitution of society itself. There need be, we repeat, no exclusion in regard to the franchise, except on the grounds of crime, insanity, habitual drunkenness, mendicancy, or imbecility, but there ought to be some proportion between the measure of power and the measure of capacity ; and there ought to be, beyond all question, provision for the adequate representa- tion of the minority. The enthusiasm displayed by the Italians in preparing for the present war, their unanimity not only on this 'but on every important occasion since "the formation of the new kingdom, afford a strong guarantee of that kingdom's .permanence. Whatever may occur in the shock and entanglement of coming . events in Europe, Italy will probably be united and will complete her unifica- tion. There was once doubt on the point, and predictions were not wanting that a cluster of states, sundered for a dozen centuries, could not be really con . Joined within a brief period, and would not live together. But the fine in- telligence and high spirit of the nation have so far refuted those auguries. The local interests and local jealousies and prejudices engendered by the division -of the peninsula for ages into distinct royalties and dukedoms, by the separa- tion of its various districts under sopa trate governments, have not availed to binder union. In the country of all -others where local dissimilarities are "greatest, the national feeling has pre- dominated over the local, and the work of union baa encountered no intornal obstacles. The spectacle is a most . honourable one, and to do full justice to the Italians it is necessary to recollect the peculiar difficulties their patriotism has had to contend with. Though Jtaly is a nation well defined, both eth *nologicaUy and geographically, she never till now had an independent political unity since the consuls or emperors .of Eome carried her arms over the . world, and she never had a unity in any s^orm since the days of CHARLEMAGNE. .For more than twelve hundred years she has figured on the map as a broken mass of states, part ruled by local princes, part always by some foreign power. And there was no confedera- tion of those divided provinces, as in the case of Germany-no national alli- ance, no bond of Italian brotherhood. As a consequence, nationality might Lave been expected to disappear alto- gether, or, rather, half-a-dozen petty nations to have arisen in lieu of one. All the dissimilarities which difference of climate and the engrafting of various foreign elements of race produced in the different provinces, wero necessarily aggravated and fostered by such a state of things lasting for ages. The quiet and laborious Lombard,) the careless and joy- ous Neapolitan, the austere Piedmontese, the suave and tasteful Tuscan, the .thrifty and adventurous Genoese, are found by travellers to be populations as .unlike as if hundreds of leagues parted them. Again, no country in proportion to the number of its inhabitants, has more important towns, and towns, too, which were once capitals and seats of governments, or were lately so. And one of the obstacles apprehended in breaking up the petty states and uniting them together lay in the possible tin willingness of so many cities to dispense with a metropolitan dignity, to lose the patronage of a resident prince and the expenditure of a court. Indeed, it was for this very reason that, in 1848, Florence soon seceded from the Roman republic of MAZZINI, while Leghorn and the other Tuscan towns which had not the metropolitan status to look back upon, remained faithful. But no such impediments have been ex- perienced in founding the new king- dom, and as for the rural popula- tions, they have coalesced as spon- taneously from the Alps to Calabria. The existence of some bodies of brigands in the mountains of Abruzzo, sustained by the efforts of the fugi- tive Neapolitan monarch, makes no exception to what we say. The feeling of the inhabitants of those southern pro- vinces was sufficiently shown by the fact that GARIBALDI, with his handful of hastily collected volunteers, was able to traverse the country, disperse the army of King PRANCIS, and change the Go- vernment. If GARIBALDI had been unwelcome, he would have been sur- rounded and overpowered. We cannot doubt it, when we remember how those same people opposed the French in- vasion in the old BONAPARTE wars. Then the lazzaroni fought the French for three days in the streets of Naples, and the popular resistance in Calabria was not put down without a war of extermination. At the present moment the 30,000 volunteers assembled to assist in the liberation of Venetia are composed of the youth of the south as well as of the north and centre of the Penin- sula ; and accounts by the last mail mention that sons of the officials of the late Neapolitan King and of the nobles of his court are in the Garibaldian ranks. When we consider all the provincial contrasts, animosities, jealousies, and petty interests which lay in the way of this national union and organisation, we cannot admire too much the intelli- gence and élévation of sentiment which have overcome those obstructions and set them at naught. A people so gifted, a nation so worthy, cannot fail to have a grand future, Mistress of the world in arms in ancient times, in arts in medioval times, Italy will have a bril- liant career again. And that rare good sense of the Italian public, which is the best assurance of the safety and success of their union, has been exhibited in nothing more than in their relations with their leaders. How loyally they stood by CAVOUH, Even when they could not for the moment comprehend his policy, they divined his sagacity as well as faithfulness. CAVOTJR was the head of the national movement, and GARI BAiDiwas the hand,and thoy perceivedit. When GARIBALDI took his place in the National Parliament after delivering Sicily and Naples, the, House rose en masse with a passionate outburst of joy and en- thusiasm, which drew tears from the old warrior's eyes ; but the same evening, when ho opposed the action of CAVOTJR, whose policy seemed tortuous and strange to his simple soldierly apprehen- sion, the House saw that the soldier was not a match for the Minister in that task, and they voted to a man with the latter. Again, look at the steady good sense with which the Italian Par- liament now turns a deaf ear to MAZZINI. It will not even let him fill a seat in the Assembly. Not that the services which he rendered in darker days in lighting the flame of Italian liberty, have been forgotten, but because MAZZINI appears to have lost his balance, and it is seen that his policy and even his presence would divide them, and ruin the national cause. Surely a nation which thus proves itself to be as dis- criminating, moderate, and wise as it is valiant and enthusiastic, is in littlo danger of shipwreck. We undera! and that Hia Excellency the Governor bas accepted an invitation from the Mayor of Melbourne to a grand ball, to be given on the 20th of September. Oar readers will, we doubt not, be pleased to learn that til o introduction of the brown trout to Victorian waters bas been success- fully accomplished. On. Saturday morning two boxes, estimated to contain about 1,800 ova, arrived by the Southern Cross, having been brought from Tasmania by1 Mr. Lang will. These boxes wore on Saturday taken np to Sunbury by Mr. Sprigg, the secretary to the Acclimatisation Society, and Mr. LoDgwlll, and the ova were carefully re- moved and deposited in the boxea prepared for them In Riddell'a Creek by Mr. W. J. Clarke. Dr. Black had on the previous day visited the creek, and seen that everything was ready for the roception of the ova. When the boxes were opened it was found that about two-thirds of tho ova wore alive, and it is anticipated that, if the delicate operation of impregnating tbe ova has been properly per- formed, there will bo some 600 or 700 fry batched within a few weeks. At the meeting of the City Oouncil to be held this afternoon the Public Works Com- mittee will recommend the council to consent to the application m ado by Edward Hook, for permission to Bweep the street-crossing). A report of the Health Committee will recom- mend that the manare depot be closed on the let October next, and that tho offensive matter then remaining be removed or buried. By a notice of motion made by Aldorman. Wraggo, the council will be invited to instruct tho Health Committee to consider and report as to the advisability of providing some fire esoapes. On Saturday, at the Criminal Sessions, Cole and Oreen wood, the delinquents in the " eticking-np" case near the Botanic-gardons, were sentenced-the former to six yeats' and the latter to four years' hard labour on public wotks. George Green, for abducting a girl named Margaret Cronin, and for an inde- cent assault, was ordered to be imprisoned for fifteen months, Thomas Creely, for frau- dulently utteiing a foiged cheque, was sen- tenced to thirty months' imprisonment in Geelong gaol; and Stephen Steinaoker, for both forging and uttering a cheque, was con- demned to be kept in prison eighteen months. Michael Shea, convicted of a barbarous assault upon a fellow-workman, named Philip Connolly, at Pike's flat, by striking bim on tbo nead with a spade, was ordered to bo imprisoned, with hard labour, for six months, I at the end of that time to find surety for bis future good behaviour. John Grierson Broadfoot, schoolmaster, waB found "Gatlty " of forging an acceptance to a bill of oxchange for ¿855, and sent to ptiaon for throo years. Ja;. Adame, for embezzling certain auuiB of money belonging to MesBrs. Sloman, fur- niture dealers, Queen-street, bis employers, was sentenced to imprisonment for six months. In the absence of a material witness, disqualifying the Crown to proceed, Francis Clarke, Mar; Rangle, and Mary Donnegan, three prisoners for trial, "were ! ordered to be discharged. The business of tbe session concluded at tbree o'clock. Tho Palm Tree case was finished on Satur- day. The doctor of the ship was fined £2, with £3 costs, and ordered to undergo ten days' im- prisonment in Melbourne gaol; tho third officer was fined the same amount, with £3 costs, and sentenced to seven days' imprison- ment ; and the first and second officers were i fined £2 each, ordered to pay 40a. co3ts, and to go to gaol for one hour. The magistrates found that the defendants had been guilty of familiarity, but not of im- morality, with some of the passengers, and tbo decision of the Bench, tborefore, leaves no etaln of criminality on any of the young women concerned in the case. The Supreme Court will be moved for a writ of prohibition to Bet aside this judgment, on the ground that the officers of a ship cannot be punished under tho rules framed for the pur- pose of being carried out by them ; and the defendants are held to ball until Friday next. A very praiseworthy effort has, we are in- formed, been made by the ladies of Fleming ' ton In the establishment of a Dorcas Asso- ciation, for the assistance and relief of the poor women of the district. Mrs. Gibson has consented to act as treasurer, and Mrs. B. Leake as secretary, of the association. We have received the first number of a new serial tale, published by Mr. F. F. Bailliere, entitled I he Beresfords of Ellalong, The story is fairly written, and promises to bo interesting ; but the author has fallon into the fatal error of oacumbering almost every page with a commonplace reflection, which Badly mara the effect of his work; If he was to Btlck to his narrative and carefully strike out every didactic passage, he would give his serial a far better chance of success. The Rev. Robert Potter, B. A., of St. Mary's, Hotham, bas just published Tino Sssays upon the Conting of Christ, intended to controvert prevailing errors. Mr. Candler bold an inquest on Saturday, at Yarra Bend, upon the body of a deceased patient named William Brookman, aged forty-five year?, who was admitted in Fe- bruary last. His death was found to be the coneequenco of disease of the brain. A robbery was committed on Friday night, at the shop of H. J. Taylor, draper, 181 Clarendon-street, Emerald-hill, which was entered by a back window, and cloth to the value of £30 was stolen from the premises. The detective police have fortunately suc- ceeded in recovering the proporty which waa Btolen about tbree weeks ago from the shop of Mr. Jones, jeweller and watchmaker, Flinders-street weBt. On Saturday last a man named George Reynolds took a watch to dispose of at the pawn-shop of Mr. Isaacs, Elizabeth- street, but the pawnbroker recognis- ing it as one described in the police list in connexion with tho robbery at Mr. Jones's place, sent for a constable, and gave Reynolds into custody. It may bo remarked that for some time the police had kept an eye over the movements of this man, suspecting that he knew something of this robbery. From what transpired after his arrest, a visit was paid by Superintendent Nicolson and two detectives to a place ia Carlton, near the Cemetery, where they suc- ceeded in finding the proporty which had been stolen at the time referred to. The .value of the gooda lost by Mr. Jones was esti- mated to amount to about £600, By the Coorong we have Adelaide papers to the ICth inst. Notwithstanding the outcry about want of employment there, men were required for certain public works and were difficult to obtain at 7s. a day, A good contest took place on Saturday, ou the M. C. 0. ground, between the football clubs of Melbourne and Carlton. For an hour and a half the battle waa waged with great vigour on both Bides, but it became gradually apparent that the Carlton players were overmatched, and eventually a goal was kicked for Melbourne by H. Conway. The game was resumed without much loss of time, and a littlemore than five minutes after the renewal of the contest another goal was kicked for Melbourne by G. Kennedy. The metropolitans, therefore, won the match. Each side numbered twenty playera, the cap- tains being-Harrison, for Melbourne, and Hillsden, for Carlton. While the metropo- litan club certainly brought the strongest team into tho field, there can be no doubt that the Carlton players would have had a much better chance :of winning had thoy obeyed the instructions of their captain with a little moro promptitude. The nautical drama of "Black-eyed Susan" waB produced at the PrlnceBB's Theatre on Saturday night, with Miss Louise Arnot ia the part of William. The masculine voice of Miss Arnot suited the part tolerably well, bnt she appeared a somewhat diminutive tar by the side of her gallant mates. At the same time ehe acted with spirit, danced with grace, and manifestly pleased the audience. MisB Emily Wiseman was a very good Black-eyed Susan. As Jacob Twig Mr. J. L. Hall had some opportunity of displaying his humour; but if this gentleman is to maintain his posi- tion as an actor, we would advise him not to Indulge in merely grotesque exhibitions for the gratification of a few boys in the pit. After tbo drama, Professor Stevens and his sons cave their gymnastio entertainment ; and the performance concluded with the popular burlesque of " Ill-treated Trovatore." The opening performance of Foley'* Cali- fornian Circus took place at the Haymarket Theatre, on Saturday evening. Tho pro- gramme waa a long and varied one, and the different performances wera very well given. Thero were Borne brilliant foats of horseman ehip exhibited by Signor Raphael, Mr, J, Moffitt, and Madame Tournaire, some capital tumbling by Mr. Palmer and his diminutive pupil,trapeze performances by the "Italian Brothers," and somo extraordinary tight- rope dancing by Herr Christof!. Then Mons. Bird, " the Indiarnbber man," went through a series of agile feats on a swinging cord ; and a large ape, whimsically deolarod in tho advertisement to bs " tbe nearest ap- proach to the human being ever Been in those colonies," was put through some equestrian performances upon a steed of size propor- tioned to its own. Tho theatre was well filled, and the entertainment seemed to afford a lively evening's amusement to the spec- tators. A banquet in honour of Messrs. King, Rid- dell, and Smith, tho representatives of WeBt Bourke in the Legislative Assembly, and to which several members of the Ministry were invited, came off at Bacchus Marsh on Friday night. The following members of the Ministry were present :-Mr. M'Callocb, Mr. Higinbotham, Mr. Grant, and Mr. Blndon. In response to an invitation given by the president of the Ballarat Industrial Exhibi- tion, His Excellency the Governor has inti- mated his intention of visiting Ballarat on the occasion of the opening on Monday, 27tb I August. Preparations are already began (the Star remarks) for giving His Excellency a fitting reception, to enhance which it is suggested that the borough councils proclaim a general holiday. The following ia from the Kyneton Obtener : -" One of thoBe minor tragedies of domestic life, which are none the less touching because the chief actors in them do not obtrude their sorrows on the public, came to our knowledge on Friday. A poor woman living on the Cobaw-road brought her little child into Kyneton to obtain medical advice respecting it. She called at Messrs. Dufty and Carolia's, photographers, to know what the charge would be for a photograph of herself and the child. She was told, and went away. In a few hours sho returned with the child in her arms, and said, 'I shall not want the picture now ; my child is dead.' The little thing had died during its visit to Kyneton, and the mothar had to retrace her sorrowful steps homeward, bearing with her the body of her dead infant." i. The Riverine Herald soys :-" The Due de Penthlevre, with the Count do Beauvoir, and somo other gentlemen, arrived in Echuca on Thursday afternoon from Mr. Copel's station, where they have been staying for some days on a shooting excursion. They left imme- diately by the afternoon train for Sandhurst and Melbourne." By the s.s. Derwent wo have Launceston papers to the 16th l_Bt. The news is quite unimportant. The Examiner says :-" We un- derstand that Mr. M'Arthur has everything ready for the reception of the trout ova which have been laid aside for this part of the island. Mr, Bamsbottom, however, with commend- able prudence, has determined to keep them 'back until the ova aro more matured and the eye visible, when he purposes coming across with his precious charge. The experiment is one of deep interest, and we shall have much gratification in rocording the entire success of it-of which, however, we have no doubt." Tho Clunes Gazette says :-" As one of the results of the panic and tho failure of tho Masterman's Bank, a little local incident lias come under our notice. Abont eighteen months since a shareholder in ono of the Clunes companies died, leaving an aged father, who was not in vory good circum- stances, his property. The executors, after realising part, sent the old man some £800 through the bank in question which stopped payment two days before the money should have been paid ovor to him." We have Otago papera to the 10th instant, by the s.s. Otago, and advices from the other New Zealand colonies to corresponding dates. The news is not important, with the excep- tion of the account of the attempt to lay the Cook's Straits telegraph wire, which our readers will peiUBO with interest. The following is from the Belfast Gazette :— "One of the most fearful accidents we have had to record for some time past occurred in Framlingham Forest on Monday last. Two lads, named James Whittet and Alexander Scott, aged respectively thirteen and fifteen, went out in the forest kangaroo shooting. Scott had a double-barreled gun, and having fired off one barrel, he got on a log to reload. The log was slippery from the rain, and whilst in the act of loading, the unfortunate boy slipped and fell, taking the gun with him. The loaded barrel exploded, and the charge entered tho boy's side, coming out near the opposite shoulder. The youngest lad, Whittet remained till poor Scott died (only a few minutes), and then he got assistance. An inquest was held on the body, on Wednes- day, by Dr. Harrington, the district coroner, when a verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. The deceased lad was a son of Mr. Peter Scott, a farmer well known in Pur nlm." The Geelong Advertiser says:-"The first consignment of smoked kangaroo hams from Mr. Niffnecker's shooting party was received a few days ago by their agent, Mr. M. Burke, produce merchant, Moorabool-street, who retails the smoked hams at 6d. per lb., and the green at the low price of 8d. per lb. We have tasted one of the smoked, and have found it very palatable, in fact, a nice change from beef and mutton, and mutton and beef. It had been boiled just like an ordinary ham, and retained a slight flavor of the smoking, which added to its relish. The meat was not stringy, as we had been led to believe it would be, and possessed about the same consistency as corned beef; it was, however, rather darker in colour. Mr. Niffnecker, in opening up this new industry, has conferred a benefit on his fellow-colonists, especially on the poorer classes, whom he thus enables to procure a substantial meal at a very small outlay. He recommends that the following system in cooking should be adopted, although we differ with him in one respect, and that is the use of the gridiron in lieu of the fryingpan. Cut the smoked ham into slices, which steep in boiling water for say five minutes, and then fry them. The green hams, he states, are most palatable when boiled." Our attention (says the Ballarat Star) has been drawn to what appears to be a case ol creat hardship to unsuccessful applicants foi mining leases, and of singular mismanage' ment on the part of the Mining department, A correspondent informs ns that he and others have applied until thoy are weary foi the return of their deposits, they being unsac cessful applicants for mining leases, and thej can get no satisfaction whatever. The com plaints are made chiefly by persons who were applicants for leases in the Smythes' dis trict, and the difficulty is supposed te have arisen through the defalcations of c warden's clerk there ; but this will certain!} not excuse the Mining department in thus retaining money deposited with one of ¡ti officers. Perhaps the new head of the Minins department will do an act of justice by taking stepB at onco to arrange this matter? The Ballarat Star says:-"Mr. Sayers, the secretory of the Mine Accident Prevention Association, has juBt received a letter from the secretary of the ' Manchester Association for the Provontion of Steam-boiler Explosions and for the Attainment of Economy in the Use of Steam,' acknowledging the receipt ol an application 'for information respecting the association, with the object of forming t similar association in Ballarat.' The Beere tary of the Manchester Association promise! to comply with the request forthwith, so thal the local association may expect soon to havi an account of the working of one of tho moa' effective associations in the world." The Ballarat Star is glad to note that Mr M. M. Pope, whom somo newspapers quiti killed, and a dangorous accident near!; | deprived of life, is now so far recovered a to be able to walk about town with the ali of staves and frequent rests, Tho Ballarat Star gives the followinj further particulars of the Warrenheip ghost : " The crazy candle ctory which has arisen ii Warrenheip, and been spiced with a con siderahle amount of tho supernatural by th ghost-believing propensities of one or tw residents In that well-known quarter, ha caused some little amusement in the dlstriol and a number of puiBons have visited th house of the Faheys, situated near M'Gi! and Coghlan's brewery, at which the poculia phenomena are said to havo been witnessoi On Thursday the house was inspected by number of persons from various parts of th distiict curious to uuiavel the ridiculoc * tale ; and although the Fahey family ap- peared strong in their belief that candles had been lighted and displaced in the house by some mysterious agency, they seemed singu- larly alone in such an outrageous opinion. One point in this moat ridiculous of ghost stories ia, that the candles were only said to be lighted after the persons bad left the room, the supernatural visitor not being forth- coming when any one waB present to witness its effect, It looked on Thursday, with can- dles strewed about in the house in extra- vagant profusion, and some of them crossed in the most approved fashion, as if a wake had just been celebrated; and perhaps the proximity of the haunted dwelling to tho brewery, and the well-known quality of the beer, may be reasonably taken in support of that view of the case." Mr. Sturt begs to acknowledge the receipt of £110s. from an anonymous contributor, to the relief of the poor. At the weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Benevolent Asylum the superintendent reported the Btate of the house !j-Men, 307 ; women, 113 ; total, 420. There-Tvcre seventeen applications for ad- mission, all of which wero refasod for want of room. At* the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return :-Number of inmates in the home as reported last week, 280; admitted since, 128 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 748, or 193 families ; total re- lieved, 1,156. Discharged from the home during the week, 120. Total at present re- maining, 288. Number Btonebreaking, 31 ; oakum-picking and horsehair- teasing, 42. The Rev. R. Hamilton begs to acknowledge the receipt of £6 for the Melbourne City Mis- sion, from an anonymous contributor. There were 335 prisoners in the Central Gaol on Saturday last, classified as fol- lows :- Awaiting trial-before the Supreme Court, 10males, S females; before magistrates, 14 males, 9 females. Under sentence-to hard labour, 126 males, 20 females. Detained for imprisonment, 63 males,44 females; »3 luna- tics, 3 males, 16 females; in default of bail, 13 males, 6 females ; as debtors, 3 males. Total, 238 males, 97 females. 