INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. KEW SOUTH "WAIiES. Montoiejjt to Captain Cook.—At the invitation of Captain "Watson, a number of gentlemen met last evening, at "Williams's Hotel, King-street.: to make rvrolir arrangements for .the erection, of a memorial to Captain Cook. Amongst those present were the Mayor; Mr Hovell, the explorer, who, in company with Hume, opened the overland route to Victoria, then Port Phillip; Messrs Alexander, Kemp, Driver and Picker ing, M.L.A.'s. Mr Sutton, Mayor o£ Sydney, having been moved to the chair, Mr George Thornton appointed honorary secretary, and the objects of the meeting having been stated at some length, Mr B. Driver, junr., proposed that a re quisition be presented to the Eight Wor shipful the Mayor requesting him to con vene a public meeting for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements to erect a monument to the memory of Captain Cook, The motion was seconded by Alder man Raphael, and carried unanimously, whereupon a requisition in accordance with the resolution was drawn up by the scare, taiy, signed by all present, and presented to the chairman, who expressed his inten tion at once to comply therewith. It was further resolved that Messrs Thornton, Watson,Driver, Alexander, Kenny, Eaphael, and Hanson be appointed a committee to make the arrangements necessary for the proposed public meeting. A vote of thanks was presented to the Mavor for his conduct in tho chair and the. meeting then ter minated.—Sydney Morning Herald, May IS. State of the Countbt.—Our Wander ing Reporter, in a private note dated Bar raba, May ISth, says" The country is in so miserable a state that I bare been three days getting thus far. Since leaving tho Rocky River" my unfortunate borse has not had a bit to eat beyond the few mouthfuls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the stations and stopping-places everything is perfectly bare, and no hay or corn to be had; so that to keep life in my poor animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever X came to any place on the ranges wliero there was any—not feed, for there is not— but the slightest suspicion of thore being the ghost of a blade of dried up grass. Tliis is tlio first place I have reached where hay is obtainable, and I am stop ping to-dav to get my horse a tucker, as I am told there are the same prospects of starvation for him at Bingera. The whole country- is an immense waste; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone through a very severe winter. Should any very bad weather set in you will hear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this—the Liverpool Plains—and the New England districts. All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from Inro-e amount -of' decomposed""vegetable matter it holds in solution from the chick weed that covers it. Children, .and oven grown people; are suffering from dysentery, owing to the use of the water."-r-St/dney Morning ITcrakl, May 10. . r "j The Vintage op 1SGG.—It is very gfati fviug to learn that the vintage in" this dis trict has this year been an exceedingly good one, as regards the quality of the wine it will produce. Froth all tho:vine yards of the Hunter and its tributaries, the same pleasing announcement comes. ; The . quantity made, however,-will not come up to the average yield per acre of some of the previous vintages, although the total quan tity is fully equal-to that produced in any previous year, owing to the greater extent of land undei^ vine culture. One vineyard only has suffered seriously by hail, and in that one about two-thirds of the crop were destroyed "early, ill the season by'a storm. The dry weather Wjhich prevailed during the whole period of*" «he vintage was most favourable for wine making, permitting, as it did, the grapes to thoroughly ripen, and preserving them from the weakening influence of rain at that time. The vigne rons are confident that the wines of '6G will rank very high in public estimation, when they are old enough to he brought into con sumption.—Mail and Mercury. 3Ioee Bushkanging.—Mr Hugh Elliot, i farmer, of Long Swamp, was stuck up by two armed men on Monday morning, as he was riding to Bathurst. Sir Elliot started from his home about 4 o'clock a.m., and when he had travelled about nine miles, and was approaching Mr Bichard Jones's homestead, he saw a camp fire a little dis tance a-head of him- It was then between 5 and G o'clock, and quite dark. "When he came near the fire he observed two men, one of whoni advanced towards bim and ordered him to stop. Thinking the fellow was joking, he made some trivial remark and attempted to pass on, but the man commanded him in a threatening and pe remptory tone to rein up.; He did so, and was then ordered to hand out what money he had- Eortnnately he only had a few shillings, but these the robber declined to take; and merely stealing a piece of tobacco, allowed Mr Elliott to go on his journey. The companion of the bushranger stood aloof the whole tune, and except that he was a smaller man than his assailant, Mr Elliot can say nothing about him. The fellow who stopped him was a tall, -well-made man, but it was so dark that his features could not be discerned.— Bathurst Times. A Half-Caste Sabbath School Gibl. —The Cowra correspondent of the Bathurst Free Press mentions that some days ago, the examination of the Sunday School there took place in the Scotch Church. . In addition to the usual exercises, several of the pupils were called upon to recite appro priate pieces, . either in prose o verse. Amongst the number was Kate Higgings,.a half-caste, belonging to Cowra, and about eleven years of age- The piece selected for her was "The Housemaid," and con sisted of eighty-two lines. This'lengthy recitation she did without so much as a singlo blunder, and was much applauded. This shows • what the half-caste of the colony can do if they fall into good hands. This girl lives with Mrs Onshy, of Cowra, and can both read and write beautifully. Melancholy Occtjkeence. The Bath hurst 7 imes of lGth instant mentions the. deathTof Master James M'Phillamy, a fine boy of fourteen years of age, one of the sons of Mr Bobert M'Phillamy, of Gorman's "Hill. It appears that last Sunday week the poor little fellow was riding on horse hack, leading another horse, which was hanging somewhat behind; bnt of a sudden it came up, and swinging its head, struck the lad in the back, immediately above the hip, on the right side of the spine. On reaching home he said nothing of the hurt he had received, and the following day walked to school and hack again, and then complained of severe pain in his leg, making no mention, however, of what had occurred •with the horse. Next day he was unable to rise from his bed. Dr Bassett was called to attend upon him, and found the poor hoy suffering from severe inflammation of the kidneys, and then he related what had occurred. Erom the first, but slight hopes appear to have been entertained of his recovery, and he slowly sank until death relieved him of further pain on Monday last. . 