,Toowoosso Mnacxmrl L ELaEGIO.-At n00o1 on 'Btstuday, in the Towrn Hall, the Beturning-Olnicer (Alderman Fraser) made the official declaration oflthe poll for the recent election of an alderman to serv4 in the COentral Ward in the place of Mr. Groom, the was elected but had resigned. Tihe attendance san Seaanty, there being scarcely a dozen persons preCsnt. :The sanceessful candidate, Mr. Snow, and his cam .petitor, Mr. Benjamin, were absent. Thie Ireturni-= Olaoer stated that under the clause of the atunicilpaa ties' et (which clanse he read) it aes his duty to sake an olfficial declaration. The numbera, nao previouely stated, were--Snow, 41; Benjamin, 18; loyd 0. It wIas, tsheorefore, li dutay to declare Mor. Elliott Snow to be duly elected as as alderman for Central Ward for the space of two rears. lMr. fLoyd.said thlsat seeing none of thle other endiatee were present, it fell 1pon himself to make a speech to the persons who had roted. He felt, however, that he was on this occasion placed in a singular assd ridiculous position. It was cluslomary for a candidate to Ilothankl .those who voted for hims and sometimes those who did not vote for him. He coold not thlank those who voted for him for thelre were pnone. te wishled to thank the Retsrning-Oilicer for the kindness and attention with which he lsad watcled th.'ballot-box, as he was sure tlsat nothing Ilad gose in wrongly and nothinag put out orongly. He isitended to tackle the D. D. Gaette end all the devils whiehl were there. It was thlroughl thle repre entation of parties there and elsewhlereo tlmat lie lad been induced to put up, althlough Ihe knew he hIad not a ghost of a chane. If he had been elected a men be hIe might have been of some little use ulthoughl it would ant Ihave benefitted hlimself. All the parties holhIlad'jput tlheir names to hisi requisition hIad dcceivedlno. As to the Returning-Ollicer, had he promised to give hitm. (Mr. Lloyd) his vote, ie felt iare thlatMr. Fraser would Ihare fulfilled his promise, as would also T. G. Robinson. But bothl these gentlemen he knew openly oppoed hims. Had he ha o deal with c men like thlese, such an absurd thing oouldslever take place that lie should be placed is tneansmalous position ttmt five persons signed tthe nomination paper mad sione voted for him. Among elhoeo who were present connected with the Garelle, he did not cast blame on lr. Hall or Mr. Mason. Mr. Hall, when asked to sign, plinil said hIe would not inpport him, and that Ie had no interest in the election. Mr. Mason said he would not inind signing the:paper ifa signature nas vanted, hut tlhat hIe lnd pliedged himself to vote for Snow, and thlerefore could not promise a vote. On these terms Mr. laIson ign?sdtbo nomination plaper. lie (Mr. Lloyd) never thdoglht that Mr. Snow would get in-- being too cold a subject. He (Mr. Lloyd) had been willisg to retire .-the.toeommencement of the election in favour of Mr. Benjamin, who was a local man, but he was pernsuaded to goon. He had spoken to Mr. Crosbie, who said iaht ifhias vote was not worth mere thlnsks lie would isve it to sonice one else and not to hIim (ir. Lloyd). H rehCplied that Mr. Crosbie could do es he pleased. He was in a It tionsto show tlshat none voted for hIim who hnd pronaed. He would not speak asy further, 'hut lis meant to have some \riting on the subject. He would not put it in thle lbowsooo? Cdroicle, for 'that was Groom's paper ; as toa tohe Darling Douss Gasnete, it onily put in whut it was paid for doing Oosighter). He itesnded to put a letter into tlhe Qsseewslesd imse, in which he would expose the smatte~mnre fiiyS . Before the poll closed Itr. Groom Sm'eatp i'a cab-grssped him hy tshe hand-ploted a ballot paper in the boa, and then had tlhe impudence toline him' (Mr Lloyd) to ride down to hIis (Mr. Groonm's) place, in Ruthvren-street, and tell himi tlhe 'stoot the poll when it was declared. He easoidered t'imt Mr. Groomhad deceired hilm. The procoedings tnniuated witlh a vote elof thanks to the Returning Gnlicer. 