MELBOURNE. (FROM OUIr OWe connesroKNDiUT.) lMonday, April 10. Australia and thingsAnstralianare, astime wears on, attracting increased attention in England. You can scarcely take up aen En. glish newspaper, review, or magaizino, with. out alighting upon articles directly dealing with matters of interest to this or the adja cent colonies. A recent number of the Lon don Atlhesnceun contains a review of the poet ical efforts of two residents in New South Wales, Mr. J. Sheridan Moore aud;iMr. Ifenry Kendall. Mr. Moore's "Spring Songs, Lyrics, and Australian Melodies," is summarily disposed of by the critic as not worthy of detailed examination; but Mr. Kendall is reviewed very favourably. ie sent the editor a bulky manuscript from which two extracts are mado,-one the "Song of the Cattle Hunters," the other "'the Ghost Glen." The critic argues that the young Australian poet should devote him self mainly to the treatment of "indigenous (purely Australian) subjects." The review dcoicludes thus :-" If Mr. Kendall con. tinues to exert his poetic faculty as success. fully as heo has done in those two pieces (those above referred to), England as well as Australia will gladly recognise his plado a singer. Ie has both disadvantages and ad. vantages in his distant sphere, hut the latter predominate. He occupies virgin soil, stands iin the midst of a society whose characters have never yet been mirroredin song; while English writers are throwing up their pens yearly because they can assimilate nothisng new. Let him seek in the great life arouni him those human forms of humour, pathos and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand, cannot fail to win the hearts of the publio, and let him use his local colouring, a precious treasure, to illustrate truths 'which are universal. That lie has gifts there can be no question ; and his commnuication to ius is so modest and sensible that we are assured he will put these gifts to the, beat use, and strike out in the path which he is most suited'to explore." Mr. Stitt Jenkins, of Oeelong, might do well to ponder over the above:critique.. , Apropos of the impending recall of Sir Charles Darling, the Age to.day indulges in one of its most violent tirades. The article concludes thus :-" It must be the business of the representatives of the people to pre vent such a result, and to show that though the Imperial authorities may at their caprice remove Governors, yet that no Governor who does'his dutoy to the colony will be allowed in any degree to suffer for so doing, but that he will be respected, honoured and adequately remunerated. ' Your readers will probably ask how the "representatives of the people" can remunerate Sir Charles. The fact is that some of the most uncompromising Min isterial sopporters-men whose eands (owing to political excitement) and pockets are about equally "light," talk at' random about the Assembly voting Sir Charles £20,000 (morn or less) for hi loss of office, and of ap point ing him-Agent.General in, England for the colony, at a salary of. £5000 a year. Very easy to talk big is this way ; but will it be possible to get the Assembly to assent to such a use of the,publioc money ; or should the Assembly be cajoled, would the Upper House assent to the measure? I trow not. The Melbourne Criminal Sessions for April openeil to-day at the Supreme Court, before Tlr. Justice Williams. In the case of the Queen v. Beaoney, in which the' accused (a surgeon) was charged with procuring abortion for. one Mary Lewis, sicoe deceased, the Crown Prosecutor admitted that he was not then prepared to go on with the case, and nasked for an adjournment till next sessions. This was strongly objected to by. the hpri soner's cosuisel aIr. Dawson), who .applied that the body might be exhumed for examin ation uhy surgoons on behalf'of the cecused. This had been asked at the inquest,.'but refused (most unfairly). His Honour said lihe was not sure that he had power to mako an order for exhumation. : Mr. Dawson indicated that. it' appeareklfrom a letter from "the Crown Law Offices that the charge .had boon reduced to one of msnore misdemeanour.. The bail of the accused was enlarged, and he left the court accompanied by numerous pro. foasional and private friends. . Theo impression is that theo.case gainst him (if ever 'proseo euted) must entirely break down. There are many who still regard Dr. 'Beaney as the victim of that most virulent nuisance, !' pro fessional jealousy." . Michael Murphy, for tabbing his mate Beatty, at OGf'ney'a Creek, was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to seoven years' penal servitude. Mr. Aspihall ably do fended the prisoner. There is sno doubt that Sir. C. Darling is recalled, and that General Carey is appointed in his place pro tem. ,. 