GENERA L EPl 7 OME. The Kilmore Examiner states:—" As further ; proof of the fiendish malice which culminated in the destruction by fire of Mr Corboy's pr- mises, on Monday night, tho 12th inst , that on the day after that on which the fire occurred it was found that all the fruit trees in the garden had been ringed." The Mciglitz Miner, only ninetrcn numbers of which have as yet been published, announces j that a change is about to be made in its pro- | prietaryship. The first Mayor of Steigliti;, Mr Goulden, j took his seat on the bench for the first time on Thursday last. The Steiglilz Miner says that in some places '! fruit is so plentiful that: pigs are being fed1 with very good peaches. - , The It-v. W. Taylor was,"on the 15th inst'.-,' at-Adelaide, presented with a purse contain ing; 125 Sove.; as a mark of respect - and eateem.;:..r - | Thirty-one 'of" Fulloon's murderers, have been-brought iup to Auckland for trial.* \--During the Tullaroop ltaces, on Thursday last, one of the booths was destroyed by fire j owing to the carelessness of, a. Chinaman-in. lighting his opium pipe. A rush was made from .the grand Tstand, ;but', no'petBon was severely, injured-..' * -b'iA man, working onMr Simon's farm, near ! Ivyneton, met with his death on Thursday last through taking an orerdosa of Perry ■ Davis's painkiller. - It appears that instead of taking a teaspoonfnl, as prescribed, he took-| half a boltlefult,"and'deatU was the result-;,--; ;*"Thb* Bendigo Independent understands that , that the system of garden robbing, so much in vogue of late, has been extended to the grounds of the Benevolent Asylum, and that -upon ; several ' occasions . largo quantities of | grapes have been stolen thcrefrotn. . .Mock Devils.—I must add two or three short anecdotes about ghosts, got up in the devil-manner. They are not new, butlillus irate'very handBOmely 'the state of mind in which a ghost should be met. . One is, that somebody undertook to scare Cuvier, the great naturalist, with a' ghost having an ox's head. ■ Cuvier woke, and found the fearful thing glaring and grinning at his bedside. "What doyou want?" ■To devour .you !"■ growled the ghost. " Devour tne ?'quoth the great Frenchman—*' Hoofs, horns, graminovorous 1" You can't do it, clear out 1" .And he did clear but. s A pious maiden lady, in one of our Now England villages, was known to possess three peculiarities." - First, she was a very religious honest,. matter-of-fact woman. Second, she supposed every body else was equally honest; hence she was very credulous. alwayB believing everything she heard. And third, having a - conscience void -- of offence," she siw no reason to ha afraid .of anything; consequently she feared nothing. Oa a dark night, some boys, knowing thacshe .would be. returning "home aloue from prayer meeting, through an unfrequented street, de termined to teBt two of her peculiarities—viz, her credulity and her courage. One of the boys was sewed up in a'huge shaggy bearskin, and as the old lady's feet were heard pattering down the street, he threw himself directly in her path and commenced making a terrible noise. " Mercy !"; exclaimed the-ald lady; '.•who are you " I am the devil 1" was the reply. ■" Well, you are a poor creature !" re sponded the antiquated virgin, as she Btepprd aside and passed by thes'.range animal, probably not for a moment doubting it was Iris Satanic Majesty, .but certainly not "dreaming of being "afraid of him;. It is said that a Yankee'tin pedlar,- who" had frequently cheated most of the people in the vicinity of a New England .village' through which he was'passing, was induced by same.of the aeiite'one3 to join them in a drinking bout; , Ho finally became stone drunk ;,ahd in that condition these wags carried him to a. dark rocky cave near the village, then, dressing themselves in a raw head- and-bloody-bones : Btyle, awaited his return to"consciousness. - As he began rousing himself, they' * lighted some huge torches, atid 'also , set -fire to * some 'bundles-'-of "straw and three or , four rolls of brim stone,' which they had placed in different parts of the cavern." The peddtar rubb;d his eyes, and seeing and Bmelling. all th.ese'eyidences of Pandemonium, concluded he 'had-died,; .and was now partaking of his final doom., But he toolc it very philosophically, for he compla cently remarked to himself—" In hell—just as I expected!" A story is told of a cool old sea "captain,;'with a virago of a wife, -wh'o'met one of these "artificial devils in a lonely place." As the ghost obstructed his, path, the old fellow remarked—" If-yon are not the devil, •get out 1- If you are, come along with me and gei supper. * ' I married • your sister T'— ■The Humbugs of .the World; by P. J. Barnum 