CONTINENTAL EUROPE. THE CONDITION OF SPAIN. (From the Special Commissioner of the Daily Telegraph.) I WAS never a Pretendiente, although I should not at all object to a snug commis- sionership, with nothing to do, and twelve hundred a year to get; but I have always always had a great liking for looking at the outside of government offices. The porticoes of the Ministere dcs Finances under the arches of the Rue de Rivoli in Paris is, for in stance, a great study. How comes it that you meet so many ladies there ? What have the fair sex to do with finance ? What sleek, rogue faces—sharp schemers'faces glum, disappointed faces you see passing, in and out. How some rub their hands and chuckle softly—they hare got the Minister in a right place, and had their will of him; how others bite the lip, and set the teeth, and stuff the now useless bundle of papers into the coat- pocket. The Minister has said them nay, and they have received the moral kick downstairs—a process practised to admiration in all public departments. From the outside of Somerset House, too, you may learn great things. Every variety of beard, turn-down collar, scarf-pin, and watch-guard is on view when the victims of a despotism which reigns from 10 till 4 every day arrive and depart. To inspect the carrying in of lunch at 1 o'clock—that ceremony is now, I suppose, superseded by a refreshment-room—used to be productive of much philosophic meditation. You won dered whether it was stamps and taxes or audit office who took oysters, and how tithes' commissioners could contrive to dis pose of two huge mutton chops. And then your eye was arrested by the unmistakeable duns who used—l am glad to speak in the past tense—to hang about; the small bill discounter affecting the Strand, while the " horsy" looking dun and the army tailor looking dun more constantly patron ised the aleutours of the Treasury and the War Office. And you thought of the young ladies and gentlemen, who found out that the court-yard of Sir William Chambers' huge bureaucratic palace was a capital place for flirtations, and that lovers' vows might be conveniently interchanged on the brink of that abyss in the middle, originally intended, I infer, for a fountain, and where there is a colossal statue of an old black man, in reduced cir cumstances and insufficient apparel, embrac ing, with signs of the most ardent affec tion, a pickle-jar of preternatural propor tions. I never could make out whether he was meant to represent the Thames and its tributaries, or the Patriarch Noah exulting over the discovery of old port. To the edifice at home, however, I have been but a casual visitor; here for the first time I live opposite a Government office, and am thus enabled to study its phases from morn ing till night In the way of interest I consider that the Ministerio de la Goberna cion beats Somerset House and the Minis tere dcs Finances hollow. I have grown to know—from afar off—the heads from the backbones of departments, ay, and the caudal appendages thereof, and can tell a Pretendiente, or outsider, from an Empleado, or insider, as keenly a? a Temple laundress can distinguish be tween a Bencher and Mr. Briefless. The Gobernacion, I must observe again, is an important military post, as well as the Home Office of Spain. Half a foot regi ment seem to be on guard there ; and the eaey, contented, smilingly supine look of the warriors off duty—the airy way in which the officers strut up and down, puff ing tiny clouds of smoke from their papetitos, and ogling anything superior in the way of a mantilla which may happen to pass—l confess, puzzles me. How can these gay sons of Mars, the only ones among Spaniards who do not shroud them selves to the eyes in cloak, and stalk mourn fully moonwards, conspire, pronounce, rebel ? How do they set about it ? Who first impels them to the foul design ? At present, the Guardians Civile* being round the corner, they seem the most loyal troops imaginable. It is a most pleasing sight to behold the guard turn out and present arms when the royal carriages pass, which they seldom fail to do twice a day. I always have timely notice of the approach of royalty. At about twenty minutes past 3 p.m. I hear a flourish of trumpets—a wild Moorish fanfare—from the Gobernacion guard-house. The window is open—yes, wide open—on the 4th of February, and I rush into the balcony. There goes royal carriage number one, a stout, handsome, double-bodied vehicle, with red wheels, and crammed full of children. There goes royal carriage num ber two, also crammed full of children. Why, bless my heart, here is another car riage full to the window sills of Spanish olive branches. Well may the heralds deck the pillars of Hercules with the proud inscription "plus ultra.' 1 Blessed is the Queen who has her quiver full of them ; and what a happy man the King of Spain must be! When harnessed to these royal carriages you see six mules, you may be certain that not actual regnant royalty, but some of lot Ninos, the Infantes and Infantas, are within. The mules are magnificent, and, at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, they would create a prodigious sensation. Plump and sleek, tall and shapely, ears erect, and tails of which they have no reason to be ashamed, they fully merit the epithet of "arrogant," which the Spaniards are so fond of applying to them. Previous to the interesting event which has blessed the Castiles with' another " robust Infante," I was honored on two occasions with a view of Her, Majesty hi person, proceeding for her afternoon's drive. Then, not six mules, but six superb black horses draw the royal carriage—a postilion on the leader. The pace is a rapid trot, the turn-out exceedingly handsome. The coachman, footmen, and outriders wear long blue cloaks and gold-laced hats of the " Egham, Staines, and Wiudsor " pattern; and another retainer, cloaked and cocked batted, rides a stately charger between the first and second carriages. This second conveyance, as I hinted in a pre vious letter, is, when her Majesty goes abroad, empty. It is the traditional and his torical coche de ■ ■,• but I forget its Spanish name, the Carrosse den cas which Pere la Chaise and Scarron's widow, the pretty pair, tried to persuade Louis Qua torze in his dotage to set up. But, dotard as he was, the hen-and-raven-pecked old man would not humble himself so far. Whenever the Queen, in her drives about Madrid, meets the procession of the Host, out of her grand coach she gets. Dusty or muddy as the road may be, she alights, and the priest with his pyx is installed in her place. Then the use tf the eoche de becomes apparent. 1 must add that the " in-case-of-need " turn-out is as hand some as the actual coach-royal. I wonder whether the authorities ever hint to the clergy that when passing with the Sacra ments they might as well avoid the Puerta del Sol between the hours of 3 and 5 while the Queen is in Madrid. Her Majesty's piety is well known—has she not given every wooden Virgin in the kingdom a trousseau which a Russian Archduchess ' might envy?—and continually ascending and descending from one coach to another might be productive of some inconve nience. There is, however, in the whole thing a charmingly curious combina tion of luxurious ostentation and ascetic denial, of religion and stiff-neckedness, and especially of the pride which apes humility. The mystic symbolism which Philip the Second professed yet lingers in varnished j and Voltairian Madrid. But the reality is lost; the gilt and showy outside only' remains. | Ere we quit the Ministry of the Interior pray take note of the curiously honey combed and vermiculated appearance which the facade—say to a height of fifteen feet— presents. The spaces between the windows are assiduously placarded with advertise ments relating to dentistry, pedicurism, and photography; the Bailes de Mascaras, or Carnival balls, at the Zarzueta Theatre; to new editions of the works of Cervantes; to wax-work shows, or Figueros de Cera; to the next bull-fight; and to the perform ances of a noted gymnast, who christens himself " Jack Spard." Fancy bill-sticking being permitted on the walls of Sir Charles Barry's sumptuous range of public offices in Whitehall! But between these placards, and above them, and below them, there are spaces, and every inch of wall so discovered presents the pock-marked aspect I have mentioned. Why are the walls se pitted f Why are the gratings in front of the windows—common enough in all Spanish houses—of extra thickness, here ? Why is the guard-house considered so very im portant a part of the edifice, that when the French architect, Jacques Marquet, submitted his plan to the Duque de Aranda —a plan in which the different suites of rooms were reached by means of a grand staircase in the centre of the facade—that impetuous nobleman told him that he must have a guard-house there, and that he might put his staircase wherever he chose ? The stairs are accordingly huddled into an obscure corner; and in most English descriptions of Madrid the unlucky French man is taunted with having forgotten the staircase altogether in his original design. Honor to M. Germond de Lavigne, who, in his " Itinerary of Spain," one of the best of the Joanne collection, has vindicated the memory of his countryman from unjust aspersions. I wait for some English archi tect to clear the fair fame of our Beazley from the charge of having forgotten the gallery staircase at the Lyceum. There is, it should be stated, a very simple solution to this enigma of honey combing and vermiculation on the walls of the Gobernacion. The stone is too sound to have rotted like the wretched stuff—fit only to clean knives and scrub hearths—of which our Houses of Parliament have been built. The mountain air of Madrid is too pure for stone to suffer from atmospheric erosion. As the blocks were hewn by the mason and chiselled by the sculptor, so they remain sharp and firm for hundreds of years. The outward walls of the Gober nacion have merely been pitted by the smallpox of civil war. Thousands of vol leys of musketry have been fired at that facade, now peacefully decorated with the placards of corn-cutters and tooth-drawers. Well might they bar those windows up. An infuriated populace has striven to storm them a hundred times. For this Puerta del Sol, be it well understood, has been for a century the cockpit of Madrid, and too often a kind of Golgotha. More patriots than ever fell on the Carrousel have been slain there. " I have known the time," a veteran politician said to me, pointing at the soldiers lounging on the guard-room benches, "when five hundred duros, judiciously distributed among those men, would produce a pronunciamieHto." There have been times, too, when the people, needing no bribes or donatives, but only the quickening spur of passion and the sun, have risen in furious wrath, and beaten against the walls of the Gobernacion, even as the waves lash the base of the Eddy stone. Sometimes—not often, luckily — the Mooners become a mob, and rent their rulers in pieces. It is well for the peace of Madrid that the masses almost invari ably wear cloaks, and that those cloaks are folded about the body in a manner so com plex and elaborate that violent muscular exertion while enwrapped in these gar ments is all but impossible. Only one hand is free, to hold—with the pacific, a cigarito; with the naughty, a knife. The rest of the man is a kind of walking mummy, only to be unrolled at night. The Spaniard is, in fact, a tall baby .in Swaddling clothes. Now a man so muffled up, I take it, cannot easily revolt. Mr. Squeers com plained of the difficulty of thrashing a boy in a hackney coach. How rarely do you find a woman fly into a passion when she has had her hair dressed. It is when she is in deshabille that the rows take place. How is a man in a cloak to build a barri cade, or fiing stones, or carry about the heads of unpopular officials on pikes? The mail in a blouse can do these things, and, when he has a chance, he does them. To rebel you must tuck up your sleeves ; there is no tucking up your sleeves when you are tucked up in a mantle of mystery. The dangerous political activity of Spanish soldiers is, perhaps, due to their walking about in jackets and tunics, and having their arms free. A civilian Spaniard would much sooner abandon his hat or his boots than his cloak. The highest com pliment which he can pay you on meeting you in the street is to uncloak; and I have heard the fact that the people so rarely uncover when the Sovereign passes, < accounted for on the ground that to do ' so they must remove their cloaks, and so run the risk of catching the much- < dreaded pulmonary malady of Madrid.' There are but two conjunctures in which a | genuine Spaniard will without reluctance unmuffle himself. The first is when he sees Beauty in distress. Then will he cover her with his cloak or spread it on the ground for her to walk upon, as Walter Raleigh did for Great Eliza. The second is when he meets a bulL Then he whips off his cloak, flourishes it, trails it in the dust, flicks it in the eyes of his traditional foe, and, with a cry of " Ah t Toro /" only regrets that it is not scarlet. To me, when it grows late, and the great white moon shines in the midst of the vault, and the fountain, its jet stilled now, reflects Diana in its basin as though it were that well we all seek with Truth at the bottom—when it grows so late that the lights in the windows are extinguished, and the babbling of the newsboys and watersellers below is hushed, and only, perhaps, a solitary guitar twanged in a bye-street makes you dubious as to whether the serenade is still among the things of the present; or some silly British tra velling gent, deluded by romance reading, has imagined that to serenade Dona Inez in her bower is yet the " thing," and is twanging on spec; or whether, which is likeliest of all, some itinerant ballad-singer is practising in bis garret a new seguidilla, which, he trusts, may bring him a few reals to-morrow—then, at this witching hour of night, the Puerta del Sol is haunted by a ghost. A soldier-like ghost, a most martial j phantom he is. Bright gleams his cuirass, ' and glistens his gold embroidery, and floats his snow-white plume in the moonlight. Raven black, and tressed into fantastic ringlets, are his hair and beard. There are ! jewels in his cap and on bis sword-hilt, and even on the sumptuous housings of his snort ing charger. Round and round the Puerta he prances proudly and defiantly; but, woe is me! he is all one gore of blood. There is blood from the counter to the crupper of his steed —blood on his bright cuirass and broidered doublet —blood on his jewelled cap and sparkling sword-hilt. It is no blood of his own—it is that of the people of Madrid; and from the nine street corners rise nine times nine legions of pale ghosts, their shrouds ensanguined, who point at him and gibber, yet flee with a shriek of affright as the bloody hoofs of his horse come clattering towards them. ! This is no ghost of the Old Campeador, of Guzman the Good, of Alonzo the Brave no, it is the phantom of one who but fifty years since was a living, breathing man, but whose romantic valor made him the paladin of the French army, while his ex travagantly theatrical style of apparel caused him to be nicknamed its " Fran coni." I see the spectre of Joachim Murat, the Provencal innkeeper's son, some time Grand Duke of Berg and King of Naples —the beau sabreur of the Moskowa, the husband of Caroline Bonaparte, but to all Spaniards % man to be loathed and remem bered with curses as the infamous hero of the ** Dos de Mayo," 1803. On the 23rd of March in that year Murat ar rived at Madrid as lieutenant for the Emperor Napoleon. For a few weeks he made some efforts to ingratiate himself with the Madrilenos; nay, according to some accounts, Murat aspired to the throne of Spain to the detriment of Joseph. He had as good a right to it as that worthy. But who has not been accused of aspiring to the throne of Spain ? Even the Duke of Wellington was charged with such an ambition. The Madrilenos, however, soon lost their liking for Murat. On the fiist of May the mob, irritated by the enforced departure of some of the Infantes, hissed Grand Duke Joachim on the Puerta del Sol, and pulled from his horse a French aide de-camp who bad cut a hissing gallego down. A terrible vengeance followed. The poor Mooners of the Puerta del Sol fell by hundreds before the sabres of the French cuirassiers and of Mamelukes— for whose Oriental aspect and dress the orthodox Spaniards had a special aversion. They thought the Moors had come again. More appalling massacres took place on the days and nights immediately ensuing, and numbers of the people, tried by military commissions, presided over by General Gruchy, of Waterloo notoriety, were shot on the ! Prado. Mr. Ford, in the amusing milange of wit, humour, art criticism, and classical lore, which is still, in despite of its high Tory prejudices, one of the most admirable of handbooks, traces the subsequent fate of Murat and Grouchy to the direct'action of a Nemesis angered by their atrocities in Spain. Grouchy, it is true, died in his bed, but earned the scorn and hatred of France for not coming up in time at Water loo ; whereas Murat, captured on the Cala brian coast in 1815, was tried by a " mili tary commission," and shot in virtue of a law which he had himself decreed while King of Naples. Most luckless, and yet most fortunate Joachim—spoilt child of Fortune, but whose mother, as the mothers of spoilt chil dren are apt to do, in a moment of ungo vernable rage at bis naughtiness, beat him to death, to be sorry for it, and pamper his descendants in the next generation. The bankrupt, captive, disowned, doomed beau sabreur, with his gay Franconi tunic all besmeared, and his snow-white plume lopped off, had other things, I tear, lying heavy on his soul that sultry summer after noon when he sat in the castle of Pizzo eating his last meal of maccaroni and boiled chicken, from which they had taken out the bones lest he should strive to choke himself with them. Fortunate, indeed, if no direr fate awaited him than to haunt, as in idle fancy I have pictured him, the Puerta del Sol. 