VICTORIA. Tnn WcngaWonga steamer brings Melbourne papers to the 20th iu slant. Monday's Jrgvs says:— Our readers will, we doubt not, be pleared to learn that the introduction of the brown trout . to Vic torian waters lias been successfully accomplished. Oa.Saturday morning two boxes, estimated to contain about 1800 ova, arrived by ibe Ecuthcrn Cross, having been brought from Tasmania by Mr. LangwilL These boxes were on. Saturday token up to Sun hury Ly Mr. Eprigg, the secretary to tbe Acclimatisation. Society, and Mr. Langwill, and tho ova were carefully removed and de posited iu the boxes prepared for them in BiddeU's Creek by iir. W. J. Clarke. Dr. Black had on the previous day visited tbe creek, and seen that everything was ready for tbe reception of the ova. When the boxes were opened it was found that about two-lLirds of the ova were alive, and it is anticipated that, if the delicate operation of impregnating. the ova has been properly pt'tfotmcd, there will be seme CC0 or 70; fry hatched within a few weeks. Tho inquiry into, alleged immoral practices of the surgeon and certain' officers of the emigrant ship Palm Tree, from Liver pool, with emigrants was finished on Saturday. The doctor of tbe ship was fined £2, with-£3 costs, and ordered to undergo ten dayiJ imprisonment in Melbourne gaol; the third officer was lined tbe same amount, with £3 costs, and sentenced to seven clays' imprisonment ; . and the first and second officers we're fined £2 each, ordered to pay 40s. costs, and to gi to gaol for one. hour. The.magiBtrates Yonnd that tbe defendants had been guil:y of familiarity, but not of immorality, w ith feme cf (he passengers, ana the dechion of the Bench, therefore. leaves no. stain of criminalitv on anv of the vountr women concerned, in tho case. Tbe Supreme Court will be moved for . a writ , of prohibition to set aside this judgment, on the ground ib&t; the officers of a ship cannot be punished under tbe rules framed for tbe purpose of being carried out by them ; and the defendants are held to bail until Friday, the 2Hhiu stunt.— Argus, Tbe Melbourne detective police have fortunately. succeeded in rccovciing the property, estimated to amount to about £600, which was stolen about three weeks ago from the shop of Mr. Jones, jeweller and watchmaker, Flinders-street West. Toicuin.g Bf.ruavement. — The following is from, the Kg net 011 Observer : — One of those minor tragedies, of domestic life, which are cone the less touching because tbe cbicf actors in them do not oltra.do their. sorrows on the. public, came to our knowledge on Friday. A poor woman living on tbe Cobaw Road brought ber little child into Kyneton to obtain, medical advice respecting it. Ebe called at Messrs. Dufty and C&rolin;'s, photographers, to know what the charge would be for a photograph of herself and the child She was told, and went away. Ip a few hours 6hc returned with the child in her arms, and said, ' I. riiaU not want tbe picture cow; my child is dead.' The little thing had died during its visit to Kyneton,. and tho mother, had to retrace her sorrowful steps homeward, be&nng; with her the body of her dead infant. An Inctoent of the Faxlubk of Masterman's Bank.— The Uvtus Gazette ssyB As ono of the results oC the panic and the failure of tbe Mastcrman's Bank, a little local incident has come under our notice. About eighteen. months since a shareholder in one of the Chines companies died, leaving an. aged father, who was not in very good circumstances, his property. Tbe executors, mter ii HiiKiiip parr, iuc uiuiuau euuia ajouu iuiuu gu iuc uaun in question, which stopped, payment two days before the money should have been paid over to him. The Eugenia 6mxthji.--A speoimen of the tree Eugenia Sn.ithii (Fois) Is now bearing berries for the first time, at the Botanic Gardens. This tree Is a native of Gipps Land, and from its tall handsome growth (reaching to a height of about 100 feet) end its dark glossy fuilagc, it i^well suited for avenues and other ornamental planting. It boars largo quantities of a pale violet ? coloured edible berry, which is eaten by parrots and other birds. . — Argus. Twu Goulrurs in Flood.— The following is from the 7 Vootft 'Point Times: — The rain continues to pour down incessantly. 1 There is sufficient water running down our streets to keep twenty heed of stampers going. The waters of the right and left ; band branches of the Goulburn flow along, splashing and dash ing, carrying before them all the debris from machines and auuriul claims, meting a clean sweep from bank to bank. Tho oldest residents do not remember seeing the river so high. The Candle Ghost.— The Varrenneip correspondent 01 the Ballarat Star- supplies the first veritable ghost, and thus the story runs 4* In the vicinity of Megill and Coghlan's brewery , lives a Mr. Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name betokens, of the ' Emerald Isle, who, for some * deed done in his days,' is now tormented by a spirit ef the other world, which makes its pre sence known by constantly lighting the candles as fas\\. as they arc put out, so that once a candle is lighted U, must be thoroughly burnt down ; and no matt/4 . how many candles inay be burning, or where placed, if they ere all extinguished, they will by some mysterious agrrn^ be lighted again iu the twinkling of a bcdpo&t;, as they 6uy in Ireland. Kt vcral people who visited the scene, came awa^rax claiming, ' The Saints be praised, it is the most wonderful /Jiing we cvor saw.' Mr. Fahey, in his extremity, started the other day to consult the divines of his church, in whose 4 ba /ksvard mutters of diesevering power ' be places most implicit fa j*li, and who r.o doubt have given him some good advice, which I j.* wisely kee ps to hinibelf. The latest report states that one MVut, tho candlesticks tock a fit, and jumped off' th e table on to the flyor and then beck again.' T he Ocean Above Us. — Th is formed tho street of a 1' cture delivered on Thursday 'ov Mr. Alfred Caue to his pupils and their friends, in tba vchool-room, Staiuoy-sLreet. The room was crowded, and tb e chair was cccspcd by Mr, Mentfkld. The lecture was delivered more specially for iho benefit cf the young peoj fle, and tbe langunro was iieccfsariJy simple, and such &s; could be uuifortlojd by the Youngest; at the same titr jq the lecturu itealf wug replete wiili useful information, ar ^ could not bo- othcrv.'i.jc than interesting and iDetructi.ve to the adult portion of the audience. The various properties of air, aj:d ill : pheno mena to which Ihey gi* ,*e rise — its materialiiyi composition, 01: d qu6 lilies, and the action of tho different gases of which, it is cuuposed— were , nil treated of and explained. Tbe lectins was illustrator' j by diagrams and experiments with the air-pump, and numerous other apparatus; an! iho lecturer did not fail to point out, in a clear aud forcible manner, the evil effects of persons breatbiug an impure sttnophcre, At the conclusion of tbe lecture a vote of th&rks; was give' j both to the chairman and the lecturer. Customs lti .ceiets, River Murray.— A return has been lublfefccf. f showing tbo amount of money received nt c*Lch Custor jh station on the River Murray, from the time^ of its establishment to tho 3*lnt Dj ccmber, 1*865, specifying from whence iho goal* so impoMed and paying duty have arrived, Tho fdlowinr^ .figures are given:— Duty on gooJfi import-si from Victoria, £22,004 Ms. 2d.; duty on gouds imported from South Australia, £1516 0s. 9d. ; bonding warehauso duty^ £8Q jig, gd j i*erit cf goodB ia Queen's warehouse, j£5C Cs. 9d. ; Crown's share of seizures, £(35 16s. 10.1, Tvtal, £23.732 10s. 2d.— Of this sum £3610 3s, 21. w*re re ceived at Albury ; £2749 18a. lOd. at Corowu ; £161 0s. 7d . fit Fusion ; £15,680 )8*. 2d. nt Mouina; £125 Us. 2d . nt Bwaii Hill Crcsaing, and £1401 12*. 3d. at Wentv jrili. Tho total value of goods exported by way of and ft3r'jS« th0 River Murray, from the establishment of Cistern? gluteus thevcrn, to 3istDoc(iubtr, 18C5, is given ut £1,^1 ^05. To-day phenomena, to-morrow the fouu.® .tiou of now pnV.cH of thought and life, Facto are the tfouLa tb't » Wifidora builds wiUit 