LITERATURE. The PbIXCITLES OP REPRFSENTATrTE Government. By Edward Wjisojt (R^orinted from the Fortnightly FtvietrJ. 1S66. It is a fair and proper retribution on English politicians for the absurd homilies they hare read us from time to time on our Australian ^ politics that an Australian should take them j to task about the beam in their own eye- j This bold and somewhat invidious task has fallen to the lot of Mr. Edward Wilson, than whom a more experienced champion of the colonies could hardly be found. The wonder iB not that he loves to follow liis old occupation wherever he goes, but that his eld connections and associates should so seldom have the benefit of this love. Perhaps no one iE more familiar with the political history of his own colony, or has a deeper interest in it; yet a short while ago, when Victoria was arraigned as a demc- I cratic offender before the Parliament and the j Press of the mother-country, Mr. Wilson, though on the rpot, appears, as far as we cm learn, to have been quite oblivious of the event. He may have Been that the rhinoceros bide of prejudice in which John Bull has wrapped his mind against all foreign influence was still too thick to make any impression upon. He thought best to bide his opportunity, and when the Reform agitation came on he obtained it. What he could not say for colonial democracy when itself under discussion, he hastened to say when the discussion of home politics enabled him to get in his word by a side-wind. Paradox as it may seem, we believe that an intelligent and experienced colonial politician is better able to judge English politics than an English politician of equal calibre can be to judge colonial politics. Critics of the Satur day Reviyw and Spectaicr type, whose only weakness is omniscience, might stare if such a plea were set up against their dogmatic com- ments, but nevertheless we firmly believe it to be valid. There are these great advantages on the -side of the colonist: in the first, place, he has most likely learned something cf English; polities before he emigrated;; then he has con tufued to study them, 'more or less closely, during the wis die of his colonial residence; -tnd, lastly, he has his own peculiar experience to superadd. All the political principles in operation at home are also in operation here to some extent, but there are several principles in operation here which are as yet unknown at home. The Englishmen sees but one side of the question, while the colonist sees both sides. And it is no advantage, but otherwise,'to-til ic former that his experience is on a larger-scale. A great merit of - our colonial experience is its moderate-or, so to -speak, manageable extent. The smclior the sscle oil which a principle can be'tested, the cleat er the ^est, provided ell ths -essential conditions are present. Now there ib nothing more remarkable -about Australian society than the -exactness with which it has followed its English model. The forme -are identical, but 'the materials are of course -very • different. Our Constitutions aretko British Osnslitntion'in duodecimo, and slightly model-sired. Tbey>g>re us its funda mental principles stripper! of its esrabrous details. For this reason a nail may acquire constitutional '-knowledge -here with half the trouble that w®tdd be needed at home, where the magnitude of everything obscures its ,' intrinsic nature. Our politicians, if trriued at home, might hardly have risen above'the rank of-vestry rnr-r., err at highest into the ■Sessions ;• but trained heee'they can go home •ar.d take a gcocl position even in the -imperial Bcrhament. .At first • thought many -both here and at heme would be inclined "like Mr. ■ Wilson's simply because they are colonial. Theustute editor of tlie-Hoti nightly l&coieto;—one of the -shiest critical organs lately established—has had more discernment. :Ee has allowed Mr. WiUec to have his say, net only-on politics in general, but on English politics of the present day in particular The .-result now Oes before usriu the shape of a republication,'intended, to dsubt, chieSiy to be circulated itt rtbe colonies. From the high irground taken'in our preamble we may Eeem almost -bound to hail the tssay as t chef id-eugre—a -week worthy of -eompsrisoE with anything that Mill, or Harp, or Fswoeii, or ■Begahot has -written ou the subject; but with ail our respect fir colonial psHtieianf, weeennot be.-quite so coaay.limentary to Mr. Wilson. .His escay is not prcSound, or original, or bril&ut; tut it is exceedingly srosible. It msy be thcught that what he has specially got to-say bears but a small proportion to what be really doss say ; hut he-is not the only .political writer who gives a very rlibersl allowance of bread to his -sack. Mr. Wilson's key-ncte is that die English reformers have got into their presasi fog by paying too little attention, not only to the-feets of the case, but to the figuie?. If he had -himself studied the elects vol statistics recently collected.end published .by the Go-| vernmsnt, he might/be rather inclined to think! that the figures there given have bcs:i the main cause, of the fog. They have si upset and con fused all pre -cxisl iug -notions of reform that the most liberal men hesitate to advance.until the confusion has been cirared up. But,-perhaps Mr. WiUo:i is a political homcEopatbist, and would cure the wrong kind of figures by a counter-sclsstion. The £nst half of the essay is occupied by general reflections on the .existing state of the franchise, the txelcsion of the working .man being assumed .end then lamented in a variety of ways—some of them undoubtedly peculiar, not to say quaint. We have to work our way into the second half before discovering Mr. Wilson's own theory of representation, which is this :—He takes for his fundimental doctrine an analysis of the existing House of Commons recording ti the professions of the members. The analysis shows JL25 peers .-or relatives of peers, G7 baronets. Jf35 military officers of the regulars, 106 officer* of militia, yeomanry, end volunteers, 11 naval officers, ifJQ lawyers, 2 surgeons, 1 architect, 4 civil engineers, 3 editors, 10 authors, 1 publisher, 7 bank directors, 7 private bankers, 4 capitalists, 8 ironmasters, 4 contractors, 18 manufacturers, 49 merchants, 5 brewers, 1 shipbuilder, 1 stockbroker, 1 bouse agent, 1 tenant farmer. If Jane Taylor's "stranger from another planet" were to read this list, what inference would lie draw as to the character of the con stituency ? Surely that it was very aristocratic, very warlike, and almost equally litigious. So much for thecvil to be reformed. The plan of reform sketched by Mr. Wilson turns on the representationof the leading-class interests cf the country. He would have the electorsarranged in nineteen classes as follows :—1, landowners; 2, merchants ; 3, manufacturers ; 4, shipowners; 5, mining proprietors; 6, retail traders; 7, tenant farmers; 8, bankers; 9, fund holders ; 10, railway proprietors; 11, Colonial ; and Indian proprietors; 12, owners of town property; 13, professional men; 14, clerks, shopmen, &c.; 15, skilled irtisans and mechanics; 16, unskilled labourers • 17, educators; 18, teachers of religion; 19, womtn. Having defined his model constituency, Mr. Wilson explains ! how he would arrange the electoral districts. He is not sanguine enough to hope that local interests could bs immediately ignored, there fore; in the meantime, he would leave to each of the large constituencies one of its members. For tbo operation cf his own scheme he would have the country divided into twenty-Eve provinces, the size of which may he inferred from the hint that Scotland would furnish two. To tli! old constituencies he would allow about 180 members, leaving 475 for the new provinces, or nearly 19 members to each, or one for each of the nineteen squads aforesaid. Admitting the ingenuity of this arrangement and the skilful use it makes of " figures," there may be serious objections raised against j it both as to principle and details. The first and greatest objection is that it confuses and complicates the basis of the suffrage, thereby perpetuating one of the worst evils that now demand reform. The true ground on which the suffrage is being claimed for the working classes is that tbey are citizens as much as any other class, concerned in the action of the Legislature as much as any other class, and therefore equally entitled to admission within the pale of the Constitution, unless special cause can be shown to the contrary. The principle of citizenship and of a common interest in good government, combined with personal fitness, is the key to the whole position. _ Citizenship was the original his torical principle, and the means employed for its exercise—county end borough elections— were employed because most suitable at the time. Society has changed since then ; new classes have been raised in place of the old burghers and yeomanry; a fresh distribution of population has been made, and a hundred better organs of public opinion than the hustings have come into existence. Reformers only ask tbat the original principle should be rcadapted to the modern situation. They ask that the posthumous children of the Revolution should be admitted to tkeir birthright along with their elder brethren. They ask that the electoral forms should be recast on a _ scale proportioned to the public opinion they have to express. For local and geographical distinctions which have no bearing whatever on the suffrage, they ask to have rational distinctions substituted—nume rical, intellectual, or both. To recognise in every member of the State a right to some influence in its administration, however sma , and to enable him to exercise his proportionate . amount of influence end no more—that is the I problem of reform. I We decline Mr. Wilson's solution of the problem, because it tends to ignore this . natural historical basis of representation. His [ scheme would give people rotes, not as citizens I having a common interest in good government, but because of certain special class interests 1 they possess in addition. It would make [ every constituency a Trade Guild, and the Im perial Parliament a convection of professional ! delegates. Instead of a reflex of the general ! opinion and mental power of the nation, it would be u fortuitous concourse cf class pri ju dices and jealousies. Even though good men happened to be elected, ■ another fortu'tous circumstance, the peculiar relation they held to their constituents as champions of a special j class, would engender habits the reverse of statesmanlike. Such professional influence would, in short, be worse thau the local influ ence it is intended to supersede. It wosld have the defects of the latter, with additional defects of its own. A member, when he cornea j face to face with national questions, may easily raise himself above the influence of locality; but professionalism and provincialism com- < bined might be too much for him. Rather the old geographical partitions, absurd as they are, than such a composite theory, even were Abb« ] Sieves himself the author of it. Hitherto we have argued on the assumption that Mr. Wilson's scheme would prove prac ticable, and that the practical results would correspond with the given premises. In point of fact, we are sceptical on this point also. How could the country be divided into 25 parts, so that eech part should contain a sufficient number say of mining proprietors to deserve | a special representative"? The same difficulty might fee suggested with regard to shipowners and colonial proprietors. But, to go to the root-of the matter nt once, we would ask if any numerical standard would be adopted, and, if jl so, what sort of-ctse ? A writer with bo much ] respect for "figures" as Mr. Wilson would surely nottgnorcnumcricalstrengthaltogetfaer. Would he think it fair that a hundred mining pro prietors in (Province A should have the etme amount of representation as ten thousand in Province B'f His scheme appears to commit him to thit injustice, for it allows but one rc ; presentativs of each kind to each province, no I matter what the size of the -constituencies may be. "Tetn great part of his essay is devoted to exposing and denouncing the inequalities of existing constituencies. As between the classes In each province the injustice would be Still more fisgraut. Artisans add labourers, forming, perhaps, *98 per cent, of the whole papulation, weald have two re presentatives. Clerks, shopmen, and retail traders, forming perhaps 6 per -cent., would; have other two. Allowing a filth for women, who would fall Area into the hands of the' prok-tareat, fourteen out of thcxineteen would, remain for the ipropertied class—the class; ■which is already -so much over-represented, j Properly would 'have fourteen votes in Par liament for ft? eter cent, of population. Humanity would have five -votes for 35 per cat. of the population. Though the working classes were to combine in each province and never miss a seat, they couid only send up fifty representatives; but Mr.-Gladstone's Bill, which is being so very much abused, would give them a hundred and- thirty. Democratic Australia is thus practically -not half so liberal as Tory England. Mr. Wilson, in his excessive love of statistics, has stumbled on a reproduc tion of the Reman Cotaitia—a plant, or rather a fossil which it will take 'him a long time to acclimatize in England. We have tested the principle of this eobsme, -«nd made some enquiry -into the probable working of it. : In conclusion, we may, putting «ut of sight its inherent-defects, ask what use it would he in removing the evils of thepre -eeut system? As regards the working-classes, these evils are-twofold. First, the want even of a nominal franchise ; and,-secondly, the wac& of pewer to use the franchise vreth advantage ifthey had it. There ore many working men olready es/the electoral roll, but have bo genuine representative in the House; and though by the carrying of the present.-Rill their numbers were to be doubled, still they would have oo genuine representative. -Ac Mr. Milt pointed out, it is one thing to have so tnctiy nominal votes and another thing to mske them effectual. They may be con centrated and organized so es to command a msrority, or they may be diffused and isolated sa as to be always in a minarife. Ml'. Wilson's scheme, instead-of aiming tc secure for tin working men the practical efieetof their votes— in other words, ® due share ofezpresentation— makes it impossible for thereto obtain more than shrilling percentage of the power ostensi bly conferred on -them. :It does deliberately and to £ .greater extent whafrtheqsrescnt system does accidentally. £t would pin them down to fifty members in a House of six hundred and fifty-eight. This is a theoretic obstacle, however; -hut there is also a practical or.c. It has been said, and the saying is-scqueetion ably true, .that the working merfs interests -will never be properly legislated upon .cntil working men themselves can get into the House to .explain and advocate them. But at present toe House cs practically closed against them; and how ? By the exysase of .elections as now .conducted. We believe that •threigh universal suffrage were established in England to morrow, this single circumstance wouta neutralize its conscq&ences;, and keep political power ic the hands of its present holders. Philosophic Radicals like John Stuart Mill know that practically the Reform question turns oe the division of the electoral districts and the mode of conducting elections far more thau on the mere limit of the franchise. The latter will sink soonc-r or later till it tocludea every citizen not specially disqualified, but on the former depends the real balance of political power. As soon as Mr. Gladstone's, or some other Franchise Bill is passed, the mode of voting, which is in reaiity the pivot of the Constitution, will be made the eubj.ct of reform. A principal aim iu such reform will be so to reduce the expense of elections that no candidate may derive material advantage from the mere length of his purse. Then will be the working man's opportunity. How, let us see how Mr. Wilson's scheme would apply in such a contingency. Mirabile dicta! It would make elections cheap and easy to the rich man, and expensive only to the poor man ! Take, for example, Province A, with a million of electors. Say that the labourers, the artisans, ani the women numbered 900,000. They would have ninc-tentlia of the expense of the election, and less than a sixth part of the representatives—three out of nineteen. How different would it be with the landowners or the backers, who, not exceeding in number a few hundreds, could arrange to dine together on election-day and choose their nominee between their first and second bottles of cham pagne. One would fancy that was democracy turned upside down ! Carl Maria von Weber, from the German of Baron Max von Weber, by J. Pae geave Siiirsox (London: Chapman and Hall, 1S65). Hext week we hope to find the Adelaide public enjoying heartily the Grand Opera, which is " far to exceed any previous effort." From highwaymen to "La Fille du Regi men'," and from money at 12J per cent, to " Li Sonnambula," is a change that ought to be appreciated anywhere. To promote as far as possible this amiable state of mind, we propose to throw out a few explanatory hints on operatic literature, or rather operatic bisgrapby. The book vrhieh appears most suitable to introduce such a subject is a life of the eminent composer, von Weber (the author of" Dcr Freiscburz") which appeared in London some months ago. Weber, though by no means the greatest artist Germany has produced—for his name must he placed after Beethoven's and Mozart's —is in some respects the best representative of the musical genius of Germany. Though epigrams generally are apt to strain the truth in csndensing it, this of our biographer is both correct and happy in its application. "Beethoveninhis'Symphsnies' hadrepresented the German soul in all itB depths. Goethe in his 'Faust' kad incorporated its intellectual spirit. Weber in his * Der Freischutz* sang forth its heart." Without distinctly aiming at a national or patriotic muse, Weber had the good fortune to be accepted as such by his fellow-countrymen. He was made the champion of the German against the Italian school, and the first appearance of each of his later operas wb6 hailed almost as a national event Much of this honour Weber owed to his mobility of character, which enabled him to throw himself heartily, yet not unreflectingly, into every great current of public feeling. His short life of struggle and suffering waB cast in an eventful epoch. Born on the eve of the French Revolution, while still a child he com menced his wanderings over the length and breadth of Europe, and everywhere the drams of the revolutionary wars spread itself out before him. From the Prince's Court to the peasant's cottage, all were thrown into confu sion, and young Weber, in kicking about like a ball of fortune, had to rub shoulders with all of them by turns. The book before us pre sents one of the most complete pictures that could be given of German society in its most historical-volcanic or Napoleonic period. Close oa eighty years ago a hairbrained but otherwise gifted musical enthusiast at Cutui, near Hamburg had a son bom to him who was destined to develop the family enthusiasm and the family talent to a world-wide celebrity. The father was originally from Upper Austria, where his ancestors had been cons of t he purest blood, with a considerable amount of property | to support it. To say that they had in (hern an hereditary vein of music would but faintly convey the truth. They had sot only a passion, but a mania for music and dramatic art in general, which, though pleasant enough at the time, was ruinous iu its ultimate consequences. Between the stage and the Thirty Tears' War they lost all their property, and having done so the transition from landless squires to traveling actors was neither very slow nor very great. Franz Anton, the father of the composer, was in early life a dashing young officer and a popular opera-singer by turns. As he advanced in years his dramatic taste acquired exclusive control ever him. Though he had married very respectably, and received a good fortune by his wife, yet he could not fceep off the stage. Time, money, talent, and all he had was squandered before the footlights—all went to feed his passion for music and popular applause. When used up himself he turned to his children to obtain through them the glory he had been unable to reacli. Hi9 paternal feelings were poisoned by the inveterate mania; he would be the father of a musical prodigy like Mozart—who by the way had married a niece of his—and the erratic education of his sons was directed exclusively to this end. His wife died brokenhearted at his recklessness and extravagance. Still he did not relinquish hiB strange claim on posterity. At the ripe age of fifty he married a young giri of sixteen a Viennese; who in due time (it was on a ■cold win.ry night in 11186. and in a poverty stricken cottage at Cutin aforesaid) bore him a child—a sickly boy, whom the vain-glorious | father had christened Carl Maria Friadrich Ernst, after his patron Duke Friederich August of Schlcswig-Holsteiu. Tho poor young mother did not- relish a play-actor's life anv more than ■ her predecessor had done. Tho fatigues and privations and disappointments it retailed : crushed iter in the bloom of her womsubood. She died in before filer boy had reached his twelfth year. Henceforward Carl'- 5ife was to he a -con tinual cultivation of tnusic under difficulties. First came the learning of it under a aeries of masters, who had to be sought -cwt from one end of Germany to the other, and when found were as diverse in -style as an age of diversity and chaos could make them. Then followed the hard practice-of it in theatres, at concerts, at '■Courts, and wherever a florin could be •earned; the daily struggle for breed and for a friendly recognition of the divine gift within diHE ; both difficult ofcjecte to obtain from a 'harassed impoverished public. last of all, when lie had secured himself against famine, came the great struggle for feme—the -endeavour to please not only one audience, but a werld—to satisfy not -only the; passing moment, but the vast uncertetiv future. In all these-stages of htstlife Weberwas familiar with toil The music which has given so much pleasure to mankind was wrung from hie heart with many a -pang, and tfee rendering -of it when created cost him many another psag. Every particle-cf his strength and of his happiness he surrendered to his profession, and when it had got from him everything—his "Lvre.a-.id Sword," his "ilcbilee Ckatats," "Der dTreischutz," " Euryantke" and ■** Oberon"—-the worn-cut artist passed away tinscen in the ariiiaess of night under the roof of a -stranger, and 'hundreds of miles from the hoeom of his femily, which - his last desire on- earth -had been to are once more. Phyeioelly speaking,-he had lived hut half of his natural life, for-he was underifcrty when-he died. Tew instances of audi -self-denying consdextiouB devc-tian to art are -recorded in history. Weber was, on die whole,-fortunate with-hts teachers; though >i>cne of them -were really eminent men—TaJed, at Munieh, and Abbe Voglett at Vienna, having been the most nolable-of them in -their own generation. In hisTltk year lie.&vt; courted public attention as a-composer, but-ae a player he had already acquired some reputation, even in sueh towns as Erfurt, Goths, and Leipsic. His if ret opera was produced in bis 13th year—"A. grand romantic comic opeeef* according to the play bill, wilt, a name to match, " Tho -Dumb Girl of the Sparest." :In October, 1SOO, .it was represented at Chemaitz, in Saxony, with decided euccess, and afterwards at EYei berg, the famous mining town, with ;a less flattering result. His next attempt was a buffj operetta, " Peter.fiehmoll and his Neigh bours," wkicb, as -tho critics assured him, showed varjr considerable progress • hut the Augsburg public, who had the first hearing oi it in -1803, seem to have been unappreoiative. Chagrined at the slights hia young prodigy, Franc Anton started fo Vienna to have a fresh trial en a larger stage Vienna waB then the chosen home of the Fine Arte, music ia particular. It bad beeu honoured hv the presence of Efoz-irt, Haydn, Eesikoreu, and a best of minor luminaries who .elsewhere would have ranked in the first class. Here Weher enjoyed tivc tuition of Abtu Vogler, got by degrees into geed eocie.fr, soon learned to -imitate its manners feoih bad and good, ana in short, began to sow his siid oats. Before long an opening occurred for him to the regular exercise of his profession. At the recommendation of the Ah be he was appointed conductor < f toe o-;era at Brc- slau, a town of some importance in Silesia, whose proximity to the Austro- Prussian frontier msy bring it into notice again one of these days should war really break cut. Weber had not passed | through any of the subordinate grades of orchestral duty, and this combined with his extreme youth—he was only 18—secured for him a very jealous reception from his future colleagues. Conscious of his poire-, he pro ceeded to exercise hie office regardless of all personal drawbacks, difficulties, and dangers. This firmness ultimately won ever many to his side, and provoked others to open enmity aqainst him. Life ended with him as it here began—many warm friends on the one side, and bitter enemies on the other. The talent for organization he dis played, and the energy of his habits, enabled him greatly to elevate the character of the opera ; but his innovations appear to have been too sweeping—neither the temper of the company nor the funds of the direction could stand them. Retrenchment was imperatively demanded ; and, in fact, it was neede j quite as much iu the artist's own private affaire, for he had all this while been sowing his wild oats freely. Like most men of geniup, he allowed the Gordian knot to tighten around him until there seemed no hope of escape, and then he ; cut it by sending in his resignation. Thus ended his first professional engagement. From I the worry and tumult of Breslau be took refuge for a time at Carlsrulie, the Silesian country-Beat of Prince Eugen Friedrich of Wurtemburg, an enlightened, amiable man, as p-inceB go, who imitated Maecenas to tho best of his ability. This period of arcadian bliss was sudd'nly terminated in tho autumn of 1S06 by the Duke receiving an order to join his regiment in the field. He bad a brother in Stuttgart, the Wur temburgian capital, who wanted a private secretary, not so much to mausge his property SB to assist him in getting credit and to shield him from an increasing army of creditors. This impccunioos Prince—Ludwig Friedrich by name—hid been a notorious personage in his time—unsuccessful candidate for the throne cf Poland, and unlucky hunter of various other brilliant shadows. Now that all was over he had returned to the paternal Court of Stutteart, where he lived a most riotous life and left to the public or his royal brother the honour cf paying his score. The royal brother himself—Ring . Friedrich—was quite of a feather, as far as rioting went, but, being king, he was less troubled with financial conse quences. He had been one of the favourite generals of Frederick the Great, and now that his shadow-hunting was also finished he fell back on sensuality of the most outrageous kind. The Court of Stuttgart in 1807, when Weber joined it, was a characteristic relic of the pre-revolution age. Majesty had got so fat that a semicircular hole hod to be cut in its dining-table to enable it to feed comfortably. Msjesty was so jealous of its subjects' loyalty that if any one dared to pass its palace with head covered, even in the wildest weather the sentinels had orders to knock off the offending hat and confiscxte it. Court morality was copied and improved upon by ail classes. Vice itself web not only reduced to system, but the vicious were organized into Clubs to facilitate the practice of it; one of these Clubs-athe young noblemen's—having wen°PP^rPr!ate nome of " Faust's Bide to j V Leber's 5ature was essentially sound and healthy, or it could never have escaped from a moral slough like this. As it was, it euffered serious contamination; the wild oats of Stuttgart being as much wilder than those ! of Breslau as the Breslau oats had been wilder : than those of Vienna. Even in this sul phurous and stormy atmosphere he centinued to cultivate his geiiius, producing among a senes of occasional pieces a new opera— ~i8 Sylvana." It was an elaboration of his first one—"The Dnmb Girl of the Forest" — but so fully matnred that for several years—in fact, almost till the advent of "DerFreischntz"—it was the mainstay of his reputation. Weber's departure from Stutt gart forms a painted pas saga in his history. The old father, Praia Anton, now verging towards dotage, bad misapplied some money of i the Duke's tbst had fallen into his bands. The f unfortunate son's efforts to repair the mischief ] made it worse, and in the end they were both disgraced and banished from the kingdom. The only extenuation that can be offered for I Weber is that bis judges had led liim into the ] sin for which they judged him, and irerc them selves far greater sinners than he. But the change itself was a blessing, however unfor tunate the circumstances. Warned by bis j disgrace, the artist here finished his wild oats sowing, and henceforth devoted himself ear nestly to his noble art. The exiles turned their faces northward to the Bihcingau, and found their haven of refuge at Manheim, where the musical traditions of | Carl Thcodor's Court still lingered. Weber soon raised up for himself a host of friends here and in the neighbouring towns—Heidel berg and Darmstadt. With their assistance he I got up concerts, the results of which were ! always more flattering than profitable; but one ' way or another he contrived to cam an honest i livelihood, however humble. Hearing that his old master, Abbe Vogler, had joined the Court j of Darmetait, he removed thither and renewed bis studies. Among his new pupils Vogler had one who was destined to do him as much credit as the brilliant von Weber. This was Jacob Meyerbeer, the ton o! a rich banker in Berlin. Though as yet hardly sixteen years of age, his execution on the piano was marvellous, and he had pub lished some minor compositions, including the ! '• Sacred Songs of K'opstock," which were far above mediocrity. It wa3 in this year 1S10 | that the idea of his " Der Freischu'z" first occurred to Weber. He and his friend von j Dutch were lounging one summer evening in the drawing-room of the Stift Neuburg at Heidelberg, when on old book, " A/el's Ghost j Stories," fell into their hand". They akimmed it over listlessly till they came to a story entitled "Der Freischu'z'. A glance at its contents caused Weber to exclaim, " What | a splendid subject for an opera." The book was carried oil' to Manheim, aad a libretto | sketched cut which was to be written by von Dusch. But that honour was destined j for another, and the sketch had to wait seven years till it was filled up and ready for the great artist's hand. Meanwhile Weber busied himself with the composition of " Abu Hassan," a sparkling oriental piece, the libretto of which bed been written for him by an old Stuttgart friend, Hiemer. In the uuturan of 1810 he had the pleasure of -seeing his " Sylvana" put on the stage at Frankfort, when the part of the dumb girl was taken by Caroline Brandt, bis future wife. It was an unquestionable success as far as applause went, though, the pecuniary results baraly reached the moderate Kmit of IGO florrr.s. In the beginning of 1811 Weber got disgusted with Darmstadt—" this leathern old town," as he called it—and he set out again into the world as a wandering minstrel. His Rheingau friends were the warmest and truest he ever tad, and how he felt towards them be showed in his exquisite song " The Artist's Farewell," which he extemporized on the piano the night before his departure. Like a true bsli of fortune Weber now gravitated eastward again to where he had commenced his professional career. His route is traceable - by the concerts be gave, most oi tbem successful, especially towards the close ol the series, -fa this way he passed through Giessen, Asshaffenburg, Wurzburg, Bamberg, Erlangen,«ntL Nuremberg, halting at Munich, where, on the 10 th June, bis " Abu Hassan" ifiret saw the footlights. Notwithstanding I false alarm cf.n'e raised in the middle of it, il gaTC immense pleasure to the music-loving, sensuous Munichcrs. With purse replenished the artist eeb-off at a tangent into Switzerland, and spent-csveral happy months mcuntain climbing in-the Oberland, or giving concerts in the priodpal tewns he passed through. Starting from Munich -on a fresh tour he went through Bohemia and Hast Germany, ending at Weimar, where he met Goethe, who strange to nay treated him will haughty reserve. The poet, however .ranch be loved the drama, loved it only after .his own fashion, which was the stiff classical. Music he had but little affinity foe, especially popular music, and Weber, as an exponent of the-Idler, could never obtain more -than bare civility from him in return for the moet ardent admiration. This " starring" ex pedition terminated at Berlin in 1S12. The artist was specially anxious to try his fortune ia the northern capital, which, under Frederick the'Great and his successors, had been trained to eueh a degree of musical taste as to rival the older repu'atio i of Munich and Vienna. Moreover, there was an essential difference between the two tastes—that of the North was critical and philosophicj of the South sensuous and ethereal; the one aimed at a national sehool of music ; while the other was content ts go on blindly worshipping the Italian school. Weber attached vital importance to his reception at Berlin, and the event proved that he Lad augured wisely. One of the great struggles of his life commenced here—against ths Italian influence which had taken posses sion of Germany. Everywhere else it ap peared invulnerable; here it was declining beDe&tli; the strong pressure of a latent national feeling. Ths inherent antagonism between his genius and that of Italy first broke out in Beriin, and in the struggle which ensued he unconsciously identified himself with the popular cause, or rather the people identified their caaec with hir. The innumerable obstacles thrown in his way by the directors of the opera, who had no wish to allow such a rival to scqoire a footing amongst their, had at last to yield to his determined persercrance, and his " Sylvana" was presented to an enthusiastic audience. From that night the " pert Suabian puppy," as his rivals called him, was a favourite in Berlin. Sion afterwards he bound himself | irrevocably to the popular—the national— heart, by sotting to inuric tho patriotic songs of Thecdor Kb.-ner. His " Lyre and Sword" would have immortalized him in Prussia even had "D;r Freischu'z" never been written. With his triumph at Berlin Wcbsr's wan dering life was brought to a close. In the following year, 1813—the never-to-be-forgotten year of the Liberation War—he was appointed Musical Director to the Prague Theatre. His youth was no longer against him, for he was turned six-and-twenty, and there fore tue high qualities as condnctor which he had shown at Breslau eight years before had now free scope. But the result was much the j same. His enthusiastic enterprise, while it. gained many firm friends, made as many enemies, and between the two there was a dubious array of rivals. The public did justice to his management by their plaudits; but the treasury did not respond to their notions of I success. In the end of 1816 his Director, a liberal man named Liebich, died, and the op portunity was taken to insist on retrenchment. Weber replied in his old style by cutting the Gordian knot. After a temporary residence at Bt riin he received an appointment at Dresden as Royal Capell-Meistcr, and entered on his new duties m the spring of 1817. Hence forward till his death he continued in the service cf the Ssxon Court, and a very thankless dis agreeable service it must have been to such a man. To begin with, the old King, never very amiab'e, was smarting under tbe.shame caused by the partition of his kingdom. In the nc-xt place the Court was a select stronghold of the Italian school of music. The nobility, depen dent entirely on their Court connection, and afraid to think a thought or do au act which they had not learned from their ancestors, shraiik in horror from an innovating spirit like Weber's. TkG latter had very few friends in high life, and the materials from which he had to form his staff were primitive in the ex treme. Vexations, disappointments, and in sults came to him as regularly as his daily bread, yet he persevered in conferring on his persecutors a blessing which they , could not appreciate, although their pos- 1 terity have learned to do it. Tourists ! who visit the Dresden Opera House now are j proudly reminded by the Dresden public that it is Weber's own monument which he reared for himself. Yes, a monument truly—the walls, the scenery, the magnificent music of ] which are tinged with the life's blood of the great composer. He poured out his noble gifts on Saxony in the richest profusion, and Saxony broke his heart by preferring the j empty brilliance of his Italian rival, Signor Morlsachi. Saxony was not all Germauy, however, much less was it all the world. For the latter it may have been a blessing that King Friedrich August—such was his for gotten share of the family nomenclature—. declined to have cantatas Enng to. him in his native language on his birthday. Weber may h_ve lost a few gold Bnuff-boxes and diamond rings by it, but he gained time to compose his greatest operas. The idea he had caught at Heidelberg from " Apel'e Ghost Stories" was still strong in his mind. At Dresden be found a person competent to take the place of von Dusch in writing a libretto. It was placed in his hands in the summer of 1817, and after getting it revised by Caroline Brandt—just on the eve of their marriage—he began the composition of the fsmonB opera. It is noted here when and how each of the principal airs took shape in the ; artist's mind before being incorporated in the work—a psychological study of no common interest. His friend Count Bruhl having heard of it bespoke it for the opening piece for the Schauspielhaus then being ereeited at Berlin. { Bat the Italian influence had revived, and was too strong again to permit neb as honour to be enjoyed by a "barbarian." On the 18th May, 1820, the a».niversaiy of the Battle of Belle-Alliance, the long-expected opera was produced to a house filled to suffo cation with students, men of science, artists, and the intelligent class of citizens—but hardly a single official or member of the Court party. The contest it involved between Weber and Spontini, the royal favourite—between the Hational and the Italian Schools—reminded the Volks-heer of their own Liberation War eight years before. And the issuo was equally glorious ; the whole audience—friends and enemies alike—were thrown into raptures of enjoyment. Within a few months the opera had been reproduced at every leading theatre in Europe, from St. Petersburg to London, and its airs were re-ecboed at every street-corner. Websr'a triumph was complete, and tlio classical critics bad to admit that after all there was such a thing as popular music. Forthwith he was besieged with requests for new operas. Barbaja wrote from Vienna; various theatre managers wrote from Paris; and Charles Ketnble, then lessee of Covenb Garden, put in a word for the honour of Bog-, land. Weber entered first into negotiation, with Vienna, and knowing well the tsste of the - Viennese, he resolved to show them that he could compose classical music, too, if he pleased. He was not, however, destined to be so forttmate in this line; not tbat he was. nnfit for it, for " Euryantho" is allowed to be in some respects a splendid opera; but circum stances were against liim. In an evil honr he employed an eld "bluestocking" in Dresden to write a libretto for him—and such a libretto ! It would have been booted out of a book of survery tales. Then he found a very inferior company in Vicuna, tlio only star in it being Henriette Sontsg. Bosrini, who bad just pre ceded him, had tl e advantage of one of the most magnificent companies ever seen on a stage. How could " barbarians" and " ama teurs" compete with such a combination as Lablache, David, and Donizslli, with Madame Foder and the composer's own wife, Colbran- - Rossini? Weber's opera was received with applause enough; but its success was short lived. A favourabla first bearing was nil that ever could be obtained for it in any theatre. Vet Weber and many of his friends considered it bis greatest opera. In fact, the public taste and his own ran so completely counter that ho grew to hate the name of "Dsr Freischulz." The artist, already brought near to death's door by his vexations and exertions, was to have one more great triumph before his sun set for ever. This was at London in tlio opera of " Oberon," written for Charles Eemble to the libretto of Plane! f. Me went over in the early spring of 1826, hardly expecting ever to return; but come whet might, he felt impelled to it for the sake of the family he was soon to leave poor and fatlierlear. Hitherto he had been able to save little until bis own and his father's debts were paid off, which he did to the last farthing. Afterwards he lost a considerable sum through the failure of a Bank in Prague. At forty he found himself with a broken constitution, and but little provision made for the future. The last actinhislife drama . was almost heroic—from Ioto to do what love most revolted from. But the trial was not quite so hard aB he had. feared.. The reception, he met with in London touched, him to the heart. No student lungs in Fatherland.— strong as they are—had ever given kirn such a greeting as did plebeian London. Even at Berlin he had never met with kinder friends in private life. Saving the aristocracy, whom he had little intercourse wit}?, and that not of «■ very gratifying kind, hfc was delighted with all lie saw in England. But the work he had to> undergo was enormous—rehearsals,, concerto, . eight-seeing, and finally the production of Oberon.' It was ready in April, and then came the last of the three great events in Weber's life. The Covent Garden audience received "Oberon" with wild and incessant acclamation, and at the close the favourite artist had to appear before the curtain —the first occurrence of the kind in England. Weber a mission was neerly accomplished now, and there was hope for him that ho might live to see Dresden once more; but it was not to r « £n the,?1(>rni!1S af'cr the representation ol 'Oberon" bis servant took in aomo medicine to him, but, instead of taking it as u-ual, he said, "Go! Go! no doctoi's tinkering can help me now. The tnacliine is shattered. But, ah ! may God in His mercy grant that it may hold together till I can embrace my Lina and my boys once more." But though evidently dying on his feet, he still persisted in his labours—no longer for himself; but for the professional friende who had won his Jove, and who deemed his presence at thsir benefits a high honour. On the evening of the 3rd June he was last seen in life. Next morning, when his servant went to call him, he was found with bis head rested on his left hand as if in tranquil sleep—but it was the sleep of death. Thus in the house of Sir George Smart, and among people ho had never seen till a few weeks before, the great national musician of Germany breathed his last In 1844 his remains were conveyed to Dresden and buried in the family vsult—buried amid the touching strains of a funeral march he had himself composed in his early youth at Bretlsu, Five years ago a statue by Bietochel was erected to him near ibo theatre which he had identified with his name; but it is still the theatre thst if his best mpnur.ent, next to big own immortal music. 