THE OLOSED STAIROASE. (Fro!m O,,nce-a- Ifc.) I -wAs walling up and down thoe cloistered court of St. Oswald's, with my friend 3Bryce, one evening early in the Lent Term of 185-. It was only my second term of residence, and as ]3ryco was on the point of taking his degroo I regarded him with a considerable amount of respect-not to say awe-for iho it was who allowed mo to rub off my fresh noss upon him, and saved mo, by many a timely hint, from several of the errors and lauchwries incidental to the uninitiated in unmdorgraduato lifo. I had fagged for him at school, and the mutual friendship once begun there, and interrupted for a snaco of throo years by his residence in the university, had now sprang up again more warmly than over. And now, meeooting again after the vaca tion, which he had spent in hard reading in his collegoe rooms, there was the usual com paring of notes on every conceivable subject, slipping by imporceptible gradations from slkating to politics, from politics to theology, and thence round again (taking in the origin of evil and tihe intermediate stato of oxistence by the way) to tlhe chances that so-and-so had of obtaining the vacant university schlolarship. At last it seeoomed as if we had pretty well exhausted ovorytlhin convorsa blo; tlhe current of our talk flowed in a shallower and still shallower stream, and we wore on the point of separating for thoe night, which was far advanced, wheon a casual question of mine altered tlho whole course of affairs, and kept us out of our beds for a considerable period longer. It arose thus: From the court at regular intervals staircases opened, oachl one loading to three or four different sets of rooms, all with their occu pants, as there was noveor a soet of rooms vacant for any length of time in college. But in one part of the court, at the south corner, whore, in the natural course of things, one would have expected to see a staircase likewise, there was simply a door shut close. Passing it for perhaps the hun dredth time in our circuit of the court, I care loessly kicked against it, noticed that it was. fast, and. had no handle, keyhole, or other means of opening; and turning to Bryce, asked whether a sham door was supposed to be either useful or ornamental by the intel ligent architect of the court. To which he replied, with rather a moaning smile: " Decidedly useful in this case, if tradition is to be believed." "VWhat," said I, "is there some special and peculiar vintage of old port, reserved for thl most solemn carouses of most ancient follows, to which admission is gained by a secret spring, known only to the hereditary inviolable butler ?" "No," said he, laughing. "Bottles, if any be behind that door, must deserve the sobriquet we give to empty ones, as we roll them into the corner of the room at supper time-dead men. However, if you chooso to hear the story as it was told to me by an old tutor, who was a junior fellow of St. Oswald's when the events causing that door to be closed took place (here he gave it another kick, which made me cold to my toes), and if you will do me the justice to beliovo that I am not practising on your ingenuous innocence, I am entirely at your service." Of course I gladly assented, and though I had felt so sleepy five minutes since, at that moment I could have warranted to keep awake for a week. Bryce started off with the story, which I give in his own words, as far as I can romember them: " I think I came up heoro bettor initiated than most moen in the lore of tlhe university, owing to old Johnson, who spent at least half tile time when ho ought to have boon polishing up my Grook Iambics, in reciting thrilling tales of his own undergraduato lifo; striking, undoubtedly, most of them wore, and much bettor fun than composing a dialogue (a long way) after Soploolos; none of them have, however, retained so firm a hold on my mind as the ono connected with, or rather sealed by tli door. It ap pears that ono of his most intimate friends, named Marsdon, moved into those rooms only a short time befro his degreo, having previously kept in tihe town. Tile college was not then so full as now; many other colleges which have now sunk into compara tivo insignificance by the side of St. Oswald's, wore then competitors with it in point of numbers; and he chlose these rooms as being in a quiet and retired corner of the court, whore he might adventure that often repeated, but generally unsuccessful, ex periment of making up for three years' lazinoss by three months' reading. Ieo had got comfortably settled in the rooms, and had begim carefiully to parcel out the day, as is the custom of reading men, into slabs of duty, moeals, and exercise. One ovoning, it was the 15th November, 179--(hlo Ihad overy reason to recollect the date), hlo was returning home rather later than usual, having been detained at his coach's rooms over an unusually rofractory and hysterical Groelk chorus, when hlo noticed in ascending tho stairs to his rooms an unusual illumina tion in the sitting-room. Not being suro whether he might not have loft his candles burning, or whether his bodmnakoer, who was not avorse to brandy, had fallen a victim to spontaneous combustion, and was an unwilling holocaust on his hearth, he hurried up and in, when a most remarkablo sight presented itself. The room was bril liantly lighted by wax candles, fixed in sconces against the wall, and in massive candlabra, evidently old colloege plato, vnicil were set on the tublo; tho taobl tsolf oxtended from end to end of the apartment, and on each sido were seated young men in the dross of the end of the sovontoenth or early part of the eighteenth century, carousing much after tlhe manner of thoeir descendants of the nineteenth. The post of chairman was occupied by a remark ably handsome young fellow, somewhat older apparently than the rest, and with a countenance which bore unmistakoable traces of dissolute living, and who seemed every now and then troubled by some un pleasant thought which clouded his brow, though he was the lifo of the party, and seemed to be continually firing off fresh witticisms to keep them going. But still his mind was evidently not there; he kept glancing at the door, as though oxpecting some one to enter; and now Marsdon noticed for the first time that tihe seat on the right hand of the hlost was vacant. No sooner lhad lihe noticed this (for he stood at his own door spell-bound, but witlh every faculty, save that of speech, at its oxtromost tension), tlian the seat was filled, and filled by a fair young man, whoso boyish and innocent cast of features strangely contrasted with that of the head of the table. Over the face of this latter, as the youth entered, there seemed to pass a malicious smile, as he lifted his glass, and pledged the now comer. While this was going on, Marsdon was not conscious of hearing any sound, nay, by a sort of double sense, while kept alive to the quasi-reality of the scone before him, he could see, as in a shadowy back ground, his own books, sur mounted by his own bust of Plato, which looked far more ghost-like than the ghostly banqueters. "And now the drinking seemed to becomo fierce; the youth on the right hand, who at first refused wine, was yielding to the polite entreaties of his next noighbour (who again motioned to the servants to replenish his glass), and was gradually becoming flushed and heated. The whole company appeared to got dis orderly, healths woro drunk with groat rapidity, and all the woll-iknown accompani monts of under-graduate suppers in their most advanced stage, sooeemed to be taklinfg place ; and just at this time Marsdon noticed that the countenances of all the others, witlh the oxception of the fair guest, woro such as would stamp them as belonging to what we should call the worst set; and their expros sion was not improved by intoxication. At last all seemed to be either asleep or maudlin, save the host and his next neigh bour, who, doubtless firom the latoeness of hIis arrival, together with his abstemious ness at first, had thus held out. 3sut now he too seemed rapidly becoming likro tihe rest, when on a sudden the host rose, went to a small cabinet (for the servants had quitted the room), and toolc thence a small bottle labelled ' toklay.' Fiillng a glass, he handed it to his friend, who drank it off with a sort of foolish half-tipsy smile; but in one instant the smile changed to an ex pression of pain, then to one of horror, and thon, as ho caught the eye of the host fixed on him in malicious triumph, to one of in doescribable hate. Mlaking a violent oeffort to rise from his chair, and a fruitless one to clench his fist and strike his foe, his whole frame relaxeod and fell forward, and at tihe same Ihoment there was a hideous groan, and the whole sight- supper, guests, poisoner, and poisoned-vanished, and the room was in utter darkness. 0 5 " Marsdon awolioke to find himself in his bed, diligently attended by his old bed malker, who was giving him and herself alternate spoonsful of brandy and water. "The state of insensibility in which she had found him, required, alas i no explana tion from him in her eyes, and it was not a very uncommon experience of hers to dis cover her young gentlemen, one or more of them, prone on the floor, rather than on the beds, of their apartments on her arrival in the early mornings, and had she sought for or expected any account, Marsdon was by no means in a humour to give one. At first, indeed, he made up his mind to tell nobody, and of course, ton minutes afterwards, when his friend Johnson came into hIis room, he detailed his strange vision of the preceding night at length. Sad to say, Johnson's countenance expressed the belief that Marsden lhad returned for one night at least to the somewhat reckless orgies which had adorned his early terms of residence, and was suffeoring in con soequonco tlhereof, and his only comment on the story was, 'my dear follow, if you will go on getting drunk up to the threshold of your degree you will most un doubtedly beo plucked.' So Marsden said no moros, and merely contenting himself with writing a brief abstract of that scene which hie hIimself know not how to account for, he did tihe most sensible thing under the cir cumstances, and tried to forget all about it. A month rolled by, the term waned, all but a few steady readers wore departing, or had departed, to their hIomes for Christmas. The fifteenth of December was just closing in, gloomy and damp, and Mtarsdon settled, with a wearied sigh at the vanity of lifo such as is not uncommon at two-and-twenty, to his books. Wonderful to relate, he got interested, and several hours flow by with out his relaxing hIis attention. Howevor, on lookling at his watch, and seeing it close on midnight, ho was drowsily determining to go to bed, when on a sudden his whole room seemed to become illuminated. He was at the time standing at an upright desk for reading in one corner of his room, and instantly faced about. To his horror and astonishmont, Iso belold tie same scone already described, of the supper, and the poisoning, re-onacted in every particular. "'<VWe shall got you better soon, old boy,' said Johnson to him, as lhe bent over him about a fortnight after the above date; 'but you have succeeded in reading yourself into a brain fever, and may consider yourself lucky that you have escaped with no worso consequences than temporary baldness, and the appetite of an ostrich.' "L Marsden replied by two questions: "<What day of the month is it? and when can I be moved ?' " 'It is the second of January, and in about a fortnight's time we may get you away from heroe.' "To Johnson's surprise, and almost alarm, Marsden sprang up in bed, and soizing him by the arm, said: " If you don't got me away in less than a fortnight you may spare yourselves the trouble, for the undertakers will do the job moro satisfactorily.' " Jolhnson endeavoured to quiet him, thinking not unreasonably, that the fever liad not yet left him, and indeed he was worso for some hours afterwards. But later in the evening hlie repeated the story he had told to my old tutor six weeks before; and Johnson sensibly informed the doctor, when hlie called, of his friend's dread of a repetition of the same scenes on the corresponding day of January, if hlie woro suffered to remain so long; and with considerable risk to Marsden, happily unattended with bad results, he was moved out on the fourteenth of that month. "The rooms have never since beeoon ocou pied." ? Weoll," said I, as Bryce paused here, "lhad no one the courage to brave the spectral symposium ?" ""Yes," said hle, " the next night Johnson made a point of sitting up in the rooms, but he unfortunately had taklen so much in the way of gentle stimulants to nerve him for the expected terrors, that he awoke, after a somewhat uncomfortable slumber, at four o'clock in the morning of tie 16th, to find himself in profound darkness, and with a violent cold in the head." "But," said I again, "was no explana tion ever offered of the extraordinary scene of whliclh Marsden was witness ?" "Only this," replied Bryce; "some weeks afterwards, when he was slowly recruiting his health at his father's house in Leicestor shlire, hle found among a bundle of old papers in a disused room, a strange con fossion of an ancestor of his, whom he had hleard of as a wild fast liver, who had sud- -' donly sobered down, gone abroad, and turned monk, but of whose history little was known. The manuscript contained a very ordinary account of love and jealousy, in duced by a hlandsome young rival in the affections of a certain young lady, ending withl an obscure vow of vengeance against hlim. Then came a blank, and afterwards those singular words: " 'Nov. 16, 169-: Good God! am I to go through that horrible evening again? Not a soul but myself knows or suspects that I had anything to do with his death, they put it down to excessive drinking and excitement; and hero am I forced by some frightful fate to commit the same crime in spirit as each fiftoeenth day of the month comes round! Forgive me, oh God!--but I know it cannot be. I must carry abouta living hell with me till I die !' Here the MS. ceased abruptly. Whether its conteonts were intended to be made known by tee un happy nan (who before the end of the year had quitted England for ever), or to be left in obscurity, it is impossible to, say. At any rate, the narrative was net found till the time I mention, and I neeood hardly say materially retarded MarJden's recovery. e was never able to ascortain whether the vision had appearece to others before his time, or whether, as a descendant of the murderer he had been specially favoured in the matter. Nobody else ever repeated the experimont, which failed in Johnson's case, for the story came to the master's ears, and as the rooms occupied by Marsden were not particularly convenient or particularly wanted, and as he had a great dislike, as he said, to further addling the brains of under graduato members of the college by any additional distraction, he caused the door you seeo at the bottom of the staircase to be fixed firmly in its place; and it hasn't, as far as I am aware, occurred to any succeeding college authorities to have it opened since. But I do not despair of a sceance being held there yet, as there are one or two of the junior fellows who believe in that sort of thing and nothing else. But come," concluded Bryce, "I ought to have been in bed hours. ago, so, if my fire has not hopelessly sub sided, we will contrive a small jug of bishop before we turn in." W. J. L. 