SOPÉEME OOUST. t SATURDAY,'MAY 5,1866. . ( lOiviD SITTINGS. BEFORE.IÙS Honor tho Chief Justice. MONK, y. HARRIS.-{Resumed.) el J!r. Shaw'and'Mr. Cooper for plaintiff; tho Attornoy-Generol, Mr. Pring, and Mr. Bramston for defondant. U; Elijah Monk, the phintiff, re-called and ex- amined by Mr. .SHAW: Thore were other re- pairs dono bosides'thoBO already enumerated; now main-piece t» rudder and new case, two now warping ¿hooks to each bow, four bolaying pin racks, and belaying pins fitted, two saddles to masts, thumb and horn elects fitted to mast and voäsol's sides,1 oodar oight inches thick fitted to storn of vessel'for'cargo ; tho boat I spoke of yesterday was copper fastened ; the men worked ton hours a day, while other mon in tho port wero only working,»ight ; on or about January 3, defendant wished to know the expense up to that time ; I told' him thore had been about ¿180 paid in labor only ; defendant asked what check bo had against; witness for that timo ; I said I had not charged more time than had been worked, but that I would feel better satisfied if defendant would appoint some one to keep timo; I kept correct timo up to ihofinish by puttingit on o slate doily, and nt the end of tho woek put it in a book; I was away a fow days, but my brother was in my place ; whenever de- fendant proposed any alteration I pointed out tbo additional expense ; defendant said it would bo a very expensive toy ; the entrios in the book produced aro in my own handwriting. The witness here went through the wholo of' tho items set out in his particulars of claim, commenoing from the 24th October, 1865, and comprising over 500 items for materials pro- vided and labour. Examination continued: The invoices pro- duced aro for the articlos I have mentioned, and I paid for the whole, also for tho labor, sot ont in tho particulars from October 24 to Novombor 8 ; I chargod no profit on the materials, and have used the whole of thom on tho Homlot's Ghost ; I retained the ways of tho vessel by aggreemont, and gove Mr. Harris crodit for £5 for them ; except my own (the £16) profit charged on tho mon's labour, and the 4s a day for the apprentice, I was out of pocket the ' wholo amount I havo oloimod ; all tho work sot out was necessary to mako hor a good yacht ; tho work dono on hor was moro cxpensivo than building a now vessel ; I could build a vessel of her class for less than the repairs had cost. Cross-examined by tho ATTORNEY-GENEBAII : Mr. Harris poid mo £200 on account ; I have not claimed for any of the supplies reooivod from defendant in his ohargos ; dofondant suppliod'ono case of Muntz metal, six drums of raw oil, for making the shonang, (part of which was returned), the whcol of tho VOBSOI, the iron ballast, paid for all tho iron work, ono anchor and chain and kedge, wiro rope end blocks, brass wiro, glass for the windows, and a quan- tity of smiths' -work, and the galley stove and piping ; dofondant gavo directions to mo to carry on the work from time to time ; witness proposod the elliptic storn nnd tho stripping of nor ; it was impossible to carry out defendant's propositions without ; defendant suggested tho diagonal lining ; I never told dofendant that these alterations from timo to time would cost moro than double the cost of a new vosscl ; on or about January 3 I told Mr. Harris I had paid £180 for wages, but I did not tell him that it would then cost £400 moro ; I novor told dofendant it would cost moro to build a new vessel, nor that I would rather build a now i cssol than moko theso alterations ; I charged in my particulars £167 18s. lid. for materials and Ï570 4s. 3d. for labor in working thom up ; that was a fair chargo ; I worked for dofondant over two years ; defondant started mo as a ship- builder ; by tho particulars, if one man only had worked at the VOSBOI it would havo boon 019 days ; tho length of tho vessel was 50 foot, and breadth about 12 foot beam, and 30 tons, per Customs' tonnage only 10. [Witness hore looked nt Customs' certificate ; it is correct as Customs'measurement.] At the'samo timo as tbeso ropairs wore going on I was engaged on tho Rate, also on a Govornmont vessel ; I com- menced on tho Rate on tho 8th Doeombor, 1865, and on tho Government vessel the sarao day ; I havo had as many ns twenty men in my employ at ono time ; I ohargod dofondant for my own labor for tho Kate and tho Hamlet's Ghost tho same day, as while I tt as absent from ono I put my brother in my placo ¡ the account produced is mine, in that Í, on tho 18th January, charged 18s. per day for myself; from December 1st to 9th I charged in my particulars 15s.'per day for work on tile Hamlet's Ghost ; I ' also on the same day charged 18s. for work on the Kate ; it was usual for a master ship-builder to charge for himself; the account produced, dated Decem- ber 4, for work done on tho "Bard's Logaoy, in that I did not chargo for myself; in the accounts produced for'work doue on tho fol- lowing vossols, in January, 1865-on the Ellen Collins, also steamer' Nowra; in February Wild Wave, ketch Dauntless ; in January, 1866-Exchange ; in February there was no charge made for myself; on February 9 I chargod £1 Is. for a survoy of a vessel ¡ on that day I also charged for work on the GhoBt. [The witness was examined at length on a num- ber of accounts put in to Bhow that it had not been his practice to chargo for himself]. The wholo of the fastenings in the stern aro pure copper; I would swear I Buppliod the breast hook; the library was eighteen inches deep, with two doors ; the cabin table was mado of cedar, but not polished-it was eight feot by two, with twelve china knobs ; I got no percentage on the materials I charged for, except the Muntz metal, on which I had charged 2d. per lb. ; there was very little of the old Ghost-'loft now; de- fendant proposed the diagonal planking; when I first heaved up tho vessel tho gear broke and »ho wont into tho water ngain j Ï can swear she was not damaged by that ; there was novor any agreomont as to price, but I simply went on working ns instructed by dofendant. Re-examined by Mr. SHAW : I did not ohargo for anything in my account that defendant had supplied ; I told defendant from timo to timo as ho suggested the alterations that thoy would be vory expensive ; my brother was a competent porson to leave in my absence while working on tho Kate and others, and I charged for nvy brothor as for myself; on all occasions where I charged for myself double, one was for my brother who took my place. William Wilson Green, boat builder and ship- wright, examined by Mr. SHAW, deposed he had been working in the colony eight years ; knew the vessel called the Hamlet's Ghost ; worked on her last year from the 26th October, 1865, to the end of January ; after that he was work- ing in the plaintiff's boat shed alongside till the 2nd March ; about nine men on the average were employed on the Ghost ; he frequently saw the defendant there in conversation with the plaintiff; heard defendant say he was to haul her up and make a good job of it ; that would be about the 2nd November, heard plaintiff tell defendant that the alteration he suggested would be a very expen sive job, to which defendant replied that while he was there it would be well to make a good job of her, and he told the plaintiff to do so, noting that it would be an expensive toy; during thee time witness was at work on the Ghost plaintiff was continually there ; if he was away at any time his brother was there ; witness was paid at the rate of 12s. a day regularly every fotnight ; the alterations made were very extensive- anyone inspecting the vessel now could not possibly see what had been done, as tho most, difficult and expensive part of the work was hidden. it couid not be told by open- ing her here and there ; the only way it could be told was by stripping the whole of the out- side planking of her ; there had been more labor bestowed on her than would have built a new vessel ; less men worked the frame of a ship four times the tonnage of the Ghost, and in less time than it took to make her irregularities good ; in consequence of the frequent alterations a great deal of the previous work was rendered useless; he could speak to the following men as working with him- Andre McDonald, Ross, Banfield, John Davidson, James Allen, John Guthrie; Davidson and Guthrie are in Sydney, and Allen has gone home; Robert Hales, Charles Goodyer, Edward May, George Feint, and - Hennessy also worked with witness ; he believed they were all paid 12s. a day, except Feint, who was only a laborer. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : He was ,a master shipwright and builder, but had never built a larger vessel than the Ghost; they could not find out what had been done to the vessel in question without stripping off the out- side planking ; the work which had been done between the 24th October and 2nd November, and which was rendered useless, was of tho value of about £30 ; from the 4th to 14th or 15th November there wereon the average nine men a-day employed on the Ghost. John Miller, ship carpontor, oxnminod by Mr. SHAW, said he had been aeoustomod to work on largo vessels ; saw the Hamlet's Ghost whilo under repair ; saw a now keel, stem, and storn post put in, and her outside was being stripped j he aftorwards saw men at work fitting hor out ; she could not have boen made a good job of without doing that ; he next saw them forming an elliptio stern on her in the way as shown in the model ; that would bo both a troublesomo and exponsivo job ; ho saw hor again when sho was finishod ; from the nature of the work ho (witness) saw done on her,' no man could form an opinion without stripping tho outsido plank- ing off; ho had been himsolf over thirty years in the trado, and he considered the work woll done. Cross-examined by Mr. BRAMSTON : Could not say what was the cost of putting on tho elliptio storn, At this stage, it having been suggested that it would bo necessary for tho learned counsel and the jury to have a viow of the yacht, accom- panied by sàentifio men to explain the difforont points to them, the Court adjourned at fivo minutes to 3 to 10 o'clock on this (Monday) 'morning. 