The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER XXIII. By The Author of “Mildred's Wedding,” &c;, &c.; ON looking at Mrs. Norman, one recognised the same case and grace and fascination of manner that characterised her son; the beauty, too, and fine figure which he inherited were hers, but here the likeness cea«cd. The ex pression of tho two faces was utterly unlike, hers being sad and weary-looking, his indolent, gay, and careless. "Minnio," she said, as she stooped and kissed her, " I hope you have good news for me this morning." " I cannot tell you," aniwered Minnie. " All I know is that the letter is come for which my father has waited, and the lady whom he pre ferred to you is dead." "Dead!" repeated Mrs. Norman. "Surely that is good news. He will let you come to me now. He will not keep you shut up any longer in this gloomy way; he will let you see some thing of the gay world of Paris." "Or he may send me back to school," ob served Minnio gloomily. "Impossible, my door. Where is he? Let me speak to him." " You cannot speak to him now," returned Minnie. "He is much shocked at the sudden death of this lady, and he has shut himself in his own room." " Minnie, I will not ask who this lady is, be cause I am already hurt that my claims have been so lightly set aside for her. But now that she is dead, and all question of your being placed in her charge is thus laid at rest, I must say I shall feel that General Sinclair and I can be no longer friends if he refuses the proposi tion I have made. I will wait till his grief is somewhat allayed, and then I will see him and have a definite answer. I lovo you too well to bear suspense." Mrs. Norman said this in a slightly weary tone, and indeed the weariness of her whole aspect seemed increased tenfold since the first eagerness of her greeting had died off. Minnie watched her as she spoke, and as she finished rose softly from her chair, and placing herself in a sudden infantine and charm ing attitude on the floor at her feet, she took Mrs. Norman's listless hand and arm, which hung wearily by her side, and began planting a series of little pouting kisses on it from the elbow to the tips of the finger. After which, coming still closer, she flung her arms round the weary lady, and throwing her head back, looked up with the softest and slyest of her caressing smiles. "That's to coax you not to be cross," she said, " and not to mind even if papa is as grumpy as a bear." "My darling," responded Mrs. Norman, smoothing her glossy hair with a fond hand, " I will mind nothing so I have you with me. But the idea of his rejecting my proposition to give you every advantage my house affords, and preferring to place you with this insignifi cant woman living in the outskirts of a dirty manufacturing town, was, you will confess, sufficiently annoying. And now, Minnie, if he refuses to let you come to me, what can I think?" " Don't think anything about him," said Minnie. " Think only of me, and imagine how wretched I shall be shut up in some country fortress in England, or staring out of an hotel window in London as I do here." "You will be miserable enough, my pet," answered the elder lady. " But I was alluding to myself when I spoke. I shall think he objects to me personally, if after telling me he wished to place you with some lady who could show you a little of the world, ho rejects my earnest desire to have you as my guest." A tinge of pride mingled with the low, sad tones of Mrs. Norman's voice as she spoke. "If I did not love you, Minnie," she con tinued, "of what possible consequence coald your father's like or dislike bo to me ? But you have wound round my heart, and for your sake I have tried to conciliate him." "He ought to like you," returned Minnie pettishly, "considering how much his child is indebted to you for kindness and affection this year past." But at this moment General Sinclair's 'voice wasjheard in the hall, and Minnie, rising hastily but softly as a dove from her caressing posture, seated herself at a distance from Mrs. Norman, and threw into her face and figuro the air of a lady rather wearily entertaining an unamusing visitor. Mrs. Norman observed this movemont with a sai smile. It gavo her the idea that Minnie cruelly feared her father, while at the same time it forced on her the impression that he bad a most unaccountable prejudice against herself. " Mrs. Norman," said the general, extending his hand to her as he entered, "lam glad to see you. I intended to drive round to your house this afternoon with Minnio. lam going to Ireland in a doy or two." " And you will leave Minnie witb. mo ?" ex claimed Mrs. Norman joyfully. "You are most kind," returned the general gratefully ; " I will certainly do co if you wish it. You know that my reason for refusing your invitation before arose from my earnest desire to place Minnie with an old friend of mine in England. I had intended to furnish a house in London, and beg this lady to inhabit it with Minnie, but all my plans are frustrated now." With a hasty sigh, the general took a book from tho table and put it back again like a man lost. Then ho walked to the mantolpiecc, and leaning his arm on it, continued hurriedly— " When I found Minnie had made your ac quaintance, Mrs. Norman, you will recollect that in writing to thank you for your attention, and in giving her permission to accept the many kindnesses you showered on her, I made the strict condition that sho should come to your house enly when you were alone. I even asked you, if you remembor, *not to invite her if you bad your son with you." "And I obeyed you," said Mrs. Norman coldly and in a wearier tone than eyer. Some thing in the general's speech had rnado her nervous, for she hastily took her handkerchief and smelling-bottle from her pocket, and in doiug so sho drew fr.rth a crump'cd thin paper, which dropped on tho carpet. For one instant, for the twinkling of au eyelash, Minnie's cold grey eyo fell on it, and then returned to her father in its old abstracted gaze. Another mo ment and she looked at Mrs. Norman with an affectionate smile, and swift as lightning the saw then that the folds of her long, heavy silk dress had hidden the paper completely. " I thank you, madam, that you obeyed my wishes so implicitly and generously," said the general with grave courtesy. " I mention this matter merely to observe that I do not wish to impose any restrictions on Minnie now." "Of course I understand that," ariswered Mrs. Norman a little hastily. " Minnie is no longer a schoolgirl, and when ehe is with me I can neither lock her in her room nor close my doors to my friends." "You mistake me," observed the general uneasily. "lam not so ill-bred as to dictate the terms on which I accept a great kindness from you. I do not presume to ask you to close yonr doors either on your friends or your son." " Now, my dear darling old pet of a papa," interposed Minnie, " please don't be so round about, but just say that I may go where I like and do what I like, and see all the world and his wife if I choose." If she made this little speech to hide Mrs. Norman's sudden agitation and paleness, she succeeded, for her father took his eyes from that lady to turn them fondly on her. " You are right, my lore," he replied; " that is just what I mean, with the addition that I wish Mrs. Norman to know that my plans are frustrated—yes, all are frustrated " "So that young puppy refuses me!" said Minnie to herself. " And I wish you to be as happy as possible, my dear. Mrs. Norman, I shall rely upon you to guard her happiness. You will not forget that she is an heiress." "No fortune-hunter's shadow shall fall on her in my house," said Mrs. Norman with in creased coldness. " Of course not, of course not," returned the general soothingly. " I know it is impossible in your house, but at all the balls and parties to which Minnie will go, how can one tell whom she may meet ?" " I think yo« may safely trust to my discre tion, genera], to rebuff all needy acquaintance!," said Mrs. Norman. " Needy!" repeated the general; "it is not the want of money altogether in a man " He broke off, saying very earnestly, "Ah, Mrs. Norman, you do not know what it is to hare an only child." An extraordinary paleness overspread Mrs. Norman's face. " You forget," she replied in her low clear Toice, " that I hare an only son." As she said this she replaced her handker chief in her pocket carefully, shaking it lightly first on her lap, as if she fancied something might be in it. Even this little movement did not escape Minnie, whose watchfulness was wonderful. " The paper is of importance," she laid to herself, "and it has something to do with Leslie, else she would not have thought of it as she mentioned him." " I will not forget it," said General Sinclair; it will be a tie of sympathy between as, Mrs. Norman." The lady rose to go as he spoke. "I hare kept my English horses standing too long," she remarked. "Do look, general; do they seem impatient ?" The general, thus commanded, walked to the window, and Minnie, springing to Mrs. Nor man's side, covered the fallen paper with her own blue cashmere, as that lady's trailing violet silk swept over it and passed it. "O Minnie," she whispered, bending over the girl fondly, " How glad I am you are com ing to me at last! And Leslie will be here next week—he has promised." This last was said still in a lower whisper in her ear, and General Sinclair, standing in the window, neither heard nor saw. "The horses are slightly restive," he ob served, " but they will be quiet the moment they start. Allow me to conduct you." A word or two more of adieu, another kiss, a promise of meeting to-morrow, and Mrs. Nor man and the general quitted the room. Still Minnie did not disturb a fold of her trailing robe, nor stoop, nor stir, till she heard thd carriage drive away, then she stepped aside, and her swift white hand caught up the paper, and it lay safely crumpled in her soft palm when her father re-entered. Chaptm XXTV. " Minnie," said the general, throwing him self into a chair wearily, " are you satisfied now I have given you your own way ? Are you glad you are going to leave me ?" | Minnie looked up with her softest smile, then I ran towards him, and placed herself fondly on his knee, with the little hand holding the pur loined paper affectionately resting at the back of his neck. "Is the poor dear kind old papa sad?" she whispered in her most caressing tone. " And his naughty Minnie has been cross all the morn ing because she couldn't go visiting among ugly folks she doesn't care for. Oh, papa, what a horrid girl I am! Say I'm horrid, and hide ous, and wicked; say you'll never love me any more; say you'll hate me, and never give me my own way again. Say you wish I was at the bottom of the muddy Seine, or under the carriage wheels out there in the raging street." "My dear, dear girl!" expostulated her father as a smile beamed over his face. " It ought to be ' you wicked, wicked girl,'" said Minnie, smoothing his cheek with her dis engaged hand. "Do say something cruel to me—something that will make me cry. I de serve to be made cry. Say I'm ugly, and odious, and spiteful, a little Satan in a satin skin, that's what I am—and you are the dearest, nicest, kindest, fondest old papa"—kisses at every word—kisses on the forehead, the eyes, the cheeks, kisses on the grey moustache " that ever spoiled a wicked little cat of a daughter/ "My darling, God forbid I should ever say anything to make you cry," said the general, as his evea beamed on her with affection. " You don't know what a blessed little comforter you are; don't call yourself names, my love, unless you call yourself that." "Ah!" returned Minnie, shaking her head and then leaning her cheek on her father's hand, "you are an angel, papa—a military angel—a sort of old soldier seraph or veteran cherub, and you know men well—l've seen you make them cry before now—but you don't know us girls. Why I am the slyest, horridest, wickedest little puss tnat ever wheedled man, and you haven't found it out and wou't believe it, and instead of looking at me like this"—here Minnie made a face of. most comical severity— "and calling me some dreadful names which should make me sob and cry tiH my heart broke, and till* my eyes were red and swelled^ and my cheeks pale as a whitewashed ghost's, you kiss me and forgive me, like—like the dear old decorated angel you are. Let me see, now pa, haven't you any wings growing out of your back?" Here Minnie put both her arms round her father's neck, and so adroitly managed to slip the paper up her sleeve because her fingers were cramped with holding it so long. "My pet," said the delighted general, " when a pretty little puss like you kisses an old soldier he never sees anything except that she is pretty and a darling. Still Ido observe one thing in my little comforter." " And what's that ?" asked Minnie, smoothing his rugged grey eyebrow with a supple white finger. " That Minnie pleased is much prettier than Minnie displeased, and my little daughter when she has her own way is a hundred times more charming than when she is thwarted." Minnie burst into a pretty ringing laugh at this. " Why you dear goose of a papa," she said, " that's true of everybody. But now I'm going to be very serious," she continued, trying the effect of the long sweeping curb) on her neck against the thin bronze cheeks of the veteran. " And I want to know how long I may stay at Mrs. Norman's." "Do you want to stay very long ?" asked her father a little wistfully. "That depends," said Minnie, shaking her head in doubt. "If balls, and parties, and operas are like fairyland, and a prince makes love to me, I shall want to stay a long time." " Ah! Minnie," returned the general, "it is that love-making that I most dread. Promise me that you will listen to none of it." "Are you afraid of my getting married?" asked Minnie. " You need not fear that. I never mean to marry till I find a man exactly like you, only young—a drilled seraph with military whiskers and • heart as kind and generous as a king's." The general sighed. "I had hoped, darling," he said, "to find you such a man —a husband who would not take my daughter from me, but who would be to me a son. But lam disappointed, Minnie, and all my projects are blown away like the smoke of a gun." He took a letter from his pocket as he spoke, and, opening it, read out these few words:— "'Dear Sir, —Your letter informing my mother of your arrival in Paris reached me a week after her sudden death, and just when I* was on the point of forwarding the enclosed to you to India. I believe it is the last letter my mother ever wrote. I am partially acquainted with its contents, and can only add on my own account that I shall be glad to go to India, and grateful, most grateful, for your interest in my career. My mother's letter explains more fully than I can venture to do my present position, and my engagement to the best and gentlest girl that ever blessed a forlorn heart with her love- I need scarcely say how anxious I am to place myself in a position of offer her a home. My regiment is ordered to Ireland immediately— some weeks before we expected to go thither, but I hold myself in readiness to effect an ex change for India on the least intimation from you that you desire it.'" This was signed "Philip Bayner," and it concluded by giving his address in Ireland, and j by an earnest wish to hear from the general shortly. "So this model young man, at whose head, you have thrown me, you dear goose-cherub of a papa, won't have me," said Minnie, laughing. " And he takes care to tell you so, lest there should be any mistake in the matter. Load me with benefits, he says, but don't think Til marry your ugly little daughter; I like some body else, who, of course, is the loveliest and most angelic of women. Really, my dear old darling pa, it's very amusing." Minnie pouted, and smoothed the line* on the general's forehead with her finger as she spoke. " And don't," she continued, " propose for me to any man again. Let him fall in love with me first, and let me lead him a dance up and down Europe and Asia, and let me tease and vex him, and break his heart, and make him suffer torments before I let him ask you for me. That's the way to treat men. O you dear innocent pet! you are an bid soldier and lam a little school girl, but I know more than you. Hint to a young ape that you want him, and of course he says ' Merci!'" " You see, my love," interposed the discom fited general, " his mother was my dear friend, and I thought to keep you with me by choosing a poor son-in-law." "Ah! what a comfort it is that he won't have me! I intend to marry a prince with glass shoes and diamond buckles, and silver cockle-shells in his golden hair, and a million at the very least in his fashionable pockets. And so you are going to Ireland to see this penniless lover of the ' best of girls ?'" " Partly to see him, and partly to look at an old mansion and estate I have in that greenest of isles, Minnie." "Of what use is it to see either?" said Minnie. " Why, Philip's mother, poor thing, tells me that his betrothed is very poor, and there is another gentleman in lore with her, so I want to see if I cannot help them to marry before that wolf gobbles her up." " How do you know, you cruel old general, that the other poor demented creature is • a wolf?" asked Minnie, writing her own name assiduously with her little finger on the general's nose. " Poor Mrs. Bayner tells me he is not a lamb, and, moreover, he is the son of a woman I don't quite like—he is Mrs. Norman's son." Minnie's little finger went in the general's eye, and what with the pain, and her handker chief pressed to it, he neither saw the quiver of her lip nor the burning red that flushed her cheeks. "There, there, Minnie, it's bettor; don't blind both eyes with your handkerchief. I tell you this about Leslie Norman that you may hold yourself on your guard. lam told he is a dangerously fascinating man. If I had not heard to-day of his devoted love for this girl, I would never have let you go to his mother's." " Circumvent him in Ireland," said Minnie with a little nervous laugh, " and marry off the turtle-doves as fast as you can. Then come back here, and help me to find that dear prince with the glass slippers, and the golden shells, and silver bells, singing cock-a-doodle-doo! I'm off, pa, my pet, to my own room. I'm going to make myself perfectly lovely for our drive in the Bois de Boulogne." She ran away, kissing her hand to her lather at the door, and then shutting it as gently as a bird might have done. And eoftly and flntter- k t 'ly, like a bird, she flew to her own room; but once there, and the lock turned, she flung herself wearily into a chair, and covered her face with her hands. Some new agitation had for a moment stifled even her curiosity, and the purloined paper seemed forgotten. But in a little while she flung off her sudden grief, sad raised her face with a smile. "It can't be true," she said. "What a dear, good, tiresome goose pa is, especially when he want* so much coaxing! I'm quite tired. And now ril see what this paper is about. It may be only a bill, but even that will tell me some thing. How nice it is to be curious! I anr glad lam so very, very curious. I shouldn't like to be as some girls are—a stick or a cab bage, with no more curiosity or fife than a pickled snaiL" During this soliloquy the slender white fingers were coaxing the slip of paper down from the elbow of the tight sleeve, but not hurriedly. Minnie seemed to coquet even with her curiosity, and to enjoy this little delay. At last, all crumpled and warm, it was drawn forth and spread out on her lap. Then it showed itself to be a telegram, and read thus:— "Archibald Grind, Sharpton, to Mrs. Nor man, Rue de , Paris,—Utterly lost. A new crime. Impossible to carry out your in* structions. Countersign as agreed on. * A wicked son is a curse to his mother.'" Minnie put up her hand to her shining head, and pulled down all her glossy hair, as though by no other way she could express her utter incomprehension and bewilderment. " Now what is the meaning of this ?" she said, leaning back on the couch with both hands plunged into the wealth of her magnificent braids. "It will be delightful to have this to find out while lam at Mrs. Norman's. What a good thing it is to be curious! A dull, don't care kind of a girl would have picked this up and handed it back to the lady. Ah, I hope I am too wise to miss any opportunity of acquir ing knowledge! And if this be true what pap* says, if Leslie Norman is really so slippery and treacherous, won't it be nice to have something to hold him by ? And won't it be nice to give Mrs. Norman what she deserves, for trying to make me fall in love with her ' wicked son' when she knows he loves somebody else ? They both want my money I suppose. How agreeable!" Here Minnie bit her lip and sighed, but com forted herself by holding out the telegram and reading it over again. " * Wicked'—fascinating som it ought to have been. 'A new crime.' What has he been doing ? Oh, how I should like to find out! I don't want to hold him through my money. I scorn that. But if I could get some other power over him, and make him my slave, and then"—said Minnie, dnthing her hair back from ber eyes, as the sprang from the sola and planted her little arched foot firmly on the floor—" and then I'd refuse him!" She sank down again on her cushions, and revelled for a few moments in the luxury of the thought. Then a cloud came over her brow, and her defiant nose turned itself wrathfally to the walL " And who is this girl, I wonder," she said to herself fieraely, " who has yon the ™*n my father wants for me, and the man I want my self? It is curious she should get both. I*ll go to England and see her." [TO SI COMTUUJKD.J 