ANGLING. THE LOWER YARRA. TO TEE EDEEQS 07 ZEE AESTKAL4SM. Sir,—On Thursday week, friend Aires and self, with the determination of dirfingiiiahinp ourselves as pioneers of the gentle art, made a pilgrimage to the centre portion of the Lower Yam, commonly known as " the scrub," on purpose to ascertain, if possible, if the Aus tralian king of fishes had found his way to the precincts of Mae's ferry; so we walked down about two hundred yards below where the scrub commences, with the intention of fishing up stream. After having found what we thought a very likely place, we turned to. We fished this " likely place" for about an hour, but not the ghost of a nibble did either of us get. My fellow-sufi'erer was the first to cry " a go so we held a piscatorial council of war, and argued the "pint" pro and ton. over a pipe and a nip. The decision arrired at was, that my friend was to try his luck up a little higher, and poor Pilgarlic was to try his fortune "where he was. The Tales having so decreed, my friend took his modicum of bait, and away he went. He found another " likely place" about twenty yards further up, bnt my firm belief is that it was only considered # 'likely place" because there happened to be a very comfortable pitch for a seat, under the shade of a lump of tea-tree scrub, and a veiy accommodating clump of rushes for a rest for bis rod. However, my friend got his "dodeen" under way and tried a cast; indeed, he was the very picture of a " lazy fisherman." In the meantime I wss getting thoroughly dis gusted, for not a thing had come my tray, not even a hungry trout. Mark Xapley should have been with us on that day, and if that would not have tired his jollity it's a caution. Being within hail, 1 was waiting anxiously for the notice of " a nibble" from my partner in patience; but uot a sound could I hear save the melancholy drone of the refrain of a regular " chaw-bacon " song, which was being honied by a solitary and very uuliappy look ing besom-maker in close proximity to where I was. At last my stock of patience was exhausted, so I reeled up and went totry to persuade mv brother sufferer to maVetracks for " Humbug. I saluted him with the usual " Had a nibble, old clinp?" " All right," said be; "I have just had a touch." I said, " I suppose it is some cheeky trout that lias been having a lark with you." " Ko fear; I know the feel of a bream when he meddles with uty tackle." I am really sorry to say that I was sceptical, for I did him a great injustice. However, I turned my back on him, and went in search of fresh fields and pastures new, when he sung out after me in a most stentorian voice, " It's all right; I have got him." And sure enough he had, for when 1 went back to him there was a splendid fellow, at least a pound and a half, kicking and gasping on the hank. "There's room for you here, old fellow," said my friend. We began in earnest, and for about two hours we were " doing remarkably well," for in that time we landed two dozen and five beauties, ranging from half a pound to a pound and a half. Unfortunately, business called my friend away before six o'dook in the evening, or we would have bad is many as we could carry home. The best fish which I hooked I lost, and thus it was:—I had put my rod on the bank, and was just in the middle of the operation of cutting up some tobaoco, when away went the line like lightning, the reel, in the meantime, playing a very pretty tune. I dropped down on it, end managed to strike him i out what wax I to do with him ? I was holding the rod with berth mv hands, but they were unfortunately both full—the one with out-up tobasco, and the other with my knife and the plug. I did. all that I knew under the oueunutaocet, but I unfortunately got my finger on the line while it was paying out, trad of qoune away he went, like a bird. You may just imagine I was particularly savage indeea.no better than one of the wicked, just hi the humour f» "cut up dogi," 'as-a Yankee friend of mine used to say when be was in a vmyiabidslste. My friend told tno that I had better lobro off now, as I had certainly last nur luck* .bot es I do not idaae any faith in those aid wires' tales, I elmbbntinued, and I killed afrwmore TWyfine fish. When we shouldered 'our swags, we were . both wry weB Satisfied W»h our success. I - have beta-down tlnoeihot t was not se sue casefUi; but that, in n great manure, was owing, fo the tide not suiting me, or aether . s myndtsuitingih'etide. There hzire, however, been some v.ety good. : . takes in thtfXower Yarn this week. .The fitV have ootbe up sooner this yser than usual, for ■- ™ it h generolly tiie month ot March before they ' ' • pet ituen appearnnoe so high up a* we Were. •Jheredr another peculiarity which is ■■worth :..is knowing, and that is, Ml the best fiah are to be taken close in to the bank, and in the iuiroo diale neighbourhood of a good tfituttg growth < nukes. I am, yourt, kc, 1'iKB. .3fc 