MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. ine uepartments ot machinery and implements are. perhaps, the most important in this splendid Exhibition, for m a country where manual labour is exceptionally high-priced, contrivances bv which it may be economized are exceptionally valuable. In noticing the machines and implements exhi bited, it will be the most convenient arrangement to begin with the engines which drive the ma chinery shown in motion. These are two of Clayton & Shuttleworth's portable engine?, lodged under sheds in the north quad rangle. One is of 16-horse power, ana its only task is to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into the air a stream of water said to be equal to 15 tons in a minute, which, falling into a basin in the centre of the quadrangle, is again thrown up by the pump, so long as the engine is kept in motion. This pumping appa ratus is exhibited by Mr. Wright, of Little Bourke street. Only five or six horse-power is required to work the pump, so that the engine has an easy time of it The other engine is of 20-horse- power; and by means of a driving belt carried through the wall, and driving shafts and drums carried along the roof of the north wing, it gives motion to the several machines to be described. The two engines are shown by Messrs. Wilkie, Welch, & Co.: and the connections were fitted by the artificers of the Railway Department and Mr. Wright. Of printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with which Mr. FaVkner printed the Patriot, in the early days of Port Phillip settlement, looks like a ghost among them. A more remarkable contrast there could hardly be than betwtcn this rude and primitive implement and the clockwork-looking machines of the present day, which almost seem as if they could produce newspapers complete with no other help than the turning of a crank-handle. Messrs. Clarson & Messena exhibit a double-demy machine, by Whorfdale. which was seen in motion yesterday, and much admired. Mr. F. B. Franklyn shows presses and other material in some variety. Messrs. E. Purton & Co. are the owners of an ex cellent little machine, by Woods (au English maker), by which one man can print 1,500 foolscap sheets in an hour (the work of about six men and six boys with a hand press). The machine is worked with a pedal. Air. Calvert also supplies some presres and ot her materials. But the gem of this collection is Messrs. Sands & McDougatl's railway ticket printing machine. It is a really beautiful instru ment, and seems to be as good as it is pretty. It prints 10,000 tickets in au hour, numbering them in arithmetical Beries, anil printing numbers on both ends if required: A very pretty spiral screw arrangement gives lateral motion to one inkinc roller, by which means the ink is equally and evenly spread over the roller which comes into contact with the type. It is self-acting both as regards feeding and flying, aud if any irregularity occurs in the supply of unprintcd tickets, the machine invites the attention of the attendant operator by ringing a bell. The numbering appa ratus is simple and effective. There are four revolving wheels, each of which has the numeral typeB from 0 to 9 arranged in succession on its outer rim. and every time a ticket is printed one of these wheels makes a tenth part of its whole revolution, and so prepares anew number for the succeeding card. This machine was much ad mired. 