THE GRAND CONCERT AT Tlils ADELAIDE TOWN HALL. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — The above great event came oa on Tuesday, the -iith, and being one of the as sembled multitude, 1 take tho liberty of send ing you a few particulars. The gates wore thrown open at a quarter past 7, and then a general rush was made f»r placcs. I, being pretty good at going through a crowd, managed to reach just inside tlm door, rnd took my stand against the wail (for it was impc ?sible to get a scat), and surveyed the fin. 'onmt. Thorn Wii { ;i.1mmi£ l.f-0[- rtersons T-rc- i - .t, including a large number of tlie fair sex. A' n : .t every grade of society was represented, rrom tho Legislative Council down to tlia humble laborer, and all alike anxious to obtain a view of the show. After waiting p itieatly for three quarters of an hour the parf »rmers (GO in number) bandied in anyhow, and took their places on the platform. After tlie usual amount of ecraping ant tuning, tho show commenced with Uio National Antheui beautifully murdered, from the fact ... everyone trying to get done first without any regard lo time or tune. Then the b%nd played the overture to ' La Da . Blanche,' whieh wa3 worth all the money and trouble of getting in. Next come the madrig.il, ' Let U3 all aMay ing go,' in whieh the air was prominent by its absence, and would have been better if the tenor voices liad been mcftied, for I could hear nothing else, and I am not deaf. £xentleinan then attempted to sing a des criptive song, *' Will-o'-the-Wisp,' and bo looked like & statue — no voice, no action, or anything else. After this a gip-y chorus from ' Preciosa' was introduced, and it had better been left out, for it came very near an infliction. Mr. Edwards, a gentleman styling himself a professional, tried to sing the *' Stirrup Cap.' This was fcaiidl. aad 1 ucgaa to think of running for a doctor, fearing the man was dangerously ill. The upper notes were too hi„h for him to reach, s-- he waited for them to conic down, and then turned ahead again until he got to the end, when ho seemed glad Lt was over, he gave a shout of exultation and rushed to his seat. Mrs. Wishart then sang 'The Echo of Lucerne,' a very pretty melody, but I did not hear the echo ; that was iutcndval for the front seats, as it never, reached where 1 was standing. *? , ' Mr. l-ounsett-auo£^ to be ashamed lead the Choral Union aftef lejwluig- tho ' Barcarole from Massaniello.' .1 shall not attempt to describe it. But I must not forget Mr. Shakespere's solo on the harmonium. The way in which ho threw his arms about reminded, me of a night auctioneer, and when he dropped one hand on his knee, as much as to say, is there anyono iu the room could do that. I thonght ho had fainted, but when he raised it in the air, and dropped it on the keys like a hammer, I pitied the poor instrument, and thought he was trying to break some of tho ivory. When Mr. Payne came forward to do his cavatin-i from ' Maritana1' he stood sideway3 to the people as if he was ashamed to show hi a face, and stuck tho music oa a book-rest, as it was too much trouble to hold it himself. Miss Vaughan has a good voice, but she docs not know how to use it, and the way she galloped through her canzonetta told ma p'ainly that she wanted to get through, as soon as possible without regard to time, and when it was encored she commenced to crawl about amongst the music stands, and made an attempt to get und*ir the piano, but failing in this, she rushed to the front, rushed through the la3t verse again, aad crept back to her seat highly delighted that it wa3 over, and so 1. Not na with 'The Huntsmen's Choms' from *' Der Friescliutz/' for that wa3 suug more like a church hymn than anything else, and when it was over I thought it was only the prelude by the band, not having heard tho voices. Next Mr. Watson crept to the front with a sheet of music in his hand, and whispered a grvnfy to the people in the front row, his voice not being sul&ciently; powerful to reach any farther. Then all hands perpetrated an outrage oa the 'Gipsy Chorus** from 'The Bohemian Girl,' raid I had the pic ture of rushing to the Criterion Hotel for a drink. When I returned the far-famed * agnesinm light was burning in the gallery, as tho gas was not turned off until after the light was out I did not sea much of it, so I can't say what it was like. Locke's music from ' Macbeth' being in tha programme, I of course expected a treat, but when it commenced I thought tho performers were aH bewitched, for of alt tho noises I ever heard Locke's music as rendered on Tuesday was the worst. I have heard cats oa the roof, and donkeys :i thv field, but f hoy are perfect harmony compared to the hideous noise that issued from the platform of the Town Hall on that evening. Next came selections from ' Satanena,' aad they were selections. Tho opening chorus wai bad in the extreme, and when Mr. Poun sett perpetrated ' The Sparkling Vintage of Champagne,** I thought of rushing for more beer, as^If could hardly hear him. Tha, «' Chorus of Pirates' almost drove tho audience mad, and when Mr. Edwards commenced to squeak I thought he had better retire from the profession and get some other employment! as he can't sing at all, so he had better give ie op altogether. Mrs. V/iahart then sang 'The Power of Love' in a manner that would hav been creditable to any school gtrl at a party. I didn't feel the power of it at all where I was standing. As a linale the whole crowd waded through a serenade oi'lcd ** Haste lovers, has to,' in- a ' manner prov'ig that they were all sick and tired of their work, and I almost thick tha andieaoe were, and if they were not I waa. Mr. Shakespere presided at tha pann Amng the cveo'ig. and he fancied he was d»:ng all tho wert^andthe way he tortured the poor ? th:ng wr^pav-ifol to behold. In owdnaoB I would advlso ama&oura; to stick to things thuj can do, and not things that require any amount of knowledge to cxecnLe for fear they may do as-tl|e tecrs did on Tuesday, make a mess -£ and call forth the xidici:!fe of. Yours, RDOKiZETTI'S GHQST. ' ?— -w- - J.0o 