GLEANINGS. Mock Devils. — I must add two or three short anecdotes about ghosts, got tip in the devil-manner. They are not new, but illustrate very handsomely the state of mind in which a ghost should be met. One is, that some one undertook to scare Cuvier, the great naturalist, with a ghost having ah ox's head. Cuvier woke, and found the fearful thing glaring and grinning at his bedside. ' What do you want ? ' 'To devour you!' growled the ghost. ' Devour me ?' quoth the great Frenchman — ' Hoofs, horns, gramminovorous ! You can't do it — clear out !' And he did clear out. A pious maiden lady, in one of our New England villages, was ? known to possess three pecularities. First, she was a very religious, honest, matter of fact woman. Second, she supposed everybody else was equally honest ; hence she was very credulous, always believ ing everything she heard. And third, having ' A conscience void of offence,' she saw no reason to be afraid- of anything ; consequently she feared nothing. On a' dark night, some boys, knowing that she would be returning home alone from prayer-meeting, through an unfrequented street, ^determined to test two of her peculiarities — viz., her credulity and her. courage. One of the boys was sewed up in a huge shaggy bear-skin and as the old lady's feet were heard patter ins; down the street, he threw him self directly in her path and com menced making a terrible noise. ' Mercy !' exclaimed the old lady ; 'who are you?' 'I am the devil!' was the reply.. 'Well, you are a poor creature !' responded the antiquated virgin, as she stepped aside and passed by the \- strange animal, probably not for a j moment doubting it was his Satanic Majesty, but certainly not dreaming .of being afraid of him. It is said that a Yankee tin pedlar, who had frequently cheated most of the people in the vicinity of a New England^ village through which he was passing, was induced by some of the acute ones to join them in a drinking bout. He finally became stone drunk ; and in that condition these wags carried him to a dark rocky cave near the village, then, dressing themselves in rawhead ' and-bloody -bones style, awaited his return to consciousness. As he .began rousing himself, they lighted some huge torches, and also set fire v ' some bundles of straw and three t-. ; or: four rolls of brimstone, which they had placed in different parts of the cavern. The pedlar rubbed his eyes, and seeing and smelling a11 tliese evidences of Pande J monium, concluded he had died ^ and was now partaking of his final doom. But he took it very philo ( sophically, for he complacently re marked to himself — ' In hell just as I expected 1 ' A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a virago of a wife, who met one of these artificial devils in a lonely place. As a ghost obstructed his path, the old felloW remarked — f If you are not the dlvil, get out ! If you are, come aloig with me and get supper. I ma^ied your sister.' Barnum on Hunjgfog. What is the afflrerence between the Prince of Wales, an :orphan, a gorilla, and a bald person ? The first is heir apparent, the second has ne'er a parent, the next has a J hair(y) parent, and the last no hair apparent. Candid. — ' You have visited my daughter a long time,' said an anxious mother to a gentleman of our acquaintance the other day, 4 what are you intentions, sir — honorable ? ' e Entirely so,' said the gentleman, c I intend backing out, as the coachmen say.' 'And pray, sir, what are your reasons for deceiving the poor girl in that way ? ' 4 I have several,' said our friend. 'Well, name one, if you can, you imp of satan, you little waisted, knock-kneed, pale-faced, no-whiskered dolt ; you thing, you scape, you ? ! ' ' Your daughter, said he, interrupting her, c don't wear her bustle right, I have seen it one-sided. Her dressmaker tells me she is padded in a dozen places, and that she wears two pairs of stays. Her false teeth don't stay in well, and she puts castor oil on her wig, madame. I cannot stand such carelessness. You'll let me off, now, I reckon.' Clever Anagram. — It is said that Napoleon, when he was asked by Dr. O'Meara if he really thought he could have invaded England at the time he threatened to do so, replied in the following anagram : 'Able was I ere I saw Elba.' Whether this is true or not, we should like to see a more ingenious or extended anagram, which, the reader will observe, reads the same backward or forward. Prepared for a Storm. — A few nights ago Mr. Bodkins, who had been out taking his glass and pipe; on going home late borrowed an umbrella, and when his wife's tongue was loosened he sat up in bed and suddenly spread out the parachute. ' What- are you going to do with that thing ?' said she. ' Why my dear I expected a very severe storm to-night, and so T came prepared.' In less than 5 minutes Mrs. Bodkins was fast asleep. Home Influence. — ' We shall never know until we are ushered into eternity,' writes a liying au thor, ' how great has been the in fluence which one gentle, loving spirit has exercised in a household, shedding the mild radiance of its light over all the common events of daily life, end checking the inroads of* discord and sin by the simple setting forth of that love which c seeketh not her own,' but which suffereth long and is kind.' ' Good News for Young Mothers. —We believe the following remedy for keeping babies quiet has been patented : — As soon as the squall er awakes, set it up, propped by a pil low, if it canno| sit alone. Smear' its fingers witn thick molasses^ tfien put half-a-dozen feathers in* its hand, and it will sit and pick the feathers from one hand to the other until it drops asleep ; as soon as it awakes again apply more fea thers, and in the place of innumer able sleepless nights there will hk silence and enjoyment unspeak able. Wanted a pair of scissors to cut a caper, and a rocker from the ' cradle of liberty.' 