THE LIFE-BOAT: OR, TH E MAID O F E R IN . CHAPTER II.. T h ebe was a great deal of excitement in the seaport town of S——, off the coast of Yorkshire. The wind Blew a hurricane, the sea rolled mountains high, and the painful sound of guns fired as a signal of distress, was heard from a vessel at no great distance. “ To be wrecked insight o f port,” said poor Fanny Remington, one of the passengers on board the tempesttossed vessel, "and to die unpardpned by my father. Oh, my Charlie ! let us pray to the Almighty to send us help.” But the storm remained unabated, the sky was dark as Erebus, and it was only by the flashes of lightning that the terror-stricken passengers and crew of the Antwerpian could discover the dreaded rocks and the wished-for harbour. In spite of the weather many people, and among them some of the principal inhabitants, had assembled on the coast. “ Let us make a collection,” said a Mr Wrighton to some of his acquaintances who stood around him, “ and offer it as a reward to any brave sailors who will put out to the assistance of yonder vessel that, but for help from us, is doomed.” A collection, amounting to some pounds, was soon made; but in the meantime the captain of the S------ lifeboat came up. “ I f any boat could live in such a sea, I shouldn’t stand shilly shallying o here. But come, my brave boys, b we’ll make an effort. W e can die but once, and may as well go to Davy Jones’s locker doing our duty, as die in bur beds, like lazy landlubbers.” “ And this you shall divide among your crew, gallant captain,” said M r Wrighton, “ and heaven speed you. So the boat was launched on the foaming deep amid the shouts of the crowd; it was followed by the prayers of some and the good wishes of all. "W e are saved, my child. Ob, let us be thankful!” said Fanny, as she found herself, with Charlie in her arms, in the life-boat that had been so bravely put out to the vessel in distress. Proud was the moment for the dauntless captain and crew of the S------ life-boat, when, braving the war of the elements, they returned in triumph to the harbour, having rescued every individual on board the Antwerpian. Of these same had been able to save their money and valuables, others were assisted by the charitable inhabitants of S------. Glory to the life-boat, its captain and crew. Scarcely was the Antwerpian relieved of its living freight, than by the violence of the gale she was dashed against the rocks, and riven asunder. The effort to save all on board had been made at imminent risk. To those were anxiously gazing from the shore, the life-boat had several times, appeared to be swallowed u p ! When again it was caught sight - of, riding on the mountainous waves, it was loudly hailed; but the roaring elements drowned the shouts of welcome, that were renewed tenfold, when the brave captain and crew were received on shore by kindred, friends, and even by the authorities of the town of S----- . England is iustly proud of her men-of-war, of. her merchant ships; but, as says the poet— “ Who has not paused with a softer emotion, To gaze on the life-boat all rugged and worn, That often has wafted o’er hills of the ocean., T he last ray of hope to som seaman forlorn. CHAPTER HI. A nxiety h ad been felt a t h o m e as w ell as abroad on th e n ig h t o f th e fearful storm ju s t described. Mrs Wrighton had vainly endeavoured to persuade her husband to remain at home. “ The fact is said she, '■ we’ve got the equinoctial gales a month too late. On the twenty-first of September it was as calm as in summer, and*now it’s blowing a hurricane at the end of October. “ Aye, missus, recollect it’s .All Hallows E’en,” said Judith, a faithful old servant, a native of the Green Isle. "The spirits are prowling about, right and left, on this awful night; and master ehonld stop quiet at home, and keep out of danger.” “ It’s to assist in averting danger I’m going out, Judy,” said M r W righton.. The reader already knows how well he succeeded in so doing. Mrs Wrighton went upstairs, and looked out of the bedroom window, hoping to see eon.® sign $ f the abatement of the sfr rm. In vain. Then she determined to go and see that Judy had prepared every­ thing comfortable for tea; and then to sit down by the fireside, and endeavour patiently to await her husband’s return. On leaving her apartment, Mrs Wrighton was surprisd to see, through the open door of the spare room, that a fire had been kindled in it, and th at it had been made to assume the appearance of an occupied room. A few of the last flowers of the season were in .a vase on the chimneypiece; the eosy-chair was drawn up. to the, fire; and a small pair of slipper were put inside the lender to warqi. On the table, near the arm-chair, there was the open desk, with implements for writing and drawing; and the embroidery-frame, with the bouquet half finished, was near at hand. “ What means all this?” said Mrs Wrighton, with a voice husky with emotion. She addressed poor old Judy, who was making up the bed, ■as if she thought it would be required for the night “ Do yon not know how this display of things belonging to my loved, lamented daughter, must harrow up my feelings ?” “ And is it myself, my dear mistress, would be doing that same? But I must remember All Hallow E’en. I must have everything ready to receive her spirit — it’s roaming abroad among the rest of them.” “ Her sp irit! Then do you mean to say my beloved Fanny is dead ?” “ I say nothing one way or the but isn’t it here she’d have long ago if she’d been in the land of the living ? she’d have been after seeing her mother, though she had to brave my master.” “ But you forget we have changed our abode, aud even had I known where she was, I should not have dared write to tell her.” “ You’ll see her to-night, alive or dead,’1said Judy, and continued her preparations as if she were certain poor Fanny would occupy the room that night. “ Judy must not be thwarted, nor my kind husband neglected,” thought Mrs W righton; so drying her tears, 6he stepped down in the sittinsrroom. Judy had seen to 'the tea and its accompaniments, and the clear fire shed a cheerful light through the apartments. ., Poor Mrs Wrighton was not, however, disposed for cheerfulness. She sat down and pondered on the past —on the childhood—on the yonth of of her loved, her only daughter, when suddenly she was roused by a sweet, infantine voice, uttering these words— “ Oh! look, mamma, all is so warm and comfortable there, and Charles is so cold and hungry.” Mrs Wrighton went up to the window. Judy had forgotten to shut the shutters, hut mistress heeded not the omission. Pale and care-worn as she had be come, the mother’s eye recognised the face and form of her Fanny. Shrieking out the words, “ I t is her sprat,” she fell lifeless to the floor. Judy heard the shriek, but not words. The certainty of confronting a ghost might have kept her up stairs, in spite of her reverence for the spirits, abroad on All Hallow E’en. But there was a knock at the door. “ I t is my poor master wet through,” said Judy, and, forgetting her mistress's shriek, she rushed to the door, and beheld “ the penitent returned,” Such was her horror, she might have attempted to escape, had not Fanny flung herself into herarmB, and im- plored her to lead her to her mother. “ My beloved mother—I have seen her, but she, like you, was panicstricken at my appearance.” Poor Mrs Wrighton was restored to life by the tender cares of a daughter and grandson! W hat explanations, what congratulations followed on the part of Fanny I what overflowing affection on that of the long bereaved mother. ' How much was said in a few minutes. B ut Judy, who generally had her wits about her, reminded her mistress that it 'might be necessary to prepare master, and not to let him come in upon them all sudden like. : “ I ’ll take up the cake and make tea for my dear young lady, and this sweet poppet up stairs;” Charlie’s eyes brightened at the proposal,, and Fanny, in the flesh, was ushered into the comfortable room that had been prepared for Fanny in the spirit; “ And its All Hallow E ’en you’ye to thank for getting everything ready for you, only it was meant for your ghost; but faith though it’s much better pleased your old nurse is too see you in the body.” After Fanny had landed from the I life-boat, her . great object had been to pass unnoticed through the crowd, and with her little boy to get to some quiet inn, and on the next day proceed, if possible, to her native town. I t w a s o therw ise ord ain ed . T h rou gh home—a home henceforth for herself and son. But we m ust'return to Fanny/ About half an hour after her meeting with her mother, her father knocked at the door. How her heart leapt at his wellremembered knock. “ Now, aake good heart, honey,” ' said Jndy, who saw her dear young lady turn deadly pale. “ I t’s myself can manage the master better than jhe missus can.” So admitting M i Wrighton, Judy contrived to glide into the sitting-' room after him, and began making herself very officious with the tea. The good old couple, to whom she was tendered her services seemed agitated andpre-occupied. Poor Mrs Wrighton was very glad to see her husband safe back, but she felt vety anxious about the manner in which he would receive Fanny, or whether he would receive her at all. M r Wrighton told her about the gallant exertions of the captain and crew of the life-boat in saving all on board the Antwerpian; but he did not speak ' heartily, his thoughts j seemed wandering. B ut old Judy,} who had a great deal of imagination, became quite excited at the account of the rescue of the tempest-tossed travellers. Her dear young lady and the pretty poppet she knew were among them. “ Oh 1 and it was a good deed, master,” said she, “ to encourage the brave sailors to their work, Oh ! master, this is the night to be after doing one’s duty. This is the night to be forgiving, if we hope .to be forgiven, for it’s All Hollow E’en, and the spirits are about, and wide awake, I can- tell ye.” The spirits!” exclaimed Mr Wrighton, and then added, turning to his wife, “ My dear, either old Judith has embued me with some of her fancies, or I- have this very night beheld”—the father’s voice faltered —“ beheld, and, o h ! how wan ! how wobegone! our lost daughter’s g host!” “ No ! my father!” exclaimed Fanny, rushing in, and leading her beautiful boy by the hand. “ I t was herself. She has braved the fury of the ocean to implore your pardon, and to throw herself at your feet J “ N ot at my feet, but in my ■arms!” said Mr Wrighton, deeply affected. “ My Fanny, there have been faults on both sides, but Providence has granted me an opportunity of atoning for mine by restoring you to us. Your child will be our child, and to your fond mother and myself our Fanny will be as dear as ever.” “ This is a sight the spirits will be glad to look on,” said Judy, wiping away tears of joy from her old eyes. “ And, when ye hear all, won’t ye be after owning heaven prompted ye to urge the captain to put out the lifeboat, and that all the good spirits must have been in communication with the Maid of Erin.” L. G. 