THE RETURN' FANCY DRESS BALL. Sitting down to pen a description of this event, the writer labors under many difficulties, not the least of which is that he necessarily knows that, as it were but yesterday, a like entertainment was given in Melbourne ; that it was a theme for many a pen, and was learnedly discoursed on as well by the paid staffs of the Melbourne journals as the contributors thereto. Let them be as bold as they will, and as self -possessed (not to use a harder word) as they will, /Englishmen have always before them the . dread of failure, a nervous shrinking from comparison. The man who comes after always labors under a disadvantage, whether he, be author, artist, or actor. He may never have read aline of Byron's poem, never have oast an eye on the landscape of Turner, never have seen Edmund Kean playRiohard III. ; still will he be accused of plagiarism. It;is ia the nature of things that it should be so, and we must submit. To write a description of a fanoy -ball— to sit down and watch the ever shifting, brilliant scene, as it passes before as, and, as it is photographed en the brain, reproduce it on paper. ' An easy task enough,' we hear some say. Easy enough, of a verity, in imagination, ,but not so easy when you come face to faoe with your paper; when you hold the pen in your hand and the ink-bottle is before you. But a moment since, and your brain was Ml of glowing ideas ; now, when you know the printer's devil is waiting for copy, and that the paper .for wjhich you write must be at press, say within three hours, and, puff ! every par tide of an idea has vanished; ' Gone, and their ghosts are afar-off mocking you with a laugh, which grates harshly on your ear'.1 It's not the slightest , use , trying to grasp any of thoBe gentlemen again,, so you have to. sit , down, and beget new ones. And the first idea which comes to your mind, as you bite the end of your gray goose quill, is the wonderful similitude Which exists be tween, the scene you have jast left and. the scene you daily witness as you shoulder your way through the world. Look out a brief moment on the glittering costumes : hear the rustling of silk ' and satin; listen to the low murmured whispers of the gay gallants, who bend lovingly over the dainty hands of their mistresses, whose eyes beam with the re flected light of love. Look out, and what do you see ? Smiling faces every where. Not a sign of care on any brow; not a lip but bears a smile of joy. : Look out, and then, knowing as you do; how muoh of misery there is in the world, ask yourself if some at least of these people are not as consum mate actors as those poor mummers whose, business it is to paint their faces, and to laugh when their hearts are breaking. We do not' say there are any breaking hearts here. Those' commodities are always left at home. But there ? are jsom'e whoj if they dared in the taoe of -society, would put on ; weeds and go a mourning for their wrecked lives. They are handsome— yes ; they are gay-~yes ; bat down in' the corner of their heart of hearts there ib avoid which can never be filled; a deathless memory which sits 'by their side,' and moons at tneir endeavors to iorget. so out in the world beyond* of which now we can see nothing, from which our tboughts'are naturally drawn by the sounds and sights around us, do we daily find men who -come down to 'Change with: faces the Brothers Cheerible'might envy: 'Know we of none who carried for days, weeks, months, aye, years; a ghastly skeleton beneath their ooats? It is wise that' it 'should be so. If every man's faoe were an index to his heart, what a long visaged people we Bhould ? bebome! ' Another peep' at the ball-rodmj and -then comes into your brain another and a muoh more pleasant idea. You gaze at the medloy collection of dresses'; you' are lost in admiration at the beauty of their trimmings, and then there comes stealing aoross your mind this : ' What a blessed dispensation these entertainments' are ; what money they mast cause to be circulated ; what a number of, perhaps, hungry mouths' to be filled.' And this is the best light to; regard them in. You admire the pretty women^ the tstately men, the decorations of the ! building, you' eat your wing of chiokeni and you take an ioe or a'vblanc'-mange with an immense amount of gusto; in short, you are delighted with the tout ensemble of the whole; but of all things you are pleased to lrnnw tVint hereafter von ' nan lnhlr lmnlr anH tliirilr that the ball which you have attended wasi a source of benefit to hundreds of poor, struggling people. _ Regarding this as a faot, you find yourself wishing that every mayor would give a similar entertainment. But it will be said 'This' moralising tone is all very flhej but we mnsttothe description of the ball. Here; leaning against a post, is a holy man of orders grey. We are flwn Protestants all, but we will take our stand beside his capacious person; ' It is plea sant, is it not ? Pleasant, not only to the view* but to every other. sense. Do you hear the soft music stealing from the orchestra? Do yon seethe1 forms of lovely females floating luxuriously, lusciously through the dance ? It is that dance that Byron has apostrophised ' as ' the soul enchanting wnltz.' A queer medley^ aren't they? Surely here there' are are no costumes worn sinoe the first dawn of civili sation unrepresented. Look at simple Phillis yonder, passing the stately Marie ' Antoinette. ' Is the good and lovely Queen herself not frightened at her neighbors ? for, . see; near her orouoheH and bringes one of the bloody sans culottes. ! -Watoh him; perhaps, ere we oan turn, ; r he ) will utter his treaoherous. a las la ? JSeiiiet' and the lovely queen will have paid' forfeit! with .her life. But the dance is' over, and woe to us for our suspicions. See the queen and sans 'culottes are shaking hands. Have the royalty of la belle France indeed adopted'the motto of the first Napo leon; and is LiberteiJEgalite, and Fraternite to rule the minds of men ? Here it is so, at least, for see Talleyrand and Fouohe side by side with the gay noblesse Of the court of the laBt of tho Bour bons. Glance we over the motley-throng, before us, and sights equally as marvellous will meet our eyes. There are - gay 'gallants paying court to homely lasses whose cheekB' show that the language spoken to them is that which brings all man and woman kind to a common level; There ate humble squires bending low before ledjea whose garments bespqak them to be of noble birth. Thore are troubadours sighing at the feet of the descendants of the old I chivalry of England ; and there are ladies, fair as | eye ere lit on, smiling sweetly on swart Moors, B infidel Turks, and unconverted aborigines. Touch- | stone is seeking for his Audrey, and finds a Rosalind, . I who doeB not snub him. Snyjook, no doubt intent $ on his pound of flesh , drops on a Portia, with ,-^iDtn I he forthwith takes wine. The gods are 'at orntyand I Floras, and Venuses, and Neptunes meander tuVough I the maay dance together* Gipsies , have forgotten I how to rob a hen-joost, and appear now in gay attire, I and mingle incontinently with gentlemen of the 19 th 1 century. ,; . Still, despite these- anomalies, the time | goes on, and goes on right pleasantly too. Marie | Antoinette is on good terms with the sans culotte ; | my lady of high degree leans lovingly on the arm, of her fhumble squire,; and , the stern glances of enraged parents do. not wither up .her being. . li Here,: at least, the motto is that of France, I and here all men and women are equal. Have | we written enough of description? Have we con- | veyed an idea of theivastity of silk, of satin, of. 1 brocade, of cloth of gold, and of brighter, glistening, | dazzling jewels, matched with brighter; eyes, there | are to be seen within the walla of the old Exhibition Building ? May be not. May be we have left half untold— -we have failed in the task we.'.set ourselves i at the commencement. It is more than possible that our pen is unable to oonvey even an idea of half the beauty, half the diversity, half the pleasure of. the. soene. That it is a right pleasant one, no one will deny. It charms the senses and enchains the mindk It is, for the moment an all-engrossing scene, and' the many-hued characters which flit. before our eyes while we view it will, ho doubt, be reproduced to our mind's eye for many a day to come. , There it . is, fixed before us, showing how ranch of beauty, how much of/taste, how. much of wealth, and how maoh.of manly nobility may be found an Victoria^ That it. also shows what a breadth of comic power somepf our private citizens possess none will at- S tempt to, deny ;, and, having acknowledged ?all these ' 1 things, ,we will prooeed to describe more minutely 1 the decorations of. the building, and the dresses of E some, of the ; multitude, of fair ones who, on Thursr E day, held high revel in the old Exhibition Build- I ing«.i ?' ?' ...? '..,.?..?:.:?: .?,.'. ??- .??? ? ?- :'?' ' :':-. ' . I Mrs Kemp represented the King of the Fairies, I and as suoh wore, a short tunic skirt,, composed of I crimson, white and gold satin, with body, and, cape | of the same material, richly trimmed with gold | lace and fringe ; Maltese ruffles and collars; white, | boots strapped .with crimson satin ; gold, crown on I the 6 head,. thickly' studded with diamonds, eme ralds,: rubies, .and' amethysts,, ,. with .long ostrich feathers at, the side; of the crown. Mrs George Armytage repreBented Cybele. The dress was of the finest white cashmere, embroidered with gold in a Greek pattern, running round all . the bottom of the skirt, and at the top, , aoross the: centre, twined a wreath of myrtle leaves in gold, embroidery. The waist was gathered inby a golden band, ; engraved with Hobs, emblems of Cybele; a crimson scarf was fastened on the left shoulder with a golden brooch and broad band of gold embroidery in a Greek pattern, She wore on her head a crown of golden towers, and bore in her hand a golden . sceptre and key, the emblems ; of Gybelei , MissE. Oalver t wore an archery costume as Lady Rosamond. It .was of green, white and &old; ; green shooting jaoket with gold and white cashmere skirt, gored with green .bands trimmed with gold, eaoh breadth ] ; embroidered , with target of colored satin, green(t5\»~ i velvet Glengarry hat, with ostrich plume and gold;' }*. ?' j handaome bow mounted in gold, arrows,. to match, : in green and. gold quiver, with oross'-belt and 'golden girdle and tassels. MisB K. Jordan per-, ! sonated Folly. She wore a Bhort skirt of , white , grenadine, trimmed with blue ribbon, over skirts of (blue and scarlet i silk, cut in deep points and gar nished with bells:; bodice:,of ,blue silk, trimmed with white and. scarlet points, to correspond: with r skirt ; Folly's oap and. bauble. A Greoian shepherdess found, a representative in Miss Swindells. : This lady, wore a short white merino , dress, . trimmed with blue vel vet .ribbon; in Grecian pattern, garland and wreath ?? of wild flowers, with shepherdess's crook, decorated with wild flowers ; white kid boots, trimmed with bands of blue velvet to represent sandals. ? Mrs H. Maomeckan appeared as. a Bohemian lady. She wore a robe: of rose colored damask satin, black velvet- tunic, turned , baok at sides with white ? spangled satin, and laced down with gold cord, top and sleeves of bodioe to correspond, fastened down, 'the front with brilliant clasps ; gold- oirolets, with: pendants round the waist; back of tunic ornamented with gold fringe, cord and tassels ; small flat shaped i hat, blaok and rose colored velvet, gold band and , pendants, white . feathers tipped i with gold, cockade : at side; hair falling down the , back in two plaits i with streamers of rose colored ribbon; ornaments consisting1 of earrings, necklace, brooch and brace-, lets. Mrs Wilkins appeared as Eoa. She/wore a sky blue satin train, ornamented with gold and silver stars of all, magnitudes and (he constella tions of Orion, trimmed ? with Chinese silks ; headdress silver coronet with two large stars ; long flowing tulle veilt trimmed .with bands of silver, and silver stars of large and small swe ; silver wand with oresoent. The Queen of the Ocean found a representative in Mrs H. J. Leplastrier. She wore a green tarletan over white silk, looped with sea weed and coral. Headdress sea weed and pearls and corals ; coronet silver starfish. Mrs J. G. Knight assumed the role of Nourmahal, the Maid of Cash mere. Her drawers were of white oashmere, trimmed with gold Idee ; and fringe scarf of blue silk and gauze, ornamented ' with silver and pearls ; blue satin 'boots, embroidered in silver and ornamented with tassels ; turban of green and white, surmounted with moon- and stars ornamented with diamonds, pink coral and turquoise ; strings of pearls pendent from the turban, and entwined in the tresses. of the hair ; armlets, bracelets and anklets of pearls and gold ; diamond necklet ; antique: white cornelian earrings. MisB Robertson, of Geelong, personated Night. She was attired in a dress of white glace, bordered with green,' surmounted by a robe of-' grenadine muslin of a pattern striped with grass, besprinkled with daisies,1 and looped up at intervals with sprays of grass, : dewdrops and. field daisies; corsage trimmed to correspond ; head dress grasB and daisies ; ornaments,. crystal. Mrs- Fred. Wright appeared as Moonlight; her dress was of white tulle, with doable Bkirfc bouillon; the- bouillon ^was- separated by bands of silver, the upper skirt trimmed with radiated stripes of silver, and silver stars, moon and stars, ornamented with diamonds, pink coral and turquoises ; strings of perals pendent from the tr^i^ ban-, and entwined in the tresses of - the hair ; ai^% lets,' braoelets; and anklets of pearls and gold, dia mond neoklet ;? antique white: cornelian earrings. Mrs^G,. G. Watson was ycj-yliandsdmely, attired ad a Marquise, in the reign of Louis the Bixteenth. The dress' comprised a skirt of blue satin, with flounces of' Brussels lace ; the train of rich maize Batin trimmed with ermine, and the stomacher orna mented with pearls and laco. On the head was a small maize cap, with plume of bine feathers. The aspect of the building was gay and brilliant beyond anything that the warmest : well- wishers ' of the f tf fe/ities could Have anticipated. The fact that tixfp^Boiug space was more restricted than on the occasion of the recent ball giveu by his 'Worship; the Mayor,' though a disadvantage in' siime re spects, was the reverse in others ; f ori ^yh'ilst tlibre was less room- for danciag on the one hand, the ne oeBsarily olosfei; gronpiDg ? of the partiMpators' iji; the recreations of the ? riight ' _ imported ; a peculiar brilliancy '; ? to the ' coup : ' d'ceit as a matter ''of;' flcenio !: effect; Tae decorations were simple, and at tbe same time highly effective. Between each pair of the double rows of pillars which- separate the wiDgs from the body of the apartment, arcties of : evergreens were erected, ex ton din ff both lonrntnrHnfillv find trniriH- pnrQniv-'flnfi from the centre of each arch depended a Chinese lamp,' the lights of which,' added iti' those'. '.of the1 ordinary means of illumination of tho building, shed a most unwonted lustre upon the scene of mirth. In1 eaoh' of the longitudinar spaces a mirror was placed -against the sidewalls/ The alcove immediately beneath- the organ' gallery was set apart for the accommodation of his Excellency and the other gneats. -In this division of 'the' building three mirrors were placed, and from either Bide of the roof depended a curtain of crimson drapery, fringed with white arid gold. The Semi circular space was carpeted,' ind supplied Vwitt conohes, chairs arid other drawingroom furniture. Overhead, and partially concealing the Philharmonic Society's organ, the Royal Standard of Great Britain was displayed in all the pomp of its histbrio blazonry, and around the walls and' gallery fronts the flags, of almost 'all nations ; and several others, which may bo most briefly described, in the language of the auction* advertisement, as too numerous * to pair tiouianse, nauntea tneir colors before the aancers' eyea. A ^portion 'of the gymnasium was s'et apart as a- place for the- dispensing of refresh ments prior to the sapper ;:: and, on the left of the building, looking from, the entrance, a table was devoted to the' 6npply; 6f ides to the ladies. At the extremity of the rooin, facing the visitor on his entrance, the portion' of the gym nasium net included as a place of refreshment was : partitioned .off by a wall of flags, across which ran in large letters; the; name of Mr Achilles King, as caterer. It must in justice be . admitted that the' prominence, thus given to the name of Mr King was not undeserved, .inasmuch as he ? certainly acquitted himself of his task as purveyor in frman ner wormy oi: me iBigueBB. commenaawon. , jluukuu, Mr King had in one respect, an unusually difficult ordeal to pass through, inasmuch as his wirieB were submitted to the judgment of a committee consist* ing of Colonel Smith, R. A., and Messrs ? Ploos Van Amstel, C. E: Bright and Kemp ; and through this' ordeal they passed,-, not merely, without 'condem- nation, but; with credit. Of Mr Kemp, who direoted and superintended-, the ; decoration1 of the building, and Mr Hill, builder, of Lutrobe-street, who executed them, , it would be difficult to speak in terms top. laudatory, inasmuch aa all sorts of probable or. possible : contingencies seemed to have been, by the forethought of these gentlemen (and indeed it isbntfair to assume of the committee of ma-' yn/tgement with which they were associated), foreseen and provided, against. ; : . : '. s ' ? ? The company began to arrive -in the building ? about eight o'clook, at whioti hour, arid moreover for some hours previously, it may be as well for the information of residents out of town, to state that rain was falling in a imost pitiless down-pour. It was considerably past, niae when the first notes of the National' Anthem announced the entrance of Mb Excellency: the Governor,' who' was accompanied : by his Worship the Mayor, the Mayoress, and the members of ? his Excellency's family and Suite. His Excellency proceeded up the southern wing of the building, . and on reaching the farther end, returned down, the centre, of the' apartment to the place already described 'asVesbrved for him , where he took a seat;, and watched from it the proceedings whioh immediately followed/ The' opening' dance was a quadrille, in whioh the Mayor had for hia partner Miss ? Manriert-Sutton, ' tho eldest daughter of his- Excellenoy. Brigadier- Generai Carey danced: with Lady Dry, wife of Sir Richard Dry,. -of .Tasmania ; and L'ieut.'-Col; Smith, E.Av, with. Miss' M. ? Mariners-Suttdn/ Messrs C. Eurie, C.E; Bright, - Col. Champi the hon. J. P. J 'Bear/' Mra H. Kaye; Mrs' 'Bear; and Miss lSmith,i of -Syndal] ' Tasmania; ' aiso took part in the set. Lady Manners-Sutton x was attired in o court dress of the.] present day, oomposed of mauve, silk trimmed 'with Oluny laoe) and .the , Misses ' Maoners- Sutton both wore dresses of white tulle over white silk, with pink roses , and -blue forget-me-nots. Amongst the / prettiest ?: dresses in the room was one of a lady representing Winter. The gentlemen's ; attire demands less notioe than that of the ladies. Three 'perfect cures' formed oonspiouous objeots of attraction, and Mr Piokers eill, as Paul Pry, : stood prominently forward from the miscellaneous ? i crowd. The: famous' baby or a . t oouple of weeks f sinoe; was developed into afull-grown;pers6nage:; and many other transformations of a soarooly less surprising character were observable. -Without entering into details, it may; suCJce to sny that the representa tives of the ;ma8culino section : of sooiety, were, no further behind, their fairer sisters than -,-. the proverbial to^tq of tho latter in matters relating to the toilette mast' render inevitable. The, pro- gramme of dances consisted of quadrilles, waltzes polkas and galops. The good old Sir Roger! de Coverley wound r np;,., the night, and ,.'it .wub entered into iyith gusto, and danced with spirit. ?'.'; AFbenoh paper states that' a signalman reoently went to sleep' on the Lyons railway, with his right leg on the rails-; that a passing train out it clean off; and that the sleeper did 'not discover his loss until he awoke'adme time afterwards' 'and attempted to walk. 'y ;'?' '?' ? ????'' ? . ?' '?? ?''/'??/-' ' '/ Petroleum- for' Asthma.— -A correspondent of' the Country Gentleman i writes1 to that journal:—' I have a son, six years' old, 'that had the asthma in the most distressing form for three or four'm'bnthB, when he wbb brie or two years oldi ' Wo tried every thing we could hear of without getting relief^ till wfixwere told to rub his- toeok and breast with ?gjjtohuxn, arid we used it both; orudo and refined,' experiencing very speedy relief and a final and permanent cure ; for be baa not uipoo h,nd, a return o! it, end Js SOW a very healthy phiia,' 