METROPOLITAN AUTUMN RACE MEETING. THE PLATE DAY THE Metropolitan Autumn Race Meeting of 1866, which in all essential elements has been as successful a meeting as was ever held at Randwick, terminated on Saturday last with an excellent day's sport. Whatever the attractions of the preceding race days to certain classes of persons the last Saturday of the meeting is invariable regarded as the great and all important day to the great mass of the people; and the present occasion showed no exception to the rule. The attendance was very much larger than on any of the preceding days of the meeting, not only of that class of persons who are content to witness tile equine struggles from either side of the course, but of the well-to-do class who for a small additional outlay witness them from the stand. The Grand Stand was much more crowded on Saturday than on either the St Leger, or the Cup Day, and the number of ladies present was very much larger. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived on the ground early in the afternoon, and re- mained until after the three mile race for the Queen's Plate. Tho present meeting has been distinguished beyond oil ita predecessor» for the delightful weather that has pre- vailed throughout, on ench of tho fjur da)R it has beoa all that tho most fastidious could de ire, and it is scarcol) necessary to add that this contributed material!} ti the success of tho meeting An excellent band waa in att id- óneo duiing tbo four dii)s and pu-formod appropriate selections of music in the enclosure in front of tbo grand stand A detachment of the Metupohtan Police 1 orena« on tho ground durinir each di), but bc)ond dening tho coureo thero was little for the constables to do, tho titra ist older j rev ailing on all sides Last but bv no moins least in importance wero the arrangements of tho comm ssai-i it deDnrtment, ann they wero all that could bo expected on a racecourse Air O Brien, of lattoisall b proviilel a luncheon, ulm li lncluled ever) deltcft"), for tho members of tho Club and their fírmela in tho Jockey Club room and a substantial luncheon foi tho general public in tbo other largo room, under tho Grand Slind Oula de of tho enclosure were the) Dcrbj Stand (taken b) Mr Perrv of Pen-) s Hotel), and a long line of booths from which refreshments vvoro served to all who viero prcpircd to pay a reasonable price fir them We must not omit to remnrk, moreover, tint thearringc ments of tho Inspector of A chicles for putting down, but more particular]) for taking up uaseengera at the gates, viere most ptrleet, and that b) tbo pi in adopted at tho pre sent meeting ns well as at that in et plomber ln¡.t, nil that rushing and crowding it the gates, arising from the crush of vehicles and loot passengers- fruitful sources of danger at i revious meetings-arc molded, nnd persons leaving the course hav o reasonable chance ol getting to tho busses or cabs without much risk to hfo or limb It is sntisfactorv to be oblo to report that the meeting has passed ofT without an ncvident eo far as wo hav o heard, of any kind Ay ith regard to tho racing on tho Saturda), a detalle 1 account is appended, and therefore little of a genoral elia rncter need bo said here lhe Rous Handicap waa tho Hist event on the card lho Pitaford colt w13 the most fmcicd for this race, on account of his easy vtctorv m the St Leger, but manv pooplo believe that no uno can ndo him liko Thompson, and therefore) wero b) no means disappointed at sccinf, lum run »eccnd with anothei joeke) up, notwithstanding that the jocko) (Aahwoith) vc ho rodo lum on Saturday us one of tho very best we hive on tho turf, 1 ho w inner w as found in Cossack, whose tior formancea since tho St Leger havo entitled him to be con sidercd tho best three year old wo havo in tho colony, lho next race was tho Randwick Handicap, tbo pn/o for which wa« pulled off cloverl) b) Mr Ivor) s littlo maro Sultan Yattendon, the winner of the Cup, was entered for this race as well as for the Queen's Plate, and he was backed to win both, but being snatched for the Plate on Friday evening he was at once made first favourite for the Handicap. He was withdrawn, however, during tho day—a proceeding which created much surprise and disappointment among his backers. 1 ci tho Queen s Plate thero waa but three starters, tarragon. Canobie, and Cossack, an I tho old horse wa9 backed at 2 ti 1 to win it Man) persons believed that Cossack would not bo «ent for it, nfler winning tho Kous Handicap, and more behoved that if ho wero sent ho would not have tho ghost ot a chance against such 1 colebratod three milo horse aa 1 nv ragon lho event proved, however, that tbo colt ha 1 fut enough for tho old horse, and could go all tho distance) Inrragon could not onco get t) tho Iront after tho first Suarter of a mile, although ho repeatedly tried to get there unng tho race Mr A Thompson waa warmly congra- tulated on his success in pulling off the Queen's Plato and ho ma) well feel proud of his coll, who ha» won th» Minden Plitc, tho Rous Handicap, and tho moat coveted prize of all-tho Queen a guineas-without the application of whip ort-pur Cossack ia a fine chesnut colt, by Sir Herculie, out of Tops), and was bred by Mr John L«o, of B)long, nur Bathurst In noticing Cossack's victor), however, we muBt not omit to givo duo credit to his jocko), lielle),who rodo with a skill and judgment vvh ch pro miseá well for the future lho Nurscr) Handicap was booked for i ishhook, on whom many enthusiastic al mirera did not heeitnto to luv odds, but hero again the " pot boiled over, ' and tho pri/3 went to Mr Tait s uilt, lho Barb, who waa never asked to race Mr 1 ait was warrah congratulated b) his friends on tho success of his colt in defeating tho redoubtable Fishhook, for a finei colt never sported silk at Randwick Tho hnil event of the meeting was the Iorccd Handicap, which brought a held of thirteen to the post \nttondon, backed at even monev against tho field to win it, and up to the last few strides it appeared a certain!} for him hut in a desperate ruell at tho finish young binnie) earned the yellow jacket and black cap upon Warwick, lo tho front, and wua hailed lho winner With tin:, much b) wa) of preliminar), wo append a more minute account of tho transactions of tho day I irst Unce -lho llous Hnndie-ip of 10 sovereigns oach for acccj tor? h f , with 100 sovereigns added, for ¿ )cnrs, lj milo and 2-10 yards Entrance, ~> sovoreigna. 9 subs Mr, A. Thomson's cb c Cossick J ycirs, S st 2 lbs (I Kum) 1 A Ioelersbr li The I'ltsford 3 year.. Jet (Ashworth) 2 W Uinpir ¡> b li 1 jr-imup, 3 yiars, " Et S lbs (1 c1« irils) i M C y mil s b c Iliv mel Mutin (late Chirles YUicrt), 3 vears, 7 st Albs Bettinp- Lven money on The Pits ford, 5 to 4 against Cossack, 3 to 1 eich against Pyramus, and Dav and Mart« Day and Marlin got tho best of it at tho start, and he led past lho stand, w iib P) 1 ainua second, Cossack third, and lho Pitsfoid laBt Iso nit ration of portion occurred until the) leached tho back of tho c ur6o, when Pyraraus w cut up to Day and Marlin, cellared, and passed him Cossack and IhoPilsford also closed up, ann beforo they reached the Delby Comer the four were all in a heap to pether A\ hen entering tho straight running P)rimii8 and tessackwero racing stndo foi strido together, with tho other pair closo in tho rear , but at the distauco post Cos- sack shook Mr Dangar s horse oil and ran homo an cas) winner b) several lengths, IhoPitsford, m tho last fow stride«, defeating P)ramua for second place Day and Mat tin was a bad fourth limo, 2 minuto« 381 seconds Second Roco-lho Randwick Handicap of 10 sove- reigns each for acceptors, h ft, with 100 sovoreignB addod, for nil horses , 1J milo Second horse to receive 29 sove- reigns from tbo prif-.o A winner of any handicap after tho declaration of weights to carry G Ibu, extra , tho wmnor tj{ J lhc Svdney Cup \ Ibu , of the» City Il-indicap 3 lbs, pf both G lb« Additional Fntrnnco, 6 sovereigns 13 aub» Mr T Itorj-edi in Stilton«., i j-ctr« SULJIIM (J Kino) 1 C. 1-e-c H pr f Kipplio 1 yelrs 0 st R lb« (OcorR 1 2 C1 llirr s ch i, Inténtalo, aftcd, 8 st r lbi, (Ramil)) 3 fl nofp n« e-li li Ilunde-e 4 j cars 8 Bt 7 1b' I 1 «It pch c I eleon I rrnr« 8 st 7 lb« 1 Anirac ch g Or| han, bj sirCtini et, 1 } ars 7 6 I Un J hcithf.li cr llncclct, 0 yr-irn, 7 st Tibs licit mt; 2 to 1 against Sultan«, r> lo I against 1 llc^a, 1 to 1 pp-ainRt Bundoo lind Bracelet, 5 to 1 erb. against Snj j bo und Fe tculiilo After several nttemptit, nnd one break awaj, tho lot gît e fl upon tolerably equal terms, Dundeo leading, Bracolet Fcrcnd, Sultnn» third nnd Falcon fourth Thu ordir veine maintiuned rtund to the rocka turn, whoa Tnlcon went np and passed Sultana, nnd almost immediately after linirclel passed Dundee, nnd took up the running Hie ffurhowcvci were »erj eljse together, and before reach ing the Derby corner Sultana had gone up past 1 nlcon and Dundee and was lacing with Bracelet As they carno in between tko i eil« Sappho emerged fr ni tho ru k, ran past ker hornea and cMnjed to reach Sultana vvhj teforo reacting the du-tanco post had disposed of Bracolot lui the effort wilt, fiuitleffl, and Mr Tvorv s littlo miro kept in frent lo the finish, Mr I ce still} running ngood second,' nid Potentate abad thud lime, 2 minutes 17' seconds Third Karo-Xho Queen a Flate, of 200 sovereigns, for all boree», I miks 2 j ears a feather, d years, 7st 21bs , 1 vcarp, Oat 2111 , öjcirs, lOst , Ojeara and aged, lOit ?libs Aluna und gcldmgrf allowed Ubi Entrince, 5 sovereigns, le t,o lo tho second horpe 7 subs Ml \ llirmFbiih ch r Co nek jvcir* "ni 21b- (Colley) 1 W. Town's b. h. Tarragon, aged, 10st. 1lb. (Higgerson) 2 riirmim Si HiM,n s b li Cinobie, aged lObl lib (Iligmn boltom) 3 Helling 2 to 1 on Tarragon, 3 to 1 each ngaiQBt Cossack nnd Canobie Al lho fill of lho flag Canobio went to tho font, tho old h^ipo being second, and tho colt third Hie I it lei how- ever, after entering tho straight running, pished Tarrion aid Canobiu and ve mt to (he front In passing the st- ind alter lho flikt half unie, which was very alow, lho toll waa leading, Canobie was three lergths behm I him, aid Tarragon four length« behind Canobie ^hortlj after pnfsing (ho recks tarragon nnd Canobio tided up, ind in pnaMLg lho two milo post tho threo were (lew) together, Cossack still having a slurht load Cnnolii no»» 1 cgrn to find the paco too tood for bien, nnd had then foro to lo emtent with tho third place, while Ce isark and Tarragon went on at a t>] in! ing pice a length Í ni j separa! in,; them An they niproachod the Dorbv cerner, larrngon maclean effort togct upalongsido tho colt, but no fooner did ho get up to Gossa k 6 flanks thin tho 1 ilttr shook him off again All up tho straight running and rant the aland Cofun k still I I by a length while Cunt hie wau falling considerably to tho rear l'ait tho Bocks lum, lound tho Denison corner, and along tho back di cub the pair raced at a terrille pace, Xarragon Icing unablo to cellar the colt although doing lila very test So thej carne on into the straight nuning, vvhon Ilipgerson pulled out bia whip and plied it vigorously, bul all waa of no avail, und tho roll amid thunders ( f npplautc fir m th" pcojl) on the ¡.Und anX tho-"p who lind the rai!", rame up the conri-o tv»o lengths in nd» ince of the old champion, and pulled off lho guineas, untouched Ij uluporfpui tarragon s iltfeit was n severo blow to his patt), who regarded the race ns a certainty for him Cossack nnd hi-, jockey (Collej whoso riding was the admiration of all who witnessed it) vero loudly ch"-orcd as thej entered lho cntlosuro m front of the stand, anl nguri as tho boj left the yard nftei weighing lime, 5 minutes r>\ peconds loutlh lince-The Nursery Handicap of 10 sovor igns each for acceptor», h ft 100 bovcreignB adaccl, for 2 vears, ¡J milo T'to winner of an) raco niter dec'nrition of weight« to carr) 7 lbs extra hntrnnce, 5 sovereigns 11 subs Mr J ralfe br c The Barb, 7m 121b« (Martlneer) 1 H li-hcr"sb e I-iibuook 8 st 121b (D O linen) 2 I Lex'nch h Bylenc, fl st 7 lbs (tt George) 3 Ilsber'sb c IhiilolJRbt, 8 «t 8 lbs Ixibcrolt s b f MIM Corn bus, C at C lb«, A Bowman'* gr f Korain, C st 2 lbi Betting even moue) on F ishhook, 3 to 1 oach against tho Bulb and Birdelight, mid a longer pnce about tho remainder Tho Barb jumped off with the lead, closely followed bj Billielight and X ishhook. As thej approached tho Derbj eotntr,~tho Barb increased hi« lead, but when within t'ie rails both (he Victorian colts had closed up and it was con ildenlly expected that Xjibbhook would win ii macinter The Bnib, however, had too much foot for both ol them, and he increased his lead to several lengths befo-o reiehmg tho post Bj long caine with a rush at the finish, nnd dttei ed Btidehght for thud place lime, 1 inmuto 19 «ocond-e A private mnteh betvecn two hacks, Canden and Dorn, the foimcr ridden bj Ashworth and (hi 1 liter bj Unrknes-, now caine eff, and vi is won bv Camden Fifth Race.—The Forced Handicap of 5 sovereigns each ( 30 sovereigns added), for all winners—those of Hurry- Scurry and two years races excepted—for which and all beaten horses entrance optional, but acceptance obligatory 1¼ mile. The winner to pay 5 guineas to the club. The following handicap was issued:— Yattendon, 9 st. 6 lbs.; Warwick, 8 st. 2 lbs.; Forester, 8 st. 2 lbs.; Sultana, 8 st. 1 lb.; Cossack, 7 st. 12 lbs.; Union Jack, 7 st. 10 lbs.; Potentate, 7 st. 7 lbs.; Falcon, 7 st. 5 lbs.; Dundee, 7 st. 3 lbs.; Rarey, 7 st. 2 lbs.; Bracelet, 7 st.; Tim Whiffler, 6 st. 12 lbs.; Praxiteles, 6 st. 7 lbs.; Cock- a-Hoop, 6 st. 7 lbs.; Lady Wildare, 6 st. Dundee and Cossack wero scratched The following is the result of the race :— Mr Tait's Warwick, 8 st. 2 lbs. (Stanley)..................... 1 Merry' br. h. Yattendon 9 st. 6 lb. (Holmes)........... 2 Ivory's ch. m. Sultana 8st. 1 lb. (J. Kane).............3 Betting 5 to 4 against Yattendon, 2 to 1 against Sul- tana, and 5 to 1 against any thing else in the race Union Jack jumped off with the lead, with Sultana second, the remainder being all in a heap behind. In passing the Rocks turn, Yattendon, who had been lying in the middle, put on the steam, improved his position at every stride, and at the Derby corner was leading, with Dundee and Sultana close upon his flanks, and the ruck, including Union Jack, who had fallen back, immediately in the rear. As they entered the rails Warwick came out of the ruck, passed Sultana and Dundee, and raced up the coursc with Yattendon, defeating him at the post by half a length. Sultana was four or five lengths behind, and the others were very much scattered. Time, 2 minutes 17 seconds. This was the last event upon the card, and as dusk was coming on, the crowd upon the course made a sudden re- treat homewards. The prizes will be paid over in Tattersalls long room at eight o'clock to- night, and the general settling will take place immediately afterwards. 