ANGLING. The Angling Hatch. TO THE EDITOE OF THE AUSTBiXASUIT. Sir,-To attempt to go fishing on an advertised day for an jangling match' is tantamount to a disappointment. ThenaVniy: sentiments. The fottrth>of thbse matches, or xather, 6 continuance of the, third, took place on Saturday last ad the usual place. Ttie weather was really deligbtfuj." A gentle ®uQi west wind was blowing-just enough to .put a nice ripple on the watep. I^was a jnjjl.. fisherman's day. I fully n^de up^ojinmd to have a first-rate daj'B 8port, fpr eFerything ufae, or rather eeemed to be; in our fevaur, A couple of friends andself, all eqthuaiastio anglers, took a our. on Saturday last, *&& arrived at Ealeigh'e Punt justas the-smok© of' the signal for commencing iras melting into thin air. Before wetoul&gefcOutpf; tH6oar about thirty of the disbiplf^' of Old Iz&ai; were at it hammer and tpngs. "VVe niflhejl, tlje punt, secured jojxjf, ..$1*_ " scampered off like, a j^xoel.. of sohoolboys .juBt let loose for . a -haU>h9lidqy. ; We went up etmm,ito iry tour luck, >as .theii majority, of theotheniSiad gone- flown, imd M Iliada notion tfaotf rtofcw^Wiiry sUkfly ip^ vliich would be tino^upC4d. ; Bbr I was trolling ouil^ ' the boatie rowing |j»* the »y own, by an JSP#/, youth, where away££ »W?PW> * jnuat go andlopl; qafrfmt^yo^ have forestalled me." " ITotabit ofitj tbare*D plenty of room for you. here "ii;^,W«Ui sfjon. don't objeot, I dpn^switlwrt /I>jrfwuld/, Down I ivent, unpadkedlmy trapi, put every thing ^hipjbape, «^epowt operations. Uf course the, first iquutisn,,yrpt the old one, « Ha^ . "apjr/JtofJF': no, you ^au ffMubeljr jgfflF &*&''''&&?,' 1^' there are a parcel <if1ttSi> brutes/ WMchkwti you fully ocoupiM-'ifa'Raiting >"'&& 1)a!t* Come,v «ud I, " thUVi'"M^r lIan notiung j :?rlt ifl jtist withinthal botfniiU^f ptoiibibfr «gjwhe» tbej*»re«tfk-ftftw, tharejijAy,)^ temperament, X was not .going to be ca$t down about trifles, so I continued to feed said little brutes, in the hope that some grandfather, or at least a father, who might be near, and watching with a paternal eye the tricks of his rising progeny, would "be tempted to try the flavour oi mj shrimps. Afcer about half an hour's waiting I had a splendid run. I hooked him like a shot, and commenced to play him. He was pretty lively, although not very large, but above the required size. I was juBt thinking of landing him, when I felt the strain . go off, and he was, off with it. I hauled up, and discovered that he had broken the hook short off. Lots of good wishes were heaped on the devoted heads of the makers and vendors of such rubbish, you may depend. I boon bent on another, and commenced again. My line had not been in two minuteB be fore I had another fine run. This was. really a first-rate fish, and no mistake. I in stantly had visions of being the first prize taker. I set to work with a will, and played him carefully. It was a game of give and take with us for about five minutes, and I could feel that be was not coming up to scratch nearly so well $ in fact, he was just about lioked. I reeled up carefully, and had got him close to the feeds, which he must have seen before under similar circumstances, for it seemed to me that as soon as he «aught sight of them he threw all his remaining strength into one final struggle, and dived again info the " vasty deep." That was the last I saw of him. Like Lord Ullin, the hard-hearted parent," I was left lamenting." I felt inclined to throw the whole "bag of tricks" after the gay deceiver, bat I thought better of it. The jaae-fortune-had certainly forsaken me, hut I defied her 5 and being a lady, no doubt eh? was vindictive, and served me out, for riothing more did I get. I stood patiently for a long time, gazing at the end of my rod-so long, that I think I must have begun to squint. My friend beside me was doing nothing, so'I asked him just to have a look at my shop now and then, and I would take a stroll and see if anyone was doing anything! I passed several ones and twos, but from all the same doleful answer " Not a nibble." Long faces and empty baskets was the order of the day. The only man who really seemed to be happy was, Hke old Jack T?alataff, fat. His rod was re clining in a moBt graceful manner against a bush, and he waB sitting on the bank, bare headed, and with - his sleeves turned up. The short legs formed a capital A, the cross in the centre being formed by a couple of bottles of beer, from them he was .compounding half-and-half with which to wash down a lump of bread and bullock enough to lighten a " navvy." It seemed to me that he had made an appointment with at least half a dozen friends.to have, a nice little pic nic, and aB they bad not turned up, he was making a martyr of himself by eating the whole dose rather than waste the mercies. I was very hungry myself, but here was the land of Goshen, and.if it was not flowing with milk and honey, there was something flowing which was more congenial to my taste, and I thought I could make it all right for a smack, so I en tered into conversation in the usual way, "Had any luck ?" He did make some sort of answer, but I am as innocent of knowing what it was aB if he had Bpoken in the Chinese language, his mouth being full at the time. I was afraid to tempt him to speak again, for fear of choking him. I put him down as an old curmudgeon, atod passed on. If be managed to get outside the pile of grub and beer which he had laid out before him, I would at once put him on board wages. Leaving him alone in his glory, Xitiadp ft tour of more than a mile; but it wbb ditto, ditto, ditto. At six o'clock there was not a single basket came up to the re quired five pounds,, so the prizes revert to the Winners of tbe previous Saturday. The largest fcish -on Saturaav 'last was taken by Mjv Brotherton, and weighed one pound fi^e" 'ounces/ . " Before I close this letter I may as well mentjon one < thing which has struck me very often wj>en I .have.beep coming home with little "or nothing in my basket. It is this. Is lit not possible for some enterprising person or persons to get-a lease of a piece of the Saltwater Ttiver-say, from the Racecourse, up to ftylomon's Tbrd-stock itwith fish; anil preseirye it strictly. Kke the rivers at home, j&reij; eng^erihen would, for the payment of Aflif pence or a shilling-a day, or so much for?, [theiseason, have an opportunity of going out for jrool and not coming home shorn. I have Spoken to a good inanylteen anglers on this subject, and they all agree with me that, if it edujd be done, it would be a great bdon. and 'WOiild be hailed as such by all true lovers of angling. J wauld Jbe happy to hear what the brethrenthink of this. I have great faith in jtmysplf. Will " Izaak's Ghost," or any I "pder man" state what.be thinks, about it, iujfthis would be tbe proper time to begin to feet ready for the next season. Yours truly, PIKE. 