PROFITABLE POULTRY FOR FARM- YARDS. (From the Essex Herald.) The breeding of poultry as an important article ; of food has been but little considered until lately. The supply has been left in part to producers who have limited capital and intelligence, and foreigners have found it profitable to supply the deficiency in our own markets. The question of poultry as, food has been overlooked altogether for a long time, except as a luxury and the prices of table fowls and eggs place them beyond all persons of small means. There is in the English taste and habit a desire for flesh as food, such as beef, mutton, and pork, for which poultry flesh is certainly a poor substitute. During the time of the Irish famine political economists of the Duke of Norfolk school wondered why, in addition to the " pinch of curry soup," the Irish would not eat the fish with which their rivers and coasts abound. A daily diet of " pinch of curry soup" and of fish might suit those who could add the glass of sherry and the wheaten loaf and wanted the help of Banking but it is not exactly the food where bread is scarce, and even pure water rare, to give the necessary sinew of those who live by the sweat of the brow. The English roast and boiled mountains of flesh that we have been accustomed to for centuries have much to answer for, and can have no advocates except in the butcher and the cook, whose purposes they have well served. What very small family has not sighed over the " cold mutton again to-day, which will be hashed to-morrow, and then has exhausted the ingenuity of an English cook. Everywhere a change is coming on the old " joint" is giving way before more attractive less wasteful, and less expensive dishes. The almost impossible piece of butcher's meat and the improbable piece of pork, hard and priceless, and wastefully cooked, which go when attainable only to the Sunday dinners of many of our laboring poor, would be well replaced by cooks leaky; and were there frame and weight and moderate price poultry might do more than minister its delicate morsels to the rich, the dainty, and the sick. It is not only necessary that the farmyard should be fully stocked, but that it should be well stocked, so that eggs and chickens may abound all through the year. To know how to do this is one of the first and most important steps in poultry keeping. Of pure breeds, Dorkings, whether colored or white, are the best food producers, being delicate and white in flesh, with an equal distribution of fat. A preference is given to the speckled or grey Dorking, because it is larger, hardier, and fattens more readily than the white, which has a tendency to yellowness in the flesh and fat. Dorkings have reached a size and colour perfectly marvellous in comparison with the coarse old breed of this name. As chickens they are difficult to rear, and they are more liable than other fowls to croup, that rinderpest of the poultry yard. The Brahmapootra are excellent mothers, and are layers of very large rich eggs, yielding even during winter when snow is, on the ground an average of five eggs a week. As chickens they are very hardy at eight months they are in their prime ; they fatten easily, but want the breast needful for a showy table fowl. The Cochin produces chickens which, if killed at and under five months old, are like the Brahma, excellent for eating, but with the same defect. They are particularly useful as suppliers of eggs and early chickens, even in winter, when the young, unfledged, ostrich-look- ing birds may be seen running about in the snow lively and hardy. They are" capital mothers, I and lay a remarkably rich, large city They can hear confinement which would be death to other birds, are easily restrained from moving by a fence four feet Billiard do not care to go away more than a few yards from home unless hunger presses them to look for food. The precocity of Spanish pullets in laying the enormous size of their eggs, and the constant supply render them objects of interest as food producers; but they seldom sit, are bad mothers if they do, are difficult to rear as chickens they consume much food without fattening, and are therefore worthless as table fowls. The he intiful Hamburgs are " everlasting layers," but their eggs are small. If they have a wide, wild range they will sit ; if not, they seem to lose the desire. As table fowls what there is of them is good, but they are birds rather of fancy than of the farmyard. Any one of these breeds taken separately, except perhaps in same measure the Cochin and the Brahma, would leave the farmyard without eggs and chickens for a long period during the year, while the breeding stock would be eating off their heads. To remedy this by keeping two kinds distinct would entail separate yards, and an amount of care, skill, and expenditure, which could only be repaid at fancy prices, such as an average of ten shillings a head. Some of the most celebrated breeders and exhibitors average their sales of stock by public auction at a guinea for each bird. Mrs. Ferguson Blair, who has practically tried the rearing of poultry, addressing farmers on the stock suited to farmyards, gives the following advice :-" Purchase a Brahmapootra cock and four hens ; set every egg. From these keep all the pullets, and kill off the cockerels. In autumn sell or exchange the adult Brahma cock far a large grey Dorking, and your yard will then be stocked for the season. If you can board out the Brahma cock he will again be of use in the following spring with your adult Brahmahcns ; but on account must he be allowed to remain in your own yard with the pullets. A cottager, for a remuneration, will gladly take charge of him, and rear as many chickens as is desired for carrying on the system. In this way your original stock will supply your yard for many{scasoiis.From30BrahmapulIctsyouwillhavc above 10 dozen eggs a week all winter; and the cross with the Dorking produces the finest possible chickens for market, but not to breed from. Pure Brahmas alone must; be kept for that purpose ; I have always found the second cross worthless. As Brahmas do not constantly show a desire to incubate, their period of laying being much more extended than that of Cochins, some of these hens (nor the leggy, tucked-up looking things so often called such, but short- legged, compact, well feathered birds) may with advantage ie be kept to act as mothers ; they sit early and are capital nurses." Fowls may thus with judicious treatment and feeding be made to weigh eight pounds instead of four, and at the same or perhaps less cost, commanding higher prices and a surer sale than the usual poultry produced in a farmyard. _^___^___ A MALICIOUS "GHOST." At a ball recently given in Berlin, on the seventeenth birthday of the daughter of one of the noblest families, a mysterious figure-- a monk masked entered the saloon precisely at midnight, and disappeared after having presented the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining the contents an Colony coffin was found inlaid with silver, containing a bridal wreath, an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written A greeting from the world of shadows." Though the mother became insensible, the young countess did not lose her presence of mind, but continued dancing and betrayed no emotion whatever 