THE BIBLE SOCIETY. The twenty-first annual meeting of the South Austra lian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society, was held at the Adelaide Town Hall, on Thursday evening, October 25. There was a very large atten dance, and the Hon. W. Peacock, M.L.C., presided. The proceedings were initiated by the Rev. James Jefferis, who read an appropriate portion of scripture, and offered up prayer. The Chairman then made a few remarks. He said they had met together that night, to sympathise with each other in the cause of the spread of the Word of God. He then referred to the good which had been done, and hoped that much more would be done. Ho rejoiced that they were privileged to meet together that night, and he hoped that they would go from the meeting that night, exclaiming ' It was good to be there.' That every one might be able to have acopy of the Holy Word was the aim of that Society, and he hoped those engaged in the great work might be even more successful in their work. He should not detain them longer, as those gentlemen whom he saw around him would be able better to address them than he could. He then called upon The Rev. W. B. Andrews who read the twenty -first annual report of the Society as follows : — ' There is only one point in which the British and Foreign Bible Society, from the time of its foundation to the present moment, may seem at all to have altered its character. This alteration has not, indeed, resulted from a change in one iota of its principles, but has rather been an enlargement upon its original purpose and procedure. That purpose at the beginning was simply to cheapen the Holy Scriptures, and, so make them more easy of access to all who wished to obtain them. Its practice is now not only to issue, or even to circulate, but to call a world-wide attention to, and, by all legitimate means, recommend to mankind the accep tance of the Sacred Volume. The consequence is that, from being a benevolent machinery for the multiplica tion of copies of the Book of God, it has become virtually a ' Ministry.' Without departing from its principles — not to teach or preach, or put forth any humanly-expressed creed — it has become an evangeli zation society, the greatest, perhaps, the world has ever seen. Hence, the Annual Report of its doings and progress, obtains an interest which could hardly at one time have been expected from it. Brought alongside of, and often into collision with, the opinions and in tellectual movements of this morally-convulsed and wonder- breeding age, the Society's operations afford more than dry statistics (however satisfactory) to record as the year comes round. Regarding the Holy Scrip tures (as the Society does) as containing God's unadul terated truth, we are invited to witness that truth going forth year by year to its conflicts with many-sided error, always the same, yet equally adapting itself to the ever-shifting ground and changing garb of its oppo nents. The mere increased circulation of the Scriptures, under such circumstances, is itself instructive ; and, when the manner of that circulation is observed, it becomes still more so. We are constrained to say, ' This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes.' ' The Society's finances are represented as being in a most satisfactory condition, showing an increase under several of the most important heads of receipt The total receipts of the year have amounted to £171,375 10s. 2d. At the same time the financial engagements of the Society amount to £109,121 5s. 7d., the payments of the last year havjng been £10,000 in excess of the receipts ; all which, while it indicates on the one hand how many new openings of usefulness are continually presenting themselves, shows on the other that the warmest and most liberal support is needed to enable the Society to pursue its course with energy and freedom. 'The strong confidence which the Society's agents have in the fitness and efficiency of the written Word for overcoming error, causes them to regard with hope rather than fear the magnitude of the evil amid which it is being launched. Thus, M. Pressensee, the French agent, while he speaks of the floods of infidelity, which are still on the increase in France, does so as one who but sees the field of his labor enlarging, or even whiten ing for the harvest. For, with a negative infidelity giving place to a positive and daringly- asserted atheism, and with a general upheaval of all old and traditionary religious opinions, there is still this fact that the Bible is bought aud read more widely than ever, insomuch that there has been an increase upon the former year of 5,000 copies circulated, making in all 92,479 distributed throughout France during the past year. ' And,' says M. Pressensee, ' the point which is calculated to afford most satisfaction, as showing the reality of the work now going on in France is, that the ent re number of copies circulated by the colporteurs have been sold.' Thus, then, the country whose religious history has hitherto swayed between a blind submission to an authority which has enslaved it to superstition, and an equally blind adoration of natural reason, which has led it astray, seems now (through the instrumentality of your Society) to be widely submitting itself to an. authority which cannot enslave, and to a reason which cannot lead astray. One very intelligible cause of the freer circulation of the Scriptures among those persons whom the colporteurs could scarcely have hoped to reach, has been the discovery by them of the disinter estedness of the British and Foreign Bible Society. They have been charmed and surprised to find that the books offered for sale afforded no manner of profit to the vendors, and captivated by the discovery of a motive at work, ever the most powerful, they have been drawn into frequent purchases. The French agent's report abounds with instances where the Bible, after being purchased, has been found to contain * the pearl of great price. ' In Belgium, where the impediments arising from a spreading infidelity are great, and where, even more than in France, the opposition of the priests of the estab lished religion has to be encountered, a good work is, nevertheless, going on. The issue of copies for the past year amounts to 11,473, which, though it shows no particular increase in the sale of Bibles and Testa ments, shows a larger demand for portions of the Scrip tures to the amount of 4,048 copies. One of the col porteurs comments upon this distribution of separate portions of the New Testament, as being found of 'great use in spreading the knowledge of the Word of God. ' The circulation of the Scriptures in Germany, during the past year, has surpassed by several thou sands those of any former year. ' In Austria the issue of copies has risen from above 25,000 to upwards of 5S,000 for the past year. The total circulation of the Word of God throughout Germany, during the year, amounts to 415,000— an in crease, compared with the previous year, of about 25,000. In some parts of Germany the Society has been able to do much this year in aiding, by free grants of copies of the Scriptures, various institutions having for their object the spiritual welfare of different classes of the community. ' Turning to Italy, the Report, while recognising th danger in which a people newly emancipated from des« potism and superstition stand, of using their liberty only for political ends, or of abusing their liberty to a resistance of that truth which makes free indeed ; and, also, lamenting that evidences of such a result were already beginning to abound, nevertheless takes courage from the fact that 28,152 copies have been distributed in this country during the past year, a number little short of the previous one ; and also states that the colporteurs are showing themselves singularly faithful and untiring in obtaining a circulation (amid much difficulty) for God's written Word. ' And so we might go on following the Report of the Society's operations into eveiy country of Europe, from no tract of which (with the exception of Spain and part of Italy) does the influence of the British and Foreign Bible Society appeal- to be now excluded or to be denied some measure of success. We might speak, too, of its triumphs, slender indeed, comparatively, but absolutely great, which it is making in such countries as India and China in the East, and Mexico in the West ; but it is needful to turn to the more immediate object of this Report, and give a brief account of the proceedings of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society during the past year. ' The issue in the colony for the past year amount to 4,656 Bibles, 3,279 Testaments and parts. The total issue for the year is 7,935 copies, being an increase over the previous year of 1,546 copies. The total issue by this Auxiliary Society since its commencement, now amount to 81,974 copies. ' Your Committee would thankfully call attention to the fact of the great increase in the circulation of the Scriptures during the past year among ourselves. It is gratifying indeed to have the evidence more and more confirmed, not only that few of our fellow colo nists can be now remaining destitute of the Bible, but also, that we are upon the whole a Bible-loving people. Yet your Committee, as good stewards of the interests of this great institution, would suggest that, though here as ever ' charity begins at home' it cannot have its chief scope or interest here. In supplying our fellow colonists with conies of the Scriptures you are supplying them with that, 'in a cheaper form, which the greater part of them would, probably, possess themselves of under any circumstances, and though there were no British and Foreign Bible Society. But in sendingfree contributions to the Parent Society, you are helping to put- the Holy Scriptures into the hands of millions who. tould never otherwise have seen or possessed them ; yon are instrumental in making the 'Word of the Lord to have free course throughout the world, and doubtless in many parts of it to be 'glorified.' ? ' ' Your Committee have to report that a fresh _ depot kas been established at Hamilton, in connection with the Kapunda branch, 'and it is hoped that another one will shortly be established at Bagot's WelL 'Your Committee have also to report, in connection ?with the working of this Auxiliary, that an allowance of £100 per annum has recently been made to the Deposi tary in Adelaide for rent and expense of receiving, de livering, and selling the Bibles and Testaments, for which trouble and_ expense the Depositary has, up till very lately, received absolutely nothing, though up wards of 74,000 copies of the Scriptures have been re ceived, taken care of, and issued from his hands. The Committee feel sure that this step, involving as it does, an act of such mere ' equity,' will meet with the ap proval of all supporters of this Society. ' Your Committee have further to report that the Bianch Societies, which have this year had the advantage of visits from the Agent for the Colonies, the Rev. Dr. Tucker, accompanied by the Rev. W. Slatyer, from Sydney, have been found to be all in a vigorous state. 'A donation of £600 has been made to the Parent Society. ' Your Committee are sorry to feel it their duty to make a passing reference to a recent letter, from a Minister of the Gospel within this Province, impugning in the strongest language, the principles and practice of the British and Foreign Bible Society. That such an attack upon the lovers and circulators of God's pure wordshould emanate froinpro/awe quarters is to be expec ted, but thataMinisterof the word should lendhimselfto the language lately published under his name, is a matter to the Committee of unfeigned grief and aston ishment. 'Your Committee cannot conclude without calling upon you to thank God for the favor which He is evi dently continuing to vouchsafe to this great Society's operations — a favor distinguishable not simply by success, but by the character of that success, which carries it like His Gospel of old, ' through evil report and good report,' ever forward bearing its witness to God.' Mr. G. Phillips then read the finance report, which showed that £1,921 12s. 10d. had been received during the year, and the expenditure was £1,542 5b. 10d. leav ing a balance to the credit of the Society of £379 7s. The Rev. G. EL Fibs moved— ' That the report now read be adopted, printed, and circulated uuder the direction of the Committee.' He expressed his entire concurrence with the report, with the exception of one paragraph near the end, and expressed his sorrow that ouch an institution as the Bible Society should pass by such remarks without notice. (Hear, hear.) He re garded the Bible Society as a national Missionary Society, in which every one could take part. (Hear, hear.) He then referred to the great amount of good which had been done by the distribution of the Bible ' amongst the heathen, and remarked that without the Bible the Missionaries in various parts would not he able to do their noble work. He spoke of the great consolations which could be obtained from a perusal of Che Holy 'Word. There was an. allusion in. the. latter part of the report to political events at the present time, and their attention was called to Italy. Italy had united itself to Prussia, where the Bible was largely used, and he believed it would soon be spread all over Italy. Might God grant that that Society might still be the handmaiden of the Parent Society in spreading the Gospel until the 'Word of ihe Lord covered the earth as the waters covered the isea.' (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. Tockeb said that in travelling over the colony he had scarcely known whether most to admire the beautiful scenery and rich fertility of the soil, or the numerous pleasant homesteads, and the intelligent and thoroughly English character of the people. He thought that a Yorkshire yeoman, or a Lincolnshire farmer, would be proud to see such' a reproduction of ihe rural life of Old England, and if he had not heard everybody speak of dull times and depression, he should have concluded that the agricultural interests of this tfolony were the most prosperous of any in the whole of Australia. In Tasmania he had seen the fences broken, homesteads deserted, and the thistle growing almost as thickly as the corn grows here, and the wind wafted the seeds over the surrounding country like a snow-storm. In New South Wales the farmers were so impoverished, that the Oovernment had spent £11,000 in giving away seed to £ow the land and to keep many families from utter ruin; but here the houses and lands wery mostly owned by the Sanners, who lived amid plenty and who were generous in supporting every good work. Throughout the colony he had found a very hearty co-operation in ihe work of the Society, and a liberal contribution to its funds ; the exceptions were so few that they meie scarcely worthy of being named. He said tie should not trouble himself by referring to the opinions of other people as to the' Bible Society. The Bible needed no defence. At the same time the evidences of its authenticity and Divine inspiration, required to be sometimes clearly explained. One of the most learned scholars of Oxford, Dr. Pusey, in the preface of his great work on the Hook of Daniel, said 'This has been for some 25 years a deep ' conviction of my soul, that no book can be written in behalf of the Bible— like the Bible itself. Man's defences are mere words— they may help to beat off the attacks — they may draw out some portion of its meaning. The Bible is God's Word, and through it God, the Holy Ghost who wrote it, speaks to the soul which closes not itself against it.' And bo the Society which seeks only to print and circulate the Scriptures, needed no defence— it carried its own witnesses in the work it accomplishes — in the millions of Holy Scriptures it circulates, and the incalculable benefit it confers on all nations. Some times objections were offered against the prin ciples of the Society, or the details of its general operations ; which, for the sake of those among whom they are actively spread, need to be answered, and it was well known that such objections had been assiduously put forward in this colony. He had heard exception taken to the deposition of the former President of the Auxiliary — a gentleman of «rhoin be wished to speak with the greatest respect — whose amiability in private life was only surpassed by bis great learning and ability in the legal profession and on the judicial bench ; but he had written and pub lished opinions which the Committee considered im pugned the inspiration and authority of Holy Scrip ture, and they had concluded that such opinions were inconsistent with the position and office of their Pre sident, whatever might be his learning or rank, though he wore a ducal coronet or a royal crown. He would contend for tqe utmost freedom of discussion on all questions. Let men speak, write and publish what they please — let them preach, symbolise, and dress as they please, but surely they had a right to look for some congruity in all these, both in relation to time and place — some consistency and thoroughness — ' the right man in the right place.' They did not expect to see the Austrian General leading the Prussian troops ; and they were free to confess that their sense of propriety — of all truth and justice — was outraged when they saw Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, and at the game time the chief amongst 'Westminster Reviewers, and the army of ready writers, against the Bible and against Christ. At the same time it might be more profitable, instead of joining in clamor against his views, to pray that he might be led into truth, and that all Christians might keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. They were not afraid of enq\iiry, or of opposition. They remembered that an infidel ?writer at the close of the last century, said, as he laid down his pen, ' I have passed through the prophets and apostles, as the woodman amongst the trees of the forest, and have felled them. Here they lie ; now let the priests stick them in again, but they will never grow.' The hand that wrote soon lost its cunning, and the mind that conceived that sentence soon passed to the final account. But what had become of the fallen forest — the Holy Bible. It has been translated into 173 languages, and upwards of 85 millions of copies have been circulated, andjnillions of immortal souls have found that 'Word powerful, converting the souL And so the ephemeral writers of our day must pass, as the footprints on the sand, which the first returning wave obliterates, but the rock of divine truth, — 'the ?word of the Lord — abideth for ever.' But they were told that the Bible ' belonged to the Churches of the Apostolical succession, and that they alone had the right to distribute them.' Their right to the hook was challenged. They simply assert their right to the revelation God has given to them, deny it ?K-ho will ; and for this reason, that they find no such exclusive grant conveyed in the book. As the daTing as sumption was made without any argument to support it, he would not meet the objection in any other way than by a simple and bold denial of the right ; but he was prepared to enter into the arguments, and when he was gone out of the colony, he was sure that there were gentlemen on the platform who were well able to vindicate their right to the Bible — to have, to hold, to circulate. Then they have the old objection, that the book should only be circulated by the authorised in terpreter, and were told that tile pages of Scripture, the unadnltered 'Word will not save the nations. They contended for the sufficiency of Scripture, because they had the plain statement — that they 'are able to make ?us wise unto salvation ; ' and they had known of thou sands of instances in which the reading of the Divine Word had been so blessed of God. But their great Society was only one wheel in. the evangelical machinery of the Church. They did not ignore any other agencies ? such as schools and teachers, churches and ministers, and other means by -which the work of Christ may be promoted in the world ; but rather helped them all. While the Society sends out a broad stream of the Word of life, in about two millions and & half of copies yearly, let the Church send the clergyman and the teacher; and while on their banner they had — 'The Bible in the vernacular tongue without note or com ment,' as their motto, they had no objection to inscribe under it the Sixth Article of the Church of England — ' Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to sal vation; so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation.' He had been reminded that there were other Societies that were formed for the distribution of the Bible, and he had been always ready to acknowledge them. The National Bible Society of Scotland had more than doubled its circulation within three years past, and was now employing agencies in France, Italy, and China. It had 15 colporteurs in different parts of Italy and five in China. The issue last year was upwards of 204,000 copies, and the income of the Society more than £12,000. But this Society would be found to draw its supplies largely from the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Hibernian Bible Society had a cir culation of upwards of 72,000 last year, and had issued since its formation upwards of three millions of copies. These Scriptures were all drawn from the Parent Society. Other Societies were carrying forward a gimilar work in England, and by Missions abroad. Time would not allow him to enumerate. All of them were aided by the great Society whose interests he now pleaded. But there was one Society which had been in operation over 100-years before any other, and which had circulated religious literature and the Holy Scriptures in connection with the Church of England — the Society for promoting Christian knowledge. Some persons spoke of the British and Foreign Bible Society as though it were established in opposition, and still carried on in antagonism with this venerable and useful Society, and be was most anxious to correct this mistake. In the first place he would state that the Society was forme- to supply a want that the older Society could not supply. The Scriptures were needed in 'Wales in 1804, and_ the Committee' of the . Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge declined, after an earnest request, to issue an edition of the Welsh Scriptures. If they had complied with the solicitation of the Churches in Wales, certainly the great Bible Society would not then have been formed. He would ask were these Churches to wait for the Scriptures ; were the Sunday-schools to be closed ; was the advance of evangelization through $he world to* stay until the gentlemen of the Apostolical succession would condescend to print for them the Holy Scriptures? Was that the position now taken by men who called themselves Protestants? But further, it was said that the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge could now supply the wants of the Church of England. He would most dis tinctly say that it could not do so, even in the British Isles, and much less in foreign lands'. The issue of that Society last year amounted to more than six million of tracts, books, and Prayer-books, and of Bibles 185,424 ; of New Testaments, 156,353 ; and that was 51,164 less than the former year. Now the Church of England re quired the Holy Scriptures in upwards of 20 languages beyond any provided by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and these were all constantly supplied, and to any extent required, by the Bible Society. He would ask them was it candid in any one to say ' We have our own Society, and can supply our own Church?' Was it generous to say 'I am not a friend of the Bible Society ?' Belonging to a great Christian community, whose ministers aud schools were so deeply indebted to the Society, whose operations must be suspended without its liberal grants and cheap sales in so many languages, he would earnestly entreat those who could not co-operate at least to refrain from open assault. These two great Societies were working in beautiful harmony, and knew no antagonism. The Committees of the Propagation and Bible Societies were jointly engaged in the revision of the Tamil Scrip tures, each bearing half the expense of the literary work of revision, and the Bible Society alone defraying the cost of printing .the edition. On the mission field no such opposition was offered to the Society, and in these colonies if any antagonism was found in any quarter he would contend that it yas all on one side ; , he certainly disclaimed any share in such contention. The Society wa9 supported by thousands of the clergy and laity of the Church of England, -who were not only willing to confess the debt they owe to it, but to main tain the snlemn resnonsibilitv restinsr'on all who have the Bible to communicate it to others, and who rejoice to aid onwards the world's evangalization. Thousands were glad to follow in the steps of the late Archbishop of Canterbury, who said only a short time before his death in a brief note to the Committee, 'My senti ments respecting the British and Foreign Bible Society are the same that they have been for more then 50 years, and they are not likely to change whilst its principles and constitution remain the same.' The rev. gentleman then spoke of the power of the Scrip tures when translated into various languages, and their adaptation to all men as witnessed in the spiritual results of their distribution ; and while he congratu lated the friends of the Society on all that they had done, he trusted they would still hold their high posi tion among the auxiliaries of Australia in liberal sup port of the Society, and concluded by repeating the words of a poet who wrote a poem before the colonies were separated, and whose career had been greatly dis tinguished since : — ? ' Thou embryo empire ! When the glorious land From which thou'rt sprung shall be a desert strand For pilgrim feet, in classic mood, to trace, A greatness Time itself will ne'er efface ; When generations yet unborn shall rise, And rear thy temples to the sunny skies. Religion, Freedom, mingling in the strain That chants thy praises, and that lauds thy name ; Then, boastful, tell thy children whilst they're young It was from Britain that thy fathers sprung ! And should base slander breathe upon her name, Rise, Briton-like, and vindicate her fame ; Tell of her deeds, and show the world by thine, That Britain's virtues in Australia shine.' Dr. Tucker, on resuming his seat, was loudly ap plauded. The Rev. J. G. Millard next moved the second resolution. He said when he looked on that platform and saw so many ministers around him, and then looked upon that large assemblage, all brought together for the same purpose, the spectacle was to him a very pleasing one. He then read the resolution as under : — ' That this meeting would gratefully acknow ledge the hand of God in the continued aud increasing success vouchsafed to to the Parent Society's labors, and in the prosperity accorded to this Auxiliary throughout another year, and feels itself bound in every way to maintain and support the principles and prac tices of the British and Foreign Bible Society for the future.' Any one was quite safe in committing him self to a resolution of that kind. He had always thought that of all societies the Bible Society was en titled to be placed at the head of all similar institu tutions of that kind. Might it long prosper and live for ever increasing in usefulness. What, he would ask, had that Society not accomplished? How many branches had it brought into existence? Where, he would ask, had not the blessed Book been sent ? He believed the time was not far distant when there would not be a spot on that terrestrial globe in which the Bible would not be found. Wherever that Society ex tended its operations the spirit of God seemed to go before them and prepare people for its operations. He thought it was a mark of the pleasure of the Divine Providence that the Bible Society had come into exis tence at the same time that some of the great Mis sionary Societies had sprung up, for what would the missionaries do without the Bible Society? He then spoke of the good which the Bible had done amongst the natives of the Polynesian Islands, re marking that often iu those islands had he seen grey headed old men studying the Holy Word, and related several other instances which had come under his own knowledge whilst he was amongst the natives of those islands of the affection in which they held the Holy Word. He then referred to the prosperity of that Auxiliary, and said he felt especially thankful for that prosperity, and he was sure that every one who had any love in his bosom for the Bible would also feel grate fuL He did not envy theman, who for any reasons what ever refused to be bound by a resolution of that kind. He pitied him, and hoped that he might be better in formed and instructed in future. He felt proud that such men as the future King of England, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of York, and such like men gave their support to the British and Foreign Bible Society. He concluded by urging them all to love their Bible, and to regard that person who would rob them of their Bible as the most infamous robber they knew of, and he hoped they would all continue to sup port the Society, and do even double what they had done during the past year. He had very much pleasure in moving the resolution. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Slatyeb, of Sydney, seconded the resolution, and in doing so, related several instances of the love and affection shown by the negroes of Jamaica towards the Holy Word whilst he was a mis sionary amongst them, and of good which it done them. He then spoke of the Society and its operations, and eloquently urged upon them all to support it in the future as they had done in the past. The resolution having been put by the Chairman, was declared to be carried unanimously. A collection was then made in aid of the funds of the Society and about £25 was collected. The Rev. W. A. Ci.axton then moved 'That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the officers and Committee for the past year, also to the officers and Committees of the branch Societies, to the Ladies' Associations, and to all who have kindly aided the operations of the Society, and that the following gentlemen be the officers and Committee for the ensuing year : — President — The Hon. W. Peacock, M.L.C. ; Yice-PresidentB— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide, G. F. Angas, Esq., Very Bev. Dean Farrell, Rev. J. Gardner; Agent for the Aus tralain Colonies — Rev. J. K. Tucker, D.D. ; Treasurers — Messrs. James Smith and George Young ; Auditors — Messrs. James Robin and J. M. Linklater ; Clerical Secretaries — Revs. W. B. Andrews and J. Jefferis, LL.B. ; Lo^al Secretary — Mr. George Phillips ; Honorary Foreign and Corresponding and Minute Sec retary — Mr. James Whiting ; Committee —Messrs. N. Blyth, 'W. C. Buik, J. Colton, W. G. Coomhs, A. Dowie, A. Gore, G. Hance, W. Moore, H. \V. Phillips, L. Roach, J. Robin, D. Robin, O. K. Richardson, J. S. Sanders, P. Santo, jun., Jas. Scott, E. B. Simpson, — Skethaway, F. W. Thomas, W. K. Thomas, H. H Turton.' The thanks of that meeting evidently were due to those gentlemen who formed the Committee of last year, and as the gentlemen whose names he had read were chiefly men of business, there was not much fear of the affairs of the Society being neglected. He had much pleasure in proposing the resolution. The Rev. J. Lyaxl briefly seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. J. Gardner proposed, and the Yen. Arch deacon Woodcock seconded, a vote of thanks to the Chairman tor presiding, and to Dr. Tucker tor the excellent address he had delivered. The resolution was carried mm. con. Dr. Tucker and the Hon. W. Peacock briefly responded, and a like compliment having been paid to the Rev. Mr. Slatyer, the meeting closed with the doxology and benediction. 