' GENERAL NEWS. Proi-obed Rebtriction op Free Selection.— In the Assemblv, yesterday, Mr Buchanan gave notice that he would next Tuesday move. — 'That in the opinion of this Houso, tho enormous reserves that hove taken place undor the land law of 1861 had rendered that law, bb far as the bulk of the people is concerned in a great measure a dead letter. That und;r ihe present law the principal of free selection is crippled in so serious a degioe as to render it almost extinct and consequently to deprive tlio people of all chance of settling permanently on. the _waste lands of the Crown. That under these circumstances, it isdesir oMo f/\ 0A0ni-n tr» tlm npnrilft' Arftrv or! trnnfa rrA-wIiir-li the land law ofl8,'.I pretended to confer upoii them, but which'the power of reservation ? contained in it completely and effectually defeats. For the purpose therefore of ' affording tho ! people 'n O readier and easiur access 1 to -a settlement on the waste lands of the Crown, it is desirable that the present law — ac utterly inimical to the advancement and best interests -of the -people- should be altered and improved as to embody the principle of cleaily defined agr cultural areas, inca pablo of stultification by any power of reservation whatever; and by tlie adoption of which principle large tracts of the finest agricultural land in the country shall be set aside in every district for the pur posooffree selection, and in such quantities as to meet all the demands of the people. That the embodi ment in law of such a principle as this, while it will enable the froe selector to get whatever land he re quires with tbe greatest ease and falicity (which under the present law is nearly impossible), it will also oonfer upon the country the very great advantage of witnessing both the agricultural and pastoral interests of flourishing alongside eaah other,' but never exposed to tho possibility of injuring each other by collision,' New Local Industrt — Some time back we gavo an intimation to our readers to tlie effect that there was a reasonable prospect of a vory important now ocal industry being established amongst us. Wo ire happy to be in a position to state that the pre iminary, negotiations havo been completed, and we' 'hall very shortly have the pleasure of announcing .- .hat a smelting works for the smelting of copper ore jxists in the vicinity of Newcastle For some con. liderable t ine past the Adelaide: WallarOo Copper Mining Company havo been in treaty with the Waratah Coal. Company for an allotment of laud, jontaining some ten acres, ndjoining their line of railway, and close to. the shoots, for the purpose, it was understood, ? of erecting smelting works thereon, Within the last few days, all ' tho prelimi nary arrangements have been closed, and the land in question lias beon pnrcnased by the Wallaroo Com pany. The Waratah Coal Company, we understand, are to supply tho Wallaroo Copper Company with coal, and tho Wallaroo Company in* return, have guaranteed to supply the Waratah Company with copperore to bo smelted in this new works. The first instalment of ore is t.n b e delivered at Waratih by the 1st of January next. Our readers will be able to form st/m'e idea ofthe importance of tho new industry «hcn we mention it will give employment to from 150 to 200 men. The inhabitants of Waratah. and -its neighbourhood may therefore look forward to a good supply of work. Tho vessels of the Wallaroo Company will bring tlio oopper oro iu the room of ballast, and return as usual loaded with coal. Alter tho copper is smelted, it will ho shipped direct from Newcastle to England. W« need scarcely add. aftor giving the foregoing details, ,-thi s new industry promises to bo a very important one, not tO Waratah alone, but to the wholo Newcastjo district. In com- | uion with all who have the intero'sts of tho port at heart, wo cordially wiah tho enterprise every success. We shall givo further particulars respccti.ug tho minutiaa of tlie company's operations in a future issue.— 'Newcastle Chronicle.- - The Weather asd the ?' Bird op Sprino.' — The Invercll correspondent of tho ' Armidale Express' thus writes to that pap^r on tho 14tU ; instant : — Dur- ing tlie past few days tlw woather has beeu nxtreuiely .Vl'n.ta with !? rP.iHMI. lial light showers, being the order of the 'h\y. There ! was morn promise of spring a week hack than umw — onr so-called cuckoo, which I believo iii as surely the harbinger of this delightful season as tho tiuo bird of the old country — Wj'.r busily en^aguJ for several nights, uttenug her well-known vernal Call, ' Cuckoo 1— cuckoo 1'— but I think the return oCwin try weathar hab catiaed her to ciiase, at least Isr ilic present, Highway Robbbhy Pmokily Resisted— « a c rious case of stickir.g-up is thus rsportcd to ' 'Tarrongowcr Times. » by .Mr Griffith, manager the Bank of Victoria. MaMon :_On Saturday ovel ing, at aboot a quartor-past 6 o'clock, he was on II, roasl toCastlemaine— driving a horso and buKSV about three-quarters of a milo on the Castlemiin^ side ot tlie Orrville Hotel, a man emailed from th? bush, being armed With a double-barrell'ed revolver and hiving orapo ovor his face. He seized hold rf tho reins and, presenting tho pistol, demanded of Mr Griffith to hand over his money. Tho latter refused when tho footpad turned the horso #nd vehicle into the bush, and after proceeding a fe«r ya-da. jumned I into tho buggy, and still demanding monev. produced a rope, with which, ho said, ho would tio up Mr Grif fith and would blow his brains out if he was notaiiiet and did not stop his ohaff; further remarking that ? 'you want somoof us Sydnoy boys over here— you're getting took flash.' Mr Griffith ma'do a sudden blow ': at the follow, and knocked him iuto.tho road the re volvcr falling from his. hand. At this moment a man on horseback caino up, and Mr Griffith sang out ? for assistance— or as a warning to tho horseman Tbo footpod with this regained his foot and tho re.' volver, and soizing tho bridle of the horso tbe new oomer was riding, threatened to blow out his brains if ho stirred. The man, in a tremendous voice, said to Mr Griffith, /l'lieie'B some men on the roai who will help you.' Mr Griffith mafle no more ado, or anv further attempt to detain tho rascal, but drove rapidly off on to the road and so on to his destination ? the strangeness of tho whole affair, perhaps, causing hiin to act tnus, and also inducing him not to at oneo ' give information to the polico when he arrived at Castlomaino. He describes the man to have been about five feet ten inches in height, with a felt wide, awake hat on, his face covered with crape, and wear ing a light-coloured jacket or jumper. Yesterday morning ho returned to Malton, having Mr Farrai postmaster, as a passenger, and thoy found tho tracks of tho wheels into the bush( and also a piece of Manila rope on tho ground, which Mr Griffith identi. fios as similar to the: rope in tko hands of the man who attempted to stick him up. If the man on hor«e baok will come forward. Bome better light may be I thrown on the affair.', | The Cawaera — YosteHay afternoon Captain Allen j the harbor master, paid a visit to the apot wherriha Cawarra was wrecked, for tho purpose (of ascertain ing wnetner nny portion ot tbo vessel could bo seen othor than that discovered by the diver who accom panied Captain Munroe on his recent visit to New. castle. The weather was beautifully fine, and the eoa calm and clear, and aB the boat passed over the scene of. the disaster. Captain Allen states that a short distance from the floating wreck in the direction of the channel, he could plainly di-cern j ibnut eight feet from tho surface, the engines, main shaft, an4 both paddle wheels. It will be recollocted that at tho time tlie diver went down, and for some daysp e viously, there had been a heavy fresh in the harbor, and tliis may pronably account for his being unabl« to porceive the portions refered to aod which are now plainly distinguished by the naked eye. Cap tain Allen immediately sent intelligence ot his dis covery to Sydney, and at (Che same time requesting that a good-sized buoy might.be sent here, and until the latter arrives, he has placed a floater to mark tho locality. — 'Newcastle Standard.' The Goulburn Ghost.— It is not worth while to notice stories that are occasionally related. of strangs sights supposed to bo seen and unaccountable noisn said to bo beard in one place or other ; but a case has just occurred which has formed the staple subject of conversation in Goulburn during tho week, and has lod to the.intervention of the polico being requested, '? The fact appears to bo that in a bouse in Auburn street, occupied by MrRogers, tnd formerly known »!' the O'Connoll Inn, certain noises have been heard ot late which it seemed impossible to account for. Mr Rogers is a cabinet-maker, and his shop ia full offu.nl turc ; and nccoidingly. instead of the orthodox c roans ? and rattle of chains, the noises complained of have taken the more con vonient form of resembling a knock ing nbout of Sir Rogers's furniture All soits of theories, more or less wild, hove been current on the subject, and the past history of the house has been generally related by tho older residents ; but though the story is doubtless somewhat singular it has no' relation to tho recent disturbances. Some of our townsmen took the trouble to watch about the p'aco on Tuesday night and the result was the capfnrj of a half wilted fellow known as Charlev, who sleeps ia tho next houso, also occupied by Mr Rogers, and who e the noi-es have also been heard. He was taken under circumstances which though not nltoga lur conclusive, led his captors to believe that tlie noisoa were made by him and accordingly lie received some slight summary punishment on the spot. It ia said that.Charley had not access to tlie furnitnro shop »nd that therefore he could not have made all tbe noises complained of. But it does not appear that there bave beon nnv'gliostly manifestations since bo was caught. — ' Goulburn Herald. The Misfortune op Sportsman and its Cohh SEQUENCFS — Ono of our sporting fellow-town snun has got into a scrape winch will make him the first offender against the provisions of the Game La», which came into operation on tho first of this moitb. I Being passionately tond of shooting, ho went out tho other night to indulge in tbo pastime, the new law notwimsianaing, limy equipped on nors dick, M Getting to a favorite spot, be left hi3 horse, and, as H fortune favored him, roturned to it occasionally. H When seeking his horso for the last time tho animal H could not be found, and as it was very dark he was H obliged to abandon the.search and go home without I it. In the morning the.police, finding the horse wan. B dering abont, took charge of it, and, upon inspecting H tho saddle-bags, discovered two plump black ducks B whioh had been recently shot. A short -while alter, B the sportsman made his appearance, and claimed tbe H horse as his property. The animal was hanrtod over B to bim, minus the ducks, and he is to appear bofora B the Bench on Monday morning to anBWer for tbo feathered contont3 of the saddlu-bags1 Thos, mis fortunes never, come singly. He began by losing his horse, end in recovering that lost liis ducks; and as the clauses of the new Act aro very stringent, he i) pretty certain to suffer a loss in the shape of a fine.— , Ba' hurst TimeB.' Awfully Sudden Death.— Wo regret to have fo announce the sudden decrease of Mrs Woodhousc, of ?Ingebyra station, near tho Snowy River. Mrs- Wofd 'houso had been unwell for'somo time past, suffering greatly from pains in hor sido and the region 'f ilu heart. On Friday last she caino into Cooma andt oi a passage by the Saturday ooach. for thepurfonof obtaining medical advice in Goulboum or Sydn-y Oa the way down, somewhere on tho road between Qa:ao beyau and- Bungendoro, the deceased was attacked rondor any assistance she ceased to breathe. Tho I Iriver at once gavj information to the aufho i iea BB and Dr Morton proceeded to Bungendore, where be Ha held nn inquest on the body. The only evidence H being that of tho mailman, a' verdict of accidintal H death wnsretnrned. Mrs Woodliouse bad been a rem- H| don't in the Manaro district for many years, and 1:»«« K| alai-RO tainily to deplore her untimely. ond. -'Monaro H Mercury,' H The Sticking-up of Cavan Station.— Some fe* H. months ago the residence of Mr J. S. Calvert, 'I ? Cavan, ou tho Upper Murrumbidgee. was sfnos-o? ? by two men and robbed. It wob suppoaed at 111 ? time that one of the robbers was the noloriotj ? character known by tho name of 'Jack in Bow. ? who had a short time previously been sot at lw?- ? after partly completing a senfonoe for highway too' ? bery. Circumstances have, however, since tr«f' K pircd to fix tlie' robbery at Cavan on Lawlorai}' BE Gatoly, tho two men who have' been sticking-ijP1? M the neighborhood, of Tumut, and who alsoiobba M Mr Sanderson on tho 23rd Juno. A saddlo I38'1®?' E ing to Mr Sawtell,' .who waa iu tho employ of Mr H Edwards, tho survuyor, at the time tbat Cavan K ' station was robbed, lias been traced to the posseanon n ?of the prisoners, and they. now. stapd committed lo this additional offenco. As we have already men-' tioned, a warrant has been forwarded to the Bathurst police for "Jack in the Boots," who was wounded and captured by tbo polico at Tuena, and altlio S it has been now made clear that he was in no 01 concerned in tbo Cavan sticking-up, it is ,cr^° bably that other robberies in this part of the Mi « - will bo brought homo to him, amongBt olw™ ' . . of Mrs Ryan, of the Burrowa River.— "Yass Courier." John Williams.— The soiling of_ this nuB''^'^ ship for tho South Seas created ,.' quite an exert 1 ( at the Circular Qnay yesterday morning. 1W' - a constant passing to and fro from the . shore of friends of the missionaries, and tneg . ( public mustered strongly on tl-e Qnay and ? , tho proceedings At noon tho visitors were or°= lishoi- the sti!«m-tug mado fhSt, (he w» lots m : t: ow'nd.'aasandin hnlf--;n hour tho anchor ami the JuUu Williams was quickly towed from c.,v«. t-'hc cheure.1 ah slwrsssed nhrng V (-. crews nf ail the ships I f..:g in Qn y, and tboso Bi Minions' gon.l-wi!l wr.ie heartily ?MtumodW^ !? sad tbe c«w oi the J'-bn - Thoie V(«. u ivliaiouo.s.'rvica on board «#??'? ' a, ... . . i or in.;, t -vbii.h many of otic city clorgjB80 tended.— ?' Empire.' ' „ nnRNT To Death.— An Inquiry rospsat A.hBto(h of a girl nftined Bridget Nowland wan ~,nSi the City Coroner, yesterday at the Bath he'd the ovidcnce Riven it appears ArT',' ..mVcd wan the daughter of a'fishermaii named thatie' ? . widower, who resides nt Long JamU3N l Tlmr3Cl.y evening the father left home totto * \Z\r expressing his intention to his daughter ?to 1° s'H out all night ; tho deceased with two .0fremAin K wore )oft ftt boma nlone'; deceased did ?other chuar hor custom, sat up awaiting Eat f ,h«r'fl T^rn - .he sat. as sho stated herself ^ w death, on the hob of the fireplace, and foil Jjafore her u . q ab(mt 3 O.clook ^ext morning, :M, Pihn foBnd her clothes all in Santos, and ran to w nhout ei'hty yards distant who after some J'ffioulty snccoedetf in extinguishing tho flames, but i fnrp deceased's body in somo parts waa literally aot^1 the nmit applied oU and flour to the burns, .jmstoa-, i .. aoetor. Deooased waaquito sensible ?'VXtlm. of her death which took place about 2 ?u.pi liii tho afternoon of tho same day. Deceased ?° clo° ' 'v careful child, and wob frequently left alone of her 'brother and Bister. Dr Haylock in . . that he pss called in to see the deceased ; he Jthat she httfl been severely burnt from the (ootid tn. head ; so deep and severe wero tnef UPJ ™ almost every part of tho body and arms the .'ill^ ultcrer so mucn impressed by the shock, that ?' \\..A no liopc of her recovery 5 he found that proper t nt had been afiopted before bis arrival;. , ™X«as sensible; ho applied such remedies as de ^nrnd heat calculated to relievo hor intense i^firr the cause of death was the shock to the 8 ^ from sovcre burns. Voidict— ?' Died fmm Injures accidentally received by her clothes taking Stmmbr Hero —Tho result of this attempt to noir'thc Hero in the Brisbane River has been thus «t sitisfactorily accomplished, and, although j „j fnr pnqtiii' and Manufacture «f now bearings ffin «5 executed, these in the opinion of ?Sain Francis, will not be required in tho meantime Thnv will however, be put on board, and, os it is in intended to dock the steamer at Batavia, this Will pu t ?° ,hcre if it is found necessary to do so, Mr Hart, 'f ltl0 firm of Messrs Bright Brothers, who had been ° hoard during tho whnle time of carrying on 'Opera tions left the vessel at 7 a.m yesterday and returner, to town and in the coarse of the afternoon a telegram reCoived that sho had floated at 1 1 o.m., and was .„in in deep water, taking in the coals she had ! nrevinusly discharged into tho lighters. Sho will lis -trimmed to fourteen feet, that being tho draught with which Captain bVanois believes ho will easily clear tho channel. The passengers will be a;ain taken on loird on Jfondiy, the intervening time being required to clenn the vessel, and she will in all probability woceed to sua the same day. The Here will take levenl additional passengers en route for Europe, by Gall i. at which port, she will arrive in timo to meet theP and 0. steamer, after' nllowing a stoppage, of ?eizht days in Batavia and two in Singapore. Should she leave on Monday, she will arrive in Gladstone on Tuesday, and again leave on Wedesday, Batavia, it is expected, will bo readied about the 8th of Septum tier, and sho will proceed on her return voyage about the'lSth arriving nt Po:t Deniaon about the 3rd of -Octobor. She will bring the samo mails to the colo nies which she would havo done had she started ns originally intended, tho only difference being that hor stjy at Dotal ia will only bo one week instead of throe The accomplishment of the repairs having beon so ?speedily arrived at must be a matter of congratulation ?to the public in gonoral and a great saving to the contractors for this mail service which may be truly Hid to be altogether ot Queensland origin, proving -lra that with a few additional appliances, any kind ?of engineering work can be as satisfactorily perfor med at Brisbano as any whore else in tho colonies. — -.Guardian,' Shocking Accident at Abmidale. — During the early part of Wednesday forenoon, a melancholy and fatal accident occurred to Mr Thomas M Carthy, tlie engineer in charge of tho machinery at Mr John Moore's flour mill, in Beardy street, Armidnle When our reporter arrived nt tho mill, the unfortu nate man had been removed from tho scone ot tho ac cident to his Cottage, iu the rear ofthe establishment but from the information which the proprietor kindly aHorded.it wna painfully apparent that ono of tho most shocking accidents had occurred that had ever beon witnessed in tlw town. From this source it was ascertained that, while Mr McCarthy was in tlw act of oiling a portion of tho machinery, which was worked with hands, on the second floor, and within about three feet of a window, his jacket, which was «f an elastic woollen fabric similar to those worn by females in winter, caught in a part of the works, and without tho slightest warning, whirled him sound the shaft, at every turn of which his feet came in contact with the windows. His faint cries ar Tested tho attention of the millor, at work on the same floor, who, at a moment' discovering the acci dent, saw that nothing could be done to save him but by stopping the engine, which ho did in about ono minute, or in what Mr Moore considered a re ojrkablv briof period, and then ran to the unfortu nate sufferer. On his ieturn, in company with i\lr ?Gill, another omploye on tho establishment, they found M'Cnrthy in a dreadful condition. The un fortunate man's feet, nt every turn of the engine, fall -in tlie window till it bad battered every particle of it {tma the frame, -and when this was gone, the feet, to some distance abovo the ankles, beat on tbe window sill till they became an undefined mass, and the pieces strewed over the ground beneath. The left «rm hung 'helpless by his side, having been bioson during the revolutions of the shaft iu several places, and the ceiling, walls, and machinery, around' the floor Of tho accident, wero sprinkled with blond to a ?distance of ten or twelves feet. Drs.' West and Spass ?hott, and E. Baker Esq., wero quickly in iittendanca after the sufferer had been removed, and after con sultation concluded It beat to defer any surgical np. plications for an hour. At the end of this period, Dr, 8pa8shatt found that M'Oarthy was rapidly sink ing Tho Very Rev. Dean Lyncti was sent for, who administered to the evidently dying man ; and, as 1 o'clock strnufc, tho spirit fled, and reloaded him of Ilia pains. He retained his faculties, and was able to answer inquiries, up to'four or five minutos of death. Express,' How Pigs are Fattened. — The attention . of tho medical profession'nnd scientific mon has lately been specially directed to the existence of maladies arising ftom tho use of deceased pork, and the matter is con less^dly ono of great and general importance It would psrhaps be too much to assume that physical disordors of tho kind referred to have arisen in this community irotn similar causes; but nevertheless it may bo right that consumers of pork should bo informed how some ofthe commodity is predueed- for the supply ot the lopal market. Iu the District Court yesterday, b nitness, who may fairly 'be - called f' skilled'.' in re lation to the subject of his testimony, stated that pigs are commonly fed on offal, and thatono person brought all the offal from the slaughter-houses for that pur pose. If the statement bo correct, the fact is more significant than wholoBomo; The Court was not in formed as to tho nutritive properties or tho peculiar, advantages of this generous diet ; but if a nonpro fusSioiraicritictnay give an opinion, the provender, thou?!1 'cheap,' ia rather ' nasty.' — ? Herald.' Fatai, Acoident. — Last week we (Artnidalo Ex press received a report, but too late tor that issue of ?our jo'jmal, to the effect that a boy, nearly five years olil, belonging to Mr W. M. Parmer, of- Glen ? Fer neagh, had met, with a serious acoident by falling ? '™&potof; brino, and, from the injuries recoived, Saddled in the course of twenty-/our hours alter.: It appears that on the previous Saturday, Mr Faimer. ?';nS '° como to Armidnle, requested his wife' as k»«f ctl0 tok°'l somo brine that was on some ' ' J*18. dono thia, and had taken off (he pot onmn.li of ak'mm'ng it, when sho whs: flinhni h-'ave ittoappease a crying infantin hnf/ir. i ''l ®'10 'liu' been absent many minutos fu ,1-n ..Wti scream's, and, on running out,- saw !„? „ 1 .?,tt'-ar in tho boiling liquid, and its arm frnm D 'le P0'1 It was Uroadfully sbdlded m near tho kmjog Up to tho cheat, especially about stiff!, nl' I .?'ery attontio11 wns Paid to the little bin ihJt'lt' ®xpirod the next day. It is remark, I- of his i-f 8amo ^ met wi,k a nairowescnpo nrJ.j v1 the day.ptovious to tho accident that BnotlilSf 0n tllat occa'8ion. the boy atid dm- L? i ' farmer's children wero playing in a. Imtwonn u '''dentally fell through tlie opening bv tho o-j oft'1® fl'or, and was suspended Il0ac'' 0l'as, thon brought his chin ti . l]0'11'' Had he been susponded by the, hio lif,10 'T ^'I'tioa aro that ho would'liavo endod us me a day earlier. i - nefs' ah^iK?E Selectorb.— It iB gratifying to wit endcirin™ ^ y °f men, whon,. instead of oomplftining and conriwm!l.i;n8vano-! un'l feliof oomea to hand, they difneidtie«S'ft|80t to, worli anl1 ,lnitorlIy ovorcomo lust comnlnt 1 n,i? s' ? lu Bingio f'lrmers have Biti'in ,'Ietu!l.?n 'I10 new road betwoen Moruya and which wa«°r^fi 808 0,1 'J118 00 operative plnn, ono of outlay of|ll|)DrUlr^tenS,-V0, inVolvi^' ^W'terablo new road in Those improvements have put the1 Of those Wholm » 1™ 'rdor. mnclito the credit Tne Rianx' op Coonsel to Address the Court, — Acircnmataneo affecting the practice of the Courta in relation to the rightof counsel to address tbo Judge came op in the Metropolitan District Oonrtyesterdny In Dickson v. Pliegan, tho counsel for the plaintiff (Mr Davis) having closed tho ovidenco for the plaintiff tho counsel for the defendant (Mr Rogors) proceeded to atldreBS tho Court for a verdict on behalf of tho defendant without calling avidqhee. Tho -case was an action for trespass, and, in consequence of an obser vation from Mr liogiirs in the course of his speoch, Mr Davis spoko of his intention to address: the Judge on the law of the case, and witti referonco to the sub ject of damages. By the practico of our Courts the cou nsel for the defendant-, though not calling evidence be comes entitled to tho right ofreply ; and this is a pri logo which is somotsmea thought to bo of bo much con sequence that it not infrequently happens thatloarned gentlemen, in tho interest of their clients, deeiu it expedient tofibstain from calling evidence in order to secure this advantage. Mr Davis did not claim the right of reply, hut contemlod that lie had a right to address the Judge on the law ofthe case, and ox- ; pressed his surprise to tearri that by tho ^xactioo of the colonial Courts be should be excluded from bo doing. His Honor (Mr District-Ju Ige Duwling) re fused to concedc the right claimed, Mr lingers, how ever, expressed his willingness to waive his right of reply, on condition that he should he allowed to call evidence for the defencoj His Honor consented to this course being.adopted, but, intimated that this must not be regarded as a precedent. The mntter was so arranged ; Mr Rogers, discontinued liis speech called his- witnesses, and tho case was conductcd in the ordinary way. -? Herald.' Nfw Remedy fob Hai.d Heads. — The ' Wagga AVagga Express' remarks that about a year ago tho accidental discovery of the wnndorful properties pos sessed by the oxide of copper, from the miriea near Orange, in restoring the growth ofthe human hair, created quite a sensation amongst the bald of this colony, and induced a very largu demand for tho arti cle to spring up. We now hear of another remedy which app.cara likely to throw it altogether into tho shade, and to establish for itself a reputation for pro moting the g owth of hirsute crops unequnlled by any preparation which the art of the chemiat lias yet pro duced.' As' an instance of tho virtues of tho applica tion we allude to, wo may state that a year or two sinco one of our townsmen bcc«m'e painfully conscious that his hair was daily getting thinner, and at last tho orown of his head became veritably bald. Being of rather a sciontific turn of mind, and having honrd of the Or'ango oxtdo, he thought that the application of other preparations in which copper might bo pre sent might very possible prove equally (successful, and about six months since ho determined upon ex perimeritalising upon his bald plate with the *? blue stono water ' from the lrcal batteries of the telegraph office, The station master offered no objections, and the cranium;of our bald friend was therefore nt due intervals well bathed in tho miiierally impregnated liquid from tho batteries. The rosnlt exceeded his moat sanguine hopes. Not only was the thinning pi o cess arrested, but a new and stronger crop began to spring up, and a healthy growth also appeared upon an I spread over the bald place, wtiieh is now almost as thickly covered as any part of the head. Seriods Coach AWJidest— The 'Darling DownB Gazette' of 14th instant reports that an accident oc curred to tho coach which left Toowdombathe morn ing before at G o'clock, which although happily attended with no loss of life, yot resulted in a severe injury to one of the lady passongers. It appears that when nearly opposite the Gowrio station, and cross ing a small gully one of tho ' bleed bars'' broke, owing to a sudden jork of the coach and falling on the horses heels caused tbem-to s art oft at a. spanking rate. While tbe coachman was endoavouring to pull them up, the right rein broke, causing the liorsoa to wheel rapiely round, and thereby upsetting the coach Thero were two gentlemen on tho box seat who of course had the opportunity off but the lady paBsen gc'ra being inside were not so for'.ona o. A d idy, named Miss Alacuaraara, sustained severe injuries, having had her arm broken and her left collar bone injuied, and Airs Alexander (Miss Edith Palmerston) was also much injured. Assistance was at once pro. cured and after a delay of about two hours the coach ; proceeded on to Dal by taking all tho passongers except Miss Macnamara, who, by the kindness of a gentleman, was brought into town in a buggy and is under tho doctor's care. A Young Beginner.— A boy of fourteen, named Wilson, was committed for trial at the Geulong Police Oouvt, yesterday, for a burglary, conceived and carried out with ail the skill and cunning of an old expert. A younger boy named Taylor wiib his accomplice, but ho turned approver, and it was tho shop vvlioro Taylor was employed that was broken into. Tho following is Taylor's ovidence, as sup plied by our Geelong correspondent, who states that it wasgivonin the box with the utmost' sang froid: — ' I met Wilson at half past C on Monday evening, at his house, near Belleriue-streot. Wilson said to me, ? Wo must got somo monoy, Taylor, somewhere, or we shall not be able to go to tho Mechanic's Insti tute to-night ; does your master koep his money in the shop at uighi ?' I said ' No.' Wil-ton then atked mo if ho slept there, and l told him that ho; did not. He said, ' Well. you show me. the back of th» house.' I agreed to do so, and'took him thrrj. It was a paling placo, and Wilson broke down somo of the palings, and I helped him. When we had mado the hole big epongh, Wilson asked 'who will take the lead?' I went in first I opened the middle, door. I burst it . open, and Chavloy Wilson followed me. When we got into the shop I showed Wilson where the' till was, and ho tO )k out the monoy and the ptirso. We then wont away. Wilson gave me 2s, and ltcpt 3s himself. We could not open the.puise without cutting it, so Wilson cut tho leather and broke the steel, and threw it away, I showed tho policeman tho place where it was thrown next day. We broke into Mr Ifreeman'ii place at half past nine at nislit. Noxt morning I'told my master some:ono had broken into tho place, and showed him where tbe palings wero down.' At the same sittinR of the Court two other children (brother and sister) under fourteen were charged with burglary , at Bellerine. The girl was discharged, and the boy was committed to the Refor matory for flvo years. Accidental Poisoning.— A case of poisoning occurred some days ago, which was nearly proving fatal a man in the employ of Mr Somorvillo. He was at work clearing away some weeds in the pad. dock, when on cliippitig iip'a white root, commonly known as tho ' native cabbage,' he ate, according to his statement,- a piece the size of his rhumb. He was immediately seiz.-d with (ill tho symptoms of acute poisoning., , Dr Nolan, on hearing of tbe ocour ronco, at once hastened to tho man's assistance, and by mean's of tho stomach pninp Huccoeded in extract ing tho poisonous substance, which, in all human probability, would have terminated fatally,— ? Kiama Independent.' ' - u ? ? ? ; l; , 