THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPT. 26, 1866 IT is amusing to see the way iu which ministers shift their ground from day to day with the view of diverting attention from the real question at issue between them and the con- stituencies. One day, we have the ATTOR- NEY-GENERAL attempting to take the wind out of the sails of the railway party, north and south, by seeking to shoot ahead of them in their loftiest aspirations. His main line of railway motion was an illustration of this. Another day, we have the TREASURER coming forward with long columns of figures to show the amount of indebtedness the different constituencies are under to him and his colleagues, and how vain it is for them to look for help from any other quarter. That is the burden of his address to the electors of Glamorgan. And now we have the hon. J. M. WILSON, the gentleman in the cabinet without portfolio, standing at every street corner, and raising the bugaboo cry of the danger of our being ruled by the north. Everywhere, we now hear the changes rung on this not over-inviting topic. At one time it comes to us in this shape. " How would you like a northern ministry?" " Not at all," is the reply. " But we are going to have one," says the interrogator. " Who told you so ?" is the question with which he is then pressed. And the, answer is, " the hon. J. M. WILSON." At another time it comes before us in quite a different form. " Have you heard the news ?" " No : what ?" " Who's to be the next ministry." "Who?" "Sir Richard DRY, Mr. R. Q. KERMODE, Mr. DOUGLAS, and Mr. William ARCHER." "Who told you so?" "The hon. J. M. WILSON." Or we get it at other times in this shape or form. " Well, who are you going to vote for ?" " Don't know yet." "But you must vote for ministers and their candidates, or we shall have a northern ministry." " How do you know that ?" " Why the hon. J. M. WILSON told me so." And so we go from house to house, from street to street, from place to place, being be-Wilsonised at every step we take, until forced at length to exclaim, " In the name of the prophet,—Figs !" " The hon. J. M. WILSON" may be a very worthy man, but it is just possible for us to have too much of " the hon. J. M. WILSON." We are just as well able to guess who the next ministry are likely to be as " the hon. J. M. WILSON," and should never think of going to him for information on the subject. We know for whom we should vote, and why we should vote for them, just as well as " the hon. J. M. WILSON," and need no advice on a matter that more especially concerns ourselves, deeply interested as he may be in it. We have our likes and dis- likes, in politics, as in other things, just as " the hon. J. M. WILSON" has, and shall not go to him to regulate them for us. And least of all shall we do this when " the hon. J. M. WILSON'S" likes and dislikes must, as in this case, have a tendency to warp his judgment. With regard to a northern ministry, "the hon. J. M. WILSON" predicts, not what he foresees, but what he dreads. Any other ministry, of which he was no member, would be just as objectionable to " the hon. J. M. WILSON" as a northern ministry. And we have a strange suspicion that "the hon. J. M WILSON" would have no particular objec- tion to a northern ministry, if a place could be found for him in it. We have dealt thus lightly with this topic, because it is really one upon which it is next to impossible to be grave or serious. We shall not be so unpolite as to say to the electors of Hobart Town of " the hon. J. M. WILSON," as the TREASURER said of Mr. John MEREDITH in hia address to the electors of Glamorgan,—" Beware of false prophets, for they come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly are ravening wolves." We hare a better opinion of " the hon J. M. WILSON" than that, and only look at his attempt to get up this cry as one of those little electioneering artifices which most people will probably be ready to excuse. It would, in fact, be to some extent excusable in almost any other person. But does Mr. WILSON think it right or proper for a gen- tleman in his position to have recourse to such artifices as these? He cannot be serious. We do not like to say, he cannot be truthful. He is merely joking, and that would be carrying the joke too far. There never has been a northern ministry, and never can be. That Mr. WILSON knows, just as well as we do. Look at the districts, —look at the candidates,—look at the gen- tlemen named,—and then ask, what chance is there of such a thing? These gentle- men are doubtless opposed to the present ministry, and will do all in their power, whether in parliament or out of parliament, to have them replaced by another. But what chance is there of their offering themselves for this ? Not the ghost of one. Whilst we say this, however, let us guard against being misunderstood. In the event of the present ministry being upset on the re-assembling of parliament, what objection would there be to one or other of the gentlemen named forming part of a new ministry, if no more suitable persons could be found ? Are they not the equals,—we might say as a body, more than the equals of the present ministry,—in status, in education, in intelligence, in a knowledge of the world, in the art of governing ? We know well that Mr. DOUGLAS would not accept office, if it were even pressed upon him. But supposing that to be the case, why should his being member for Westbury be any greater objection, than Mr. Charles MEREDITH being member for Glamorgan ? We know nothing of Sir Richard DRY'S views on the subject of office. Nor do we think that anybody has a right to presume upon this, one way or other, until the question arises in a practical shape. But supposing the way to office to be open to him, would he be less eligible than Mr. James WHITE, because he happens to be the representative of Tamar, and Mr. WHITE of Pembroke ? We go no farther with the gentlemen named, because it would be preposterous to antici- pate events not at all likely to arise. But supposing a new ministry to be required, should it not be made up of the best politi- cal combinations to hand, without any re- gard to north or south ? Any one holding a contrary opinion must be crazed. At the same time, we repeat what has already been said, that an exclusive northern ministry would be a sheer impossibility. Nobody thinks of it, nor would it ever be allowed. Whether any northern member may form part of the next minstry or not is not the question. As nobody objects to the present ministry as a northern ministry, because Mr. Byron MILLES happens to be a member, so no one ought to object to any other ministry as a northern ministry, be- cause not composed exclusively of southern members. That is the proper way to look at this question, and the way in which every man of sense will look at it. It can be looked at in no other way, except for purely party purposes, and party purposes of the worst description. Miuisters see clearly enough that they are going to lose the elections in the north, and they hope doubt- less to work upon the south by getting up this cry. But the question before the electors is not north or south, but income tax or no income tax. That was what they professed to go to the country upon, and let them stick to it, if they are able. If not, let the electors everywhere keep them to it. We must have none of the railway artifices of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL,—none of the TREASURER'S offers to give the electors a quid pro quo for their votes in the shape of largesses to the different districts,—none of the hon. J. M. WILSON'S attempts to impose upon them by what he knows to be groundless alarms. All should go to the poll with a determination to drive the last nail in the coffin of the framers of the odious income tax, and thus get rid of the tax itself. We hear a great deal every now and then in Tasmania on the co-operative principle, and on the importance of its adoption in some practical shape. But we know of no single instance in which this has been done as in some of the other colonies, of which we have a fresh illustration now before us. We allude to the Williamstown Co-operative Company, which seems to have been formed more on the model of the Birmingham Union Flour and Bread Mill Company, than upon that of the Rochdale Pioneers' Society. This company was only started thirteen weeks back, but its directors have already issued a very encouraging report. The capital of the company is £211. This has been subscribed by 150 persons, who hold 422 shares, so that the rate of subscription cannot be large. Hitherto the directors have confined their attention to the manufacture of bread, with which the shareholders have been supplied at a reduced price. But they propose to increase the capital of the company, so that they may add to their bakery a general grocery establishment. In doing this, they will, of course, be gradually gliding off tho Birmingham into the Roch- dale co- operative society form, and may be enlarging the sphere of their usefulness. The total to the credit of the company at the time the directors drew up their report was £76 8s. 5½d., and the net profit realised during the thirteen weeks £13 0s, 5½d. That was, of course, exclusive of the ad- vantage the shareholders derived from being supplied with a good article at a reduced price. On this subject, the Argus of the 20th Inst. says ;—" Through the agency of this company, its members have had the advan- tage of being supplied with loaves of good bread, of the full weight of four pounds, for sevenpence each, flour being £15 a ton ; whereas previously they had to pay eightpence for loaves which often fell short of the weight named, and that while flour cost no more than £11 a ton. Assuming the facts to be as stated, and that there are no qualifying circum- stances kept back by the directors, this little experiment of the Williamstown co-operative bakery is both interesting and important. The kind of co-operation of which it is an example has not as yet been much tried in the colony, and the system is one as to the merits of which there is great diff- erence of opinion, both here and in the old country." Again :—" Far more co- operative bakeries, butcheries, and groceries have failedthan have succeeded ; and fanatical economists tell us that in the ordin- ary course of business trade competition will prevent bread and meat from ever rising much beyond their proper value, and that the full advantages of the division of labor are best secured by every man adhering closely to his own trade. Nevertheless, some co-operative stores are highly successful, and of the greatest advantage to the work- ing population of the districts in which their operations lie, which proves that, despite the dictum of such economists, the principle of these stores is not unsound." Few now think it of importance to labor subjects of this kind, but we cannot do better than follow up this with another short ex- tract :—" MILL and other distinguished writers, it-may be observed, see much value in co-operation of the charactor we are now considering, as we think all economists must do who take human feelings into their calcu- lations, and correct their theories by obser- vation of the actual affairs of life. In directing attention to the Williamstown co-operative bakery, we give publicity to facts which help to elucidate a somewhat diffi- cult subject, and which will also help to bring into favor a system which, even though it may be utterly illogical, seems to us to be capable, under judicious management, of conferring great benefits upon a community among which it may be introduced." Setting aside the logic, or the want of logic, iu the formation of companies of this kind, or in the expectations entertained from them, we should be glad to see such an one started in Hobart Town, and think it could not fail to do good. 