The Baron de Bouchose at Tattersall's and with the Queens (EBOH THE BPOETDTG BETIEW.) " Yell, as you vish so much to hear about de bun tares, and how I getdem, I vill give you all de whole particulars. De next morning, aftaremy misfortunes, I la.y and turn ovare and about in de bed, and in my mind, vat shall I do ? I tink -of Fhilleeps de Great, and odare old friends in de trade; den I say, 'No! dat vill not doj for dey nevare keep dem ready, and I vant dem fit to go, and in de first-rate condition.' ? I have toughte of a run down to Monsr Jem Mason, but I re membare to have hear dat he was too ill for I his business, vich I am sorry for j he vas such beautiful horseman, so degant and, dolled. He make de horse have so much oonfidence in himself, dat he do more vid him dativid auymn. It vas splendid sight years ago to see him take de line of his own ovare. de country. He tss aerate de rough or brtiisisg ridare, but de accomplished one. Not like de black Ollivare, who vould hare ride de very deveel himself^ if he dare hare come near him. YeU/poorftUow, I hope he vill get all ri and into de jpigskin again, Jpr lie is ® specimen* aua sell de flirt-clas# horse. Next fam paneled for de Swipe, batoonw to de conclusion dat I vill go and see myfrierid Monsr S^Herall-- 1Monsr Edmoax mean, whomlaotMe fordis long-time, and eonndt jtfd' him on de subject Tat to test. Den I take my Hansom, and drive todeir new establish ment at de Port St. Albert, vioh I nevare be fore see. At de entrance, rich is rare good, I sfihd de same Monsr Cvtm, de torn de same vhip, and de same John, and tough rays, and hiiold f ring walk, ex cept he go" lame a leetel, vich ateady hhn in & rolL Helsaid, 48tro into de counting house onde righty' vichl do j and see atonoe It is all different from de old-ftahionnmvare de late Monsr Xattersall set ota de high stool by de door, and turn round to von, like on pivot, and duke you. bf de nand vith his hearty 'How de dof' atd * joke., It Uww de polish countair, m d des clerks and de private xwm like desbankares. Solea^fls M(>nsr Bdmoii4t de offloel" ^I de eamei thotaent he earne st, looking flMied to mo me (somehow he al«oa looked pleased), and, beg metooome in, vickj doby del gatesof de oountair, and entair a dloe«isedttM% 1&'i de! tobies said aeda for da two »was Monir Biohard, pf damdebfc Mwm* 5L. - atBeadinph^pfelfclloW Ht> m wMwwwctt 1 de country, love sport, and play a leetle at racing; but I tint he cry peccavi at dat, aldough he trow in a good main rid de ' seven and a halfj' ven he leetle expect; taut mieux. De odare vas run sporting face I see ride at des Bteepelohase more dan vonce. He some times called capitain, Bometime not, c'eat la de pend. Monsr Tattersall say, 'Baron, you are juBt de man ve vant to tell us about de discussion concerning des gentilman jockeys.' "1 Yell, I tint you make de greatest mistake in de vorld,' I say. 'De club system won't do. Sou qualify de ridare by certain club as gentilhomme, so dat many odare first-rate dubs are exclude, viph makes dem Bay,' Are ve not gentilmanB ?' and draw comparisons ; dat iB wrong, and make a row. Den de gentil man must not take money for de danger and talent he display. Dat Is stuff; he rant it more dan de professional, and run greature risk. By dis rule you make him tell de lie; for I know vun of de best of dem, who nevare get up vidout de check-string first placed between de -forefingare, and tumb held at de back of him, and an odare who lire by de riding and keep bis brodaire. Do you suppose you vill get de gentilman to travel long ray at great expense, and den chance to break his neck pour rien ? Bah I dey may be gentil manB too, all de same for de leetle trick of de check. De only veritable gentilman jockey is die Harry Hill, de Hargraves, de JackBon, and de Barbair and Saxon, and such like of de ' ring,' vid deir clerk of de scaleB, de leetle Witlow, for dey ride de gentilman veil home. Who can blame them eidare P Dey both at de same game, only de vun not so nice in his play as de odare, and vill vin.' " Ye all laugh aftare dis, and chat about de strength of de French staple, and de chance of anodare ^victory, and dey chaff me about our old three-year-olds. Mais Monsr Tattersall ratbare triste, I tink, as dey say in de country; he enjoy bad health, vich I am vex to see. I bo veil remembare him jeune, et trfes joli garcon, bon enfant he vil alvays be, and gain de respect and regard of every vun. I tell Monsr Edmon of my difficulties about de huntares, ven he say I am in good luck, as he have de stud of de Honorable Mr. Somebody, who have de chest complaint in his trowsares, and suddenly obliged to travel, juBt come in to be sold vidout reserve-saddles, bridles, cloth ings, and every ting, and have been regularly hunted up to de day before dey arrive, and'dat he know de charactair of two of them to be de best possible as perfect huntares, and just up to my weight He den BO polite as to add: ' I vill not say any more to so capital a judge as de Baron, but ve vill go and see dem out. Ye den valk trew de grand court, vith its beauti ful roof, and de old fox pump, all of vioh I find magnificent, and vere it not for deold associations of de long-loved ' cornair,' would be more appreciate, but time vill make all dat come right. Ye proceed at vonce to de staple vare are des huntares, and I see at a glimpse dat dey are of de first-class, and Monsr Edmon point me out de two he know so veil by deir charactairs, and ve have dem strip and valk out. He nevare speak till I look dem all ovare and ovare, and say, ' dey are just vat I vant; mon cher Monsieur, you must buy dem both for me.' He den say dart are several commission out for dem, and dat he fear I shall have to pay dear, as Shoevard, and Bice, and des frferes Mason are aftare dem. 4 All de same,' I reply;' I give you de commission to any price.' To vich he say, tank you, Baron, you von't repent it, and if you vill do me the honor to dine vid me, ve vill arrange to go out vid de Queen's Hounds, vich vill give you de cliance to try dem, as I vill get you a lightweight to ride second horse for you, and den you vill not take vid you de pig in de poke,' ' Mon DieuJ I answer,'' you are de most famous manajair; I shall have de greatest of plaisir.' Directly after des grooms bring out from a nodare staple de strangest of animals in the shape of a horse I evare see. He vas blade, vid de vhite legs; although he look so drole dat ve both roar vid laughtare. He have de head rot exactly resembel des Jews; dare vos de nose begin at de forehead, de large nostril, and the hanging underlip, vid de rolling, restless vide-avake eye, and de mane all curly and rough like de unbrushed hair of de tribe. ' Yell,' I say,' if I hare not seen dat fellow in de cit6, ill be hapg; he look like de ghost of von I see sell de sponge and de Turkey rhubarb, vid de long black coat and vhite stocking, or de discharged chief clerk to a bill brokare! he Beem ashame to be look at, "Next ve go intode Subscription Boom, vere all de great Turf men meet, and do vat dey can to break each odare to pieces, and vere it is tonght clevare to best vun anodare in de betting-and perhaps it is, as every one dere so sharp as de needel. De writing on de Tall, vich iB difficult to make out, is * Parole d'honnettrJ De room itself is beautiful and chaste, and have but tub fault-it to good for des transactions. Still, I put my name down to be propose a membare, as it will amuse me to take de little book, comine tont le monde, and take de lesson of Lord Frederic, who teach us all ve know. " Now, jf you vill be so good as to pass me de claret, I vill try and ma£e abort vork of my huntares, and how dey turn out. I vill first tell you vot-in England dey have not define taste'for de olaretaa in France. Day put de eau- de-vie in it, vioh spoil de delicate pro perties, and make it BO ateong aa Samson, who have all de poware in de-head. Yen I have de plaisir to see you cher moi, 1 vill give you de pore virgin vine, vich have delicious bouquet} ana sot as tonio and stomachic. Here it is fill vid de gout and de diable knows vat. * *' Yell, I buy de two horses j vot des cost or vot dor names! kfcep secret from de public. I re-christen dem, and call vun de Bow and de odare de Arrow, for dey oarry ve so straight and swift. I dine aftare vid Monsr Edmon, and pass de most agreeable evening while in Londres. He have a famous old cK&teau.; It seems miles and miles avay in de oountry, and yet it is not more dan tea minutes' drive from de business i and he aeem so happy , at home! ent» nous, I viih I ootild say de mine for xnylelf. Howevare, he eettel everything about do hunting,«and take all de trouble of sending de booM* and de grooms and all to de1Meet? udmake appointment to be atde PadiingtQn . M It vas s^endid mMS^feTde^Bpott j and de jneetfor dehoundstMAt Luxgley Station, two *nile from Ye go aown in da , J3S oarri«5^«tartStea|v^ Ufcfcd ;h*reMi>lai«irofoM letteriand de de mom compartment^ bwideioutttlTOi daw vos von odare geutilman and two tremendous snob.' Dey vos SO horsey and big wid demselvea and de fete of de day, dat I soon make out run vos a flash vell-to-do second-rate dealair, and de odare de eon of a rare vealthy retire butchair from de Vest End. He talk incessant and so noisy all de time dat I offiiire mm de cigar to Btop de nuisance, vioh, ven he smoke a leetel, he touch me on de Bhouldare, and say, 'MOBSOO, a ripper!' Veddare he mean me or de cigar, or both, and take us for double Dutch, I not understand. Yen I ask ZphhT for de meanine» lie say, «Shop, "Ve find de horses all ready for us at de station, and re mount dem and valk gently on to Langley, vere as punctual to de minute up come de hounds, headed by de vondare of de age-de veteran Davis, who look like a picture as he sit on his grey, de famous Cotswold. It is vorth all de troubel of a ride down any day to see this beautiful old man, for I can call him no less dan dat. Hie seat so perfect, his mannare, Mb aristocratic feature and bearing, and de je ne Bais quoi dat make him de beau ideal of huntsman. He come up and speak to us, and ve shake hands-he not forget me, and he admire my horse. Den I point to him my second, vich he say look equally good, and he hope ve shall have a rufi dat vill tiy dem. Den Harry King, on a rare good looking vun, also came up, and say he is so pleased to see me affcare so long time. He trow, I tink, de jealous eye on my horse; for he say, 'Ve have not seen such a vim out vith us of late. I hope ve shall have a run, Baronand den he trot off to find de deer-cart. But, oh»how change vas all de scene of de meet! No more Chesterfield, Pembroke, D'Orsay, Alvanley, Johnny Bush, or Colonel Stanton and des Vysel No offisairs of de Household; it vas de most motley assembly I evare see. A few carriages of de neighbouring gentry-shabby enough no four-in-hand as formerly. Four veelers vith gee-up dobbins ; lote of de horse dealairs and riding-mastains from town, vid a plentiful sprinkling offemmes entretemi and de tag-rag and bobtail vot alvays follows. At de most a dozen real sportmen, de rest health seekairs and roadsters, vho vould not take a fence to save deir life. De vhole ting is a dis grace to de country, and I grieve to see it. Unless de Prince take dem in hand, and go out vonce a veek,and and bring his court, vich de aristocracy vil be sure to follow, de celebre Buckhounds vil become a mockeiy and farce. "De deer vos soon turn out, and Monsieur Davis lay on de hounds ven he make avay, and give us some pretty fencing to beyond Moore Park. I keep my eye on King, and he keep de eye on me. Ve have a stiff gate into de. main road, vich de deer cross. I vos de first to clear it, and King say, 'Bravo, Baron! I tonght he vos a good 'unand I tink so too, only he a bit resolute, and vould not be deny, so I have nothing to do but go on and sit still. Ve go de right line for Black Park, and ovate Iver Heath, vich I reckon bad country. Here about I meet vid de slight mishap. Dare vas vun big bank, vid the post and rails at de top, and de deep ditch each side-a regular r&spair.; I see jt coming; it cast de shadow before, and I have presentiment of evil. Monsieur King sing out to me,' Now's de time, Baron, hands down and peckairs up; let him have it a flyair. You must do it as von.' Veil, I steady him a leetel; den I make up my mind, aldough I vill own dat I feel de least possible twittering in de left side, and perhaps my hone tink me undecided; still, I cram him veil, and keep de head of him straight to it den up in the air ve go. I hear des rails crack like de pistol shot, vich shake me somevat out of de saddel j and ven ve land, I find ve are scrambling on de ground-not de regular® fall, but something slovenly-de hind legs of de horse was §in de ditch-de same moment King land safe. As I get up, de foot of my huntarestand on de tail of my coat; alas! Monsieur Poole, it split you half vay up de back, yich make me laugh. Howevare, I vas soon in de saddel again, and set him going, ven, as I gallop down de field (for de hounds take a turn) I see de son of de rich butchair get a most beautiful 'crop-pair,' vich rnaVo me tink he was killed. I ride to him and say, * J'espere que vous n'etes pas bless^ Monsieur?' He say,' No blast you! I only fell on my head.' I touch my cap and say, 'Oh!' and tink vat lucky fellow to have Buch splendid head. Next ve go to Danham Pari, de seat of Monsieur Ben Vay; ve go de great pace, till ve find de deer in de vatare. I look round, and see my second horse come along gently and fresh, so den I change, and tell de young man to take de Arrow carefully back, vich ne do. MonBieur Edmon give up here; he say his horse vas young and not fit, vich vas pity, for he go veil to CUB point. j " Ye now get avay again, as de hounds vare at him vonce more, andjracing for Aliens Park and vpods. And now de feneing vos not so I good; but ve Boon bore straight for Harefield, and I have nice opportunity to enjoy de Bow, vho VOB more temperate and reasonable dan de odare. Ve so to de right of dese large voods, and skirt des Bislip voods, vara ve meet some awkward places, alt of vich I get veil ovare, aldough de paoe get vare good, and dare vas scarce any vun going vid us. Dis did not last much longaxe; for about vun mifo de odare side of Bislip re take de dear in de homestead of defBjroyard. Time,vun hour and seventeen minate, eome part of vioh vas excellent. X have de honour of being de first up, and Monsieur King and I shakedehands of old -friendship, and he pay we vun vare great compliment. Dare vas only seven of us altogedare-four of -dem go on de road to Londrfcs direct-, and myself and anodare make back quiet for de Slough station,,on de vay to vioh, as ve trot along, ve find vunoe more dat dreadful butohair boy, vid several odare' snob,' drinking at de-pubuo-house. Ven he spy me coming, he say to his friends, 1 Here ? here! look! dat's de sanglant Franp^is dat drop me, and den say bless yon!' vioh term des vulgar® often apply indiscriminately to de Buanan, Prussian, German, Spaniard, or any odare fpreigneer in England j so I pay no attention to de brute. It is taken from flit Zton Juan of Lord Byron, and is vot is epll 'slank,' Mon sieur Edmon send my horses avay yesterday in charge of dt light weight, who sopfcase me' dat I keep him, and,he vait for me inlforfr,. u Now, vun more bottel, and dea lettui led Dieu meroi,^o^Mmw^ say' ^havetosw* dat drunken, rolli^medianS j mMchmtix," .-K\ * 1 1 j Bottthwuptoru 