GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. The Freeman's Journal, of the 13th of January, says :-We have been shown a letter' addressed to the Very 1Rev the President of Lyndhurst College,. concerning a subject of the greatest importance to the establishment.. over which he rules as well as to the Catholio comminunity generally. The writer refers to the establishment of scholarships in connec tion with the Catholic schools, and recommends each district to subscribe funds to enable the best boy attending the Catholic school to be sent for one 'twelve months to St Mary's Col lege, Lyndhurst. In the district from which the writer dates his letter a sum of 201. has: already been subscribed. The suggestion is certainly a most excellent one, and if. taken up with 'spirit must tend to raise the tone of our Catholic schools, while it will act as a feeder to the Catholic College. We have al ready announced that the President of Lynd burst had reduced the cost of education~in that establishment, and if a large increase of students took place, he could still further les Ben-their expenses. The plan proposed could be easily followed out, and in every school to which a scholarship was established wve should see.a large amount of emulation on the part of the pupils in order to obtain the great ad vantage which would accrue to thern of spend ing one year in the Catholic College. The Northern Argus, referring to the war in Chili, says :-Notwithstanding ll the Aus tralian "blowing" there is not one of the colonies except South Australia which grows its own food. For the first and `greatest ne cessary-the-staff of life-we are dependent on other countries, yet, if we are to believe the agrictilturists, there is land in Queensland to grow wheat sufficient not only for our own consumption, but for that of the other colonies. The Darling Downs alone, if given for agri cultural purposes, would supply all Australia in hreadstuff,." Our Government is better employed in selling 'the runs for other purt poses, and the pre-emptive right, is availed of there to keep out both agriculturist and miner. This can't last. . The Lancashire bell-ringers are how giviing a series of their charming musical entertain ments in Goulburn, where their performances are highly, appreciated. There are eight per formers, who manipulate about sixty hells, varying in size from the smallest :handbell to one large enough for a country church. In the course of their journey overland to Mel bourne, they intend visiting Queanbeyan. Petty pilfering is rife at Cooma just now fowl roosts and clothes-lines being frequently robbed. Last week constable Carroll suc ceeded in arresting in a but at Coolringdon a man and woman suspected. At the time'of their arrest they were drying at a fire articles' of weaning apparel afterwards identified as stolen from Cooma. The prisonors are under remand. A labouring man named Martin Quealy, while working in a quarry, in Duke-st Woolloomnooloo, last week, was seized sunstroke, which terminated fatally in a few hours. - A mnaned named James Law, has 'committed for manslaughter in Sydney, accused had a few words with Michael B 'gnn, who was sitting on his door-step phi" 'with his little child; and asking hi n if 'was game to stand up before him, Ber 'arose, when with one blow Law felled hit the gro and, whence Berripan was carri n tin unconscious state into his house, whem soon afterwards died. Deceased leaves a m and two children with a speedy prospect third. William Whately,.a butcher, was ns tally killed near the rail way bridge, No on Wednesday last, while attempun'g t. md f his horse in a state of inebriation. '0) attempted to mount from the w'mcnra , ' in doing so accidentally touched hiq b. his spur, causing hi'n to halt, and ' \- rider heavily to the ground. His hi': ., upon a strine, fiacturing the skull, 4 r ing death from concussion of the br i paralysis of the heart. Mrs Maiy Roberts, of Elizab&b;'.' SSydney, has 'enclosed 'to the Rev A -e ta cheque ftor eight hundred and fifty jiiu tto be a~pplied towards the completion th front of the Presbyterian Church, Ph " r st ,The Empire says th is taunificetit dotmatmun Swas wvholly unsolicited, and is only one among I many acts of 'Clhristitan liberality on the part of the satne lady. Another young womana has fallen a victhm to crinofirie. Mary Ann O'H-ara, 19 years of age, a servant in the family of Mr A. Lynich, of' the Islaisds, Cowra, was wtishing clothesi at the creek-side 'near the house, when when hier clothing took fire. She was discovered by hier rnisti'ess runrzing towai'ds the house iwith hier burning clothes falling frem her. piecemeal to the griiss, which was also set cin fire, the poor girl remaining a charr'ed and naked mass. Death ended her sufferings the following day. Two men camped in an. uninhbhited hutat ,.Bhadf'ord, near 1Murrrundi, last 'Tuesday it night. One of them wvas found miurdered the itnext afternoon.. The other land decamped n during 'the night, and co'uld not be found. Rtiihnrd Brue Southey, son of Dr'Southey, 'e of Balrnnidd, stands committed to take his It trial for 'nmarishidigliter, het baving killed a man named Oliver Griffiths in a fight. e Flirguson and Moffijt, of"Melbourne, have ~r published an aridanac for 1866, with a rural It calander, amid a variety of useful information, e having, as unadditionitl attraction four ghosts aor ghost-raisers. These aro: simply coloured to plates, which, by virtue of the well-known law ic at optics, that the eye seeks an even comple'. in meat of light, are .reproduced to the viuiwof~ a the spcctatisr in difl'erent cohntrs on the widal opposite. 