THE INAUGURATION. (< om our heated Contributor.) 1 1 am a loyal subject — I take pride in believing that the sun never sets : on the British dominions — but my pride was put to a very severe test, | and my loyalty to considerable inconvenience on the occasion of the | inauguration of the Prince Consort's statue, when, I verily believe, the i aforesaid sun concentrated his rays in one no-getting-out-of-the-way- ! of-it-able focus right upon the spot where the thousands congregated | to pay their tribute of eye service to the statue in their case made and ; provided, not one of whom could complain, with any show of reason, ; of being put "into the shade." That the Committee showed a I lamentable amount of ignorance on the all-absorbing question of j " Who's Who in 1866 ?" will not be for a moment disputed — because i nobody would take the trouble to do it — but they certainly did not j succeed in placing everybody first, and nobody last, in the procession, ; which has created a frightful amount of heart- burnings and jealousies : that will probably last through life, if not longer. However, j " glorious Apollo" came to their rescue, and ensured perfect equality, I as far as perspiration and inconvenience were concerned, from the ! Alderman on his dignity, to the short spectator on the tips of his toes. | In fact, with the exception of our firemen, who, being accustomed to ; go to blazes," are probably quite at home with the thermometer at j boiling point, the majority of the processionists must have been ; conscious that the warm feeling which induced them to make them- j selves useful, with a reckless disregard of the ornamental, met, like ; Abel's offering, responsive fire from the skies, and, heaven knows, j dearly they paid for it. In fine, the whole affair may be characterised i as one of the largest sun pictures ever witnessed in Australia, it being also currently reported that several suits of clothes returned to their I abodes without their owners, who had been reduced to large grease spots in the "merry sunshine." The Volunteers, in all the pride, i pomp, and circumstance of glorious war, looked as if there was no i compulsion, only they must go through with it, and with a reckless ; disregard of fire (rulgo "chaff") from the unappreciative and uncom- : missioned rabble, brought their wives and children with them, which i had a very pleasing and martial effect, and excited the envy of that very large portion of the aristocracy who could see nothing of the scene but the tip of Sir Richard Bourke's nose, and some very bad. single ! wicket practice on the Domain cricket ground. The Temperance Society appeared very dry, the Masons looked very Odd Fellows indeed, and all their Noble Grandeur was eclipsed by the superior I effulgence of old Sol, — the Foresters evidently felt that they would | rather be wandering "beneath the shade of melancholy boughs" indulging in a cold collation of sack, malvoisie, and venison, than 1 " wearing of the green'' under such peculiarly uncomfortable circum stances, and as for the Odd Fellows themselves, "Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." The floral tribute carried j by " melted out gardeners " had a very hot-house appearance, the crown at the top in particular looking remarkably sick, and " nid nid | nodding," as if imploring Pluvius "long to rain over it,'' The ' District Court Judges, and the legal gentlemen would assuredly have gladly exchanged their " distinguished position " for a little quiet i "practice" in some cool "bar." The members of the University had very much the aspect of a strolling theatrical company, out of luck, ; in consequence of hot weather, and the German Association were ! unmistakably impressed with the conviction that wherever the I " Deutscher's Vaterland " might be, this country was growing too hot I for them. The Church of England looked as if they would like " Conference " together at the nearest drinking fountain, — the Church i of Rome, as if she would not stand upon the order of her going, but | go at once, for safety and for "sucker," and the Church of Scotland, ! with fierce determination, sprinkled in copious drops on her counte- I nance, like a stern, hydra-headed covenanter, resolved to go in a I perisher, and " dinna forget." The Mayor, and the "old hosses" | composing his retinue, seemed as if an adjournment to a horse pond j would afford them great internal satisfaction, and the British army | inwardly lamented that he was not under marching orders for the Chili War. The Navy was an amalgamated mass of red hot tar, and the artillery wished it would "blow great guns.'' The banners hung down listlessly, " without a wrinkle or a fold," even that gorgeous and mysterious device representing " bold Robin Hood," squinting round a tree at Adam and Eve, failing to attract the upturned glance of the baked, boiled, broiled, and roasted spectators. But what shall I say of the Members of Parliament? why simply, that if they are the I representatives of the people, the community of New South Wales j possesses the maximum variety of feature with the minimum amount | of beauty. As nothing was visible of them but their side faces, and j hats with broad brims, hats with narrow brims, hats without brims at all — black hats, white hats, drab hats— good hats, middling hats, and shocking bad hats, this fact was most painfully apparent. However, though there was every colour of the rainbow, and a good many more besides, imprinted on their respective "mugs," it was satisfactory to observe that they put aside all parliamentary differences, and that both " eyes and nose " blended together in displaying the warmth of their zeal, their indifference to perspiration, and their taste in bandanas. After the procession had arrived in the domain, the Masters of the Ceremony "marshalled the clans," and the various bodies, arms, legs, and heads, having fallen in without failing out, at the signal " one, two, three, and off' she goes," the mighty cavalcade of foot men started with colours flying, bands playing different tunes at the same time, and umbrellas up. Having, after considerable difficulty, and super- j human perseverance, succeeded in finding a spot where there was not j another single (or married) soul, I discovered that I could see nothing; j my readers will, therefore, excuse me for not telling them what I saw, but I subsequently heard that the mob stormed Government House, i forced his Excellency and suite, with a chosen band of warriors, j statesmen, youth and beauty clad in robes of purest white (not the : warriors and statesmen, but the youth and beauty) to accompany them i to the base of the statue, which at this juncture had an aspect j something between " the ghost " of the Red, White, and Blue, and a j brogdignagian poultice. The melancholy cortege — I mean, brilliant j train, having arrived at the place of execution — that is to say, centre I of attraction — were placed in the most uncomfortable positions, and ! the tag, rag, and bobtail brigade, having jostled, and swayed, and j and quarrelled and chaffed, and trod on each other's toes, on the heels of the procession, filled up all the space that remained between the ; latter and the stands, which were crammed with those enthusiasts who j would indulge in the luxury of paying ten shillings, five shillings, or two shillings and sixpence, as the case might bo, for the privilege of being slowly grilled. The photographers having been inducted to the seats provided for them on the neighbouring chimney pots — the German Choristers and Lyster's Troupe having been politely re quested to step into two wooden tea trays provided for the occasion, regardless of cost — and the dear little school children having been carefully placed where they could get a clear and uninterrupted view of nothing but the ruins of St. Mary's Cathedral, and learn a great moral lesson on the consequences of playing with fire— the stage managers, or rather committee, declared that "all was ready to begin" — tho German band of vocalists expressed, in the melodious accents of their native tongue, their opinion that Prince Albert " was a jollich gute felloch, und sie sagen alle von uns, mitaheeprach 1" This having been successfully got through, Sir John Young (I am informed on the authority of the Empire) took his place on (not at, mind you) the table, followed by the Chief Justice, the Premier, Colonial Secretary, Works, Lands, Treasury, several members of both houses, two Bishops, a large number of the clergy of various denominations, and the University ; forming a most imposing tableau rivan, and exciting a great amount of admiration on the part of the canaille , at seeing so small a table furnish forth such a gigantic spread. The Governor having improved the occasion by delivering an address, which, though j " inaudible in the gallery," was, justly, very much admired by all who j heard it, as a happy combination of common sense with eloquent and j appropriate diction, the order was given to unveil the statue, and i eight beautiful bridesmaids executed the manoeuvre with a dexterity j worthy of able bodied seamen — the Royal Standard was run up the j flagstaff, and Albert the Good appeared in " his habit as he lived" — the j people forgot their heat in their ardour, and shouted with one voice — j the Lyster Troupe sang the National Anthem — cannon boomed, and the performances concluded in a perfect blaze of triumph. Ooray— bang ! | Ooray-y-y — rang-dang-dang — kling klang— where are you a shovin'! j Hooray — bang-bang-b tng ! Altogether, it was a very pleasant day, i and thousands of people appeared to enjoy it under the most creditable | circumstances, and the statue is a very handsome one, and we don't j envy anybody, and are proud of our Queen and country. So peace to j the memory of Albert the Good, long live our gracious Queen, and j God bless us all ! j . I 