AMATEUR DRAMATIC CLUB PERFORMANCE. For some weeks past the monitors of the Brisbane Amateur Dramatic Club have been rehearsing, with the intention of giving a public performance as soon as they were sufficiently confident of their ability to make the attempt. Yesterday evening they gave their first public performance in the Victoria Theatre, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. A very large and fashionable audience, including the Honorable the President of the Legislative Council, occupied the body of the hall, and the gallery was also well filled. So great was the number of applicants for seats that considerable difficulty was experienced in supplying them. It was the intention of the club to give their first entertainment free of charge, but the expenses attending the / performance were found to be so heavy that they were reluctantly obliged to abandon the idea. However, if no charge had been made for admittance, the audience could not have been larger than it was. The performance com danced with Colman's celebrated tragedy of The Iron Ghost," The parts appeared to have been well distributed. That of Sir Edward Mortimer, a gloomy, melancholy man, the victim of his passions, and a prey to bitter remorse, but withal a man of generous impulses, fell to the lot of Mr. I. T. F. Keogh, who de- lineated the character with much ability and expression. Fitzhardhiff, his brother, a man of upright disposition only when known interests were not in the scale, was played by Mr. T. P. Wright. Wilford (the Secretary), a very dull cult character, was well sustained by Mr. T. G. Symon, who depicted the crafty, cunning, cringing characteristics of the man in so forcible a manner as to frequently draw forth the applause of his audience. Adam Winterton, the faithful steward of Sir Edward, one of the old class of home sites, was entrusted to Mr. C. A. Wright, and it could not have been in better hands. The fanciful but cunning old man, almost in his second childhood, was so naturally represented by Mr Wright as to draw forth many expressions of approbation. The minor characters were well sustained, especially that of Lady Helen by Miss Wilson. The piece was admirably performed from beginning to end. It would not be exaggeration to say that the way in which many of the parts were sustained would reflect credit on many a professional actor. The many pathetic passages with which the play abounds were rendered with much excellence. The old cutionary abilities of Mr. Keogh are considerable, and were well appreciated. Those of Mr Symon OJBO deserved the recognition they're cooked. At the conclusion of the piece the applause was general and on the fall of the curtain, the chief performers were loudly called for. After an interval of ten minutes, the second part of the entertainment commenced. Charles Matthews' laughable farce of " Little Toddlokins, or two Forty-eight Founder," was chosen as the afterpiece. The audience were kept in one continual roar of laughter by the ludicrous incidents in which the piece abounds, and to which full justice was done by the performers. Mr. Neilson, who acted his part creditably in the first piece, was most amusing in the second, as Jones Robinson Brown Smith, an unfortunate widower, who was hindered in his matrimonial specula- tions by his stepdaughter, Lillie Toddlekins, a young creature about 12 years older than himself. Sarnaby Babicombe, a good old English gentleman, was sustained with great humor by Mr. C. A. Wright, Mr. T. P. Wright, who, looked out in lady's attire, enacted the part of Little Toddlckins, was very successful in exciting the merriment of his audience by his awkward attempts to personate a young lady of a certain age." The performance was excellent throughout, and the warm approbation accorded to the efforts of the amateurs will doubtless encourage them to appear a second time in public before long. 