THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. [From the Itorald's Special Reporter.] VICTORIA v. NEW SOUTH WALES. ?Sbvebai, events have operated to cause the ninth match between the New South Wales and Victorian cricketers to be regarded as one of the most interest ing — perhaps the most interesting — which has taken plat* between the two colonies ; indeed, I think I am not exceeding the truth when I say that, at any rate in Melbourne, hardly less excitement has been felt than at either of the matches with the All England elevens ; undoubtedly, it is second only to them. The circumstance that, in the year 1863— the last occasion on which the representatives of the two colonies met on the same cricket field — an unhappy misunderstanding put an end for a time to the annual friendly trials of skill — that the last two matches have been club against club, not colony against colony ; that the loss to us — which has been gain to you — of such men as Caffyn, Cosstick, and Hewitt, have been pretty generally considered to have more than equalised any difference that existed in our favour ; added to the not unnatural wish that, as we have had to succumb to the superior skill of yonr rifles, we might retrieve our laurels on the cricket field : — all these have had their influence in a greater 01 less degree in contributing to this state of feeliug. There can be no doubt that, with such men as the ' three 1 have named, and with Lawrence and Thomp son, and all the advantages which might reasonably be supposed to have been derived from the coaching of the two All- England cricketers, and the practice of ?your men off the reputed best professional bowler in the Southern Hemisphere, we had a formidable array against us, and accordingly the betting has been in some instances as much as five to one, in many three to one, on yourselves. In a few cases I have myself heard old cricketers say that ' it was not a question of ?who would win, but whether the Victorians would or would not be beaten in one innings.' On the other hand, Victoria has by no means lacked -support, and the odds have been freely taken. Latterly, when it was announced that yon were backing yourselves in Sydney at two to one, Mel bourne, of course, followed Buit. But I think the -preponderance of opinion has been that we had not the ghost of a chance. ' A hollowthing, Sir, a hollow thing !' We were considered over-matched at all points. Such, however, has not been the universal opinion ; and 1 confess I have myself never been without a strong hope that we Bhould pull through with credit, if not with triumph, and that to whichever side victory might lean, the conquerors would have their work before; them. When the places of such men as V. Cameron, W. Campbell, Simmonds, War dill, and Yewere could be filled by men who, in the estimation of the appointed judges, were better, it was un reasonable to suppose that Victoria would not make a geod stand against any eleven that the sister colony could bring, and when the names of the eleven were at last officially announced, I must say I considered, that they would take a great deal of beating. It was supposed that we were deficient in bowlers. 'Wills and Conway are all there ; but if they're col lared 5 What then ? ' ' Why, there are Turner and Greaves; and what of Wilkie's slows?' 'Oh! as to them, Cafiyn will make beans of all three.' Such was the expressed opinion of no unimportant portion of our cricketing men ; while you had Cosstick, and -Caffyn, and Thompson, and Lawrence, with Gregory and Jones on whom to fell back if necessary. In batting, on the whole perhaps opinion was more equally divided. We had Gibson, and Greaves, and Phillips — all stickers — Kelly 'the little wonder,' ?Fowler, and Rees, Conway, Wills, and O'Mullane ; not one but was pretty safe to trouble the scorers ; -while you had Caffyn, and Lawrence, and Thompson, and Hewitt, Gregory, Kellick, Jones, and Sam Cosstick ; all these were known to be stiff bats, so that altogether it seemed to me to be anyone's game, and assuredly not five to one, or two to one either, on any side ; at all events not till alter the commence ment of the game. The weather which, until the close of last week had been for some days cold, and wet, and -windy, 'suf- fered a recovery ' on Christmas Day, which was as fine as if .it had been especially bespoken for the oc casion. Hardly a cloud speckled the soft blue over head, and the heat of the son was tempered by a gentle cool breeze from the South. The opening day of the match saw this continued. The turf was in capital order, as smooth as a bowling-green, and everything gave assurance of an excellent game, Wills was elected captain of the Victorian eleven, a compliment which he fully deserved ; it would have been no easy matter to have found any one so folly qualified on all points to fill a post of such responsi bility. Lawrence commanded the New South Wales team. The former spun a sovereign for choice of inuings. Lawrence won, and elected to send his men in first. Accordingly, with unusual and most com mendable punctuality, exactly as the hour hand pointed to noon, the Victorians, in white flannel dresses, with blue ribbons round their hats, took their . places in the field, O'Mullane at the wicket ; Kelly, point ; Phillips, long stop ; Turner and Rees, long ? leg and cover ; Conway, bowling ; Wilkie and Wills ? in the slipB ; Greaves, short leg ; Fowler, mid off ; and Gibson, third man. Caffyn and Kellick were the first to appear at the wickets. Driver and Wisden were umpires ; and Martyn and Hip well scorers. THE MATCH. Fibst Innings of New South Wales. FibstDat. — Tuesday, 26th, December, 1865. Conway delivered the first ball from the south end \- to Kellick, who cut his Becond for two and drove ; his last for two more. A bye was run off Wills' first, his second O'Mullane fancied touched Caffyn's bat ; he caught it and appealed, but Caffyn was given ' in.' This was a maiden over, off the first of Conway's 2nd over a leg bye was run. His second Kellick cut in the slips ; it was fumbled by Gibson, and a single was scored. The third Caffyn slipped for one ; and the last Kellick made rather a fluky hit in \- the same direction forone. The second of Wills' 2nd over Kellick played to short leg for one, as he did also with the second of Conway's 3rd over. The last ballof this over O'Mullane had a chance of stumping Caffyn, 1 but failed to hold the ball. The first of Wills' 3rd struck Kellick, and hurt him severely ; he was not long, however, before he recovered sufficiently to con tinue the game ; hut Lawrence undertook to run for him. The next ball he cut past point for one ; off the first of Conway's 4th he scored another for a hit to short leg. The last Caffyn cut to point ; Kelly took it neatly, and returned it to Conway, who let the ball slip through his fingers, and a run was got. Wills' fourth was a maiden. The first of Conway's 5th Kellick drew for a single. Willis] 5th, 6th, and 7th, surd Conway's 6th and 7tb were maidens. The second ball of die last named struck Caffyn on the knee. Conway appealed, but Caffyn was given 'in.' The «. of Conway's 8th, Caffyn partly stopped; it d behind the wicket, ana was taken by O'Mul lane, who, seeing Caffyn had just raised his foot off the ground, smartly dislodged the bails, Wisden gave him out. Cafiyn was unutterably disgusted, and did not believe he was off his ground, but was too good a cricketer to dispute the umpire's decision, and left the wickets at 12.35. He obtained two singles during die 36 minutes he was in. Tele graph, 1, 2, 15. Thompson took the last of the over ; but, at the next ball, the 1st of Wills' 8th, he lost his partner Kellick, who was well caught by Kelly atpoint, after having been in 39 minutes, during which he made 11 runs — 2 doubles and 9 singles. Telegraph, 2, 2, 15. _ Cosstick filled the vacancy ; the 2nd of Conway's ninth Thompson drew for a single. The 3rd Sam played for another. Wills' 9th and Conway's 10th overs were maidens ; but a leg bye was got at the last ball of the latter. The third ball of Wills' 10th over was a ripper, Sam could do nothing with it, and it levelled his stumps at 12.50 — he was only ten minutes at the wickets, and scored two singles. Telegraph, 3, 2, 19. Hewitt succeeded and played the last of Wills' 10th over to short leg for one. The third of Conway's 11th he bit well to leg, but it was well picked up and returned by Rees, so he only made 1. Wills 11th was a maiden. The third of Conway's 12th Thompson slipped for a single. The first of Wills 12th struck Thompson on the leg, aud a bye was run. The third Hewitt cut for 1 just out of Kelly's reach, the third of Conway's 13th Hewitt hitpast off for 3. The ? first of Wills' 13th he hit nicely, to leg, but was again prevented by Rees from scoring more than a single. . At the next ball Thompson was very neatly caught in the slips by Conway at 12.65, having been twenty-five minutes getting his two singles. Telegraph 4, 2, 28. Gregory joined Hewitt at one o'clock. The last of Conway's 14th over Hewitt hit to leg through fence for 4. Wills' 14th was a maiden, but his Becond struck Gregory, who was for a little while uoable to continue bis play. Conway's 13th was a maiden. The second of Wills' 16th was finely cut by Gregory past cover point through the fence for 4, and the last was played by him to shortleg for a single. Gregory made a straight dnve off the first of Conway's 16th over for 1. The last of the over Hewitt cut sharply aud started to run ; but Kelly had takeu and returned the ball very prettily, and Hewitt having slipped and fallen as he turned back very nearly lost his wicket. The first of Wills' 16th Gregory gave Conway a difficult chance in the slips, which was declined. Both bowlers' 17th overs were maidens. A change was now considered desirable, and Turner relieved Conway. In his first over he bowled all the balls to leg, but as Gregory did not contrive to get hold of one a maiden was placed to the bowler's credit. Hewitt got a single to leg off the fourth of WillB' 18th over. In putting round to leg at the first of Tur ner's 2nd over, the hall touched the corner of Hewitt's bat, and fell an easy catch into Conway's hands in the slips, at 1.25. His stay at the wicket was 35 minutes, during which he scored a 4 a 3 and 5 singles. Telegraph: 5, 12,42. His place was filled by Lawrence, whe took the remaining balls, a leg-bye being run for the 2nd ball of the over. Gregory hit the first of Wills' 19th to leg for 4 ; the last he cut to cover point for 1. Rees fielding it well The third of Turner's 3rd, Gregory played for a single to mid off ; the last Lawrence hit to leg, and being fumbled by Rees a couple were run. The third of Wills' 20th Gregory cut past third man for a single. The first of Turner's 4tli, Gregorv hit to leg through the fence for 4\. Lawrence slipped the first of Wills' 2lBt over for I ; the 2nd Gregory drew for 2 ; Turner's 5th over was again made up of leg halls, and a bye and leg bye were made off them ; but no hits being made off the balls another maiden was the result. Greeves now relieved Wills, and Gregory hit his 1st to short leg for 2\. Conway here took the ball from Turner, and bowled his 18th over, a maiden. Gregory got 2 and 4 respectively off the 3rd and 4th bills of Greeves' 2nd over. The fourth hall of Conway's 19 th over — a maiden— just touched the corner of Lawrence's off bale, and gave him notice to quit at 1.44. It was a splendid ball, and Lawrence could hardly believe he had been bowled, and appealed to the umpire. He retained his place for nineteen minutes, during which he made one double and one single. Tele graph, 6, 3, 69. Jones now faced Gregory, who received Wills' s 22nd over, a maiden. Jones hit the first of Conway's 20th to square leg for a couple. The third ball of Wills's 23rd over Gregory played, and made a very sharp and dangerous run ; but that Wilkie did not return it quite high enough he must have lost his wicket. Conway's 21st over was a maiden bowled to Gregory ; the last of the over again hurt him severely, and prevented the continu ance of the play for some time. The first of Wills's 24th was played by Jones, and another very sharp and unsafe run was made ; had the ball been taken clean by Greeves nothing could have stayed the loss of a wicket. It was much too close. It was now 2 o'clock ; the luncheon bell rang, and the players all left for the marquee behind the grand stand. The senseless practice of speechifying and toast drinking was with much good judgment dispensed with, ana so at 2.49 play was resumed. The first of Conway's 22nd over Jones sent a ball on its travels towards the sun, but as no one was near enough to receive it on its descent a single was scored. The last Gregory hit prettily to leg; Rees stopped it, hut clumsily, and a couple were made. The third of Wills's 25th was well slipped by Jones. There was a little hesitation about making a second run, but through bad fielding they were able to do it. The second of Conway's 23rdL, Gregory hit well to leg ; Greeves contrived to prevent its going under the fence and a couple were made. The second of Wills' 26th, ' Jones drew for 2; the 3rd of Conway's 24th over Gregory skied to mid over, but no one was near enough to tike advantage, and a single was obtained ; the last Jones played for another single. The second of Wills' 27th was slipped by Jones, land being fumbled by Gib son, a run was scored. Jones played the first of Con way's 25 th for one just out of Kelly's reach. Gregory cut the next into the slips for one. Thethird Jones obligingly offered to Tom Wills, and Tom was far too courteous to decline the favour. He retired therefore at 3.5, having kept up his wicket 32 minutes, and having scored three doubleB and five singles. Tele graph 7, llj 87. The next man was Curtis. 'Wills bowled his 28th over, a maiden to Gregory. Conway's 26th, owing to the smart fielding of Wilkie and Gibson, was a maiden. The first of Wills' 29th to Gregory flew up, into the air behind the wicket ; ' Catch it,' cried Wills; Wilkie did as he was bid, but it was a case of 'much ado about nothing,' for WiBden gave Gregory ' in.' This over was a maiden. The second of Conway's 27th Curtis drove forward past the bowler ; no one was there and Conway started after it, but stopped after running a few steps, and Greeves had to go. This little arrangement enabled Curtis to score 3. The third of Wills' 30th over a leg-bye, was well stolen by Gregory; the last Gregory hit to leg, and as Greeves was dozing a single was scored. Conway's 28 th was a maiden, as was Wills's 31st, but off the first hall of the latter a double was made for -a leg-bye, and from the third a bye was capitally stolen by Gregory. Curtis hit the first of Conway's 29th over to leg ; Rees let the ball slip through his hands, and it went under the fence for 4. The second was cut by the same player to cover point ; this was fielded by Turner as if he were pick ing up a ball in practice ; consequentlv 3 runs were added to the score. The next ball Gregory played and started to run : Conway picked it up and threw at the wicket; it missed, and, as there was no one to back up, 3 runs were made. Wills' 32nd was a maiden. Wilkie was now put on with his slows at Conway's end, and not a minute too soon, aud bowled amaiden ; but from Ms third 2 byes were run. Wills' 33rd wes a maiden. Curtis played the second of Wilkie's 2nd over to mid-on for a single, and drew the last of Wills' 34th for a double. Gregory hit the last of Wilkie's 3rd through the fence fer 4 to leg. Wills' 36th over was a maiden. The first of Wilkie's 4th was hit high to the on by Gregory ; Rees who had been placed deep on purpose waited with great coolness and judgment and caught the ball, tbus at last disposing of Gregory to the no small satis faction of the Victorians, he having played a masterly innings of one hour fifty-one minutes and having made the high score of 43, which included 5 fours 1 three 5 twos and 10 singles. He was the only man of the eleven who, in tMs innings, seemed able to stand against the bowling. Telegraph, 8,43,114. The vacancy was filled by Oatley, but he immediately lost his companion, who was caught by Wilkie off his own ball. Curtis had been in thirty-eight minutes. His score of 13 was made up of 1 four, 2 threes, 1 two, and a single. Oliver was the last man, and took the rest of the over ; Wilkie's third he played for 2, and his fourth, which Fowler missed, went through the fence for 4. Wills' 36th over was a maiden. At the last ball of this over Oatley gave a difficult chance to Conway, wMch was not taken. Wilkie's 5th was a maiden. Thethird of Wills' 37th over Oatley cut past third man for a single, and then made another by driving the first of Wilkie's 6th. The first ball of Wills' 38th over took Oatley's stumps at 3.47. His stay at the wickets had been just seven minutes, and he scored 2 singles. Telegram, 10,2,122. Oliver car ried out his bat. This terminated the first innings of the New South Wales men. with 107 runs got off the bat, and 15 sundries. The most noticeable features of the game, so far, have been the very fine play of Gregory ; the ? admirable bowling of Wills— which, by-the-way, to a spectator looks monstrously like a throw, but which I suppose is 'all right' as no exception was taken to it ; the fielding of Kelly at point, which could hardly he better ; the wicket-keeping of O'Mullane, and the long-stopping of Phillips. Fiest Innings — Victorians. No time was lost in getting to work again, play being resumed at 4.17. Hewitt took the wicket, Lawrence (the captain) point ; Oatley, long-stop ; Oliver and Gregory, leg and cover ; Curtis, short leg; Cafiyn, mid- off; Jones, third man; and Kellick and Thompson, in the slips; Cosstick bowling from the northern end to Turner, who hit the 1st ball to leg through the fence for 4, Oliver did his best to prevent the hall going, and partially stopped it with his foot, but it glanced off. The last Turner again hit to leg for 2, and was nearly had by Curtis. Thompson, from the south end, bowled to Gibton, who got one for a poke under his leg from his 4th. Gibson made a fine cut off the first of Coatick's 2nd over for 4 through the fence, Oliver having failed to secure it. The first of Thompson's 2nd over, Turner cut past point for 1 ; at the third ball 4 byes were run, and the last hall Gibson cut among the slips, and a very shaip run was got. Hewitt missed the stumps, so no harm was done, but it was much 'too sharp. Sam's third was a maiden. The second of Navs 3rd over, Turner hit into the slips for a single and the third, Gibson put away neatly to short-leg for another. The third of Sam's 4th over, Gibson again poked to leg for 2. Thompson's 4th, 6th, and 6th were maidens, but a bye was got off the first of his 4th. The last of Coss tick's 6th, Turner played past point for a single. The first of Sam's 6th Gibson played to mid-off ; Caffyn let it go past him and 2 were scored ; the second Gibson hit to leg for 2, and the fourth he cut past point tor a single. Turner hit the second of Sam's 6th a skier to square- leg ; no one was near enough to take the chance, and 2 runs were made ; the last he hit for 1 past point. Lawrence now went on with his slows ; but, strange to say, with the sun before him, of course, this deprived him of some of the advantage he anticipated, his first was a maiden over. The second of Sam's 7th Gibson played past third man for a single. The last ball of the over was fatal to Turner, who was caught by Gregory at 4.48. He was thirty-one minutes at the wicket and scored 12, by one 4, two 2's, and 4 singles. Telegram, 1, 12, 34. Turner's place was filled by Conway. Gibson drove Lawrence's third for a single, which Conway imitated the next ball. The last of Sam's 8th Conway hit up to mid-on. The ball fell into Curtis's hands, but fell out again ! and inBtead of losing his wicket Conway gained a run. Conway got one for a poke to leg-off the first of Lawrence's 3ffd, and Gibson hit his Becond forward for another. The second of Sam's 9 th Gibson found too good for him ; he was bowled at 4.55, having kept up his wickets for thirty-eight minutes, during which he scored one 4, three z's, and seven singles, by steady careful' play. Telegram, 2, 17, 39. Kelly suceeeded, and a fine disply of batting was now looked for. The first ball— Sam's 3rd — he Mt up to square leg, but no one was there, and he scored 2\. The first ball of Lawrence's 4 th, Conway went out to, and missed ; finding the ball had passed him, he made no effort to get back, but on turning round he discovered that he was not the only one who had missed the bo '1, and making a rush, he succeeded in regaining his ground before Hewitt had time to repair his blunder. Two lives to Conway ! But some men have some one else's luck as well as their own ! Lawrence's third Conway Mt to leg for two. The first of Sam's 10th Kelly played prettily forward for 2, but this was all the 'Little Wonder' had an oppor tunity of doing, for, playing the next ball forward, Costiek took it and managed to catch it a second time after it had been struck out of his hand by Conway running against him. It was now 6 o'clock. Kelly was in only five minutes for his 4, made up- of two doubles. Fowler became Conway's rfc-a- ow, and took the remainder of the over. The first of Lawrence's 5th over, a leg -bye was run ; his third. Fowler played into the slips for 1. The first and third. of Sam's 11th played to mid-off for one each ; the second Con way played to Caffyn, who again let it go past, mid scored a single. The first and third of Lawrence's sixth Fowler played quietly to square leg, and made one run for each hit, -while his second and fourth were played by Conway, .each for one — the former a straight drive, the latter, an easy square leg Mt. The first of Sam's 12th over Conway sent to square leg for 2 ; the second he cut. to cover point for a single ; off the fourth a leg bye. was run. From the first of Lawrence's seventh 2 -byes were made; Fowler got 1 for a straight drive off his second; Conway played the third for 1, and a leg bye was got ofl' the last. The second of Sam's 13th over Fowler hit to square leg for 2, end drove the third .on for 1, another Bharp 1 being added for an overthrow. Con way drove the first of Lawrence's 8th for 1,. well picked up by Gregory ; Fowler also made I. in the same place, the hall being again capitally .fielded by Gregory. The first of CosBtick's 14th over Fowler played to mid-off. Cafiyn, who seemed: all abroad again, let it go by, and a run was easily made. The second Conway hit up to mid-on ; but his star was in the ascendant, and Curtis wanted to see whether he could bat as well as bowl, and generously again spared his life, in reward for which he made a leg Mt under the pavilion for 4 off the next ball. As- Lawrence found his slows did not pay, he put Thompson on again. The first hall of this over, which was the 7th, Fowler got one away for a single to leg ; the second of Sam's 15th Fowler skied to mid- on, but no one was there, and a single was the result; the third Conway drew for 3, and the fourth Fowler drove for 2. Thompson's 8th was a maiden. Caffyn now took Cosstick's place to see if he could not dissolve the partnersMp. Off the last ball of his 1st over Fowler made 2 |by nice little wrist play to leg. Conway drew Thompson's 1st for 1 ; the first of Caffyn's 2nd over, Conway drew for 2 ;.his second he cut for 1 ; his third, Fowler poked to. leg for 1 1 Fowler quietly poked Thompson's second, to leg for a double, and played his lest towards long on for a \- single. The first of Caffyn's 3rd Fowler poked away . to leg for a single ; and Conway followed suit with, the third. Nat's 11th oyer was a maiden. Fowler made a fine drive off the second of Caffyn's 4th, beautifully fielded by Gregory, and only. 1 was made. Conway hit the third, to leg, wMch Curtis partly stopped, and ran 2 ; a leg-bye was ran.offthe third of Thompson's 12th ; the fourth Conway. Mt to square leg through the fence for. 4 ; Fowler, hit the third of Caffyn's 5th to long off for 3 ; and Conway the fourth to leg for 4. Runs were being made much too fast, and Hewitt was put on with Ms slows ; but Fowler hit his first round to leg and ran 4 ; his third he drove, but the hall was again admirably taken by Gregory, and Fowler only scored 1. The third of Sam's 16th over Fowler Mt hard to leg, the ball striking the fence of the bowling-green, and scored 4, which he supplemented with 1 for a forward drive off the laBt. Fowler slipped the third of Hewitt's 2nd for a single, but at the first ball of Sam's 17th over this fine player was caught by the bowler, He was in fifty-five minutes, and made 37 runs by a capital display of batting, in which were 2 fours, 1 three, 5 twos, and 16 singles. It wanted but five minutes to 6 — the hour fixed for drawing the stumps — when Greaves made his appear ance, and commenced with a poke to leg for two off the third ball, and for a single off the last. He then made a single off the third of Hewitt's third over, by a poke to nnd-on ; and another for a similar poke, the first of Cosstick's 18th over. The third ball Conway placed in Gregory's hands, close to the wicket on the on side, just as the hour-hand pointed to 6 o'clock. He was not dismissed for an hour and twelve minutes, during wMch he succeeded in running up a score of 33, in wMch were 3 fours, 4 twos, and 13 singles, but he gave three unmistakeable chances, and played with a most unusual amount of good luck. Telegraph, 5.33, 121 — being only one behind the total of the first innings of the New South Wales eleven with the loss of only five wickets. The result of the first day's play surprised us all. None of us were prepared for seeing your cracks all out for twenty-one runs ; stiU less did we anticioate such indifferent fielding — Caffyn and Curtis fielded miserably, and though Gregory showed himself as admirable in the field as he was at the wicket, and Jones also did well, yet the hulk of the play was much below what was expected. Second Day. — Victorian Eleven, This was a very different day from the two previous ones — very sultry, and with the wind from the north — and sorely tried the endurance of players and spec tators alike. The attendance of the latter was much less than on the first day, notwithstanding the reduc tion of the entrance charge, and the greatly increased excitement consequent on the unexpectedly good stand made by the Victorians against their opponents. Still there was a fair show of lookers-on, thoush crinolines were decidedly far less proportionahly numerous than ' unmentionables.' The punctuality was pretty fair, though not quite so ' thrilling ' as on the first day, when the two first balls were delivered while the scorers, assisted by your correspondent, were occupied in adjusting their table in the scoring tent. At 12.15, play was resumed, Sam delivering the last ball of Ms over to Phillips, at the wicket vacated on the previous evening by Conway. Thompson bowled his 13 th aud 14th overs, maidens, to Greaves. Cosstick his 19th, a maiden, to Fhillips, who put the last ball of Sam's 20th neatly under Ms leg for 2. Greaves hit the first of Thompson's 15th to mid-off for a double, and poked the third to the on-forward for a single ; he then played the first of Sam's 21st to mid-on for 1, and then lost his companion — Sam's third having hit Phillips on the glove and bounded off into Lawrence's hands, at 12.22. He was expected to make a stahd, being reputed, and correctly so, a sticker, but he wanted a slice of Conway's luck. He was only in seven minutes, during which he troubled the scorers but once with a double. Telegraph, 6, 2, 127. His place was occupied by Rees, who took the remainder of the over. The last of Thompson's 16th over Greaves drove hard over the bowler's head. Thompson made an excellent attempt to reach it, and partly succeeded, but could not hold it, and a single was scored. Greaves drove the first of Sam's 22nd forward for 3 ; Rees got a snick off his second, wMch just missed Thompszn, or which Thompson juBt missed, and scored a single ; his third Greaves got past cover-point for another. The last of Thompson's 17th over was Mt to square-leg by Greaves for 2. The first ball of Sam's 23rd over was exceed ingly well stopped by Oatley, but at the second a bye was run. Another bye was run at the first of Thomp son's 16th. The third ball Greeves Mt forward, and started to run. Rees, who had not followed up as he ought, nor run when called on as he ought, stood stiU, till Greaves, who had continued running, called out, indignantly, 'When I tell you to go— go ; I can see better than you ; ' when he at last started, but a run was lost. ' Greaves made 2 by a poke to mid-on off the first of Sam's 24th. Gregory now took up the bowling in Thompson's place. Like Turner he bowled all four balls well to leg. Rees, however, failed to get hold of one, rather an unusual tMng for Rees, aud accordingly Gregory got the credit of a maiden over. The first of Sam s 25th Greaves put to leg for 1. The second of Gregory* 2nd over Gresve's hit hard to leg. Caffyn was in the way, but found it too hot and let it pass — but only one was got. The third of Costick's 26th Greaves played right into Oliver's hands at mid off ; but the ball had a greater affinity for the turf at his feet than for his hands — in plain English he missed the catch which could not very well have- been an easier one. The last of the over Greaves drew for a single The first of Gregory's 3rd over Greeves drew for 1, Cafiyn having bungled it. Greeves played the first of Cosstick's 27th to leg for a single. Rees did the eame with the third well taken by Kellick. At this period of the game, the sun being very hot,- and the wind dry and dusty, the players «em. con. voted an adjournment 'to liquor.' On their return Law rence took Gregory's place ; the third hall of his 8th over was well cut behind the wicket by Rees for a single, and the fourth was drawn by Greeves for another. At the second of Sam's 28th over, Greeves gave Thompson a chance at mid on, wMch he accepted at sight, at 12.65, lie was forty-five minutes at the wickets, and his score of 26 numbered 1 three, four doubles, and 14 singles. Telegraph : 7, 25, 148-.- The next man to put in an appearance was 'Wilkie, who hit the 3rd of the over to leg-for 3 ; the last ReeB drew for a single. At the 1st of Law rence's 9th over Oatley, in returning a ball wMch had struck Rees on the pad, let it slip from his fingers behind Mm, and a leg-bye was run; the 2nd ball took Dan's stumps exactly at 1 o'clock. lie was in for five minutes only, and his score of 3 was made at one Int. Telegraph: 8, 3, 153. 'Wills, who was heartily cheered as he came-011 to the ground, now faced Rees, and immediately com menced his lively little ' hankcy-pankey ' tricks ; he succeeded in teasing the field into an overthrow the last ball of the ever. The third of Sam's 29th, Tommy drew for a single, and the third of Lawrence's 10th he hit for 3, Kellick, by some very smart fielding, hiving stopped the ball from reaching the fence. Sam bowled liis 30th over a maiden to- Wills. The last of Lawrence's 1 1th Rees cut among the slips for a single. The first of CosBtick's 31st Reas drew for 1 ; the second Wills played past point for another ; the fourth Rees hit hard to leg, but the ball was well taken by Kellick, and one more only was added to the score. The first of Lawrence's 12th Rees cut past cover point, and the hall having Mt thc-M. C. C. pavilion enclosure, 4 were placed to his credit ; the last of the over was played to short leg by Sees, and a run was well and judiciously made. The last of Sam's 32nd Rees cut to cover for a single. The second of Lawrence's 13th was cut by Bees, and Wills running with admirable judgment' secured a double : the last Rees drew for a single. Once again ' more drinks ' was the order of the day, ,,and on the return of the players Rees drew the second of Sam's . 33rd for a double ; the fourth was a bumpy ball, and Rees discreetly drew his bat back. ' Well let alone, : Rees.' Thompson relieved Lawrence,: and Wills poked the second of his 19th to mid-on, for a single. The first of Sam's 34th Tommy played: close to the wicket, towards the umpire, and Rees- stole a run capitally; from the third Rees scored 2 by a leg hit. The first of Thompson's 20th 07er was a wide ; the next Wills Mt in the slips for a single ; the last Rees cut sharply, but it was capitally token and re turned by Gregory, and but 1 was scared. Lawrence now went on with his slows at Cosstick's end. Rees hit the first ball of his 14th over to leg for 2, and drove the third for a Bingle. The second of Thompson's 21sl over was Mt by Rees te square leg for 1 the third was Mt by Wills through the Blips, but being admirably stopped close to the fence by Gregory, he only scored 2 ; the last of the over Tommy drew for pnother couple. The first of Lawrence's 15th Rees drove for a single. The second 'Wills played and eried ' come on, come on ; ' but Reesis ' no I won't ' was a settler, and Wills wisely stayed- where he was. The third was again Mt hard among the slips, and once more the ball was excellently fielded by Gregery, and only a single was run ; the last-pf the over Rees played to mid- off for a single. Bees hit the second of 'Thompson's 22nd, ' a skier,' to long leg, but as no. one was there, it fell- again harmlessly to earth, and 2 were scared.; the fourth Rees hit gently up towards, square leg and started to run — a warning call from Wills, ' no, no ! stop ! go back ! ' just, enabled him. to save his wicket. The first of Lawrence's 16th, Wills hit to Square leg ; he didn't quite get bold of it, and only, got a single. Thethird ball — a nearly, straight driva by Rees — was again beautifully picked up and re lumed by Gregory when close to the fence, and-, a, single was run ; the last Wills playtji to long-on for a single. Thompson's 23rd was a. maiden over, to Wills, but a bye, well run. by Rees, was . got off the first' ball. The third of. Law? rence's 17th Wills hit past cover through the fence for 4 ; the next ball he hit to leg for 3. The first of Thompson's 24th Wills out to cover point ; it was well taken by Jones and a single was. run. A change was thought desirable, and Caffyn went on hgain at Lawrence's end. His. first of the. 6th. over Wills hit forward for 3. ' Ltrinks'' again, and .then, like a giant refreshed with elaret negus, Wills set to work again ;. the first of Thompson's 25th over he cut to cover for a double, well stopped by Jones.; the second he Mt to leg for another double ; a bye was run off the last of the over. The first of Caffyn's 7th was Mt to leg by Wills for 1, well taken again by Jones ; the remainder of the over was. bowled to Rees, when the dinner bell sounded, and all hands, turned in to the tent behind the g^and stand, where drinking and eating — mind you put it that way — for that's the right way — went on for three-quarters of an hour, as fast as the iced drinks were poured in through the mouth, so fast they poured, out again — without the ice though— through the pores of the tkin; everything was hot — knives, forks, spoons, plateB, saltcellars, cruets and their contents ; and your correspendent did not stop to hear if any compli mentary speeches were made, as he preferred the diminished heat out of the tent in the sun, to the in creased heat in the tent out of the sun ; but I rather think I regained some fresh air and lost nothing ; for I did not hear that any speeches were made. At 2.55 play recommenced, Thompson bowling his 26th over, the first hall of wMch Wills cut to point ; it struck Lawrence on his leg, and bounded off, enabling Wills torunasingle ; the second Rees sent in the same direction — without the casualty — and also scored a single. The third of Caffyn's 8th was turned from its course by the wicket-keener, and a bye was ran ; the la6t Wills slipped for 1. The last of Thompson's 27th Wills drew for one. The third baH of Caffyn's 9th was played by Wills, and a dangerous run was made ; rather an unwonted oecur rcnccfor Tommy, whose judgment is seldom at fault ; the last Rees Mt to leg, and Jones let it pass through the fence, so that 4 were scored. Thompson not having succeeded in dismissing either of the bats, CoEstick was put on in his place once more ; the second ball of this— his 35th over — Wills played past point, and a very smart run was got. CafiVn's tenth over was amaiden to Wills. The first of Sam's 36th was cut by Rees to cover for a single. Caffyn's eleventh was a maiden over to Rees. Sam's thirty-seventh over and Caffyn's twelfth, bowled to Wills and Rees respectively, were maidens ; but off the last ball of (be former 2 byes were got, and of the first of the latter a leg-bye was capitally stolen by Wills. Rees played the first of Cosstick's 38th between point and slip, and Wills the Becond to mid-on, each for a single. -Off the second of Caffyn's 13th over Wills gave a chance to CosBtick ; Sam found it too hot and could not keep hold. This was a maiden over. The third ball of Cosstick's. 39th over Rees hit up behind the wicket, and it fell into Caffyn's hands at 3.20. He remained two hours at the wickets, during wMch he made the fine score of 37— just the number Fowler had made— con- sisting of 2 fours, 5 twos, and 19 singles. Telegraph, 9, 37,231. The next, and last, man was O'Mullane. He commenced with a hit to mid-on for a single. The first of Caffyn's 14th over, O'Mul lane hit te leg, and made 4 runs ; the 3rd he Mt to square leg through the fence for 4 more, and the last he sent to long-off, where Gregory, by his capital fielding, saved it from going through the fence, and 3 were scored. 11 runs off 4 balls from the 'Surrey crack ! ' Not a bad commencement for one about the propriety of whose selection, much discussion had arisen. The third of Sam's 40th over, O'Mullane slipped for a single. The first of Caffyn's 15th he Mt to cover for another. The next Wills cut past cover into the scorers' tent for 4. O'Mullane drew the first of Barn's 46th over for 1 ; his 3rd Wills Mt to leg for another, and a third single was scored for a leg-bye off the last ball. It was manifest that the bats could do pretty much as they liked with Caffyn, so Lawrence here put on Thompson again, but with no great effect, for the second of his 23rd over he slipped for a couple, and the third he hit forward for a single. The first of Cosstick's 42nd over wob cut by O'Mullane to cover for a single ; the second past cover, through the fence, by Wills for 4 ; and the third was drawn by Wills, and went through the fence for another 4. O'Mullane played the third of Thompson's 24th towards long-on for a single. The first of Cosstick's 43rd over was finely hit to leg by O'Mullane, but being splendidly fielded by Gregory, only a Bingle was scored ; the third, Wills hit to leg for a double. The scoring was much too fast, and as Thompson was not successful, Lawrence thought he'd try his slows once more. The third of Ms 18th O'Mullane Mt to leg for a double, Cosstick's 44th was a maiden to WillB. The first of Lawrence's 19th O'Mullane played to long-on for a singlepantl the last of Cosstick's 45th ho drew fi-r another. At the second of Lawrence's 20th, O'Mullane stepped- in 'and made the hit of the day ; the ball struck the ground less -than eight feet from the chain fence, within twenty yards of the scorer's tent ; three yards further, and he would have scored 5; as it was, another- 4 was put to his credit; the next he drove for a single. ? The third of Sam's 46tli he played to mid- off for a single ; and the second of Lawrence's 21st he sent to square-leg for another single, giving WillB a chance at last, which he was not long in taking advantage of, as he hit the fourth to Oliver at long-on,- who let it pass hira for a double. The second of Cosstick's -47th over O'MuUane played easily to mid-on for n single; the tMrd, Wills slipped for another ; he drove tlie fourth of Lawrence's 22nd for one more, and got a tMrd single off the first of Cosstick's 48th by a draw; — but this was the final effort, for at (he third ball of Lawrence's 23rd over the captain was given out leg-before- wicket at 4.10. He maintained his place at the -wickets despite all efforts to dislodge him for two hours and a quarter, and made 58 runs, the highest score of the day, consisting of 4 fouis, 3 threes, 6 'doubles, and 21 singles. This ended the first innings of the Victorians, O'Mullane carrying out his bat after playing an excellent innings of 33 — the same number as tlie runs made by Conway — got in fifty minutes, in which were 3 fouis, 1 three, 2 twos, and 14 singles. Telegraph 10, 58, 285, leaving the New South Wales men the large number of 163 runs to make in their second innings to tie their opponents. ' Will they get them J' Enthu siastic sportsmen were willing to take small odds that they would be beaten in one innings ; and no one seemed to think the final result a matter of un certainty. The features of this innings most worth special allusion were the batting of Fowler, Greeves, O Mul lane, Rees, and - Wills; and the superb fielding of Gregory, which could hardly be excelled, and called forth the repeated acclamatioiis of the spectators. Second Innings Nnw South Wales. After the lapse of forty-seven minutes, the Vie- - torians took the field, .Kellick and Lawrence carrying . in their bats. Conway commenced the how-ling at. the northern end, Wilkie going on with his - slows with - his back to the sun. Conway's . first over was. a maiden to Kellick, but off tire first ball a bye was run.. The fourth of Wilkie's 1st was played for a Bingle by Kellick to mid-on. The second of Conway's 2nd Kellick cut just out of Kelly's reach at point for a single ; the second of Wilkie's 2nd he drove for another ;, the third Lawrence cut past cover for 3 ;- and the. last Kellick Mt to the off for, a single. The second of Conway's 3rd Kellick made a - flukey hit in the slips for one ; the next Lawrence .cut behind the wicket, well stopped by Gibson for another, Lawrencemade a leg-hit off the second of Wilkia's 3rd for a double, and. drove the last for a single. Con way's 4th was a maiden to Lawrence. The second of. 'Wilkie's 4th Kellick offered to Wills, but he would, have nothing to say to it, and a single was run. , Con way's 5th was a. maiden to Kellick. The two next: halls of Wilkie's 5th were slipped by Lawrence — the- first for a double, the last for a single. He als.o diew. the second of Lawrence's 6th for a couple, and got four more off the last for a snick to leg. Greeves was now put on in Wilkie's place and bowled a maiden to Kellick, Lawrence played the second of Conway's 7th under Ms leg for a single ; Kellick made, a hit to long off for three off his 3rd. The last visa -well out among the slips by Lawrence, but Wilkie by Ms sharp fielding prevented a run. The second. of Greeves! s 2nd Kellick drew for one* the last Lawrence drove to the on for a double ; the last of Copway's 8th Kellick drew for one, Groeves's 3rd was, a maiden bowled to Kellick, Conway's 9th was the same, to Lawrence. Kellick slipped the first .of Greeves' s 4th for a single ; Lawrence Mt the third past point for another ; and Kellick drew the last for a double. Lawrence cut, the second of Conway's 10th among the slips for 1, which, Kellick repeated at the next ball. Jack doesn't like- liberties to be, taken with his balls, and his next was a wide. Wills thought it about time to get a-.wicket: and took the. ball from Greeves. He bowled. Kellick a maiden. Lawrence having been hurt by a, blew from one of Conway's, Nat. Thompson was allowed to run for \- him. The first of Conway's lltlr Lawrence played to. mid en for a single. The first, of Wills's 2nd he played to short leg, when it was muffed by Greeves, and a single was got. A leg-bye was run off the first ]of Conway's 12th ; the last Kellick hit to long off for 3\. The third of 'Wills's 3rd, he cui to cover for a double, as it was jumbled by .Rees. Turner was put ? cn to bowl at Conway's end,. Lawrence played his first ball to 'Wilkie, who took it and returned it very, smartly, and Hie result was that Lawrence was run out, alter having kept up his wickets by good and steady play for 48 minute's, . during which he ran up a score of 23 runs, in which were one 4, one 3, four doubles, and eight singles. Telegraph, 1,23,46. His place was filled at 5.45 by Jones. — Turner's second Kellick drove to long on for 3. The third was a 'no ball.' The next: two Jones played, the first to leg for 2, the last a snick for ] . At the second ball ? of Wills's fourth over, Jones was, given out l.b.w. He was only six minutes at the wick ets for Ms three runs, got by 1 double aiii.l, single. Telegraph, 2, 3, 53. The vacancy was supplied at 5.51 by Gregoiy, who hit the fourth to mid-offhand Turner having slipped and fallen in bis endeavour.to.pick up the ball, a double was secured. Turner's 2nd over was a maiden, bowled to Kellick; and this termi nated the day's proceedings, it being now 6 o'clock. No one was sorry L think to get his dismissal at last for the day had been almost insufferably hot, and everyone was baked. THE INTERCOLONIAL ; CRICKET MATCH, [Continued from page 7.) Thursday, December 28th. Alout holf-past 6 a.m., the wind, tvhich had con tinued to blow hot from the northward all night, shifted to the south, and a molt agreeable change it was. The day proved as pleasantly cool as the day 'before had been unpleasantly het. The game was resumed at 12.6, Eellick and Gregory again appearing at the wickets to the bowling of wills and Conway. The second of \Yills's 6th over Gregory cut among the slips and ran ; it was muffed by Wilkie ; had it been picked up clean and returned, it must have been ' a case ;' nothing could have saved a wicket ; it was too sharp by half ; as it was, a run was got. The last of the over Kellick gave a chance to O'Mullane which he was far too good a judge to reject. Kellick was in ' an hour and ten minutes, 4nd played a very careful, steady innings ; he made the same number of runs as Lawrence — 23 ; three 3's, two 2's, and ten singles. Telegraph, 3, 23, 66. To him succeeded the re nowned Csffyn, at 12 h. 12 m. Off the fourth of Conway's 13th Gregory scored a single for a leg hit 'Wills's 6th was a maiden to Gregory. Conway's 14th a maiden to Caffyn. The last ball of Wills's 7th over Gregory cut over Kelly's head and ran: in turning sharply round Kelly stumbled, or he would no doubt have caught the ball ; by a little oversight he threw to the bowler instead of the wicket-keeper; but for this Gregory must have lost his wicket ; no run was made, and another maiden was put to the credit of Wills. Conway's 15th to Caffyn was a maiden. Wills's 7th to Gregory wae another ; but off the third ball a leg-bye was run. Conway's 16th to Gregory wbs the third maiden in succession ; but off ?the third of this likewise a leg -bye was got. The first ball of Wills's 8th over Gregory hit up to leg. Rees ran for the catch, but finding he could not reach the hall he stopped short ; but be was a little too close, and, after striking the ground it bounded over his lead and went through the fo.ee, for 4 ; the next ball was a leg-bye. Conway's 17th was a maiden to Gregory. Caffyn drew the last of Wills's 3th for a single. At the first ball of his 18th over Conway gave the ' Surrey crack' an opportunity of making one of his old brilliant cuts past cover; the ball went through the fence for 4 ; the third ball he touched, and in an instant O'Mullane's eager voice was heard, ' How was that ? ' 'Out,' was Driver's reply; up went the ball, and down went the hopes of those who had betted against the Vic torians winning in one innings. It was now just half past 12. Caffyn hud been in just eighteen minutes, and had only contrived to score a 4 and a single. Telegraph, 4, 5, 60. ? Hewitt took the last ball, and cut it very neatly past point for a single receiving Wills's 10th over, the last of which he drew for a couple. A leg-bye Tun off' the first of Conway's 19th brought Hewitt epposite to the howler, who sent him a trimmer, which dismissed him six minutes after he had made his appearance, just touching the top of the wickets. His score of 3 was made up of one double and one single. Telegraph, 5, 3, 73. The next to appear in the lists was Nat. Thompson, at 12.35, who made rather a plucky -draw for a double off the last ball of the over. The first of Wills' 11th Gregory bit to mid-off ; Fowler, by smart fielding, prevented, more than a single being made. The second of Conway's 20th Gregory sent in the same direction ; and Fowler again fielded the ball well, and only one was scored. The last ball of the over struck Nat on the pad and glanced into the wicket. A life of seven minutes was all that had been allowed him, and in that time he had only contrived to mark a double. It was now forty two minutes after 12, and the telegraph showed «, 2, 77. Sam Cosstick now became Gregory's r is a tis. ?Gregory scored 1 for a leg hit off the fourth of Wills* 12th over. Conway bowled his 21st over a maiden to Sam, but at the last ball a leg-bye was got, Phillips bv a piece of capital fielding saving any more runs. ?Cosstick played the first of Wills' 13 th to short leg for 2 ; Gregory cut the third of Conway's 22nd among the slips for a single ; Wills' 14th to Gregory was a maiden ; a leg-bye was, however, run off the second ball. The second of Conway's 23rd was hit by Gre gory to long-leg ; Turner's good fielding prevented more than a double being run ; the third Gregory played to mid-off for a single ; and tbe last Sam cut to square leg for a couple. Wills' 15th over was a maiden to Gregory, on the third and fourth of Con- i way's 24th Cosstick scored — the first a double for a ' bit* to long-off; the last four for a nearly straight drive — all run. Wills' sixteenth, delivered over the wicket to Gregory, was a maiden. Conway's twenty fifth to Sam was also a maiden, as was Wills' seven teenth ; but a leg-bye was scored off the third baU of the former. Cosstick hit the first of Conway's twenty-sixth to long-on for 3, and Gregory cut the next well past cover for 2 ; but the last ball he played -a little too much under, and Kelly was close at hand to receive it, I needn't say more. Gregory, who had retained his place at the wickets spite of all efforts to dislodge him, for an hour and sixteen minutes, had 18 runs to his credit, comprising 1 four, 4 twos and 6 singles. Telegraph, 7, 18, 102. The next man was Curtis, at 1.12. The fourth of Tommy's 18th Sam Cosstick cut to cover for one, and received from Conway his 27th over — a maiden ; a leg-bye being run, -off the last ball, gave him the bowling again and Wills treated hun to another maiden over. The first ball of Conway's 28th over was a shooter, and, as it went a trifle faster than ' greased light ning,' Curtis had the mortificatien of hearing the rattle behind him, which announced his defeat in ?eight minutes, without having given tbe scorers any thing to do. He was the only player in either innings who earned the duck's egg. At twenty minutes past 1 Curtis retired — the telegraph showing 8.0. 104 — in favour of Oliver, who on the return of the field who had been to ' licker up,' commenced operations by hitting Con way's 6econd te mid-off for 2, following up with a -square leg hit for 3 off the last. Wills bowled him his 20th over, a maiden ; Sam drew the first of Con way's 29th for a single, and Oliver touched the third, which went to the leg for another. As there ?were now but two more wickets to fall, it was considered desirable to retire to lunch half-an-hour before the appointed time And to protract the sitting until 3 o'clock, when Wills ?commenced with a maiden for his 21st over. Cos stick got the first of Conway's 30th away to leg for 2\. The last of Wills' 22nd hit Oliver on the glove and went to leg for a single. The second of Conway's 31st Oliver slipped ; the ball went through the fence, and under the grand-stand, and 4 were Bcored. 'Wills bowled Sam a maiden — his 23rd over. Oliver made a fine cut to cover off the second of Conway's 32nd, but being capitally taken by Bee6, a single only was added to the score. Oliver received Wills's 24th ?over — a maiden ; Sam slipped the first of Conway's 33rd for a single, and Oliver hit the second to leg for a double. Cosstick got Wills' 2oth and Oliver Con way's 34th — both maidens. The first of Wills' 26tli Sam drew, but Phillips stopped it admirably, so but ?one was made ; the fourth Oliver played to short-leg for another single. This brought him opposite Con way, and off the first ball ot his 35th over he got a snick which went under the grand etand for 4. Sam drew the fourth of Wills's 27th for 1. Turner was here put on at Conway's end, bowling to Cosstick. His third ball he cut very prettily to cover-point ; Bees dashed at it, took, and returned it to O'Mul lane, in a atyle that could not be surpassed, and O'Mullane, on bis part, received the ball and put down the wicket in a manner that Lockyer himself must have applauded. It was as fine cricket all 1 round as has been witnessed in the colony, and the only mistake made was in trying fox a second run with such men in the field. Sam did his utmost to get back, and, according to his own account, succeeded ; but the umpire thought otherwise, and he had to retire at 3.23 with a well-earned 21 to his name, got in an hour and eleven minutes, made up of 1 four, 1 three, 4 twos, and 6 singles. Telegraph 9, 21, 130. Oatley, the last man, now joined partnership with Oliver, who took Wills' 28th over. The third ball he hit to mid-off, and Fowler, in taking the ball, having slipped and fallen, a single was run. Oliver cut the first of Turner's 2nd to cover for a double. Wills' 29th, 30th, 31st, and 32nd were all maidens to Oatley, and Turner's 3rd a maiden to Oliver. Off the last of Turner's 4th Oliver got a snick to leg for a double, and off the second of his 5th an on hit through the fen'ce for 4. The first of Turner's 6th Oliver cut past point for 1, and the 2nd Oatley played to leg for another. At 3.45 the Governor arrived. This is no place for politics, hut the almost universal silence which accompanied his presenting himself before the 3000 spectators may he regarded as some test of his popularity. On all former occasions the Governors for the time being have been present during the greater part of each day of the various matches, nnd nave been applauded to the echo.a Sir Charles Darling came in time to see the. ? last eight balls bowled ; to near a feeble and abortive attempt of some two 6core individuals in all parts of the ring to get up a loyal demonstration, and to hear a stentorian voice shout, in one corner of the field, 'That's Collingwood,' in allusion to some applause, and in another corner 'turn him out,' from some ' ne'er do well.' Oatley drew the first of Tommy Wills', 33rd for a single ; and Conway resumed the bowling at his old end. The second of his 36th ever Oatley played to short leg. The last ball Oliver hit up to mid-off; Fowler rushed at it and made' a very fine catch, thus disposing of the last wicket, and pocketing the ball, at 3.44. Oliver was fifty-four minutes at the wickets, during the whole of which time he batted extremely well, the bowling against him being as good as any during the match. He has apparently been taking lessons from Hewitt, in the style of whose batting he much resembles liim. Ilis score — the highest made in this innings — amounted to 29 — in which were 3 fours, 1 three, 4 twoB, and 6 singles. Telegraph, 10, 29, 143; leaving the Victorians victors in one innings, with 20 runs to spare. The anticipations of New South Wales have not been realised. The dismal vaticinations of a portion of tbe Victorian community liave been falsified. What ever may have been the hopes or the fears of one side or the other however, assuredly not one amoug them ever imagined so unqualified a success as has been achieved; not one among them ever ventured to indulge a dream that Victoria would triumph in one innings. Now that the end has come and people have leisure to lock back calmly, and analyse the circumstances which led to the high opinion that New South Wales had of its own players, and to the low comparative estimate held by them and some of ourselves respecting ours, it is not easy to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the cause. It is I believe vliiefiy attributable to tbe acknowledged repute of Caffyn, Cosstick, Hewitt, Lawrence, and Thompssn ; at tlicec Goliaths it was supposed we had no Davids to sling a few stones, — your players have always been justly acknowledged excellent in the field. If in former years they have been a little behind in bowling, the new levies might be looked upon as Al. Caffyn'6 hatting was deemed a host in itself ; and it w-as hard if New South Wales had not profited as much by the advice and tuition of the All-England Eleven men, and by their practice off Sam Cosstick, as we had unmistakably done. So much for the pros, now for the cons. Tommy WillB and Jack Conway had resolved to w in the match if bowling could win it. Day after day they were at the wicket bowling at and batting to one another. The former exerted himself to the utmost in making his team practise as they were to play ; and to get such bowling as his and Conway's, with an occasional variation, just by way of relieving the monotony of the thing, in the shape of a few slows from Dan Wilkie, with such batting as that of Kelly, Fow ler, GibEon, Phillips, Rees, O Mullane, ani the bowlers, was to get practice of the right sort. And here I believe I recognise the first seeds of your failure. Strips 15 yards wide measured off and meted out to half a dozen clubs, with a professional bow ling at each strip to young gentlemen hour after hour, may be all very well as a means to an end ; but that end is not a victory over Buch men as we brought into the field. 1 heard more than one old cricketer, 1 may say en passant, who knows the play of all our chief clubs, offer odds ' that he would name another eleven,' without including any of the present team, who would play your men. 'With the bowling of Caffyn we were familiar, and no one feared him. Sum was regarded as more dan gerous than ' any other man ; ' but many of our men had been used to him, and all had played to Conway and Wills ; and who was Sam that they should tremble before him : Nat waB straight, but ?what did they care about mere straight balls r He didn't get his arm up enough to be dangerous. When it came to the trial it was discovered that none of the bowlers upon whom New South Wales had relied were very formidable. No manifest im provement was observable. The reason, 1 opine, is obvious — they have had no formidable bats to bowl against. Before fire is eliminated, Eteel requires to be suuck with flint. Again, the batting was far below anticipation. How could it be otherwise r Continued bowling will never make a player handle the willow successfully ; nor can the best bat keep up his play without every day practice off the best bowling. The same may be said of fielding. Neither bowling nGr baiting will fit a man for distinguishing himself in the field. Practice is as necessary here as any where, and I need only point to Caffyn's miserable exhibition of himself, and to the shocking mistakes made by Curtis, Oatley, and Oliver in support of what I advance. Your bowlers must take their turn at the wicket, and at their posts in the field systematically and regularly, if they would maintain their reputation as players. You will observe, from the analysis, that in the first innings none of the ' cracks ' did anything. Caffyn, Cess tick, and Thompson made a couple each, and Charley LawTcnce, 3 ; Hewitt alone getting into double figures with a dozen, and an outsider distanc ing all the teams. Gregory, though he has none of the finish of Caffyn or Hewitt, is a fine, bold, vigor ous player, with a good defence, and can hit hard all round ;' his fielding it would be difficult to praise too highly ; it was a picture, the activity with which he covered the ground, the quickness and neatness with which lie picked up the balls, and the precision with which he returned them into the wicket-keeper's hands. The number of runs saved by him was very considerable, and I really doubt whether there were any display of better fielding than his by any of the All-England eleven. Jones also fielded very well, and saved a number of runs. Lawrence was a fair [joint, and Hewitt tolerably good at the wicket ; but the rest were nowhere. In the second innings Caffyn. Hewitt, and Thompson, the two former of whom were sanguine in the hopes of yet turning the table, only made half-a-score between them : two only of tbe notorieties making any stand — the captain and Sam Cosstick ; the first scoring 25, the last 21 — Kellick, Gregory, and Oliver being the only remaining bats who gave the scorers any particular trouble. Of Gregoiy I have already spoken. Kellick is a cautious, steady, good bat, and a ' decided acquisition to your eleven. Oliver is an ex tremely promising young player ; and with sufficient practice off the bc-st bowling, will be a very formidable bat, but he should not neglect the other requisites of a good cricketer; above all, he should be indefatigable in his fielding if he would take Ids stand in the first ranks. With the ball, your men again greatly disappointed those who looked for the reported improvement in Cosstick and Thompson, as they failed in detecting any difference in either ; and, after Dan 'Wilkie, Lawrence's slows were — well, slow, certainly. It cannot foil to be noticed that, of the ten wickets, eight fell to Sam Cosstick, who, in my opinion, was the only ene that bowled really welL 'Neither can I compliment Charley Lawrence on the judgment he displayed aa captain. In no one instance was his change of bowlers followed by any good result. And now contrast these with the performances of the Victorians, said it must be admitted, I think, that your men were beaten at all points. To commence with the batting : — and, first, your old opponent Wills, gifted with an iron endurance, and despising the effeminate casings of legs and hands, though an in elegant player, and one who seems to find his bat too heavy to lift when he sees s straight ball coming, he, by a 'knack peculiar to himself turns them 6afely to the right hand or to the left, and finds himself suddenly endued with strength enough to uproot the willow when a loose one is delivered. He topped the score with 68, without giving a chance. See then the finished style of Fowler's batting. It was thought that, as lie was a hard hitter, he might perhaps get into double figures ; ' he'll live over a couple or three overs, end make two 4's and a three, and then he'll have to cut.' By brilliant play, without giving -die ghost of a chance until he hit back to Sam the ball which cost him his wicket, he caused thirty-seven to be put on the scoring-paper. Then Bees— about the propriety of whose selection such unpleasant, not to say angry, remarks had been made — totted up the same number. At first, it must be admitted, the impugning of tbe judgment of the match committee in his regard seemed just, as he appeared to be altogether out of form, ana gave a chance — not an easy one, to be sure, but still a chance— to Thomp son his first hit; but he soon gathered himself together, and then made a very fine display of batting. Con-way, it must be conceded, played with a* much luck aB usually frills to the lot of a dozen men. It was, of course, no fault of his — but what shall I say, his misfortune perhaps— that Hewitt did not stump him, when he was a yard out of his ground, and that Curtis missed two easy catches. He played csrefolly and well notwithstanding, and it need hardly be told gave all the Ioobo bolls 'beans.' His score was 33. A like number was also got by O'Mullane ; and here again the judgment of the match committee was verified by the result, for he played a splendid innings without giving a chance. Caffyn wUl long remember tbe Victorian wicketkeeper who took his wicket in both innings, and made 11 runs off one of his overs. Greeves and Gibson, too, played carefully and well for their respective scores of 25 and 17. The former gave one, perhaps two chances — one a difficult one certainly to Lawrence, but which he ought to have had ; the other, too easy a one, to Oliver. The latter did not give a chance. In bowling, our superiority was equally convincing. Conway, though not well ' on ' in the first innings, was 'all there' in the second. The balls which took Lawrence's wicket in the first innings, and dis missed Thompson and Curtis and Hewitt in the second, were as fine as could be bowled. 'Wills, about tbe fairness of whose bowling a very great amount of discussion has taken place, bowled magni ficently in both innings ; 35 maidens out of 71 overs, and only 58 runs made, attest this. I may here say, once for all, in reply to all remarks about bis ' shying, that whatever spectators may think they see, umpires can't see it. The All-England Eleven, moreover, allowed it; and if it be argued that they only allowed it because they found no difficulty about play ing it, I reply, the N'. S. \Y. umpire, Mr. Driver (no bad judge of a sliy), in the single-wicket match which followed, was put on tbe bowler's end for tbe express puipcse cf 'no balling' Tommy; but Tommy was not ' no balled.' After that, let no one talk of Tcnuny 'Wills's ' shying.' Wilkie's slows in the first innings got rid, in two succc- ssive balls, of your best man, who seemed to have taken a lease of the wickets, and of another, who seemed fast becoming dangerous. Of cur fielding all round, with one or two inexplicable exceptions, in the first innings, it would be impossible not to speak in terms of unqualified approbation. Such wkket-l.eiping as O'Mullane's has not been seen in tbe colony, that only excepted which was exhibited by the renowned Lockyer. rbillips's long-stopping equalled that of your old acquaintance Lutterworth in neatness, and it possible, he surpassed him in activity. The number of runs saved by him from Bnicks, draws, and what but for his stopping them would have been leg-byes, was very large ; nor must the scorer's book be taken as a criterion of bis ability, as for most of tlic five byes of the 1st innings the ball had glanced off the wickot-keeper's hands, and so did not come in liis way. Kelly's point was the admiration of all ; lie seemed absolutely ubiquitous, to know by intuition where the ball was coming, and to place himself exactly on the spot where he could intercept it. llees at leg and cover, and Fowler at mid-off, were excellent; and the others — barring the mistakes I have referred to in the first innings — all did their duty. The judgment of our captain was— just like it always is when not in any way shaken — as good as it could be. Tbe usual outcry that 'he never know s when to take himself off,'' was in this match dispensed with for once ; and for the best of reasons— his bowling was so good that nothing could be done with it. The only thing that remains for me to advert to is — the weather. In that particular the Victorians un questionably had the pull of you. The first day, when they took the field, was cool and pleasant ; the next, when it was the turn of New South Wales to field, was one of the hottest ever experienced in the colony, andmade bowling and fieldingfatiguingbeyond expression ; and the plucky way in which your fine fellows bore up against it, and the leather-hunting they had to encounter, was fir6t-rate. As if the sym pathies of the clerk of the weather had been all en gaged on our side, the day following was again cool and agreeable. In conclusion, I would once more draw the atten tion of your cricketers earnestly to the few remarks I have ventured in all good feeling to make, as to tbe imperative necessity of all your team practising, together at all gwinis, long, thoroughly and systematically prior to engaging in another match with tbe plaj-ers of this colony ; and then with Caffyn in his old form, and all your other men well up to the mark — it will take all that our best men know to re tain tlieir laurels. 1 must add, that nothing occurred to mar tbe har mony and pleasant feeling with which the two colonies met,' with the exception, perhaps, of such as had taken tbe odds against its being a one- innings match. I am satisfied that regret was universally felt when Cafiy n loEt bis wicket in the 2nd innings, and a like feeling was expressed at Sam Cosstick's bit of ill-luck in getting run out. The most happy unanimity pre vailed ; a good hit, or a bit of good feeling, no matter on which side, elicited the same applause ; while a catch missed or a ball muffed caused the same dis approbation to be expressed. This was as it should be— not the colony, but the cricketer, received his meed of praise or blame— and long may it so continue. And lastly, I must add that, whatever some of the spectators may have thought and said, the decisions of the umpires were regarded by all who had the best opportunities of judging, entirely fair, honest, and impartial. NEW SOUTH WALES. Fl&ST; IKMNGS. Caffyn, 11, run out ... ... ... ... ... 2 Kellick, 221111111, c. Kelly, b. Wills ? U Thompson, 11, c. Conway, b. Wills ... ... ... 2 Cosstick, 11, b. Wills ... ... ... ... ... 2 Hewitt. 1113141, c. Conway, b. Turner ... ... ... 12 Gregoiy, 411141114222112211134, c Sees, b. Wilkie ? ? 13 Lawrence, 21, b. Conway... ... ... ... ... 3 .'ones, 21122111, c. Wills, b. Conway ... ... ... 11 Curtis, 21312, c. and b. Wilkie ... ... ... ... 13 Oatley, 11, b. Wills ... ... ... ... ... 2 Oliver, 24, not out ... ... ... ... ... G B. 1112, Lb. 11211211 ? 15 Total ? 122 SECOND INNINGS. Ceffvn, 14, c. O'Mullane, b. Conwav ... ... ... 5 Kellick, 111111311121323, c. O'Mullane, b. Wills ? 23 ' Thompson, 2, b. Conway ... ... ... ... ... 2 Costick, 222431121111, run out ... ... ... ... 21 Hewitt, 12, b. Conway ... ... ... ... ... 3 Gregory, 21141121212, c. Kelly, b. Conway... ... ... 18 Lawrence, 31212124121111, run out ... ... ... 23 ?7or.es, 21, l.b.w., b. Willa ... ... ... ... 3 Curtis, b. Conway ... ... ... ... ... 0 Galley, 111, not out ... ... ... ... ... 3 Oliver. 23114121412241, b. Conway ? 20 1). l,l.b. 10, w. l.n.b.1 ? 13 Total ? 143 Total Gist innings ... ... ... ...122 Grand total ... ... ... ... ... 2G5 BOWLING ANALYSIS. 8ECONU INNINGS. Balls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets. Wide. No balls. Conway ... 120 47 11 2 0 0 Willa ... 149 S3 17 4 0 0 Turner ... 20 7 3 1 0 0 Grcevcs ... S 8 0 0 0 0 Wilkie ... 24 12 2 2 0 0 rlBST INNINGS. Conwav ... 144 08 12 C 1 0 Wills ... 130 25 18 2 0 0 ; Turner ... 32 17 2 0 0 1 Greeves ... 36 7 2 0 0 0 - Wilkie ... 20 IS 0 0 0 0 VICTORIANS. Gibson, 14112221131, b. Cosstick ... ... ... ... 17 Turner, 421112ft e. Gregory, b. Cosstick ... ... ... 12 Conway, 11121112111411211244, c. Gregory, b. Cosstick ... 33 Kelly, 22, e. and b. Cosstiok ... ... ... ... 4 Fowler, 111111221112212111341411, c. and b. Cosstick ... 37 Greaves, 2111211131212111111, c. Thompson, b. Cosstick ... 25 Fhillips, 2, e. Lawrence, b. Cosstick ... ... ... 2 Bees, 11111114112122121111211411, c. Caffyn, b. Cosstick ... 37 Wilkie, 3, b. Lawrence ... ... ... ... ... 3 Willa, 113111122111431S22111 11114X44221 11, l.b.w., b. Law rence ... ... ... ... ... ... 58 O-Mulhme, 14431112111121141111, not out ? 33 B. 14, 1. b. 9, w. 1 ? 24 285 BOWLINO ANALYSIS. Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets. Widee. Cosstick ... 200 109 0 8 0 Thompson ... 120 43 8 0 1 Lawrence ... 95 67 2.2 0 Hewitt ... 12 7 0 0 0 Caffyn ... CO 44 4 0 0 Gregory ... E 110 0 The Argus says : — The single- wicket match between four of tbe champion cricketers of Victoria and fonr of those of New South wales, resulted in 'a draw.' At the close of Friday's play tbe New South Wales representatives had got twenty-nine in their first innings, with the loss of one wicket. On Saturday they succeeded in increasing the number to fifty-two before their innings came to en end. Caffyn played a good innings for twenty, but he got a considerable proportion of the runs off Wills, whose bow ling was not in tbe nsual style. Thompson, the man ' not out ' on the previous day, only succeeded in adding two to his score, which mode bis total score nine. Law rence mode none. All the four New South WaleB men were bowled by Conway, who was in magnificent trim, especially on Saturday. The Victorians commcaood their second innings with twenty to their credit. A remarkable illustration occurred of what some one once colled ' the glorious uncertainties of cricket.' The four batsmen who tried the patience of their opponents for several bonis in the first innings, and mode a score of seventy- two, were ell disposed of in their second innings in about twenty minutes for six runs— two of the quartette making a cipher each, and the others contributing three runs a-piece. The score-aheet at the close of the innings read thus :— Kelly, b. Lawrence, 0 ; Conway, c. Caffyn, b. Law rence, 3; 'Wills, l.b.w., b. Lawrence, 0; Fowler, e. and b. I.awTenco, 3 : total, 6. Lawrence bowled during the whole innings (round arm), and howled in a style which if it had been in operation during tho grand match might have made the score of the Victorians considerably less than it was. He took Kelly's wicket the first ball. New South Wales commenced their second innings, and two men were dismissed for seven runs. Caffyn UieB went in, and for five-and-twenty minutes he had his work set to defend his wickets against Conway's bowl ing. Be succeeded in doing so, hut he only troubled the scorers with one ' unit of entry.' 6 o'clock having arrived, the stumpe were drawn, the score of the second innings of New South Wales stand ing (bus : Cosstick, b. Conway, 6 ; Thompson, run out, 0; Caffyn, not out, 1 ; wide, 1 : total (with two wickets to fail), 8. After the match, a bat was presented to Fowler for his fine batting during the first innings ; a ball was presented to Conway for hie bowling during both matches, and another ball to Lawrence for his bowling in the single-wicket match. A purse was made up for Gregory, as a recognition of his good hatting ana superb fielding, It is intended to present some suitable tes timonial to Wills, for the services which he rendered to the Victorians in the great match, both by his bowling, batting, and excellent generalship. Monday's Argus reports that the eleven cricketers at New South Wales end the eleven of Victoria who played in the intercolonial match were entertained at dinner on Saturday night, at the Cafe de Paris, by the Victorian Cricktters' Association. There were altogether between forty and fifty gentlemen present. In the absence, from indisposition, of tho Hon. W. C. Haines, M.L.C., president of the association, Mr, Philip Johnson occupied the chair ; Mr. D. S. Campbell was the vice-chairman, The post prandial proceedings were characterised by the utmost cor diality, end the happy resumption of the intercolonial cricket matches was a theme of general gratnlation. A hope was expressed by the vice-chairman in proposing the toast of 'The New South Eleven,' that the entente cordials which had been re-established between the cricketers of the two colonies would never he again dis turbed, and this feeling was heartily reciprocated by Mr. Lawrence, the captain of the Sydnev team, who responded to the toast, and proposed 'The Victorian Eleven. Mr. W. L. Bees responded on behalf of the Victorian Eleven. The remaining toasts included ' Cricket,' proposed by the chairman, ' The Umpires and Scorers,' ' Our Visitors,' See. ? 