TOPICS OF THE WEEK, As February is a short month, and the 25 th will fall on a Sunday, we beg to draw attention to the fact that the English mail will close at 12 p.m. of the 24th inBt. The Wallaroo Times reports that [Taylor's lod hae at last been cat in the Telta Mine. A girl named Ituller was knocked down and rid den orer near Muirhead's corner, on Wednesday afternoon, by a horse and cart driven by a mail guard. The meeting of persons interested in the formation of the Adelaide Theatre Royal Company, which was advertised to take place at the Norfolk Arms, Rnndle street, on Wednesday afternoon, February 7, was not held, in consequence of the paucity of the attendance. On Tuesday night, February 6, Mr. John Allison, of Parkside, was stopped by three armed men, wearing black silk veils on their faces, about half-past 10 o'clock, between the Turf Hotel and the Green Dragon, and robbed of four £1 notes, some silver, and a watch. One of the notes is No. 71, Bank of Adelaide, and it is hoped this may furnish some clue to the discovery of the robbers. We understand that it has been arranged by the Sishop and the ministers of various denominations to hold special services next Wednesday evening on account of the drought, and te continue these ser vices on. the following Sunday. Circulars have, we believe, been forwarded to the ministers of the country churches asking them to join in the services, eo that the prayers may be as general as possible throughout the colony. A correspondent sends us the following : — ' At Christehurch, on Wednesday evening, several of the candidates prepared for the rite of Confirmation by the Rev. G. M. Wilson, of Christcurch, North Ade laide, presented him with a neat pocket communion service, manufactured by Mr. Wendt, of Bundle street, and also a suitable address. The rev- gentle man returned thanks in a neat and appropriate speech.' The usual monthly soiree and lecture, in connection ?with the Catholic Young Men's Society, was held on Tuesday evening, February 6, in the Schoolroom, franklin-street. There was a very large and respectable attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. P. T. Russell. The evening's entertain ment commenced by the choir singing the beautiful glee 'Where art thou, beam of Light ?' followed by the songs and choruses ' Blue- eyed Nelly,' and ' Be kind to the loved ones at home.' The Chairman then introduced the lecturer, the Very Rev. 3. Smyth, President of the Society, who had chosen for his eabjeet the ' Benefits and origin of Catholic Young Men's Societies.' In the first part he entered very minutely into the benefits conferred on mankind by Young Men's Societies thoughout the world, both in a religious and secular point of view ; and in the second part he described the origin and progress of each societies. The lecture, which was throughout both instructive and interesting, was very well handled, and elicited great applause. Between the first and second parts of the lecture the choir sang the song 'Mary O'Moore,' the glee 'Who is Sylvia ?' and the solo and chorus ' Twinkling Stars j' and after the second part of the lecture they sung the song ' Ever of thee,' and the glee ?? Sleep, gentle lady.' During the evening the band of the Society performed some Svely and popular aire. After votes of thanks to the lecturer, the choir and band, and the Chairman, a very pleasant evening's amusement was brought to a close by the band playing the National Anthem. On. Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock, a person of the name of Severn was driving a spring cart con taining several females and a little boy, and turning out of the Brownhill Creek-road into Bundle-street, Sent Town, the vehicle capsized, and all the persons in it were pitched out into the road. Severn himself had his ancle dislocated and was severely bruised, and tbe boy was also much injured. They were at once removed in other conveyances to their homes. The horse was a good deal cut in the flank and the £rap was damaged. A sailing match between the boats Polly, belong' jng to Mr. J. Lavin, and Harriett, belonging to j£r. O'Halloran, and which ran first and second in the second class sailing match at the Fort Regatta, came off on Saturday last for £10 a side. The course being from a buoy off the Government Steps to a buoy off Schnapper Point. The boats started at the appointed time — 2 o'clock, and on getting away the Polly took the lead as far as Levi's Wharf, when the Harriett shot ahead, and led all the way down, round ing the bouy off Schnapper Point about one minute ahead. The boats had to beat back, when the Polly soon began to gain upon her antagonist, and passed her, coming in the winner exactly by one minute. The race was a very close and very pretty one throughout, and there was a nice breeze for the occasion. The Rev. William Taylor preached twice in the Jubilee Church, Kent Town, on Sunday, February 4. In the morning his discourse was based upon the words ' But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be wit nesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the utter most part of the earth.' — Acts L, 8. The rev. gentleman selected as the subject of his remarks in the evening the text Ezekiel xxxiii., 11. ' Collections were made after eaeli eervice for the purpose of de fraying the expenses of enclosing that church with a fence and'ereofcing some out- buildings. The conclusion of the match between the South Australian and the United Tradesmen's Cricket dubs, took place on the old ground of the latter Club, on the North Park Lands, on Saturday, Feb ruary 3. There was a small sprinkling of spectators on the ground, who took an interest in the game, gome excellent play was made on both sides, and the game, which occupied three Saturday Afternoons, resulted iu the United Tradesmen be coming the victors by three runs and two wickets to fall. Each side had two innings, and the total score made by the South Australians was 241 ; and that of the Tradesmen being 244. The highest scores in the first innings, on the side of the South Austra lians, were made by W. H. Rosman, who succeeded f-y careful batting, in getting 55 runs without being put out ; and Rivaz, 25. In tbe second innings, the highest were Aldridge, 50 ; and H. Cowie, 37. On th* side of the Tradesmen, the best scores were, in the first inrdngBj Pinkstone, 32, and Bebee, 21 ; and in the second innings, J. Gooden, 35 ; and Botten, 21. A new chancel has just been added to St.Matthew'e Church, Kensington, and on Sunday evening hist His jjordebip the Bishop consecrated the new addition. The congregation was very large, and His Lordship preached an appropriate sermon from the words con tained in the 24th verse of the 9th chapter of Hebrews. The anniversary of the Methodist New Connexion Church, in Franklin- street, was commemorated on Sunday, February 4. In the morning the Rav. Clement Linley, of Melbourne, officiated, and took for his text, Jude i, 20 and 21. In the afternoon, the Rev. W. Taylor, Wesleyan Minister, of Calfornia, preached from 1 John, iv., 16 and 17. The chapel was completely filled at this eervice, the aisles and doorway being very crowded. The Rev. Mr. Linley conducted the evening service, when he discoursed from Phillipians !., 21. There were full congregations throughout the day, and the three collections, we believe, amounted to a liberal sum. The anniver sary services will be continued this evening, when a tea and public meeting will take place. The Rev. James Calvert, missionary from Fiji, delivered an address to the scholars of a number of Adelaide Sunday-schools, in addition to those of the Wesleyan Schools, in the Pirie- street chapel, on Sunday afternoon, February 4. The body of the spacious building was well filled with children, and a tolerably large number of their parents and friends occupied the gallery. The rev. gentleman commenced by giving an account of his conversion, and then pro ceeded to relate the circumstances attendant upon his determining to offer bimeelf as a missionary to the Fiji Islands. He referred to the savage state in which the inhabitants of those islands were when he first visited them, and related many instances of the bene ficial effect which the preaching of the Gospel had had upon them. He then, after giving some interest ing information respecting the islands, and the people who inhabited them, brought a very excellent address to a termination by urging upon those present — the young especially — the duty which devolved upon them of supporting the mission of which he had been speaking. Mr. John Cox, the late Manager of the City Baths, and who had long been in the service of the Corpora tion, died on Friday, February 2, and his remains were interred on Sunday afternoon. The deceased gentleman was a Mason and an Oddfellow, and the funeral was conducted with full Masonic honors. The Masons assembled at their Hall iu Rundle-street and marched to the deceased gentleman's residence, near Qrenfell-street, as did also the Oddfellows. The usual emblems of Masonry were borne by the brethren, and the funeral regalia was worn by the Oddfellows, of whom there was a large gathering. These, to gether with the hearse and two mourning coaches, a number of private vehicles, and a portion of the Ade laide Regimental Band, were formed into procession, and marched along Grenfell, King William, andFrank lin streets, and West-terrace, to the Cemetery. On the way to the grave the band played the solemn muBie of the ' Dead March in Saul.' Among those present besides the immediate friends and relations, were His Worship the Mayor, the Town Clerk, the City Sur veyor, and other officers of the Corporation. The Rev. Nathaniel Bennett officiated at the Cemetery, and at the conclusion of the burial service W.M. Sagar read the Masonic oration over the grave, the reading being accompanied by the usual funereal for malities of the mystic Order. O.S. W. Leaver also read the Oddfellows' addreBS prepared for these occasions, and these having been concluded, and the sprigs of myrtle having been cast into the grave by the Masons, the assemblage shortly dispersed. The funeral was conducted by Mr. Oliver Rankin, of Flinders -street. In the Insolvency Court, on Monday, John Logg, of Bowden, was awarded a second-class certificate. The adjourned final hearing in re Charles Fenn was further adjourned for a fortnight, as the schedule was not filed. Nothing was done in re J. Wilhelm. Robert Hill was awarded a second-class certificate, suspended for six months ; but in the adjourned hearing of the petition in re Thomas Venus nothing was done. Early on Monday morning, a coachman was driving a phaeton and pair down Rundle-street, when the horses bolted near the Hamburg Hotel. The driver loBt all command over them, and they dashed along the footpath for about 100 yards, and at last came into violent contact with the gas pillar at the G-lobe Inn, where one of the horses was thrown down, and the pole and trees were Btnashed. The body of the carriage was not injured, neither was the driver nor horses hurt. The footpath happened to be quite clear at the time, or some serious accident must have resulted. The quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Com merce was held on Tuesday. A synopsis of the pro ceedings of the Chamber Bince last meeting was read, and a fair amount of other business was transacted, and the Chamber adjourned. We understand the celebrated boat Forlorn Hope is at Port Adelaide for sale. She was brought from the Swan by Captain Davidson, of the brig Emily Smith. A new bottom was put in her at Fremantle, the worms having attacked her as they do all soft wood boats in that harbor. A specimen of lead ore from the Wheal Coglin Mine, and found on the surface of the ground, was brought to our office on Tuesday. It is said to be Qf very fine quality, and to give promise of a very rich lode. We understand from the Acting-Treasurer of the South Australian Swimming Club, Mr. C. S. Cock burn, that Mr. C. E. Tidemann will kindly give a prize at the forthcoming Grand Annual Matches in March, of the value of £5 5s. —either a silver cup or a vi atch, the choice of the successful competitor — to be swam for by German youths under the age of 18. We are also informed by Mr. Bastard, the present lessee of the Baths, that he will allow free admission for the purpose of practice to all German youths in tending to compete for the' prize. In the Insolvency Court, on Saturday, His Honor made an order for Mr. E. Martin to pay the sum of £120, which he held for his brother to the aasigneeB, and in the case of J. M. Henderson an argument took place between Mr. Ingleby and the Attorney-General respecting the books of insolvent, which the Attorney-General had refused to give up until hie claim was satisfied. The Attorney General consented to give up the books on an order being made that out of the first proceeds his Lien should be satisfied. An order to that effect was accordingly made. The following is an extract from Captain Gold smith's report of the Wilfcawat Mine, dated 1st February : — ' I feel most happy to inform you we have cut a most promising lode at the bottom of the air shaft, although not developed sufficiently to give f ou a correct idea ; but from what I have seen of it, it shows me it is a permanent lode. It has very pretty ground on the hanging wall side, as any one would wish to see. In fact, I have never seen more promising ground round the lodes at Moonta. It is quite a change of ground from any we have been working in. The lode is not large, being about 15 inches wide.' On Friday evening, February 2, in the Glen Osmond Mechanics' Institute, the Hon. S. Daven port, M.L.C.j eave a mo9t interesting lecture on the ' Extract of Scent from Plants.' The hon. lecturer commenced by stating that in his travels to France and other parts he had gathered the outline of that evening's lecture. He then described hi an able manner, with tbe aid of diagrams and utensils used in the extraction of scents, the several processes and stages, also giving in round numbers the profits realized, which is something considerable. The hon. lecturer next gave an account of the importation of scents and its materials from foreign countries into England in the year 1860, which he stated to be greatly over £2,000,000 (two millions sterling). He next read quotations from the pens of some of the most extensive manufacturers in Europe, which were highly instructing, and concluded by remarking that he considered that a manufactory of scents could be worked with great advantage in the colony. The Hon. T. Elder occupied the chair. A vote of thanks was proposed by the Rev. Mr. Mudie, and seconded by Mr. Smedley, Mr. Mudie remarking that if the lecturer would' publish his lesture in a pamphlet it would prove very beneficial to the colony, to which the hon. lecturer replied that the chief part of the lecture was already before the public, but that he would present it to the Institute. This having met with general approval, a vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the evening's entertain ment to a close. We understand that the Victoria Theatre will be opened for the theatrical season in March next. A petition from 51 inhabitants of Wellington and its vicinity has been printed by order of the House of Assembly. The petitioners state that they are, and have been, subject to great inconvenience and loss of time by having to go to the nearest Local Court, viz., Strathalbyn, a distance of over 30 miles, to obtain redress. That cases are constantly occur ring under the Waste Lands and other Acts, owing to the large amount of trafiio passing through Wel lington, besides police and other cases, thus showing the urgent necessity for the establishment of a Local Court at Wellington. That as there is already a new Court-House at Wellington, no delay should ensue in establishing a Local Court there. The petitioners therefore pray that the item 'Special Magistrate, Wellington,' may be placed on the Estimates for the year 1866. The ordinary meeting of the City Council took place on Monday. A fair amount of routine work was disposed of. Tenders for kerbing Morphett-street and Freeman-street were accepted and it was di rected that tenders be called for making Moonta street. Letters from the Town Clerk, Assistant Clerk, and Stationmen at North Adelaide requested the Council to consider the question ot increasing their eateries. The consideration of the letters was deferred. Reports of the Finance and Public Works Committee were read and adopted. It wai reiolved also that the Exchange Boom should be taken as a Council Chamber, instead of the room, originally intended for that purpose. The offer of Mr. B anbury, to lease the vacant land on the Corpo ration Acre was directed to stand over till next meeting for consideration. The Council then ad journed till that day fortnight. Mr. E. Solomon, the proprietor of the Victoria Theatre, is, we believe, about to offer to the public a scheme for enlarging the present theatre, making it 20 feet wider by 20 feet deeper, and providing greatly increased accommodation in every respect. For th purpose it is proposed to form a Company with a capital of £14,000, to purchase the present premises £8,000 worth of which will be taken by Mr. Solomon himself, and the property will thus become the free hold of the Company. It is calculated that the profit to the shareholders will be about 11£ per cent, per annum. The details of the scheme will be laid before the public in a day or two, but in the meantime we direct attention to the fact that euch a scheme is on foot. We are informed that nearly £150 per foot has been offered and refused for a piece of land in Rundle etreet, neat the Globe Inn. The following instructions to valuators of railways have been printed by order of the House of As sembly.: — '?Pablio Works Office, Adelaide, loth January, 1866. ' Gentlemen— I am instructed by the Commissioner to inform you that the Government, ;with the view of ascer taining the present value of the South Australian Railways are desirous of availing themselves of your joint experience in effecting thia object, and request that you will, with as little delay as possible, proceed to such valuation. 'The principal question to which you will direct your attention is, the present value of the permanent way ; toge ther with the bridges, stations, workshops, fences, fixed engines, and all such fixtures as are not included in the rolling stocks, tools, stores, fuel, &c;, which will form the subject of a separate valuation. ' Tbe Government would be glad also to have from you your opinion as to the value of the landed property in a separate paragraph of your report, although it is their inten tion to have this independently valued. '? I have, &c.;, ' W. S. M. Huttoh, Secretary. ' A. Weils, Esq., Resident Engineer of Railways. Victoria. J. England, Esq., Jan., Resident Engineer of Railways, South Australia.' The Dramatic Chronicle (a paper published in San Francisco) of the 25th November last, thus speaks of a lady whose name will be well-known to all the lovers of the drama : — ' Madame Celeste has just concluded her two weeks' engagement in Boston. It was not a failure, and it was not an entirely extraordinary success.' The annual meeting of the Horticultural and Flori cultural Society was held in the Norfolk Arms, Handle-street, on Tuesday afternoon, February 6. There was a tolerably large number of gentlemen present, and the chair was ocoupied by Dr, Wylde. The proceedings were initiated by Mr. E. Hackett reading the annual report and balance-sheet, in the place of the Secretary, Mr. J. R. Smith, who web prevented from attending through indisposition. The report was as follows : — ' In laying this report for the past year before the Society, the Committee regret that they have nothing of a very pleasurable nature to notice. Shows have been held during that period, and the result is that the Society is at the present moment in debt £27 4s. 3d. Various circumstances may have contributed to this end ; but whatever the causes, your Committee think that it is impossible to allow the Society to languish in its present sickly condition any longer, and they recommend that one of two courses should be carried out. The first is to subscribe the amount of the liabilities and pay them off, and then dissolve the Society. The other is to form some fresh plan for conducting the affairs of the Society for the future.' The balance-sheet showed the liabilities of the Society to be £31 16s. 9d., and the assets £4 12s. 6d., thus leaving a deficiency of £27 4s. 3d. Mr. F. S. C. Driffield moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. The motion was seconded by Mr. Edward Smith, and carried unanimously. Mr. Driffield thought it was very strange that such a large city as Adelaide could not support a Society like that better than the report which they had just heard read showed that it had been. He would suggest, for the advantage of the Society, that they have an Honorary Secretary, instead of paying a person to perform the duties of that office, as they had hitherto done. He had no doubt but that Mr. E. Hackett would accept the office if the meeting desired it. Mr. Hackett having expressed his willingness to undertake the duties of Secretary, it was proposed, seconded, and carried that he be elected to fill that office. At the general request of those present Mr. F. S. C Driffield consented to act as Treasurer. Subjoined are the names of the gentlemen appointed to fill the other offices for the ensuing year: — Patron, Sir Dominick Daly ; President, Hon. John Baker ; Vice Presidents, Drs. Wylde and Schomburgk ; Messrs. R. Ingleby, W. Everard, M.P., J. Acraman, and M. Wiedenbach. Committee — Messrs. Loutit, O'Hal loran, E. Smith, J. Curnow, McBeath, Rowell, Pen gelly, Wigzell, J. T. Gray, H. H. Haussen, Thomas Graves, J. Hodgkiss, J. Steer, O. Lines, J. R. Smith, Murray, and Hoffman. During the proceedings a notice of motion was handed to th© Chairman, by Mr. Driffield, to the effect that he should move at the next meeting that the present rules of the Society be thoroughly revised. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, the meeting was brought to a close. The return match between the South Australian and Kapunda Cricket Clubs commenced on Monday morning, on the North Park Lands. Mr. H. Cowie acted as Umpire, and Mr. J. Hirst as Captain for the South Australians, and Mr. J. Winderbank and Mr. J. Scandrett filled those offices respectively for the Kapunda men. The wickets were pitched shortly after 9 o'clock, and at 10 o'clock the game commenced by the South Australians going to the wickets. They remained in for about two hours and a half, when the last wicket fell for a score of 104 runs. After a short interval, the Kapunda men took the bat, but they were easily dispatched for the small score of 34. The weather was exces sively hot, but notwithstanding this the cricketers carried on the game with considerable spirit. The fielding and play generally of the South Australians were very good, but from some unaccountable reasons the Kapundaites appeared to considerable disad vantage. The Kapunda men then followed on with their Becond innings and made a very much better stand, running up the score to 80. This brought them to 10 more than the South Australians had made, and accordingly G-. Aldridge and L. Giles were sent to the wickets, and they very soon punished their opponents' bowling, scoring 19 in one 4, two 3's, three 2'e, and a single hit, together with 2 byes. The South Australians accordingly came off winners by 1 runs and 10 wickets to spare. Subjoined is the score : — South Australian Club. 1st Innings. 2nd Innings. G. Aldridge, run ont ? 4 not out ? 11 H. Cowie, b. Addison ? U W: Samson, St. Scandrett ... l F. Merchant, b. Packer ? 16 J. Hirst, c. Waring, b. G. Crase 14 W. Fullarton, c. Waring, b. Crase l W. Fisher, c. and b Packer ... e Featherstone, c. Stephens, b Crase 6 W. Horn, b. Packer ... ... o L. Giles, not out ? 3 not out ? 6 C. Tompkins, st. Scandrett ... 8 Byes ? is ? 2 Leg byes ? 4 Wides ? 10 lOi 19 Kaphnda. Club. 1st Innings. G. H. Stephens, run out ? 0 W. Lofteg, b. Featberstone ? 0 E. Rowett, b. Hirst ? . ? 0 C. Davey, b. Merchant ? 4 J. Scandrett. b. Featherstone ? 3 R. Loftes, b. Featherstone ? o A. J. Packer, b. Featherstone ? 3 J. Ot. Crase, not out ? 2 A. Addition, b. Merchant ? l W. H. Waring, b. Featherstone ? 6 W. Mannington, c. Hirst, b. Max-chant ? 3 Byes ? 4 Leg- byes ... ? 3 Wides ? e 35 2nd Innings. J. Scandrett, b. Featherstone ? 0 A. J. Packer, b. Featherstone ? 13 A, Addlson, not out ? 0 5\. G. Crase, b. Merchant ? 0 W. Mannington, b. Merchant ? o E, Rowett, c. Hirst, b. Marchant ? 0 G. H. Stephens, b. Feat&erstone; ? o W. H. Waring, b. Featherstone ? 3 W. Loftea, b. Featherstone ? 9 C. Davey, c. Hirst, b. Horn ? 25 R. Loftes, b. Featheratone ? 10 Byes ? n Leg byes ? 5 Wides ? t No ball ? l 80 At half-past 7 o'clock the cricketers, together with several friends, sat down to dinner at Host Tomp kins' e, Red Lion Hotel, where a first-rate spread was provided. After dinner Mr. Hirst, President of the Club, took the chair, and gave the usual loyal toasts. Mr. J. Scandrett, the Captain of the Kapunda men, occupied the vice-chair. After honoring the pre liminary toasts, Mr. Hirst vacated the chair, and Mr. A. L. Fullarton took his place as Chairman throughout the evening. The Health and Prosperity of the respective Ciubs, Prosperity to Cricket in South Australia, and the Health of the Munno Para Cricket Club were amongst the toasts which were honored. Songs and recitations were also given, and a jovial evening was spent, the Kapunda men evidently being satisfied with the manner in which their Adelaide friends had treated them. On the occasion of the first match the South Australians were victorious, eo that they have now been declared the winners of the game. A lecture was delivered on Monday evening, the 5th instant, by Mr. Thomas Phillips, before the members of the Lefevre-terrace Mutual Improve ment Society, and their friends, on ' The Properties of Matter.' The lecturer commenced with a description of the various arts and sciences, and then went on to the definition and properties of matter, dwelling at some length upon its divisibility. Refer ence wh alio made to the animalcul&s; which are rendered visible by the microscope in a drop of water; and the construction of the micrometer screw, or instrument employed in measuring them, was very lucidly explained. The attraction of cohesion was noticed and its effects illustrated. At various parts of the lectnre, experiments illustrative of the part under notice, were successfully performed, and great attention and delight were manifested by those present, at the very able manner in which the lecturer treated his subject. At its close, a vote of thanks to Mr. Phillips was proposed by Mr. C. H. Goode, seconded by Dr. Wheeler, and carried by acclamation, and having been acknowledged by the lecturer, in a few brief remarks, the meeting closed with the Doxology and Benediction. The Anniversary Tea and Pablio Meeting of the Methodist New Connexion Church was held on Mon day evening, February 5. A large number of per sons, including ministers and leading laymen, sat down to an excellent tea, provided by the ladies of the congregation, at the Philosophical Hall, Gouger street. At 7 o'clock a public meeting was held in the Franklin-street Churcb, Mr. S. J. Way, in the Chair. The proceedings opened with singing and prayer, after which some excellent addresses were given by the Chairman, the Revs. Maughan, Han cock, Calvert — Missionary from the Fiji Islands — Holdsworth, and Lindley. A financial report was read, by which it appeared about £878 11s. 6d. had been raised by subscriptions, collections, and in other ways, during the year, of which a balance of about £70 still remained on hand. After making great efforts to clear off the remaining debt from the chapel, about £300 remained, and a liberal member of the Church, who had already subscribed £50, promised another £50 if £250 were subscribed and collected by the congregation. This appeal was so freely responded to that more than four-fifths was collected or promised during the evening. Notwith standing the extreme heat there was a large atten dance, and the greatest interest was manifested in the proceedings. The speech of the Rev. James Calvert, in which the rev. gentleman described many of his experiences in the Fijis, and dwelt upon the advances that Christianity had made among a people but a short time ago so degraded and bloodthirsty, was listened to with marked attention and much ap plauded. Votes of thanks to the speakers, the ladies who provided the tea, and the Chairman followed. The Doxology and the Benediction closed the meeting. The following statements with regard to the work ing of the electric telegraph in Turkey are from the Levant Herald of November 1 : — ' The telegraph, we regret to say, continues to go from bad, if possible, to worse. On the Asiatic lines there is now abso lutely no certainty of a message reaching its destina tion sooner by the wires than by post. By the latter conveyance the delivery of a letter is generally cer tain ; in the former, however, the chances are in favor of a despatch never reaching its owner at all. The result is, that the Indian service through Turkey 13 virtually suspended, and that the Russians are, of course, taking proper advantage of the breakdown to attract this valuable traffic to their own lines through the Caucasus. The Turkish line to Bagdad consists of two wires ; but one of these is almost permanently out of order, and the Porte's own mes sages — quite contrary to the convention signed some months ago with our own Government — occupy the second wire nearly 15 houra out of the 24, leaving, it need hardly be said, a wholly inadequate margin of time for the vast Indian traffic. A third wire 'has indeed been laid down as far as Diarbekir, bufc-ifc . has no insulators. It is, in fact, merely nailed on by staples to the posts, and is of ' course wholly unwork able. Whilst the wires fromBagdad to Fao, therefore ?? are free and in excellent order, and the Grulf cab-le is in perfect condition— generally transmitti ng messages to and from Kurrachee in some 20 hours— the state of the line northward is such as to destry the efficiency and value of the entire service. The result is disappointment and annoy ance to the whole English and Indian commercial public, and the loss of a most valuable revenue to the Porte. If such be the state of this line now, in summer and autumn, what will be its condition a couple of months hence, when snow shall have blocked it up at a hundred points between Scutari, and the Kurdlish. mountains ? Westwards, in the \ European provinces, the state of things is only less bad. Messages almost as a rule take from 12 to 15 hours in reaching or arriving from the frontier, but even when received in Pera or Stamboul, their distribution ? leaves much to deBire.' In the interest 'of 'the public, of its own credit, and — what is most perhaps more appreciable of its own revenue, it is most earnestly to be desired that the Porte would once, for all effectually reform this most important administra tion.' 