THE ARITHMETIC OF FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. There is an institution holding a somewhat anomalous place in our social life to which mor« attention should be paid, and to doubt would be if its directors were not 60 thin-skinned and suspicious of everybody but themsems We allude to Fiiendly Societies, which exist among us in at least three distinct forms, if not more-the OddfellowB, Foresters, and Eechabites. To our working men and the minor tradespeople these have a concentrated interest which- among the wealthier cLus would be distributed over half-a-dozc-u dif ferent associations. They are the repositories of hard-earned savings, guardians of pre cious health, relievers of distress and poverty —weapons with which the poorest may arm himself against an uncertain future. These are their direct and ostensible objects ; others of a collateral kind are the supposed bond of fraternal union they offer to their mesabetfl, and Ihe mashinery for combined external action. A working man finds in bis Lodge the conveniences of an Insurance Society, a Club for Bocial enjoyment, and a rallying point for the defence of his class in terests. Such at least is its ideal value ; what it actually accomplishes for him is another matter, denendine partly on how he under stands his position, and partly on how he is served by his representatives with the alpha betical titles. With Friendly Societies simply as Clubs or social organizations we have no practical concern. Like other Clubs and party cliques they will have their U3es and abuses, their merit* and their fkults, the one of which mo*, bo left to correct the other. But Friendly Societies in their commercial aspect nave an interest for tho community at large, from the Government and the Legislature downwards. They are, in fact, ono of the great social problems of the day. They belong to a move ment which ia as yet only in its tentative or experimental stage. Tho data, the calculations, and the principles on which they can be securely founded remain to a great extent still undetermined. The partial knowledge available has yet to be thoroughly diffused among all concerned. The almost autocratic power which the leaders of Friendly Societies enjoy proves that their constituents lack the intelligence and prudence necessary to maiptain such control over them as is deemed essential in ordinary business transactions. If erery member of a Lodge knew exactly what he was paying his tenpence a week for, and how much his chance of receiving a fair return depended on the management of the general funds, there would be a great deal more discussion over it than hitherto, both in public and private. When such discussion is brought to bear in an intelligent fearless spirit on the rates of contribution and benefit at present in force, it will be fonnd, no doubt, to the surprise of many, that they are radically unsound. We are not writing from a desire to spread alarm among an extensive body of men who are doing their best to pro vide for the future. We would be sorry to have our motives misunderstood, or ourselves considered antagonistic to the movement in question. What we hare said is the result of careful enquiry ; substantially the same thing has been said years ago by a prominent official in the Foresters' Society. It is hardly possible but that others well acquainted with the sub ject have an inkling of its truth. We have heard even that there is a strong desire among the more intelligent of these to make some attempt at a reform. But it is not necessary for us to ask our readers to be content with mere authority. Our assertion can be sup ported by figures that are indisputable. To begin with, we shall state briefly the rates of contribution and benefit that are called ia question. As it is impossible to go into all tha details, we Bhall select a particular age, say five-and-twenty, and by confining our attention to it make the comparison uniform throughout, It is well known that a j-oung man of fiveand twenty, if in fair health, may obtain admit tance into a Friendly Society on payment of an initiation-fee of one guinea and a weekly sub ecription of tenpence. The benefits to which he thus becomes entitled under certain circum stances are of two kinds— one fixed or nearly so» and the other variable. Tho fixed benefits are those derivable from the District Funds — the Funeral and Widow and Orphan allowances Any Society can know almost ezaetly what its liability is a3 regards these ; for though a member may iiever hare a day's illness till the very end of his life, his death is sure to happea some time or another, and, nave in a few exceptional ca3e?, certain claim3 will bo made on account of it. The variable benefits are those derivable from the Lodge funds— sick allowance and medical attendance. In the nature of things these must be very unequally distributed. Some members may never have occasion to make use of them at all, and there may be an opposite class v? ho get far more refunded to them than they sub Bcribe. The variation of sickness may range j from zero up to fifty-two weeks per annum, end the distribution of benefits must follow tke same rule. As in all matters of business simplicity ib a cardinal virtue, we think it would be of great advantage if this distinction between the fixed and variable benefits could be further simplified by practice. In the management of the Societies they are to some extent kept apart, the one being placed under the care of the Lodge, and the other under that of the District. The generality of members, however, do not recognise such dis tinction, or at least the reason for it, as intelli gently as they ought. In testing the accuracy of tables, rates, &3., it is an all- important con sideration. We have now to attempt an approximate valuation of the two kinds of benefits. The fixed one?, theugh uniform in their incidence! are not as a rule uniform in amount. We find in the Oddfellows, for example, that the allow ancea from the Widow and Orphan Fund vary from £20 to £35, according to the standing of the member on whose account they are made. Ihose from the Funeral Fund appear to be £15 in all cases. Mirried member have the additional advantage of being able to claim a funeral allowance for their wives also, which is given at £12. To ascertain the average of the fixed benefits we must make out a maximum and a minimum case, and strike a balance between them. The maximum would be that of a married man in the best standing. For such a person the liability of the Society would be as follows: —Wife's funeral, £12; own funeral, £15; Widow and Orphan Fund, £35. Total, £62. ' The minimum case would be that of an unmarried member of short standing. On his acoount there would be a liability for funeral allowance, £15; Widow and Orphan Fund (payable to his representatives), £20. Total, £35. Adding tho two totals together we get £97, the half of which, £18 10s., would represent the average liability of the Society to each of its members. Say, then, that the fixed benefits amount in round numbers to £50 per bead. A part of the weekly subscription must therefore be set aside sufficient to meet this claim, which is about as certain to fall on the Society, sooner or later, ss if each member had definitely insured his life for the amount specified. The coat of a £50 iniurance in a regular Company would ho something like a pound per annum. We shall not expect the Friendly Societies to do it for less ; to allow them, tben,apound,or nearly fivepence per week, for this part of the transaction. Already about a half of their income is appropriated, the whole being onlj £2 3i. 4 1. per annu n. The remaining £1 3s. 4d. has to meet the second or variable class of liabilities. Here we shall exclude all minor elements from the comparison — on the one eide initiation fees, and on the other the cost of medical attendance — and simply set the sick allowance against tho amount to be appropriated for that purpose, £1 os. 41. per annum. The question is accordingly reduced to thu— Is £L 3-. 4 '. enough to meet the liability which the Lodgei undertake towards their sickmembcrt? What they undertake is, in bo many words, to allow each member who is incapacitated by sickness one pound per week for the first twelve months, and ten shillings per week after wards for so long as the sicknesi may continue. This arrangement is ostensibly based on ela borate statistics and calculations which have been made at home, and the results of which have been officially published by the Societies there. We shall take one of the latest tables, that given in the report of the Sab-Committee appointed last jear hy the Directors of tho Manchester Unity, LO.O.F., to consider cer tain amendments in the 38th General Role. It gives, in decimals of a pound, the annual premiums which ought to be paid for the various grades of sick allowance in vogue. The one which applies to our case— a member entering in his twenty-fifth year and claiming a pound per week for the first twelve months, and ten shillings per week afterwards— is ai follows :— The liability for the first 12 months is worth, per annum ? £1*3011 For the second 12 months ? '1139 After the first two years ? '6050 Total ? £21000 In the opinion of their friends at home, our Societies, in order to make sure of being able to meet their engagement?, should charge for the benefits they offer in case of sicknesi £2*1, that is £2Tlff, equal to £2 2s. per annum. The amount reserved for this pur pose, assuming the fixed benefits to have been properly secured as already shown, would bo only £1 3s. 4d. Every person concerned may be left to draw his own inference from the above figures. For our own part, we shall be glad if any one will show us, and the public generally, how any other inference is possible. To prove that the dilemma is not merely a theoretic one, we can refer to the Table of Payments and Benefits actually adopted on the same occasion by the Birkenhead Annual Mov able Committee. An exactly parallel example to ours does not occur; but the following affords a clear enough ground of comparison .-—For a sick allowance of 10*. per week for the first twelve months, and 5s. per week afterwards, £10 at the death of a member, and £8 at the death of a member's wife, the annual premium payable by those entering at from twenty-three to twenty-fire years of age is £1 Is. 8d. In this colony the sick allowance is double, the fixed benefits more than treble (£48 10i. against £15), and members are received at any age under thirty-fire, we believe^ for a slightly-increased initiation-fee; and yet the annual premium is but £2 3s. 4d. altogether. Many more anomalies of a similar nature could be pointed out in pnr present practice; but we must defer them till another opportunity. Public Mmriua rs thk Towh BJL&L.-A; very largely-attended meeting of citizens was held in the Adelaide Town Hall on Friday, July 6, for the purpose of taking into consideration the question of immigration and the present state of the labour market His Worship the Mayor presided. The meeting was addressed by Mr. Faulkuer. Mr. Pascoe, the Hon. ««J. M. Solomon. Mr. T. Murphy, Mr. Dale, Mr. P. Santo. M.P.. the Attorney-General (Hon. J. P. Boucaut), Mr. Macdonald, Hon. T. Reynolds, Mr. S. Raphael, and Mr. H. R. Fuller, M.P. Resolutions were carrjed expressive of the necessity of the Government prosecuting the public works of the colony in order to auprd immediate employment at the present period of distress; also that it was not conducive to the public interest to continue io set apart one-third of the Land Fund for immigra tion, and it was desirable to repeal Mr. Sutherland's Act A memorial was adapted embodying such resolutions. The meeting was throughout of an orderly character, aa4 broke up shortly before 1 o'clock. Real Pbopebty O?Fi&E.-Mr.; Little, solicitor has been appointed Conveyancing Ckrk to' the Lauds Titles Commissioners. ' ' ' Populab Lecture. — On Monday evening, July 2\. a lecture was delivered by Mr. J. 31. Howie, at Point Sturt Schoolroom, on 'The Lifs and Cam paigns of Lord Clyde.' There was a large atten dance, and the audience evinced their appreciation of the manner in which the lecturer treated his subject by frequent applause, and by asking Mr, Howie to repeat his visit on another occasion. The Steaiieb Kangaroo.— This steamer has chanped its day of sailing for Wallaroo from Wed nesday to Tuesday. The new arrangement will commence on Tuesday first. Adelaide Police Cocbt.— On Friday the sitting was a pretracted one. In the case of the Mount Lily Mining and Quartz-Crushing Com psjiy against C. Heath, late a labourer in their employ, explanatory drawiDjp were exhibited and a statement made in support of the charge of wilful negligence and consequent damage, but Bis Worship did not cossider the allegations proved, and dismissed the information, but with out costs. Corbktios.-Iq Mr. Burford's letter, for re spectable 'neighbour*' read 'n§ighbour. The Agricultural axd Hobticuxtobal . Society.- The usual monthly meeting of the , Agricultural and Horticultutral Society was held )n Friday morning, at the Norfolk Arms, Rundle itrcet. There were present Messrs. A. B. Murray, tf.P. (Chairman), E. W. Andrews, E. UL Bajrot, A. Bell, J. Cobbledick, — dimming, W. Everard, M.P., J. Frame, W. Hackett, T. Hogarth, A. Matson, A. McKenzie, W. Murray, J. Smith, R, Smith, W. Thomson, and the Secretary (Mr. Ward). The Secretary stated that the President of the Association (Hon. A. Blyth) wished him to apologize for his absence, which was owing to the pressure of business. The minutes of the previous meeting wera read and confirmed, after which the report of the year ended 31st March, 1866, was read. It showed that the Society was in a prosperous condition. Three Shows were held during the year, and the sums awarded as prizes were considerably in excess of those of pre vious years. Many new prizes were added to the list, and the receipts exhibited a large increase. The prize-list f or the forthcoming annual plough ing match, trial of implements, and show of entires was then arranged. It was decided that the event should take place on the 9th of August. The Managing Sub-Committee to arrange the necessary preliminaries for the match was then appointed, the following gentlemen being elected as members of it:— Messrs. A. Bell, W. Fergusson, T. Hogarth, and .r Smith The .fudeiis in the nloushins de' lartment were next appointed as follows :— Messrs. F. Cobbledick, Wm. Innes, R. Johnson, R. Ran dne, J. Stark, and Robert Wingate. The Judges )f implements were elected as follows:— Messrs. W. Bowman, W. Everard, M.P., Robert Paterson, i. Shannon, and R. Smith. The following gen ;lemen were chosen as Judges of draught stock:— Messrs. E. Aitchison, A. Bowman, B. M. Cole, D. Shannon, and John Woodhead. The annexed gentlemen will act as Judges of blood stock:— Messrs. J. Chambers, J. Harvey, R. Holland, and J. Aubert. The meeting then closed. A Buxn Asylum.— His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide has issued a circular, addressed to several gentlemen in various parts of the colony, seeking such information as would guide him in his efforts to establish an Asylum for the Blind. We subjoin the circular, and wish success to he philanthropic and praiseworthy effort If Mr. Townsend should succeed in carrying out his in tention he will merit the thanks of the whole community ,^- 'Town Hall, Adelaide, July 2, 1SC6. ' Sir— As I am very desirous of establishing an Asylum for the Blind, will you favour me by le plying, as early as possible, to the questions ou the otner side) 'I am, Sir, yours faithfully, W. Towksesd. Mayor. ' 1st. Are there any blind in your neighbourhood or district? '2nd. Male or female, and what age? '3rd. Do you know the cause of the blindness? '4th. What means have they of obtaining a living? 'pth. Can you afford me any information on the subject that you think would assist the Committee nrKnn ffwmatt 1 '* The Fab North.— Letters received in town roin Umberatana, under date June 26, do not con. inn the glowing telegram we published a day or ,wo ago. Nothing is said of heavy rains or of grass IS inches high. Slight showers are reported )u the 25th, and the clouds looked threatening. Prom Mount Chambers, June 16, we learn that there had been several fine showers, and there was plenty of feed and water. At Streletzki's Creek, June 14, there were foggy mornings, with light rains. From Mount Deception, dated June 19, we find there had been six hours' rain on the previous Saturday. Forty saltwater blacks had passed downward in search of red ochre. We learn that a police-corporal had been endeavouring to find out the perpetrators of the robbery at the Beltana woolshed, but lie had been unsuccessful. It was too late to prosecute enquiries, and the articles stolen being eatables would soon be dis posed of. Riveb News.— A letter from Mount Murcbison, under date June 25, says:— 'No mail has come down the river. It was supposed there had been very heavy rains, rumours of which had reached lount Murchison, where it was raining when the letter was written. Captain Randell left Went worth with the Bogan, for the Uoolwa, on July ], with 649 bales of wooL The river was rising slowly, about H inches in 21 hours.' The following is an extract from a letter dated Kulnine, June 30:— ' River still rising, and is now navigable. Queen, Moolgewanke, Albury, and Jolly Miller have gone down. Jolly Miller and Warrego come up. The weather is mild and fine; no rain.' From Para, June 29, we have an extract:— 'News to-night from Bourke. Ne news of the Darling rising.'' Flood at Willukga.— We are informed that m Thursday night, July 5, WUluuga and its neighbourhood was visited by a flood of very con siderable severity. The water filled the creek which, runs through the township, and bore down in its course logs of wood, fences, and other im. pediments. A small bridge known as Atkinson's itras washed away, and the channel formed for the stream across the main road having been blocked up the whole lice for the distance of about a mile w;js, when the mail left, flooded to the depth of some six inches. Judging from appearances, the depth of water must have been much greater during the night. A waterspout is supposed to have beep, the occasion of the flood. Cattle is the North.— We hear that one or two of our most energetic squatters are sending over to Queensland for cattle to replace the large numbers which perished during the drought. At the Mount Searle Run the cattle have been recently mustered, and all that could be found out of a mob from 1,500 to 2,000 were only 50 head. A gentle man writing on June 14, from' a distant north western station, says, 'I and nine others have been away three weeks mustering cattle, and re turned late last night with only two belonging here. The weather is very cold. We are much inconvenienced by the irregular delivery of letters beyond the lilinman. The last mail has just arrived, but no mail came north-westward the previous trip.'' ' The 'Northern Mails.— The following corre spondence has takea place between several of the ' squattera in the Far North and the Postmaster General on the mail service to the Noith. It will be seen that the Postmaster promises a weekly mail as far as the Blinman, which does not meet the case of the memorialists at all. It would be as wise to offer a mail to Kapunda in reply to a request from the Burra as to concede one to the Blinman for the use of the settlers in the Far North. Why cannot the weekly mail be dispatched the whole distance as formerly, now that there is plenty of feed?-' Adelaide, June IS, 1863.— Sir— We have the honour to request that you will take into your favourable consideration the desirability of im mediate resumption of the weekly mail to Ivinyaka and places beyond, which was discontinued last year in consequence of the scarcity of feed. We believe that there has been sufficient rain to make the conveyance of a weekly mail practicable, and it will confera great boon upon the Northern settlers generally if they can have their mails transmitted weekly, as heretofore. We have, &c.;, Elder, Smith, & Co., Price Maurice (by his Attorney R. B. Smith), Thos. Elder, P. Levi, W. J. and J. H. Browne, Thomas Phillips (for W. Marchant). The Postmaster - General.' 'General Post-office, Adelaide, July 4, 1866.— Gentlemen— I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 18th ult., drawing my attention to the desirability of resuming the weekly mail communication with the Far North. In reply, I beg to state that the Government have approved of its beingresumed as far as the Blinman, and that I have instructed the contractor to commerce (he same from the 1st proximo. 1 have, &c;, F£axk Rysjill, pro Postmaster-GeneraL To Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., W. J. & J. H Browne, and the other eentleinen signing the letter. Death of Mb. E, Ford,' the New South Wales Government Surveyor.— We learn from Mr. J. F. Bottomley, of Port Elliot, that a letter has been received in [town, dated Menindie, June 26, mentioning the death of the above named gentleman, which took place at Kincbica, pear Menindie, oa the Darling, on the 20th of that month. The same letter reports heavy rains on the Upper River. ' The Late James Hackett, of Macclesfield, —Mr. A. E. McDermott, son-in-law of the late James Hackett, whose death by his own hand, on June 25, has already been recorded in our columns, sends us the following particulars relative to the sad event:— 'The deceased was in good health on Sunday, June 24, and spoke very kindly to all around. He appeared much depressed in spirits on account of my uncle's absence from Maccles- field, and expressed a wish to see him. He had several times before told me that he was very sorry there should be any dispute between my uncle (the Rev. Michael O'Brien) and myself, and trusted he should never live to see his daughter and me in trouble. At half-past 6 Mr. Hackett, my wife, myself, and a friend had tea together. Mr. Hackett entered into conversation and seemed quite happy, speaking thankfully of the many trials and deliverances he and his wife had expe rienced during their residence in the colony. My wife, being unwell, retired early to rest: but Mr Hackett followed her to her room, and after some affectionate conversation, kissed and bade her fare- well, saying that he must be off early in the morn ing for Meningie. In the morning, however, his body was discovered by his bedside, with his own neckerchief attached to the roof of the bedstead, and the other end round his neck. The verdict of the Coroner's Jury was temporary insanity. The writer then contradicts a report which he says had obtained currency in the district relative to some ecclesiastical censure having been passed upon the deceased; but as no such report has appeared in our paper, and as its correctness is now denied, we need not go into the details. Wonderful Escape.— We are informed that a few days ago a child under four years old, be longing to one of the shepherds on Mr. Price Maurice's Bramfield Station, wandered away from home, and was out five nights before it was recovered. The little creature was fortunately accompanied with a young goat, and it is supposed that it must have slept close to the animal at nights, whose warmth probably saved the child's life. It was at length discovered on the Talia Run, some 13 miles from home, and stated that all the feed it had was sheaoak, which it was induced to eat by seeing the goat eat it. The child did not appear to be at all the worse for its ramble and exposure. Some warm tea and a night's rest quite restored it. This is a wonderful story, which we should have been slow to believe had we not had it from indisputable authority. Yictoha Theatbe.— On Friday night there ? iras a fair attendance at the Victoria in honour of I Sir. Ireland, who took his farewell benefit, l/ould the quality of the night's entertainment liave beea made known beforehand, we doubt not it would have had many additional participators. Since Mr. Ireland made his debut'm the 'Lady of Lyons'' he has not appeared to so great advantage, or rather so much in his proper place as last night His Hamlet had many of the best qualities of genuine tragedy— a commanding presence, clear forcible elocution, and dignified action. The wrongs and the revenge of the Koyal Dane were depicted with the spirit of an enthu siastic and the skill of a true well-cultivated fancy. The artist was in his natural element, and the sympathetic influence he exercised on his audience was not only great, but it was continuous and well-sustained. Every scene terminated amid hearty applause, and at the end of each act the favourite actor had to answer a fresh summons before the curtain. The character was played throughout in such a way as to illustrate one of the highest productions of the stage— the education of public taste. Hamlet was enabled so to ex press himself and to unfold his life's story that the poet's conception of him became intelli gible to the commonest understanding. It was a living commentary on one of the greatest and most abstruse creations of literature, conveying ideas hrougn tne eye in course of a few minutes which night have taken weeks to acquire by ordinary ?eading. We refrain, as a matter of 'justice, from jomparing Mr. Ireland with any eminent tragedian, jutwe feel bound to say that he has proved him ;elf a devoted and apt student of Shakspeare. Sis success yesterday proved auother point which tears closely on the progress of our local drama, aamely, that pure tragedy or comedy of the re ined school weuld bear to be tried much oftener than it has been hitherto. Of course, it will not i)ear exclusive use, but as an occasional mlief to the high-pressure sensation of the modern school it would be very acceptable. Not even 'Anah-na- Pogue' was witnessed with greater interest than '^Hamlet,' and there can be little question as to which would do the spectators more good in the lonir run. Actors whe think that the gallery will listen to nothing but rant are like preachers who believe simplicity and platitude to be the soul of orthodoxy ; both do the public injustice by descend, ing to its level instead of trying to raise it to theirs. If Mr. Irelinid has not had the opportunity of enlivening our stage as he might have done, this want of faith in the public is partly to blame for it. Instead of outlaws and hunchbacks and draymen, we should have got more characters from him like hi3 first and last; more genuine elocution and less sensationalists distortion of a naturally good voice. Undoubtedly he will be best remembered by his Shaksperian efloit of yester day, and remembered with respect. It was feared beforehand that he would be very poorly supported by the company, but here again there wis an agreeable disappointment. The onlv downriuht ncongruity was Mr. McUowau's Polonius, which, nstead of a shrewd and wily though fawning wurtier, was simply a contemptible old fool, la iiis dre«s he had nothing whatever of a courtly air, in his gait still less, and in his speech least of all. rue character would have better suited a circus ring than a tragic stage. The mistake arose, we conceive, from laying all the stress on the jocular vein in Polonius, overlooking entirely his profound Batiacity. Th.e King (Mr. Noble) and ihe Queen (Airs. Ray) were both a fair average impersonation of royalty. The same or even a little more may be said of Mr. Warde's Ghost. It was a very pleasant change to meet Mr. Warde as the expo nent of virtue in any shape; even defunct viitue with graveyards and purgatory in the background. It is but fair to Mr. McGowan to say that as Grave digger Number 1 he retrieved hiB error with regard to Polonius, and gave plenty of humour in the right place as well as in the wrong one. Mrs. Jacksou's Ophelia was a very good character for a makeshift. It had all Mrs. Jackson's good qualities as an actress— grace and pathos, and fluency— but it was not peculiarly Shsiksperian. Ophelia had some sharper elements in her compo sition than we saw expressed yesterday. For example, there was irony as well as tenderness in her reply to the advice of Marcellus— 'But good, my brother, Do not, as some ungracious pastors do. Show me the steep and thorny way to heaven ; Whilst like a purled and reckless libertine Himself the primrose path of dalliance treads, And recks uot his own road.' The piece altogether, in costume, scenery, and acting, was a very creditable' attempt at a most difficult achievement. The performances were concluded as usual with a farce— ' Turn Him Out' being the title on this occasion, aud Mr. (-ijl, as Nicodemus NoMw, the principal character. To. night the bill of fare will include 'Jack Sheppard' and 'Nan tlfe Good for Nothing.'1 We would call special attention to the fact that the season will close on Monday, when Mr. Solomon, the lessee, takes his benefit. The programme is to be a pei feet climax of the sensational, commencing with 'Aurora Floyd,' and ending with 'Charles the Second, or the Merry Monarch.' If any extraneous inducement be needed to attend on such an occasion, Mr. Solomon's energy and courteousness as lessee of the theatre ought to supply it. Few men would face the risk and annoy, ance of an establishment like his where it has to be conducted under so disadvantageous circum stances. Messrs. Cooke, Zotara, and Wilson's Circus.— The performances at the Circus on Friday evening were not so well attended as they had been previously. They, however, were very successful, and passed off with eclat. The numerous feats, athletic gymnastic, equestrian, &c;, were as usual of a high character, and were highly appreciated by the audience. The entertainment concluded with the amusing acts of the mules Pete and Barne};, which created roars of laughter. To-day there will be an afternoon performance. The Stratiialbyn Tramway.— In the speech of the Commissioner of Publie Works in the Legis lative Council on Wednesday, on the Hon. J. U Barrow's motion respecting the public works and jabour question, for ' they had advertised fo.- and accepted tenders for the first three miles of th Strathalbyn Tramway' read ' six miles.' Early Delivery of Telegrams.— The Age of June 28 gives the following account of Mr. McCulloch's reply to the Chamber of Commerce on this subject :— ' The Hon. the Chief Secretary gave an interview yesterday (27th) to a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce, represented by the President (Jar. Benn), Mr. J. Blackwood, M.L.A., Mr. Murray Smith, and Mr. C. E. Bright, who sought to effect some alteration in the mode o* delivery of telegrams received from Europe by the mail steamer. Mr. McCulloch said if they yere forwarded as letters from the Telegram Office a Galle he could not see what advantage should be given to them over ordinary or registered letters. The early delivery of these telegrams might be commercially important to a number of merchants, but as much could be said of the importance of other letters to other persons equally as interested in an early delivery. If the telegrams contained public information, the Government might give accommodation. Mr, Benn said there would not be more than (perhaps a dozen telegrams sent; and what was desired was that they should be placed, if possible, in a separate box, and delivered imme diately. Mr. McCulloch considered it would prove an objectionable proceeding that one section of the community should have privileges granted them by the postal department over any other section. Mr. Blackwood observed that the delay in the delivery destroyed the advantages which the telegrams were supposed to possess over ordinary communications. Mr. McCulloch said the advantages the telegrams possessed was that the intelligence they brought was not to be found in the ordinary correspon dence. It would be very difficult to define what constituted telegraphic communication under the plan proposed by tne deputation. Mr. Bright thought that the advantages of the telegram ought' to ensure its delivery some hours before ordinary letters. By the plan proposed, the telegram would still be a letter, and dealt with by the department as such, only it would be delivered earlier. Mr. McCulloch repeated that ortiinary correspondence would ultimately be transmitted in tne guise of a telegram, and give rise to great annoyance and confusion; whilst, if granted to the merchants, it could not be refused to others. Mr. Qmith suggested* that any trouble arising from the early delivery might be compensated by charging a small fee. The department already drew a distinction, and gave registered letters special privileges. Mr. McCulloch said they had no advantage in the deli very; the privilege granted was only tfie security. Mr. Ben'n tjiougnt it was forgotten that the tele gram contained; later advice than the letter. Mr. McCulloch said it was not necessary that it shpu'ld be delivered early to he of use. Besides, such a privilege might be abused, and any letter sent down as a telegram. Mr. Brpht said if that was done it would goen be discovered. Mr. McCulloch said he did not KS how it was possible, except by adopting measures which would be repugnant. It would no doubt be a great advantage to merchants to get their letters four or five hours earlier; but others persons would not fail to take advantage of any system that would effect that object. In matters of pressing importance, messages could be transmitted by way of Adelaide, and still greater expedition be obtained. Mr. Bright said the difficulty was in Retting the telegrams by way of Adelaide. Mr. McCulloch considered there was but little ilipcuty, as the messages at Galle bad simply to be oTrecifid to Adslaid? instead of to Melbourne/ He got his latestf urfpnnation by way of Adelaide, after the press telegrams had passed through; He would bs very glad to give all the facility in the power of the department for the eaily delivery of letters; but the plan pro posed by the deputation would ultimately prove of no benefit, as it would be so generally abused that Pie privilcgp woujd he destroyed. Mr. Blackffood thought' the telegrams might be forwarded to the TelegraphDepartraentrordelhrery. Mr. McCulloch said tho Post-Office knew nbtftirig of telegrams us such, and they could not be distinguished from ordinary letters, except that there was an outside Bmlorsement Mr Benn said he recognised the difficulty, and asked whether the Post-Office would interfere if any t^leereph agent brought down a special box' containing the telegrams. Mr. McCulloch said the department w»nli, as the practice would be liable to still greater iibuse,' Ebrqeb Corrected. — We are requested to correct two inaccuracies in the Hon. J. H. Barrow's remarks in the Legislative Council on Thursday last, under the head 'Delays in tho Audit Office.' Our report says :— ' This produced en injurious effect upon tke country, because if tradesmen could not depend upon getting their money they would have to charge more for their work.' The words in italics should have been 'pqt tender for Government contracts.' In Mother place, in reference to tradesmen accepting bills, the ' 1st of each month' is printed jn8tea4 of the 4th. ' 