A. SU.EORNATUlAT, CONVERSATION. (From Once- liek.) W WeVOre sitting round the fire at Squiro Jones' one evening eaonrly in January in tlhe year 185-. It was not exactly a flamily party, for a groat many of the people as soembled ivore not related; but we all know each other vory intimately, and though we wero a good round dozen in number, yet our conversation had assumed that quiet dreary charactor which moro usually muarks a smaller and loss sociableo gathering than ours was. We wore all staying in theo house, and, having exhausnated the usunl ovegangnamusomo nt, we lid, with one con sent, as it wor', collectlod round the largo old-fashiouned firoplace in the library. Thore was no light save that from tho fire, for the introduction of candles had boon strongly negntived. "Oh, no," cried Kate Crofton, when the squire hnd suggestod it, "we can talk so muchl boetter withlout themn." "And wly so, my donear?" said the squiro. " O1, I don't know," said lnte,-whlo was a general faviourito ; "but it is much snoro cosy when one has nothling to do." And cortninly it is so. An easy chair, a bright firo, cheoorful company, anld no pros pOects. of being obliged to got up too onearly the nest moring,--withl these attributes how ploasantly slay anll idle hour be spent! I could. write pages, .expatinting on the peeuliar ehlarnls of fire-light, but I don't, as nobody would roend it: more particularly at the comuoncolent of ac talo. Our conversation had, as I have said, beo cose quiet and dronsy, weloic suddnil ly hlrry Leslio, a nophle- of the squiro's said:- "Havo you handil that this house is haunted ?" 'Now if lthoro is oue thling that pooplo hlave a tesudleaoy to talk of ii that ssncor(isis light, it is of anythilng that carrioes eoino .olonlent of tlhe sIullprnrtural aloutt it, " Hneo yolo over bIoarld tlt this hslosos is hunlted " esaid Ilsnry Leslio, El Oh, ino," ersil Kaise Criofioss, all eags'r. no$?, . ] o0 t ,ll u nt i, " IIlI nilntr, i should jiot he shil to go to hed tol,'ight uniliiei' Jurlts V nil ehpt in thre esi roosi, .Jslla Ic so ~Iroimil.riIid, nls'I yiiss, hllh?" Jiut ,Trllts wo lisulr reiinglod lltoeirng Io ollrllld I olJl Inge Ulltrl. I, |'llh I?A t lIII l, I~tltl$Clf An 'rtii' oItrih114 iilnterchIs hn JitJ !on 'lirtrlbr r t rt il" blll si· f l i ;i, i ' "l?',.?!.l lll I~lr l~(lo'i' PII~IIM" l,,, I. ? oI Jytf )''?t.to ! ?1 1 jIi!)iI' 4lut, ,'e?', fr1t J'reess', !ttqi!i, to! /ln l !!0 lllltt' Inllj' !i Ar!'# J9r/? ',usul tiit sti ff! tl· illr( #t'?O.!)' \- ¥#11 il lilt I Hii III~ I? tIY !t.lu l t?, Jl! I.#?, ?tltir F~ 1? ~ Y1 ?1!?!!? dreandfill trngoidy tlhat led to this uneasy spirit roaming uip nId down the stalircas?, cladl in a white shoolt, and havingl left his haod hohiind him. Now, ]nto, if you go and look out of your door about ]half an hour after the rest of tho people in the house are asleep, you aro sure to sce him. Just try, will you ?" "iow can you 1o so absurd ? as if I would, oven suipposing ho woro thoro at all," she replied. " Thol you wouldn't stop to takeo a soketch of him, as that roelatioln of Lord 3yrorin's did of tllohe ghost at Neowtead ? " " 1ut wl0oso ghost is it?" she asked. " I cannot oenter into all the particulars of the horribleo story, as uncle won't lot me. ]Ilut it is seinomo old Sir IHubort do Jones, who lived I donl't oxactly lknow when, but somo whoreo about theo tio of the crusades. Hlo ws ani ornallment to oulr llnily, I can asslre you. Ieo groiund down the poor', lhe cheaoted tile clhurch, lie laughed at the priest, hlo murderodl his wife, hle ran naway inl btttle, and at length died friom drinlking. Now don't you tlihll we should wlallnt a great nlsay gallons of holy water before we could lay s?ichi a ghost as his?" "Isn't it all nonsenso ?" said Mary Soy moum, tllrillg to mo. "No, ino," cried Kato, intorposilng. "I do like a good ghost talo, particularly if it is trio. It fi'iglltons one so, you k]now. lat rarry ihas made this so absurd. NTow, Dr. :Ramnisay, you toll us one, do." "I toll you one," I said; "do yon think I know anything of ghosts? 3Besidoes, if I attemllpt to frighton you, I may succeeood too well." "Yes," romnarked the squiro, "like those medical students at Dublin, by that trick they played their comrado." "Wlhat was that?" asked Mary Soymour, lwho was of a moro practical turn than Kato, and liked realities. "Thloy had a f?ollow-student, who pro fossed tlllhat hlo was never friightonod by any thing. They challenged him to go into the dissecting-room after dark. Ho accepted the challenigo; but before he wont they had placed a corpse in such a position that it must di11 on the Iperson rlwho opened the door. Unhappllily the trick succeeoodod only too well, aid thie torror converted in a momont a promisiig, bold, dashing youth into an imbecilo." "'? Now, uncle, you aro lliuch worso than I am, for your tale is troe, (I have ofton soon it alluided to), and simply frightful," said HIarry Leslio. " D)o you remember what n Homer says ?" I observed, "many birds fly about under the boeamsn of the sun, but wo must not regard all as ominous," or words to tlnhat oflnot, giving it literally." " Never minid Homer, Doctor, olso you'll friighton Kate more by that than by the ghosts." " Ialf the ghosts that nro said to ha]unot cortaii spots in the couitry," I said, " have owed their origin to someo poculiarity in the light and ihado, or in the sound of the wind. Ghosls, you know, Kato, are not always visible." "Do you bolieovo in the Cock-laneo ghost?" asked Harry; " or in the supernatural dis covery of the Red Barn murder, or in tie Flying Dutchman? But," hle added, got tillg lmorO seorious, " what an endless amount *of speculation. might be madeo on this sub ject, so I don't ask you, as it isn't fair. \ansn't the Duke of 3uckinglam warned ? fHow would you like to hoear some one rat tling the rings of your curtains some night, SKato?" "'Thore nre some curious things that novor soom to got explained," snid William North, who had hitherto romainod silent. "Now I know a place down in the country whoro tho houso bells would bogin ringing in the middle of the night. I romombor that there woro all sorts of rumours about at the time, and I boliovo the family who lived thoro wero a good doal frightonod about it. Difforont tales got about, and people usod to whispor how the former owner committed suicide after leading a very wretched life; and a great many othor lively tales. Woll, it died out gradually, and now fer remember it. But tho ringing hIs never boon oxplainod, and I know that it took placo as I have described." "I have hoard of anothor somowhat simi lar instnuce " said the squire, who, getting interested in the conversation, had consed to obljeot to it. "It was in a Inrgo old rnm hling house, end ourious noises are often hesrd in such buildings, hllich really pro ceed from ntuinal cnnses, but it is somstimes ditfiult to necount for them. In this par tioula-r instance, howover, what the noise was I am not prepared to say; but at any rato it canusoed the mnster of the house to got up in the middle of tho night, and hlo absolutely uarried his wife down stairs in his arms. Ho never oxplained, as far as I anm awaro, the naturo of his alarm; hut that theoro ws some reason for it I am eortain, as he was not a mans oaasily frightonod." "'Pcrheaps ho thought the housowns going to tumblo down," suggested Harry. "Citations nio strungo things, and there are stgted to have boon many given to mnen whoso names shspoar in hlistory," snid WVil linum North; " I Ihavo soon somowhere that Goorgo I. on til wny to Osnnburg had a lotter placed in his hands writtoen by his unhappy wife shortly before leer death,, in which she sunmloned heimis to moot her at the judgment hsb. The lottor, as I say, had booii written some time beforo; but it wvs by a strango, or designed, coincidence given to hlilne oin the vei-y dii-y ihe wns cited to meet hIei. We all know hlon suddolhy ho dlieel, iilad very possibly that geve sise to the nseertioit. lIi sevetrh of these casOs this heaiith may huevo boeei eeiiised porsilns by the strinog ofetit such a sinumonis woul ihlleave oin thee iiorsos." "Dl)o you r'olnomlbor tilnt Jinhop," anid ITirry Loolio I?gin, " who jiod to tloop ill a hIIuo quito IloluI, 1is1 ilt(oldnto loJviug ihh, at. unight. Wholl y tho?' sio onio lloill ng thiy fllul?id an doijl ho hin houl, nd wijul1111 111)1 mor trango inilu out," llrU'ry, e hod huici' not uisuo"s thort," nuufu tho equro. 'iiuuru was1 II uhoul ilnlon, 11111 thou someun Ill (ilIn tn (t?h'ul ntr tiu t'uil siuupiy forI lhho l no h? o almornt nui a'l wn I yI? toI? tuuI' thu? uuuuiuo udl ululllluliuOilli flIII|]t uIuhwulu' Il, I I)uu upII 'Jh''y e'o nol lholy thou to do ?.?y' hau g tIllll ' ?'?tdl!?-I rllghl? ?/11)t/1 1 1!1 ?A'I I11 ,?I I1? ??~, 11 l l? ? u' l a iu!i' l t u lt ou p t ult II'thtIs " #tl ' I ' " t t i ' t r l, " Vti, ftolt tH .tl~f~.~lh~t~t~~t ~h/W WlllOtV'7'-'" "A pnalo blho light, a skeleton hand, ahi dampl earthy smoll- " "Yesc, yes!" IKato was getting quito n excited. "A suffocating sensation of feaor, a cold I shudder, an agitated interrogation, a fearful a trugglo, and thell-- " i " Oh! what thion ? "T Then-to awakoe." "You are so absurd, Hlarry, I won't tall i to you. Now, do, doctor," shlle said, turning to mlo, "do you toll us something. I am snuro you must haveo plenty at your fingers' onds." "I will tell you a short one," I roplied; "after that the squire and I must go and have our cigar beforo bed, as it is getting lato." " Oh, how dolightfll ! " she said. "What, our going to smoke ?" S"No, the tale, of course. Now please to begin." "\Vell, I will tell you about a ghost I met on the Waterloo Bridge." " Stir up the fire," whispered she to "Hrry, "?it is getting so dark." " I thought you liked to listen in the dark," he snid. "Not teeoo dark, you know. And now we are all attention, doctor." "When I was commencing my professional lifo in London I was only too glad to moot with patients, anti therefofre I lhad no objection to their being at a considerable distance firom my residence, or among the lower orders. In flct, at my first start I had very few who wore othlerwise. I was living then near Rlussell Square, antI I had a patient on my hands lwhose wretched abode was situated in one of those dark lanes branching off from the Waterloo Road. To get there I lhad of course to cross the bridge. Now Waterloo IBridge can hardly be snid to be a place. where The breezos pause and die, Letting the rose-leaoves fall; in thle first place it is bleak and gusty, and in thle second, there are no rose leaves to fill there. But we can with great truth say that At midnight the moon cometh, And loolkellith down alono ; for after the twelve o'clock train has left, tlhe passengers whoi cross the bridge are few and tfilr between. To me it appears, even by day, when crowded with vehicles and foat-pnssen gers, to be bly no means a lively spot. I don't know whether the appronches produce the fioliag, but so it is; and ahl:hough I consider it a fine work of art, and as the guide-booka say, a'fitting monument to the memory of a great man, vis., the builder, if I have to cress it, no miatter Iwhai t the hlor, I am always glad when it is done. The mnm whllom I had gone to see had Ibecome my patient in rather a curious way. One day while I was standing at the corner of Wellington-street, doelating in my mind whether I should go and see a patient who livedl towards the west-end, or walkl on to the city, where I had soen busioness, a wretched hsnggnrd-looking woman with pinched worn features came nt) to me and sadl: "'You aroe )r. Itamsay of Guildford-street, aren't you , ' "'Yes.,'-. replied,'I am. Do you want anything lfrom me ?' "' My husb~nd is very ill, and he continually asks me to fetoh you.' " 'Where do you live?' I askod. "'In Seacoal Ysrd, near Waterloo Road, but I will show you the way, sir, if you will follow me.' ' ' "'What is your name?' "'My husband's name is Jacob Kerrick. lie used to live at Ouselton, and he says he knew you.' "' Where did he live there?' "'lie was Mr. Pendarvis' groom at the Grange.' "' I remember now very well, and.I will come with you.' "The woman did not say any more, bnt having crossed the Strand walked on rapidly in front of me. We went over tile bridge, ndt having gone down tihe road some little way she turned into a narrow lane, and then iupa wretched court, over which was written Sencoal Yarid. I had noticed on our way that she was thinly and miserably clad, and I was not therefore surprised to lind the room ilto which she iusheored mo nlmost destitute of furniture. It was about hIalf-past five, and the evening was cold and raw, but there was no fire. I will not dwell on the wretchedness of the case more than is necessary. "I foand the uman to be one whom I had known somen yeors before. He had.been a gentleman's groom, had been convicted of theft, ntd hince that had gone irretrievably to the bad. lie was veiy ill, and extremely excitable. After remaining about an hour, I went out to see some of tbhe oficials, for the i'rtpose of gating him relief or admitted into an hosplital. I was delayed, and when I returnedl to hisi room it was inearly eleven o'clock. Finding himi delirious, tand ait times quite violent, I had not the heart to leave his wilf alone wvith himi while he was in this state. Tie little kindness I had shown them, such as getting them a filre, &c.;, appeared to have meolted lher, and instead of' the un womantly ]erson, whose hard larsli tones had grated on tiy ecar at the corner of Wellington street, she scenmed a diiffereint being. 1 heaord her niow softlv ask liher hislmsnd to be still, and tnn te tittrig aside, sihe would try to hide tihe toars that sytmpaItly, to which she lihnd so lung beeni a strllnger, called forth. "About twelve ie fell into a hleavy sleop, and telolling lher that i thie miorning sevo woelt ie' relieved of the solitary swatchings, and thlat I woultl cill on the mtarrov, I left the ioaso. And now I cosme to tihe ghost." " Oh, yes, now ? " sticd Ktlt, who was listening with till her nmig'ht. " It wasit a sliowiery nighlt, anti ratlser tvitdyv, 'lhe uttlooll slittno otlt at intervals, ind ithen was obsurlod by It lie heaIvy inssees of eleid wllilh wPire 'iveat rephI ly naoron th llr'y, It was do niltins very ulrltfsl'Os. solh tlt , lnt Ie I tiri'l, oult of' the yllrd listo tie l rrtw' tum t blu wafl ant'd' distt tithi, 'iThs wrttlchtl cotdiftit of tlfh Iwi wli il llwhti I I ld olwlt Ihi ste feIw ItIlltr hIctl iluflnel I toe jtrntlly, I iitet eeliet illyI'self' on Iio phau Iltttt IJ ,l?t llt t IItt hlitt ,yottg 1Illt 1 Is JuItlt . slit, tutd I it I halla Iinf t ' sjlt'tr ir l s ohstoltl wblolHIIranc wId.+ We I. r. wIIJnts given, and tiiull cItlhYI t h t' h u t' vt q ll' h ll; h tt jititt ,tisu liel' IS eiti',ilerlltil ii eliiF tu#ld/ f!it~etllettl filthit# Isl hf~ltittI~llh.ilti Iil)W. JIrPMhJ!lli fIJI Qleltt f /l It?? *liIDIy I/IIl)I~iIlJ#t' hlow I lnhad n the prvionus day received a strange anenlymousl communicntion, diracting no to meet the w?riter on the bridge I was ibout to cross at a quarter to one, midnight. I knew it.was thiet twenty mninutes to one, and it seemed strange to me that I was un intentionally going to keep an appointment to which I hand not given a secondt thought, ns I alwnys pitch anonymous communications into the fire. It never struck me that it night ble imprudent to cross the bridge, and if the idea of going round ever presented itself, siuch a proceeding I nm certain, from what happened afterwards, would have been quite impossible. Cabs there were none near, so had I wished it I could not have ridden home. " By this time I Ihad reached the bar. I paid the toll, and got fairly on the bridge. T'ie tide was very low, and excepting where the feeblo light from the lamps fell on the water, the river looked liltke a black and fathlomless abyss. "Before I hlind advanced a hundred yards from the gate I becanme conscious that some being, dark, shiadowy, mysterious, nnd indefi nable, was walking near me. I felt certain it was, and a creeping sensation of fear came over me. In vain I tried to hasten my steps, it was useless. I did not appear to advance fitster, end the figure kept uip to me. Instend of following" me, as it did at first, it had now reached my rigllht side, and I could perceive that its outline was becoming more and more distinct, I was on the river side, as I had started on the left hand pavement looking totwards Lancaster Place. "vWhon we reached tihe middle of the bridgeo a voice comnmanded me to stop.. I was obliged to obey, as also I did tile order to be seated, and I sank accordingly on the stone ledtge tlat runs rond each recess. Thelre was not snflicint light fi'om the lampa to distinguish much, but the moon, which had possed anlder a cloud, now shone forth again, and I saw quite plainly the form of the un welcome straniger wn hadl joined me. The ig'ure was of gigantic height, this being all the more apparent as it was bonding over me while I wa seotted. Tie garb was that of a woman, and this tended to increase the effect of'the size. Thie features, althlouugh I could trace them on paper, I will not attempt to describe, but their eflhct on me was to make me long again for the darkness, so that I mighlt not be aile too see them. There would have been something ridiculous in sitting thus on that solitary ledge at sulch an hour had mny position been any otlher titan it was; but I was speechless with terror, without any power to move or acnot, excepting just as I was hid. i-Iow long this Iasted I know not; but on lookting up again (comutelled to do no by a species of fascination) I saw that this beitng carrietd something I couid not define. At lengtl I heard a voico: " It is yo'r tol si, ,' it sl8,1 to relieve one I - of this borden. Sly hand, though powerless o cast it off, is able to compel you to obey no. Take it.' . " I stretched out my hand, resistance was mpossiblo, and it met something cold nnd. clomnany. Despito the shudder that passed s rver mei I grasped it, and what I held was Ileavy. "'fHere,' said my companion again, ' take ,his cord and drop tlhe burden into the river.' And. whilo saying this, I saw it uncover its neck, and take from it is halter, which nppeared to have been tightly bound round it. i did all I was commanded, and, having with trembling fingera tied the cord, I lowered the burden over thle bridge down towards the water. It stopped in its descent suddenly, and I felt the rope become loose. "'Stay,' cried my companion, 'it has alighted on the parapet; it cannot remain there.' At the same instant I felt the grasp of this being at my throat. "'Oh! release me,' I groaned, but it was useless to retreat or struggle. The rope was at my neck, a more than gigantic power raised ma in the air, and the next moment I was hanging over the dark stream. I became unconscious, and I remember no more." I paused and waited. Thereo was n momentary silence, and then Kate said : " But there is more, doctor? do tell us what followed." " I cannot. I do not know myself." " Oh ! But how did you get home ? There must lie more, you know, only you don't like to tell us," she rejoined.. " "All I know is that, when I recovered consciousness, T found myself in bed on a fine fiosty morning, and, as it happened, ,ratller late. I had been at an oyster-supper the night before, and perhaps that will elucidate the mystery." " Doctor, I declare you are worse than IHarry ! frightening us all, and then only to make fun of us afterwards. It has spoiled it all." " And now," said the squire, " we will have our cigars." 