"VALEDICTORY TEAMEETTn? THE WESLEYAN CHTTRow Last evening a valedictory tea held in the Wesleyan Church, Barkn 8w®5 for the purpose of giving the Wesleya®, Castlemaine Circuit an opportunity good by to thaRevs Messrs Hill La -rrl18'11!)? who are removed by the Wesl to the Sandhurst district. The tea meet e probably more largely attended than au ? vious one in the district, as nearly 4qq pte- sat down to the liberally supplied tables j fi® tea a public meeting was held, at which Ver C. Leech occupied the chair. On thn i h? (y- were the Revs. Hill, Watkin, Jav and M'Cay, also Messrs Yandell, IbbettTv1"' tei worth, Andrews, and others. The V was densely crowded, and the proceedin 11 cited the greatest interest. After a hv x" been sung, and prayer offered, had Mr Leech said that on this occasion h the chair because the pastors of the church that night the guests of their people, p er® membered three years ago taking part flfere- ledietory meeting when the Revs Harcourf Ta" Smith removed to another charge. R ; not then tbe profit and advantage' of K6- member of tbe Wesleyan church. He hf a close and intimate acquaintance with Jfr 3 court, and felt pain in parting from hi® fo al ways found him a firm and sympathising That pain would have been mitigated hadt known that his place would have been filled such a changeless friend as the Rev Mr p-rf He (Mr Leech) had ever found him a indi,; and safe guide, tender, indulgent, and consid"13 ate. He had been drawn nearer the truth h Mr Hill's kind, loving, and sympathising ®Jy trations. Through a near residence to Mr H ii he had the privilege of being able to brin £ self more frequently into his society. Tfo was no good word of feeling and resneM 16 friendship for Mr Hill which he could uot'sar of his colleague, the Rev Mr Watkin. Tfo (the congregation) had been singularly blessed by having two such pastors, but he could"! say that Wesleyanism, with its large resources' could not find two others, though he would consider it fortunate if two like them supply the places they were vacating. The speaker then referred to the itinerant system laid down by John Wesley, and said that it was a kind of give and take principle, and in tfo instance what was Castlemaine's loss was Sand hurst's gain. After a few other remarks he cah led on Mr Yandell, the senior trustee, to read the address prepared for presentation to the Rer< Hill and Watkin. The addresses, couched in the most affectionate language, were then read and presented. The Rev. Mr Hill, in taking his address, said that. he felt he hardly deserved all the praise given him . He remembered what Dr Clark had said, that it was easy to bury other people's children, so on the present occasion, it would be easier for him (the speaker) to take part in a valedictory in which he was not so personally interested. Next to the favor of God and the testimony of a good conscience, he valued the good opinion of those amongst whom he labored. He had not pleased all perhaps, but he had made many permanent friendships, and would leave the circuit with feelings of regret, not as against the law of the Church, with which he agreed, although he found it a tough morsel to swallow He would thank them cordially for the manifes- tation of esteem exhibited by the large meeting in which he saw persons from all parts of the circuit. He had labored with spiritual profit to himself,- and he hoped also to those amongst whom he had lived. The reverend speaker then read a statement showing the progress of the Church in the Castlemaine Circuit during the last three years. There were now thirty lay preachers attending thirteen places of worship; from forty-five to fifty class teachers ; a large number of Sabbath School teachers and officers. The money raised for all purposes for the period mentioned was £6013 16s Id. Three years ago there were 380 church members, now the nett number was 510. The number composing the congregations was 2300. To the number of members should be added, removals, 120, deaths, twenty to twenty-five, and from forty to fifty who had retrograded. Four new churches, in volving an outlay of £1250, had been erected. The attendance at the Sabbath Schools had in creased to 1349. There had beeu an increase of thirty-nine Sabbath School teachers, the total number being 246. Resuming his address the reverend speaker expressed his opinion that a meeting of all the Sunday School teachers should be held at least every six months, and hoped to see his views carried out. Referring again to the address, he said that he hoped that the words vox popuii.vox dei would be found truthful re- garding.it. ; After a few other remarks, in which reference was made to the benefits arising from ministers visiting their people at their, homes, the rev. speaker made mention of the late Rev. Mr Draper, and hoped that he (Mr Hill) would be able to \die heroically, and demonstrating the power of Christ as Mr Draper did, and sat down amidst expressions of approbation. The Rev. E. I. Watkin then rose to address the audience. He said that he did so with mingled feelings of pleasure and pain. He was glad to find' that he had the approval of the con gregation He had made many friends in the circuit, and though he knew, he must sometime part with -those lie loved,. yet he hoped to meet them -again in heaven, and there hold intercourse with them. ' His feelings were solemn and pain ful, for though he hoped to have another oppor tunity, to speak in that church, yet he could scarcely think it possible to meet all his hearers. He hoped that they would all have lives of mer cies, and mercies to the end. He agreed with the system of itinerancy ; the success of the churcn showed that it was beneficial. Of course iu all churches there were some who ran before tliey were sent, and preached before they were called. Dean Ramsay told of a minister who got wet m going to his church, and while complaining otni3 condition, was told by one of the elders to go into the pulpit where he would be dry enough- (Laughter.) He would also tell them of an old lady of the Wesleyan Church, who seemed to have water-pipes laid on to her visual organs, and went to a minister weeping bitterly at bis leaving, stating her experience was that every change of ministers was for the worst, an that he, to whom she spoke, was the worst ot ail. He (the speaker) hoped such feelings had no actuated them in presenting an address to him- (Laughter.) The rev. speaker then gavea amusing incident which occurred during Ins re cent stay at Sandhurst, and said that he was glad to be removed to Sandhurst with the he ' Mr Hill, with whom he had always wor'£p, s amicably, and alwaj's intended to do so. 1 eJ had worked together (Mr Hill as superintenden of the district,) and they had found tha' t pleasure of the Lord had prospered in hands. Castlemaine would be engraven on memory. He bad not tried to please all. , old book said — " Woe unto him who P'eas«-0 everyone." He had not deserved that woe. had trod on the toes of some people ,u. .f charge of his duty, and would do so again 1 quired. When absent from them he would aiw j pray for peace in their Jerusalem ; an<0rJ| for their success, but for all those who_ e trfl iu the Lord Jesus Christ with sincerity. , hoped that the Lord God of their fathers w look down on them ; and in saying fi00 could not better than say — May the love o and the blessing of the Lord Jesus Chris , the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with , all evermore. There was a hearty respo Amen, and the speaker sat down. , Several other gentlemen then addresse meeting, which was brought to a close by t of thanks to the chairman being given at a vanced hour. " I'll make a man of you," as the sculptor the marble. ,vip3 Query. — Please, sir, do the Black Ball st take away from. England the candidates J by different clubs ? 