THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. POLITICAL AND SOCIAL REVIEW. (FROM OUR PARIS CORRESPONDENT ) PARIS. MAY 27. The crisis under which Europe is labouring at present is, perhaps, the most terrible that we havo experienced for half a century. From the Adriatic to the Northern Ocean, nearly two millions of armed men are front to front, and prepared for the great butchery. Prussia has mobilised her entire army. The second-rate powers of the Germanic Confe- deration unite their forces. Austria has on foot her two armies of the north and south. All Italy is on a war footing. Even neutral states, such as Belgium and Switzerland, are arming, as if they also were forced to be on their guard against a surprise. Those great instruments of civilisation, the railways, are reserved for the transport of troops and mili- tary stores. The telegraph no longer sends commercial despatches, and is taken up with diplomatic communications. Social relations are suspended ; the workshops are empty ; banks close with liabilities amounting to an appalling figure ! Governments, no longer able to effect loans, are obliged to have re- course to paper money, and see before them the spectre of bankruptcy—" hideous" bank- ruptcy, as Mirabeau called it. Meantime, negotiations are being carried on in different quarters to prevent the outbreak of the con- flict. Efforts at conciliation struggle with preparations for war, so that, however para- doxical it may appear, we have never been so near war or—peace. Let us balance ac- counts, and give a more accurate and prac- tical view of the situation of affairs. I shall resume my narrative, interrupted last month. Prussia having accepted the proposal for a simultaneous disarming, which Austria had addressed to her, people were justified in ex- pecting that the causes of war existed no longer, and that both parties having come to a preliminary agreement, could easily resolve by diplomatic means the two questions raised, namely, the Duchies of the Elbe and federal reform. But, all of a sudden, the difference was widened by the appearance of Italy on the scene. This latter power, foreseeing the probability of the impending struggle between the two German Governments, signed a treaty, offensive and defensive, with Prussia, without seeking to conceal her intention to profit by the embarrassments of her rival, to recover Venice and the rest of the Italian territory in the hands of Austria. From that act, it was evident that, side by side with the Austro-Prussian difficulty, another and more serious question had sprung up, the Austro- Itallan question, which will never cease to subsist till the northern provinces of Italy shall be absorbed into Italian nationality. Now, more than ever, in consequence, it is purely chimerical to count on the duration of the peace of Europe. Public attention, previously concentrated on German affairs, has turned its eyes to the other side of the Alps, as if every one felt instinctively that if war should break out, it would certainly begin there, and not elsewhere. In fact, in spite of the answer given by the Cabinet of Florence, that Italy would not strike the first blow, it appears to us that it would be very difficult, or rather altogether impossible, for the Government to resist the impetus which pushes the whole nation towards the field of battle. 200,000 men and 250 pieces of artillery are united on the banks of the Po. From this to the 1st of June, the effective force of the army is to be increased to 300,000 men and 400 cannon, without counting garrison troops, depots, volunteers, and National Guards. The army is divided into live corps, com- manded by Della Rocca, La Marmora, Cialdini, Durando. Cucchiari, under the orders of the King. The heir to the throne serves as General of Division under Marshal Della Rocca. His younger brother, Amadeus, commands a brigade, and a third member of the Royal family is at the head of a regiment. Prince Humbert's impetuosity and martial spirit are well known; he is the worthy son of the Sovereign who claims the title of the first soldier of Italian independence. The marshal having written to the King to express his apprehensions on the subject of the Prince, the King answered in these noble and patriotic words;—" If the House of Savoy had a hundred sons, instead of three, their place would be in the foremost ranks of the Italian army." The King, after endeavouring to dissipate the marshal's fears, concluded thus "and what will be, will be." To the 400,000 men of the regular army, we must add the volunteers, who have been organised by a Royal decree, under the com- mand of Garibaldi, and who are to compose ten regiments, each regiment consisting of two battalions, each battalion numbering eight companies. The general is still at Caprera, which he will not quit till he shall have received the King's orders, when the last moment shall arrive. The friendliest understanding subsists between him and the Government, as may be judged from the teems of the following letter, addressed by him to the Minister of War, on the date of the 11th May :— " Sir,—I accept with real gratitude the mea- sures you have taken, sanctioned by His Majesty, relative to the volunteer body. I am grateful to you for the confidence you show me in placing me at its head. Act as my interpreter to the King, and express my sen- timents to him. I hope soon to concur with our glorious army in the fulfilment of the destinies of the country. I thank you for the courtesy you have shown me in forwarding to me this communication. " G. GARIBALDI." It is impossible to describe the enthusiasm of tho Italians for war. Almost every one is a soldier, or wishes to be a soldier, in Italy, There is no exaggeration in saying that, if the Government wished it, it would have but to raise a finger to have a million of armed men at its orders. Colonels enlist as private soldiers. Prince Pio, a connexion of the Royal family, and very rich, has enlisted as a private under the banner of Garibaldi. In all classes, everywhere, the same ardour manifests itself. One of my friends, at pre- sent in Italy, returning from Fiesole in an omnibus, had for fellow travellers two coun- trymen, who were conversing with each other. "And your son," said one, " with whom is he going ?" " With Garibaldi," "And yours?" " With Vittorio." (Victor Emmanuel.) The nation, just now, is arrived at an epoch when everything, even the im- possible, is possible. At sea, the Italian navy is far superior to the Austrian. The command in chief of the fleet is confided to Admiral P--sano, who his under him Rear-Admirals Abbi and Vacca. It is divided into three squadrons, one for attack at sea, one for cruising, and another to assist in besieging. The squadron under Rear- Admiral Vacca's command is already in the Adriatic. It has taken up a position be- tween Ancona and the island of Grossa (off the coast of Dalmatia), and thus threatens the Bay of Trieste, Pola, Fiuma, and Venice There was even a report before yesterday that it had attacked the latter town. This report has not been confirmed. Austria has 160,000 men under arms in Venetia, of which 80,000 or 90,000 are avail- able for active service. The rest is meant for the defence of the famous Quadrangle and the fortersses. The army of the North is much more numerous—the army destined to act against Prussia ; it consists of not less than 380,000 men, with 500 pieces of artillery, under the command of Marshal Baron Benedek, cantoned in échelon on the frontiers of Saxony and Prussia. At Vienna, people are very much excited, especially against Prussia, but this excitement hardly goes any farther than the suburbs of the capital; at most stops short at the frontiers of the Duchy of Austria, properly so called. The Cabinet of Vienna, struck by the great national movement which has taken place in Italy, vainly endeavours to excite something simi- lar in the empire: by cajoling, and promises held forth to the Servians, the Poles, the Hungarians, the Roumans (for Austria's mis- fortune is to be not a nation, but a jumble of nations), she seeks, but does not succeed, to gain them over to a cause which is not theirs. The army is well inclined to do its duty, but the different populations are cold or indif- ferent. In Prussia, the people are all but hostile to the Government. The war is not only un- popular, but is looked on with feelings of repugnance. This antipathy manifests itself particularly in the Rhenish provinces. In those rich and industrious districts, the people love that peace which procures for them the blessings of comfort and easy living, which they greatly prize ; they have no an- nexionist ambition, and ask their King for nothing but to let them alone; to leave them to themselves in their smiling valleys, given up to business and pacific pursuits. Now, shops are closing, and workshops deserted. In all branches of manufactures orders are countermanded, and hands wanted. The men from twenty to thirty-three are called out to serve, the object and result of which no one sees distinctly. The greater number of these men rejoin their regiments against their will. In some districts the workmen flatly refused to march ; force was had recourse to to compel them ; they resisted, backed by their fellow workmen; the military com- mandant was obliged to send to Berlin to know what he should do. In places of public resort, as well as in private society, reproach is loud and violent, and bitter are the impre- cations against Bismarck, looked upon not without reason, as the author of all the mis- chief. On the 7th inst., a fanatic fired five pistol shots at him. He escaped by a miracle, In other parts of Germany, the aversion to war, the hostility to King William's Premier, are evinced still more unmistakably than in Prussia. The Congress of German Deputies at Frankfort declared unanimously against war, and in favour of the immediate convo- cation of a National Parliament. The Depu- ties condemn the war, on the ground that it is a mere Cabinet war between the respective Governments of Berlin and Vienna, under- taken with a view to dynastic interests, and that it jeopardises the prosperity, and even the national existence, of Germany. And they add that they wish for a National Parliament, because they wish Germany to be free, and not the subjection of one part of the country to another. Very violent speeches are made in the clubs, In the streets—high-pressure speeches, enough, one would think, to blow up a Govern- ment. Public speakers succeed each other, and the applause is as violent, as the language. The Vaterland is on the tapis, but in Germany there are about thirty-five of them, and the German, a parishioner rather than a patriot, however attached he may be to the cause of German unity, cannot be got to separate it from provincial interests and feeling. One would imagine, when one listens to them, that Germany is on the point of renewing the French story of '92 ; but one would be wrong in doing so. It is just on this very point that the difference is so remarkable between the German and Italian character. In Italy, the idea, but just conceived, hastens to throw itself into the mould of action. In Germany, when all the fiery orators, one after another, have been applauded to the skios, the terrible revolutionists go home peaceably. Their con- sciences are set at rest; they are satisfied with having fulfilled their duty to their country. They sup tranquilly with their wives and children, then go off to the beer shop, smoke their pipes, and swallow down oceans of Bavarian beer. A "German row" (querelle d'Allemand) is the French expression, corresponding to our English " Much ado about nothing." If there were any question of that, I should be inclined to believe in the ultimate success of the steps taken simultaneously by France, England, and Russia, in the interest of peace. The three Powers addressed a col- lective note to the Austrian, Prussian, and Italian Governments, proposing a con- gress, to be called together, in order to de- liberate on the three questions pending —the Duchies of the Elbe, Venice, and the revisal of the Constitution of Germany. The three neutral powers were agreed on the subject of the three questions, and sought to establish an agreement, in turn, between Austria, Prussia, and Italy, by a system of territorial compensa- tion. Such compensations appear to me to be so much the more difficult to find, inasmuch as we may ask if the inhabitants of the terri- tories to be ceded would be quite as satisfied as the Governments ; and in case this might not be so, might we not justly aver that our diplomatists had only substituted now trea- ties of Vienna to the old ones? The powers themselves who opened negotiations on this subject do not seem to entertain a very lively hope of seeing them crowned with success, and seem to have taken these steps merely to set their conscience at ease, so to say. In England, France, Germany, and Italy, people are just as incredulous, and regard war as inevitable. When the cannon is thus loaded to the muzzle, it goes off of its own accord. As regards Italy in particular, it is evident she cannot abandon a war policy unless Venetia be made over to her. And it is but too true that this cession would only be a par- tial satisfaction to her claims, and that she would prefer taking Venetia to receiving it —to purchasing it, at any rate. On this point there is but one opinion in Italy, and popular instincts do not deceive the people of that country. Two things are just now required in Italy—to complete the unity, and prove to the world that she can and will defend it. This general belief in the possibility of maintaining peace, by a sort of revulsion of feeling—people being wearied with a state of things that is neither peace nor war—leads people to wish for actual and real war. It could not have worse effects than this uni- versal public anxiety—this fever of expec- tation, which undermines all social strength, wearing itself out in a void. Just observe that delay costs these states that are on a war-footing about £200.000 a day ! But beyond this, private enterprise injured, work- shops are closed, banks are breaking, and ports are encumbered with ships whose crews are dismissed. When things have gone so far, the greatest evil is not war, but the continual expectation of war. There is, perhaps, but one man in Europe who could put an end to this uncertainty. If the Emperor Napoleon declared openly for or against Austria or Prussia, and took an active share in the quarrel, in which till now he has only appeared as arbitrator, it is pro- bable that the question of peace or war would be speedily decided. But the Emperor is silent, which leaves the door open to suppo- sition. He continues, to all appearance, to retreat behind a neutrality in whose reality no one believes, and intervenes in order to maintain a state of peace which is more and more regarded as impos- sible, You can hardly require more in order to understand the sensation created by the language addressed by him to the Mayor of Auxerre on the 6th instant, when, a reply to the welcome given him by that magis- trate, he went on to speak (without any apparent purpose, inasmuch as he had merely come to honour by his presence an agricultural show) of those " de- testable treaties of 1815, of which it is sought at present to make the only basis of our foreign policy." Public opinion in France and throughout Europe was unani- mous to the effect that this attack (altogether unexpected) was not only an expression of disapprobation of the ultra-conservative doc- trines put forth by M, Thiers in the sitting of the Legislative Body of the 3rd instant—one of the most memorable of the session—and applauded by almost the entire House, but further, a direct vindication of our former frontiers, almost a war-cry in sight of a retaliation, more or less near, for Waterloo, But that again decides nothing with respect to the choice of an ally ; for if, for instance, the frontier of the Rhine were in question, the Emperor might as readily expect to obtain it by an alliance with Austria against Prussia as by an alliance with Prussia against Austria. In presence of the great question at present agitated all others appear secondary. However, an inci- dent has just taken place in the United Prin- cipalities (Turkish provinces) which is not without gravity. I informed you in my March letter that after the deposition of Prince Conza the Count of Flanders had been elected to succeed him on the throne, and that a con- ference had met at Paris to decide definitely the very delicate question raised by the event in question. Upon the refusal of the Count of Flanders, the Roumans elected Prince Charles of Hohenzollern, allied to the Royal family of Prussia, in spite of the de- claration of the conference to the effect that the election of a foreigner to the throne of the Principalities should be considered as null and void, as being contrary to the treaties between the powers. The diplomatic body imagined that their declaration would put an end to any intention of acceptance on the part of the Prince, who till then had de- ferred making known his decision, and the noble and excellent diplomatists went fast asleep, when, all of a sudden, came the news that the Prince had traversed Austria incognito, had entered Wallachia, accompanied by an orderly-officer in the Wallachian service, and by M. Werner, his secretary. He was received with unspeakable enthu- siasm, and his progress through the country resembled a triumphal march, till, at last, he made his public entry into Bucharest, on the 22nd inst. So our diplomatists are again in a bustle. Need I say that the news of this bombard- ment of Valparaiso was the signal on this side of the Atlantic for a universal cry of In- dignation. Is it thus that Spain, chivalrous Spain, understands the laws of humanity? What do I say—the laws of war? France and England set quite another example to the world when, during the Crimean war, their combined fleets could have bombarded Odessa, but did not, and through their honour- able abstention prolonged the defence of Sebastopol. And even to-day, here we have Prussia, Austria, and Italy, on the eve of a fearful war, declaring that their ships of war will not capture, in case of war, merchant vessels belonging to a hostile nation. But Admiral Mendez-Nunez has none of these simpleton scruples. After having bombarded a defenceless town, the glorious admiral sailed to continue his cannonades against the Chilian and Peruvian ports. He boasts, it is said, that he has caused a loss of nearly twenty millions of dollars—he can boast besides of having inflicted a wound on Spanish honour, a wound that will remain unclosed when Valparaiso shall arise anew from its ruins. It appears, however, that the Spanish Government has been within the last few days influenced by the universal blame which attaches to its admiral ; and it has published a report, addressed to the Cabinet, as well as a manifesto to the diplo- matic body at Santiago, thinking thereby to justify its conduct. Admiral Mendez-Nunez defends the bombardment on the ground of the obstinacy with which the Chilian squad- ron continued to shelter itself behind the impassable channels, where the fire of the Spanish ships could not reach it ; but this argument falls to the ground of itself, if it be true, as the Moniteur states that the Chilian Government pro- posed a sea fight at ten miles from the coast. And even had the Chilians refused to quit their passes, did the fact give a right to the Spaniards to bombard and reduce to ashes an open and defenceless commercial town? It is just as if an army, despairing of the re- duction of an enemy's citadel too strongly fortified, should revenge itself by laying waste and setting fire to neighbouring towns. Such conduct recalls to mind the time when, in order to force a besieged place to surrender, the enemy used to threaten the prisoners of war. So, if Valparaiso has been bombarded we must blame the Chilians, who had the bad taste, and the singularly bad faith, not to quit the passes of Chiloe; they themselves are alone responsible for the disasters I The Court is soon to take up its country quarters—to enjoy the pleasures of the ville- giatura. The precise moment of departure for Saint Cloud is not yet fixed, but it is pro- bable that it will take place about the period of the opening of the camp at Chalons. St. Cloud is situate two leagues from Paris, on the banks of the Seine, and is one of the prettiest of the Imperial residences. Numerous his- torical souvenirs belong to it. It was in the orangery of the chateau that took place the famous scene of the 18th Brumaire which made Bonaparte Consul, and soon after Emperor ; it was at St. Cloud, also, that the capitulation of Paris was signed on the 3rd of July. 1815; so that the same palace which had been the cradle of Napoleon's power witnessed his fall. The Court of the present Sovereign resides at St. Cloud during a part of the summer ; the remainder of the season is passed at Fontainbleau, and at Compeigne, where hunting can be enjoyed in the parks. After to-morrow is to take place the Empress's last Lundi dansant (Monday ball) ; this party, which is of a more private charac- ter than the great balls at the Tuileries, will close the winter season. The preceding Lundis were animated by the presence of several illustrious guests —the Crown Prince of Denmark, whom I mentioned in my last letter, the Prince Royal of Prussia, and the Prince of Orange, who travels under the title of Count of Buren. Amongst the number of remarkable personages passing through Paris I must not forget the Chinese ambassadors, charged by Prince Kong, the Regent of the Celestial Empire, with a mission to France, England, Belgium, Denmark, Prussia, and Russia, with a view to study the question of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and the European powers who have signed treaties with the empire. The head of this mission is a mandarin of the first class, from fifty-five to sixty years of age, who, for many years was Director of the Customs in China. He is an enlightened man, who, having seen the manner in which Europeans carry on business, can account for the advantages of our administration and of the improvements to be introduced into Chinese government. Pin-Tchou is ac- companied by his son Kouang-Yag, and by three other literary or learned men, of dif- ferent ranks, and by an official interpreter, Mr. Bowra, formerly an officer in the British service. The Emperor has raised four gentlemen to the rank of senators. Two of them, M. Lacaze, formerly member of the Con- stituent Assembly, and M. Blondel, formerly Director of the Woods and Forests, were members of the Council of State. The third is General Mollard, who, after hav- ing been one of the most distinguished generals in the Piedmontese service, entered that of France at the period of the annexion of Savoy, and became aide-de camp to the Emperor ; lastly, Count Bacciochi, a less than mediocre personage, whose distant relation- ship to the Emperor, in default of any other merit, has obtained for him a quantity of places and pensions. There have been several nominations to the Institute ; in the Academy of Sciences (Geographical and Na- vigation section) we have M. Dupuy de Lôrne one of our most celebrated engineers, director general of naval building yards, one of the men who have the most contributed to the revolution effected in the construction of ships of war and iron-plated vessels. In the Academy of Fine Arts, we learn the nomination of M. Gounod, the author of " Faust," of the " Doctor in Spite of Himself," of the " Queen of Sheba," &c.; The musical section of the Academy consists of six places, occupied by Auber, who succeeded in 1829 to Gossoc, Carafa, 1837 (to Lesueur), Ambrose Thomas 1811 (to Spontini), Reber. 1813 (to Onslow] Berlioz, 1816 (to Adam). The sixth place, to which M. Gounod has just been named, was occupied successively by Mehul (1795), Boiel- dieu (1817), Rieoha (1834), Halevy (1836) Clapisson (1814). The Academy of Moral and Political Sciences underwent a slight internal revolu- tion. An Imperial decree has suppressed, in accordance with the deliberations of the academy itself, the 5th section (politics) whose members have been nominated to the other sections. Habent et sua fata libelli. Three works, very different in every respect, but each, in its kind well calculated to attract public atten- tion, have recently appeared—Victor Hugo's Travailleurs de la Mer ; the Apostles, by M. Renan ; and the second volume of the History of Julius Casar. Neither in point of success nor of efficiency can we compare the Tra- vailleurs de la Mer with the Miserables, the Apostles to the Life of Jesus, nor the last to the first volume of the History of Julius Caesar. The noise made about them to-day seems silence itself compared to the noise heretofore. As for the Apostles, we may assert that the sub ject does not offer the same hold to polemical discussion or to scandal as the Life of Jesus, and the Catholic party, now better enlight- ened as to its interests, abstains from honour- ing by its opposition, the new work of M. Renan, as it involuntarily honoured the former one. As for the second volume of the Life of Julius Caesar, its inferiority in the eye of the public may be said to consist in its being a second volume, and, consequently without a preface. Nevertheless, even though we limit ourselves to considering it as a mere historical narrative, the fresh volume (com- prising, as it does, the entire series of events from the nomination of Caesar to the govern- ment of Gaul, till the passage of the Rubicon) of itself, and independently of any applica- bility to men or things in our day, would, at any other moment than this, have claimed a large share of public attention. But at the present moment curiosity is directed else- where. Happy the authors who can wait for more favourable occasions, and appeal from the absent minded public of to-day to the calmer and more contemplative public of to- morrow. But what terms can we find to sympathise with the unlucky artists who see the period of the exhibition passing away, and successive groups taking up their station opposite their Venuses, their nymphs, and their landscapes, to talk about Bismarck or Garibaldi's volunteers ? The Fine Arts Ex- bibition opened, as usual, on the 1st May. Nearly 2,000 pictures, 1,614 drawings, 409 pieces of sculpture, 151 engravings, constitute the stock of the Exhibition of 1866. Archi- tecture and lithography swell the total number of works of art to 3,297. The decrease in their number of late years is still more remarkable this year It is evident that artists have reserved them- selves for 1867. The ensemble of this year's exhibition is of a very mediocre character ; neither great battles, nor portraits of the Emperor or Empress, nor cardinals' purple robes, nor bishops' violet soutanes. The Exhibition is neither martial nor clerical, and is, like the state of affairs, neither peace nor war. One picture might very properly be hung at the doors—a scene from the his- tory of Bluebeard, with the words, " Sister Anne, sister Anne, do you see anything coming?" We must, however, make an ex- ception in favour of R. Fleury's picture, entitled, "Warsaw on the 8th April, 1861." A crowd of about 4,000 persons, amongst whom a great number of women and children, on their knees, surrounded the column of Sigismond, on the place or square in front of the palace. The troops hemmed in this throng on all sides, and fired. In the fore- ground, monks, armed with the crucifix, make a rampart of their bodies to protect those behind them. Through the smoke of the mus- ketry we can discern the blood of the wounded ; the desperate attitude of the patriot, who meet death standing up ; ex- piring women whose prayers are offered up for Poland. The picture is quite of a sensa- tional character, and very effective. THE UNIVERSAL EXHIBITION OF 1867. Reports were spread to the effect that it was to be deferred on account of the unsettled state of Europe. The Moniteur of yesterday declares that these reports are unfounded, and that the exhibition will be opened on the day originally fixed. The preparations are pushed on with such vigour that we cannot doubt but that all will be ready in time. The fine arts and the archaeological galleries will be placed at the disposal of expositors next September, and all the others will be ready before the end of the year. The Per- sian section of the exhibition will be one of the most remarkable, if we are to judge by the decoration of the façade, a drawing of which has been shown to me, and which realises the splendour of Oriental tales. Arms, costumes, carpets, paintings on enamel, constitute the principal objects exhibited by Persia. There will be a kiosque and a re- freshment room, got up in Persian fashion. Opposite will be the Chinese and Japanese Exhibition. The Chinese Government was the only one which declined accepting the in- vitation of the French Government to take part in the Exhibition; but private enter- prise, and the individual energy of subjects of the Celestial Empire, acting of their own accord, will suffice amply to fill up the blank. As for Japan, Chibala, the Envoy Extraordi- nary from the Tycoon, on occasion of his visit to France, came to an understanding with the commissary-general, and the in- dustry of his country will be brilliantly represented. There will be Chinese and Japanese refreshment rooms, and Chinese and Japanese young ladies will preside at the counter, attired in the costume of their country. But the park—the park outside the build- ing—will be the great attraction, the unique attraction. It will contain model public, private, agricultural, and manufacturing buildings. There is to be a Chinese porce- lain tower, a bazaar, a Chinese tavern ; a Japanese bamboo-house, kiosques, and a hunting-lodge of Prince Stazomz Persia will have an opium manufactory. Egypt will send a pavilion of the Viceroy, and different kinds of houses; Tunis and Morocco will follow the example ; Italy will exhibit Neapolitan houses, the states of the church, the products of the excavations at the Mount Aventine. After that, Nor- wegian, American-Indian, African cabins, Russian and Spanish cottages, German farm houses, subterranean stables, euch as are used in the Turkish Principalities, &c.; There will be also model dwellings for the working classes, bakehouses, coachbuilding manufac- tories, printing-houses, diamond- cutting es- tablishments, hot houses, a crystal palace, a botanical diorama, aquariums, photographic pavilions, theatres, &c.; You perceive that the organisers of the Exhibition have taken for their motto the well-known advice of the Latin poet, and that on all sides the useful will bo joined to the agreeable, utile dulci. THE LATE CRISIS. (rROM THE TIMES OP THE 18m MAY.) The political crisis in the colony of Victoria has entered upon a new phose. The second rejection of the Tariff Bill, with the Appro- priation Bill attached to it, by tho Legislative Council, was followed by a second dissolution, and an appeal to the country. Eirly In the present year a new Assembly was convoked, and a new Tariff Bil], passed by a majority of fifty- eight out of Beventy eight members, was sent up to the Legislative Council ; this time without any appropriation clauses. It 6eems to have differed in some other respects from its predecessors, and especially in the language of its preamble, and in the omission of cer- tain provisions which sanctioned retrospec- tively the illegal collection of customs under mere voteB of the Assembly. It was, however, again thrown out on March 13 by the Legis- lative Council, on the ground that it still embodied unconstitutional assumptions on the part of the Lower House, and, in particular, purported to repeal the gold duty, over which the Council claims to have co- ordinate power with the Assembly, The Ministry, of which Mr. M'Cuiloch was the head, thereupon resigned, and Mr. Fellows, a member of the Council, was requested by Sir CharleB Darling to form another. His task was rendered tue more difficult by a motion carried in the House of Assembly on the 17th of March by a majority of more than two to 1 one. This resolution condemned in emphatic I terms the opposition of the Connell to the will of the people, as expressed at two general elections, and pledged the Assembly to Insist upon the adoption of the Bill of Supply in its revised foim. Thus fettered, Mr. Fellows has failed to form an Administration, and when the mail left it was very doubtful whether Sir Chnrles Darling would be able to procure the assistance of any responsible ad- visers. It is reported that he had refused to comply with the conditions required by Mr. Fellows, and if these conditions are correctly stated, he could hardly have acted otherwise. He was, in fact, requested to throw upon the retiring Ministers the responsibility of obtaining a vote of supply for the benefit of their successors, ona to authorise the latter beforehaud to dissolve the Assembly in case of Its being refused. Such a demand, if really made, wus properly resisted, but the continued paralysis of legislative action may entail serious inconvenience on the colony So long as it lasts no money can be legally raised or expended for ony public purpose, the salaries of civil servants, if not the pay of the troops, must be suspended, public works must be arrested, and business materially im- peded. It will not surprise ns to hear that Governor Darling, thuB driven toextremities, has again resorted to some irregular expedient for meeting the exigencies of the public ser- vice, notwithstanding the instructions con- tained in Mr. Cardwell's despatch of Novem- ber 27. On the other hand, if the dead-lock should have been prolonged for a few weeks after the date of our correspondent's letter, Mr. Cardwell's subsequent despatch, relieving him of his duties, will have been received at Melbourne. This intervention may, perhaps, have produced the desirable effect of creating a lull favourable to a compromise between the two branches of the Legislature. The more closely we examine the history of this untoward controversy the more impolitic does the conduct of Sir Charles Darling ap- pear to have been. Up to the 25th of August last, when the Customs Bill tacked on to the Appropriation Bill had just been rejected by the Council, the Governor adhered strictly to constitutional rules. Had he maintained that attitude, and resolutely kept aloof from a conflict to which the Crown was no party, we cannot doubt that it would have termi- nated as contests between the two Houses have always terminated in this country. The art of conciliation and the virtue of forbear- ance are not indeed much cultivated in our colonial Parliaments ; but after the verdict of public opinion had once been pronounced, the Council would probably have deferred to it, had they not been conscious of the advan- tage afforded to them by Sir Charles Darling's arbitrary proceedings. The Council is itself elective, and though much less democratic, is hardly less popular in its character than the Legislative Assembly. The property qualifi- cation of its thirty members, as well as of their constituents, is higher, and they are capable of retaining their seats for ten yearns, subject to a provision for the retirement of six every two years ; but they constitute neither an hereditary nor an official aris- tocracy. They profess to have been ac- tuated throughout by a simple desire to preserve the rights and privileges entrusted to them, nor is there any good reason to ques- tion their sincerity. At all events, the Go- vernor, in concert with his Ministers and a majority of the Lower House, placed himself so entirely in the wrong as inevitably to place his opponents in the right. By setting at de- fiance the decision of the Supreme Court, and levying taxes contrary to law, by contracting loans without lawful authority and on the security of judgments obtained in collusive actions against himself, and by appropriating part of the sums thus raised at his own dis- cretion, he violated some of the most elemen- tary principles of Parliamentary government. From this false position he afterwards to some extent receded, but he had already forfeited the confidence of the Council, which thence- forth became naturally hostile to himself and his Ministry. That no injustice was done him by identifying his policy with theirs is evident from the expressions quoted from his own despatch in that of Mr. Cardwell, which conveyed his recall. It appears that he not only justified every "so- called Illegal act " done by their advice, but stated that he should himself have been prepared to go further—that he should not have scrupled to withdraw Government de- posits from any bank that had refused a loan, and that, but for special circumstances, he would have removed from office certain per- sons who afterwards petitioned Her Majesty against his measures. To appreciate the impropriety and danger of this course, we have only to imagine a similar or analogous collision to have occurred between our own two Houses, and the part here played by Sir Charles Darling to have been played by an English Sovereign. If the parallel fails at all, it surely does not fail in his favour, for it would be strange indeed if the represent- atives of sovereignty in a colony were en- titled to assume prerogatives which no monarch since Charles I. has arrogated in the mother country. After all that has passed, no enviable duty will devolve upon the new Governor, but we are far from despairing of constitutional go- vernment in Victoria. It would be very easy to exaggerate the depth to which these party struggles penetrate in a society which values its material prosperity more than any poli- tical theory. In this consist both the strength and the weakness of colonial institutions. The politicians, as a class, are not equal in education or high principle to our own states- men and members of Parliament, but their influence is proportionably less. The inde- pendent merchants, tradesmen, farmers, and gold-diggers, who will suffer indirectly by the standstill of legislation, will not long submit with patience to any such inconvenience for the sake of a technicality. If they have not before this brought pressure enough to bear on the Legislature to enforce concessions from both sides, they will rally round a judi- cious governor who is above colonial parti- sanship. Tho Anglo-Saxon character trans- planted to a fresh soil, and relieved from the restraints and associations of England, may lose some of its more attractive qualities, but it retains its capacity of self-government. This capacity has been amply shown, as Mr. Childers truly says, in the brief history of Victoria, and, unless we are greatly deceived, it will triumph over these difficulties without anything like a revolution. (FROM THE TIMES, MAY 21.) It was the pride and boast of the Roman colonies that each was a copy or miniature of the Imperial Republic—tanquam Populi Romani effigies parvæ simulacraque. The resemblance, indeed, was almost perfect in respect of external forms ; the Senate, the Consuls, and other august features of the Roman Constitution, had their counterparts in every petty town which claimed the pri- vileges of a colony, and the veteran on the banks of the Orontes or the Danube was theoretically entitled to the same municipal franchises and civil rights as he would have possessed at Rome. Yet not a single member of this vast colonial empire, embracing as it did the most famous and prosperous cities of the ancient or modern world, ever acquired an independent political life of its own so long as it remained under the Roman do- minion. It was otherwise in the Greek colonies; but these were not dependencies in any practical sense, and were bound to their "metropolis" only by ties of religion and sentiment. The colonies of modern European states were originally mere "plantations" or outlying territories of the mother country, administered by a succession of officials commissioned from home. The Dutch colonies are still governed very nearly upon this system, and the French province of Algeria is virtually under mili- tary rule. One nation alone In the history of colonisation has shown itself capable of founding free communities, invested with the amplest powers of self government, yet own- ing a more than nominal allegiance to impe- rial sovereignty. Such political experiments as are now being conducted, upon the whole with conspicuous success, in Canada, Aus- tralia, and other British settlements, are absolutely without parallel. No principles or rules borrowed from the past can be applied to them with safety, for the conditions are entirely new. There is no precedent or analogy which justifies us in predicting that Australia will break off her connexion with Great Britain and become a federal republic within one generation, or within more than one century. It may be so, or it may not, but for the present we believe that a proposal to substitute a president for Queen Victoria would be unanimously rejected by our fellow subjects in Australia. Like the Roman colonists, they are proud of having institutions modelled upon those of the old country, while, unlike the Roman colonists, they enjoy complete liberty of action in all matters of internal policy, without the re- sponsibilities and burdens of foreign policy. It is this enviable kind of dependence, however, which sometimes makes the position of Aus- tralian governors so difficult as to be almost untenable. Without the prestige or popularity of an hereditary sovereign, and without the power usually vested in elective chief magis- trates, they have to preside, in a representa- tive capacity, over what is really a democracy, though it recognises the paramount suze- rainty of a distant monarchy. We publish to-day a correspondence between Sir Charles Darling and a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria, which throws some light on this weak point in colonial government. It will be remembered that a Tariff Bill had twice been tacked by the As- sembly to the Appropriation Bill, and twice rejected by the Council. A dissolution fol- lowed, and the new Assembly sent up the obnoxious Tariff Bill by itself, but in a shape that led to its rejection for a third time by the same body. The Ministry, of which Mr. McCulloch was the head, then resigned, and the Governor applied to Mr. Fellows, who had moved the amendment against the bill in the Council, Mr. Fellows replied that in the event of its being found impossible " to form a Ministry composed of gentlemen holding protectionist opinions," he would en- deavour to do so, but on condition that a vote of the Legislative Assembly for defraying the current expenses of Government should first, be procured. He subsequently intimated to the Governor that, in case such a vote should not be passed, he should not be prepared to accept office, unless the Governor would undertake to dissolve the Assembly. Now, in order to understand the effect of this re- quisition, we must recur to the original sub- ject of dispute between the two Houses. The Assembly was bent on carrying a certain tariff in a certain form, and, to compel its adoption by the Council, refused to make any provision for the public service till It became law. In the first instance they attempted to secure this object by annexing it to the Ap- propriation Bill, and afterwards by post- poning the latter until the former should be secure. By passing the Appropriation Bill first they would manifestly have lost their advantage, and yet this seems to have been the very course on which Mr. Fellows insisted. Sir Charles Darling, who had identified himself throughout with the retiring Ministry, representing the ma- jority of the Assembly, could hardly be ex- pected to make a proposal of this kind to them, even if it had been consistent " with any semblance of constitutional observance," which, as be justly stated, it was not. So far, we think the Governor was in the right ; nor can we blame him for expressing reluctance to dissolve a third time within two months of a general election. By alleging, however, that Mr. McCulloch, being " politically unable" to obtain supplies from the Assembly to carry on his own government, could not be requested to obtain them for his successors, he somewhat misrepresented the facts of the case, Mr. McCulloch and his colleagues were not so much " politically unable" as person- ally unwilling to introduce an Appropria- tion Bill into the Assembly, which might thus have terminated the deadlock in a moment. Mr. Fellows had a fair right to charge them with deliberately abstaining from asking for supplies, "and, as many be- lieve, for the purpose of using the distress and inconvenience which are thus caused to the Government contractors and public servants as an argument against the proceedings of the Legislative Council." If it be true, as Mr. Fellows proceeds to assert, that during the last session the Assembly, acting under the advice of Mr. McCulloch, declined an offer from the Council to refer the matter "to the adjudication of Imperial authorities," it certainly goes far to warrant the unfavour- able inferences which he draws as to the mo- tives of his opponents. It is interesting to observe that both par- ties equally appeal to the practice of our own Parliament. " In no instance within the last two centuries," says Mr. Fellows, "has an Appropriation Act been refused by the House of Commons, even when a large majority of that House have been opposed to the Ministry." On the other hand, Mr. McCulloch's party confidently quote Mr. May's treatise to prove that if the Council were allowed tho right which they claim, of regulating the gold duty jointly with the Assembly, the exclusive control over taxation, so jealously guarded by our own House of Commons, would be lost by the popular branch of the Australian Legisla- ture. So true is Hallam's remark, that although the functions of the two Houses in respect of money bills were supposed to have been settled long ago, " the embers of that fire may not be so wholly extinguished as never again to show some traces of its heat." The Parliamentary controversies of Charles II's reign are now revived in Australia, but the spirit of compromise which has prevented a serious collision between the Lords and Commons has yet to be developed in colonial society. Constitutional government is not so easy as it looks; the smooth and noiseless movements of its machinery are the result of long use and repeated adjustments. Such a misunderstanding as now paralyses legislative action at Melbourne would have been over- come here at the outset, and must be over- come there, if at all, by friendly conferences between the two chambers and the concilia- tory influence of public opinion. THE REFORM DEBATE.—DEMO- CRACY IN AUSTRALIA. In the House of Commons, on April 26th, in the course of the memorable debate on the English reform measure, a speech was deli- vered by Mr. Childers, so abounding in refer- ences to Australian political affairs that we give it at length. It is as follows :— Mr. CHILDERS—I hope that I need not apologise to the House for intruding myself upon them in the present discussion. I have only once previously spoken upon questions of popular representation ; but I may, I think, be excused if I do in the present in- stance, because not only the county from which I came, and where I represent a borough (Pontefract) containing a consi- derable number of the working-classes, has expressed itself more strongly, I believe, than any other county on the subject, but also because I spent several years of my life in one of the most flourishing of our colonies, I mean Victoria, which has been alluded to both this evening and in previous debates. I trust that as one who took some share in the government of that colony, and who had a part in the preparation of the Constitution Act under which her Government is now regulated, I may be allowed to set the House right with respect to some erroneous statements which have never yet received any answer. I shall have to speak of the Australian colonies generally, but I wish to allude specially to the colony of Victoria, as the one of which I have the greatest personal knowledge. My right hon. friend the member for Calne (Mr. Lowe), in alluding to that colony, said that he himself, to whom the colonies owed so much in the shape of re- sponsible government, would wish that that responsible government could be taken away, relegating them in fact to that former state of things of which he himself was one of the most indefatigable denouncers. In the debate last year he also said, " Look at Aus- tralia. There universal suffrage was conceded suddenly, and the working classes imme- diately availing themselves of it, became masters of the situation. Nobody else has a shadow of power." Since then he had told the House that "at last the system turned out so badly that in Australia they had been driven to appoint the Executive for a number of years certain." (Mr. LOWE.—" No, no.") If my right hon. friend repudiates the last statement, which I am reading from the published report of his speech, I shall, of course, dwell upon it no further ; but, as to none but working men having a shadow of power, I must call his attention to the fact that the two colonies to which he referred has had at their head very able men during the last ten years. The Prime Minister of New South Wales is Mr. Charles Cowper. (Mr. LOWE.—" No, no.") I may correct my- self by saying that the Government of that colony has within the last month or two undergone a change ; but at its head, for by far the greater portion of the last ten years, was Mr. Cowper. Again, the virtual head of the Government of Victoria is the Minister of Justice, Mr. Archibald Michie. When my right hon. friend was a public man in Aus- tralia, Mr. Michie and Mr. Cowper were his in- timate political allies. I will now turn to the hon. member for Galway (Mr. Gregory), who, in calling the attention of the House last year to the condition of the Australian colonies, said— "So determined are they in Victoria to maintain a protective system, that they would not allow a bill to pass Intended to remedy the inequality of the sexes." Which meant that they were such deter- mined protectionists as even to protect ser- vant girls against cheaper labour. The answer to that statement, however, is that this democratic Legislature had passed a law under which a fixed portion of the land revenue is annually appropriated to the pur- poses of immigration. My hon. friend also read the following letter :— "You know what sort of men Haines, Sladen, Farie, Sturt, Stawell, McKnlght, and others of the same stamp are. Well, under vote by ballot and universal suffrage there is not one of these, except Haines (and some men always get in), that would have a ghost of a chance with the lowest ruffian ; and he appealed to the hon. member for Salisbury whether that was a correct representation of the facts. (Mr. Marsh.-—'Hear, hear.')" Well, Sir, I happen to know both the writer and receiver of that letter, and I am sure my hon. friend quoted it in good faith. But what aro the facts? My lamented friend Mr. Haines was long a member of the Legislative Assembly under the present suffrage, and died a member of the Council. Mr. Sladen was a colleague of mine, and a member of the Assembly, and is now a member of the Coun- cil. The two gentlemen next named had I been holding, before and since the establish- ment of responsible government, offices dis- qualifying men from becoming members of the Legislature. Sir William Stawell, the fifth named, is the present Chief Justice of the colony, and when a colleague of mine in 1856, was returned at the head of the poll under household suffrage, by the constituency of Melbourne, then the most democratic in Victoria. Indeed, I have no doubt that if he ceased to be Chief Justice he would be re- turned again now. The last-named gentle- man is a country farmer, whom I have never heard of as ambitious of public life. When this sort of statement was made in this House, and extracts from newspapers, or anonymous letters, are produced as proofs of the state of the colonies, I think the House should pause before giving credence to them. My hon. friend the member for Salisbury (Mr. Marsh) said last year, in reference to Australia — " In Australia it is sought to have the rules of trade enforced by law. Recent intelli- gence stated that a deputation from the iron trade had urged upon the Government the desirability of adopting the eight hours' movement among those engaged in that trade at Melbourne . . . . Looking, on the other hand, to Australia, where he had many very dear friends, with a beautiful country and an unrivalled climate, what did he find to be the case? Corruption of the grossest kind prevailed in the political sys- tem. At one time certain persons in the colony wished to carry a particular point ; they accordingly raised a large sum, and went round to those members of the Assembly who they heard were determined to vote against the project, and to some of them they gave £10, while the greatest patriot of all found his patriotism oozing out of his fingers' ends on being offered a sum of £750. Again, a scene in tho House was thus described :—' While all Melbourne was absorbed in a cricket match, a furious debate was taking place in the House on the motion of Mr. Barton, that a sum of money should be placed on the Estimates for the payment of members.' 'All disguise,' the narrative went on to state, 'as to the motives of the mover and his friends was cast off. It was explicitly de- clared that the popular members could not live without appropriating the public money.' " I have made inquiries as to these allegations, and I find that in Victoria no such thing ever happened as an attempt to enforce the rules of trade by law, or systematically to bribe members. It is true that a proposal was made that members should be paid as in Canada ; but, unfortunately for those popu- lar members who are described as unable to live without public money, it was not suc- cessful. I do not pretend for a moment to say that all the legislation of the colony and parts of its constitution are exactly such as I should have chosen. I used to belong to a political party which has not always had its way since; and some parts of our successors' policy were very different from ours. But I most distinctly state that the finance of the colony stands as high as that of any country in the world ; that the colony has never bor- rowed one shilling of money except for re- productive public works; and the only operation applied to the debt is the same as the Chancellor of the Exchequer Is anxious to apply to the debt of this country—namely, the operation of paying it off as rapidly as possible. I have heard it stated that the interests of religion are neglected; but the fact is that an ample and liberal provision is made by that democratic colony for public worship. Then it is said that education is neglected. Why, the votes for public educa- tion in the colony would shame this House. The right hon. member for Calne (Mr. Lowe) who has done so much for education, will remember the opposition his educational pro- posals met with in Australia, and no doubt be will be glad to know that, under the Con- stitution of which he spoke to-night, his views have been carried out to the utmost, and that a thorough and complete system or common schools, supported by payment for results, is in force in Victoria. Then it must be borne in mind that these colonies do not cost this country one shilling for their defence ; and, as the noble lord the member for Haddington- shire (Lord Elcho) will be glad to hear, they have established a most admirable volunteer force—far larger in proportion to population than that at home. I have heard to-night that these democratic colonies commit one great atrocity—they have abandoned the great palladium ot free-trade, which has been the glory and salvation of this country. Well, it is a bold thing to talk in this House of free- trade being the glory of the country when It is remembered that a little more than twenty years ago there was a great majority in Par- liament in favour of protection, and that when my right hon. friend was in Australia one of the horrors of democratic institutions here was that they would bring about free-trade. But there is, in fact, by no means a uniform opinion on the part of the working-men in these colonies in favour of protection. No doubt, at the last election in Victoria a pro- tectionist majority was returned. About 51,000 electors voted—28,000 in favour of pro- tection, and 23,000 in favour of free-trade candidates. But democratic Melbourne returned six members, and its principal suburb, St. Kilda, two ; and six of these eight members are free-traders. To a large extent the protectionist members were returned by agricultural constituencies. It is true that a certain portion of the working classes have imbibed protectionist doctrines ; but it is also true that the great majority or almost the whole of the agricultural classes have ad- hered to protection, and it is to this combina- tion with the farming interest that the pro- tectionist success is due. I therefore do not think that there is much force in the attack on this democratic colony, on the ground of its being in favour of protection. I trust I have not wearied the House by say- ing these few words on behalf of a colony which I believe to be firmly attached to the British Crown and to this country, and which has always been foremost to give assistance, when assistance such as they could give was required. Let it be remembered that these de- mocratic colonies contributed more to the Pa- triotic Fund, the Mutiny Fund, and the Scot- land and Ireland Relief Funds, than the rest of the world together. Having said this much in reference to the colonies. I will proceed to say a few words on the arguments against the bill before the House, Two questions have been much mixed up in the course of the debate ; they are, indeed, perfectly distinct questions, yet they have been so intermingled that it is extremely difficult to separate them. The first question is, whether the bill is in itself a good one, and such as ought to be accepted ; and the second is, whether, in the words of the amendment, something more ought not to be done. So that the supporters of the bill are in this difficulty—that hon. members can vote for the amendment either upon the ground that they do not like the bill or, because liking it, they also approve of the amendment; and this state of things makes it very difficult to follow the arguments against the bill. The noble lord who moved the amendment directed his observations almost entirely to the faults of the bill—the noble lord who followed him, almost entirely to the virtues of the amendment. My right hon. friend addressed himself to the question of the fitness of the present and future electors; and the member for Belfast made it a question of the figures of the return, which he analysed for a whole hour. Ac- cording to one, electoral qualification is a mere means to an end ; according to another, it is all a question of fitness, to be determined by some complicated manner, such as is proposed by the member for Hull. One speaker reduced It to a mere question of consistency. The right hon. gentleman the member for Stroud (Mr. Horsman) has defied any one to say that he had ever changed any of his opinions during the last thirty years. That, certainly, is rather a bold challenge, and I dare say some one will take it up. But, after all, what is it worth ? What is the value of this great doctrine of con- sistency ? In my humble view, the science of politics would be at the lowest ebb if we were to reduce everything to this formula. What were any man's opinions when he was a lad of twenty? What did I think thirty years ago? and if I can prove that I never varied from my opinions, then am I a great statesman? That is not the way in which Englishmen treat a great question. Instead of that being the rule, the reverse is the rule : we endeavour to learn by experience. Those who learn day by day, and have the courage to say so, are the greatest statesmen. Why does the member for Buckinghamshire lead 300 gentlemen on the other side of the House ? Because he has had the courage to let his opinions be moulded by experience. Why does my right hon. friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer lead 300 gentlemen on this side of the House ? Because he has had the courage to follow his convictions. And why does the right hon. gentleman the member for Stroud lead his party of only two? Because he never has had the courage to change his mind, and because his greatest boast is that he still entertains the opinions he held thirty years ago. But we have had another episode on consistency. The member for Calne (Mr. Lowe), it is said, has always been consistent ; and the noble lord the member for Hadding- tonshire (Lord Elcho) has produced himself as a sort of witness to character. On the subject of the right hon. gentleman's con- sistency, the noble lord has told us a very curious story. He said that in 1854, when Lord Aberdeen's Reform Bill was before the House, his right hon. friend and himself used to walk home from their offices and discuss the £6 borough franchise, and they arrived at this strange conclusion—that, holding office under Lord Aberdeen, they would vote in favour of the second reading, but that if the bill went Into committee they would throw up their offices and vote against the clause ! That is a most curious way of prov- ing consistency. Because two gentlemen had determined, without notice to their col-, leagues, to leave office and break up the Go- vernment if the bill they supported on the second reading got into committee their conduct is to be held up to the admiration of that House ! But I must ask my noble friend why they are not both prepared to go through the same operation at the present moment ? Why not vote for the second reading of this bill, and when the bill goes into committee, if they have not offices to throw up, they might at all events vote against the £7 fran- chise? But if they were consistent in 1854 and in 1865, when they voted against the bill of the member for Leeds, they seem to forget what they have done in the interim. In 1859 the noble lord voted for the second reading of Lord Derby's bill ; but the right hon gentle- man voted against the second reading and In favour of a resolution declaring that it was necessary to reduce the borough franchise. After that, I think my noble friend ought not to have come into court to give the right hon. gentleman a character for consistency. On this great question of consistency, while I would be very tolerant of change, I think that hon. and right hon. gentlemen who do change their opinions ought to do so subject to two conditions; in the first place, they ought to be very frank and candid about them, not maintaining that they have always been consistent; and, secondly, they ought to be more tender and considerate to the feelings of those who do not happen to find it necessary, with the results of their experi- ence, to change their opinions. Take, for in- stance, my right hon. friend. He was so anxious to prove his consistency, that he endeavoured to convince the House a few nights since that he had only advocated a £10 suffrage in Aus- tralia. I will, however, quote his great speech at Sydney on the question :— " After the citizens of Sydney had done him the honour to elect him as their representa- tive, he had stated that he should always be ready to seek for an extension of the fran- chise . . . He could not bring his mind to the belief that universal suffrage would be beneficial . . . They (the meeting) did not ask for universal suffrage, and in all that they did ask he most cordially agreed, for he thought their demands very moderate. They did not even go so far as what was asked by their fellow-countrymen at home. A great and growing feeling in favour of household suffrage was spreading in Great Britain, and was warmly advocated in Parliament by Hume and Cobden, and by many other mem- bers of great weight and influence. . . . When he was elected he told them that he wished to see the working class powerful, . . . If he thought that the franchise could enable the working classes to saddle any of their burdens on the necks of the people at large he would oppose it. . . . He should say nothing about the effect of universal suffrago in France, although he could not agree that universal suffrage had altogether failed in France. The disasters which had be- fallen France had not arisen from universal suffrage. . . . He wished to give all classes power to make each dependent on the other, so that they might work together for the common good." I hope the right hon. gentleman will not think that, in quoting these sayings of his, I am doing him any injustice. The right hon. gentleman has quoted several speeches of statesmen in this country of many years ago. I do not think the right hon. gentleman in this respect did justice to himself, or to those from whom he now differed. Having in times pagt held very strong opinions, he now speaks of similar opinions held by the mem- ber for Birmingham—I will not say with a sneer, that would be unparliamentary—the right hon. gentleman never speaks with a sneer, but with derision. What were his opinions on the subject of our army ? I am about to refer to a speech in which he made a most determined and unflinching attack on Lord Grey, to whose opinions he now ap- pears to attach so much weight, and on Lord Russell's first Government—the speech in which he advised his fellow- citizens to look to America. He said.—" Allusion to America on this question has been deprecated." (Mr. Lowe.—When was that ? On the 18th June, 1849 " . . . . he could respect the feeling which induced such a remark, but he could not agree with it. He would not ask them to be rash, but he must remind them that they were in the beginning of a great struggle, and in order that they should go through that struggle successfully, he would have the ex- ample of America constantly in their n------ The injustice that was forced on the Ameri- cans was not half so great as that forced on this colony, and he therefore felt it his duty to tell them, if they would succeed at all, they must assure the Colonial Office con- tinually that they had the example of Ame- rica before them." And then going to the question of military affairs, he said :— " The parade of military protection was kept up because it provided berths for the sons and dependants of great men at home." I do not blame my right hon. friend for changing his mind. (Mr. Lowe.—" I have not changed my mind at all,") If so, my right hon. friend still thinks that military parade is kept up to provide berths for the sons of great men ; but, in any case, having himself made use of such language, he ought not to speak as he does of the opinions held by the member for Birmingham. My right hon. friend has spoken to-night of the importance and high character of this House, and I myself agree in every word that he has used on that point. My right hon. friend has also spoken almost with contempt of the character and conduct of legislative bodies elsewhere ; and he has described, not quite correctly, the Legislature of America, while he has expressed a wish to see responsible go- vernment swept away in our colonies. Well, what was the language held by my right hon. friend with respect to the British House of Commons ? He had said this of it :— " It was the vis inertiæ—the blind, ignorant, besotted stupidity of the large majorities of the English Parliament that had rendered the superior intelligence of a portion of no avail. What was it but this besotted stu- pidity, this adherence, for the sake of adher- ence, to the solemn wisdom of our ancestors, that had retarded the progress of measures of enlightenment and humanity, which the higher intelligence of England had long ago decided on ? Long after the minds of those British people were made up, this benighted majority resisted all improvement, and years—ten, twenty years—elapsed before the Corn-law Repeal Bill could be passed in the British Parliament, although out of doors public opinion was almost unanimously decisive about it." It was the reformed Parliament which is now described as such a paragon of virtue, and whose merit is that it has repealed the corn laws, that my right hon. friend characterised as "blind, ignorant, besotted, and stupid." After quoting these former opinions of my right hon. friend, I am entitled to say that he ought now to speak a little more tenderly of others who might also have changed theirs, or who had here or there used language no more violent than his own. I listened to my right hon. friend's speech this evening with, very great interest as an intellectual effort, be- cause, although long, it seemed to me to be a speech of great power, and one in which had been concentrated during two hours every- thing that had been said at any time against the progress of constitutional principles. But let any one quietly analyse that very elaborate speech, which must, no doubt, have taken my right hon. friend many anxious hours for its preparation. ("Oh.") I hope I am not say- ing anything disrespectful of that speech, which I honestly admired, and which I fol- lowed with sincere attention, never interrupt- ing it for a moment. But let me just remind the House of one or two of the principles which my right hon. friend enunciated. One of them was—and I took the words down that " the franchise should be be arranged as never to be given to any one not fit for it." But my right hon. friend had altogether omitted to explain how it would be possible to frame such a franchise as would exclude everybody who might be unfit to exercise it. My right hon. friend himself admitted, that a very large portion of the existing con- stituency, namely, the occupiers between £10 and £20, whom he knew so well, and called by such hard names, included a mass of people who are unfit to exercise the franchise; and therefore if the suffrage is to be " so arranged as never to be given to anyone not fit for it," we must not stop at £10, but must go higher, and revise the Reform Act of 1832, with a view to eliminate these unfit persons. It would be only fair to give my right hon. friend, who, not being in office, has plenty of time on his hands, an opportunity of elabo- rating an amended Reform Bill, embodying his own avowed principles ; and if he ever succeeds in submitting to them such a per- fectly Utopian plan, the House will no doubt be ready to vote for It. Without entering further into my right hon. friend's argument to-night, all I would say is, that the broach- ing of so visionary a theory as this is should suffice to convince practical men that my right hon. friend's reasoning rests upon a radically unsound basis. I now come to the noble lord the member for King's Lynn (Lord Stanley), whose argument had been described as unanswerable. I think, however, that it can be answered in a few words by an autho- rity which the noble lord will accept—by the noble lord himself on a former occasion. The noble lord said the bill of the Government seemed to be founded upon a distrust of the House of Commons. And, speaking of the Government, he added— " They think that if two measures were brought forward at the same time, one of two things would happen—that the scheme for the re-distribution of seats, through not being sufficiently comprehensive, would disappoint and disgust some of the warmest supporters of the Government, and make them indiffer- ent to the fate of the whole bill ; or that if the scheme for disfranchisement were a large one, the members of those constituencies affected by it would be inclined to vote against both divisions of the bill, and thus the whole measure might be defeated." He said further— " For my part, I only wonder that a device so transparent should have been deemed to be worth the trouble of adopting. It seems to me to be, after all, very artless art." What does this amount to, but that the Go- vernment has brought forward a bill which is not a complete bill—that they have some- thing else behind—that they think they can pass that incomplete bill, and by that means get to the something else that is behind ? Now, there was a measnre brought forward in 1859 by Lord Derby's Government which was supposed to have been elaborated by and to owe a great deal of its character to one mem- ber who usually sits on the front bench oppo- site ; and it may be as well to read to the House how that member, whose authority will not be disputed, described the nature of the measure of 1859. After speaking of the large number of boroughs which it had been proposed at different times and by different Governments to affect in some way, either by taking away some of their members, or by grouping them together, he said— " I am not going to enter upon the argu- ment whether these small boroughs (50, 60, 70, or 80), whatever incidental advantages they may possess, ought or ought not to form a permanent part of our political system. I admit that it appears to me difficult, if not impossible, to defend them on grounds of principle as part of our Constitution. But I look at the matter in a practical point of view, and I ask if a larger measure of dis- franchisement had been contemplated in the present bill, what would have been the result? There would have been arrayed naturally agalnst this bill the representatives of those fifty or sixty small boroughs, who, combining with other opponents, would un- doubtedly have insured its rejection. I be- lieve that the practical difficulty arising from that opposition would have been fatal to the success of the hill, and as the object of the Government [he begged particular attention to this] was not to make, the best bill that could be framed, but the best that had a chance of passing this House, I contend that that fact Is in itself a sufficient vindication of the course we have followed." The member who used those words went on to explain the character of that plan of a uniform franchise in counties and boroughs which led to the secession of two right hon. gentlemen opposite from Lord Derby's Cabi- net, and he illustrated that at some length, concluding as follows : " But there is another point of view from which the question of identical suffrage in counties and boroughs may be considered. By adopting it as a principle the disfranchise- ment of small and decayed boroughs—ulti- mately inevitable as new towns arise to be represented—becomes at once less important and less difficult. Under a system of uniform suffrage the only result of disfranchisement; is to transfer the votes of the boroughs dis- franchised into the county. Both the de- mand for enfranchisement would be greatly diminished and the fear of disfranchisement greatly decreased, and thus a partial solution would be offered of a question which has given, and may again give, rise to a great deal of agitation." That is to say, that a member of Lord Derby's Government, who had so much to do with that bill, characterised it as having this effect —that there would be a nominal disfranchise- ment of small boroughs, whereas the disfran- chisement ought to have extended to fifty, sixty, seventy, or eighty, but that still the plan of an identical suffrage with a nominal re-distribution of fifteen seats, would render the future disfranchisement of these fifty, sixty, seventy, or eighty places less difficult. And who was the authority that spoke thus ? "Why, the noble lord the member for King's Lynn himself. But the noble lord the other \---ht also stated that the course now taken \-- the Government is opposed to the analogy of financial matters—that the Chancellor of the Exchequer never divides his financial measures into distinct parts. The noble lord was there quite in error. In some other countries, indeed, when the Finance Minister introduces his budget, he puts it before the Legislature as a whole. He places all the re- venue he expects to receive on the one side, and all the probable expenditure on the other, and he brings down the budget to the Cham- tier, and defends it entirely as one proposal. But that is not the English practice. Here the Secretary of State for War, the Secretary of the Admiralty, and the Secretary of the Treasury, each bring down their different Budgets of expenditure, independently of the budget of receipts, and these are gone through without any question being raised as to what will be the probable receipt from the malt tax, the spirit duty, or any other source of income. After the expenditure has been settled, then the Chancellor of the Exchequer comes down to the House with the budget of re- venue, and asks them to provide the means which he thinks necessary. So far, then, from the analogy of finance being opposed to the course taken by the Government in re- gard to the present bill, it is distinctly in ac- cordance with it. There is one principle which I undertake to say is an English principle, as opposed to a foreign principle. All the con- stitutions of foreign countries have been con- ferred in the shape of complete codes, and it seems to be the principle of their legislation to think about everything else when they make a single alteration ; but the English principle is just the reverse. If there is one principle dearer to English legislation than another it is simply this—that it is best to do one thing at a time. On the question of time, let me remind the House how long it took to carry it as a whole. I have referred to the debates in the years 1831 and 1832, and I find that to pass the three bills occupied 111 nights ; and that in addition to those 111 nights eighty more were partly taken up in subsidiary discussions on the subject—in other words, 191 discussions took place upon the Reform Bill in this House and the House of Lords before it became law. The present measure has been said to-night to be of equal magnitude and importance ; but is any mem- ber prepared to say that before the bill can pass this House and the House of Lords are to be occupied 191 nights upon it? There is another argument used by the right hon. baronet the member for Hertfordshire (Sir Bulwer Lytton) which I will touch upon. The right non. baronet, speaking of his own county, said that in it the tenant farmers could carry an election though they did not appear by the books to be much more than a third of the constituency, and that a class that had a third of a constituency had an election in its power. Now, this argument is altogether opposed to experience. How many tenant farmers, I would ask, sit in this House ? And I would ask, further, if in any case the interests of the tenant farmers and of the landowners were opposed, how many votes of county members would be given on behalf of the former? I will undertake to say that if the tenant farmers and the owners .of land should find themselves in opposition on any great public question, the support of tenant farmers would come from the borough members, especially from those on this (the Ministerial) side of the House, and that the county members on the other side would, with very few exceptions in- deed, be found in the lobby of those who supported the views of the owners of land. I think it is an undoubted axiom that no class can have predominance in this House unless it is able to return members of its own class ; and this is the practical answer to those who argue that the giving a third of the borough constituencies to the labouring class will give them a predominant power in this House. I think, also, that we have had a great deal too much of prophecy as to the inevitable results of this or that legislation. There are two ways of dealing with a great public question— you may argue from fact, and you may argue by prophecy. The argument from fact is somewhat dull at the moment, and it had this disadvantage—that it is easy to refute it is wrong ; but it has also the advantage that it remains. The argument from prophecy, on the other hand, has the advantage of being amusing—for we are all very much amused at hearing of the terrible things that are com- ing—and it has the second advantage, that it is impossible to refute it, though perhaps it has the disadvantage that it is not remem- bered much afterwards. Now, I will remind the House of the prophecies that were in- dulged in as to the result of the constitutional changes of 1832 ; and I may be allowed to call the opponents of the Reform Act of 1832 the Greater Prophets, while I am sure hon. gentle- men opposite will not be offended if I call them the Sons of the Prophets, or the Lesser Prophets, for they have given abundance of prophecies to justify that title. I will read two or three of the prophecies on the Reform Bill of 1832. Lord Ashburton, then Mr. Baring, made these remarks on that measure :— "He objected to the bill because of its de- mocratic tendency ; for if once it were carried into effect, they would have a King by name with less influence than a President of the United States; and a House of Lords so intimi- dated as that they would lose the whole of that wholesome influence to which their rank, their wealth, and inheritance so justly en- titled them. When the peerage once lost its influence, then would a democracy decidedly prevail." Sir James Scarlett says :— "If the bill were allowed to become law then the present form of government could not long exist—it must necessarily pass, and that by hasty strides, into a republic ; and the transit would be accompanied with the most calamitous consequences to the country. Yeart after year you would have some new inroad first on the church, then property, then the funds. How could you get law officers ? A man of such a mind could not stoop to the artifices of the hustings. How could he en- gage in an unpopular prosecution?" Lord Wynford gave the following opinion :— "If this bill passed into law it would de- stroy the landed interest entirely, and with the landed interest it would destroy also the interest of the Church." And Mr. Praed said :— " The House of Commons to be elected by the new measure would possess preroga- tives without power, and privileges without daring to exercise them. Sovereignty would be an empty name ; good order and govern- ment and an organised state of society un- meaning sounds." I will not quote any more of these individual expressions of opinion used in debate, but I will read the solemn protest, which was signed by seventy-four peers, against the second reading, for these were not mere words, but writing which remained. This was what they said of the Reform Bill :— " A preponderating influence in the election of the House of Commons is conferred upon the lowest class of inhabitants in towns. . . "The metropolis is virtually consigned to uni- versal suffrage. . . . The Government cannot fail to become a mere democracy, or if the name and form of a monarchy be preserved all that could give independence to the Sove- reign or protection to the subject will be really excluded." Is it possible to read again such language as this without a smile? I, on the other hand will say that, in spite of all the prophecies which have been uttered with regard to the present bill, I believe that it is the only real measure which can be expected to pass the House of Commons, or at any rate the only real measure which, if it passed the House we could expect to be cheerfully accepted by those for whose benefit it is intended. I am aware that the right hon. baronet the mem- ber for Hertfordshire has suggested that this more democratic representation should be given to a certain number of large consti- tuencies, and that the others should be left with their present suffrages, and that this is supposed to have been Sir James Mackintosh's opinion ; but that proposition has been en- tirely disposed of by the hon. and learned member for Belfast (Sir Hugh Cairns), to whose speech, in the debate on Lord Derby's Bill in 1859, I would refer the member for Hertfordshire. Let me also remind the House, that the intelligence of the country is not where it was You cannot cheapen the press by deliberate legislation, and then shrink from the consequences. When the Reform Act was passed newspapers were read by thou- sands or tens of thousands where millions read them now, and after having deliberately taken off the taxes on the press, in order that knowledge might be more generally diffused throughout the country, you cannot avoid following that up by an extension of electoral privileges. I will go further, and say that after having been for thirty years expending annually on the education of the people a sum which now amounts to between a mil- lion and a million and a half, you will have been throwing that money away, if, when education reaches the point it has, you turn round and say, " We have educated the people, we have given them every opportunity of improvement, and now we deny them the smallest increase of political power." The late Sir Robert Peel clearly foresaw the neces- sity of somesuch course as this bill proposes, for in the debate on the Reform Bill in 1831, he used these very strong expressions :— " Its great defect in my opinion is this— that it severs all connexion between the lower classes of the community and the direct representation in this House. I think it a fatal objection that every link between tho representative and the constituent body should be separated as far as regards the lower classes. What will be the effect of cutting off altogether the communication between this House and all that class of society which is above pauperism and below the arbitrary and impassable line of £10 rental ? Even if you were establishing a perfectly new system of representation, and were unfettered by the recollections of the past and by existing modes of society, would it be wise to exclude altogether the sympathy of this class—to subject a great, powerful, jealous, and intelli- gent mass of your population to the injury, ay, and to the stigma, of exclusion ? Let me remind the House, in conclusion, of what will happen when this debate comes to an end. We are not acting merely for the moment, and in giving our votes we do not take " after me the deluge," as our motto. I will suppose for a moment that the combi- nation which has taken place against the bill proves successful, and that the second reading is negatived. You, Mr. Speaker, will then put as a substantive motion the amendment, the terms of which are to the effect " that this House is ready to consider, with a view to its settlement, the question of Parliament- ary Reform." Now, what do these words mean? If they mean anything they mean that the House is ready to pass a comprehen- sive Reforrn Bill. But how can my right hon. friend, the member for Calne (Mr. Lowe) vote for such a resolution when he has been deny- ing the expediency of any extension of the suffrage, and when the very borough for which he sits is one of the greatest difficulties in dealing with a redistribution of seats? How, again, can the right hon. and gallant general, the member for Huntingdon (Gene- ral Peel), after praising the good old times of George III., declare by his vote that the House is ready to pass a comprehensive measure? And how can these hon. gentle- men opposite, who have cheered every senti- ment hostile to reform, vote with any con- sistency, not against the bill, but in favour of a comprehensive measure? Four Cabinets, consisting of the statesmen who represented every political party in the country, have failed in an attempt to pass a Reform Bill ; and now, when for the first time there is a chance of such a bill passing through Parlia- ment—now, when for the first time the Government pledged their existence on carry- ing such a bill—is it to be defeated by a com- bination which will fall to pieces in the very moment of its victory ? Such a result would be a great misfortune to this House and to the country. The desire of the country is that the question shall be settled. What the country is prepared to accept now as a settlement of the question is a much more moderate measure than what might be acceptable at a future time. If cheerfully given now, it will be us cheerfully accepted. But if the bill is to be upset by a combination which must fall to pieces at the moment of victory, the country may require at a future time a measure of a very different character to that now before the House. In such a case time is invaluable. The hon. baronet, the member for Stamford (Sir Stafford Northcote), concluded his speech with a motto. He said of the Reform Bill, Sat cito si sai bene—a good old motto of Lord Eldon, which I will cap with another, and I hope the House will take it to heart—Bis dat qui cito dat. THE ATLANTIC CABLE. (FROM THE DAILY NEWS.) The slender Birmingham wire, which we recently traced from its arrival at the gutta- percha works in the City-road through the various processes of manufacture, until it left Morden wharf, Greenwich, a complete sub- marine cable, is now being coiled at the rate of two miles an hour in the vast tanks of the Great Eastern. The Amethyst, hulk, which we saw receiving its precious freight the other day, is now moored alongside the great ship off Sheerness, while the Iris is being laden in her turn at Greenwich, and will supply the Amethyst's place directly the latter is emptied. Thus manufacture and stowage go on concurrently, and at the moment one part of the great wire is receiving its elementary coating of Chatterton's compound, or perhaps being spun at Birmingham, other portions are being laid down in the great ship ready for the final and momentous paying out. Standing on the deck of the Great Eastern, a few yards from its stern, you see the cable slowly pass up the ship's side, and over a series of wheels and pulleys, all inge- niously constructed and carefully watched, and follow it under its covered way until it disappears into the large wooden hut erected for its reception. This hut is the size of a moderate barn, and is the deck covering of the aft tank. Entering by its doorway, you look into a yawning, dimly-lighted cir- cular gulf, the bottom of which seems to be composed of light oak, symmetrically turned. The uniformity of the slightly corrugated circles within circles—the mathematical exactitude with which each appears to fit into and be part of its neighbour—the seem- ing solidity and unity of the great whole—all speak of the lathe ; and it is only when the eye has become, as it were, acclimatised to the pale glimmer of the swinging lamps below that the silent white figures squatted at regu- lar intervals, and moving noiselessly around, are seen to be cablemen, and the apparent wood carving to be the cable. The external distinction between last year's electric rope and this is now seen to be very marked—the absence of the tarry coating, and the clean, substantial look of the Manilla strand, giving an impression of mingled strength and duc- tility which is auspicious in itself. It may be repeated that this year's galvanisation of the outer protecting wires affords all the security against corrosion given by the final coat of tar formerly applied, while in the event of an unlucky bit of wire defying precaution and finding its way into the tank, the chances of its sticking in the rope are sensibly diminished, through the latter being re- pellently yielding instead of glutinously ad- hesive. Very gradually and regularly are the circles within circles increased. No word is spoken as the rope slowly passes the officer on guard at what we may call the top officer on guard at what wo may call tbe top story of the tank, and is received by two of the white figures below. These march slowly round, handling the gracefully descending coil as tenderly as if it were alive, and under the close and constant inspection of the officer on guard below pass it to other white figures, who, with equal tenderness, fit it into and steady it in its appointed place. Thus ring after ring is formed ; each layer beginning with the large outer circle of the tank Itself, and ending with the centre framework of wood, which is its bull's-eye, and serves to " shore-up" and keep all steady. Every man entering the tank is searched before going in, puts on the nailless gutta percha shoes provided by the company, and goes through his work of cable stowing under the con- stant and watchful supervision of tried and experienced officers. Besides these precautions, tests both of in- sulation and continuity are being ceaselessly put by the electricians. Nor are these con- fined to this year's venture. The old cable on board iss for this purpose connected with the new, and messages were transmitted on Saturday through a total distance of 1,506 nautical miles There were then 482 of these miles in the after-tank, 757 in the main-tank, and 267 in the fore-tank ; and to make the test more searching and complete, communi- cation has lately been established between all these and the shore. An end from each tank is brought into the testing chamber on deck, is there joined together, so as to make for electrical purposes one cable, while another end is passed over the ship's side, laid in the mud and oozy bottom of the unsavoury Sheerness waters, in which the Great Eastern rides, and landed on the stony slippery bank hedging in the shore. The portion thus running from ship to land has been recently added for the sole purpose of proving Mr. Willoughby Smith's improvements in the process of testing; and to do this it has not even been thought necessary to use the com- pleted cable. This particular succureal leaves the ship without any other protection than its gutta percha covering, and runs to land, and into the cowherd's cottage, where a room bas been borrowed, a mere string of slender piping, like a stick of chocolate. Yet, unfair as it seems to work this bit of core, without the jute, galvanised iron, and Manilla strands which are its proper protectors, the experi- ments tried have been eminently satisfactory. On Saturday messages were sent from ship to shore and from shore to ship with never failing regularity ; and, more interesting still, upon artificial faults being created, the life- like indicator betrayed them instantly and unerringly. This was tried several times and in different ways, for through the ends of the different lengths passing up to and being joined in the testing chamber it is easy to create a "fault,"—now at a distance of a few hundred miles, now at a distance of as many yards from the operator. In all cases the exqui- sitely delicate apparatus made instant and decided protest, and the result of the experi- ments proved that as in the forthcoming expedition insularity and continuity will be tested concurrently and constantly instead of at intervals as heretofore, messages may and probably will pass to and from Valentia and the Great Eastern during the whole voyage, so that those on shore will be as fully in- formed of the condition of the cable as those on board. It is estimated that in the event of a fault arising in the new cable, it will be discovered instantly, and be localised, and the process of paying out reversed to that of picking up, within a very few minutes of its occurrence. It would be difficult to speak too highly of the advance in the science of cable-laying these facts imply ; and it is im- possible to inquire into the plans of this year's expedition without being impressed with the care taken, not merely to guard against dis- aster, but to prevent disaster affecting re- sult. The whole machinery for both paying out and picking up has been repeatedly tested ; the latter is entirely refitted with two high-pressure boilers, and will now be of from five to seven-and-a- half times the strength of the breaking weight. Whereas, too, the extreme breaking strain in paying out in ten tons, the large wheels employed will bear seven times and the smaller one nine times that strain. The mishaps of last year were, it is Useful to remember, attri- butable to the possibiiity of picking up a cable from the bottom of the Atlantic never having been contemplated. Neither ropes nor gear were provided for such a contin- gency, and those pressed into the service gave way when put to a strain they were never made to bear. Now proficiency in picking up at great depths' is recognised as a neces- sity in submarine telegraphy, and every pro- vision has been made to make such picking up easy and safe on board the Great Eastern. Last year it could only be done from the fore part of the ship ; this year matters will be so arranged that the cable may be brought in as well as payed out at the stern; and the saving of time and complications is obvious. The whole of this machinery—ropes, wheels, and gear has been manufactured, as before, by the Tele- graph Construction and Maintenance Com- pany, under the immediate superintendence of Mr. Glass, its managing director, and of Mr. Canning, its engineer-in-chief, and the responsible head of the cable-layers, mechan- ists, and engineers employed in the expedi- tion. Passing from the Atlantic cable to the grand vessel which is to carry it, it is grati- tying to know that her keel and hull have been thoroughly and carefully cleaned, and that the divers' reports show them to be in good sailing order. Considerable time and inge- nuity have been expended on the construc- tion of huge brushes and scrapers to effect this, for the immense mass of shellfish, weeds, and dirt which had accumulated and hardened at the bottom of the great ship made her cleansing no easy matter. A strong implement, something like an agricultural barrow, has been constructed, and by the aid of this and other brushes constantly ap- plied, so much impedimenta has been removed that an addition of two knots an hour to her speed is counted on. This, it is hoped, will give a power of nine knots when fully laden—higher than is needed for cable laying, and calculated to ensure the full speed necessary, even against a head wind and an adverse sea. The directors of the Telegraph Construction Company have char- tered the Medway, a ship of 1,823 tons, to accompany the Great Eastern on her voyage out. The Medway will carry some hundreds of miles of the cable of last year, and in the event of the expedition being successful, will redischarge this into the then empty tanks of the Great Eastern at Newfoundland. The Medway will then start to locate the spot where the broken end lies, to fix buoys, or it may be to commence the picking up. Captain Anderson, to avoid taking the Great Eastern to the Nore this year, will go direct to Beerhaven from Sheerness, and will there supply himself with coal for the voy- age. The length of time to be occupied in an expedition during which the double process of laying down one cable and picking up another is to be gone through, is necessarily estimated at a much higher rate than the one of last year, and some seventy days are spoken of as the period the Great Eastern will be away. Assuming her to leave Sheerness from the 29th June to the 3rd July next, three days will take her to Beerhaven, where she will stay nine days to take in coal. Allowing five days for waiting for favourable weather, for splicing with the shore end, and fifteen days for the passage to Trinity Bay, we may look for messages from America about the beginning of August next. The Great Eastern will again supply herself with coal at Trlnity Bay, and at once follow the Medway to the grappling ground. This will take three days, and eight more are given for grappling, and five for returning to Trinity Bay and laying the remainder of the old cable. This done, tho return of the Great Eastern to Eng- land will take twelve days more, and bring her home about the second week in Sep- tember. In each case a margin must be given to the foregoing figures, but they are based on present calculations, and may be taken as authentic. It will be seen that they assume success throughout, and it may be added that on an elaborate series of problems having been drawn up by authority, as to what would be the effect of different calamities or casualties, should they arise, the responsible leaders of the coming enterprise have answered every supposition satisfactorily in writing. The issue time alone can solve, but whatever may be its result, the more the preparations for the Atlantic expedition of 1866 are known, the more they will be regarded as marvels of forethought, of precaution, of skilful analyses of cause and effect, and of logical deduc- tions patiently, laboriously, and courageously worked out. IRELAND. (FROM THE TIMES.) DUBLIN, MAY 3. Another murderous attack has been made upon the police in Dublin. Acting Inspector Clifford, who was one of the most active and efficient of the detective officers during the suppression of the Fenian conspiracy, and who was a witness at most of the trials at the late Special Commission, has fallen a victim to the vengeance of the Brother- hood. About ten o'clock last night, in com- pany with another officer, he brought the mother of Kearney, the alleged murderer of O'Neill, in a cab to the Chancery-lane station. A large crowd immediately col- lected on their arrival, and, in conse- quence of remarks made by some of the parties present, Clifford followed a man into the forge at No, 34, Chancery-lane. The moment he entered, he was felled to the ground by a blow on tbe back of the head, inflicted either with a large hammer or a bar of iron. The assassin was prevented from repeating his work by the arrival of Sergeant Ryan, who arrested two men whom he found in the forge, William Kennedy and John Toole. Clifford was conveyed to Mercer's Hospital, where he remains in a dangerous state. There is no fracture of the skull ; but as he was rendered insensible, has a strong inclination to retch, and suffers intense pain, it is feared that the brain has been fatally injured. Kennedy has been identified as the person who committed the assault. THE JAMAICA COMMISSION. (FROM THE PATRIOT.) The Royal Commission for inquiring into the Jamaica outbreak has concluded its labours. Mr. Maule and Mr. Russell Gurney have already arrived in this country ; but Sir Henry Storks stays in Jamaica till the future Governor of the island has been ap- pointed ; that Mr. Eyre will not be restored to the office may be taken for granted. The commissioners have unanimously agreed to a report, which will be laid before Parliament in a very few days. Meantime, we shall pro- bably not be very far out if we accept an article in The Times of Tuesday as indicating its conclusions. If that is so, the Governor, the military, and all concerned in the repres- sion of the riot, are likely to be severely dealt with. Of the Gordon case, The Times says :— "The truth is that, as in too many other cases, the accused was assumed to be guilty unless he could prove himself to be innocent, and we are compelled to add that Gordon at least was deliberately cut off from the means of doing so. Upon this cruel and unscru- pulous act, as well us upon the reckless dis- regard of human rights, if not the inhu- manity, displayed by several military officers, we may expect the commissioners to pro- nounce a decisive condemnation." Governor Eyre has proved ''signally unequal" to his obligations. He "yielded to the panic of his advisers when he ought, above all, to have maintained a calm judg- ment." " It will be impossible for the commissioners to avoid the painful duty of submitting this to Her Majesty." Besides the 438 " rebels" shot or hung, about 600 per- sons are found to have been flogged, and no less than 1,000 houses of the peasantry, afford- ing shelter to some 4,000 souls, were burnt down. The Times hopes " that a protest will be made by the commissioners against this last proceeding, and that the flogging of women, avowed by one officer, and proved to have been inflicted elsewhere, will be strongly reprobated." These "hopes" and expres- sions of opinion upon the part of The Times are very satisfactory, but very surpris- ing, when we recollect how eagerly that journal at first espoused the side of the Jamaica authorities, assuming the righteous- ness of all their deeds, repressing the evidence of their cruelties, while it gave ready ear to any slander of the Baptist missionaries and the negroes. The Daily News, to which the English public is mainly indebted for guid- ance to a healthy judgment and a righteous condemnation of the violent deeds upon a dependent race, by which the British name has been grievously tarnished, has good right to say :—" The Times now identifies itself with the humane and upright sentiment which is always at the bottom of the heart of England, even when it is most abused by mis information, and our contemporary does well ; but we claim the merit of having, with means and facilities far inferior to those of The Times, forced the facts into light, and of having done so when to stand up for the truth was to challenge contumely and become obnoxious to that most odious of charges, want of patriotism. It is a position in which we have had to stand before, and which, though few can know how painful it is, we are ready to occupy again, should the lasting reputation and permanent interests of the country require it. But surely we have a right to ask for what are a commanding po- sition and mighty influence given to the prin- cipal journal of this nation if not to oblige it to be the earliest to discern and the most ready to recognise a state of facts which touches the honour of every Englishman ?'' COLONIAL BISHOPS. In tho House of Commons, Mr. Cardwell has asked leave to bring in a bill to remove doubts as to the effect of letters patent granted to certain colonial bishops, and to amend the law with respect to bishops and clergy in the colonies. The right hon. gen- tleman said that that subject had assumed a new aspect in consequence of a recent deci- sion of the Privy Council. It had heretofore been supposed that Her Majesty could, by letters patent, create bishops in any of the colonies ; but the Privy Council had recently decided that, until Her Majesty could, by letters patent, establish bishoprics in colonies which did not possess independent Legisla- tures, her power in that respect did not extend to those colonies which possessed such Legislatures. It therefore became necessary to reconsider the whole sub- ject, and to see whether the law could be placed again upon some settled foot- ing. In certain of the colonies by voluntary arrangement, sometimes confirmed by the colonial Legislature, the church had the powers of voluntary association, and exercised them either by the mere force of contract or by contract confirmed by the colonial Legis- lature. But the powers supposed to be con- ferred by the Crown have by the highest court of appeal been determined not to exist in the colonies. The Government had thought it their duty to determine which branch of the alternative they would adopt, and they did not think it would be the will of Parliament, or that it would be consistent with modern views of the conduct of this country towards the colonies, to attempt by Imperial legislation to establish towards the colonies that founda- tion that was supposed to have existed. The bill was founded upon the first hypothesis. They assumed that the decision of the Court would be the foundation of future legislation, and they therefore proposed to remove those enactments which had been framed upon the opposite hypothesis. The bill would be framed upon the principle laid down by the Privy Council when they said that the Church of England, in places where there was no church established by law, was in the same situation as any other religious body, and in no better or worse position. The bill would extend to clergymen ordained by bishops in the colonies exactly the same privileges which were held by clergymen ordained by bishops of the Church of Scot- land ; and, in accordance with the prayer of a petition from the colonial bishops, which was accompanied by a memorandum from the minsters of New Zealand, the bill would propose to give the bishops who now held letters patent power to surrender those letters patent, and that in future no letters patent or mandate, but only a Royal licence, should be necessary to enable bishops of the Church to consecrate bishops for the country. The main effect of the pro- visions would be, that it having been decided that the power supposed to exist in the Crown of creating a diocese and conferring a jurisdic- tion in the colonies which had independent legislation (and which would include the great majority of our colonies) no longer existed ; that the legislation of the Church should be based upon the hypothesis which the judgment of the Privy Council had es- tablished; and that those restrictions and statutory enactments which were at variance with the principle being removed, the Church of England would, in the language of the Privy Council, be in no worse position, if in no better, than any other denomination of Christians. They believed this measure, in- stead of being detrimental to the Church, would really add to the advantage of the in- stitution. After a few words from Mr. Whalley, leave was given to bring in the bill. MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A NEW colonial bishopric has been formed for Australia. THE Earl of Caithness, Lord Clermont, and Lord Athlummy have been made Peers of England. THE court of inquiry on the loss of the P. and O. steamer Jeddo have suspended the captain's certificate for six months. THE Wesleyan Methodists built a hall in Bishopsgate-street, a freehold, which cost them £35,000. They have been recently offered £157,000 for the property. THE Emperor of Russia has intimated to Prussia that, if war breaks out, he will be obliged, by family ties, to support several of the German provinces. FROM a return issued a few days ago by the Board of Trade, it appears that the number of cattle that died of the cattle plague, or were slaughtered from being infected, up to the week ending April 21, was 181,443, or a loss of 3.68 per cent, upon estimated ordinary stock. On the 5th of March there were in the country 8,316,960 head of horned cattle of various descriptions, 25,794,708 sheep, and 8,800,399 pigs. This return is valuable, and it has been well suggested that a similar statement should he prepared annually. The paper contains information relating to the number of cattle, sheep, and pigs, according to age, in each county, and the number of live stock in various foreign countries, according to the latest returns. EXPLOSION OF OIL.—Recently, two boxes, reach measuring about four cubic feet, having arrived at San Francisco by the Pacific mail steamer, were removed into that city. Both boxes were stained with oil. Sud- denly an explosion took place which shook the neighbourhood like an earthquake for a quarter of a mile round, and proved terribly fatal to life. Fragments of flesh, and bones were scattered in every direction. Eight dead bodies were found so mutilated that they could not be identified. It is stated that the boxes contained nitro- glycerine oil, which was intended to be sold to the mining com- panies in Nevada, Idaho, and Collorado, the immense exploding power of this new chemi- cal compound offering great advantages, not only In the saving of labour of drill holes, but also in freight, because one pound of this blasting oil does the same destructive work as twelve or fifteen pounds of common blast- ing gunpowder. Nearly a whole block of buildings was destroyed by this explosion. CHARLOTTE WINSOR.—Immediately after the decision of the judges with reference to the case of this wretched woman she was taken back to Newgate, and, after having partaken of some refreshment, she was at once taken to Exeter gaol in the charge of one of the warders. It appears that since she has been in custody she has conducted her- self very well, and In a manner becoming her position, and although she did not offer any opposition to the course that was taken upon her behalf, she was, to a certain extent, com- pletely passive in the matter, and it would seem from observations that were dropped from her that she has all along been prepared for the worst, and did not entertain any ex- pectation that she should escape the sentence of the law. It is a fact that is probably not generally known, that the Government have paid the whole of the expense of the legal proceedings that have been taken on behalf of the prisoner, the advisers of the Crown considering the points that were raised to be of such importance as to render it advisable that a solemn decision should be come to by the judges upon them. The prisoner was, of course, utterly unable to find the necessary funds, and the Government felt it their duty to do so. EMIGRATION FROM THE IRON AND COAL DISTRICTS.—Last year a vast number of col- liers and ironworkers, with their wives and families, emigrated from the mining districts of South Wales to America—in fact, the exodus was so great that it was with diffi- culty many of the works could be kept fully and regularly going. At the beginning of the present spring a similar movement pervaded the district ; and in consequence of the num- bers that broke up their homes for the pur- pose of emigrating to the New World, fears began to be entertained that the operations of the iron works and the collieries, more especially the latter, would be again seriously interfered with. Several letters, however, have lately been received from those who went out last year, giving a most deplorable picture of the state of things in the United States, and warning those at home to stay where they are well off. This has had the effect of materially checking the emigration movement, and most of those who were making preparations to take their departure have changed their minds, and have deter- mined to remain in the country, being at last convinced that a moderate rate of wages and regular employment are to be preferred to the uncertain result of emigration to the States. A PLYMOUTH correspondent sends to The Times a most extraordinary account of a rep- tile, which, he says, has arrived in the Young England, from Australia. This importation is characterised as " a tremendous specimen of the saurian tribe, which, in the opinion of Australian savans, is more closely allied to the extinct reptilia of the pre-Adamite era than any living animal yet discovered. It inhabited the unexplored interior of Queens- land, near the source of the Fitzroy River, The accounts related of the destruction caused by the monster upon the native popu- lation seemed perfectly incredible, until the formidable jaws, armed with fangs of astonish- ing size, were beheld. Added to this, its claws of prodigious power, and its invulnerable skin, rendered it most formidable. In the contest which ended in its destruction one claw was torn off; but with this exception the body is in perfect preservation." MR. AND MRS. CHARLES KEAN.—NO more interesting event has been recently recorded in theatrical annals than the return to this coun- try of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean, after their memorable professional tour of three years through Australia, California, and America. During the period thus occupied these dis- tinguished artistes have extended an apprecia- tion of the grander form of the English drama, which cannot fail to produce a marked effect on the amusements of the countries they have visited, and lead to the increased culture of those refined tastes which are among the ripened fruits of a high state of civilisation. The service thus rendered can hardly be over-estimated, and from this bright record in the history of the Australian stage some future historian may possibly date the de- velopment of native histrionic talent which may hereafter claim on these shores a proud recognition. That Mr, and Mrs. Kean should re-appear in London, at that theatre which will be remembered as the scene of their most brilliant triumphs, and which must always recall a long series of substantial services rendered by them to the drama, will impart an additional interest to the occasion. It is satisfactory to know that, despite the arduous exertions they have undergone, the various changes of climate to which they have been subjected, and the fatigue inseparable from the longest journeys ever undertaken under similar circumstances, both Mr. and Mrs. Kean have arrived in England with health not only unimpaired but decidedly improved. On Thursday, the 17th instant, when they return to the stage of the Princess's Theatre, and resume those imper- sonations of Cardinal Wolsey and Queen Katharine which have now as many admirers at the antipodes as in this country, it is not too much to anticipate an enthusiastic wel- come for these eminent travellers. However sincerely the tribute maybe paid, it cannot be more than their personal and professional claims to public regard will fully justify. 