THE CLAIMS OF "PRINCESS OLIVE." COURT FOR DIVORCo AND MATRIMONIAL CAUSES. RRIYv AND RiVBs v. rTx Arronsar GsNBRAL. In our issue of Mondaylast we gave the proceedings in this remarkable case, when an adjournment was made to the 2nd ofJuno. From our last English files we learn that on the case being resumed on June 2nd several witnesses were called to prove thb birth and position of Dr. Wilmot, and the authenticity of several certificates signed by him. Thepetitioners' attorney also produced a portrait of " The Princees Olive," but the courtruled that it was inadmissible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Serres's connection with the royal family (a laugh). It was at any rate moral evidence.-The Lord Chief Baron: As far as I can see,.the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it.-Dr. Smith hoped that his lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the present. When the court retired for a short time to luncheon, the picture was ex hibited to the spectators, and the reporters state that "its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark." The Attorr.ey.General on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documentary evidence in support of the petitioners' case. At the close of the court, the further hearing of the case was ad journed to June 6, during the whole of which day, Mr. Nethercliftthe export was under examination with reference to the genuineness of signatures. The minute particulars of his evidence could not be made intelligible in a report without faeo imiles of the various doouments; but its general and distinct pur port was that the disputed documents were genuine, judging by compihrison with admit tedly genuine documents. He stated in answer to a question from the Lord Chief Joustice, that the moral probability or impro bability of such men as George 111. and Dun ning putting their names to such documents did not enter into his consideration in form. ing his judgment. On June 7 the evidence as to the hand. writing of the documents produced by the petitioners was continued, and Mr. Nether clift was again put into the box, when he made some rather important admissions. After he had deposed to the genuineness of the signature "J. Dunning," he was shown some papers written by Lord Ashburton, in. cluding his will, and he at once retracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the court could have been written by the same person as had writ ten the Attorney.General's specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Cumberland, their neice, into their joint protection. Com paring this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signature to the register of their marriage, he thought it genuine; but on cross cxamination he admitted that there were only small similarities and great differences. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by AMr. Netherelift to be a forgery. At the conclusion of this witness's evidence on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs. Ryves, the "Princess Olive," was ex amined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable ease and self-possession. She gave her evidence very olearly and firmly; she repeated with emphasis the oath ad ministered to her to tell "nothing but the truth,' and in the course of her examination, when i ient was offered her, she said she was not tired, and she could stand for ever to protect the honour of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she said she ;had cause to remember. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Soutilwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841\. She then proved the birth of her son, the ot or petitioner, at Vauxhall, in March, 1883\. In 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her fathler and mother, and her own b gitimary-not, she said, from any motive of fraud, but to establish those facts. The peti tion came on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favor. Tho - Attorney General was represented at the bearing by AMr. Weleby and Mr. Roche, and did not op pose it. The proceedinge in this suit were put in evidonce. Mrs. Ryves then gave eoi. denee as to her early history. She said :-^ was born in 1707, and I remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harleyostreet, at the British School of Artiste, which my tather founded. I lived with my father and motller until their separation in 1808, and after that I lived with my moth. r. I left school at tile ago of 13." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoet, tile alleged wife of 'eorge III., and on the coort objecting that they had .no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George II., two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed " Georgo P.," the other "' George Guelph.". The court, however, deolared unanimously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declinied to permit them to be used. The petitioner then went on,.to narrate with exceeding partico. larity how the Earl of Warwick made knowa to her the secret of her birth, how her mother suPalied the earl with means to go to War. wick Castle to hunt up tho necesary docu. ments, he being at the time so poor that ho could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Mrs. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, and how the earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the poti. tionoer's family. " The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. Ryves, "took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed ,himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were in his father's writing. He acknowledged my mother as his cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Caum. berland, the only legitimate issue of the duke's marriage, and that for the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health that he might die at any moment, he would take on himself the sole protection and guardian. ship of my mother and me." From the peti. tioner's farther evidence it seemed that the Earl of Warwick was under continual obliga. tions to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the court on the 8th, Mrs. Ryves was recalled and her examination re. sumed. She repeated in substance her pro vious evidence, and stated, in addition, that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now produced. She also mentioned that she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by oheque on Coutte's bank. She was then crose-ex. amined at great length by the Attorney. General. It appeared from her evidence that tier mother Mrs. Serres, was an astrologist, a ghost.seer, and a literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland stating that she had pro. videntially discovered her descent from the royal family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mrs. Serres hbad published a book in which she claimed the authorship of "Junius" for Dr. Wilmot. It was stated that when a girl she ihad taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, and it had remained in her possession forgotten until it was accidentally discovered by Mrs. Ryves. The cross-examination of the petitioner, which was not finished when the court rose, was resumed on the morning of the 9th Juno by the Attorney-General. The memo. rial of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be acknowledged Prin. cess Olive of Cumberland, was road. It dif. fored in many important respects from the account already given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugent Bell, the "genealogical counsel" whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent believed that Mrs. Serrea was really legitimate from 1815 to 1818, and that somebody having then told him that the marriage of the Duke of Cunm borland was nullified by the Royal Marriages Act, lie persoaded her that she was illegiti mate till November, 1819, when she was in formed by a clergyman that the act had not been passed till five years after. In the me morial the word "offspring" was spelt "orf spring," and that error Mrs. Ryvos attributed to Mr. Bell; but a birthday ode to the Prince of Wales, which Mrs. Sorres had written with her own hand in 1812, was found to' contain the following lines: "Hail valued Hour, orfspring of Heaven's smile, The great and mighty auccoour of this islo.'" 'his eccentric orthography was found in se veral other autograph papers of Mrs. Serres. The Attorney-General called for the originals of several documents printed in MIrs. Ryves's pamphlet relating to the birth and identifica tion of her mother, and other matters, but they were not produced. The learned counsel read some " private and confidential" com munications addressed by Mr. Bell to Henry HIppers, Esq., Under Secretary of State. In one of them Mr. Bell stated that he had seen certain papers in Mrs. Serres's possession which he believed to be genuine, and that un less her Majesty declarid her to be the Princess of Cumberland, within a few hours the papers would be given to the public and a revolution might be brought about. In another Mr. Bell said that he had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr. Wilmot, stating that his late Majesty George III. was married at Kow to Hannah Lightfoot in 1759; the second, signed by "J. Donning" and "Chatham," stating that his late majesty was married to Queen Charlotte, after the death of Queen Hannab, in January, 1765 by Dr. Moore; and the third signed by his late majesty, deolaring William oHenry to be his first legitimate son. The witness bad board some rumors about the subjoct of the second certificate, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Mooro was a friend of Dr. Wilmot. Dr. Frazor, a physician, was then examined, and stated that when a young man, shortly after he entered the medical profession, he attended upon the late Princess Olive, as she wnathoen called. He attended her from Feb ruary, 1882, to Fetirusny, 1881. He wat introduced by.Mr. Monuleoy,:~ literary gen. tlomano. Ho visited her frequently, and talked a groat deal with her npon a variety of sub. jeets, including polities and her own affairs; and he never had the least reason to suppose that sheo was a person of unsound mind. Sinceo that period witness had had' con. eldorable experience with regard to iosano patients. Mr. A. W. South said hoe had been ae quainted with the late Princess Olive, and had frequently conversed with her relative to the elaims ehe put forward on the subject of hIer birthl. He believed her to have been as sound in mind nos he was himself. A document was then read by the learned counool, purporting to be the last will and testament of the Earl of Warwick, dated the 22od June,' 1812, in which it was stated that, from the injuries his lordship had received at the hands of hie oldest son, he was induced to bIqueath to Olive, Princess of Cumberland, all-his real and personal estate upon condi. tions which he was sure she would observe. The Attorney-General said there was also a letter written by Lord Warwick, purporting to give reasons for making this will, and in which it was stated that the letters of "Junius" were written by Dr. Wilmot. Mrs. Ryves believed that she could still pro poind the will.-At the close of Mrs Ryves's evidence, the will and a Post-office frank of Lord Warwick, and the will of the Duke of Kent, were put in as specimens for compari eon of handwriting, and this concluded the case sortthe potitioner.-The further hearing was theot postponed till June 13, when it was resumed, and the case for the defenoocoe entered upon. The AttorneoyGeneral detailed the clroom stances connected with the case which he would have to lay before the jury. He alleged that the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and in proof of that he quoted the bond entered into on her marriage, in which she was stated to be the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. Wilmot's will, in which she was left a leganoy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He could not help hearing in his mind, and of repre~enting it to the jury, that this lady, the petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross-examination of the petitioner. These letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they con tained statements of the most extraordinary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insano delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of WVales £20,000, provided he would grant her a personal interview even for two hours. This interview she sought in many letters. In others she lamented her poverty and asked for asisatanco. Several of these indicated that she was a great dabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this-Between the death of the Earl of Warwick, in May, 1816, and the death of George III, in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were ineon sistent with each other, and totally incon aistent with the story which she told in 1821 The first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cum berland by Mrs. Payne, wife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and never re turned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot'e. And in several of her letters at the time she stated Dr Wilmot tobe her uncle. That was in May, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Camberland by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of largo fortune, whom the duke had se duced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of Warwick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was in consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. She, however, regretted that with the death of the Earl of Warwick, in 1816, all evidence of her birth and parentage had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came into the witness-box and gave a minute detail of the visits of the Duke of Kent and the Earl of Warwick to her mother in 18156 the production of the papers which disclosed all the circumstances of her title; while in the letter to the Prince Regent her mother dis tiuetly stated that with the death of the Earl of Warwick she was afraid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George III. were dead, she told a different story, and alleged that from documents found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she found that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland and his daohess, Olive Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a graat many sealed packets in this case, but certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There were several of the documents said to be pro duced in 1815 which stated that it was Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke Co Cumberland; and if there was truth in the production of these at that time, she had no occasion to wait for the opening of the sealed packet in 1819 to inform liher of it. If there had been a sealed packet there was no ques tion, from the letters of the petitioner's mother to the Prince Regent, that it was opened long before 1819; at all evente, the docu monte produced now could not have been the same as those in existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs Payne; and the statement was plain and die. tinct that it was Dr. Wilmot's own daughter that he'married to the Duke of Cumberland, while the Earl of Warwick, in a letter to the Princess,'spoke of that Olive Wilmot as her " angelicmother." It was notlikely he would have so: spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almnost incredible that Dr. Wilmot would have married his sister, a mar. ried woman, to the Duke of Cumberland. As to what was said about the Royal Marriage Act, 'it was out oftho qoestion to suppose that :the Royal MIarriage Act renderod the marriago null. Then it was said this lady wnas bound to keep coertain mattera-soeer.t until after the death of George llI. but she hIad a singular way of keeping that secret, foryears befpreothe king's death she was perpetiallLa'diidisngthi Prince of Wales with etatements of of her cueo. The learited gentleman referred to,cortain statemoht mnade by the princess In her-lifo of Dr. Wilmot, published in 1818, and a vindication of his claim to the title of "Junius," published in 1817 in order to show that she paid con. sidereblo attention to the compari. son of handwriting as evinced in her state. ments relative to the manuscript of "Junius" in Mr. Woodfall's possession, and her assertion that no one could compare the manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's handwriting without being satisfied that they wore both traced by the same liand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the princess, to the Seoeotary of State, in 1821, in furthormne of her claim. These he charaon torised as begging letters, and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but none of them were now forthcoming. . On these documents there were 14 names which appeared on the papers now relied on, and 11 which did not so appear. The petitioner had now put in evidence 75 doenments. Besides those 10 more had been produced from the Treasury. In the memorial of 1821 there were 11 more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet pub. lished.by the petitioner thre were 206 more, of which the originals were not produced ; altogether the documents mentioned as bear. ing on the case were over 160, while out of the whole only 82 were produced. And what: . sort of documents were they P Why, they were such that no expert in the world could give evidence of the handwriting froms them. With two excep tions they were all written on little scraps and strips of.paper, and all without the water mark of date. The learned gentleman was. proceeding with his address, when the foreman said he was commissioned by his fellow jurors to ex. press their opinion that there would not be the slightest necessity to oall evidence to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unani. moos view the documents relied upon by her were - spurione.-The Chief Jostice : In that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of these papers is a palpable forgery; nor is there one part of the petitioner's case which agrees with the reat.-DJ. Smith then ad. dressed the jury at some length on the part of the petitioner, after which the Chief Jos. tice summed up, and the jury delivered their verdict, which, stripped of technicalities, was this :-That no such marriage as that alleged between the Duke of Cumberland and Ol.ve Wilmot had ever taken place, and that the so called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter.-Tho Attorney.General then asked that the documents might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on he' should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford at the time of the pretended marriage in London'; and that Lord Warwick, before.his accession to the title, never signed himself " Brookeo" but " Grovillo."-Tbh documents were then ordered by the court to be impounded, and the case concluded. 