The Bandwick Spring Meeting. Dear Beix,— Tho Randwick Spring Meet ing commences on Saturday next, and, from presont appearances, bids fair to equal that of nny preceding year. ' The forthcoming reunion will bo of much moro interest to Vic torians than any of former years, not only on account of tho Victorian nags engaged in the principal events, but also 111 consequence of the best of the New South Wale8 horses likely to put in au appearance at Rand wick boing likewise in our Melbourno Cup and Champion. Therefore, from their running at Randwick a pretty correct estimate may bo formed of tho chances of the' Welshmen for our 'great go' in the spring. Aline for tho Champion may also bo drawn, for Bhould all go well it is pretty certain that Volunteer and Yattendon will meet, and should tho latter happen to bowl over Mr. Tait's horse — and I believe ho will — what a favourite ho will become for our two great events. A comparison o! the Randwick pro grammo with that of the V.R.C. betraysado cided superiority upon tho part of thelatter,ft,r, though we have bnt threo days' racing, tho amount of added monoy is greater than that given by tho A.J.C. ; and a glance at tho acceptances for tho Melbourno Cup decidodly throws into the shade everything to bo con tested at Randwick, the Australian Dorby notwithstanding. I think if tho A.J.C. were to limit their proceedings to threo, days, nnd make tho several stakes richer, it would add much to tho Cctat of tho meeting; but I supposo thoy know thoir own business best* and which adds most to tho exchequer. As tho Victorian trio are engaged in the principal races of tho meeting, I intend to say a word or two as to their rolativo chances of pulling off the ' good things that will be going.' The ball will bo opened with tho Trial Stakes, for which Warwick, no doubt, will bo made a great pot, and if ho allowB it to boil over with such a moderate iield to contend against, then bis name had better bo at once struck out of tho Melbourno Cup and Champion. Tho Derby and St. Loger Handicap follows, in which Clove and Angler head tho poll. Tho former, I suppose, will not show, and it is very questionable whether the son of Fishorman hoa thoroughly recoverod tho uao of his dicky leg; bnt tho etablo seem so con fident of success that it would bodocidedly im politic to disrogard his chance. Buccaneer appears to uu n uruuc invounte ior cms race. Ho and Angler liavo mot but onco, in the Squatters' Stakes, last spring, when Mr. Fisher's horso defeated the 'jolly Buc caneer' with at least two stone in hand. This bout he has to give him 1st 121b, and if 'O.K.' ho can do it easily. The doubt whether Morrison will ride at tho meeting renders it more guess work as to how Mr. Fishor's horaes will be mounted ; but should Joo be sont ovor, ho will, I think, lead the white with bluo Bpots to victory in tho Derby and St. Legor Handicap ; tho next, in my estimation, being Tim Whifflor. Tho Derby is next on tho list For this Fish Hook has remained a firm favourite all through tho winter, and his brilliant performances justly cntitlo him to such a position. Somo of tho best of Sydney authorities in racing mattors affirm that tho Derby ia all over—' ' Tho Barb ( first, tho rest nowhere,' is tho cry. The wish is undoubtedly father to tho thought. But ' For their prognostications I do not cure one jot, Givo l'lsli Hook health and luck, he'll win it In a trot.' Yes, Kir, i.' inli Hook or Ins stablo companion for my money. Thoy havo mot tho mighty Barb but twice. At [tho firat attempt thoy beat him easily, and had Budolight been let out ho could have beaten him much further. Tho second trial botweon them was won by Mr. Tait's colt just aa easily as Budolight aud Fish Hook finished in front of him tho. Saturday previous. Bnt then there was a nHnht ditTaronca iu tbo woicrhts. Thn ' Hnnk' gave The Barb a stono, and Budelight con ceded 81b. Now, wo all know bore that Mr. Filgato nover forces his two-yr-olds, a very wiso precaution imloed. So long as their pipes aro clear, and thoro is littlo or no fat inside, lie is quite satisfied ; but when thoy pass thoir third year ho adopts different tac tica altogothor, so that wo may expect Fish .H,ook and Bndoligbt- to bo in much bettor 'fbimiiJthrte-yr-oTds. Tho Barb also got a flying stdrtvand as tho Fishermans woro not persevered with, it is a moot point how far lie could havo beaten them had they received a 'sido-binder' or two. All in tho same condition, aud riddon bv cciuaL talent, I do not boliove The Barb would stand tho ghost of a ohanco with tho Fisherman brothers ; and I sincorely hopo Mr. Fisher will: not throw a ohanco hway by allowing a lad to rido Anglor, or Fish Hook, but send Morrison over to do tho steering. Joo can easily get to Sst 41b, so thero is no fear. of him riding; overweight, as some of tho Sydney folks Beem to imagine. Wero I asked to place tho Dorby horses, I should Bay a nook and nook raco for h'rst.with 'Tho Light ' and ' Tho Hook,' Tho Barb three, or four longths behind, with. Sir John closo up. The next event in whioh ft Viotorian figures is the objootionablo Maidon Plato. How this can bo ealled a iraiden raco I am at a loaa to know, for Cossack, who won it last autumn, and who also won tho Rons Handicap aud tho Quoon's Plato, defeating Tarragon, would bo allowed to ruu. This is certainly ouo'of tho strangest proceedings I ovor heard of, and the sooner tho A. J.C. alter the stylo of thoir maiden races, tho better it will be for maiden liorusB generally. Th success of either Budelight or Tho Barb in the Dorby will settle tho question ; and as I have expressed a decided preference for tho son of Fiaherman in tho great raco, I ahall do tho same itfthis,' and plump unreservedly for '.'The Light.' In the Bruio Stakes the wmnor of tho Derby carries 91b oxtra. If tho sons of Fiaherman run first and second, for the Derby, they will bo allowed to walk over for this; but should Tho Barb happen - to pop lus head in first, tho 71b will, -no doubt, bring them all together, and a grand race for supremacy ensue. For tho Great Metropolitan Stakes Yattendon, with an impost of Ost 81b, is a hot favourite. Can ho do the trick with such a woight ? If ho can, then wo may look out for a second Archer in tho Melbourno Cup. I am quite prepared to seo him beat Volunteer, but Sultana, I fancy, will turn tho tables on her, Sydney Cup victor. Angler is', in. very lightly. What would bo thought of Lady Heron's chanco for tho Melbourne Cup ' with 7st 71b up ? * It would' be thought a por foct gift to her. Angler is said to bo 71b better than she, and ifso, he should-win tho Great Metropolitan easily. The leg is nil I'm afraid of, for if in the same f orm as when ho won our Derby, the Sydney Handicap would ? bo nothing more than n canter for him with such a light weight. Falcon carries lib moro than Sultana, and as Mr. Ivory's miiro gave him a 71b beating in tho Randwick Handicap, with a difference of only 2Ib botweon tnem, I shall not be surprised to see her repeat tho dosa At level weights I believe her to be superior to Mr. Tail's horse ; sho is a game little maro, her owner knows how to bring her out, and sho will bo very near winning i£ Angler is queer.' Dundee and Warwick have both performed respectably enough to bo dangerous, the latter especially, having de feated Yattendon rather easily in tho autumn. To, Sultana, Angler, Yattendon, aud Warwick, I award tho palm. Of tao other events I shall say nothing, as the result of those I have analysed will materially in fluence tho remainder. ? ORANGE BLOSSOM. ? 