" A Song of Rapture." Why Sleeps the Muse of Halloran? In vain We search the Herald for the lively strain Which struggled oft to bear the palm of praise, From Wiley's Odes and Phil M'Carroll's Lays. No more for us he "fills the woods with flame," Or makes the "footless caves" resound his fame: No more he strays by "madly-meeting waves," But, Ghoul-like, roams round murdered poets' graves, While "sleepless hills, and streams without a home, "And torrents driving down in stormy foam," Mourn their lost Bard, and listen for the beat, "The silky fall, of sunshine-sandall'd feet!" Ah! wretched hills, and grief-afflicted streams! Far other visions crowd your poet's dreams: False to the vows he pledg'd in days gone by, Your charms no longer draw his roving eye; Tired of the strain upon his soaring wing, He cares no more of "hills and streams " to sing But seeks within the once forgotten town To add fresh laurels to his seedy crown. Maddened by Punch, whose parody and jest Have rankled strangely in his vengeful breast, Behold him now, with dagger drawn, display The savage courage of a mad Malay. No force can check him in his wild career— He hopes no mercy and he feels no fear— Too blind with rage to tell a friend from foe, At all alike he aims the deadly blow. See trembling victims fall beneath his arm, Who look in vain for Gilead for its balm: See, first, a Judge upon the pavement lie, Too weak to struggle and too old to fly; A brace of Parsons next receive the steel, And groan with wounds no medicine can heal; And in their train a motley group appears, Whose bloody fate might drown a world in tears! Ah! surely these thy anger might appease, Remorseless Bard, and set thy mind at ease! Each pallid ghost will haunt thy sleepless bed, And point, like Banquo, to its gory head: Forbear! forbear! thy laughter-pelted Song Is full aveng'd in all this bloody throng; Thy lofty Muse no further victims needs, When a whole hecatomb before her bleeds. But not for thee alone the blow was aim'd— For other pinions, like thine own, were maim'd— Thy brother Bards could speak of equal wrongs, And groan in chorus o'er insulted Songs: They, too, had learn'd to dread the weekly page Whose comic sting could fill their souls with rage, Teaching the town to laugh at mystic stuff, And mystic poets join'd in mutual puff; Who has not learn'd from Harpur's verse to fly— Thy Harpur—"wedded to weird Ecstacy!" Who has not wished that he would "keep his ease Amongst his native streams, and rocks, and trees?" 'Tis true, of late, his tuneful pipe has ceas'd With dulcet notes our longing souls to feast, But much we fear to catch the sound again, Like barrel organs we avoid in vain. "Young Kendall," next, thy guardian aid invokes, While from his native fens he loudly croaks: "Behold, of late he took a flight afar, "And sped like comet, out from star to star, "With furious tumult"—where was SMALLEY, then ? Or did he fly beyond e'en SMALLEY'S ken? The "furious tumult" failed to catch our ears, But much the story doth excite our fears; Pray Heaven the soaring youngster hath return'd, To realms domestic with his wings unburn'd. With names like these, the world may well admire, "The steadfast sweetness of the Austral lyre!" 'Midst all our woes, there's something left to cheer The sinking spirit overwhelmed with fear; While "he of arborous Ashfield still remains, "And Harpur sleeps not on the Southern plains; "While favoured Brereton dreams luxurious dreams, "And Michael haunts the glowing Grafton streams," 'Twere but a sin to suffer pale dismay From loosen'd grasp to sweep our hopes away. Avaunt! ye Banshees, who, with screeching cry, Proclaim the sources of our wealth are dry, And point with glee to Ruin's vulture form Hovering above us in the blinding storm. Our Bards will save us! like the Geese of old, Their cackle still will save the sacred hold, And teach our foes their desperate hopes are vain, So long as they, God bless 'em, shall remain! 'Awake, my Halloran!" leave all meaner things To low ambition, and the pride of kings;" Let not official forms thy spirit chain, But sing a loud, and still a louder, strain: For thou, at least, may'st safely strike the lyre, Nor sink with dread of sulphurous Pluto's ire. These piping times may yield a rich reward To flunkey penmen with their drudgery bor'd, Perchance may raise thee to some loftier height Than yet has loomed upon thy murky sight-- Speak boldly out! Let not a doubt remain! To cloud the merit of thy cautious strain! Approach the footstool with thy toady verse, And lowly bending, softly thus rehearse:— "All hail, my Cowper! not for thee the pen "Is dipp'd in wormwood, man of many men! "For while I do not love thee and thy rule, "I know the thorough statesman from the fool. "To hearty Jack let every praise accrue "For Free Selection;—give old Nick his due. "At least, the man is honest, and I know "A wee bit holier than the Nick below." Then, having thus secur'd thy patriot aims, With brilliant spite sweep on to other names. Spare not the Church, but deftly hurl thy dart At each poor parson who can feel its smart. And like a prophet of the olden time With sacred fervour thus denounce his crime:— "Who pules for peace? Doth mealy Mawworm cry, "Who damns the pulpit with his weekly lie. "Doth Mawworm cry? the mild epitome "Of all a well-bred flunkey ought to be." "A sleek-cut rascal of the ranting race. "Who cannot look his Bishop in the face?" Such Songs as these are never sung in vain, Albeit they yield not the expected gain— Thy grateful masters will not soon forget That touching offering—thy poetic sweat— While all their tribe will gladly chaunt the praise, In echoing chorus, of thy well-tim'd lays. Sing on, sweet Bard! the critic's sting defy, And on "thy Cowper" fix thy frenzied eye! From street to street thy hurdy-gurdy drag, And many coppers from the public, bag; The simple tunes we know, alas! too well, The sound's familiar as an auction bell; But yet we'll bear thee, nay, perchance admire, "The steadfast sweetness of the Ashfield lyre." 