PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. TUB A.B.C. GUIDE. The member for fynemouth, in his maiden speech, alluded to the 'jargon' by means of wbich historical truths are im pressed upon the undergraduate mind by coaches; and Mr. Carlylc bas more recent ly denounced tbe same system at Edin burgh Its advantages are nevertheless considerable. A boy who has to grasp and retain the fact that the Deluge hap pened before the siege of Jerusalem, and tbe latter event before tbe Norman Con quest, has simply to remember the formula Vel-seejer-konk ; and by storing in his memory a Tew pages of this agreeable reading may have before him all the events of biBtory in their proper order. It would doubtless be a gain if the same information could be conveyed through the medium of aensi', and not of nonsense ; and we subjoin a short tale which will indicate at least the principle on which this might be done :— A hald-headed captain deliberately every Friday got horribly inebriated ; jabbered (knowing little, maybe nothing, of political questions) republican sentiments to unsp preciativc visitors, who, exasperated. yawned lealously. Any baby or neglected adult who has yet to learn Us alphabet will find his task materially listened if he will begin by mastering (wnich he will of course do witt'out difficulty) the above engaging narrative. TEBK COUBAdE. That dreadful boy!— 'Oh, ain't Mar garet brave, that's all 1 Last nijfht, when she was in the garden, I saw a man jump over the hedge, and kiss her. She was not a bit afraid, and said nothing about it when Bhe came in 1' A NKW PAPER. (From our Colwell Hatchney Correspon dent) You Trill be f lad to hoar that there is to be a new journal started in this neigh bourhood. It is called the Colwell Hatchney Intellectual Observer, with which will he incorporated Pepper's Ghost, and the cherubs floating, in the advertisement poster, after Sir Joshua Keynulds. A reduction will be made on taking a quantity, and schools will be treated with liberality; that is, if the boys subscribe a halfpenny each per week, they shall receive one presentation copy between them. The journal will be pub lished in time for the earliest trains, even at midnight, as arrangements have been entered into, whereby a blank sheet can be issued at any hour, rather than dis appoint the subscribers. Every subscriber will be entitled to a ?glass of beer, on payment of a fixed sum, at any time of the day. The prospectus is as follows:— First, leading articles and sonnets, which will supply a want of the day. Notices, conundrums, kettle-drums, and secret intelligence from all quarters of the globe, including Leicester-square. A column will be entirely devoted to stops, such as full-stops, semicolons, colons, &c;, &c;, which the reader can use as he likes thromgbout the paper. Half a column will be given up to broken English. The English will be broken in type by the compositor and talented assistants. Every half-hour a balloon will ascend from tbe office bearing tbe editor. Two columns and a-half will be retained on the establishment for their long ser vices. The second part will be a concert with grand muffin and crumpet solo. There will be addresses to the readers every other day, delivered from the front window of the office. Births, deaths, and marriages will 'be celebrated inside from 10 to 4. The editor's brother will be at homo all day, and ready to fight any one big own weight, size, and geueral personal appear ance. We shall have shipping intelligence, anecdotes, and we shall publish any letters we can get bold of under the head ing of, Your's truly, Correspondence. There will be an Indian contributor downstairs. No deception ; any one may see him through the area- grating. The will be five columns devoted to everything that comes too late for inser tion. Whatever appeared in our last will be put in our next, and so on. We have got Mr. Reuter to lend us a telegram wire, and we intend to do some thing with it. Sporting intelligence will meet with tbe most careful attention. A boy will come up from Mr- Dorling every day to play with the editor. There will bo a bonfire on Saturday afternoon, after office hours, and a dance of policemen. We shall charge sixpence for the first ten copies, tenpence for every succeeding copy, and a small sum to be named by tbe clerk as his perquisite, for tbe last. . If our kind friends in front will only reward our endeavours to please, we can anticipate nothing but— happiness to the future of a paper which adopts itself so exactly to our wants, our wishes, and our West End. And so we bid you heartily farewell, A DANGEBODS COMPANION. Among other scientific novelties of me chanism, we see adveitised just now a ' patent sell-acting corkscrew.' This must be, no doubt, a vastly useful article, but we fancy at the same time it must be slightly dangerous. If a self-acting cork screw were admitted to our wine-cellar, there is no knowing what a quantity of corks would be heard popping. Conceive tbe horror and d smay of a connoisseur in port at finding bis self-acting cork-screw hard at work, and drawing all the corks of his famous 'thirty-four,' and still more 'precious ' twenty 1 ' How crusty he would look at seeing such a waste of all his fine old crusted I A TELEQBAH. Albion Cottage, Old England. Dear ' Punch' — I am desirous to be ' up, down, fly, and awake' to everything, but the accompanying from the. 'Daily Telegraph' just does knock me over :— '' In one thing alone do we differ from them— that we will not consent to have a truncated history of the British Empire, ending with the apotheosis of the ten pound householder.' I have submitted this to various friends, and they all cry a go, except one 'cu!c young lady, who thinks it refers to the underground railway. Can you give any information on the subject f and oblige, Yours truly, Nix. 