THE SKETCHER. SKETCHES OF THE DIGGINGS. No. VI. In the last sketch reference was made to the various quartz reefs which crop out from the hills encompassing Inglewood. I pro- posed going from thence to Kingower, and then on to Jericho. Before starting we will glance over the whole scene through which our journey will take us. Selecting the hill on which the Jersey Reef has been worked, abandoned, and re-worked, as our view point, and comfortably leaning against the solitary tree still growing on the summit, the trunk of which is, by the bye, decorated by English bar- barians with sundry distinguished names and illustrious initials bestowed by their god- fathers and godmothers on the " Smith " tribe — well, leaning against this tree, we can look over an extensive tract of country, interesting in its character and associations. Stretching far away over ranges of hills, over vast plains, over rich alluvial or barren rocky soil, spreads the eternal scrub. In one unvarying monochrome, for hundreds of miles it covers the face of the earth. This appa- rently illimitable vision of dark, deeply green, still- looking scrub produces nearly the same effect on the beholder as is caused by watch- ing the waters when a stranger is a thousand miles from land, tossing on the wide, wide sea. The impression is more vivid when a high wind rustles the leaves, bends the boughs, and deepens or lightens the shadowy tints on the surface. In the immediate neighbourhood of the Jersey- hill the scene is varied by the workings, the necessary accompanying machinery, in the shape of whims, windlasses, and winding gear of various kinds, heaps of stacked- up quartz ready for the mills, the quartz- crushing machines at their noisy work in the valley below ; cottages, huts, and homes more or less comfortable or pretentious, according to the means or taste of the proprietor ; a school house, church, and chapel. Wheel tracks, showing that a considerable traffic passes be- tween the town and the reefs, are traceable from the hills. The reservoir, constructed by Government, and employed for the supply of the mills and town, pleasantly breaks the mono- tony ; while Inglewood itself, from the scattered manner in which its new streets and houses are built, looks at the distance more imposing and important than it really is. The back ground of the picture, into the more minute details of which we have no time to examine, is again the dark scrub and some heavily tim- bered country. Turning from the town we look towards our destination, and difficulties that vanish on nearer approach would seem to prevent all progress. Ever the monotonous mallee ! One straight white line or track, cut with mathe- matical precision up hill, down dale, and over plain, attracts attention. This track was, I am informed, cut by the geodetic survey party, and extends for miles into otherwise un- known country. The horizon is bounded by ranges of hills, varying in height, sizes, and character, but all, in a clear atmosphere, having that peculiar, bloomy, blue, almost phospho- rescent effect of light which Chevalier has so successfully produced on canvas, and which can be seen nowhere out of Australia. Most prominent and striking of all the hills is Mount Korong— Mount Go-wrong the be- wildered miners used to call when they lost their bearings in the shadow of its rocky sides. Rugged and grand in outline, with giant granite boulders heaped up in confusion, in- accessible and pathless, with dark tree- covered steeps and its glittering " diamond," it stands separate and solitary from all the other eleva- tions in sight. Out of our ken, but at the base of the mount, lies pleasant, well-to-do Wedderburne, which is one of the least ob- jectionable substitutes for the native name — Korong. Seven miles round the base is the " haunted hut," where any person who has sufficient courage may, if he approach the dismantled hut which stands there at the witching hour of night, hear a phantom wood- cutter dealing most substantial and unphan- tom- like blows with an axe. Of course, on a nearer approach the sounds cease, but numerous persons will testify that they have heard the ghostly echoes. Whether such a phenomenon does exist, and whether a tale has been invented to account for them, or vice versa, I am not prepared to vouch, but certain it is that Korongites relate how a woodsplitter was found dead at the seven-mile hut, and while the evidence was conclusive that he had been killed, it was open to question whether he had killed himself, or whether some " person or persons unknown " had " as- sisted nature " by cutting his throat. Ever after he has made himself manifest in the wood by a persistent chopping of invisible trees with an invisible axe and invisible body at the afore- said hour of midnight. At any rate, the ruinous remains of a hut and sawpit are there to give colour to the authentic ghost story, and seeing that the colony can't boast of many I have thought it worth while to narrate this, without, however, pledging my credit for aught more than than I tell the tale as it was told to me, and as to having seen with mine own eyes the scene of the spiritual mani- festation. High up the side of Korong, and now and then glittering in our sight, is the " Diamond." This is — I speak for the benefit of those who may be vaguely imagining some huge, inaccessible Koh- i- noor — a thin sheet of water trickling and spreading itself over a smooth granite boulder, reflecting the light of the sun, and giving the wet mica- covered granite the effect of a waterfall, but this only when the sun glances on its de- ceptive mirage-like brilliancy. { Ke^,and7^iq*ai^«nfl^W,»ktt^ jUonnt wtlht uitliu -uu wlnw-kji temsdve* without tfik aid, » »ociety, and »y be bad In ahaoths^ «rild, »wAw iiiokw^L Vjtt ' Wo tdd b» « f Hud* to ft i/Wyeot, tion of philologists to the marked similarity which is observable between native name Kooyoora, and the Hindoo word Koh-i-noor, both meaning precisely the same thing — mountain of light. In amongst its many rocks and caves the notorious Captain Mel- ville is said to have had a retreat and hiding- place, and there is a latent suspicion that in some dark cavern portions of his vast treasures are yet concealed. Perhaps, though it is slightly out of our course, and out of sight 0f our stand- point, there will not be a strong objection to visit the " Gap " in Kooyoora. Riding is the only mode of reaching this most picturesque of spots, as the walk is too far, and vehicles can't approach close enough. How- ever, I had the pleasure of knowing that a party of gentlemen tried the experiment in a dog- cart, and in crossing a steep-banked and rocky-bottomed creek, had the supreme satis- faction of finding themselves, or at least half the party, deposited in aqua pura. Let me therefore advise anyone to select a good bush horse to visit the Gap. Scarcely like a gully or ravine, and more like a vast cleft in the mountain side, it presents itself to view as we come near from the flat beneath, which is diversified by rocks and boulders, evidently torn ages ago from the cleft. Tea-tree bushes, she-oak trees, stunted white gums, rare pines, beautiful ferns, thorny acacias, and delicate minute plants with perfect bijoux of blossoms, are to be found in amongst those rocks which it is possible to reach by climb- ing in any ordinary way, and though the attempt may involve torn clothes, scratched hands, and worn- out boots, these perils are well repaid. All description must necessarily fall short of the reality, where grandeur of outline, breadth, depth, and beauty of colour, minutire of detail, pleasant echoes of pleasant voices, all combine to satisfy eye and ear. Glorious in the mass and beautiful in detail, the Gap of Kooyoora would become a " show place " of the colony, were it more come- at- able. Some of its lone majesty of beauty has since been marred by an enterprising squatter, who has actually fenced in one portion of the steep hill. Of what earthly use he proposed to make it, except as a preserve for goats, it is impossible to conceive. Certainly, except for the sake of the poor lambs and sheep he turned out there, one would be tempted to wish all his experiments on that hill would be as unprofitable as the first, when every ewe that lambed there had her little ones attacked and eaten by hawks and crows, whose nests are numerous among the rocks and trees. The hawks were choice in their eating, for it was frequently found that they had simply picked out the eyes of the unfortunate lambs and left them there to die, while the wretched dams' pitiful cries were echoed and re-echoed from the opposite rocks. The season's experiment having thus failed, per- haps the rough bush fence will be suffered to fall to decay. Returning to the Jersey, we can see Mount Moliagul overlooking its small rich gold-field and comfortable tea-meeting, loving little village ; Sunday Morning Hill, bare and smooth, amidst its tree or scrub and rock- covered companions ; and many other minor elevations, whose names I cannot call to mind. The whole chain of hills forms a magnificent back- ground to a vast panorama, which only wants what is almost invariably absent from bush scenery — water, to make it one of the most glorious views in the colony. Two or three years ago the scrub between Inglewood and Kingower, Korong, and, in- deed, for a circuit of many miles around, was on fire. It burned for several weeks, and rendered all communication by the ordinary routes not merely dangerous, but simply im- possible. I did not see the conflagration, but those who did informed me that it was one of the most magnificent and impressive scenes it is possible to conceive. Those who braved the extremity of heat for a mile or two, and ascended any eminence, looked down over miles of a steadily glowing fire. I must have poorly realised my intention if I have not made my readers understand that one of the most characteristic features of the mallee is its uniformity of height as well as colour, and this so materially gives its resemblance to the ocean. Imagine, then, this densely-packed, sun- dried, resinous mass of vegetation set on fire. Not burning with the rapid roar of prairie grass, nor with the intermittent brilli- ancy, glare, and crackle at timbered ground, but with one steady, slow, all- consuming, un- varying, and, comparatively speaking, silent incandescence — a lake that burned with fire unquenchable until all the combustible mate- rials were left in fertilising ashes to the depth of two or three inches. In a season or two, from the ashes of the old mallee, sprang up a new growth of new plants. Instead of the dark green scrub, delicate pale green shrubs, heaths of various kinds, the beautifully com- mon plant known as the " wax flower," " crows' feet," " cats' paws," blue bells, the long trailing purple flowered sarsaparilla, the native geraniun, and inumerable specimens of the widely varied Australian flora grew up among the scorched rocks and flre dried earth. I have chosen rather to give the common names to the native flowers than the terribly long botani- cal names affixed by scientific men, and for which I am indebted to the Victorian Linnæus, being of the opinion that the " simpler names "— I beg Martin Tuppers pardon, " apellations "— " wisely bestowed by rustice " are generally the most easily re- membered. paua»U I would humbly suggoat that any cMJl'onnier-aai there are aome of those uaeful pgoplo established in varioui towna now-who j, not averse to oentipedes, tarantula), or «triantelopei," as they are frequently called, and who has not a strong objection to man; varieties of creeping thinga, should,' malce a jouraoy to eomo of these abandoned rushea. Tho collection of waggon- loads of Taga and bottle would oortainly males the speculation profitable. Besides, though every pair of caat-olT unmentionables may not oontain a nugget, a note, or a purse, it not unfrequently happen? that such treatures trove roivard any person who has hardihood enough to make a search. Leaving Old Inglewood, the Deep Lead and Creek behind ue, and following a well'deflnod though not Tory good track, wo pass on towarda jjingowor. The Greon Hills, lightly timbered, well graaeed, and pleasantly sloping, are on our way. On either aide, the pretty pines and sombre sheoaks have been cut dotrn by passing bullock-drivora in the by-gone times to.'feed their oattle, Thia was necessary, al though the feed wasgood,because, if they strayed ever so little, there was no chance of recover ing tho animals, which made their way into the neighbouring scrub. Unlike the hardy gum trees, those eateemed good food for cattle do not grow again, and the dead timber atnejr. ing the ground, and the lifcleaa stumps, are not agreeable adjunct* to the scene. The air is fresh and clear, and thoroughly unliko tho close, heavy atmosphere of Inglewood and its neighbourhood, and a light, joyous foeling and buoyant spirits oome over the traveller almost unconsciously. The granite formation here begins, we bare left the granite ranges behind us, and the scrub is now tea-tree, not mallee, and a pleasant change it is, too. Steadily on towards the north, through deep valleys, where the overhanging trees make even the brilliant afternoon sombre and twilight, over steep hilla, where one catches momentary glimpses of " bloomy" mountains, and dark rock* covered hills, on to the flats which lead into Kingower. Glenalbyn Grange and Glenalbyn Church are on the right of us. A pleasanter homestead and a prettier church than these are not to bo found in all Victoria. I must not linger here though, or I should never part from the place. Couldn't I tell of pleasant rides, happy walks, comfortable lounges on the green banks of the creek, where the birds, familiarised to your quiet presence, come hopping and twittering round, being as " spooney" on each other as it suits their loving natures, without dreaming that " a cheil's amang them taking notes!" Could I not tell of kindly deeds performed by kindly bands and loving hearts, and these all carefully concealed-good done by stealth. Ifimporte, I these last are written in the hearts of those ' benefited, and recorded on holy tablets-will be remembered by Him who docth all thinga well, and who knows when even the cup of cold water, let alone the warm fireside, the open band, and aid more valuable than money, is tendered to those who are but tiding to be the humblest of His disciples. It is hard to tear even one's mental presence from a spot so well and gratefully remembered, but it must be done; I only wish that pictures were admitted |n the columns of The Antfralatiaii, I could furnish one of the pleasantctt to be found in all the colonies. Keeping on the road, which winds along the bank of the creek in a picturesque manner, passing one or two pretty wattle-surrounded boo** and a good many my oommon-plaoe habitations, wo soma into Kingower itself. Crossing the substantial bridge which now occupies the place of a dangerous find, we will leave our baps at the Bridge Hotel while we "do the lions" of the place. By the way, it is not often that in a country town one finds .ueb pleasant quarters as in the said hotel. She noma for travellers are comfortably apart from the bar and it* belongings, in a detached .ottage, and here, the light streaming under a low flower-decked verandah, through coloured windows and aoftly flowing muslin car tains, into well arranged rooms and harmo niously contrasted and blended ooloura, one may lounge away en honr of repoao on the aoftest of Sofa*, within Math of the most musical of bells, which will bring the frealiest coloured, cheeriest . Toiced, west country woman to your bidding. Luncheon brings the inevitable Cornish puty and farmhouse delicacies; and then we seek out the spot where the famous "Blanche Barkly" was unearthed, from whence the " Welcome" j and "Kingower" were brought into light.! ITot inuch there to indicate a likely spot! Merely chooolate-brown top soil, a gravelly .ubstratum, and the bottom a mixture of red day and pipeclay. The way in which the first Kingower nugget was found is worth while remembering. Some bullock-driver, weaiy and wayworn, was urging on his tired beasts with whip and oath, and fancying that .one of his loading waa displaced, he walked 'behind for a few steps to set all right. Just as fae was raising the terrible whip and «oarse Tcioe for another spell onward, something glittering in the Mieel track caught his eye. Iw dujd^cfKl Sfoip. tbe *oft antul N)4v4& a bright nugget <of pure golds ? True, it *wma not trae of- the monatera after ' 'waida Sist&rned; ifaifafchlbjted |n Melbourne , .^London, 'but ty^jil outjoes pf, gold, ,«udd«4r pome by unexpectedly, and at no, «ost, wal not to be deepUed.«Wf can' easily Imagine iiow b^fly ihe a^dr wpnld waHt alopg.Jkow/ gruflgiwr M .$.&'!&jdV.Mie; tmasurshe sould nobbdp:boMtta|. of, how aoonthe]>iek and abortl would bbiiA woA '..'whrig Qm» i^|^^f»ttan^er: hidTteenwsiu- _ shallow- .etnkii^f hi thekoft flu4h Vpnid (Oon bring the afore twd many '»Kiage«er^la« :the birtljplaoecf thelargcst .Jt' >*m^:|>e-.-bot;-4h» ataaa <old *ildr/> M WW* %tm>; ??PWWigMWa Wfcpr soverndandappropriated. orkft own oorfeSpoodonU'' af;neig^. ? assesss#: .-?5Tw jlpi"-the>. jtW J tty vmnboldi and oonflnod i t# flistwim, Mtlih w; »» primitive (rtate of atapliotty in whloh the j inhabitants reside. A stranger is aphcnomonon, j and ii accordingly subjected to a «triot | scrutiny. The doorways of such house* as arc inhabited are thronged by the inmates, j and the comments indulged in are by no meam tolta voce. Furthermore, anything ao civilised as bolts and ban are generally dis pelled with, and entrance to any house, ex cept the largest (tore, it aoooniplishod in the manner ao graphically dcieribed in LiUle Sed Hiding Hood-" rail the bobbin, and the latch will fly up." Substitute " string" for " bobbin," and you hare the exact mode of in greet to most houses thereabouts. There is a small church, which serves as a schoolhouse ? there is a chapel, but to which of the dis senters it belongs I cannot say ( and there is a nucleus for a mechanics' institute. We had dawdled about eo long, making amateur, geological, and botanical researches, had col lected such heaps of specimens of both king doms, and came back to the comfortable room eo Into end so tired, that it was voted desirable to remain thcro all night rather than risk a journey to Jcricho, where wo might not be so well off. A pianoforte and chess board were placed at our disposal, our hostess's alburn was given up for inspection, and the celebrities of the town-they seemed jealous at being alluded to as villagers-pointed out to us. And when we retired, such delicious little rooms as awaited us-cool, fresh, clean muslin hangings to beds and windows, with delicate green fringes, and fastened up with the prettiest of gilt beading j any quantity of laos and crotchet work about which only gave one unpleasant qualms, lest by chance a carelen occupant in another room might set the drape^ on fire. Bo casualty of the kind occurred, and when " morning broke with softened light" we were up to- breakfast, and coon on our way to Jericho, provided with B limited supply of bread, and cheese, a pasty and some porter. We did not then, nor should we if ever the same party can go on the same road together, hurry on our way. The cemctery, with its many graves and few headstones, is left behind us, and the "springs" flowing from Mount Kooyoora are moistening the ground, freshening the grass, and filling pools to our right. Row and then glimpses of the granite-aovered sides of the mountain delight us, a new flower tempts us to stop, or a clear echo provokes a song, while the refrain is borne too and fro on the odorous wind. Further on we disturb a flock of sheep-bow many hundred I should not like to lay-but as they went onward, the pattering of the thousands of "trotters" made a peculiar rythmical cadence, more like the pattering of large rain-drops among leaves than any other sound I know. By and by a herd of cattle raise their heads to etare with their lack-lustre eyes at us ; indeed, one patriarchal bull seemed much inclined to charge us. The worst of bush scenery is always said to be its dreary sameness. The road to Jericho is certainly varied enough. Qently sloping hills, grassy plains, timbered land, granite-covered moun tain aides, and peaked hills, towering up into the clouds, are all in the route, only the want, and the great want, is water. There is water, water everywhere on Kooyoora, and we've rounded the base now and got to the other side, but then it makes no show. It trickles I'OTtr the granite in such homoeopathic quantities, each infinitesimal doses, that it is next to invisible. But when you do get to a runlet, I doubt if there is water anywhere else in the world ao pure, ao cold, and so refresh ing. We had still eight miles to reach Jericho, and that, too, over steep hills and through deep valley*, eo we potted up under the shade of aome trees, and -tnWng a a pot not the pre- emptive right of aome lion or bull* dog ants, we proceeded to refresh oar inner man and hones. When people have been in a clear, bracing air from seven o'clock until noon, and have varied an eight miles' drive by sundry excursions among the heathery hill« on foot, it does not take long to demolish a modest luncheon, and soon our porter bottles gave un-Byasscd testimony to our thint, and preference for the malt over the pure water. It would be tedious to readers, perhaps, to go over the country intervening between our resting-place and our destination as slowly as we did. I will only recall that we passed through a ravine of granite boulders, only wanting night to realise the valley of the shadow of death, that we emerged into an open plain, and found ourselves in Jericho. What an excitement our arrival created. " Mother, there's a dray (thus was our buggy belied) with a lady and some gentlemen," shrieked one young urchin in consternation. There waa a general cry of " look here," and we felt almost as if the earliest days had come back, and that we should "tear the onoe familiar " Joe" shouted after us. With some difficulty we found that then waa one inn-the "Plough" I think it was called, though why Plough Tm sure I can't say-and thither we drove. The front door was dosed, and after rapping, tapping, knocking at that shaky door, at last a man's head was carefully thrust between it and a* small a space as would admit it, ud a gruff voice, thatremindeid one of the stoker Toodles, inquired " What do you wantP" On being told "Beer," the pleasant host replied, " Ain't got none." "Oould we stable our horses, then?" " Noi stable's Mown'down." "Hare yonany horse feed?" '? Noi reglar hay and corn store down hill, get it there j" and without waiting for further questlomng, this pleasant .peotaep of Jerfohb humanity cloied the door. Thrown thus upon our owtwamew, we began t*> wonder what would become of us. All our ; edible* said 4&kaMesl;>ad "disappeared «b ttie road, and we had <Uculated -on getting some (hltg to «*t, for wlifch w<rwtffe^alte wady. At «ny sate, the !' regUrlugraai'ootn «ton*' aflbrded aome pratpect of ;N(rashma&t; fiic eqr horses, and tUUier we iMind otir tttp*.. A ,null blackboard with the weed*.<. horws ifaft" direoted (it to tfce "tdj&r; Mare,* anji i|w« w <Wtod bma apt xrtiail, toothing elst, taft the proprietor wg«ged to feed and wattr ear tones, wid to turn h Is own wnyjMlebtjt mate staWswomfor*our jpoar animals, For ourselves, total absMneboa ;£»mdWnr4ot, but we determined to see thit !*WifcW<luS| feotoe specially to eie. .'' '? j '/TigM & &&&ritlone;& that the & a^i'to pur. visit. Scarcely Ji month beforo jhls iff- vthiB- Joatai.« tttnagtr^jrad oner -. Ir ^^d*h^ttd^e«^»utd;fiifmed, witji *.»» «*. !»ro(ktags,whioh",!n <fact,-fidrly dividal jeygwtlo slight a ikli of earth, the whole excavation crashed in as with the abode of en eart.liquu.ke. Happily, how happily many a thankful wife j and mother could beat tell, not one <of the : workmen wcro underground, nor indeed on j the works at all. Tho accident took place early in (be morning, when everybody was getting breakfast, and preparing for the day'e wort. Little alarm waa excited amongst the inhabitants by the dull leaden-like crash and .baking of lite earth which told of the ca tastrophe i at least, little alarm waa created by the first crash, but' when crash succeeded crafli/aa the forest of timber below gave way to the superincumbent mass of earth, people ran hither and thither, and most of the work men rushed to the claim. Then the cause was cosily seen. The great cleft which severed tho bill, studded end supported by hundreds and hundreds of solid trees i the many drives, timbered and battened as securely m the bands of man could work, had all collapsed. Of course, all attempts to resume work for the present were perfectly useless. The labour of years, the outlay of thousands of pounds, bad all been swept away in an hour or two. The wreck of the works had been tbo most particular end of our trip, and now we stood on the brink of tho great chasm, looking down on the dcbrii. Trees two, three, and four feet in diameter had been crushed up end splintered like matches in the oollapsc, and still lay in terribly convincing confusion. Had the event happened only an hour later, at least forty to fifty men would havo been buried alive or crushed into atoms. The Granite Company waa ruined, and some time after our visit a new association, called the " Prince of Wales Com pany," was formed U> re-open the old work ings. I believe it has been a remunerative speculation, for the claim was known and proved to be very rich. Having satisfied ourselves that the extent of the disaster bad been in nowise exaggerated to us, we returned towards the " hay and oorn store." On the way it occurred to one of our party that a loaf and cheese might be pur chased at a store which, wonderful to relate, stood with open doors on our way. When making inquiries as to the possibility of getting finch provender, we were civilly met by the owner, and supplied with biscuits in licuof bread, every one in that Arcadia baking their own bread. Event ually, the obliging storekeeper gave us some of the staff of life from bis own private stock, and further gave us to under stand that he bad some sherry. Though doubtful as to the quality of the " white seal," we ventured, and found it might have been worse, and thus refreshed, we secured our horses, and made our way back towards Ingle wood. Too long a time and too much space would be occupied in describing the glorious tints cast by the setting sun, of the fast closing twilight, the deepening shadows, and the black night Needless to tell of our many fears, of bow we took it in turns to lead the horses down the steep declivities and rocky aidelings, and how at last we got through Kingower, end, far on in the wee ems' hours, into the town of the scrub. Want of spice, too, bas forbidden me to talk over the hot droughty summer when Jericho-it was not reached by the route I have described then, but literally the miners had to cross the Jordan to get to it-was first discovered; how the little birds died in Booree by the dried-up water sources, bow they flew into the miners' tents and drank fearlessly from the panni kins in their midst; and how many a hatdy man had auconmbed to the overpowering heat, or waa etruck down by a ooup de total. All this and much more of interest has been omitted, and I almost feel hound to apologise for the time it has taken us to travel over the twenty miles that lie between Inglewood and Jericho. By and by. when the latter is a favourite inland resort, and when rails and steam have shortened the distance and lessened the difficulties, some people may see the beau ties I have tried to picture to them; but much of the sylvan and unique character of the scenery will then be lost-not to be forgotten, however, by those who have onco travelled over the most picturesque road in the colony. 