'CÏR Cmptre* MONDAY, MAY 7, 1806. TnÉ Panama and Australian Mail Company's "steamship Kaikoura was signalled off Capo Otway at six o'clock on Saturday evening, ? being then, as the telegram informs us, fifty days . from,London.. This,fine steamer would in all probability have arrived in Melbourne oarly yesterday morning, and thus havo accom- plished tho quickest voyage on record. Such a 'commencement as this augurs most favourably for tho success of tho Panama , lino, for if. tho first ship, undor most i unfavourable circumstances, could run from England to Melbourne in fifty-one days, tho .' distance being, appro'ximatolyj sixteen thou- sand, milès, there can-bo no reason to doubt that tho shorter voyage of seven thousand two hundred miles from Panama will be per- formed in tho estimated period of twenty-five days to Now Zealand. As tho long passago aoross tho Pacifio hos hitherto boen tho main ground of doubt as to tho sucooss of tho service, we muat congratulate tho ' company and the publio upon tho great success of tho pioneer voy ago over twice that distance. Wo have said that this trip has been mado under unfavourable circumstances ; and indeed tho activity and energy displayed aro almost in- credible. Tho last mail informed us that the Ruuhine, which had been intended to open the line, had - been detained for tho purposo of making somo improvements, and wo gave this at the time a's) a -proof of tho care and sagáoity with whioh tho company had entered upon the undertaking. It must, however, have called great 'resources into requisition to substitute tho Kaikoura for this vessel, and yet;. she .appears to havo accomplished an .average speed of fully eleven knots an hour throughout the whole, of the long voyage. Seeing then that tlio speed undertaken for the shorter'trip between Panama and Australia .was fixed-at a minimum of ten knots, the practicability of tho aorvico within tho : periods . stated has been fully demonstrated . already. . , Tho whole of the four ' i vessels. intended : for tho service on the Paoifio sido of tho'Isthmus of Panama are now, in dil probability, quite ready. ' The Rakaia was launohdd at Fairfield , on the thirty-first of January last, and theMatuatcra at Millwall, on tho seventeenth of Fobruary. An artióle whioh wo republished a short time ago from a San Francisco paper, expressed some.doubt whether tho ships of tho intended American lino botween tho Isthmus and' Kanáwaga would not bo the ;firat. at sea, ' but tho arrival of the, Kaikoura decidos that question. It is known that the Atlantio part of the Panama and Australian servico is to bo per- formed by tho West India Mail Company, who havo a powerful flcot available for the purpose; so that all preliminary difficulties are now overcomo. Thoro is thus renewod cause for satisfaction that' tho votes of tho Assembly, on tho faith of whioh this great uudortaking was entered upon, were adhared to in tho last session of tho local Parliament. Although in all probability whon tho papers by tho Kaikoura como to hand we shall bo supplied with somo highly interesting details of the lato stirring events in tho United Kingdom, the - actual dates will not bo lator than those already briefly quoted,in tho latest telegrams by woy of Gallo. In tho Empiro of tho seventeenth of April wo publishod our missing telegram,'and according to that tho latest advices received at Gaile from London carno down to tho twentieth.of Maroh. Bo yond the eighth of that month, howevor, the nows was exceedingly meagre, and wo shall look with somo interest for tho fuller details brought by tho Kaikoura, as her nows papers ought to bo, at least, a fortnight later than thoso by thé Bombay. Tho promise of fortnightly communication alternating with tho Gallo lino will thus have been fulfilled at the vory outset j and there can bo no question whatevor that mercantile mon will reçoive much valuablo information for their guidance by means of this first Panama finer. All tho latest information in our possession on the ' Bubjoct points to tho vast advantages likely to ncoruo to this colony by ' regular communication with, tho great half-way-house botwoon tho Atlantic and Paoitio Oceans. A work lately published by Mr. BIDWELL-, British Consul at Panama, positively asserts that tho unhealthiness'of tho olimato of, tho Isthmus, had. boon muoh exaggerated; but this is now of small im- portance to travellers, who will bo ra- pidly transported over land from ono sea to tho other by moans of tho Panama railroad. Thoro oan bo no wonder that tho place had ao long enjoyed the ovil reputation of a bad name. A reviewer of Mr. BIDWELI/S book says: "It gives a satisfactory account not only of tho actual condition of Panama, but tho processes of which that condition is the result Wo first seo the Spaniards raging liko soulless wolvoa among tho Aztecs and Indians, thon sufibring in their turn from tho tiger ferooity of tho buooancors, and finally, without rosources of their own, and noglooted by the old country, sinking down into a stato. of chroma bloodshod,-incompatible with, tho romotbat. idea of soourity or prospority. Nor has tho memory of Mr. PATERSON'S Sootob expedition^ diod out in two hundrod yoars, or tho lesson it taught to spooulativ'o settlors bcon forgotten. Wo aro not so much oonoorned, howovor, in investigating tho causes of deoa doneo in Spanish America/ as wo aro in tho present stato of tho Isthmus, which promises to boaomo tho groat mooting point of tho eastorn and wostorn worlds." . Tho immediate- prospoot of'rogular commu- nication with a grand oinporium liko this is a sourco ofoarnost congratulation, and wo hail, with tho utmost satisfaction, tho arrival of tho pioneer ship that is destined to open tho lino, nftor a voyago half round tho world, with a spoed unparalleled in tho history of Australian voyages. Tho Kaikoura will ho hoartily woloomo whon sho stonras into Sydnoy harbour, and hor arrival may fairly bo rogaTdedintercourse that will bo .frauglit' vvitlí vast/benefits to the whole community.-. Tins'' Rev. JonN M'GIBBON has talton à good deal of trouble to let ns ' know what he thinks we shall gain by the importation of moro Roman Gatholio bishops. No doubt th» reverend gentleman means .well ; but he is under a mistake.. Like most Scotch Presby- terians, saturated, with Scotch theology, lie is moro- afraid of the Pope, and ? the Pope's ministers, than circumstances justify. Whe ,ther the Catholio bishops, now on their way to this colony, will bo gain or IOSB, depends altogether upon tho character and conduct of tho men, and Mr. M'GIBBON appears to know^ nothing about them. If the bishops bo able and willing to enlighten others, or oven to set a good example to others, wo must gain by them. If, on the contrary, they be disposed to claim more than they are ontitled to, or to mako religious faith a qualification or a dis- qualification for a place, a dignity, or an employment, they may be somewhat trouble- some; but, it may be hoped, not moreso than othor ecclesiastics now among .us, who strive constantly, and sometimes successfully, to confine as muoh as possible all honours and emoluments to members of their own Church, lt will, however, be time enough to denounce them when wo find they deserve it. Tho oath whioh Mr. M'GIBBON refers to is not such a very dreadful affair as ho thinks. 11 is nothing but a form, whioh neither binds nor influences the person upon whom it is imposed. Like many other old-fashioned inventions, it is a mere ghost, most likely intended from the beginning more to frighten than to bind. Mr. M'GIBBON can hardly expect a bishop to be 1-J 1- il-1-11- ~t_"il. ic " uouna Dy tun moro iciwor ui HU OUDU 01 uuicu. Doos ho know of any ono Protestant or .Catholio who over was shackled or moved by suoh moans? Of course it is sometimes necessary to make-believe that the oath is not a mero form, but avery solemn and binding obligation either to do or to abstain. But then any interpreter of ordinary skill can always enlarge, or limit, or vary tho meaning aocording to ' circumstances. Oaths which induot mon to office are wonderfully . clastic, and perhaps Mr. M/GIBBON will find,'if ho makos tho inquiry, that they sit as easily upon Presbyterians as on Catholics. If Protestant bishops do not swear td porseouto heretics and schismatics it docs not, follow that'1 they '1 aro freo from tho spirit of persecution. If not all, at least most of them, onoe persecuted to the utmost of their power, and thoy could persecute no moro if ' they, had sworn it fifty times. Persecution, great or small, is ono pf tho , arts by which intolerant ecclesiastics aggrandise themselves, and. in the present ago 'Protestant bishops are ' quito as likely todo it as Catholics. Both do all thoy ean to mako peoplo como to their Church, and boihdo all they can to opposo those, who go to another Church. In this country i the persecution is not very terrible, but that ia not only because the utmost power of tho perse- cutors is limited by law, but because the ad- vanced intelligence of, tho ago is opposed to such a course. Burning, and such like perse- cutions aro not only beyond their utmost power, but beyond the spirit of the timos. But persecution ina small way, and upon many occasions, is still within tho power of persons in ecclesiastical authority, and many exorcise it to tho utmost, especially in country places whore there happens to bo moro than one Church, and no newspaper. Tho oath said to bo tokon by Catholio bishops will not mako thom a hair worse than others who have tnV-An tm AHt.ti. .? It is a very lamentable tiling that clergy- men in general aro so slow to advance with tho times, and to learn what is required of thora. Intelligent men who aro most aotivo and'for- ward in supporting and protecting the clergy, aro often repelled, incensed, and ashamed by tho glaring incompetency of tho clergy, to under- stand their truo position as teachers, and to fierform their duty in a mtinner'creditable at cast to thoso who stand by thom. Men who have intellect onougb. to think and not for themselves, attaoh very little importance to tho mere ritos and ceremonies with whioh religion is so generally associated. Many caro litt'o or nothing about tho forras, tho vest' monta, tho attitudes, or tho peculiarities which distinguish ono Church from others. The presence'or tho absenco of such helps, or hindrances, can bo endured without muoh vexation. But tho best of tho church- goers in thess times, indifferent as they aro about religious forms and niceties of religious doctrino,. are vory particular, and really anxious, about, all matters whioh concern the welfare of their fellow oroatures, especially ef thoso, loss fortunato than them- selves, who have no time or moans to learn any lessons but those which tho clorgy impart. They think that tho clergy should teach mon, not only what is due to their Creator, but also that whioh is duo to themselves, and to their follow creatures. Is this oxpooting too much from tho clorgy, or more than they undortako ? It is not. Tho ministers of ovory sect under- take to teach not only that whioh renders us fit forhoavon, but also that whioh rondors us fit to bo ranked as good membors of society. And yet theysoldom perform, or attempt to perform, moro than one-half of tho duty they undortako. They all teaoh, or try te teach, us tho duty wo o wo to' the Church, whioh fre- quently means thomsolves, or to God, whioh in tho mouths of many is ano thor name for tho Church; but tho duty whioh we owoto each other is seldom . taught at all;' unless it bo taught by. journalists or scribblers of books or pamphlets, whioh; as being mero secular teaching, tho clorgy aro too muoh in- clined to ignore or oondpmn. . Now, if Mr. M'GIBBON would givo his pooplo a few lootures on the proprioty, and tho duty, of measuring mon by thoir oonduot and , their endowments, and not by the Ohuroh to whioh they belong, ho would offeot far moro : good than by prejudging men of whom ho i knows nothing. ' If no has fully proved tho truth of his own roligion, ho neod not trouble ; himself to provo tho error of other religions. ? Whon ho makes it quito oloar that Prosby- ' torianism is all truo, and all its truths ncces- \ snry for salvation, ho may safoly loavo bishops ; alono, unloss they come to him for his advice, i or his monoy, in which caso, and in no othor, ! ho may .properly toll thom what ho thinks or : knows. It cannot tako a lifetime to prove i tho whola and nooossary truth of a religion, and thoro ought to bo timos for cultivating 1 at loast a fow of thoso virtues proper to mon \ who acquit thomsolves honourably in whatoyor position' they be.ulaceöV'nnd to whatever toll' giontliöy'bolong^ mó'ro.'j^ motaplíysióai;;''! *'f-! « !,r;:"r;v|(1'i';^!' , . ;\Viv«Knoj5 ESTAIS'FoW.-Tho. "opmmítioo íormodí ot'tho mooting hold on Wednesday last, to raiso {Under to. freo tho obovo. estate from encumbrance and present it to tho family of Mr. Cowper; mot at|Willi'amV Hotol, on Saturday morning last, ot.half-past ,10 o'clock; Mr, Riobard Jones occupying tho..chair, ..and tho ¡attend onoo being very largo. .The chairman reported that tho salo of tho ostato had.'been kindly postponed by Afr. Smart, until tho 4th proximo, .in order to allow thecomraittco and the public tinto to effect r.tho,work they had taken in hand. The secretary read« number of lettore.ho.had received from,residents in difieren» parto of tho colony enclosing and promising i subscrip- tions, and every one wishing succest to tho movement. On motion of Mr. Alexander.Stuart teocndod,by Mr. Alderman Woods, it was agreed that tho subscription list should bo published, and it ' will bo found, in another part of this day's Empire.' Aftor other arrangements had boen agcocd on to promoto tho «peedy .UCC09B of tho movomont, tho meeting adjourned till. Wednesday next at 4 p.m. It was announced that tho amount already promised WOB about £2000, mcludlog subscriptions from all sections of the community, andi tho fact of many of theso gentlemen subscribing was relied upon as proof of tho non-party character af tho movomont. Indcod tho list itself will prove thia very dearly.' .' i : :'. .? :?? a. *¡ . '?;.>( OAsTr.KaG.ton EiVEn.-Our ; correspondent .writos ns follows:-Thoro wore very And showers (bn tho Merri Merri and Castloroairh on last lYiday. '. Mr.' Healey was about removing his cattlo from tho former placa for tho want of water, but tho rain filled: up his.dam and rendered tho romoval unnecessary., Tho Cumber- land disease, or . what is thought to bo it, is very, pre- valent amongst sheep and cattlo, and largo nümbors aro dying from its attacks. Green gross is springing úpv and a great roi ¡of is fait by squatters in consequence. Mrs. Donohoe, of Merri Merri, sold a mob of fat cattlo tho other day lo Mr. Gi D. Lane, of Bathurst, at SA 10a. per hcad.'dollverod on tho station. 'Tho samo gen- tleman purohaood also a small lot from Mr. Healy at tho same prico. Mr.! Condor, the surveyor, bas oom plotcd tho survey of tho Galargumbone villago, and it is said that Mr.. Skuthorpe hoB taken up,10O, soreB in tho neighbourhood. Mr. M'ICóllár, tho ' Míindoorán mailman, who recently broke his leg, is rapidly becom iing convalescent Mr. Alfred Blackstono has mot with' a very serious accident, by whioh all tho sinowB of tho arm fmvo been affected.-Dubbo, Dispatch. ? Â poclcot cow-milking apparatus has been submitted: to. us by Messrs. White and Brockbank. Tho apparatus'' consista ota set of four tubes about en inch ana a half long, which ¡ boinp wetted,' can' be gently inserted with a rotary motion- into the teat,, ' when it acta, liko a syphon, and tho milk will flow moro regularly than by tho old fashion vvuy of hand milking; Xhe.npparatua hns.beon tried in ' Geelong^ and' is found to answer, admirably tho purposofor which it was ; designed^: o :A set of lourie oontoined in a' box about an ¡non' and a half long by an inch wide.-.Geelong Advertiser.' , MUDOKK S TOOK MARKET.-Crossing and Cox report: -Fat Ca ttle -Tho supply ie about' equal, to .the'.'rer quircmonts. "As tho winter advances' wo tosy,'expect a ecaroity of anything like fair- cattle, consequently prices aro likely to rulo high.- 'Primo lote continuo firm at former quotations. Wo havo eold 26 head,..Blake« hurst's, al £5 2s. Od. ; G. Lowo's, at £5 ; and'40 head boilors, at 30a. Fat Sheen-A lull supply to hand.of middling and inferior quality, which aro dull of 'sale. Small lota of really primo heavy wedders ; would com- mand ready aalos at from He. to 14s. Od. . Store.Sheep- ' -Wo havo several inquiries for atoro wedder*,' which would moot with ready salo. Stow Cattle-I) ul looks In demand for overland trado. Mr. Artbué Cox: reports having sold tho following cattle :-28 head,'light'and middling, Mr. J. M'lutyro's, 7 at &\ 0a., 9 at£3 8a., 7" at £3 12s. ; 8 head, Lennox's, very light,' at, £4 la.;. 10 hoad, Mr J. Blackman's, 'middling and .very light, at £2 18s. por hoad. Tho'market still oóhtinuaa' bar» of good cattle, which, would sell ai high ratest Fat Sheep-10 fat wothors, J. L. Chodtham's/at.lls/ipei head. Tho market is well suppliod with light and middling, but good.wothore would,realise 12s. .Gd. to 18s. 6d. per head.-Western,,Post '" ' OKAHITA.-Tho Okarita Times, of April 14th, says r -If .another proof of tho nomadic, nature of. th» diggers, wore wanted, it could bo furnished in, the exodus that is now taking placo from this district to tb'o Groy. Ia tho face of 'published 'and presumedly authontio accounts bf failure, in spite of warning on all aides, tho tido of population that so recently rushed to tho Bruce Bay district is now surging- back again; though not quito so furiously, to tho northorn boun- dary of tho province on tho woatorn'eido. Tn tho Oka-.: rita district thora is perhaps more'untried and easily accessible ground than in any other .portion of tho coast. Good heavy gold has bean got .within a voryfew miles of tho town, but still tho ,Groy, or any other place in fact, i s supposed to bo tho 'only locality when» ! remunerativo wages can bo got The Bruco on Sunday and - Wednesday took away numbers ¡ bound for, tho Grey. The Lioness followod suit, and in foot, tho returning miners aro, we aro.sorry to any; os a whole, but birds of passage. In a fow.wcoke, .howovér, we- he, vo evory reason to' bolievo, that Web all bô able to offor. inducements that will eauso another flow towards Okarita. VISIT OP TUB PuEMIEB TO THE IiCNTSn.-YoStOr day morning tho Honornblo Jamos Martin, Premier and A ttorney-Gonoral, visited Morpeth,'and accompanied by some of the residents of tho town and neighbour-! hood, ha viowod tho proposed lino* of extension of tho. Morpeth railway, and wo understand that ho oxprcsscd' oimsolf favourable, to tho proposod extension of the lino to tho wharfs.-A deputation from tho Weat Maitland Municipality, composed of tho Mayor,- and., Aldermea Vindin, Wolstonholme, and Loo, : dravo' out-.with, Mr. Martin to the silo of tho proposed waterworks at Oak-, hampton, and there brought under his notico, and ex- plained fully tho soborna for furnishing-tho town with a supply of water. Mr. Martin, af ter n full examina- tion of the sitó, and overy explanation respecting th» sahorno had been mada to him,,expressed - himself ploased, with the proposed works, and gave it aa his opinion that to tho obtaining of a bill for giving the noccesary power,'to tho Oounoil for carrying out tho works there would bo no difficulty raised on the part of tho Government.' Tho Premier was thon)driven to tho Long Bridgo, and tho desirability, of having an em- bankment there was pointed out to him. Tho site pf tho proposed new Court-house, and tho embankment ht Hubert's, wera also visited:by Mr. Martin, and to, these) mattera ho promised a favourablo.attention. , Before) separating, the deputation roturnod their thanks to .Mr; Martin, for his courtesy and tho attention ho had giver* tho mattora brought under hui notioo,-Maitland Mer» oury. ii'-. 'i ? ¡-, U'hr ??; '. OournsssED HORSB. FEED.-Ono of tho, greatest difficulties upon long journoys through desertor thinly* grassed country arises from the bulk of the provision which must necessarily bo carried for the horses. And the largo spaco ocoupiod by fodder has horetoforo acted as a sorious ohoak upon the ox port of ! horso 'stock!' to India. An ordinary cart will hardly aocommodato tho horso's rations in the ono case, ana tho profit on the spooulation will scarcely covor the enhanced freight ia the other, J?or a voyage lo Calcutta tho quantity of hay allowed is half-a-ton per horso, and- it ist reokonod that eaoh ton of ordinary pressed hay occupies (Ivo tons measurement- and this, of ocurso, is exclusivo of, oatt) and bran. Wo noticed at tho lato exhibition on th* Sark lands some oom pressed horso food shown by icssrs O. S. Hare and Av. H." Formby ¡ and wo referred to it then as "containing a maximum of nutriment itt a minimum of bulk," ? Tho judges also .reported upon it os ""a now produot likely to bo bene- ficial >both "fom homo consumption ' and fort export." On Thursday 'wo' had an opportunity, through tho courtesy of Mr. Formby; of examining.abó- bales of horse-cake (as ho torras tho now fodder i moro carefully, and wo wore strongly impressed with tho real value of tho invention. About 4olb. of chaffed hay,, oats, and bran aro forced by a poworful press into an iron mould 18 inohos squaro by 4 J inohes deop. '. They romain thsro till thoy settle into a hard, solid'mass, and four of thoma oakes oro made into a balo, boarded,, hooped, and canvassed. Tho balo contains, of oourao, 1801b. of foddor, and moasurosonly a oubo of 18inohoev Its oompaotness is just doublo that of a bolo of common hay prepared for shipment by tho hydraulic press. We saw ono of thoso belonging to tho Salamanoa.' It was BO awkward in Bhapo as to bo wasteful of apace,, and,, though only weighing 170 lbs., measnrod 8; foot by 1 foot (J inohos and 1 foot doep. Wo understand that the samo ship took two or throo tons of .tho compressed food, and that some of tho bolos aro to bo roser ved for India by way of saraplo. Though tho enkoa' aro. por foctly hard, thoy aro easily sawn asunder, or evoa broken with tho hand, and a,very littlo rubbing up fits thorn for, tho mangsr, whon a hungry horso makes .poody work of them« W° regard tho introduction of tho horso coko as a matter of no small importance, cal- culated In ramier oonaidorabla service both to tra Toilers unùi oiportore, -B, A. BogUtor. ' , -. 