STIEGLITZ. (_FROiI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.! - Saturdaj', June 30. Mining here is still in a languishing state. All our quartz companies claims "are!at a stand stil^ except four. Of the latter the Sailors' Reef Company realized 44 OZs during the past.week. The Redan Company is working the reef from the surface, all the ground opened out below being worked out. The ma lager is wait ing instructions from the directors.. The last cleaning up was 16 ozs. - The Stieg litz Company have baled-the water out of the shaft, aud are now ready to com mence operations. The Albion Company are busy working, but I have not heard tlie last results. Many persons are- now following the alluvial sinkings, aud more attention is paid to this branch , of min ing. The Chinese ace deserving of praise for their diligence and perseverance. Contrary to the opinion generally enter tained that these people live principally on rice, the Scieglitz Chinamen live well John may he seen at any time wending his way homo with a joint of meat, a piece . of bacon, or. bundles of fowls suspended;from the ends of a pole across his shoulder. . He.is generally quiet and unobtrusive in his habits,' arid though he gets credit tor all the cases "of "petty larceny and;fowlstealing, he is-nnt always the guilty party. It is a pity something cannot be done to introduce the. know ledge of the true God to these people, for they are- bowing -down to their idols in our midst. In a hut which I visited some time ago the Chinaman had his god erected in the-one end.- It was set up in a box, surrounded by floating lights and other wing-shaped emblematical pieces.of | Chinese-manufacture. -The owner of the house called this little arrangement his church: The little deity enshrined in the bos, if I mistake not, 13 a specimen' of native* industry. The material..looked very :; much like light wood; '" A: short" Chinaman, with-a round fl it face, who sat on' a bench near the fireplace,' appeared to be engagedrin works of this description. It is a curious fact connected, with deep mining, that from the hours" of. twelve at night till three in the morning the dis turbing influence-. in the 'bowels -of the earth obtains increased activity. At that , time it is.obserye'di-by miners that water J falls' from'placcs-where iioneis observable d'aring: ;the" .dayr " -The- volume -in the WheelHsi;nerce(ifibIy increased, the "at tno-~ sah?£pls'c8arged-.witli gases which often prevent the lights from burning, and ^maU. particIes.of "earth aud rock are ob served to fall'-from the tops of the drives. ■Whether this 'pheribinenou is to be attri buted to the diurnal'motion of the eartbj or other causes, it is' worthy of, the atten tion of the curious. -A: re • ! J- Many of our Steiglitz people are now shifting over to the .Geelong.Waterworks. These works springing up in tho imme diate neighborhood at this time is' very opportune, when the remuneration of | labour 011 the field is so very uncertain. By the "way," a good deal 'Has been said here lately about: the apparent- slight the "Geeloiig. corporation east on the . Steiglits Borough I.Council by ignoring their existence in the little ceremony of | turf turning at Stouy Creek. It was ex pected that at least the Mayor and one 01 two of our councillors would be invited, I as report says that several persons were invited from Ballarat. The reason gene rally assigned for this neglect is, that'as | our councillors do not always wear black | coats, they were 111 110 way entitled to drink champagne with the Geclougeso. This can scarcely be true. . . What though on liamely fare we dine, "Wear ho Min grey, and a' that; Gie liwls their siiks, ami knaves their vine— A man's a man lor a' tluit. Otliers affirm that the cause was of totally different nature—they say that the corporation is haunted by an apparition 111 the shape of a bank manager. S nne llring like the " 11 niacli Glas," t^tvt dodged the step3 of tlie M'lvor after the battie of Preston. They say that the least appearance of extravagance oil the part of that body riles the ghost, and that 1 a stout; dose of economy was tho best charm to prevent him from putting in au unwelcome appearance even in the Bris bane Ranges. "At all events they had to come to the Steiglitz district for a supply of water,-which -will be iucomparably better than the Yap Yean ; and it cor; tainly would'bo an "act of graceful cour tesy to have asked the sister council to share in their jubilation. 