CONGREGATIONAL CHUKCH, . NEW ; ???'? CASTLE. : ' ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. , ? -The anniversary servicesi'in connection with the above church were commenced on Sunday, when special sermons were preached-! by the pastor of, the church, the Rev. Mr. Gniuford. On tlie Monday evening. following, Oct. 29th, I a tea tind public meeting was held to commemo j.-ate...the .same. ...event. '. .. An excellent tea ..was ... served up in the school-room under tlie church, ! aud was numerously attended. The arrange ments for the tea were very complete, and re flected much credit on those who had the management of them., . After thetea, tlie com pany adjourned to the church, where a large and deeply interesting public -meeting was held. The church was well filled oii-the oc casion, there being between three and four ? hundred persons present. Tho chair was taken shortly after, seven o'clock, by the Rev. Mr,,Gainford, who, after expressing the 'happiness it gave him; to see so many fliuncls'and brother ministers present, called upon the secretary, Mr. Thompson,, to read the following report'; ' ' COJBIITTEe'S ltEPORT. Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gantlcmen — The time has again' arrived for presenting you- with an account of our stewardship. In our last report your officers had the pleasure of giving a most cheering account of the prospects of the church's operations, both spiritually and materially, and we feel ourselves justified in stating, that the success granted to us in the past was but an earnest of' that greater increase which would be granted to us in the future, if only we remained faithful td Him whose cause we were seeking to spread.-- jHow far our anticipations have been TOali/icd, 'we 'now submit to your judgment. When we last jnfet you, sixty-two members wore on our roll, being an increase of fourteen on the previous year. 'THa number enrolled at present is seventy-two, notwithstanding the loss of eight members by romovals/so that you will perceive eighteen new members havoibeejd added .during tlie year ; and we have special Ause for thank fulness in the fact, that severA of them have boon brought into' the fellotvahfi of the church for the fii'3fc time through the instrumentality of your pastor. The standing services havo never boon better attended than during the past year. An attentive audience has'fillod tho house both morning and evening. The earnest discourses, and the plain, simple, and telling language of- the preacher have been folt by us all ; and many a wanderer to our shores has carried away with him lioing words, words pregnant withTinuaning, which will well up within him, perhaps in yoaw to come. The labours of ys\ir pastor have by no means beon confined totho limits of tlie pulpit. Wherever lie can heT'of use, there he is to be found. He teMfeVhoro, ho helps there. On tlio right liandjpfa on the left lie distributes him self. TmcO in each month he preaches at the BetjjgJ^Periodic ministrations are extended to Tomago and to Stockton, and besides, as many of .you can testify, he visits tho sick, warns tho unruly, counsels the godly, comforts the weak, and acts in everyway as a man of (Jod seeking tu do good to his fellows, ancl to approve himself as a workman who needcth not to bo ashamed. NormustheforgottheSabbathschool — it forms a very iinportomtrauxiliary of the church arid from its ranks the1 church is constantly ro cruited. It has .been well attended during the whole year. One hundred and throe pupils are liowouitsjroll, and tho average attendance is not less-K'an eighty-nine. Seventeen teachers dovojte 'thomsolves to the instruction of tho young, rjymembering the words of the wise man, 'Train ?lip a child in tho way ho should go, and urticn ho is old ho will not depart froin it.' \Fbur hun dred (400) volumes form tho stock of'tlu- school libraryj or which forty volumes lijive boon added this year. The books, we are happy to state, are extensively road. There is oiic interesting foa ture which wo cannot p;iss over in silonce. Tho sum of £15 has boon actually forwarded to tho Missionary Society as tlie proceeds (if tho Juvenile Missionary Box. Tho Band of Hope, of which your pastor is the president, though entirely national in character, continues to hold it3 fortnightly meetings in tho schoolroom as heretofore. Its vigour is undimin ishedj and it^appears not less pros perous than formerly-^in fact it is dicidod 1/ popular. The success of churches and so ciotiea is often ineasuro&by; thoir balance shoet. A falling exchequer shows a declining cause. If wo be judgedby this standard, the verdict will bo in our favour, as the ordinary income has more than mot the current expenso3. We commenced 'with. a balance against tho church of £12. Your; Treasurer will now, however, pres ent you with an account current in which you will bo glad to find that tho dobt has been elimin ated, and tho balance has 'been transferred to tho right side of the account.' You arc well aware that Tno oniy endowment tins church possesses is your liberality. Your generosity is her source of in come; and here allow your officers to tender you tlieir sincere thanks for the hearty response you have always inado to their calls. No golden treasures have uver.'b'oen transferred' from tho coffara of the State to tho Treasury of a national church with more regularity than have tho free will offerings of this people been dedicated to tlie services of this Jiouso. There is ono other matter that we should bring before you before closing this report. The building in which we are now assembled requires sundry important repairs, : tho estimated cost of which is about £40. Your ofiicors would therefore appeal to you to-night to make up tho uamo, so that tho necessary repairs may bo proceeded with. In conclusion, brethren, allowtistooongratulateyou on the paace and prosperity the church has enj oy ed through another long year. Our ranks havo not been broken by death. Mercy, and not judgment, has boon shown to us, and wo havo again proved that God deals generously with those who trust him. Lotus take courage, there fore, and go forward to greater things. .He who hath beon with us in the pa3t will not forsake us in tho [futuro. Hath: he not said 'Lo, I am with you always, even^gie e -d of theivordl.' JosEiaraBjbMPSON, Secretary. Newcastle, Octobo^HMMF ? Mr. Taylor, the tre^Bf'to^tlie church, then read the balance ' sneef^v-which showed-, that the total expenditure fp'r^he year had been .£270 Gsi 8d., made un^Mlows :— Bal ance from last year, £12 ils? 4d.j minister^ salary, £200 ; lighting arid' cleaning churcH £(J ; premiums on three shares in the Building^ Society, £18 15s. ; matting and carriage, £8? 8s. 3d.; sundry repairs to church proper, .£10 8s. 2d.; oil, stationery, &c;, &c;, £Jk)Ttfs. lid. IJhototal income duriiif' the year from col lectlBs^donations, uad' pew- rents had been £273 3s. icH^jtfflig a net balance of £3 Is. 5d. to the rijiiiM nrTiifrn^imi li ? ..JEn'submitting the foregoW^statement, Mr. Taylor also made some remarWiKesnecting a' matter not mentioned in the reportTvIt had refercnceHto an e%t that had been made due ing the'.ycar to liquidate a debt on the manse or church property. Money, it'1 appeared, hnd been obtained by two parties becoming answer able,- and lately bills renewable in four months had beon given. By those means the amount of the money had increased, the additional sum coming, Mr. Taylor stated, out of the pocket of the pastor of the church. To ob viate _ this, shares had been taken in the Building yocioty with a view to- liquidate the debt. Mr. Taylor likewise- mentioned' that the church had now dispensed with all assistance from Sydney, thus embodying in their conduct the principles they as liulnpm dents professed to hold. After an anthom by the choir. ?'?The Rev. MifPritbhard, at' the fedueat « the chairman.l/brieny. addressed the meetinl He {expressed the great pleasure he had hi hi'- ing 'present, and reuuuked, that as heWw ™ ' the; platform jthe great Archbishop of Ind pendency, from Sydney,', who he knew would alfortl them a ; rich treat, there was the }2 necessity for. him to'ihake a speech if he Mi so disposed which lie did not. By the Km! the Rev ...Mr, Graham had spoken an £ and a half (applause) and ,the other friends a few minutes each, it would be neir time to go home. He adverted to the circumstance of the Kuv. MivKent being proseat at thenre. vious anniversary, and the fact of his apoWk mg for»the absence of his friend Mr. Graham who, however; .they were at last privileged t» have in their .midst. It scarcely seemed twelve mouths since then. The timehesunpos ed had passed vefysweetly, and that was tbe reason he thought lt's'o short. At all events, from the report it aWetired to have passed sweetly and pleasantly/wfth them as a chinch for which they had great/reason to be thank' ful. Tho speaker dwelt abmewhat Mtid* .sentiment, after which he../eferred to adm' pointnient he had in Sydney in not meeting the ilev. Mr. Graham, and also to the pleasure lie had derived on another occasion in listed ing to him. He moved the adoption of the report. - ? The Rev. Mr. Mayne seconded the adop tion of the report. He, too, expressed the ' great pleasure it gave him to be present nt their anniversary services. Indeed, it would ill-become him, he said, 'as the representative of a church wjiose motto ,was !'The friends' of all, the enemiesof none,' to b'e absent oa such an occasion. 'fHe spoke of the unanimity of feeliug which exis^Turiong the various dis senting ministers in NWcastle, and expressed his pleasure in being prjwil|ged to. reside iu a place where the different ministers of, .Christ were on such excellent terms, and coope rated so heartily together. He congratulated the church on the success of the past year remarking that. the success of our church was aground for expectingsuccessiu other churches. He was particularly pleased to learn that tho labours of the pastor had not been in vaiu but that seals had been given him for his ministry. The ' success of the Sabbath school, too, was a gratifying fact. He heard with great pleasure that tlie children hail sent ?£15 to the Misui n avy Society. It was asto nishing what children could accomplish. He saw by a recent report, that the children of England -in the Wesleyan connection had raised tho handsome sum of £8000 in two weeks. Again expressing the pleasure it gave him to be present, he concluded by seconding the adoption of the report. . Another anthem was them sung by the choir, and the chairman iutroduocedthe next speaker, the Rev. John Graham,, of Sydney, who he then called upon to address the 'meeting. Tlie Rev. Mr. Graham, on rising to speak, wy^veiy cordially received He had -.been reminded as he sat there and heard what the preceding speakers had said, of what a colo nel was lcpoi-ted to have once said to the 98th regiment. It was on an occasion when that regiment was picked upon to lead a fore lorn hope. ' Now is the time my men.' said tho colonel ' to become extinguished or dk tinguished. .Now, ho was confident from the predicament ho then occupied, and the expectations that appeared to have been formed, that ho was about to become extin guished. (Laughter.) First of all, lie was nut the Archbishop of Independency;' The tw.o words thus collocated involved a totafc contradiction. ? ludopondciSy^recognLscdj^ such a rank as arch bishop, each church in Wft independent boily being amenable only to Christ. Hu was a bishop, it was true, but not an archbishop. Every minister of a church, he maintained, was a bishop, a state ment the rev. gentleman fortified by reference to the writings of Paul. Then, as to speaking an hour and a half, unless ho spoke 'against time,' and he had never done that, he did not sue how he could occupy , so. long a space of time as that mentioned by Mr. Pi'itchjiriL He thought ministerial brethren vf^v jofton got. out- of a ? speech by inakiiiffl wjscape-i'oat of some indivi dual like himself, who happened to como from a 'distance. This was not fair, mid if lie were anxious to be let, off ite could make many apologies. He had nrtifthod twice the day , before iu a theatre; hVftgono home exhausted in mind and in body,, ami he, had got up that morning at six o'clock tt- coino to -Newcastle. Aud then the agitatiou and wretchedness of those seventy miles on the water. It had quite extinguished him, aud he felt really un lit to speak to them. He had heard the re port of tlieir success read with great plea sure. He believed iu such a thing as apos tolic success, not , as regarded the amount of the collections — -thoiigh Paul himself urged that — but in the amount of spi ritual good that had been accomplished during the past year. He thought he saw the hand of God iu this ; and he was .not af fraid so to denote this. It was a weakness. of faith that led us to see the hand of God only in what was miraculous, and what \yi\s, after all, often, only a concurrence of ordi nary providences.' Still it was a fact that wo are apt to .recognise . the hand of God only in wh'tit' is miraculous. Had wo been present when manna fell from heaven around the camp of the Israelites,, how we should have bowed the head, and worshipped that great Being who had scattered angel's ?l^gd about our feet:; and yet, he thought, thfl ?Mtg^wlio supplied our tables daily withthe ?Kpwe eat had, in reality, displayed a power qvute^as great as that which caused the' inan toa to descend from heaven. (Hear, hear.) Had we been present when Moses smote the rock at Moribah, and seen living, water e«sh therefrom in a j-pre and sparkling stream, how we should ha*j'blf*ied GoS for the water and for this fresh evidlnce of hisJppwer and love; .and yo# the watlr by which lu^ daily thir!b is quonched was as liaUy &j-; d'sM and came as direct frbti '|}iitn as * tjfe/pearly stream that leaped and.danced from ^lia rock' of old. Had wo, witnessed Aaron's roof turn into blossom andfruit, we should have worshipped the power which performed the miracle ; yet that mint clo is repeated every season on 'our' fruit trees, in our orchards, and our gardens, and we heed it not. The same power was exhibited in both instances.alikeT Had we been present when the Holy Ghost spoke as by tongues of lire, wo should have bowed our heads in awe; and yet every Christian man's heart'' is the temple of the Holy Ghost and tlie solitary miracle of the day of Pentecost was vepeated every day in our very hearts, when they were filled with the love of God. The reading o« tho report then, if properly regarded, should kiudle the admiration, awake the homage or evei'ir IipmtK riirhtlv i-li«iww«rl towards 'CrOCU W I jg ft weakness, ho -repeated, not to see the ' jancl of God in the- ordinary things of life as . ' U us the extraordinary and miraculous. He t rthe'r illustrated this point by relat '!' an anecdote of Archbishop Whatley. Thepurport of tue story was to show that Arch bishop Whatley considered that God's pro ijence was as clearly and as distinctly seen in rdinary events as in extraordiaary deliver ances' and escapes. They had to be thankful that God had been with them during the Jst year. They had had no schisms' nor dis ruptions, but had gone on quietly and plea santly together. ' The goodness of God was to i,e seen in all this, and when he looked round and saw so many faces from different tenons of the world— some from amongst Jjie mountains and valleys of Wales, some from Scotland, and some from the same land that nave him birth, the greenest of all the islands in the western world, (applause) when he saw he said, so many faces present from EnelancJ) Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, he ^^?HHpGod in bringjpjBEern all safely J^HHfony tliousandsfflff*'fflfcB;an-l giving Hlmhere in the land of their adoption a 'local' habitation and a name.' (Renewed applause. ) He would have them take courage. What, he asked, was the great end of their meeting together that evening i They ought to have a great purpose. He did not speak of the occasion. He was a little disappointed by the way in that. f He understood he vas comhig to get. 'the manse out of debt. It was not right that their pastor should pay for his manse out of his salary. What, then, he asked, was the great object of the present meeting 1 It ought to be that of the Church. And what was the great ob ject of the Church? He would have them remember their great Master's words, ' ye are ?the salt of the -%artli.' What was the me of salt? Had it not a 'sweetening, seasoning, and conserving tendency % Certainly it had. Under the old law every sacrifice was salted. So Christians were to act among men as the saltof tlie earth, saving them from spiritual cor ruption. Mankind had a natural tendency to corruption and decay without Christianity. Wli'at said history ? Before the||fe-pd, and several times since (the speaker enumerated ?ftic various instances) society became so cor rupt that God had to swoop away the immoral carouse from the iucc of the earth. It was only j$hc ' salt of the earth' that had preserved ipiuikind. Let them look at those nations where there was no salt to search this moral corruption to the core — such, for example, as China, and Hindoostan. Lot them look at the interior of this laud itself where the people were without prayer and without the Bible;. There they found a state of society that gave rise to bush ranging and robbing. The salt of the earth was wanted thero. Goil s;u'd 'Ye are the salt of the earth,' and when he said so, ho meant the Church to exert an influence for God, and to be a 'power against the moral corruption that was in the world. Suit was not so l'lashy as glass, but it was far more powerful to prevent decay. On occasi ons like tho present they came together, not to L-md one another, or to be gratified by eloquent speeches, but they came, or ought to coinu, to get nearer Christ, anil nearer God. 'Ye are the salt of the earth,' continued tho speaker, anil ' the light of tho world.' 'It was the light of God that was in them. That was the gre.it want of every human spirit. Ho did not say the fell want, but the great want. Men lived iu (UH'oivut to the loss of God, but tho want ex isted nevertheless. A Christian church was like that light-house yonder (pointing in the direction of Nublry's) a bur'niii' lamp to bring wanderers homo to God. The members of tho Ulnireh were like the separate lamps of which the one concentrated mass of flame was made up, and their mission should be to guide erring mortals into a harbour of safety and of rest. He would have the Church a praying Church, and a Christian church, and then it would fol low thut they would be a'happy Church. He would have them each one feel individually responsible. They had doubtless heard that buton:, but it was well to repeat ^it. The groat Dr. Liefcliild once saidJiHiat he never knew a soul concerted to .God at an anniver sary service. He (the' speaker) had often thought of thaVJiHt ne could not see why it should be sq..-\ftc related instances that had come under'his own observation where souls had been converted to God at anniversary 'Services. The work in which- they. were en gaged was too important and Christians ought to be too .much in ernest to allow these ser vices to pass over without an effort being made to bring souls to Chpft. The speaker here repeated in a deeply.impressive manner, the verse commencing* No time for trifling here.' He had recently read a book in which the writer ^Ko wed that every man's life (.was aplau of #od.' But said some, 'Do you mean tj? say my life is a plan of God?' Y,es he did, and there was a plan in living By it too. Ho believed God had a personal and unique plan, a programme asityeYc forcvery man's life, if he lived itaright. T lie' rev. gentleman elaborated this idea at ,/Some length. He expressed his firm belief that, in a literal sense, every hair of our heads is numbered. Some persons could not under staucl that they should have any work to do. But it was so. The lamp on Nobby's that shed its light to the wanderer on/ the ocean had a work to do, but it did not interfere with the work of the small lamp yonder in some back street of the city. Tho taper had a work to do as well as the sun. The small brook had a work to do as well as the mighty river bearing commerce, on its, bosom.. The peasant had a work to do aSfSvell as tho Queen, the model' Queen of Europe. . (Loud applause.) YJes, the great God knew eveiy thing and to one and all in their respective spheres He had allotted a part. The rev. .-gentleman illustrated the watchful providence of God still further here by relating a very touching anecdote of the Queen making* a present of a miniature like ness of a little boy to his widowed mother. 'Want of sfpace prevents us giving the cir cumstances. He would have each one believe firmly in*a special providence, and have hii$ rememBer that God knew as much about, and cared as much for him as though he were only one immortal dn earth. ' '. He wotild have each one fool that he in dmdualry had a particular work to do, and t4 try and do that work, if it were one thing, well. All the great powers and forces in na j ture were content to do one thing, and to do . it well. 'This one thing I do,' say? the sun as he shines in all his efl'ulgence, enlightening and quickening, and blessing, mankind. '!.This u one thing I do,' says tho breezo, as it wafts the odours and fragrance of flowers, and fills the sails of ships on the face of the deep. 'TIuk one thing I do,' murmurs the brook, as it ripples along by the cottage of the peasant or the mansion of the great, diffusing salubrity and health wherever it goes, and writing its biography in living green. ' This one thing I do,' says the eye, the ear, the nose, and all the senses j every member of the body having a Special faculty of its own. Let them each do one thing, and do it well, and they would leave the wort& better than they found it. He conemnedjselffishness, and said that in exact proportion fas a man loved and thought of others more than himself, so would he en joy a relative degree of hapjgness. The rev. gentlernrn went on in beautiful and eloquent language, to exhort the^jhuiifi! to greater ef fort, and to incite them to personal holiness. He cod eluded by praying that the blessing of God might rest on the Church and its pastor. The rev. gentleman resumed his seat loudly applauded. [The speech of which the fore going is the merest outline, occupied about an hour and a half in its delivery. It will easily be understood, therefore, that it was impossi ble, in a report of this kind, to do justice to the speakci. We have done the beat in our power with the space at our disposal.] The Chairman again addressed the meeting for a short time, relating an anecdote to show how money given in the serviee of God was not thrown away. Mr. Taylor said said £15 had been already raised, and they wanted £25 more to make up the amount necessary to repair the church. The Rev. Mr. Bain then briefly addressed the meeting. He had been present at six anniversaries but at none had he enjoyed himself as much as at the present one. He concluded by moving ti vote of thanks to the Be p.. Mr. Graham for hia excellent address. If he was not an archbishop he claimed him as Moderator of tho general Assembly of Congre gationalisim which had recently sat in Sydney. The Itev. Mr. Vritchurd seconded the mo tion, remarking that what he said in regard to the Rev. Mr. Graham being the archbishop of independency was only said in pleasantly. The motion was ;t»rried by acclamation, and briefly responded to. Votes of thanks were then passed to the ladies, the choir, Mr. M'Kenzie (caterer) and the ministers of other churches. The proceedings were brought to a close shortly after ten o'clock by the chairman pro nouncing the benediction. The anthems sung during the evening were ' Eternal Man sions,' Lord of all .Power,' ' Awake, Awake,' and a piece culled ' Canaan.' The whole, of tlits pieces were sung with much taste, and went off exceedingly well. 