' THE'ENGLISH TTJEP. Doncaster Ráeos. I TIIB English mail having punctually arrived, vro aro enabled-to furnish our readers with on account of the ! principn1*mec8 of the great .Autumn festival, from'Sell's Life in landon, to them renders on opportunity of comparing the great Autumn Meeting nt homo with the great Spring Meeting that look placo so lately in Mel- bourne, and which appeared in our Inst woek's columns. * FrnsT 1>AY, TUESDAY. '. : -j The CIIASIPAGNE STAKES of 50 sovs, ench, li ft, for two , '. year olds ; colts 8st 101b, lillies 8st 81b ; the second] I saved his stake; Ked House in (5fur 152yds); 48 . s nbs. .... . ......... -- -~ . . ! Col Pearson's br f Achievement, by Stockwell, Sst Sib ^Custanco . Ï. Mr SIcrry's ch c Marksman, Ö3t 101b .^..Fordham 2 Lord Glasgow's br c by TosopliiUtc out ot Miss Sarah,: Sst 101b' * - T. Kreuch 8 Major Elwon's bro Chatsworth, Sst 101b .J. Snowden 4 Mr Savlle's br f UavloH. &st; Sib.~.Chaloner D Belting: 5 to 2 on Achievement, Ö to 3 ogst Mnrks mon, and 100 to 8 ngst Bavioli. At tho first nttempt Marksman jumped olT in front, and au tho inside was quickly two lengths in adrnnco of tho favourite, Bavioli, tho Miss Sarah Colt, und Chatsworth following tho pnir tu tho order named for n quarter of a tuile, when Bucioli dropped ostcrn. When fairly in tho straight Achieve- ment closed with Marksman, renchod Iiis head three hundred yards from home, stayed with him to just in- side fho distance, and then shooting away as Custnnce dropped his hands, she left Mr Merry's colt ns if he was standing still, and, in a canter by two lengtliB, added nnothor to lier long score of victories. Close up with the-Mies Sarah colt a bad third, Chatsworth was fourth,' and Bavioli last. Bun in lmin 14seo. The GritKAT ToBKsniKi: HANDICAP of 25 POTS cad), 16 -it,* and only ö if declared, with 200 added ¡ winners extra ; tho eecond received GO SOTS out of the states , St Leger Course (lm Gfur 132 yds) j GI subs, of whom 45 declared. Mr rainier's eli g Caithness, hy St Albans, 3 yrs, 6st Sib . Thomson 1 Brayley's h f Endsleigh, 4 yrs, Ost 41b . .. . Murray 2 Major Stnpylton's hk h Sundeelah, fl yrs, 7st Ulh -.Carroll U Count Battbyany's bk g King Charming, ?) yrs, 8st Slh..Custanee O Lord Westmorland's Bama, il yrs, 7stSlb... .Hibberd 0 Mr Goodlnss's b o Ameer, 4 yrs, 7st 21b (car 7s141b) HdartBcld 0 Bowes's h c War, S yrs, Tot ....H. Covey 0 Lincoln's h c Selim, 8 yrs, Ost 111b .Kenyon O W. 12. Hobson's hr c Dölau, S yrs, Sst 211) .Cameron 0 . Betting : 5 to 2 agst War, 9 to 2 asst Endsleigh, G to 1 agst King Charming, 7 to 1 agst Caithness, 8 to 1 each agst Sundeelah and Dolan, and 10 to 1 agst Ameer. To un excellent start tho Hag fell without a failure, Sundeo , lah (tho first in motion) and Selim showing prominently in tho Tan 'for tue first dozen strides, when Sundeelah was pulled back and settled down at tho head of the rearward three-King Charming, War, and Bama. Ameer then joining Selim, they ran in company for the I first quarter of a mile, when tho last named took a de- cided lead, Ameer lying second, with Dolan, Endsleigh, and Caithness next, and in this order they wera lost to view behind the hill. Reappearing in sight, Selim was still leading, and ho maintained his front position to the rifle butts, when he suddenly collapsed, and Caithness, who had been in waiting on him, carno on in advance to the milo post, where Endsleigh joined him, and they ran togethor, attended by Dolan, Sundeelah, and King' Charming-who had pus3od the dropping-away Ameer in succession to tho Bed House turn. Hero Caithness again obtained a slight command, -which he gradually increased to tho bend, in rounding which he slipped right; uway, and his pilot keeping him to his work, he never gave his opponents a ghost of a chance after- wards, and won in a hollow cantor by fifteen lengths ; a very bad third ; Solan finished fourth, tho favourite (who never onco looked formidable) fifth, and Kama next. King Charming, Selim, and Ameer, who pulled up in the order named, did not pass tho post. Bun in 3miu 27eec. WEDVESRAT-Tire LEOEB BAT. j It matters not lion- decisively- a Derby winnor may hnvo disposed of bis opponents up tho final Surroy hill, or how foregone a conclusion lie lias reu durod tho Leger for him " on paper" by Bubsoquent oasy triumphs on Ascot's royal neath, in the Sussex Park, or elsowhcro, thc " Sollingcr" never fails to owakou great and absorbing intorcst as tho day of its consummation draws nigh, how- ever fiat nnd sterile speculation on it lias been during the summer months. Thus, on tho present occasion, when Rustic was sent to the right about ofter his defeat nt York, so prolific of surprises, and Savcrnnko burst through tho cloud thnt had enveloped him, having re- covered from a long attack of the ills that "horseflesh is hoir to," his prospects of nvonging the head defeat in tho Derby, witli n chango ol jockeyship and tactics, became the reigning topio of conversation in Turf oircles. With the sneaking affection still entertained by a few for Rustic, to say nothing of tho fond hopes entrusted to the sheet anchors of Yorkshire- Weslwick, Stnrtcpnan, Knight .of tho Crescent, and Podargus-there was slight reason tor anticipating that the Lcgor would lose ono jot of its popularity, and, ns tho sequel shows, a moro memorable race, or one that will live longer in tho recollections of those who witnessed it, was never run.on tho town moor. Turning how to tho descriptive details of the day, we find very little alteration from lust year, and it is the same old story ; for, howover careful one may he in avoiding repetitions, it is impossible to get uwny from tho fuct whicli must bo spoken, that excursion trains from all parts, north, south, cast, and west, poured tboir thousands into Doncaster from an carly hour, and long before tho lato risers had drawn their blinds up, tho town was filled with tho usual throng of horse worship- pers, thousands of whom took up positions in front of tho betting-room, in order to pick up thc least waif and stray in connection willi "t'Leg»r. Inside, members begun to mustor nt such nn early hour that many ob- servers of the times predicted that some important movo was on tho tapis, although no ono was preparodfor tho startling denouement, with respect to "Rustic. Open- ing at IO to 1, taken to small BUHIB, a certain section of bookmakers who aro generally credited with "knowing something," commenced a strong fire of opposition agst him, und twenty ponies wore laid j very little, howevor, wus got, ns tho scent was quickly taken up, and so uni- versal wus the desire to get a bit out of tho fallen hope of Uancbury that 100 to 1 was offered in a few minutes after the commencement of tho attack, and oven money belled that he did not run, albeit 83 to 1 was tho highest offer against him on leaving the room for tho course. It was evident that Lord Lyon had passed a good night, as tho somewhat hostilo feeling displayed against him liad totally disappeared, und 7 to 4 was freely laid on the crack, 9 to 2 being also taken to a fair amount about Savernake. A strontr manifestation bein? made in favour of Wcstwick, lio once touched ll to 1, that price being taken to £200, but at tho break 'up a point inore teas obtainable, he and Strathconan leaving off nt. 1O0 to 8 ; and beyond theeo nothing else was backed. Soon after mid- day a general movement was made towards the course, and to get there in Bafoty was no oasy task, as the crowded state of the streets necessitated very slow walk- ing, while tho drivers of tho many ourious conveyances only pressod into publia sorvico on "highdays" galloped about with a recklessness by no means agreeable to their "fares," (who were doubtless thankful to Bet foot on terrafirma oçain, as they might as well havo thrown their admonitions to tho wiuds os to attempt to curb the impetuosity of their improvised Jehus. A great con- trast in ult it« dietinctive (entures lo the Derby Da;, the Loger Day is'fur to bb preferred in a racing point of view, as »ho rollicking mirth and revelry which forms such a strong component part of the Epsom saturnalia is hern replaced by a quiet, business-like air, and the tykes who come far and near with the solo object of witnessing thc Leger' argue ort thc respeetivo merits and public form of their chumpions willi as great a zest as tho Cockneys enter into tho seductive pleasure of "three sticks a penny" and " Aunt Sally," dr indulge in their absurd proclivities for decorating tlioif lints willi dolls ond |feathers. So invariably have wo to connect our great racing festivals with " the largest httciuinneos we cnn ever remember" that it is almost refreshing to ba able to say thet wo have witnessed more pooplo on the town moor. A wet day looked just on the cards to within half rin hour of tho racing, when tho sky became lighter, and althongbjtho afternoon was hazy,- it con- tinued flue. However congonial to one's taste, or how- ever capable ono may bo of entering into thp spirit of the scene, no finite mind can forui anything liko en ac- curate conception of the sight presented by the town moor, thousands upon thousands stretching from tho statid right up to the Rod House'- tura, arid as they all closod in to the course na tho horses ewe'pt by there, and moved in n body towards tho winning post to catch a glimpse of "tho conquering hero," ns ho was led in tri- umph into the stand enclosure, tho spectacle was indeed imposing, mid struck ua with as much force us when we witnessed our firat Leger race.* Tho police who wcro em- ployed lo keep fhn course did their duty with as much precision nnd firmness BB the A division, but wo Bhould strongly counsel Hie corporation to have a larger posso stationed ut the bend into tho straight, where, in the ex- citement, the people crowdedjin so much that, us ono of tho leading jockeys assured IIB who rode in the St Leger race, there was not suliicient room for throe horses to come round ubreaot. Wo now proceed lo our usual business remmê of tho dny's proceedings. It was still a moot point on the course, as it ¿rad been in tho town, whether Rustic was to bc a starter or not, and some oren betting, though not to any great extent, took place tliérron. ' AU doubts, however, wore- set at rest by the Duke of Beaufort- striking bira out nt 1:15.; .For «mo tim*-pvt- tito Danebury party had «inda no secret of tho horso being -a doubtful stayer, and it was notori- ous that they esteemed Lord Lyon's chance in preference. Rustic, moreover, went so.unsatisfactorily in his gallop on Tuesday with Ackworth as still further to decrease their confidence in him, but he was "kept in" on thc off chnneo of " anything happening," until the Duke, feel- ing satisfied on tito morning of thomee that both Lord Lyon and Savernake, being still " all right," must hold him sale,' ho put tho pen through his name. The with- drawal of Rustie, however, made little or no change in tho Leger hotting,, and sayo that th oro was an increased disposition for a time to back Westwick, whom Eord hám-set nt liberty-. by tho scratching of Rustie-was appoitffed to ride, mutters remained nearly in statu quo ttp,to< tho time of starting. -- Iii capital timo tho numbers of eleven competitors were hoislcd on tho telegraph board, tho non-starters of tho eighteen "coloured"-in addition to tho struok-out Danebury horses, Rustió and Repulse-boing VFar, Cranford, Messmate, The Czar, Selim, and Artesian ; Sealskin, not on the card, and whoso coming at nil wns un afierthought, making np tho eleventh runner.^ Tho field was quito as large as anticipated. Tho majority of the competitors were, however, a moderate lot, and why such animals as Ilnreficld aitd Emigrant were started wo uro at a loss to know. Tho favourite looked in blooming health and condition and full of muscio, while bis coat had a satinlike appearance, aid he did not seem any the worse "for his sevoro preparation. Savernake did not look in such fine condition as when ho ran in tho Derby, in consequence of being unable to undergo a sufficient -amount of work in training, "owing to his forelegs having slightly given way soon after lie had run in tho last '¡na.med race, indeed we aro perfectly satisfied that it must 'have been a great trouble over sinco his last undertaking I to koop him right nt all, and it is really a wonder, with j such a queer off foreleg how Taylor could have trained him; hs must certainly hero required tho assistance of some very clever " vet." The horse, moreover, had lost much of his muscle, ¿rid looked as though he had been hurried in Iris preparation. Knight of tho Crescent appeared Big, and, as the critics said, looked as if ho re , quired trioro timó. Lord Glasgow's and Lord Zetland's colts were in goo"d condition, but ihey had not tba stamp of Leger horses about them. Lord Lyon was tho first horse to show on tho course efter quitting the paddock, j and lie was sp'esdily followed by the others, with the .ex- ception of Sealskin, who had not long arrived at Don ! easter, and being saddled in the town was econ walking up the road after tho others had taken their preliminary canter!: Nb sooner had the horses reached the post than Mr WQeorgo at onoo raised-bia flag, arid seizing a favourable opportunity they were despatched to a splen- did start, all getting well away with the exception of Emigrant. The favourite settled down into on excellent position, lying third; . with Savernake sixth and seventh for the {first mile, in doing which the speed was nothing extraorüintlryj ÜB méy. be áBSrjüntéd for? by the front place so long held by Hárefield. Passing the nula post, how- ever," the paco improved, and becoming really good at the Bed House, it quickly found out the weak spots, as one by one the hopos of tho " fielders" fudod away. Caith- ness momentarily looked like bringing off a Leger Bur prise, and then dying away,tho issue .resolved itself into a match between Lord Lyon-and Savernake, who were watched with intense interest as thoy swept on at a torrifio pace, with Knight of the Crescent just behind them. Extended to the utmost, Lord Lyon came on with a length the best of Savernake to the distance, when tho latter, who appeared beaten at least half a dozen times during tho race, began to creep up, and both jockeys fairly settling down to work, tho' excitement became tremendous,- ind reached ' itsculminating point when, about twenty yards from home, .the game son of .Bribery answered to a final expiriug,'effort, but coald never fpirly reach Lord Lyon, who by tho shortest of heads emu- lated tho triple triumphs of West Australian and Gladin ture. So near was tho finish, that many who stood in close proximity to tho chair were in doubt as to the issue until the winning number was hoisted, which WBB the signal for (ho commencement of,'tumultuous cheering, which was again and again renewed as Lord Lyon was led back to tho enclosure. Both horses seemed souie-t what distroBsed at tho finish, but moro especially Saver- nake, who, not quito in {such good fettle as the winner, wal ked away very leg wenry; \Vo have very little to add by way of comment regarding the "performers." As far us tho result, went it was tho Derby ' over again ; ot tho same timo, without disparaging the morita of Lord Lyon, of ¡whom we have always boen strenuous supporters andjró¿whom wo "went" boldly on the present occasiof; in our taft wjuÜ£.'s_ajialyiis.-wo arc, bound to remark thai Savernake was not quite up to tho form he displayed on tho Derby day, for reasons already fully explained, and it I was a moot point to-day whether he had not tho bost of it in the next stride past this post, whilo Knight of tho Crescent, who was fourth in tho Derby, was-with Rustic out of tho way-third; Strathconan, sixth in tho Derby, being now fourth, lt was rumoured that Saver- nake had been cannoned against and disappointed ; such, i however, was not tho case, tho only disappointment ho over experienced in tho race being a vain effort about rr J mile from homo, to get through hts horses on tho inside. Equally erroneous was the statement that Westwick had broken down, although ho cut a very indifferent figure, and never onco looked formidable. The ground was evidently too holding for Strathconan, who, liowovor, pulled up very fresh, while Caithness, who had boen backed at a somewhat long price for a situation, did not obtnin ono, although he might probably have becH rather nearer tho placed horses had ho been fairly ridden to the end. Not only has Lord Lyon pulled off the throe great events of the yoor, but it is worthy of record that on each occasion he has started with odds on him-a circum- stance hitherto unprecedented-and we moy also note in passing that Oustanco'to-day achieved his first St Leger victory. Tho raco, we need hardly say, was all in favor of tho " gentlemen ;" at tho same time it cannot be pro- nounced a very disastrous ono to tho ring in general. As a rule wo do not pretend to give tho exact amount won by owners of horses over different races, but on Mr Sutton's authority, we may stato ho only backed Lord Lyon for an oven thousand, being quite satisfied with winning tho third great event of tho season. We may add, while on tho subject, that at the solicitation of Mr Henrv Moore, tho ox- Mavor, who takes so much interest in all pertaining totlie interests of Doncaster, Hr Sutton rcry generously presented 50 sors to tito now infirmary. With regard to the many present tho main interest in tho meeting was over when the number of Lord Lyon was hoisted as tho winner' of the Si L eger ; but the "stayers" were next attracted by Her Majesty's Plate, for which Regalia, Tormentor, Ackworth, and Neroli | put in appearance, tho Oaks winner of tho present year being in more csteom than Regalia, tho Oaks victress of '65. The latter, howover, with her old jockey, Norman, up, cut a much bettor figure now than in the short spin of the previous day. The ST. LEO na STAKES of 25 sovs each, for three years old ; colts 8st 101b, fillies 8st 51b ; th'o second reoeivod 100 sovs out of the stakes : St Leger Course (1 m. 6 fur. 132 yds) ¡ 238 subs. ...... , Mr R. Sutton's li c Lord Lyon, hy Stockwell, Sit loll) ... Ctutance 1 Lord Altcsbury's ch c Savernake, by Stockwell Bst 101b .. Chaloncr 2 Lord Exeter's h c Knight of the Crescent, by Knight of St Patrick, Sst 101b .. ... ... .. ... Norman 8 Mr Buwcs'sb c Westwick, by Stockwell, Sit 101b .Fordham 0 Mr W. C. Brown's HarefleUl, by DoSancd or Borrowby, 8st 101b - , ? - .., ... ... ... ... J. Hann 0 Lord Glasgow's b c by Youno; Melbourne, dam by Teddington' Maid of Marsham, 8st 101b ... ... T. French 0 8ir W.Bootli's bro Emigrant, by Warlock, 8st 101b ... Lynch 0 Mr Graham's ch g Caithness, by St Albans, 8st 191b ... Parry 0 Mr Watt's gr c Strathconan, liv .Newminster, 8st 101b ..J. Snowden 0 ijord Zetland's br e Podargus, hy Newminster, 6stl01b...J. Osborne 0 Mr S wille's Sealskin, by Skirmisher, 8st 101b... . ... J. Coater 0 Betting : 7 to 4 on Lord Lyon, 9 to 2 ogst Savernake, 100 to 7 each agst Strathconan and Wostwick,2Stolagst Knight of tho Crescent, 35 to 1 agst Caithness, 40 to 1 agst Podargus, 1,000 to IO agst Sealskin, and 2,000 to 15 aget the Young Melbourne colt. Tho numbers of the eleven runners had scarcely boen hoisted on the'telegraph board, punctually to time, when Lord Lyon emerged from the stables, and was the first to enter tho course, being followed by Podargus, tho Young Melbourne colt, Caithness; Knight of tho Crescent, Westwick and Saver- nake. Tito cantering haring been got through, thc usual parade-which had been delayed by tho late appearance of Sealskin, who had only arrived on tho morning of the race-camp next, Emigrant and|Caitlmoss loading the way, Lord Lyon, Saversnake, Strathconan, and Lord Glasgow's bringing up tho rear. On roaching tho starting point they speedily foll into line, and seeing thom well togethor Mr M'&eorgo; lowered his flog at 3:15, io what'would have been a splendid Btart had not Emigrant refused to begin, and by so doing lost at least a hundred yards. The favourite commenced as Boon ns anything i but on settling down in tho first fifty ynrds, tho You'ug' Mclbourno colt took up the running, Hare- field going sec'orid,- Lord Lyon third, and Knight of tho Crescent fourth < then came Caithness, Wcstwiok, and Savernake, to whom succeeded, in tho order named, Podargus, Strathconan, and Sealskin, Emigrant whipping in ti long way behind the yellow jucket. Beyond th Young Holbourne! colt increasing his lead to about Ihreo lengths, nothing of noto occurrod for about tbreo quarters of a mile, when Westwick ran np to nnd bended tho,favourite, who, however, rcpasscd bim in descending tho hill, and on thc decline of Harefield (who attempted to jump the rails) just befora roaching the mile past. Lord Lyon was left ia waiting on tho lender, tho im mediato foliotera of tho pair now comprising Westwick, Knight of the_ Crescent, Caithness, and Savernake, nil of whom were running in clo3e order. A wide 'interval1 divided thora,from Podargus and Sealskin, who' travelled on together, with Strathconan, apparently unable to keep pace, just in the rear. Along the wood side, between the mile post and rho rifle butts, Savernake attempted to go upon the insido of Caithness ; but sufficient room not being afforded,- he was pulled back a couple of lengths, and then began to draw up on thc outside. Nearing tho Red House, Lord Lyon "took a feeler" at Lord Glasgow's colt, and after roaching the latter's neck, he was pulled back, and loft Westwick and Caithness in attendance on the son of Young Melbourno round the bend, Lord Lyon eomimg on nt their heels, with Savernako and Knight of the Crescent laid up side by side. At the half milo post the Young Melbourne colt was disposed of nnd Westwick being simultaneously in difficulties, Lord Lyon, who had again crept up nest tho mils, assumed tho command, und rounded tho bend into tho straight with Caithness ot his neck, Savernake and Knight of tlîe Crescent being alone loft in pursuit. In tho next hundred yards tho outsider cried enongh, and Snvornnke, quitting Knight of tho Crescent, waited at tho favourite's heels to tho dUtanco, whero Chnloncr made an attempt to assert his supremacy, and although his horse appeared moro than once beaten, ho struggled on with great gameness, got up to Lord Lyon's girths in tho centre of tho Stand, and then making a grand expiring effort, a dcsporately ridden race home ensued j Savernake however, could not quito got his head in front, and tho vordict as in the Derby, wasa hoad in favour of Lord Lyon. Knight of the Crescent, who.kopt a respectable position to within two hundred yards of home, was boston four lengths from the pair.'and Strathconan, who was ridden to tho end with an eye to saving the place money, finished an indifferent fourth. Caithness was fifth, Westwick sixth, the Young Molbourne colt seventh, Sealskin eighth, and Podargus ninth, Harefield and Emigrant walking in with the crowd. Run in 3min 23Jseo. Nett value of the stakos £5,825. PEDIGREE, PERFORMANCES, AND ENGAGE- MENTS OF ITTE WINNER. PKDIGHEB.-Lord Lyon, Mr R. Sutton's, brod by Colonel Pearson, by Stockwell out of Paradigm, by Para gone ont of Ellen Horne, by Redshank out of Delhi, by Plenipotentiary. PBEFOEJIAKCES.-1865 : At Doncastor September Meeting carrying 8st 101b, ran a dead heat for the Cham- pagne Stakes with Redan, 8st 101b (who afterwards walked over and divided) beating Robin Hood, 8st 101b (third), Strathconan, 8st 101b (fourth), and nine others not placed ¡ at Newmarket First October receivod 100 sovs ft from Minoral in a match for 300 sovs ; at the Second October Meeting, carrying 8st 101b, won the Troy Stakes by three parts of a length, beating Mr Pitt, 8st 61b, (second), Tho Primate, 8st 71b (third), King Hal, 8it 31b, Robin Hood 8st 101b, and Sealskin, 8st 31b ; at the Houghton Meeting, carrying 9st llb, won the Criterion Stakes by two lengths, beating Young Mon- arque, 8st 101b (second), Janitor, 9st llb, (third), Jack in the Green, 8st 121b (fourth), The Primate, 8at 81b, and several ofliers übt. placed.-1860: At^ Newmarket First Spring, carrying 8st 101b, won tlie Twq Thpttsand by a length, beating Monaroh of tho Glen, 8st 101b, (second), Knight of tho Crescent, 8st 101b (third), o by Brother to Bird on the Wing outof Rapid Rhone's dam, 8st 101b (fourth), and twelve others not placed. sAt Epsom won the Derby. At Ascot, carrying 9st 51b, was beaten half a length by Rustie for tho Princo of Wales Stakes. ENGAOBI'UNT.-Houghton Meeting, in a match with Rustic for 1,000 sovs, 8stl01b each, D. I. HER MAJESTT'S PLATE of lOOgs ; three-year-olds 8st 31b, four 9st 71b, fire 9st 131b, six and aged lOst j Cup Courte (about, turo miles Ave furlongs). Mr Graham's ch f Eegalia, by Stockwell, 4 yrs, Ost 71b...Norman 1 Marquis of Hastings's br g Ackworth, 5 yrs, Dst 131b ...Fordham 3 Mr T. Parr's b f Neroli. 3 yrs. 8st 31b .Cannon S lt. E. Dunbar's b t Tormentor, 3 yrs, Sst 81b .J. Mann 4 Betting: 6 to 4 agst Tormentor, S to 2 agst .Kegalin, and 3 to 1 agBt Ackworth. The latter mndo the running nt his best paco, followed by Regalia and Tormentor to tho Red Houso turn, where Ackworth, who had been driven along all the way, resigned to Regalia, who carno along by herself, and won, pulling double, by forty lengths, the others, who stopped at the half distance, trotting past thc chair. Run in 4 min. 45 seo. FBIDAY-THE CDT DAT. Were we to commence our closing remarks on a moot- ing, which from reasons already alluded to lias scarcely been so groat os in former years, by saying that tho Cup day was'anticipated with equal interest as t'Leger da}', wo should bo overstepping tho mark ; but wo are certain we shall be on tho right side in surmising that had Lord. Lyon, Savernake, Rustic, and Strathconan como together' ? in-tho- -Doncastor Stokes at their'-respective*weights, it would docidodly have been ono of tho moat sporting races of tho season. Mr Sutton unreservedly stated on Wednesday night that ibo " Lyon" would run for tho Doncaster Stakes in preference to tho Cup, and no change in this arrangement was thought of until tho morning of tho race, when, through tho thinning of tho Cup field, by tile withdrawal .of Regalia cud Knight of the Cres- cent cum militia allis, a decision was arrived at to run him, as, according to pnblio running, Savernake held him snfo for tho " Stakes." Many, however, who carno with tile express intention of witnessing tho Leger battlo o'er again, did not go empty away, ns tho easy defeat sus- tained by Mr Sutton's champion in the Cup was tho sub- ject of far greater sensation than would have been created bad bo succumbed to Savernake. Although short of many of its attractions by tho nbsenco of Lord Lyon, tho Don- caster Stakes was nevertheless unusually interesting, as Rustic (with 51b Hie best of tho weights) and Strathconan opposed Sarernako, on whom, however, 2 to 1 was freely laid at last. Rustió liad many adherents at 100 to 30, and double that price was obtainable against Strathconan, who many thought would provo a teaser to tho winner, ns the ground would suit him better than on Wednes- day. Reversing his St Leger tactics, Savernake mado steady running, which, however, was strong enough to settle Strathconan haifa mile from home, and although Rustic looked dnngorous at^the distance, he cut it in an unmistakable manner, while Savernake, per contra, an- swering os game as a pebble to tho call Chaloner here made upon him, ron home an easy winner. The Nur- sery Pluto, which secured an ontry of fifty-one, brought out a score of runners ¡ and of these Romney, tho light- weight of the handicap, commanded tho allegiance of the talent, 5 to 1 being his price. Fcomy likewise came in for a considerable share of publia support ; in fact, two thirds of tho field found their way into tho quotations at prices ranging np to 20 to 1. Tho favourite was out of the hunt more than a quarter of a mile from homo / and although Feemy looked dangerous at tho distance, to finish was left to a b'mce from Newmarket, and a brilliant racejhome ended in Ford hum'just screwing in the top weight, Opoponax, who had lost Misfortune in a trial, a head winner from tho Amanda colt, wlio had all tho best ¡ of tile struggle fifty yards from home, but wa* juBt ont ! lasted by the Duke of Newcastle's useful stayer. Of tho three opponents of tho mighty Lord Lyon for the Don- caster Cup, only Kama was considerd to have a chance, and even lie was looked upon quite as a forlorn hope, 8 to 1, and in some crises 10 to 1, being betted against him, and 5 to 1 on Lord Lyon, whose owner was' BO confident of Buceoss that, in ndditon to III'B 71b penalty, lie put up 41b overweight to soeuro tho services of Chaloner. Whe- ther or not io thoroughly test Lord Lyon's stamina, Rama made tho pace a " cracker" from the start, and as Ackworth novar gave tho leader any rost-r-Fordham, in fact, more than once unsuccessfully attemDtine to cet to tile front--tho pair, when half tho journey had been com- pleted, wore at least a hundred yards in a'drance of Lord Lyon, who lind changed his legs coon after passing tho Stand. Along tho wood side^ however, Lord Lyon made up his ground very fast, and on Aokworth shooting Iiis bolt at tho half-mile poBt, ho got sufficiently near to Bama to justify tho belief that lie would accomplish a bloodless victory; butRo'mawo'sfoundto be pulling double, and a tremendous roar of " the favourite's beat,*' a quarter of a mile frpoi homo, proclaimed the fall-and what a fall wag there-of tho triple conqueror, as all Chaloner1» desperate efforts failed to bring him within hail of tho Goodwood Stakes winner, who, amid a Beens' of extra- ' ordinary excitement-Tho Tykes hoing fairly roused with enthusiasm-cantered in an eight length's winner.' An immense crowd surrounded Bama as ho returned to* the stund, and little Kenyon looked as pleased as* if he had wan a Dorby. As a matter of courso, a thousand and one excuses woro made for tho unexpected defeat pf Lord Lyon ; but though there is no doubt that his struggle on Wednesday had dono him no good, wo cannot help fancy- ing that he is no glutton, and should he and Snvcrnoko over come togethor again fit and well, over a distance of ground, wo shall confidently look forward to a reversal of their provious running. Tho " cup" is a vase, in renaissance style, (with bas-roliof, representing Victory, tito winged figures on either Bide representing Lifo and Death (ns handles),'and surmounted by a group of St. George and Dragon. It was manufactured by Messrs R. and B. Garrard and Co. and designed by Mr William I'uylor. . . Tho DONCASTER STAKES of 10 sóvs each, with 100 added, for three-year-olds ; colts Bit 101b, fillies 8st Gib ; certain poiiallios ; tho second received 50 sovs out of the stakes ; last milo and s half ; G5 subs. Loni Allesbury's ch c Bavornako, by Stockwell, Dst' llb (In- cluding Clb extra) ... ... ... ... Clmloner 1 Duko of Beaufort's ch c Rustic, Sst 101b ... ...Fordham 2 Mr Watt's gr a Strathconan, Dst 111b (Inc nib ex) J. Snowden a Betting : 2 to 1 on Savernake, 100 to 30 agst Rustie, omi 100 to 15 ngot Strathconan. Tho favourite took up tba running nt » good pace, Strathconan following lat ari ' interval of about four lengths, enjoying !in turn a similar ! advantage over Rustic, for nearly half the distance, I ?vyvhon the latter Vent upi to the grey's quartors, ttío pair ' taking somewhat closer order witfv 8aTornake'"as"they passed the Red House. 'Just before reaching the bendf Rustic headed Strathconan, aud taking his place at tito heels of Savernake, remained there to the distance, where the favourite Bhowed symptoms of tiring, but answering gallantly to Chalonor's call, and Rustió hanging and making overy endeavour to out it, tho hitherto unfortunate Savernake carno on, and won in a oanter at last by three lengths j two lengths separating second and third. Tho NTJIWESY PLATE of 200- sovs,. for.. two-year-olds . last mile. ---j .-.??'. -. Duke of Noweastlo'a Opo'ponax, by Drogheda, Sst iib, Fordham 1 Hr Goddlug's h o by Rataplan-Amanda, Ost 121b .. Ifuxtablo 2 W. Davis's bc Admiral, (1st 111b... . ... Butler S ?. < W. Welsby'* Lady Rosehill, 8st . . . i ^ T..V. Morgan's Gipsy King, 7st 121b' Barnie's Ravioli, 7st 181b . . Jobnstono's h c Child of the Islands, 7st 71b Count Bntthyany's Cheltenham, 7st 71b Lord Westmoreland's b o Foresight, 7st Sib ' ?> ; ). " Mr Jobnstono's b f Iona, fist 131b - .-.»-->» ...... .. X T. Smith's b f Jolie, Gst lab Marquis of Basting's b c Tumbler, Oat 101b > r- f . .> .. Mr Jos. Dawson's br.o by Leamington, out ot Annie Laurie: ' ..Cst 101b . ... I ;.. .. J. Shepherd's b or br c Glenelg, Oat 101b T. V. Morgan's Foomy, Ost 81b Harrison's Policy, Git Mb . ., _ J. Toy's br f Changoablo, Oat 41b , : ? . R. Kirby's ch f Little Trcasuro, dst Sib Capt. AV. Cooper's ch o Nino Elms, fist Sib ...iii..-. »-. ,u .. . . Marquis of Hastings's b c Romney, (1st. . . . Betting: 6 to 1 agst Romney, 100 to IS agstFeomjr (with whom Mr Morgan declared to wm), 8 to 1 agst Policy, 10 to 1 each ngst Opoponax, ; b'oraeight, and . Iona, 12 to 1 each agst the Amanda colt, Changeable, and Ravioli, 100 to 0 agst Nino Elms, and 20 to 1 each agst Lady Rosehill and the Admiral. After a delay of about half an hour the flag fell to a ratlior straggling start, Changeable being tho first to show in advance, followed by lfocmy, Tumbler, Romnoy, Iona, the Amanda colt, Policy, Ravioli, and Tho Admiral, who formed tho. front rank to the bond, where Changeable and Tumblor" " beat a retreat, and Feemy running a tritio out, she let; tho Amanda colt up next, the rails, tho latter now coming on with a clear lead of Feomy, Ravioli, Opopónax-who t; had joined the loaders abbut the half milo post-snot Iona, several of tho others running in a cluster. A quarter of a milo from homo Ravioli retired, and Feomy following suit at the distance, tho steadily-ridden Opo ponax gradually closed with the Amanda colt, and a brilliant and severe raeo from the commencement of tho Stand resulted in Fordham just screwing Opoponax in the winner by a head ; three lengths botwoen second and third. Policy was an indifferent fourth, Child bf tho Islands fifth,, Ravioli, Romney, arid Iona next in a cluster at the head of the others, brought up by Tumbler^ Gipsy King, and Glenelg, the latter, who stopped at the post when tho flag fell, being a long way last. Run in 1 min 54 seo. The DONCASTER COP, valued SOO sovs ; throe-year-old? 7st, four 8st 51b, five 8st 12°lb, six and aged 9st 5 mares and geldings allowed Sib ; certain winning penalties and maiden allowances ; Cup Courso (about 2m 5fur). Lord Westmorland's Bama, by Lord Fouconbcrg, 3 yrs, 7«t ? Kenyon 1 Marquis of Hastings's br g Ackworth, 5 yrs Dst 21b (Including 71b extra) .; .. ..Fordham 2 Mr R. Sutton's b c Lord Lyon, 3 yrs, 7st71b (Including 71b extra) (carried 7st 111b).Chaloner 9 Savile's b c Sealskin, 3 yrs, 7st llb Petting : 5 to 1 on Lord Lyon, 8 to 1 agst Rama, and 20 to 1 agst Ackworth: Rama went away with the lead« and immediately making the pace strong, ho was closely succeeded by Aokworth, Lord Lyon going on third, witli Sealskin close up. Passing the Stand, an interval of à dozen lengths divided Rama and the favourite, and as Ackworth raced all tho way to obtain the command, tho pair, with Rama just in advance, led up tho hill nt least a hundred yards. In making tho descent, howover. Lord Lyon rapidly decreased tho gap, and Ackworth giving way after passing tho Red House, Lord Lyon became second, but could not get on fair terms with Rama, whó entered the straight three lengths tho best of it, and - galloping on with undiminished speed, ho had tho Lyon "dead as a stone" bafore reaching. the distance, and cantered in amid uproarious cheering eight lengths int advance of Ackworth, who passed Lord Lyon on suffer- ance in the lost stride, and boat him a neck for tho barren honours of second. Run in 4 min. 43 sec. 