SIB WALTER SCOTT SWINGING IN MTD-AIE,. All readers of " The Antiquary " must re member the description of the storm and flood —that powerful and thrilling narrative, in which certain of the characters/in the novel are saved from impending death by means of an extempore crane and an armchair lowered down to the ledge of rock, on which 'the sufferers crouched for safety, while the advancing tide foamed and raged below. The fearful danger of the chair and its occupants being dashed either by the wind or the vibrations of the cord, against the ragged iaee of the preeipice is .painted in such vivid colours that the reader all but sees the awful scene, and hears the turmoil of the stormy - elements.. " He best can paint them who shall feel them most." Scott, it appears, was once in a situation of peril somewhat resemb ling that of his imaginary characters. In a Canadian paper, .the Gudph Mercury, April, o, is a communication from an old Scotsman employed in the erection of the Bell Hock lighthouse, and who afterwards was foreman for lighthouse building repairs.. This veteran emigrant, Mr "William Kennedy, now in his 83rd year, gives " Recollections of the late Mr Robert Stevenson and the Scotch Light houses," from which we take the following extract:— " In the fall of 1814 a number of Edinburgh gentlemen, including Mr Robert Stevenson, civil engineer, and the celebrated Sir, Walter. Scott,formeda p£r|y ^;^^aiipo channel^W®ance ° oir^'iNCMSailC^ t|b^; J^mubbu^%r yacht—a handsome smack-^ged tjraft^ about 1100 tons-—finely fitted out for tlieir tBfe. - Theysailed fmm Leith about the lst of August, crossed, iihe channel,=np to the Seine to PanSj stopped about a week, thence back again, and came dowii upon the Bell Bock lighthouse. I was captain of the station at thetime,with two assistants. Atlowtide the indole; party, landed on the rock. Mr Stevenson, leading, climbed up the rope ladder in sailor fashion, the others followmg him. Sir Walter was a heavy man,'ana lame, and had to be hoisted up with the crane. A large arm-chair made for the-pur~ pose, was lowered down to the rock; wI futed i Sir Walter into it, locked the chain, and hailed to heave away. I ran up the rope ladder and received him at the door, thirty feet up from the rock, relieved him fromihe chair, and assisted him up through the hoTOe, describing the contents of each room as we ascended. On getting to the upper room, or library, I set a chair and laid the house Album before him—that is a largexuled book in which every victor wrote lus name and made what remarks he pleased. He looked over it a little, then took the pen and wrote the six lines of poetry which since then have gone all over the world; We then ascended twelve feet higher to the light-room, where. he stood quite in amazement. The beautiful machinery was in motion. The lantern frame, with its twenty-four silver Teflectors, was revolving—the two bells on the balcony toil ing, and everything in fine order. Sir Walter sa>d he had never seen such a sight before. He was rather timid and dare not look over the balcony rail, ninety-five feet up from the rock. The whole height is 116 feet. But now the tide was rising and the party must descend. Mr Stevenson led the way down,, and I stuck by Sir Walter. I went before him backwards, he following, also backwards, while I directed his feet on the iron steps of the twisted rope ladders down to the door, placed him in the safety chair, turned out the crane, and Sir Walter was dangling in mid-air, thirty feet from the rock, as pale as a ghost. I was down before him, and relieved " him from the chair. He did not utter a word,, but gave my band a squeeze, got into the boat with all the party on board the yacht, and made sail to the North, to the Shetland Isles* where Sir Walter was gathering matter for histale of the* Pirate." 