CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. (Abridged from the Empire, Feb. 15th.) WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14TH. Before his Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice. THE MURDER OF MR. KINDER. Henry Louis Bertrand was indicted for the wilful murder of Henry Kinder, at St Leonard's, North Shore, district of Sydney, on the 2nd October, 1865. The prisoner pleaded not guilty. Mr Butler prosecuted on behalf of the Crown; Mr Wyndeyer and Mr Dalley, instructed by Mr W. Roberts and Mr Robberds, appeared on behalf of the prisoner. The accused was respectably dressed, in black trousers and vest, and dark blue cloth sac coat. He had a memorandum book of notes in his hand. He was somewhat nervous at first, but during the day frequently looked on the dense crowd of spectators with much coolness and apparent unconcern; and sometimes he smiled at particular persons whom he recognised. This case caused considerable excitement when the proceedings at the Police-office were published, some weeks since; this for a time died away, but, now that the fate of the' accused is so near being de- cided, has again revived. For those who may not be familiar with the principal facts, it may be neces- sary to state that Mr Henry Kinder was formerly engaged in a bank in New Zealand. He arrived in that colony, about fourteen years since, from London. About five years ago, he married a Miss Woods; and about three years after his marriage, he became intimately acquainted with a young man named Jackson, a squatter in New Zealand, with whom at times he went on drinking bouts. Jackson, after some time, appears to have been guilty of criminal intercourse with Mrs Kinder. At length Kinder became ill from the effects of hard drinking, and either before or about this time, Jackson wrote and promised to marry Mrs Kinder when she was a widow. Kinder recovered, and, one evening, in having some words with his wife, he threw a cup of tea in her face. Jackson interfered, whereupon Kin- der challenged him to a duel in a back room. This affair blew over and Kinder and wife removed from New Zealand to Sydney. About this time Kinder was under some pecuniary obligation to Jackson who, in about August, 1865, also came to Sydney, and, a few days after his arrival, found Kinder's resi- dence and remained as a guest for a few weeks. When Kinder arrived in Sydney he was appointed teller in the City Bank. Some time subsequently Mrs Kinder paid avisit to Bertrand, then carrying on business as a dentist in Wynyard-square. She went for the purpose of having some artificial teeth rectified. An improper intimacy, however, soon sprang up between her and Bertrand, who was already married and had two children. Bertrand and his wife, in the course of a few weeks, became friendly visitors at the house of the Kinders, and were on visiting terms when Jackson arrived from New Zealand. Bertrand, who was intensely in love, or professed to be, with Mrs. Kinder, was not slow to discover the place which his rival, Jackson, had in her affections. A mutual understanding was soon arrived at, and when the question was put plainly by Jackson to Mrs Kinder, whether she had any re- gard for Bertrand, she replied yes, and this was stated apparently in the presence of both Mr and Mrs Bertrand. Jackson then made up his mind to leave Sydney, using words which signified that he surrendered all to Bertrand, and promised, when he got to New Zealand, to send Bertrand a packet of Mrs Kinder's letters to him for his especial edifica- tion. Feelings of the most intense kind had been so aroused by these two men, that when they parted, Bertrand, who had frequently been talking of shooting and poisoning, told Jackson he need not be surprised at anything he might hear. Jackson went to West Maitland, and was not long there before he read the particulars of an inquest on Kinder's body, and was to use his own words, "stunned, horrified, and shocked" at the evidence given by Bertrand. Jack- son wrote a letter to Bertrand threatening to de- nounce him for perjury if he did not enclose him £20 to enable him to leave the colony. Bertrand replied by at once placing the matter in the hands of the police, and Jackson was sentenced, for his threatening letter, to twelve months' imprisonment. This letter led to further inquiries, until the affair culminated in a charge of murder against Bertrand and Mrs Kinder. All witnesses in the case were ordered out of court until called upon. Mr Butler, in opening the case, said,the prisoner was charged with the wilful murder of one Henry Kinder, late chief teller in the City Bank; and this charge would be sustained by evidence of such a na- ture that would show that the circumstances sur- rounding it were almost unexampled in the annals of crime. The evidence was complex, and therefore required the utmost care on the part of the jury. The first inquiry would be as to the cause of death; and it would be disclosed that there were two con- tributing causes of death alleged by the prisoner, viz., that Kinder had been shot, or been poisoned. If they found that the prisoner shot Kinder, and death followed, they would have no doubt as to the cause of death. The question of poisoning would be the subject of the next investigation. If they believed, on the evidence, that the prisoner Bertrand a inflicted the wound on the man Kinder, whether death followed immediately or at some time after, if that wound was ultimately the causd of death, they would have no difficulty in arriving at a conclusion. If they also found that the prisoner accelerated the death of Kinder by poison inwardly, or by poisoning the wound, that would also be a subject for their careful inquiry. The poison was said to be not of a mineral but of a vegetable kind, most deadly in its effects. There were two versions as to the death of Kinder, both given by Bertrand, and a comparison of these two statements was very material. The first statement given by Bertrand was at the inquest held on Kinder's body, at Dind's Hotel, North Shore, on Saturday, October 7th. (Bertrand's evi- dence at this inquest was here read by the learned counsel.) This was Bertrand's version, and that Kinder had no cause for being jealous. The case which the Crown wished to lay before the jury was, that for months previously to the death of Kinder there was an intimacy of a most passionate and illicit character subsisting between Bertrand and Mrs Kinder. Bertrand, nervous and excitable in his temperament, had become so infatuated and mad- dened by his strong pnssion for Mrs. Kinder, that he became violently jealous of every one who spoke to her. He was intensely jealous of a man named Jackson, between whom and Mrs Kinder an impro- per intimacy had already existed. He was jealous even of her husband--Kinder. He became dissatis- fled with his own wife, and was contemplating a divorce, and a perspective marriage with Mrs Kinder. But how could this be accomplished unless Kinder was put out of the way? His passion was so strong, his temper so violent, that he had so controlled his wife as to make her a merely passive, submissive, and terrified object. All this was going on during the lifetime of Kinder, after whose death facts were disclosed between Bertrand and Mrs Kinder, who had then gone to her mother in Bathurst, that strengthened the presumption that Kinder had been foully murdered. Letters passed between Bertrand and Mrs Kinder, and a diary, in Bertrand's hand- writing, was found at Bertrand's residence, which showed that some foul crime had been committed. The composition of this diary showed how ardent, how passionate, and how strongly sensitive he was. [Portions of his diary which was evidently written for Mrs Kinder's perusal, were then read by the learned Crown Prosecutor.] Mr Butler then continued, and referred to Ber- trand's first version of Kinder's death--that he was with Kinder at the North Shore, and went to Daid's public-house, where they had a little beer; that they returned to Kinder's house, and sat in the front room, where were also Mrs Kinder and Mrs Ber- trand; that Kinder, while seated on a chair, pre- sented a pistol to his own head, and shot himself. This occurrence was kept secret from the public for several days. Dr Eichler was called in. The pistol belonged to Bertrand, and it would be further shown that Bertrand, not wishing to be known, went dressed in female apparel to purchase pistols. The antecedent motive, the design, the motives before the fact, the fact occurring, the admissions after the fact \--all these points considered, they would find that the admissions had not been made from any delusion. Persons under delusion had made the most random, and sometimes, the most coherent statements; but here was anterior design, motive, a palpable object in view, an end to the accomplished, and all the prior circumstances and subsequent admissions pointed to one end--the death of Kinder, the divorce from Mrs Bertrand, and the uniting of Bertrand and Mrs Kinder. Evidence would be called to support the whole of the occurrences. There would be one witness who would be examined, whom, at the worst could only be called by counsel for the defence as an accomplice of the prisoner's. But it would be for the jury to look at his manner, and to weigh well and carefully the evidence he would give. It would be shown that Bertrand went in a boat several times to the North Shore, in a very mysterious manner, at one time armed with a pistol, at another armed with a tomahawk, and that he entered Kinder's house at the dead hour of the night. Instead of his ordinary dress, Bertrand would sometimes put on a red flannel shirt. Why? The assistant to Bertrand would tell them that this was designedly put on to conceal blood, in the event of blood being spilt. Besides witnesses to corroborate a particular class of circum- stances, and to lay before them a concatenation of events leading to the foul murder, they would have the medical testimony of several gentlemen. Medi- cal testimony sometimes differed, and though he did not in the least disparage the testimony of Dr Eichler, who first attended Kinder after being shot, and who was told that he had shot himself with a pistol, loaded only with wadding; they would have the evidence of Dr Alloway, a surgeon of great ex- perience in gun-shot wounds, supported by that of Dr Alloyne, to show that some harder substance than wadding inflicted the wound and fractured the bone near the temple. It might be alleged that the prisoner was mad, but what kind of madness could it be, save such as was brought on himself by his violent and criminal passion for Mrs Kinder? The evidence of the witnesses was then taken, the principal testimony being that of Alfred Burne, as- sistant to Bertrand, and which has been already pub- lished; and Mrs Kerr, Bertrand's sister, to whom Bertrand had confessed that Kinder had first been shot by him and afterwards poisoned. The trial lasted two days. On Thursday the pri- soner appeared more hopeful and less nervous than before, and surveyed the dense mass of spectators with much unconcern. The case for the Crown being closed, Mr Dalley then addressed the jury on behalf of the prisoner. He said he would show that his client was entitled to a verdict of acquittal at their hands. It was, in the first place, necessary for them to divest their minds of all prejudice. Circumstances of a most extraordinary character surrounded this case, which had been made revolting and loathsome in the highest degree by the publication of observations and newspaper comments of a most improper kind. But they must neither listen to the vile rumours nor random statements which had been sent abroad, but judge the prisoner by the evidence, and on that alone, which had been placed before them. They were sworn to do their duty, and to decide according to evidence. If they were to be guided by any of the very extraordinary stories which Bertrand had told of himself, if they could only fix on one of those ro- mantic tales of himself as being true, then they would have something tangible to rely upon, because a statement made by a prisoner was the very stron- gest kind of evidence. But they could not rely on any single one of the stories he had told of himself. They must not forget that this case was an appeal from another tribunal--the coroner's court--where the subject had been duly investigated, where wit- nesses had been examined, and where the jury had returned a verdict that Kinder died by his own hand. They must not forget that fact. The motive now attributed to the prisoner for the murder of Kinder was the possession of his unhappy wife. This Sexual passion, once allowed to go on unbridled, unchecked either by the exercise of reason or the influence of religion, could not be controlled until it had led its victim to the perpetration of the most revolting crimes. The theory of the Crown was, that the prisoner had an ungovernable and flaming passion for Kinder's' wife; that he was maddened in his eagerness to possess her that he would go to any ex- treme; that he would put both Kinder out of the world, or any one else that stood in his way to the possession of Mrs Kinder. But, long before the death of Kinder, he had possession of her for all the purposes of his sensual, ungovernable, low, and abandoned passion. He would admit the theory of the Crown that he was seized with an ungovernable passion for Mrs Kinder; but what necessity was there to dispose of Kinder or anyone else when she was already an adulteress? He would not speak harshly of many of the witnesses, because they had evidently come to tell romantic stories told to them by Bertrand; but the witness Burne required some especial consideration, because there was design in him. Here was a young man, four years in the employ of the prisoner, who left his work usually about six o'clock, and then went to perform melo- drama at the theatre. His mind seemed to have been fed by scrofulous French novels, and other rub- bish of this kind. He was full of romance, and loved the wood, the water at midnight, the myste- rious. He comes here now, and tells the most damning evidence against his master. He speaks of buying pistols, of midnight boat excursions, of dressing in disguise, the tomahawk, the shining moon--what was all this but the taint of the ranting melodramatic nonsense brought by this young man from the theatre. While he stood in that witness- box, and clothed his master's body with the garb of disguise, he clothed his master's soul also with the blackness of deception. For years had Bertrand been in the habit of disguising himself, of painting his face, of dressing in female apparel, or as an actor, of crying out for his life, and carrying on all sorts of mad tricks. He tells Burne the most palpable lies of his duels in France, his murder in Brussels, his theatrical performance at Sadlers Wells, and his wonderful successes with the principal actress, and with other women. All that Bertrand had said of himself was now recollected and brought against him to substantiate a charge of murder. To hear him speak of himself one would think that Bertrand was a most desperate fellow, and the hero of a hun- dred adventures. The probability is that the reverse was the case. There was nothing heroic about him. He was not about to set up the plea of insanity in behalf of the prisoner, because he would tell them plainly that there was no species of madness under the operation of which the prisoner was labouring that would excuse him for the offence with which he was charged. But he was afflicted with a species of insanity that would account for the extraordinary lies that he had told about himself. He had lost all particle of moral courage, if he ever possessed any. He was utterly abandoned to all delicate or moral sentiments, destitute of an atom of moral courage. He was anxious for the world to think him a very determined and most extraordinary man, a man not to be trifled with. He had a passion for notoriety. With a young wife and two beautiful children he visits a friend's house at the North Shore, and calls himself the devil, to frighten not only his wife, but his sister and other guests; and than threatens to horrify them by calling up the ghost of Kinder. To make himself more horrible he accuses himself of the murder of Kinder. They had heard the story, told most pathetically by the prisoner's sister, of the horrible lying accounts he had given of himself, and of his conduct. She did not believe his accounts, nor did the very man Burne who came so unblush- ingly to denounce his master believe them. He knew of Bertrand's eccentricities, knew why he went to the North Shore, knew the whole design, not of murder, but he knew and assisted in it. Base, in- deed, must a mind such as his be, who could look upon his master's illicit intercourse with Mrs Kinder as a joke. But even Burne had belied himself. He knew it was no joke, although he called it one. He was so filled with petty melodramatic ideas that he construed all into the romantic. He had his own version to relate, and yet not a single statement of Burne's had been clearly corroborated. The learned counsel then reviewed the evidence of Jackson; his criminal intercourse with Mrs Kinder in New Zea- land, his threatening letter to Bertrand and Ber- trand's action in this matter. He contended that Bertrand's conduct in reference to this letter was utterly inconsistent with the presumption that he was the murderer of Kinder. After commenting on other portions of the evidence he submitted that Bertrand was no murderer, but admitted he was a liar of the greatest magnitude. He would put on hideous disguises and assume characters solely to gain some frivolous object. His success with women he particularly prided himself in. He was cowardly and hence his aim to frighten people. He was not rich, he could not by wealth attain to all he aspired, and therefore to terrify his victims he called himself the devil, assumed horrible shapes, talked of mes- merism, and committed the most extravagant acts. Take him if they would, to be a low, abandoned, sensual, blabbing, lying, eccentric depraved fellow, but he was not a murderer. A murderer did not blab of his murders. All was done in the dark, alone, and brought only to light by unexpected de- tection, or by other means. Never would they find a murderer going about blabbing of his offence, and priding himself on it. But Bertrand did this because he was a liar. They had evidence that Bertrand said he had attempted to blow his own brains out; that he had taken aconite; that he said Kinder shot himself; that he said he shot Kinder; that Kinder was poisoned; that his wife mixed it. Which was true? Taking his own self-accusations, which of them is true? The learned counsel then alluded to the diary. This was written by Bertrand under a compact with Mrs Kinder, for her sole perusal. Little did he think that it would be read by the whole world. His compact was a hollow one. He knew the slippery hold he had of her, and she knew what kind of man Bertrand was. It was a compact of mutual terror. They both, one in his diary, the other in her letters, unfolded their ardent souls to each other; but how unmeaning, what hollowness, how deceptively they were dealing with each other! They spoke of religious subjects, and invoked Divine assistance with the humility of saints; yet other portions of the diary showed how morally depraved he was. The melo- dramatic nonsense of the youth Burne, in the pur- chase of the pistols must be discarded altogether. Those pistols had nothing to do with the shooting of Kinder. They were purchased, but for stage purpo- ses. The pistol produced at the inquest was the one which inflicted the wound, and the prisoner, in his evidence at that inquest, said he gave it to Kinder. There was no disguise. If he murdered Kinder there was one, not dead, who now knows it. Though Mrs Bertrand could not give evidence against her husband, she could have been brought to this court. There was another theory. If, between the time Kinder received the wound, and the time of his death, he was conscious, and any human being had come within his sight, would he not, if he had been shot by another, have requested to be at once remo- ved from the murderers around him? He was con- scious, and two days after the wound, a sergeant of police was with him; yet he makes no specific state- ment that another had inflicted the wound. He was visited the night of his wound by Dr Eichler, and two days after, or the next day by Dr Wright, yet no statement that he had been murdered by another was made. The medical testimony was adduced to support the theory of the Crown, that the pistol was loaded with a bullet, and that a second party must have fired the shot. Dr Eichler's evidence was, that Kinder had committed suicide. Dr Wright does not deny that such was not the case, but he believes another person may have inflicted the wound. Dr Alloway was positive that some hard substance had struck the bone, and to some extent Dr Alleyne agreed with this. But the pistol barrel may have been close to the head, and the concussion against the bone when the pistol exploded may have fractu- red it. The medical testimony he submitted was on the whole in support of the presumption of homicide. Medical testimony was always conflicting. As regarded the question of poisoning, no poison had been discovered in the stomach, no poison had been found in the room, nor in Kinder's house; no poison was proved to have been given. The theory of poison had not been proved save by the usual amount of lies of the prisoner. After a most elo- quent address, of about two hours and a half, the learned counsel left the matter to be dealt with by the jury according to their consciences between God and the prisoner, and he felt certain they would ar- rive at a conclusion that Kinder had not been mur- dered by the prisoner. HIS HONOR said he would commence his charge to the jury next morning at nine o'clock., The Court adjourned at half-past six o'clock until nine o'clock this day. The jury, as yesterday, were removed in charge of the officers of the court. The Chief Justice summed up on Friday, occupy- ing upwards of three hours, and besides laying bare the character of the witnesses to test them as wit- nesses of truth, he next went through sundry pas- sages in Bertrand's diary, and afterwards commented upon the evidence in detail. No point, either for or against the prisoner was omitted to be noticed, and the general impression was, from his Honor's sum- ming up, that the prisoner would be found guilty. The jury, however, could not agree, after being de- tained in custody one night. On Saturday they were discharged by his Honor from giving any verdict, and the prisoner was remanded to his former custody. 