PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. EDITING EDITORS. The Naples editors«are so awfully full of honour tliat they hare been quarrelling and running one another through three times a week. So, by way of self-preservation, they have instituted a " Jury of Honour,'' and journalistic squabbles are now adjusted before this tribunal. If one " We" have intimated our belief that nur contemporary is an idiot and a traitor, and the other " We have rejoined that our assailant is an ass and a scoundrel, the Jury of Honour balances the epithets, and decides that neither "We" has a right to call out his antagonist. The American Press have cone a straighter way to work, and everybody calls everybo y everything, and nobody lights, because everybody knows that it is all true. HOSPITAL NOTICE. Any accident that may happen on the Fifth of November are attended to at Ijuv'f. HOT WATER IN PAST AGES. Lord Russell is pilcously entreated hy Mr. Bright's organ to invent a new Beform Bill. His Ijor.Isbip is reminded that on a certain llth of April he cried bec-iuee he had to ahandon a Bill of bis own. He is told there were doubts as to the character of this hydraulic demonstration, but that mo-t persons 1 relieved it to he sincere. The Star implies that wc shall now know whether it Wiis sincere or uot. If Lord Itussell makes a new Bill, he was in earnest when he wept. If he does not. lie was merely acting. With a passing compliment to the gentlemanly grace of such a reference, Mr. JPunch would observe that he fails to see the logic of the proposed inference. A dozen years makes much difference in our sensa tions. At four, we cry, very sincerely, for the moon. At sixteen, we scorn the moon, but cry sincerely (but privately) because cousin Loo prefers cousin rid round. At twenty-eight, we cry (very privately, or only after much champagne) liecause ltigdumfunnidos has lost the Derby, and all our bets. Thenceforth we don't cry at all until our favourite daughter bolts with poor Blown instead of rich JontB, and these are very sincere tears. Poor Brown has brains, and becomes a well-to-do Vicar, and we again begin crying sincerely when he turns Dissenter. Finally we cry over nothing 1 less important than the new actress's sobs in Mrs. Haller. We have been in thorough earnest at each outbreak, but each has its proper date, and we are not to lie told that we are act rs, because having cried over cousin Loo at sixteen, we don't care twopence for cousin Loo at tweuty-e:ght. The Star's logic is of a piece with Dr. Johnson's:— " If the man who turnips cries, Cries not when his father dies, " • is a proof that he had rather Have a turnip than his father." Lord Russell was very sorry to abandon that Bill. He is now twelve years older, and may have other objects at heart. At all events we protest against the water-test. A ItCLE FOR RAILWAY TRAVELLING. " Will you allow uic. Sir. to offer yon a cigar?" "Thank you, but I never smoke." "Haveyoiiany objeciiontomy lighting one,Sir?" "Oh! no, none in the leas'." This plan is infallible with the most Puritanical looking fellow- travelle-. Never think of putting the second question first. The pro duction of the cigar and the generous offer are sure to disarm all crusty objections. Try it. IN WESTMINSTER ABBEY. October 27, 1865. The fitful sunlight of October flames Though stained .and storied glass, athwart the gloom. Frettiug the walls—one bead-roll of great names. Dyeing the pavement-one illustrious tomb. From the south transept, I and those beside Look down, across the monuments of Kings, To the north transept, where agrave yawns wide, Garner of this ripe sheaf which England brmgst Sadly yet proudly, here to lay it down, Where a great man should rest, among his peers; That so the honours of the grave may crown. A life as full of honours as of years. In this assemblage, group, d in reverence round. How many faces to all England known— Lawgivers, judges, oiators renowned, The trusty pillars of the State and Throne! Hearing or holding talk, one topic still Is on all tongues—the man that we have lost : How swift in work, how strong, not stern, of will. How his green heart seemed proof 'gainst age's frost. And that more deadly blight, which the world's use And office's experience oftenest bring. Killing love, e'en in hearts of love profuse. And freezing hope and faith, down at their spring. So they speak—those who guide our land to-day, The shupers of our English life and law— Men who the counsels of the nation sway. And make the tides that its opinion draw. And he, whose coffin up the Abbey nave Is borne with choral swell and organ roar, To rest between the altar and the grave. And then to be slung down, and seen no more, But now was busiest of this bisy throng. 'Mongall the notables the first of note: The wakefullest, though the debate were long. The cheeriest, though adverse were the vote. 'Tis hard e'en now to feel that he is dead. Who seemed but yesterday as full of life As any here of those he fought or led. By friend and foe alike cheered through the strife. I look across to where he will he laid. And there a silent company I see— White faces, marble forms, of those that made The history that never more can be. Chatham and Mansfield. Fox; Pitt, Castlercagb, Horaerani Grattan, Wilberforce and Peel; And, last precursor on the common way, Lewis, whose loss scarce less than tins we feel. They seem to look out of the deep'ning gloom. And bid him voiceless welcome to their throng— "Come to us . . , us, the conclave of the tomb. And take the place reserved for thee so long." VERBAL TWISTING AND SPINNING. What is the dilieieuce between a "cotton-gin" and a "glass of gin-twist?" And if the landlord of a gin-palace is called a "gin-spinner," is the landlady a "spinning-Jenny? magnetic. Gentleman—"Is it possible to send a kiss to Brighton? Oierkess—"Oh, yes, Sir; but it must be re peated two or three times, to make quite sure." FROM TONICS TO IRRITANTS. Spain, not satisfied with her course of Peruvian bark, has now plunged herself into a Chili pickle. This splenetic small Power does not know what to be at, and the great Powers ought, in kinduess, to put her into a strait-waistcoat. It will not prove easy to secure her, to judge hy the dexterity with which she has slipped out of her bonds on former occasions. HISTORICAL FACT. Our British ancestors dyed themselves. Hence, when a youthful barbarian engaged herself to a young savage, she was said to be "tcoad and won!" WE LIVE IN DIFFERENT TIMES. The talisman of old was supposed to bring wealth; but the tally's-man of the present day is only sure to bring ruin. THE TIPPLER'S PARADISE. Portsoken Ward. THE WALL-FLOWER. OB, THE SONG OF THE ON ASKED ONE. (By J-hn Br-ght, ALP.) Around my place the dancers throng, fily lonely seat the swells flow by; I hear the murmur, low and long. Of prompt request and pleased reply. For Gbschen. Forster, Stansfeld there, Impassioned wooers throng the rooms, Aly eyes's as bright, my form's as fair. But all unsought the Wallflower blooms! They say that lam hot of mood, And quick to give and take offence; O'er fancied slights inclined to brood, And prompt to scorn on slight pretence; And therefore 'tis I sit apart, Defy neglect, and nurse my fumes; But not a sigh shall 'scape my heart, Though all unsought the Wallflower blooms! Lord Bussell moves about the liall. In quest they say of youtiiful blood; On me I saw Ilia glances fall. But he ne'er stirred from were he stood. I see liim steal to Goschen's side. And in his eye a promise looms; 16ee his hand to Staisfeld's glide But all unsought the Wal flower blooms! Wooer, ask on! and. wooed, replied! I care not—lam fancy-free; A higher dream employs mine eye— I love my Star, my Star loves me! And when my Star shall statesmen sway To seek its smiles and fear its glooms. Between us they shall rue this day. When all unsought the Wallflower blooms! CCBL PAPZBS A LA MODE. Golden hair is at present all the rape with a certain description of fashionable ladies. Very likely those expensive females will next take to curling their hair with hank-notes. PUNCH'S TABLE-TALK There is a new sect in Germany. The members call themselves the Cogitants. They say that they have a religion without a creed. I suppose that these Cogitants are a branch of our Cogers. An Italian proverb says, "The smiles of a pretty girl are the tears of the purse." The maxim scarcely holds here, as we don't make presents to young ladies. But the frowns of an ugly woman, if she happens to be the wife of the purse's owner, are sometimes efficacious in the direction hinted at. That is stud, of course, conventionally. There are no ugly wives, and we are honoured by any demand made by a spouBe. Mind that, young men. Mentioning the demise of an acquaintance to a couple of Aberdeeu friends, one asked roe, Fat deed he O? The other, seeing me puzzled, said, "He means Fat deed de dee O?" The post nati gets a good deal of teaching for our money. A well-meaning old gentleman, lunching at our house, said to my grandson, who is ten, " Well my boy, can you tell me how beer is made?" My boy could tell, and with a calm i smile rejoined, " By brewing, the saccharine or sweet principle of vegetables is separated from 1 other matter, and after boiling with water is by fermentation converted into a vinous liquor. Inheriting my turn for liberality, the child added, "Distillation continues the series of changes, adds hydrogen to oxygen and carbonic acid, and makes alcohol, evaporating the water." I hope it was all right—the lecturer retired from tbe room tumbling head over heels four times, to tbe scandal of his previous proud mamma. When a wise man uses the weak argument because the strong one v ould be unacceptable to the many, and he is abused for shallowness by the few, do they thereby prove themselves to resemble him? I was for a short time at school in the country, and amongst us was a lad we all nobly persecuted because we thought that he was a donkey. The master shared our views, to the discomfort of the youth. But the discovery of four lines of verse, in the writing of the victim, ought to have made us all change our opinions. They were: — " Mr. Black, of Steam School, Knocks me about and calls me a fool; But towards the eiid-of the half-year He always calls the Tuhbs, my dear." I should not wonder if Tubba, mutato nomine, has become somebody in Church. State, or on Punch. K onsense about ordering your gloves to be made for yen. You never Sad such gloves fit any better than those you buy ready made, and for the best reason—the glover never has any mtt£e for you. He merely selects them from bis box, and charges you a little extra. M „ TBT US, THAT'S ALL. , Eh? What'ethis? I M b*>rd Clarendon is a gentleman in every sense of the term, but he labours under a defect ti character which, unsatisfactory in common men, I™*? to a statesman-he cannot say JNo. Whether this be the result of a life spent chiefly in diplomacy, or is natural to him, or be super induced by the 6ad practice of smoking incessantly* we cannot tell; hut the fact is as we have stated it-. —Blackwood'x Magazine for November. Is our friend daft? What does he mean by the passage in italics? Why, what has smoking to do with the power of saving No? Wc smoke incessantly. Let him come and ask us whether we regard his allusion to a gentleman's persoual habits as good sense or good taste. A MY6TERV CLEARED UP. >*o wonder that ghosts enter rooms, though the doors are locked. They are all provided with skeleton keys. QUERY FOR QCEESf fi COUNSEL. If a barrister takes one's new umbrella out of Court instead of his own gingham, can he be said t/i linvp 41 tsiL»«»n fiilb " to have " taken silk.' THE FLIRT'S PARADISE. Coquet Island. BONDS OF FENIAN BROTHERHOOD. It is said lhat tlic Fenians in America contem plate the issue of "bunds." Cut bono} Their captive brethren in Ireland, whose movements are now limited by certain stone walls, have surely already had enough of bondage. EXTRA-BATE UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. Exhibitions have been awarded to several dis tinguished people. The Emperor of the French is to hold his in two years' time. The Linacre Professor of Anatomy is to lecture upon "The Fragments of the Creek Philosophers " On alternate days he will lecture on "Critical Operations, including the art of Gutting up an Author," . _ , , , . The Professor of Political Economy backs him self to dine at the Clarendon (London) with any The Eawlinsonian Professor intends to He in bed as late as he likes during the cold weather. Tbe teacher of the German language proposes to have some fun this term. He won't give any lectures. Cambridge. The Carus prize has been adjudged to the most deseivitig candidate. The Don't care-us prize has been presented to an incorrigible undergraduate on his rustication. College of tit. Bees. The term will commence on the usual day, w hen the students will meet m the Hall, and inaugurate the season by singing Dr. Watts's " How doth the little," &c..; The following notice of lectures for the ensuing term has been issued:— The .Professor of Languages will lecture on "The English Alphabet; its Use and Abuse."' Students who omitted their " H " course last term are specially invited to attend. Haspirants for honours will have a hextra lesson. The present series will not reach beyond words of two s\ Uables. The Ctueen B. Professor of Morality will lecture on " The Government of the English Tongue." Subject; tbe nominal ire case and verb. Colonel fctodare will attend twice a week to 'ecture on " The Rudiments of Natural Magic, better known as Spelling." The Principal ot at.Bees will hold examinations on the first Monday of every month. These will be held in his own house:— " Prtncipio sedes apittus >tatiogue petenda." Virg. < ieorg., lib. iv. (Translation.) "The Principal's place of resi dence must be sought by the Bieesmen." Singing.—The Learned Professor of Vocal Music at St. Bees will, in future, be the well-known Euglish buffo, Mr. Honey. HOAX ABOUT INDIAN HEMP. A recent impression of Alicia Indian Mail contradicts a report that high rank in the civil service of India is held by the two sons of Mr. Calcrafc, the finisher of tbe law. We are justified in further stating that no official in that service has even any such haDgcrs on. THE ADVERTISER'S PARADISE. Puffin Island. EXERCISE FOE CITY CLERKS. A run on a Bank. GROUNDLESS ALARM. Adventurous Husband—"I'm off to the Crystal Palace; and by the by, I shall very likely go up in Mr. Claishweil'B balloon. But pray don't be in the least alarmed! There's no real danger!" Affectionate Wife—"How nice! Shall you be home to dinner, love?" Disinterested Mother-in-law.—"Charming! But tell me, K'chard, will it not invalidate your life assurance!" WHAT SAYS SIB CHARLES WOOD! The newspaper understood to represent Mr. Bright signifies that it would he a becoming thing to appoint him Secretary for India. Certainly Birmingham supplies the Indians with guns, and now supplies them with gods—good commercial reasons both for handing India to the member for Birmingham. And we know none better. THE RULING PASSION. We know a clerk in a Government department (he of jects to the common phrase, Public Office) who is so precise, so married to routine, that he dockets all bis iove letters, and minutes bis answers on the back, ties them up neatly with red tape, and puts tbem in pigeon-holes. He always writes to the lady on "half margin," and never visits her without first mating an appointment. All the correspondence goes by the messenger. 8LANG. The idiocy of one and the vulgarity of many. DIGNIFIED WORK FOR ILLUSTRIOUS MEN. Mr. Gladstone has been making a speech at Edinburgh, in honour of the bast of Prince Alfred! PUNCH'S TABLE-TALK. She made a neat reply, to whom one observed, " the King can command my duty but not my honour, Ou il riy aiien, le Hoi perd :cs droits I was ta king to Lord Derby about his admirable "Homer," ami we happened to mention the passage where Dionied and Glaucus changed armour, and the latter is thought to have the worst of it, giving gold for brass. " I am not sure that we should think so now, Mr. Punch" said the Earl. " Bight you are, my Lord," said L and we cited several instances in which brass had done tnoie than gold could do, but it would be manifestly improper for me to mention names. My own modesty has been my worst enemy. Well, I do not know that the slang of French rascaldom is richer than, that of our own scoundrels. But the Parisians have some odd words. An impostor who pretends to have epi leptic fits is called tin battcur de dig-dig. A dramatist has one great advantage. He can pillory his enemies in play-bills and on the stage. A creditor may be insolent and his attorney may be extortionate, and the play-writers can make tilings pleasant for both by giving their names to the rascals in his play. If it runs, all London talks for a year of that brute Sandsugar, or that thief Mr. Cheatincorts. Their families, shopmen, customers, clerks, and cousins all take care that they hearof itoften enough. Ware libel, of course. It is difficult to have a straightforward answer from a Highland witness. One of the Scottish Judges, weary of the evasions and circumlocutions of such a witness, said to the interpreter, "Mr. Macweedle, do desire the man to say Yes or No, if the Gaelic language admits of such subtle distinction," I'll tell you another Scotch story, because it will be useful to any of you young fellows who may be tempted to p t his name to a bill " to serve a friend." Don't. But the story is better than advice, and may stick iu your minds. A Laird, of ! prudent character, was earnestly besought by a I neighbour to do this for him. He refused, civilly. ] The neighbour pressed it, saying that it was a { small thing to do, and would be of much seivice j to him. Again the Laird declined. The neigh bour became urgent. Then said the Laird, "Johnnie, my man, look here. If I put my name to this bill, you will not pay it; I shall be made to j do so, and then we shall quarrel. If you please, we'll quarrel now, while the money is in my pocket." I There is an old bo-,k called "The ToQetof Flora." H and it me down; it is on the fourth shelf i there, third volume from the window. Thanks. J It says in the preface, "The chief intention of | this performance is to point out to the fair sex (that means women) the methods by which they can preserve and add to their charms. There are ' many curious hints in it; but just hear what the noasnnhAO OB " A Spl'fph frn t.!llrp airgir I author prescribes as "A Secret to take away Wrinkles." No, you are not going to be sold with a sentimental old moral about cultivating bene volent sentiments,' and then your wrinkles will not be noticed—tbe ladies of that day would have pitched away the Book and called the writer a confirmed prig. Listen to the words of power:— " Heat an iron shovel red hot. Throw thereon some powder of myrrh, receive tbe smoke on your face, covering your head with a napkin to collect the smoke. Do this three times. Then heat the shovel again, and when fiery hot. spit on it a mouthful of white wine. Keceive this vapour also in your face three times. Continue this proceeding light and morning as long as von find Of casion." Now, go home and try that, some of yov who don't look quite as young as when 1 first knew you. Lord Melbourne served out the Bishops at the time of the Hampden controversy He suspected that many of them abused the doctor's lectures without having reed them. So he pretended to be ill for a couple of days and mastered the book he was fond of reading theology. Then he had a dinner party, asked ever so many BisVops, and artfully questioned them, as for their information. I am tola that the blundering and floundering of the orthodox hierarchs was a treat to the light minded. I have a notion that if the same tiling was done about Colenso—but pass the wine. I knew a young lady who said that she didn't like turtle soup. Affectionately rebuking her, I was answered piteously, that she didn't much object to the taste, but that she thought it so cruel and wicked to kill turtle-doves. The devotees of the Hindoo god Dwarka will on no account lie, I have never met any of them. I will never be photographed again except under chloroform. Great nonesense is talked about novel-reading. Thousands of ners ms cannot do better than read good novels Such study is the only educational process possible with the minds of a certain class. They are actually and hopelessly incapable of mental work. And it is a good thing to give them an ideal of something above the standard of vulgar existence. The bad thing is that low foils love low 1 rooks, and therefore do not get elevated at all. The slight compensation, again, is, that by reading such folks get some insight into spelling But the author of a good novel is a man whom the State should honour. I shall write several. I remember being iii the House in March, 1818, when, on the Army Estimates, there was com plaint that officers who drew half-pay were restrained from taking civil occupation. Lord Palmereton said. "The fact is, Sir, that half- pay is a kind of retaining fee for the army. If officers were allowed to enter the civil service they might become adverse to the military." later, he defended the augmentation of our military force on the ground of "the increase of our population and .the consequent increase of turbulence." "Hear, hear," exclaimed Brougham and others. It is easy to say "Enow thy self," but who is to introduce you ? Most people go through life with out making the advantageous acquaintance in question. And if a friend should take the liberty of introducing you to yourself, you hate him for ever. Revenge is sweet. Alt: it ought not to go the length of inviting an enemy to a family party. XH OTX> FRIEHD on BIS LEGS AG AW. Some time ago, a plan of peripatetic school masters was proposed, and Mronglv advocated, amongst others, by Miss Burdett Coutts. The gentleman best qualified for this laborious purstait would be. we fancy, the old friend of our youth. Waikingamc. 