MY DEAR NATIVE LAND. M.A.H. THO' steep an its mountains and rude are its rock, That uprear to the sky, and seemingly mocks; And the bright blue waves with mighty hand— They trip the shore of my dear native land: And the sweet wild flowers in rustic grove Flourish where nought but wild cattle rove ■ While the ton, in bright majesty grand, Shads its brilliant light o'er my dear natire !iM Hen the tall gam-tree the bunya sweet. And tea- tree scrub, all free do meet The want* of each sore traveller's hand Ia the fertile aoil of my dear native land. The wild birds, too, in their plumage tare. Greet in melody sweet the morning air, And lias on their wings like a starry band, In thrilling wild notes o'er my dear native land: And some of them carrol in humorous song, As above the bright waves they together throng, O'er greyish rocks and mounds of sand, They joyously wend o'er my dear native land. Well may our hearts in fond pleasure beat, As we look on those mounts a* our own rugged seat, Where we've roamed round each meandering strand— The silvery rills of our own dear native land. Row grand is the title, how pleasing the thought, As we gather the wild fruits and flowers we have sought, And proudly gase on the sky from our stand— The dear sunny sky of our dear naUre land. To me dear is my home with its trees and its scrubs, Its golden mimosa and sweet-scented shrubs, Out-spreading their leaves o'er rich coral strand. 8o carefully guarding my dear native land. Kay heaven in kindness ever smile On the soil so endowed with beauty's wile; And ever shed with bounteous hawL A lasting gift on my dear native land. Petrie Terrace Ax Irish journal, in describing a fight which took place in the streets of Cork, says that one of the belligerents, " named Thomas Hurley, has lost his left eye, and it U said he lost it in the Mine way about six months ago, and in the same house where the row commenced." A most extraordinary instance is this of the re cnperatire power of nature! We wonder if anywhere else besides in Ireland a man can be supplied by nature with a new eye in six months! A. arnr method of inducing indisposed young men to attend church has been adopted in some sections of the country, as the following indi cates : A nice young man, a little worldly* minded, walked to church onco with a rery pious young lady. Arrired at the church-door, worldly-minded young man declined entering. Whereupon, pious young lady seized his hat, and, placing it under her cloak, sailed into church, tearing the worldly-minded young man standing at the door minus his hat. The last heard of worldly-minded young man, he was seen wending his w*y down the ohurch aisle as demurely as if nothing bad happened. Thi following lines, translated from the Hungarian poet Petdfi, strike us as very beauti ful and original: O youth! thouart * whirlwind! Thou, la thy swift circling dance, Droppest a flowery garland on our brow, Which thine* in the sun's glance; Aad suddenly there comes another gut. Which, with unfriend!/ breath, Carries away the wreath, And leaves no trace npon the forehead-boat: We feel that forehead, cold and blank and bare, Inquiring, " Was the garland ever there!" Thx husband of a pious woman hairing oc casion to make a voyage, his wife sent a written request to the minister of the parish: but in stead of spelling and pointing it properly, viz. : " A person haring gone to sea, his wife desires the prayers of the congregation," she spelled and pointed it as follows: " A person having gone to see his wife, desires the prayers of the congregation." I* some English town —the exact locality of which the report does not state—a company of Spiritualists met one evening to hold communi cations with unseen worlds. A gentleman was asked if he should like to call a spirit. "I should," the gentleman replied. "Whose?" asked the medium. "landley Murray's." Lradley Murray's ghost appeared erect right through the table. The gentleman shuddered. All trembled. The medium was visibly affected. " Are you the spirit of lindley Murray ?" asked tbe gentleman, astonished at his own courage in addressing a visitant of the other world. "Yes, I aw!" boldly responded landley Murray's ghost. Poor lindley Murray! Tksbb is a legend that, one day, a woman went to Brigham Young for counsel, touching some alleged oppression by an officer of the ehuroh. Brigham, like a true politician, as sumed to know her; but, when it became neeceawry to record her case, hesitated, and said, " Let me tee, sister, I forget your name." V My name V waa the indignant reply, " why, lam your wife!" " When did I many you ?" The woman informed the " President," who referred to an account-book in his desk, and tkensaid: "Well, I believe you are right. I km*» your face was frmiljar! A tot/ho man, having entertained a tender passion for a young woman, felt such insur mountable diffidence as to prevent his ever dis closing the same to the fair empress of his heart, aad resolved on an expedient which would bring the business to an issue: He went to the parish clerk, and requested that the banns of marriage might be published. When the publication was brought to the young woman's ears, she was filled with astonishment, and went to him to vent her resentment. He bore the sally with fort tude, observing that if she did not think proper to have him, she could just go to the ehuroh and forbid the banns. After a moment's pause, she took counsel with her anger, and ■aid, " As it has been done, it is a pity that the fee should be thrown away!" BATHEB PRETTY. A nrm little maiden had a pretty little dream, A pretty little wedding was its pretty little theme, A pretty little bachelor to win her favor tried. And asked her how she'd like to be his pretty little bride. With some pretty little blushes, and a pretty little sigh, And some pretty littleglanees from the pretty little eye, With a pretty little face behind a pretty little fan, She smiled on the proposals of this pretty little man. Some pretty little "loves, "and some pretty little "dears," Some pretty little smiles, and some pretty little tears, Same pretty little presents, and some pretty little Uss, Were the pretty little preludes to some pretty little bliss. This pretty little lady and her pretty little spark Met the pretty little parson and his pretty little clerk ; A pretty little wedding-ring united them for life— A pretty little husband and pretty little wife A Mabovic dignity of great eminence in the order lately left Edinburgh to attend a celebra tion of the laying of a corner-stone, forgetting hit cocked-hat. He discovered his omission presently, aad telegraphed from the first station, " Send my cocked- hat by express to-morrow." His disgust maybe imagined on receiving the next day a panel containing cooked ham, on account of the operators having made a ""tt*Vf in two of the letters of his message. Ax ova the curiosities which will figure at the Paris Exhibition, a perpetual motion pendulum is annouaeed, which ha* already been oscillating for three yean [without interruption. The in rentor of this apparatus it a well-known watch* maker in Faria. A Cußioua Expißncnrx.—lnto a bell glass fall of air a central tube it made to carry a alow current of hydrogen. At the end of the tube, which v carried nearly to the dome of the bell glass, electric sparks are made to put. The hydrogen is immediately ignited, taking the form of email luminous spheres, whioh rush about in all directions. After a few seconds there are an infinite number of these little lu minous globes, which seem to play at hide-and seek without erer coming into contact— Cauteries Seieulifique*, H. Parville, 1866. AIXSOKD RBTIVAIi OF THB I/OST AST 01 HIKDXinxG Coppxb.—A correspondent at Upper Sandusky, Ohio, informs us that a Mr. Disman, of that place, has disoorered the pro cess of hardening copper, and has secured a patent for it. The art is supposed to hare been lost since the days of King Solomon. The material is properly called silicated copper, and can be worked without friction. All necessity for oiling machinery made from it it obriated. The writer says the Clereland, Columbus, and Cincinnati Railroad is now testing the prepared metal, and in case of its success are prepared to giro the inrentor $10,000 for its use on the road. There is much excitement and interest in Upper Sandusky over the subject.— United States Railroad and Mining Register. 