THE ALLEGED ILLEGITIMACY OF THE ROYAL FAMILY. (from the Times.) THE CLAIMS 01' 'PRINCESS OLIVE.' — 'EWES V. THH ATTOllXEr-OENERAL. Ik the Divorce Court on June 1, before the Lord Chief Justice Cockbum, tlie Lord Chief Baron, and the Judge- Ordinary, and a special jury. Dr. J. IV. Smith and Mr. D. M. Thomas far the petitioner: with the Attorney-General, v.-cre the Solicitor-General, the Queen's Advocate, Mr. Han nen, and Mr. 11. Bourke. In this suit, which was a petition under the T coiitfriflrv Dnnloroti'nn A tlwj ttefitinnnp T.atfinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, of 24, Georgina-etreet, Camden-town, prayed that her mo'lier, Olive Wilinot Sevres, nray he declared to be the legitimate daughter of Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and of Olive Vilmot, his wife. The learned counsel (Dr. Smith) opened the case at considerable length, but the facts lie within a narrow- compass, and will he best stated by being thrown into the form of a narrative. 'The Rev. Dr. James AVilmot, the petitioner's great grandfather, was educated at Trinity College, Oxford, of which he subsequently became a Fellow. Early in his career — but at what particular date does not appear — he contracted a private but legal marriage, according to a certificate under his own hand, with, the Princess of Poland, daughter of Stanislaus, last king of that country. The issue of such marriage was one child, a daughter, Olive. As she grew up she attracted much attention, in consequence of her beauty and accomplishments ; and at the age of nine teen a formal offer of marriage was made to her by his Royal HighnesB Henry Frederick, Duke of Cum berland, the brother of King George the Third. The offer was accepted, and the marriage took place on the 4th March, 1767, at the house of Lord Archer, in Giosvenor-street. The ceremony was private ; it was perfoimed by the Rev. Dr. AVilmot, the bride's father, and it was witnessed by tlie Earl of Chatham ( hen Mr. Pitt), the Esrl of AVarwick, and Lord Archer. It is alleged that the duke'B brother, King George the Third, was also present. His royal high ness grew tired of this union in the course of a few years, and on the 2nd October, 1771, his first wife, ihe Princess Olive, being then alive, he contracted, a second and bigamous marriage with Lady Ann Hoi ton, daughter of Simon, first Earl of Corhampton,. and widow* of Christopher Horton, Esq., of Cotton. Hall, in the county of Derby. On the 3rd April, 1772, tlie Princess Olive was delivered nt AVarwick of a female child, who was also called Olive, and some few years afterwards that unhappy lady died in France, it is. said of a broken heart. King George was so indig nant at the conduct of his brother that he refcredt* ihe last to receive him ot Lady Hoiton at Court ; but, knowing the consequences to which his bigamous marriage exposed liim, his Majesty did all in his power to screen him from the consequences of.'his guilt. He directed that the infant Olive should be rebaptised, and represented as the child of Robert AVilmot, Dr. James AVibnot's brother, but he at.the same time took every precaution that, while he shielded tbe Duke of Cumberland from the legal- con sequences of his crime, he should in no way impugn the reputation of the lawful Duchess CHive or the legitimacy of her infant daughter. AVith-this view, bis Majesty from time to time put the- royal sign manual to several certificates, all in acknowledgment of the legitimacy of his ' niece Olive,' and: likewise made temporary pecuniary provision for. her support, as appears by the follow ing document n— ' This is to declare that Lord Cliathem binds him self to pay to the Duke of Cumberland's infant daughter the yearly sum of £606 during the sard. Olive's life, until a more suitable provision is mude for her— acting by the command cf his Majesty ._ In witness and confirmation of the same his lordship places his siguature, this first day of May, 1773. Witness— (Signed) ' Robbiit AVilmot. 'Geoeoe It. ' J, AVilmot. ' Chatham.' Apparently op. the same date not only was there a new acknowled gment of the legitimacy of the infant, but a further *provision was made for its support, aa was shown bv the following document : — _ 'George 'it. — AVc declare the birth of Olive, tn» infant of The Duke of Cumberland, by Olive, lus Duchess, to he legitimate, who is condemned to privacy ijy the act oi bigamy committed by her royal father.. (Signed) ' Wahwick. 1 'J. AVilmot. 'Chatham. 'J. Dukniko.' ' Kew Palace, May 1, 177 — - ' George 11. — AVliercos we command that £5000 be applied for the benefit of Olive, the infant of our biolher. (Sinned) *' AVahwiok. 'Uuvittg linn, f- * ???? 'it..- tin eny to the legitimacy ol tti.o child, nt-d uuute j v:,--,,n fur its maintenance, the Kir.,;- lurtUer del .ermine 'i o confer upon her d18' tinction that had never previously been borne by any but members of the royal family. lie accordingly, in the following grant, ennobled the princess when only a little more than one year of age 'George 11. — AVc hereby are pleased to create Olive of Cumberland Duchess of Lancaster; and to grant our roval authority for Olive, our 6aid niece, to bear and use the title and arms of Lancaster, should she be in existence at the period of our royal de '''Givcn at our Palace of St. James's, May 21, 1J7J. (Signed) ' Chatham. ' J. Dunning.' Seven years afterwards, and notwithstanding the decease of its unfortunate mother, who died in France in 1771. ihe King still retained his affectionate inte rest for the infant, and his anxiety to repair as far as possible the injustice which was being done to her. lie in consequence attached his sign- manual to the following document : — ' George 11. — AVe are hereby pleased to recomm end Olive our niece, to our faithful Lords and Commons for protection and support, should she be in existence at the period of our royal demise, such being Olive 'Wilmot, the supposed daughter of Robert Wilmot, of Warwick. (Signed) ' J. Dunnino. 'Rodbut Wilmot.' '7i1i Janunry, 1780.' On an earlier date, also, June 2, 177*, his Majesty made provision for her in the following document, wliit h many years later, in 1822, an effort was made to e.tablish as a will. It ran thus :— «' St. James's. 'Geirgelt. — In case of our royal demise, we give and bequeath to Olive, our brother of Cumberland's daughter, the sum of £15,000, commanding our heir and' successor to pay the same, privately, to our said nit ( e, fur lirr use, as a recompense for the misfortunes Biie n.av have known tlirough her father. Witness 'J. Dunnino. ' Chatham. ' Warwick. 'June 2, 1774.' These and the other documents connected with the marriage were deposited with Lord Warwick, whom the lee in ed counsel stated he should be able to show was also a member of the royal family, and cousin of the Princess Olive, lie held tliem as trustee on the understanding that tliey should not be made public until after George tlic Third's dcatli. He, however, became seriously ill in 1815, and then feeling that his death, 11111011 took place in the course of the following voar, was approaching, he delivered up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. Serres, in the presence of his lioyal Highness the late Duke of Kent. The Prima ss Olive then for the first time became aware of her real parentage and position. She had been reared in the family of Mr. llobert Wilmot, but her taste for drawing was such that she was brought up to London in 1791, with the view of affording her an opportunity of cultivating the talent. Here she became acquainted with Sir. John Thomas Serres, a painter of marine subjects, and ivas married to him on the 1st September, 1792. Of this marriage four children were the result. The two eldest died young ; the third, the petitioner, was born 011 the lGth March, 1797 ; the fourth, a daughter, born in 1802, also survives. Domestic differences arose between the lather and mother, and in 1803 a formal separation took place under Die provisions of a deed. It is alleged that on the delivery up of the papers by Lord Warwick, the Duke of Kent ever afterwards recognised Mrs. Series as his cousin, and that he actually allowed her £400 a year while he lived. These are the facts of the case so far as they bear on the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland with Olive Wilmot. Efforts have in vain In en made for nearly half a century to obtain a recognition of it, but until the passing of the Legiti macy Declaration Act no legal proceeding could be instituted to establish it. The Act was passed in 185S : in 1859 Mrs. liyves (who conducted her 01m case) presented a petition and obtained a decree de claring the validity of the marriage of Mr. John Thomas Serres with Olive Wilmot ; and she now seeks, by the present proceedings, to establish the legitimacy of her mother, who, in the suit of 1859, was simply treated as Olive Wilmot, and not as the Princess Olive. The documents relied on in support of the marriage of the Duke of Cum berland and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerouB, and they contain what purport to le 16 signatures of Lord' Chatham, 12 of Mr. Dunning (afterwards Lord Ashburton), one of Lord Archer, 12 of George III., 18 of the Duke of Kent, 32 of the Earl of Warwick, 13 of Dr. Wilmot, 1 of the Duke of Cumberland, and 1 of his wife. And reliance is also placed on a portrait of the Princess Olive, which it is said beam a striking likeness to the royal family. In order to account for the pains which King George HI. was at to shield the Duke of Cumberland from the penal consequences of his crime of bigamy, it is alleged that his Majesty himself was also guilty of bigatny, and that this fact was within the knowledge of his brother and the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, who, on the 17th April, 1759, performed the ceremony of marriage between his Majesty and Hannah Liglitfoot. This marriage was celebrated twice. On the first occasion the lady was erroneously described as Hannah Wheeler and hence the necessity for second solemnisation. The first was performed at Kew ; the second at Peekham. In respect of his marriage, there are the following certificates: — ' This is to solemnly certify that T married George, Prince of Wales, to Princess Hannah, his first consort, April 17, 1759, and that two princes and a princess were the issue of such marriage. 'J. Wilmot.' ' London, April 2, 176 — . ' This is to certify to all it may concern, that I law fully mairied George, Prince of AVales, to Hannah Liglitfoot, April 17, 1759, and that two sons and a ? daughter are the issue of such marriage. 'J. Wilmot. ' Chatham. 'J. Dunnino.' ' April 17, 1759. ' Tlio marriage of these parties was this day duly solemnised at &ew; Chapel, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, by myself. ' Witness to this marriage, 'William Pitt. J. Wilmot. ' Anne Taylee, Geoege P. Hannah.' « May 27, 1759 ' This is to certify that the marriage of these par ties (George, Prince of Wales, to Hannah Liglitfoot) was duly solemnised this morning, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, at their residence, at Peekham, by myself. ' Witness to the marriage of these parties, ' William Pitt. J. Wilm .t. 'Anne Taylee. Geoeoe Guelph. Hannah Lightfoot.' 'I hereby certify that George, Prince of Wales, married Hannah Wheeler, alias Lightfoot, April 17th, 1759 ; hut from finding the latter to be her right name, I solemnised the union of the said parties a second time, May 27 tb, 1759, as the certificates affixed to this paper will confirm. n J. Wilmot. ' Hampstead, July 7, 1862. ' Provided I depart this life, I recommend my two sonB and my daughter to the kind protection of their loyal father, my husband, his Majesty, George III., bequeathing whatever property I may die possessed of to such dear offspring of our ill-fated marriage. Iu case of the death of such my children, I give and bequeath to Olive Wilmot, the daughter of my best friend, Dr. Wilmot, whatever property I am entitled to or possessed of at the time of my death. Amen. ' Hannah Reg in a. ' WilncBS — J. Dunning, William Pitt.' In a memorandum beams date June, 1789, Dr. 11 llmot directed his granddaughter to keep secret all the papers connected with this marriage unless de serted by the royal family, when she might use them, according to expediency. The marriage of George the Third with the Princess Charlotte took place iu 1761, and Hannah Lightfoot was then alive.' In the course of Dr. Smith's statement, 1 he Lord Chief Raron, who bitterly complained that such Bcandals should be raked up without neces sity, pointed out to the learned gentleman that ho stood in this dilemma : If the alleged marriage between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive W ilmot took place, then the marriage of their daughter with Mr. Serifs was illegal, bb being in contravention of the Royal Marriage A ct ; and if, on the other hand, the ntairiage of the now so-called Princess Olive to Mr. Seires was established, supposing such marriage to have been without the royal consent, then clearly the Princess Olive must have been illegitimate, and no marriage could have taken place between her mother and the Duke of Cumberland. Dr. Smith was understood to say that he could not shew that the marriage of the Princess Olive to Mr. hems was with tlio royal consent; but he should submit that it wus legal under tlio Act as being a marriage into a foreign family. _ J ho Judge-Ordinary also nointed out, if the mar riage of Gocrgo III. with Hannah Lightfoot was relied C1,i pay declaration of the Duke of ICent us to the station of Olive Wilmot could not be received, as, if n ~rrri«--c -ltd lithe pltfc, bin Royal ? tit* ? . ii-at if He; ;a 'rill..,-,- did if'. ' i '? ( c a l'urgei v i And ii ?. v-v The Attorney-Genual said he sliould be able tt show that the whole matter was a tisBue of fraud, fabrication, and forgery, mid that tlie only excuse for it ivould be. found in insanity. Tl.c Amber heating of the case was adjourned till next day. Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent proceed ings: — On the case being resumed on June 2nd, several witnesses were called to piovc the birth and position of Dr. Wilnto', and the authenticity of several certificates signed by him. The petitioners* attorney alto produced a portrait of ' the Princess Olive,' but the Court ruled that it was inadmissible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Sines's connection with the roval family. (A laugh.) It ivas at any rate moral evidence. — The Lord Chief Baron : As far as I con eee the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it. — Dr. Smith hoped that his Lordship would abstain from expressing 6uch an opinion, at all events for the present. When the Court retired for a short time to iunchccn, the pictuie was exhibited to the spectators, and the reporters state that ' its striking likeness to George IV. was tlie subject of general remark.' The Attorney -General on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documentary evidence in support of the petitioners' case. At the close of the Court, the further hearing of the case was adjourned to June 6tb, during the whole of which day Mr. Netherclift, the expert, Was under examination with reference to the genuineness of signatures. The minute particulars of his evidence could not be made intelligible in a repoit without fac similes of the various documents ; but its general and distinct purport was that the dis puted documents were genuine, judgingby comparison with admittedly genuine documents. He stated, in answer to a question from tlie Lord Chief Justice, that the morel probability or improbability of such men as Gtotge 111. and Dunning nutting their names to such documents did not enter into his consideration in foimiug his judgment. On June 7 the evidence as to the handwriting of tlio documents produced by the petitioners was con tinued, and Mr. Netherclift was again put into the bux, when he made some rather important admissions. Alter he had deposed to the genuineness of the sigua tuio 'J. Dunning,' he ivas shown tome papers written by Lord Asliburton, including his will, and he at once retracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the Court could have been written by the same person as had written tlie Attorney-GeneiaTs specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert 'Wilmot acknow ledged to liave token the infant child of the Dttke of Cumberland, their ltieee, into thcii joint pro tection. Comparing this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signature to the register of their marriage, he thought it genuine ; but on cross-examination ho ad mitted that tlteie were only small similarities and great differences. As tlic case progressed, the signa ture of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Nether clift to he a forgery. At the conclusion of this w itness's evidence on the afternoon of the 7tU, Mrs. Ryves, the 'Princess Olive,' ivas examined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable case and self-possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she repeated with emphasis the oatli administered to her to tell ' nothing but the tiuth,' end in the course of her examination, when a seat ivas offered her, she said she was not tired, and she could stand lor ever to protect the honour of ber family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryvcs, which she said she bad cause to remember. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a dei ree of divorce from him in 1841. She ih- n proved the birth of her son, the other petidoner, at Vauxhall, in March, 1833. In 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of Iter father and mother, and. her own legi timacy — not, she said, from any motive of fraud, but to establish those facts. The petition came en for bearing in 1861. the trial lasted four days, and a de cree was pronounced in her favour. The Attorney General was represented at the hearing _ by Mr. Wtlsby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The proceedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. liyves then gave evidence as to her early history. She said : — ' I was born in 1797, and I remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harley-street, at the British School of Artists, which my father founded. I lived with my father and mother until their separa tion in 1803, and after that I lived with iny mother. I left school at the age of 13.' The peti tioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respect ing some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George IH., and on the Court object ing that lliey had 110 evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George III., two documents profeBS ing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed 'George P.,' the other ' George Guelph.' The Court, however, declared unanimously their opinion that tlieEe were forgeries, and declined to per mit them to be used. The petitioner then went on to nairate, with exceeding particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her the secret of her birth, how her mother supplied the Earl with means to go to Warwick Ca6tle to hunt up the necessary documents, he being at the time so poor that he could not find the money himself) being often indeed, as Mr. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, and how the Earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petitioner's family. ' The Duke of Kent,' said Mrs. Kyves, ' took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed hitn6df perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were in his father's writing. He acknowledged my mother as Iris cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the duke's marriage, and that for the future. Lord Warwick being in suck a btate of health that he might die at any moment, he would take on himself the sole protection and guardianship of iiiy mother and me.' From the petitioner's further evidence it seemed that the Earl of Warwick was under continual obligations to her mother in pecu niary matters. On the sitting of the Court on the 8th, Mis. Ryves was recalled and her examination resumed. She re pealed in substance her previous evidence, and stated, in addition, that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their lather to the documents now produced. She also mentioned that she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts's hank. She was then cross-examined at great length by the Attor ney-General. It appeared from her evidence that her mother, Mrs. Serres, was an astrologist, a ghost-seer, end a literary lady of no small preten sions. She had issued a manifesto to the peopla of Poland stating that she had providentially disco vered her descent from the royal family of that coun try, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland kad been established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mis. Serres had published a book, in which she claimed the authorship of ' Junius ' for Dr. Wilmot. It waB stated that when a girl she had taken the manuscrijtt out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, end it had remained in her possession forgotten until it was accidentally discovered by Mrs. Ryves. The cross-examination of the petitioner, which was not finished when the court rose, wis resumed on the morning of die 9th June by the Attorney- General. The memorial of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be acknowledged Princess Olive of Cumberland, was read. It differed in many important respects from the account already given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugent Bell, the ' genealogical counsel' whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent believed that Mrs. Scries was really legitimate from 1815 to 1818, and that somebody having then told him that the mar riage of the Duke of Cumberland was nullified by the Royal MurriageB Act, he persuaded her that Bhe was illegitimate till November, 1819, when she was informed by n clergyman that the Act had not been passed till five years after. In the memorial the word 'offspring' was spelt ' oifspring,' and that error Mis. Ryves at tributed to Mr. Bell ; hut a birthday ode to the Prince of Wales, which Mrs. Serres had written with her own hand in 1812, was found to contain the fol lowing lines : — II ail valued Hour, orfsprtngor Heaven's entile, Tlie great and mighty succour of this isle. This eccentric orthography was found in several other uutogiaph papers of Mrs. Serres. The Attorney General called for tlie originn'.s of several documents printed in Mrs. Ryves' pamphlet relating to the birth ' and identification ol' Iter mother, and other matters, ! but they were i:ot produced. Thelenrned counsel I ,.rr,i .rrV, -1 ivare and confidential ' crmtitnn'entionc t Ire Mi. ti lit - -y Ityi; , j, i UlllCrt!' -lilt.!;. Ill re'-i I'. 1' re '? ; 1 iH.ilfil that lie ii.-.'J. s.m: i-iuaiii l-lrei-' hi Alri. ' Series's possession which he believed to be genuine, mid that unless her Majesty declared her to be the Princess of Cumberland,' within a few hours the papers would he given to the public and a revo lution might he brought about. In another Mr. Bell said he had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr. Wiluiot, staling that his late Majesty George III. was married at Kew to Uannnli Light foot in 1759 ; the second, signed by 'J. Dunning' end ' Chatham,' stating that his late Majesty was mairied to Queen Charlotte, after the death of Queen Hani ah, in January, 1766, by Dr. Moore; und the third, signed by his lave majesty, declaring 'William Henry to be hie first legitiinute son. The witness had heard some rumours about the subject of the second certificate, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Moore was a friend of Dr. 'Wilmot. Dr. Prater, a physician, was then examined, and he staled that when a young man, shortly after he entered the medical profession, I10 attended upon the late Piineets Olive, as the wus then called, lie at tended her from February, 1S32, to February, 1834. He was introduced by Mr. Macaulav, a literary gentle-man. He visited her frequently, and talked a great deal with her upon a variety of Bubjeeta, in cluding politics und her own affairs, and he never bad the least reason to suppose that she was a person of unsound mind. Since that period witnesB had had considerable experience with regard to insane patients. Mr. A. AV. South said he had been acquainted with the late Princess Olive, and had frequently conversed with her relative to the claiois she put forward on the subject of her birth. He believed her to hare been as sound in niind as lie was himself. A document wts then read by the learned counsel, purporting 10 be the last will and testament of the Esrl of 'Warwick, dated the 22nd June, 1812, in which it was statc-fi that, from the injuries his lord ship had received at tlic hands of his eldest son, he was induced to bequeath to Olive, Princess of Cum bciland, all his leal and personal estate upon con ditions which he was sure she would observe. The Attorney-General said there was also a letter written by Lord Warwick, purporting to give reasons for mulling this will, and in which it was stated that the letters of ' Junius' were written by I: Wilmot. — Mrs. Ryves believed tliat she could still preipound the will. — At the close of Mrs. llyvcs's evidence, the will and a Fost-cffice frank of Lord Warwick, and tlie will of the Duke of Kurt, were put in as specimens for compari son of handwriting, and this concluded the case for the petitioner. — The further hearing was then post pom d till June 13, when it was resumed, and the ease for the defence entered upon. The Attorney-General detailed the circumstances connected villi the case which ho would have to lay belcre the jury. Ho alleged that the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert 'Wilmot, and in proof of ihut he quoted the bond entered into on her n.nniuge, iu which, aire ivas staved to be the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. Wilmot's will, in which she was left a legacy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. lie could not help bearing in his mind, and of representing it to the jury, that this lady, the petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of AVales, and which he referred to in the cross- examination of the petitioner. These letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they con tained statements of the most extraordinary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of inEanc delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of AVales £20,000, provided he would grant her a personal interview even for two hours. '1 his interview Fhe sought in many letters. In others she lamented lier poverty, and asked for assistance. Several of these indicated that she was a greatdabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this : — Between the death of the Earl of AVarwick, in May, 1816, and the death of George III., in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were inconsistent with each other, and totally inconsistent with the story which she told in 1821. The first story she published WE6 that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by Mrs. Payne, wife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and never returned, who was a bister of Dr. AA'ilmot's. And in several of her letters at the time she stated Dr. Wilmot to he her uncle. That was in May, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of large fortune, w hom the duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of Warwick that 6he was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to ber, but which he had spent, and was in conse quence ashamed to go to the Prince of AVales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. She, however, regretted that with the death of the Earl of Warwick, in 1816, all evidence of her birth and parentage had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came into the w ituess-box and gave a minute detail of the visits of tlie Duke of Kent and tlie Earl of AA'artviek to her mother in 1816 ; the production of the papers which diselosed all the circumstances of her title; while in the letter to the Prince Regent her mother distinctly staled that with the death of the Earl of AVarw ick she was afiaid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George 111\. were dead, she told a different story, and alleged that from documents found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she found that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland and his duchess, Olive Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case, but certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There were several of the documents said to be produced in 1815 Which stated that it was Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke of Cumberland ; and if there was truth in the production of these at that time, she had no occasion to wait for the opening of the sealed packet in 18 19 to inform her of it. If there had been a sealed packet there was no question, from the letters of the petitioner's mother to the Prince Regent, that it was opened long before 1819 ; at aU events^ the documents produced now could not have been me same as those in existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs. Payne ; and the statement was plain and distinct that it was Dr. lYilmot's own daughter that he married to the Duke of Cumberland, while the Earl of AVarwick, in a letter to the Princess, spoke of that Olive AA'ilmot as her ' angelic mother.' It was not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almost incredible that Dr. AA'ilmot would have married his sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Cumberland. As to what is said about the Royal Marriage Act, it was out of the question to suppose that the Roval Marriage _Act_ ren dered the marriage null. Then it was said this lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until after ' the dcatli of George IH. ; but she had a singular way of beeping that secret, for years before the king's death she was perpetually dunning the Frince of AVales with statements of her case. The learned gen th men referred to certain etatements made by the princess in ber life of Dr. 'Wilmot, published in 1813, snd a vindication of his claim to the title of 'Junius,' published in 1S17, in order to show that she paid considerable attention to the com parison of liandwriting, as evinced in her statements relative to the manuscript of ' Junius' in Mr. AVood full's possession, and her assertion that no one could compare that manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's hand writing without being satisfied that they were both tiaced by the same hand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the princess, to the Secretary ofState, in 1821, in further ance of her claim. These he characterised as begging letters, and that of tlie most groas character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but none of them were now forthcoming. On tlieae documents there were fourteen names which appeared on the papers now relied on, and twelve which did not so appear. The peti tioner had now put in evidence seventy-two documents. Besides these 10 mure had been pro duced from the Treasury. I11 the memorial of 1821 there were 11 more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner there were 26 more, of which the originals were not produced; altogether the docu ments mentioned as beating on the case were over 160, while out of the whole only 82 were produced. And uliat sort of documents were tlir.y ? Why, they were tueli that no expert in the world would give evidence of the handwriting from them. With two exceptions they were till written 011 little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water-marks of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding ivilli his ad dress, when the foreman said he was commissioned by his fellow jurors to express their opinion that tliero would not lie the slightest necessity to call cvidenee to j r but the case of the petitioner, for in their utiauiaious view the documents relied upon by her were spurious. 'l'lie Chief Justice : In that case you only share tlio a pinion of ttiy learned brethren . id mvEclf. Ave have long felt that every one of these papers is n palpable forgery ; nor is there ono l-rt t 1' !'.» ]v!(ti-.»er'» ease which agrees with the . -.si. ? gi.-Jti ,'Vii ed-.l: c.-.-si.d ihii ? . fi.ri.e : -. h (.]? 1. .ire : pctiiti, ;.i uli'u-li tbo i,h u.i Jtbltui' i.u!i i is i.p, w'.ti die jv.r- deliwred tluir rerdict, which, stripped of technicalities, ivas this : — 1 bat no tuch niairioge as that alleged between ll e Duke of Cumbeiluitd and Olive AA'ilinot had ever ukm place, and that the so-called Princess Olive was not their hgiiimntc daughter. — T he Attoiney-Generul then ctked iliat the documents might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on lie should haie been able to prove that Dr. AA'ilinot ivas at Oxford at the time of the pretended marriage in Louden; and that Lord AVarwick, before his acces sion to the title, never signed himself ' Brooke,' but ' Grovillc.' The documents were then ordered by the Court to be impounded, and tlie case concluded. 