TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOUR. The Diet of Worms.—Assafoetida and onions.— <*> See Times. Brown thinks there is always much feesibilty about the advice of a lawyer. Amusement fob Young Ladies on a Wet After- NOON. —Knitting their eyebrows. A child thus defined tale-telling: It's when nobody does nothing and somebody goes and tells of it! A baker has invented a new kind of yeast. It makes bread so light that a pound of it weighs only twelve ounces. Home Tooke, being asked by George HL whether ho played at cards, replied, " X cannot, your Majesty, tell a. king from a knave." Definition of a Term (bt oub own Peppeb's Ghost). —"Making; a dead set"—a party of Ghosts arranging a q uadrille. Fob the Botanical Society.—A fast young lady on being shown a tobacco plant, at Chatsworth, asked if it was the genealogical tree of the Cavendishes. A Quaker being asked his opinion of phrenology, replied indignantly, "Friend, there can be no good in a science that compels a man to take off bis hat!" The Mtstebv of Milk.—Some people wonder that, under existing circumstances, the price of milk has not risen. But the rinderpest does not affect the cow with, the iron tafl. When For was boasting of having prevailed on the French Court to give up the guin trade, Selwyn replied, "As you have permitted the French to draw your teeth, they would be fools, indeed, to quarrell with you about your gums." Anninianism spread so wide in the Church in the time of Charles H., that a divine of the age, who was asked by a simple country gentleman what theAnni nians held, answered, with as much truth as wit, " that they held all the best bishoprics and deaneries in England.** Dryden married Lady Elizabeth Howard, daughter of the Earl of Berkshire. The match added little to bis wealth, and was altogether unhappy. On one occa sion his wife wished to be a book, that she might enjoy more of his company. Dryden replied, "Be an. aimflinirlfj then, that T may change you once a year." Hogg, the Ettrick Shepherd, being at a dinner at a ducal table, the duchess said to him, " Were yon ever here before, Mr. Hogg?" The poet, with bis usual candour, replied. "Na, my leddy; I have been at the gate with beasts that I was driving into England, but I was never inside of the house before." Not so Stupid,—John was thought to be very stupid. He was sent to a mill one day, and the miller said, " John, some people say you are a fool! Now, tell me what you know, and what you don't know." " Well," replied John, " I know millers hogs' are fat !" " Yes. that's well, John. Now, what don't you know?" " I don't know whose corn fats 'em !" If you want a sou not to fall iu love with any splen diferous gal, praise her «j> to ttic skies, call her an angel, say she is a whole team and a boss to kj.-uv, and all that. The moment the critter sees her lie is ;i grain disappointed, and says. " Well, she is handsome, that's a fact; but she is not so very creHastin' after all." Nothin* damages a gal, a preacher, nr :l lake like over praise. A boss is one of the onliest things in nntur' as is helped by it.— Sam Slick. Dangerously Well. —Lord Byron, in reference to a lady he thought ill of, writes—" Lady has been dangerously ill; but it may console you to learn that she is dangerously well again." Rhyme Without Reason.—" He who would thrive must rise at five,"' So says the proverb, though there is more rhyme than reason in it, for if He who would thrive must rise at five, it must fpUqwnaturally, He who would thrive more must rise at four; and it will insure a consequence that, He who'd still more thriving be. Must leave his bod at turn of tliree: And who this latter would outdo, Will rouse him at the stroke of two. And, by way of climax to it all, it should be held good that, He whoM never be outdone. Must ever rise as soon as one. But the best illustration would be— He who'd flourish best of all, Should never go to bed at all. 