THE PHANTOM SHIP. (From Once a Week.) IIer Majesty's ship Spitfire (six-and-thirty guns) had been now four months on the south-west coast" of Africa, looking out for slavers as keenly as anv terrier watching a rabhit-hole when the ferret has been put in. This smart vessel's favourite anchorage was in Elephant Bay, Ben- guela, an inlet of the Atlantic, lat. 13 deg. S., long. 12 deg. 55 min. E., the highest land in all the Benguela coast, being a hill commanding the bay on the south side, which Captain Willoughby had found very useful for the purpose of a look out. Captain Willoughby was a little fragile man, with a long thin face and only one eye. He had seen a great deal of service, and lost an arm at Acre ; he was as brave as a lion, totally insen sible to any such' mean sensation as fear, a stern disciplinarian, heeding no more the heat and danger of Africa than he would have done the shot and shell of the . enemy, and hating all grumblers at climate or any other hardship. The dull monotony of African service, the mere daily routine of plank-scrubbing, rope-splicing, and sail-mending, was broken into on a warm Sep tember morning in 1600 by the arrival of H.M.'s brig Racoon, with despatches from Sierra Leone. The captain of the Racoon had been invited to lunch by Captain Willoughby, and H.M.S. Spit fire was in an unusual state of bustle with .the preparation for that meal. Abernethy, the grave old Scotch steward, was arranging some silver- topped bottles of champagne in a fan shape, round a small tank attached to a refrigerator, and even that was all but tepid with the heat of Africa. At the foot of the cabin-stairs three young midship men, one of whom, named Powis, was the " Pickle "of the vessel, stood watching him from above with eyes sparkling with fun and mischief. The under-stcward and his hoys were every moment descending the steps with piles of plates tucked under their chins. A distant savor of soup spread from the distant galley, where red- faced beings in white stirred and sipped at sim mering stew-pans. " Dobson," said the head steward, under breath, "..just watch this wine while I go and get up some m'ore coffee-biscuits. The captain's boat will be here directly. Keep your weather eye open, -Dobson.; there's Mr. Powis there, as full of mischief as an egg full of meat." " Ay, ay, Mr. Abernethy," said the under-steward, sittiug down on the lower steps, a very Cerberus, with one foot planted on the great metal-lined chest of the refrigerator ; and as Abernethy plunged into the store-room, Powis and his companions ran up on deck. Five minutes after there came a violent shout of " Dobson ! Dobson !" from the direction of the store-room, and Dobson, forgetting for the moment his charge, ran to see who it was called him'. Three minutes afterwards there was a running together of sailors amid ships to the gangways, a shout below, a sound of voices, and next moment Captain Willoughby and his guest, Captain Mart- lock, a stiff, precise old officer, -followed by seve ral officers of both -vessels, followed each other, one after the other, over the ship's side. A guard of marines, drawn up in military order, re ceived them with presented arms. The mid shipmen, headed by Powis, the eldest of the lot, were there in full uniform, to do honour to such an unusual occasion. " Hang it !" cried Powis, us -the procession passed down into the state cabin; "old Cyclops" (the midshipmen's nick name for their excellent captain) " might have asked us to meet these Racoon fellows. One does deserve a better dinner sometimes than stilt junk and bolster-pudding for serving one's coun try in this infernal climate. What have they come about, Gasket ?" turning to an old quarter master, a rough old sailor, with enormous bushes of grey whiskers. " Come, Mr. Powis, 'bout captain going up country to make presents, and hold a palaver with the niggers, to induce 'em not to sell, 'emselves to. those cussed Portuguese." " Wish I'd a nigger, Gasket, to keep watch, and soak my junk for me." " Aud go to the mast head for you, Master Powis ?" " Well," said . the curly-headed youngster, " shouldn't mind that either, and he should do my work too, on the look-out hill." " Seen the Phantom Ship last night, Gasket ?" said Powis's companion, with a wink at.Powis ; for Gasket, though one of the best sailor's on board, was very superstitious, and had lately -spread among the men a report of a white ghostly sort of -vessel that he had seen three nights running, at two bells, steal out of the bay, but which was generally believed to be a-creation of his own brain, and a mere drift of that thick smouldering fog that after nightfall hid -the shore of the bay. This PLui.tom Ship, seen in a bay guarded by one of the smartest of her Majesty's cruisers, had . become a stock joke against the quarter-master, and he Was rather sore on the" subject, so all the reply he ga7e was to roll his quid, make a sour grimace, mutter something about " a young shaver as didn't know a Black- wall hitch from a Carrick bend," and turn on his -heels as be helped to haul in the captain's boat up to the davits. " Half-a-dozen lads such as that . ain't worth their weight in dunnage," he muttered, as the midshipmen went off laughing. What use are. school boys onboard ship, ex cept to sauce the captain behind bis back, and play monkey tricks on the stewards ? Ugh !" and he hit one of the ship's boys a clout for not being quick enough with a marlinspike that the sail-maker was calling for. In the meantime lunch (an early dinner in reality) had commenced in the cabin. The Racoon and Spitfire officers having finished their soup, ' were taking wine together, and exchanging grumbles on the climate, and discussions on the chance of preferment. Captain Martlock was a wot thy man, hut rather stiff- starched,' precise, and taciturn, soured with a somewhat overweening sense of his own importance. His host, one of those frank, generous natures, slow to take offence, did not, however, regard the punctilios of his guest. " I hope the despatches of which I am the bearer," said Martlock to bis host, bowing stiffly (as if it hurt him) as he spoke, " contained ho unpleasant hews?" " Well," said the officer he addressed, " neither pleasant nor unpleasant. I never stop to think whether duty is agreeable or otherwise. Perhaps if I had my choice, I should not have selected this." "And may I ask in what it consists ?" (another stiff bow). " It is no secret. Captain Martlock. I have to start the first thing to-morrow for a two days' journey from this Elephant Bay we are now in up into the Gornbah country, with beads and looking-glasses as presents for the king of the Loluna tribes, to induce him to withhold his supply of slaves to the Portuguese cruisers that visit this inlet." " Have you seen any slaver's, lair?" inquired Captain Martlock, warming over his wine. " Not a ghost of one, Captain Martlock." " Yes, we have seen the ghost of one," said the first lieutenant, who was a' wit.' " True," said Captain Willoughby, " our quartermaster, a good sailor, but us full of old women's fancies as ever came through the dock g&tes;, did tell us, a week ago, that he saw a sort of phantom vessel; but no one. believed him." " Take my word for it, captain;" said a little, stout, jovial man, tho Spitfire's doctor, Gasket .will be down with typhus before Three days are over ; this sort of delusion is one of the first symptoms of this infernal African fever." "1 hope not, doctor, I hope not ; Gasket is a useful man to us." " There is something about this slaver service," Said Captain Marilock, as if he were preaching, " that tends, I think, to excite the imagination of the lower order of our seamen ; the monotony, the anxiety, the danger of disease, all, perhaps, contribute to this undesirable result." " Oh, sailors are always full of that sort of non sense," said Captain Willoughby, steering away from a discussion evidently meditated by his visitor. " Captain Martlock, may I have the pleasure of taking wine with you ?" Martlock bowed stiffly, and muttered, " Pleasure ! " " Steward, the still champagne to Captain Mart- lock." Off went the wire, up went the large- headed cork, hut not noisily, and up rose the wine in the two glasses. The two captains raised their glasses simultaneously to their lips, bowed, and tossed off the contents. At the same moment their faces reddened, their cheeks dilated, as they splut tered, swore, and rose upon their feet. " Why, what the , Abernethy, do you give us salt water when we ask fcr champagne ? Who the dickens has played' us this scurvy trick? By George, sir, I'll keel-haul him. Yes, I'll break him, sir." " I should flog him," said Martlock, swelling with rage till he got as red' as a turkey- cock. I sh — sh — should put him in irons." " I'll stake ray life, captain," said the surprised and horrified Scotch steward, " that it's that Mr. Jekyll " (one of the midshipmen) ; " for one of the ship's -boys saw him with a bottle in his hand near my pantry." A. strong disposition to laugh was visible on every face. The doctor coughed; tlie two first lieutenauts blew their noses. The two captains fumed. Willoughby buttoned his coat angrily together. Martlock looked fiercely at everybody. . " Boy," said Willoughby, to one of the steward's assistants, "go on deck, and send Mr. Jekyll to me directly. By George, sir, I'll break him." This was the captain's most tre mendous threat. " Why the deuce does not Mr. Jekyll come !" he cried, in a few minutes after, long before the unfortunate lad had had time to come down the stairs. " If it was in my ship," said Martlock, scowling at his own officers, by whom he was regarded with no very special affec tion, "I'd have had a court;martial on him before an hour was over." Captain Willoughby was about to fire up, and remark that lie needed no advice with regard to the government of H.M.S. Spitfire, when the steward- boy returned preceded by Jekyll, and followed at a distance by that in curable Pickle, Powis, who gave him such a tre mendous pinch as he entered the state-cabin that it drew from him an irrelevant scream. The little midshipman looked very tumbled and dirty, and his blue jacket and cap were covered with dust and fluff. A more disreputable, disordered mid shipman never presented himself ton punctilious, irate captain. " Mr. Jekyll," said his superior officer, turning round so as to face him, " Is this a state for a midshipman of her Majesty's navy ? What have you been doing, sir?" " If you please sir, I've been down in the hold catching cock roaches." There was a roar of laughter at the simplicity of the answer. " A pretty occupation for a young gentleman." " If you please, sir, we make pets of them." There was another roar at this. " Mr. Jekyll, I'm in no humour for fooling. I want a plain answer to a plain question. Was it you who emptied the wine out of this champagne bottle and put in salt water ? Was it you sir ?" The lad coloured, looked down, twirled his cap, stammered, and was silent. At that instant Powis burst forward. " And who sent for you ?" roared the captain. " How dare you, sir, enter this cabin without being sent for ? Sir, if I break every mid shipman in this ship, I will preserve proper dis cipline." Powis was a fine manly lad, of seventeen, and as he stood there, with firm, uuflinching eye, and cheek flushed, he lookpd a very model of English youth." " If you please sir, I only came to say it was I who put the salt water in the bottle, and not Jekyil. I did not do. it for the wine, sir, I threw that away ; it was only for a joke." " Only a joke 1 And how dare you, sir, play jokes on your superior officers ( Go up to the mast head this moment, sir." "YeB sir," and up went the lad as nimble as a cat and as full of mischief as a kitten. Captain Martlock had left the vessel, with his own private opinions about the discipline of the ; Spitfire; and Captain Willoughby, the first lieutenant, and the doctor, were closeted in the captain's private cabin over their coffee. " Only to think of having to leave a ship of thirty-six guns in the care of such a born Pickle as that lad, Powis 1" groaned the captain, as he medita tively poured some brandy info his coffee-cup. " By George, sir, I shan't have a moment's sleep till I set my foot once more on my own quarter deck. That boy is the greatest monkey I ever shipped. By George, sir, if he hadii't come for ward -in such a manly way to- day to save Jekyil,. I'd have broken him." " He certainly is a Pil- garlic," said the first lieutenant; " but I think when there was duty to do he'd do it. Duty soon makes a man of a boy, if anything will. I was just such another lad, till I was made captain of a French prize, and bad to take her back into St. Helena. I was a man frpm that day." " 0, but there's good in the boy," said.the doctor. " He's brave and generous ; there's no vice in him, it's only mischief." " Only mischief 1 He's the greatest scape-grace I ever had on board." " Then let me stop on board, said the lieutenant. " Allow me to look at the wording of the dis patch ; there must surely be some loop-hole." The captain took up the despatch, and read it uuder breath. " No," he said, " here is this devil of a clause. ' You are requested to tako.all your officers with you, so as to preserve a dignity that may aid your negotiation.' No, ' wo must all go. Well, I never did grumble at orders yet, but if I had ever done so. I might do so now. Doctor, mind you bring some quinine. There's safe to be a fever or two for us. By George, sir, on an African station one ought to live on quiniue if one wishes to livo at all J" ( The lieutenant and the doctor took their leave of the captain, who wished to study his maps and prepare for the journey. As the doctor was pacing the deck, and had arrived just uuder the mainmast, he gave a look upward to see if the offender was there. Yes, there he was swinging his legs, fifty feet up, happy as a bird. As the doctor was still straining his head to observe him, there fell upon his face a shower of little white paper pellets, dropped with excellent aim by " Pickle Powis," as he was generally called, and with them came down in a shrill voice the mock ing words, " To be taken night and morning." The doctor was very angry ; he tossed bis head. " That boy will oome to a bad end. If I were captain — if I were captain I'd keep him on the mast all night — a good dose of fever, would tame him a bit ; and, egad 1 I would not bring him round a day too soon." But the doctor was angry. If Powis had been ill be would have nursed him as tenderly as a -woman. "Here's a pretty rig," said one of the men, as Powis descended from the masthead, to become.in a few hours after deputy-captain ; "it used to be the high that were brought low, but now it's the low who rise high." Powis received his com mand as coolly as if he had been expecting a vessel for years past. He promised little — the captain thought that a good sign, and so it was ; but still he did not conceal . from the boy his alarms and distrust. " Powis," said he, " be a good lad, and take care of the ship, or by George, sir, I'll break you ! When you want advice, ask the quarter- master ; he's an old sailor, and knows all this coast as well as I know tho Bill of Portland." There were only fourteen men left in the ship besides Powis and the two midshipmen. " There will be no work now much," said one of the sailors to the carpenter. " No, we're all cap tains now," replied the carpenter. There was a dangerous notion prevalent aboard the Spitfire that discipline was to be relaxed under " Pickle Powis." As eight bells were struck (four o'clock in the morning), the officer of the watch (Gasket) went as usual to the scuttle, knocked three times to call the watch, and called out, " All starbowlines, ahoy 1 eight bells. Do you hear the news there, you sleepers?" Instead of the usual sprightly answer, " Ay, ay 1" a voice answered, " Starbow lines be . Give us half an hour more snooze ; there's no captain aboard now." Another ten miu- utes elapsed ; at the expirationof that time a stern, shrill boy's voice hailed the sleepers. This time it was Powis's. " Skulkers, ahoy I Do you hear the news, there, sleepers ? and mind, if you do not turn out in five minutes, I report you to Captain Willoughby as mutineers. Quarter-master, go down, and take the name of the last man up." This spirited reprimand was enough. In three minutes every man was on deck and at his duty. An hour later, just at daybreak, Gasket suddenly came to Powis, as he was lying down for half-an- hourou the sofa in the captain's cabin, and beggel him to come on deck instantly. There was some thing odd in tho old sailor's manner. Powis was on deck in a moment. " There it is, sir," said Gasket, pointing to1 the entrance of the bay ; " if this is not a real ship, strike my name off the ship's books and sell me for a nigger." Powis looked (he was all quiet alertness now, and grave as a statesman.) There in the dull, curdling, grey daylight certainly was a long grey object stealing along close to the shore. Its sails were . grey; its side3 were bleached, colourless, and spectral. It certainly was ghostly enough. As they looked it slid round the corner of the head land, and disappeared from view. Powis did not say much ; he only remarked, " That is no phantom ship. We must look after that ; but you were right after all, Gasket." "I never seed such a change in a lad in twenty- four hours in all my life," was the quarter-master's reflec tion, as Powis retired to form his plans for foil ing any scheme the crew of the phantom ship (as the sailors began to call it) might have formed. The look-outs on Elephant-hill the next after noon made no signal ; they had not seen any vessel ; but as they wero getting into their boat to come off to the vessel at sunset, a smoke had risen from a place in the bush, not fifty feet from the look-out point. It was evidently a signal to some vessel waiting off the mouth of the bay. The majority of the sailors were by this time deeply imbued with the belief that one vessel that had been seen was a spectre ship. They had collected in knots in the forecastle, and were dis cussing the legend of the Phantom Ship. " It's no canny," said a Scotch sailor to the rest ; " it bodes no gude to us, men, when auld Nickie-Bon leaves his sooty hatches andjtakes to yatchting on the Africky coast." Powis had just lit a lamp in the state cabin, and was poring over a chart of Elephant Bay, when in burst Jekyll, red with excitement, and his hair over his eyes; he carried a large musical box under his arm. It was chim ing out after the prickly, nervous manner of its species, " Corn rigs are bonny." " Look here, Powis, old Cyclops left his musical snuff-box on the table in his cabin. Come along and let's have a cheroot and some grog together, and I'll wind it up all fresh. But how serious you look'! Do you feel ill ?" Powis did not reply for a moment ; when he did so, he spoke in a low, firm voice, with every word articulated in a peculiarly keen manner. " Jekyll," he said, " this is no time for skylarking. There is work for us to do that may lead us to promotion, or a hole in the sand, be fore tweuty-four hours. We must have no boyish tricks now. Go and tell Gasket I want him." There was something not to be gaiusayed in Powis's manner! so Jekyll put down the box, much as if it were red hot, aud hurrying on deck returned in a moment with Gasket. "If you please, Mr. Powis," said Gasket, scraping the floor with one foot, " I think it would do you good not to take the watch to-night. You'll be knocking yourself up ; indeed you will, sir. Take my advice, and keep to your hammock to-night. I can do all there is to do." "Gasket," said the boy-captain, firmly but not harshly, " I am in commaud of this vessel, not you. The men shall take their orders from me, aud from me alone. All we re quire of you is to set a good example to the men, and do your duty as quartermaster." " As I hope to do," said the astonished sailor ; " as I hope to do, Mr. Powis ; but, knowing as young gentlemen is " " My ago, Gasket, is no con cern to any one. You take your orders from me, and me only ; mind, I'll have no interference. You were not left behind as my nurse. Let a good look-out be kept ; put a third man on duty in the cross-trees, aud never let him tukehis eyes off Elephant Hill. If the phantom ship is a slaver, and made of real plank, and not moon shine and fog, we'll have a snap at her as sure as there's rum in Jamaica. She put's into some bight of land that we must find out, and if she lands her crew to-night, to bring slaves from some baracoou that we have not yet found out, I think we may get the landing-net under her." " What, with fourteen men ?" muttered Jekyll. " Ob, he's mad 1 Why, it's the rut chasing the terrier." But Powis had not heard him ; he was again absorbed in his chart. That night, by Powis's orders, all lights were put out iu the ship at a very early hour. . He wished to give the slaver, if such the phantom vessel was, a notion that loose watch was kept on board the Spitfire. That whole night, with oniy now and then a short rest iu the cubiu, the boy- captain remained himself in the cross-trees, as vigilant as a deer-stalker. Gasket was by his side, equally intent on the harbour mouth. All of a sudden Gasket felt his arm clutched, and he looked round. For ono moment a little tongue of fire had risen from tho apex of the look-out hill, the seawurd side, and then disappeared. It was momentary as the gleam of a shootiug star. Ten minutes afterwards the same ghostly vessel, seen by a moment's moonlight, stole round the head land, but this time its course was iuward and not outward. " It's an out-and-in wind ; just what they want," whispered Gasket ; " they have sweeps too, for I can see them — now they are hidden again ; if it was a clear night they daren't risk it." " Take the night-glass," cried Powis ; " keep it turned on the third bight from the head- laud ; if they pass that we lose them, if they stop there wo have them, for they go there to land their men; and we'll have a snap at their vessel in their absence. Dees she pass ? Now, quick before the cloud is over the moon again." " She has not passed," cried Gasket, " she has steered up some lagoon not down in the chart. She must know of the captain's being ashore, and trusts to get her cargo in, while we are tied by the heels. " Get up the anchor quietly," said Powis, with the hearing of a young admiral, "and steer straight for the second bight. Is there any land mark, Gasket ?" " Ay, ay, sir ; a tuft of palm trees between two sand-hills." In an incredibly short space of time- the Spitfire was under sail, and availing herself of every glimpse of moonlight, and of every puff of the useful out-and-in wind, to reach the second bight, the hidden lagoon that concealed the mysterious vessel of which Powis was in pursuit. " He is a fine lad, but it's nil of no use," said Gasket to himself; " she'll bolt just as we get near, and before we can tack and get a gun ready, off she'll be, well out to sea, laughing at us, and as full of slaves as an egg's full of meat. Those Portugeese fellows are as cunning as monkeys. Hitherto all had gone well. The Spitfire had come to the mouth of the second bight, and no enemy had yet appeared. Powis gave orders to arm the men and lower a boat. His object was to pull along the shore of the bight and search for the concealed lagoon. Tho men, whose super stitious fears were still working, hesitated for a moment to leap into the boat. The Scotchman muttered something about snares of the de'il ;" the coxswain, more practical, said, " there was no 'captain, and they'd be over-matched," and "the quarter-master won't go." " But I do go," ' shouted Gasket, leaping into his place, " and shame on all cowards 1 Why, lads, if we trap this slaver we're all made for life. Come, al together ; quietly, no shouting." The men, ashamed of their fears, now took their places, muffled their oars, buckled on their cutlasses, and loaded their pistols. Four men only were left in chargo of the ship. When a pistol was fired from the boat, they were to reply with a gun as a signal of attention. Tho men pulled swiftly and silently into the bight, keeping as close as possible to the shadow of the jungle and gigantic reeds that covered the sides of the lagoon. They did not dure yet to venture into the mid-channel to even obtain a glimpse of the further shores, where the phantom ship (if it were indeed manned by flesh and blood), might be lying, The boy-captain, at the last clump of bush, cried, " Ship your oars 1" and lay crouched, peering through the boughs of the huge poisonous-blossomed trees that trailed into the water. It was by this time day break. Imagine the lad's rapture, on standing up in the boat and parting the boughs with his hands, to behold, not five hundred yards off, the phantom ship, a low-lyiug, rakish, Portuguese schooner, painted greyish white, to elude observa tion at night (grey being a peculiarly vauishing colour). It was at anchor. The only men visible were two or three negroes, leaning, lialf aslcep, over the stern, fishing, and luckily with their backs turned towards the place wliero the Spit fire's boat lay hid. Powis turned round, his face beaming with triumph, aud in a cautious whisper communicated the glorious news -to Gasket and the boat's crew. Gasket was brave as a lion, but lie was unaccustomed to act on his own re sponsibility, and he dreaded the rashness of a midshipman. He coughed, looked hard at a special rowlock, rubbed it with liis horny fist, and mut tered something about — " 'Spose it's a hambus- cade. What can we do against forty, or fifty Portuguese ? and as for blacks, they can fire mus kets as well as white men." " Cha 1" sail Powis, speaking- between his half-clenched teeth. "Do you think my brains are all leather like yours ? Don't I see that the rascals are gone ashore to bring slaves from the baracoon ? There can be no one board but a nigger and a sick man or two. I'll tell you, man, I'll go alone, and swim to it, if you are all cowards." This fired the damp powder of the old sea-dog's spirit. There is a drop of Cain's cruel blood at the bottom of most men's hearts. " Avast with your cowards 1" he cried, pulling out his cutlass, and running his thumb along the edge iu a business-like way. It was u uu'i uinen lor lie siaver s men. .row is s eyes glistened as he seized old Gasket's hand, and took off his own cap and waved it. Then he and the men took out their pistols and looked at the locks or tightened their belts, and slung round their cutlasses snugger for their bauds. The boy-captain's speech was spoken in a low but firm voice. " Men," he said, " we may be doing a safe thing, or we may be going to our death, for, even if we do not get the slaver safe our captain and comrades may not return in time to help us if the dogs try to get her back. If we fail, they will at least say in England that we deserved to have succeeded. God be with us and guide us to victory, for our cause is a good cause. Now then, men, give way with a will, and board her 1" " Pull straight for her, Spitfires'!" cried Gasket, and out the boat flew from between the branches as if it was driven by steam. The water was scarcely splashed by the oars. It seemed only an instant after that the boat lay alongside the phantom ship, and, headed by Powis, the boarders dashed like wi|d cats at the main chains, and sprang on deck with an English hurrah that was full of cheerful courage. Three or four frightened negroes and an old Por tuguese sprang to arms, but they were cut down or beaten down in a moment. One Spitfire was shot in' the arm, but with tho exception of that casualty, and a knife-cut on Powis s sword- wrist, the daring assailants suffered no hurt. The phantom ship was their own. " Well done 1 " cried Powis, wrapping a handkerchief round his wrist. " The dog tried hard to get at my throat, but I gave him No. 3, Gasket, and that'll last him for some time. See to him ; he musn't bleed to death. The ship's our own. Now, get up the anchor, for we must move her off." He fired his pistol, and the Spitfire answered 'with a gun as agreed on. "We haven't toi much time," he said, for directly the blackguards hear the row they'll be after us. Now, with a will, lads, and I'll take a capstan bar myself, for I've got my left hand still." And they did work with a will. They found some slaves in the hold, and made them too help. In an incredibly short time the vessel's head was turned, and she and the Spitfire were working down the lagoon, towards the old mooring-place. And now, iu the lull of excitement, the boy's nature began to crop up again. Once more on board the 'Spitfire, and down in the cabin, he danced hornpipes and hugged Jekyll. Nor was Jekyll ono whit less delighted. " Only think Jekyll, how pleased the governor and master will be to hear how we took the slaver." " The dodgy old fellow," shouted Jekyll. "Allow me, gentlemen, to propose the health of Captain Powis of the Phantom Ship ; that's about the stylo." But the boy's talk was broken by the entrance of Gasket. He looked flurried, and rather pale with excitetaent. " Mr. Powis," he said, " it's all up ; here's the dirty blackguards of Portuguese on us as thick as thunder — boats full on 'em sir, ramp aging away liko so many sore bears. You can see them poking their noses out of the light there as thick as bees at a swarming." Powis was awake in a moment, and ready for the emergency. If there was not a -Nelson, there was at least tho making of a CollingwOod in that " Pickle of the' vessel. " We'll warm the dogs, Gasket," he said, leaping up, and caimly loading a revelver that lay on the table before him. " What we've contriv ed to get we'll contrive to keep. It can't be long before Captain Willoughby and our messmates return. Be quick, man, then, and give them a shell before the canoes spread out into the bay ; we shall have them more in a lump now." There was no time to lose. When Powis got on deck, five or six canoes, crammed with shouting negroes, mulattoes, and piratical- looking Portuguese sailors in Panama hats, were rowing fiercely out of the tree-shadowed mouth of the lagoon, and pulling straight for the Spitfire. " Give it thein hot, don't throw away a shot 1" cried Powis to the men at the guns. "Well thrown, but a little over them." The next moment the second gun thundered out. " Famous, by jove ;" cried the boy-captain. This time the shot ploughed into the second canoe, and shattered it iuto fragments. The leading canoe halted to assist the wounded und pick up the sur vivors. The Spitfire's gave a shout of triumph. The next moment the storm burst full upon them. The slavers rallied and bore down full upon tlicra in full force. From the first came a dozen rough black- muzzled fellows dashed at the Spit fire's side and attempted to board her. Powis met them with pike and cutlass, and drove them back over the ship's gunwale after ten minutes hand to hand fighting. Twice Gasket's cutlass saved the boy-captain's life. Three of the oldest hands, urged on by Jekyll, kept at work all the time with a central gun, to keep off the other miscreants. It was hard work, and the men were all but spent, when the discharge of musketry arose into the air from the foot of Elephant hill. " God be thanked 1" cried Powis, as ho leant, faint and wounded, against a gun carriage. " We are saved, boys. Give it them again 1 Blow the dogs out of the water 1 Now, all at once." The pirates had fled, leaving one- third of their number dead in Elephant Bay. But Captain Willoughby had not arrived a moment too soon. Great was his astonishment and delight to dis cover that his " Pickle " of a midshipman had cap tured the famous Phantom ship. Powis is now, we rejoice to say, tho first lieu- tenant of HALS. A , one of the finest vessels in the Channel Fleet. Walter Thornbury. 