TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Coorong we have intercolonial news to the following dates:—Melbourne, February 1; Sydney, January 27; Brisbane, January 25; Launceston, January 27; Hobart Town, January 27. As February is a 6hort month, and the 25 th will fall on a Sunday, we beg to draw attention to the fact that tiie English mail will dose at 12 p.m. ofthe 24th inst. A new chancel has just been added to St.Matthew's Church, Kensington, and on Sunday evening last His Lordship the Bishop consecrated tbe new addition. The congregation was very laigs^ and His Lordship preached an appropriate sermon from the words con tained in the 24th verse of the 9th chapter of Hebrews. The return match between tbe South Australian ■ and the Kapnnda Clubs wfll be played to day, on the old ground of the former Club, commencing at 9 o'clock, and we believe tbe South Australians will entertain the J_apandaites at dinner at the Bed I/ion, in the evening. We understand from the Acting-Treasurer of the South Australian Swimming Club, Mr. C. S. Cock born, that Mr. C. E. Tidemann will kindly give a prize at the forthcoming Grand Annual Matches in March, of the value of £5 ss.—either a silver cap or a natch, the choice of the successful competitor—to be : swam for by German youths under the age of 18. We are also informed by Mr. Bastard, the present lessee of the Baths, that be will allow free admission for tbe purpose of practice to all German youths in tending to compete for the prize. On Sanday evening, about 6 o'clock, a person of the Mtne of Severn was driving a spring cart con- 1 taining several females and a little boy, and turning ; ont of the Brownhill Creek-road into fLnndle-Btreet, Kent Town, the vehicle capsized,' and all tiie persons ' in it were pitched ont into the road. Severn himself had his ancle dislocated and was severely braised, I and the boy was also much injured. Thej were at once removed in other conveyances to their homes. The hone waa a good deal cat in the flank and tbe trap was damaged. In the Insolvency Court, on Saturday, His Honor made an order for Mr. E. Martin to pay i the sum of £120, whioh he held for bis brother to the assignees, and in the case of J. M. Henderson an , argument took place between Mr. Ingleby and the Attorney-General respecting the books of insolvent, which the Attorney-General had refused to give np nntil his claim was satisfied. The Attorney- General consented to give np the books on an order being made that oat of the first proceeds his lien should be satisfied. An order to that effect was accordingly made. The following is an extract from Captain Gold smith's report of the Wiltrawat Mine, dated let February:—"l feel most happy to inform you we have cut a most promising lode at tbe bottom of the air shaft, although not developed sufficiently to give yon a correct idea; but from what I have seen of it, ■ it shows me it is a permanent lode. It has very pretty ground on the hanging wall side, as any one would wish to Bee. In fact, I have never seen more promising ground round tbe lodes at Moonta. It is quite a change of ground from any we have been working in. The lode is not larger being about IS inches wide." A sailing match between the boats Polly, belong ing to Mr. J. Iravin, and Harriett, belonging to Mr. O'Halloran, and which ran first and seoond in the eecond class sailing match at the Port Regatta, came, off on Satarday last for £10 a aide. The course being from a buoy off the Government Steps to a buoy off Scbnapper Point. The boats started at the appointed time—2 o'clock, and on getting away tbe Polly took the lead as far as Levi's Wharf, when the Harriett shot ahead, and led all the way down, round ing the bony off Scbnapper Point about one minute ahead. The boats had to beat back, when the Polly soon began to gain npon her antagonist, and passed her, coining in the winner exactly by one minute, i The race was a very close and very pretty one ; throughout, and there was a nice breeze for the i occasion. ! The Bey. William Taylor preached twice in tfae ; Jubilee Church, Kent Town, on Sanday, February 4. I In the morning his discourse was based upon the I words "Bat ye shell receive power, after that the ! Holy Ghost is oome upon you: and ye ehall be wit > nesaes onto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and onto the ntter j most part of the earth."—Acts L, 8. Th? rev. ; gentleman selected as the subject of bis remarks in j the evening the text Ezekiel xiriiu, 11. Collections i were made after each service for the purpose of de j fraying the expenses of enclosing that church with a ) fence and erecting some oat- buildings. A public i meeting, presided over by the Bey. Thomas Williams, . of Victoria, is advertised to take plaoe this evening. ( The conclusion of the match between the South ; Australian and tfae United Tradesmen's Cricket ! Clabs, took place on the old ground of tfae latter Club, on the North Park Jjands, on Saturday, Feb- J ruary 3. There was a email sprinkling of spectators . on the ground, who took an interest in the game. ! S-ime excellent play was made on both sides, I and the game, which occupied three Saturday j afternoons, resulted in the United Tradesmen be i coming the victors by three runs and two wiokets to I fall. Each eide had two innings, and the total soore ! made by the South Australians was 241; and that 1 of the Tradesmen being 244. The highest scores in * the first innings, on the side of the South Austra lians, were made by W. _EL Bosnian, who succeeded by careful batting, in getting 55 runs without being put oat; and Bivaz, 25. In the second innings, the highest were Aldridge, SO; and H. Cowie, 37. On th?. eide of the Tradesmen, the best scores were, in the first innings, Pinkstone. 32, and Bebee, 21; and in the second innings, G. Gooden, 35; and Batten, 21. The anniversary of the Methodist New Connexion Church, in Franklin-street, was commemorated on Sanday, February 4. In the morning the Bay. Clement Linley, of Melbourne, officiated, and took for his text, Jade L, 20 and 21. Iv tfae afternoon, the Bey. W. Taylor, Wesleyan Minister, of Calfornis, preached from 1 John, iv., 16 and 17. The chapel was completely filled at this service, the aisles and doorway being very crowded. The Bey. Mr. Linley conducted the evening service, when he discoursed from Phillipians i., 21. There were foil congregations throughout the day, and the three collections, we ; believe, amounted to a liberal into. The anniver sary services will be continued this evening, when a tea and pablic meeting will take place. The tea will ' be laid in Mr. Hoskin's schoolroom, and the public meeting will be held in the church, when the Bey. Messrs. Linley and Calvert, of Fiji, will be present, and take part in tfae proceedings. The Bey. James Calvert, missionary from Fiji, delivered an address to the scholars of a number of Adelaide Sunday-schools, in addition to those of the Wesleyan Schools, in tbe Pirie-street chapel, on Sanday afternoon, February 4. The body of the spacious building was well filled with children, and a tolerably large number of their parents and friends occupied the gallery. The rev. gentleman commenced by giving an account of his conversion, and then pro ceeded to relate the circumstances attendant npon his determining to offer himself as a missionary to the Fiji Islands. He referred to the savage state in which the inhabitants of those islands were when be first visited them, and related many instances of tfae bene ficial effect which tfae preaching of the Gospel bad bad upon them. He then, after giving some interest ing information respecting the islands, and the people who inhabited them, brought a very excellent address to a termination by urging npon those present —the young especially—the doty whioh devolved upon them of supporting tfae mission of which he had been speaking. On Friday evening, Febrnary 2, in the Glen Osmond Mechanics'. Institute, die Hon. S. Daven port, MX. CL, .gave a most interesting le-tore on the " Extract of Scent from Plants." "' -The bon. lecturer commenced by stating that in bis _.travels to France , and other parts he had gathered the outline of tfaat evening's lecture. He then described in an able i manner, with the aid of diagrams and utensils used in tfae extraction of scents, the several processes and stages, also giving in round numbers the profits realized, which is something considerable. The hon. ' lecturer next gave an account of the importation of aeenta and its materials from foreign countries into England in the year 1860, which he stated to be greatly over £2,000,000 (two millions sterling). He next read quotations from the pens of come of tfae most extensive manufacturers in Europe, which were highly instructing, and concluded by remarking that he considered that a manufactory of soenta oould be worked with great advantage in tfae colony. The Hon. T.Elderoccopted the chair. A vote of thanks was proposed by the Bey. Mr. Mudie, and seconded by Mr. Smedley, Mr. Mudie remarking that if the lecturer wonld publish his lecture in a pamphlet it would prove very beneficial to tfae colony, to which the bon. lecturer replied tfaat the chief part of tfae lecture was already before tfae publio, bnt that he would present it to the Institute. This having met with general approval, a vote ol thanks to tfae Chairman brought the evening's entertain ment to a close. Mr. John Cox, the late Manager of the City Battt?, and who had long been in the service of the Corpora tion, died on Friday, Febrnary 2, and his remains were interred on Sanday afternoon. The deceased gentleman was a Mason and an Oddfellow, and the funeral was conducted with fall Masonic honors. The Masons assembled at tbeir Hall in Bundle-street and inarched to the deceased gentleman's residence, near Grenfell-street, as did also the Oddfellows. The usual emblems of Masonry were borne by the brethren, ' and the funeral regalia was worn by the Oddfellows, ' of whom there was a large gathering. These, to- ! getfaer with the hearse and two mourning coaches, a i number of private vehicles, and a portion of the Ade- ' laide Regimental Band, were formed into procession, i and marched alongGrenfell,King William, and Fran- ' lin streets, and West-terrace, to the Cemetery. On the < way to tbe grave the band played the solemn music | of the " Dead March in SauL" Among those present i besides the immediate friends and relations, were His * Worship the Mayor, the Town Clerk, the City Sar- I veyor, and other officers of this Corporation. The i Bey. Nathaniel Bennett officiated at the Cemetery, 1 and at the conclusion of the burial service P.M. I Sagar read the Masonic oration over the grave, the ' reading being accompanied by the usual funereal for- < malities of the mystic Order. C.S.W. Leaver also I read the Oddfellows' address prepared for these i occasions, and these having been concluded, and < the sprigs of myrtle having been cast into the* grave t by the Masons, the assemblage shortly dispersed. < The funeral was conducted by Mr. Oliver Bankin, « of Flinders-jtreet, i 