OPENING OF THE OVENS AND MURRAY EXHIBITION. THE most important event which we have bad to record for some pars past took place in Beechworth, on Thursday last. We refer to the Opening of the Ovens and Murray Exhibition, in St. George's Hall, which has been looked forward to with intense interest by all classes of the community. This Exhi bition, as doubtless our readers are aware, contains specimens of the various manufactures, products, and resources of these districts, and is iu conjunction with the Intercolonial Exhibition to be held at Melbourne, in October next, to which many of the articles now^ on view in Beechworth will be forwarued. We are presumptuous enough to flatter ourselves that few districts in the colony will make a better or even so good an nppearance at that Exhibition as these districts, will. Should this prove to be the case, immense benefits will accrue to the community. The exhibition of speci mens from the quartz reefs in these districts may-probably have the effect of inducing Melbourne capitalists to recog nise their value as investments,' and to spire lis a little of that capital which is at present so extensively employed in the Ballarat and other- mining districts—a consummation most devoutly to be wished Tri reference to-the opening'ceremony on Thursday, r,we can only repeat, the general opinion of all who .witnessed it ;ri^-that it" was£a" most thorough' ahd'com plete success. . .The very disagreeable: y.'eathei^V/Mch;had'prpvailed for the pre?? S"ious fortnight broke" up .on Wednesday, and Thursday- turned out to be one of those- sunny: spring days, so, cnjpyabl<5{ ; after a lon^. continuance of rain.-- Eroni, a very early hour- in the morning a stranger in Beechworth would have had 110-difficulty in eorning 5 to the -con clusion, that something, unusual was i,.astir, the large number of persons ar rriying.-fi'osh .the .country, and -the holi dav ;attire_ofihe local residents testifying ' to/|hfact " The number of school children who were hurrying to their ;nfendezy6iisi"'' before .taking: ipart'.in the procession was very large, the little folks . appearing:to take great interest in what was going;- on.- -The 'officers of the ,,^Gamanl3ifle- Associa%iiiwerfralsoto''be -: seen running about, apparently "round-" ; ing-up" their men, and the muster made by the corps showed that their efforts had" b'e^h 'attended with success By . eleven o'clock the town presented a most . lively appearance,, and at the time of the procession-, passing, through the streets there could not- have been much less ; than. 3000 people present. .The time appointed for the various -/bodies, who intended to ta.ke part in the ;3i p:ocession,"^b be Tat the'place of meet ing,- th^-^ - was half-past twelve, '.liutrfit''" was'> proKaWy ab.out one o'clock tbefore , the ...National School, which-wus the'first to arrive, took up a ' position in the Market Reserve. The other bodies quickly, followed, and under the able:^li»M5jtion' of Mr GHlan, who' acted as marshal, a very short time suf v'ficed'to form the procession.- The music provided consisted' of a brass band,; of. : five professional " performers^ and the I fife; and - drum . band. f.,. The. i^form ances of tlie 'brass band were only of a. second-rate character, but the manner in. which': the" Boys' composing* the fife and drum band played was universally ad-, mired, and showed that the interest taken "" jn their " progress by His Honor Judge Cope, and their other, instructors, had not be'en'in "vain. We' must not omit to inention that the greater portion" of the;'me'mbers. bf .this.' .band had donned \-- their: new - unifonii jfor the occasion,; which had"tlie. Effect of giving them an ... . extremely < showy though rather outre. ^ Appearance. '.The procession when ' ' formed-was ^nearly a- quarter of a mile in length, and, - from the , large number of \- - flags and'banners carried by the schools -r and public jbodies,/ the effect produced J, was.pleasing in the extreme. The ban ".'T iters q4-.tjie~ B'^jiwor;^*.Council "and the Beechworth Boroughs Gojimjit" .-iwere really -splendid affairs-; the former >51 being .of -"hlue^silk^ with the .arms- of the Shire neatly-delineated; and the latter -r"~ "of- scarlet; with the arms of - the .Corpo^ rations-emblazoned—in—the -very/ best style.- TheOddfellows,-'Avho- as faiva's. n umbers-went; m ado rather a poor show, \- "also-had /their f banner,;wfcicfr~helped-:to* t^'makemp!fok. otlier shortcomings;' ,The;: '^Gii&m;^r^SichooTj^^ however,;had: by far ^ -the most handsome display, ^s altogether their flags and banners-' must have, exceeded a score,, all:got "up in the best \- '-style, -and sb'm.e' of. Jhem^trdy elegant. The-: appearance made by the school in thd' procession certainlyreflected the J&L; greatest ^reditT on^thej princip VI; Mr J. 7h"; Cuzneiv ^vho muit have taken very .gre^:^ins"in^tlie mitter;:Nor was the,. / National [ScHpor^iindiana ,. the child;; \- feillM^^^t^itrtheir "flags .an " the scene ; "in: fact we\may!say thaUtlie ifttle folks were ;the3m'03t admired, portion; of the procession. iu;iug;its course, from, the time o^starting, ^h.e procession \v.&,s<, 'followed* an^^ . large, number of , persons ; sightseers were also congregated, where ever a good view' was to-be had,' on "the".balconies of the Star, and1' Commercial Hotels, in the *^^dKvslbf;'tii>ev'.BaQksr and other .tw.o-"' stmietf buiidingsi. in fact/ every -point of' vantage had its. - occupants. It is now some yeafs since;: Beechworth presented such .agay,;.appearance.; as it did on ' : Thursday, and probably -some time will. \- elapse ,be/ore ;;it'does. so ..again. Thef' following is;*the'order or the procession :: ,- . Two'Mounted Troopers. 'I-,-Brass Jiand, of five performers. . . . j'G^rman^ifle Association, -Numbering about 50, headed by their Commander _ _ jSumDer^ib^i and his Adjutant; i - ' ' -' Clergymen, n,P-R.ev Messrs Howard, Macmillan, andBradney. c ': "llagistrates,--*- f ' Vtp«cs GaiinVShadforth, Berry, and D. H. Evans. Messrs ^aBoe'chworth Borough Council, Preceded by tlieir Banner, ' -' m,P Afavor arid Cou-ncillors Young, Raeeke, Graham, Stevens, Dcatsp,. jin.^aml^ Brown, and the Town \- Shire Cou cil of Beechworth, Trecede by their Banner, tIip President, and Councillors Bussell and McC'lintock, and also the Secretary to nAO . tiie Shire. -rC ^v" - Manchester Unity of Oddfollows, ; - - ' " I'jecoded by their Banner. 5if.< and Dvum Band, ' ' WPide.1 and marshalled by ilis Honor Judge Cope, Children witi> b-ann^, ;';^^;:i.sCr 'irLC°n Children °f ^ . Two Mounted Police. . p"pon forming, the procession-pro ceeded through all the principal streets of the Borough, and arrived at St. George's Hall, shortly after two o'clock. In the Hall a number of ladies were congregated, who had been' admitted after one o'clock, in order to allow them to get into good position for seeing and hearing. On the arrival of the proces sion, the doors were thrown open to the public, and the building was immedi ately crammed, there being scarcely standing room for those who managed to press in. The fife and drum band, were installed in the orchestra, at the north end of the building, and the choir, under the leadership of Mr James Cunningham, occupied the plat form. The opening ceremony was com menced by the choir singing an anthem, which was executed in a very creditable manner, albeit there appeared to be the want of one-or two. good leading soprano voices. The Rev. W. L. C. HOWARD then delivered a very appropriate prayer, as follows:— Almighty and Everlasting God, Sovereign of all things, without whom i nothing is , holy, nothing is strong ; Accept we beseech The-, the sacrifice of { our.- praise . and thanksgiving, receive | graciously our prayers .which are .offered | up . to Thee this day. in behalf of this colony.and country. We acknowledge ' that Thou hast poured down and multi plied many and'great blessings upon us as a people, and hast brought us to a new countryt.containing very valuable and undeveloped sources of wealth. Bestow upon thy people a spirit to utilise and improve these thy good gifts to, us, so that as we may increase, and grow in prosperity and in importance amongst, the-, nations—of—the earth, that we -may .ever remember Thee as ;ourc Father and our Friend,^and honor and exalt Thy holy name, both amongst ourselves and before ilie world.0' We acknowledge, O Mighty Architect of. the; Universe, that it is riot'because of the1 works of Jright eousness which'-we have done'f^butiof Thy great mercy,. that- we- are permitted to come before Thee this' day' with the voice of prayer and. thanksgiving-.-. We beseech Thee to' bless the works which thou hast enabled us to commence, and to regard with. Thy favour ; our present purpose of unity together with the color., nies of this great and important country", in bringi ng forth the riches of'its resources, and of developing the capabilities of this great southern, land,, for supplying the wants of civilised man.' Cement amongst us the bond of Peace and Concord, and' in Thy name, and hot with us 'be the praise. Fulfil our requests for good ; further our desires; remember us for good with. Thy presence, and while we survey ..the woiks of.. Art and Industry around us, let not our brea'sts be lifted up that v;e forget, that all our ability is not of our own might,.or by the strength of our own' hands that we have done these things. We acknowledge them as "talents" lent ns from the. Lord our God. Let the many mercies we have received dispose our hearts to serve,Thee more and,= more, who art r the . Creator' and Giver .of all good; things.:, Teach; ;us to use all these; earthly blessings that Thou4hast given us 'so' /ricliiy io enjoy, and not to withdraw our affections from those heavenly things which Thou- hast prepared .for" "them that ; love .Thee. Visit- us with the visitation of mercy impart to us knowledge and good under standing ; bless Thou1"the >vork of"our hands! "Inspire our heartsrwith brotherly; affcction' towards all men, and filial affec tion- towards the- great Author of our Being, so that our hearts' may not be removed, from ' those., heavenly things which Thou hast prepared for them.-that love - Thee;. Through the- merit, and mediation of Thy own son Jesus- Christ, to, whom with Thee and.the Holy Ghosts - be all honor and glory, world without end. Amen. The- Mayor then called upon Mr Cuzneiv the Hon. Secretary, to read the report of'the-Committee , which was as follows :— On the announcement of the xnten-tiofi to hold 'an lutercolonial-Exhibition in 'Melbourne*, it waa suggested ta the^ Committee of the: Athenaeum, that, from, their having under their charge- the Burke Museum, it would - be desirable for . them-, to attempt to- hold a Local Exhibition in. Beechworth. " With this view they'place'd themselves in commu nication with the Royal Commissioners, and,received froin-. their..Secretary; not only^encouragement to proceed in ;their ..attempt,, b.u.t a very flattering "notice, of' the exhibits . sent from Beechworth to"; the'last exhibition in Melbourne,, with; a strong expression of the belief, of the Royat jCommissi oil .5 tlratjth e : material. advancement of the district since, that ^tiihej. ^warpcnted^ the expectation!^. of j a still more satisfactory collection- on the .presenJ;;oCca|ion. "7.(^'.mature'c6Dsid«ra^ tio'n"4t- -^appeared that-: thex exhibition -:w.puld::b'e.'_betjer managed', by. an! inde-! ..^n4entvG.9minij:feej.SM apubjic-meeting! was convened! by .-.the \ Mayor- in: the the conduct of tJie^Local ;E»hibition-' for. the Overis and Murray District - should "be'"entfiisted~to. the present-COminitteej. associated with such other genfcletmur.as might be; chosen!, in the' district sur^. rounding Beechworth. The Royal Com- missioners having formally : appointed!, .this Committee their. - agents, circulars were addressed to the whole;of the pub jli-C; bodies'in; the- district as well as!V to' influential individuals requesting their co-operation ^ To these circalars-a- hearty response .was generally ,..giveii,::r.and ^.the, work of the Committee, (in addition to' the necessary .arrangements for ^holding!, the Local Exhibition.) has therefore been* mainly^ to. stimulate the. aotiyity ,0 f , the, Diggers, Farmers,. Manufacturers, an'd' others,^to 'sucliijexertions^s may ; fulty,! fn.irly. and honorably represent their i' jlodaliti<§s.bbtli'"-the! -Intercolonial ExC hibition at Melbourne, and (as- far ; as practicable)fin.they'Exhibition of 1S67 at Paris.; and as one means- of effecting this'ofifekt* they determined to award certificated of merit for those local pro ductions-asrmay-be deemed worthy of such distinction. For this certificate a highly effective design was furnished by Mr HuJme^pf Stanley, with the decisions of the.!.judges in the several classes. How far the. Committee have accom plished-their objects, this .Hall i* the best evidence, and they feel that they may well congratulate themselves arid their neighbours on the success they have acheived. They hope and believe that the result, among themselves, of their efforts, will be to show that large stores of mineral wealth are yet undeve loped ; that a most favorably opening for enterprise offers itself in quarrying for slates, and building stones ; that the gums, and other vegetable productions of the locality will amply repay com- mercial attention, that Silk, Cotton, Tobacco, and tbe rarer seeds may be very profitably cultivated in the neigh bourhood ; and that many branches of manufacture need only to be established among them, to yield an ample remu neration; while as the result of all these considerations, they believe that by making the unbounded resources of the district known in Melbourne and other parts of the colony, the attention of capitalists will be widely directed to these advantages and early energetic steps be taken to provide such, increased facilties for communication, both by River and Rail, as to remove from the district, the only disadvantage .under which it labours a long and tedious journey from the Metropolis and other great centres of population* The report was received with consi derable applause. His Honor Judge O'ope was then ealled upon to deliver the Inaugnral Address* His Honor said he hoped there were not many present who had witnessed the opening of the Great Exhibitions of Lon don- in 1851 and 1862. If there were, he would ask them to forget for the time what they remembered of those great e vents, for we were only children as yet, and' the'..works, ,of men could not be : expected, of us. We have here no.. Royalty . and no Lord Mayor, we. had, however, a Mayor of Beech worthy and he was as much respected as' the Lord. Mayor5f.^d^6'ff;-r^:We"'haye' no- band from:the:Royal- Horse 'Guards-; but we*. had .a little band'growing up amongst us; which '.had certainly exerted itself, for our pleasure ,,to-day. ,,;,We had not. 500 choristers'; but if we had we would'not. know. ,what to do- .with' them.', -Neither ihad-we a';Poet.Laurate'to write -anyOde. on:the.oponing'of the Exhibition, but it was as'well we: had not, as he- (Judge Cope) would have to read the Ode, and ,in..,that, case he was sure those present would not know the poetry from prose. If they were to. come to the mines, how ever/it would be found that ,they were as productive as any in the colony. Yery. little was-, known, in London, of Victoria,, at'the time of the Great E'xhi bition;of 1851; yet Victoria surprised the visitors to that Exhibition. This district was about as much known in- Melbourne, as Victoria was ki o-.vn in London at that time ; but he was sure they would be surprised at our Exhibi- tion, and would'be surprised to hear, as -he had been told, that over £12,000,000 of gold had tSeeh sent down. Although by some-we were-designated " Tadmor,'' yet he thought the sight would convince them" what we were able'to do and accom plish. . There was one thing r.wliich was not represented in ithi's; Exhibition which he .would like, to have seen there,-and that was a model.of a section of the road from here to- Melbourne in winter time. The coach might be represented as stuck in the mud up to: the axle ,- and- the;pas sengers waitingjin.thorain.iintil the.con veyance was extricated. '; This, would also probably, astonish the -Melbourne people. There was one fact which he could not but .remark upon.. . Of all vtho: British colonies,-Victoria was the-'only: one which in the London' Exhibition had repre sented the Fine -Arts. We could in this, district,, as the walls around would show, add very materially to. the stock of those, to be shown-* The Exhibition altogether would, he had no doubt,. be. a... success. He believed this, district would make as good show at the Inter-Colonial Exhi bition in Melbourne, and. the Committee 'were certainly. ';deservin"g': of the highest praise for the manner in which they had worked'ih order-to. get together such a good .collection of " things* y '' ; The-Choir; then sang. the. "Hallelujah Chorus." . The MAYOR said, after the very com prehensive report read, by the- Secretary and' the address, of His Honor Judge . Copfo iit-did not require, many remarks fromhim. He might, however,, congra tulate the Committee on the success they had'acjiieved, especially, so. as there are yet a number of exhibits to come in. He. .then declared the Exhibition opened,., and the ceremony terminated with tho '.'.National Anthem " 'by the choir and company. THE EXHIBITION. reference, to the. ,Exhibition' itself, although there are some things, which certainly have not received suffi- cient or a,ny , attention, we cannot but repeat our * opinion- .previously expressed that the various,products, manufactures, , and resources-are- generally well repre sented*. When we / say there are some, : things which have not received suffi/ cient or any attention, we refer to timber and building stones,, but the complaiut" 'does; not refer to these alone, there being other.- articles -which it will not be denied might have been far- better represented. These,remarks are not. intended to imply atny eeiistire-on the-committee, for wo -believe they have exerted them selves to the utmost to make the Exhi- bition'a success, but we do. think those who1 are interested in these- particular products.^ are to. blame in not having taken' a little trouble in order to,make an exhibition,' so. im'portant thoroughly com- plete. • There is c still time to remedy this,/and'-we hopej before, the exhibits -are *. despatched -for Melbourne to hear 'that 'the' waoits- are;supplied. Having-stated.^what is not; in the Ex- hibition it may, be advisable , to.. state .what is ."toV be - seen -there,. 5 and , we ^er^ainiy-haye. a far more difficult task. Before;.Entering the hall itself, we pass through . a large tent, in which are berthed some very elegant carriages and : buggies of iocal manufacture, which are : exhibited by Messrs Atkinson,. Robin son, and Carroll, and Mr McLean, both linns being of Beechwortb. They are finished off with every eare as to the com- • i fort of the passengers and also to the : i strength of. the vehicle itself, and we I O ^ - - • # - -- b 1 ' have no hesitation in saying that they would not discredit, any. first- class.. metropolitan establishment. On enter ing the hall we turned to the left, where is placed a quantity of jam manufactured and exhibited by Messrs Dunn, of Beechworth, and Peake, of Chiltern. Next to this is some really excellent , Maryland leaf tobacco grown by Mr Henley, of Oxley. The tobacco shown is an excellent sample, and proves with out doubt that this valuable plant may be produced in this district with success. Next to this we observe a quantity of colonial wine exhibited by Messrs Zim merman, A. Graujoux, and C. Eeau, the latter gentleman of Wabgunyab. ; Passing this we arrive at one of the most attractive corners of the room, ' which is that occupied by the con tributions of Mr W. J. Turner, Camp Street, Beechworth^ This gentleman has evidently taken much pains tn the preparation of his exhibits, as the man- j ner in which they are exhibited is evi- j dence. His list comprises a great variety, but perhaps the most interesting is the collection of precious stones found in the district and specimens from . various claims, some of which are ex ceedingly rich. There is a show ofj colonial made jewelry in many instances 1 having gems found in the district set in ! it. There is also- a model of. a steam engine and numerous other articles of interest. From this corner we pass over to the other side of the room : where there- is another corner which ap- ; pears to- be entirely taken up by the j contributions of Mr E. H. Dunn. The ! first case we arrive at is one containing j some aboriginal implements, chiefly i stone tomahawks and stones for sharpen ing the same. Also aboriginal fishing nets. The case- adjoining this contains a large collection of insects principal!}' of, the grub genus.. Next to this we oome to a collection of granites, slates,, .and shales, and adjoining; that.-,again- is a really excellent contribution in the •shape ..of clays,..lignites, and ,iron- ores.... There, i&. a great' variety..:of clays ;of rvaxious. shades-, and colors. We certainly cannot complain of a- '.want. of clay, for, there. seemsftto? be in-this "collection clays' (fit for all purposes. Similar. .remarks ;apply*' to a . case, containing-, samples of sand which adjoins the clays.;,. Next to this is a case holding gems and precious, stones,, of which there is an excellent variety and some of them of consider.-; able value. After- this we have a case of crystals obtained in the Ovens District, and this appears to complete Mr Dunn's contributions. He, like Mr Turner, has, evidently done- his. best to make his col-. : lection interesting, and he- certainly, ap pears to have succeeded. The thanks of the committee and ■ the public generally are due to these. gentlemen for their exertions. After .Mr Dunn's, .con tributions come those of Mr.jJ., Hedley,; which principally consist of tin ore and stones from' th'e Woblshed and Reid's Creek.. -The tin ores ;apj5ear to be ex ceedingly rich, and'-'their"exhibition.may probably have the effect of turning at tention more generally.. to mining for tin. On the wall over these ores is an instrument which calls for some notice. It is designed and ;executjed by-Mr J. H. C'uzner of the Grammar School. He •gives ,-it-: the ! name ' of an " autiscope," ; and it is iateaded to convey- to-'children more clearly, than the present apparatus will allow, tile causes for the .seasons, &c.; The idea seems to be. ingenious as far as we could judge. The Rev. Mr Howard is the' contributor of the most comprehensive and interesting collection of colonial gams in the.Exhibition, and has taken great pains in having every variety properly named. The collection attracts much attention. There is an exhibition of some really excellent fire bricks by Messrs Deutschman.and Co., and these show the utility of some of the clays exhibited by Mr Dunn.. Mrs A. S.' Palmer has a fine collection of Australian sea weeds, which are ex- ceedingly beautiful in their preserved state. There is a very elegant contri- bution from the Borough Council of Rutherglen consisting of six excellent views of the town and other places of interest within the Borough. These are within an engrossed border contain- ing, various statistic-) and other infor- mation concerning Rutherglen. The whole is in a frame made from Murray pine which has an excellent appearance. Mr J. E. Bray is the photographer. The Borough Council of Beechworth has sent a contribution very similar. One of the tables arranged down by the pillars is mostly devoted, to natural history, the specimens of' which are of great interest' ificlxidi^g.',n.^7they do almost all the species of beasts, birds, and;reptiles .ftiund .-ih,/th'e'4isJ;rict.;/'T.hi3. table also contains Mr... Morre's's collec-;. tion of eggs supposed to be one- of Tthe most comprehensive in the colony.. On. a-table in the centre ' of- the room- is placed a most' interesting' collection- of ferus'and o'tber. plants- sent Mrs A. S Palmer the lady,who has also contri buted a number of varieties of Austra- lian sea weeds. On the table nearer to the entrance Messrs Littlewood exhibit some millinery from their establish- ment. Mr Galbraith a very tempting wedding cake, and there are also a num- ber of samples of leather of excellent quality from the Ovens Tannery. To the right of the door is the Electric Telegraph instrument with operator, authorized to send messages to some of the nearer stations. This was being done yesterday and a number of persons, were inspecting the method of operating. Next to this is a small printing press, sent by Mr R. Warren, and adjoining a lithographic press. On. the wall in front of the bar is a large frame containing a copy of Thursday's ''Ovens and Murray Advertiser" and specimens of printing which is also sent by Mr R. Warren. We have now about been round the room, but we would have it distinctly understood that we do not presume to- have mentioned nearly all the exhibits or even the ex- hibitors. We hive merely noticed those which most struck us in our walk round, our space not allowing us to give a more extended notice. In another issue we will go further into detail, and hope by that time that nearly if not quite all will be mentioned. Even from the above however the public will see that there is much in this Exhibition to interest and instruct, and will, observe that it is well worthy of a visit. So far the attendance during the day and in the evening has been very good, not withstanding that the amusement has been confined to the brass and the fife and drum bands. During the week how ever we understand that it is intended to add further attraction in the shape of amateur concerts and dramatic perfor mances, some amateur ttep dancing, &c;, so that those who hold season tickets will not altogether be condemned to see the same thing every time. We confess however that the Exhibition is more than we eould inspect thoroughly in one visit, and it will probably take season ticket holders this week to get through the novelty of that alone. Added to this the arrangement for receiving ex- hibits during the Exhibition will be another source of interest, as there will probably be something arriving almost daily uutil the Exhibition is closed. We cannot close this notice without bringing again before our readers the very praiseworthy exertions of the com- mittee. These gentlemen have been. almost unwearying in their labors and to their indefatigable exertions in behalf of the Exhibition is to be attri- buted, the success which has been achieved and too much, praise cannot be afforded to them. In many cases we know pecuniary loss, has been sustained by individual members in consequence of the in terest they have taken in the affair. The manner in which their report read at the opening ceremony was received, was to some extent a guarantee of how these exertions have been looked upon by the public and those members of committee who have been most active may rest assared that although perhaps, at present there may not be any return for their services still they will have gained at least the good opinion of their fellow townsmen. 