DALBY. (From the Dalby Herald.) BANQUET TO THE HON. THE COLONIAL TREASURER.-- We understand that the Hon. Joshua P. Bell has ac- cepted an invitation from a numerous body of gentlemen in Dalby to be present at a banquet on Tuesday, the 6th March next. Ma. &0SSEM, late C.V.S. here, took lus departure yesterday for Kiuiango, at which platw lie Jias been ap pointed C.P.S. and postmaster. Tub Asboii Hicks.— A meeting m» held last even ing, at Gibson's Caledonian Hotel, for tlie purpose of ap pointing gentlemen to act an xtewardd in the coming races. Mr. Sexton was in the chair. It was resolved that the races sWl take place on the 1st, '2nd, and 3rd of May next, the foltoitu; gentlemen to act as stewards — J 1', Bell, A. Bell, J. Challicoiulw. th H. Green, J. Sidney, H. Ko.*, D. Onl, «. S. Kilgour, J. Skelton, H. Campbell. \Y. Kent, W. Graham, J. Milntead, 3. Ryan, F. W. Hoche, 3. Howlin, J. Anderson, G. W. Harris, If. Thome, and R. Glissin. Judge, It. Se&ton; ; treasurer, (i. !l. Qrcen ; secretary, P. 8. Bowermon ; starter, J. Challicoiube ; clerk of the course, 11. Iloss. It was further resolved that a Jockey Club choujd be fanned, and a sub-committee was accordingly appointed to frame a code of rules to be submitted to a general meeting on the 2Stli instant. The programme -if tlie annual races will he similar to the one issued last year. A mo.ii named Sweeny died in the lock-up here on Friday last. Sweeny was accused at Roma with having abstracted a cash-box belonging to Mr. lUssitath of the Maranoa Hotel, and was committed to lake bis trial at Toowoomba Assb.es. lie was sent down to Dalby to be forwarded to Toowoomba gaol, but was fouud to be eo extremely unwell tbat it was deemed advisable to detain him here for a lime. He was suffering from low fever, and, as before stated, died on Friday lust. On Saturday the body was interred in the cemetery, aud in the absence of nil three of our local clergymen, the burial Rervicse of the Church of Engliud was read by tbe undertaker. OnMouduy last the ceremony of laying the founda tion- stone «( tlie Cliiirch of England vox performed by F. W. Roche, Esq., 3. P., in presence of a large and re spectable concourse of people, comprising members of all ilenouiinatioiiK in town. The day was reinaakMily fine, and an awning had been erected by the contractor, Mr. Hi!!, which ftffnnled jirotoction from the hoi sun to a greater portion of the |-euMi» present, The site of the building is nearly opposite tlis .School of Arts, am! on the Church of England Kcliiol reserve. Some time pre vious to tliitt appointed for tlie ceremony (rivclvc noon) a lurge body uf iodios aud gentlemen btvl assembled beneath the an-niug, and all manifested great interest in the proceixliusa. Precisely at noon, the R«v. K. (i. Mnherly gave out Psalra cxlv, commencing ' I will magnify thee, 0 God my king,' in which all joined. A prayer nnd Psalm uxxrv. — '' O, bow Araialile are thy dwellings' — follo«-ed, when the (.tone was lowered iiito its place, and dnly oJjuHt&l; ; Mr. Rjche saying, ' In the faith of Jesus Chrint we place this foundation stnne, in the iiiinieof tbe Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' A hymn was then sung, several prayers read, and the proceedings termi nated with the Lord's Prayer anil the benediction. Pre vious to the Muiie being Werei!, some silver laiinnniid a copy of the bathy llenll and tlie BrUhinc Courier of Thursday list were rlenreited in a cavity beneath it. At the tl*;tio,i of Mayor, which was by ballot., Alder man Mildtead iweivdl four votes, and Aldermen Bowcr man aud Gav'cr one carh. lir.isBASE Tfoii-iTAii. — A verv painful inquiry has been rcVcntly initiated by the Queensland government into certiiu facts conne^eil with tl\8 cmo «f n Mrs. Tries, who was admitted into the Urislnno Hospital us sitflVriii? fivuii insanity. Mr. Price, Jior IiiihImuJ, complained that she was badly trente.l. Her personal ctetnlinev hj not, hn alleged,' a!tsmleil tn. The ovi dence, as fur us nur perusal of it enabled us lo judge, demonstrates (bit some better judgment sh'aM ho ex CTf'w.l by t'insr W|,n hav.; (»v; eii- uv-. of -hn« \K-r.-ons o£ dor.i.nu'ed mini who are almifteil into the ljcisiiane Hos pital. Persons of u vensiiivc diij Oiition, who are placed in the limiitii- ward of tlio li.^iital, require tlie siylil of f:imili;ir faws, ,-ind rery kind iivaiineiit to vlTeci tliuir convalosceni..e. ?\\\V.ui, R:ii.-s.-Tiic:v r.re n:i tli.; burlh three vewl; ; \- The Mon'.nrKtiic.Vi 'hip, -''lis I''-1. Hi' Vni.?U;-, Laninn, 2Sfl (mis, kiiiI tin- LcichnaKW, Itii-.jh;, 4(ii ton-.. Tli - first iueuti-inM h.walroidv -:nHiin-!U'«l tjkin: wo'il, ami him wmiewliero aluut 3H0 lalw on Imirl. Tiie \alett.i is still diVliarjiir; inw.ird car'.ii. li.it will he all out this wwk. 'i'lrj whole of her carg.1, silnnt 10t»l tales, h p;i»!i''.-il, and will Iw stowed furtliwitli. TIi-j I.n-;iiii:i!r.ir is rclidv for li.;r -\n-\ v/o'-'.ii. SI,,, will t.fc :i-.,(,n'. 1000 baLs if winl, ,,f wiii.i'i .m- lull' i- i-naact-i, ami alicii.'v 2.1(1 lal.-:- iire i.i .-t.-.r™ uinlci-fiDiii;; l!,e prouKy of 'ilinnpinK.' Th ? .lir.-.-l hLiiirrv.-m « of v.-.iol from Queensland (-i Ijimlan will c-.-i.wl Uikc ..f ,tiv s:-i,-..:i prior tn the prawnt one S.) far s-nnc live nr hv thou sainl Imlffl) havt Iwsii evporieJ, nu.l it is cminrite.J lint by the uloae of t!ie EP.-.son K'Une ten llwuKiml l«J«s will have been nhipiwl Jircvt to London from tliis port. The cansc to wliii-U this vast iii.M'eas' in nur direct expmt trade may lie chiefly attributeJ U th'! impnsitinn of iuiport pick.-ii*e and nil valorem duiiw )-? the Government uf New South Wales.— Cousin: Tub Gavntiaii School of Arts. — It is quite impos sible for us to tell how it is that tlie School of Arts now building is not completed and banded over. Of course we are nware of the window -anil-door difficulty— of how, first, those articles were seized in the building by the bailiff for a delit of the sub-contractor, carnal anuy ro the Court House, disposed of l\v auction to a nun who has since then also been 'troiiWcd with tin- hnithT,' who have again seised tlie unfortunate doors and windows along with other goods ; but we fail to see tliut the loss of four doors and eight window frames is to be a stum bling-block in the way of the building being completed altogether, until the bailiff-ridden articles am he re covered. It is quite possible for one man to have im ported the timber from Honolulu, and to have made fae eimiUt of the articles iu question since they were first seized ; and tbe committee of the School of Arts will do well to Roe tb.it no more time shall be tossed away by the contractor. The carelessness displayed in tlie nou-completion of tin's work is anything but (latter ing or beneficial to tbe contractor, who, it is thought, is only serving his own ends by the manner be is using the building at present.— li. Argus. The Vbisidest's Mbssaok.— The sitting of Congress opened at' WisMngton on tbe 4th December. The Pre sidential Message says that the re-construction of the Union must be effected by the .North allowing the memory of tbe past to sink into oblivion ; and in the South by the adoption by each state of amendment in its Constitution, abolishing slavery for ever. Persons charged with treason should be fairly tried in the civil courts. It proposes to reduce the army to apea.ee esta blishment of 50,000 men, so organised that its members may, in case of need, be promptly raised to 80,000. The estimates for the army being reduced, a hind policy should be devised, which would pay off the National Debt within thirty years. The aim of tbe President will be to promote peace and amity with foreign nations, as long as he beUeveB them to be actuated by friendly dispositions towards America. A sincere desire for tbe maintenance of peace had induced him at the outset to propose that the questions in dispute, between the United States and England, with reference to the depredatious of the Confederate cruisers, should be submitted to arbitration. England had rejected that offer, and proposed the appointment of a cammiesion to settle certain other claims, excluding those arising out of the depredations referred to. That proposal he re jected. Tliese claims bad not been brought forward by the United States with the object of obtaining pecuniary compensation for tbe damage done, but with the purpose of establishing an important principle of international law. Tbe President does not advise any present attempts being made to redress those differences. It is by legis lation that, future anarchy must be pre vented, and the arrangements between tbe two coun tries be brought to lest on tbe basis of mutual justice. Th? United States would abstain from interfering with the forms of government which prevailed ia Europe, and would regard it as a great calamity should any Enropean Power challenge the American people t? defend repub Ucaaisra in that continent against foreigu interference. Tbe diplomatic correspondence with France would be bid before the House in the form of a report The Secretary of the Treasury favoured the repeal of ths Legal Tender Act at the earliest practicable moment, bnt does not urge it amongst the class of measure requiring immediate attention. The paper currency afloat amounted to seven hundred million dollars. Tbe gradual contraction of that currency would save tbe country from wide spread disaster. Kecommends the Congress Bboald declare that compound interest in notes had ceased to be a legal tender. Asks authority to issue «ii per cent, bands *t discretion for ths purpose cf enabling the Government to retire the compound interest United States notes. Hecommends legislation for re ducing the National debts by fandiflg tie obUgatiom of tbeeoontryontil they arrive *t maturity and providing revenue* kcosut to paj lie iirtersrtmthat debt with a certain definite aswant unttaUy for reduction of the pram^i.^Gmrdmn-tTdegrtm, 