THE EE WS OF THE DAY. The immker of udmissions to the Intercolonial Exhibition, yesterday, was as follows : — By season pass tickets : From ten a.m. to 'five p.m., 657 ; fi-oiu seven p.m. to ten p.m., 434. Cash ndmissions ; From ten a.m. to five p.m., 1277; from seven p.m. to ten p.m., 493. Total admissions, 2861. The second day's racing of the Biillaarat Turf Club's spring 'meeting came off yesterday, and vns on the whole very successful. There were five events on the card, and tliev were all well contested. though the fields were, in some instances, smaller than could be desired. The District Plate was won. by Miss Fisher, heating two others ; the Selling Steeplechase by Young Camel,' beating Saxby, after a match, which, for vicissitudes, has rarely if ever been equalled on the Australian Turf ; tlie Handi cap, by Playboy, beating four others, ineluding-Mr Fisher's fino colt, Tho Dane ; the Selling Stakes by Mr Tozer's Merry Maid; and the All Aged Stakes liy MrL. L. Smith's Ij. L., beating Siren and Iona. Four thousand seven hundred nnd thirteen acres of land were, yesterday, taken up at the Land office, Melbourne, under the 42nd section of tlie Land Act, in the counties of Bourke, Evelyn and Morniugton. The Geelong Gas Compnny, some -weeks since, apprised the town council of their intention not to supply gas for the public lamps on tho same terms for the coming, as they have been doing for tho pre sent year. Arising ont of this announcement, the public works committeo had a conference with the directors yesterday, the result of which, it is said, will be that kerosene light or . total darkness will prevail in tho streets until the company moderate their demands. It appears that by tho system adopted during the present year of lighting the lamps from meters under tho control of the corporation, a sav ing out of the fourpenny lighting rate to the amount of £1100 lias been effected, which sum has been applied to reducing tlio citizens' debt to their hanker ; hut on the other hand, tlie directors of the Gas Company, from the same cause, were under the necessity of declaring, at their last meeting, that their profits would only enable them to pay a dividend of 8 per cent, in lieu of ten under their former contract with the corporation. Tlxoy, therefore, object to .Jhi' i-iiuiR-il making a profit out of the lighting nit J, which., be fore went to swell their dividends, oven though that profit had again re turned to tlie ratepayers through their bunker. The matter will be finally duult with at tho next meeting of the council. A banquet u-.is given at Scott's Hotel, last even ing, to the representatives of New South Wales and South Australia in the forthcoming mutches of tlie Victorian Rifle Association. The chair was oc cupied by Colonel Anderson, who was supported 011 Lis right by his Excellency the Governor and the Mayor of Melbourne ; and on his left by tlio lion. T. H. .Fellows, M.L.C., stud Major Eastwood. The vice-chairs were filled respectively liv Major Hall and Captain Fario. After the edibles had been disposed of, the chairman proposed tiie toasts of ' The Queen ' the ' Prince of Wales and tlio Royal Family,' which were drunk with every demonstration of loyalty. The next toast was that of the Governor of Victoria, which was received with cheers. His Excellency, in briefly returning thanks, snid his connection with the Victorian Rifle Association had been, as yet, bnt short, but ; it wus one in which lie felt a deep interest, anil he I would always feel great pleasure in doing even-tiling in his power to contribute to its success. The chairman next gave ' The Mayor of Melbourne,' wishing him a prosperous reign, and success to the city of Melbourne. His Worship replied in suit able terms, and spoke in a complimentary manner of tho volunteers generally. The toast of the ' Arniy and Navy' was responded to by Captain Bryce, of her Majesty's 14th Regiment, and by Captain Nor man. In reply to that of ' The Parliament of Vic toria,' the lion. Mr Fellows expressed his regret thut the Legislature was not more numerously repre sented. The toast was briefly hut humor ously responded to by Mr AspinalL His Excellenoy proposed 'The New South Wales Champion Ten' — coupled with the name of Major Eastwood, cuptuiu of the team. He alluded to tlio hospi tality whieli luid been shown to our volunteers by those of New South Wales, and to the improvements made by volunteers in the use of tlie rifle, as shown by a return which had been placed in liis hnnd. Major Eastwood responded. Among the other tonsts proposed were, ' Our Guests from South Australia,' ' The Victorian Champions,' ' The Volunteer Force of England,' ' Tho New Sontli Wales Umpire,' 'The Victorian Umpire,' ' Sir W. Manning (the President) nnd the Members of the New South Wules Rifle Associa tion,' '.The President (Colonel Anderson) and the Members of the Victorian Rifle Association.' The greatest hilarity and good feeling prevailed, and the company did not sepnrutc until a late hour. A deputation from tlie shire council of Corio waited upon the lion, the Commissioner of ltoads and Bridges, yesterday, aud asked that a road should he formed between the Annkics and Geelong ; but Mr Vale said the question had been twicu before the department, aud ho could not see that anything had been advanced to justify his acceding to the request. The conference of delegates from shire councils and roiul hoards of the Western District, having closed their proceedings, waited, yesterday, upon the lion, the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, aud the ' hon. tho Chief ' Secretary, and sub mitted to them their labors. The prin cipal amendments introduced in . the Local Government Bill were that road hoards should pos sess the same privileges as the shire councils, thut the scale of suffrage should he for £10 and under £50 of rateable property, one vote, £50 and under £100, two votes, and for £100 and upwards, three votes and no more. That fixed mining plant should be rated, but not mines. That road boards and sbiro councils, aggrieved by the acts of courts of petty sessions, should have power to apjienl to the courts of general sessions ; that any person appointed to fulfil the duties of surveyor should possess a certificate of competency from some duly qualified authority, ? that tho Governor in Council should have power to alter and readjust existing boundaries, ir respective of the electoral districts, on tlio pctitiuu of two-thirds of the ratepayers ; that the endow ment of £2 for every £1 in uid of local imports be extended to ten yenrs from the passing of tho Local Government Act, that a sum equal to two-thirds of the cost of con structing main roads, Jrc., bo paid to local bodies ?from tbo consolidated rovenue, that progress pay ments be made on the 1st March and 1st September in each year, and that tlie mode of distribution be pub lished in the Government Gazette, and that property rated at £10 should bo the qualification of an elec tor. Mr Viilo saiil the suggestion should have con sideration, and he hoped that the local bodies, when asking for incrensed bounties from the Government, considered nt the same time the necessity that would ariso for increased taxation ; and that, whilst the plea put forward for increased endowment from the Government was tlie benefit derived by tlie unsold lands of tlie Crown, it would not bo over looked that there were other large tracts of land -which were equally benefited, and whieli ought to bear a largor . share of local taxation. We learn from tlio Ballaarat Star that ' a rifle match between ten members of tho Emerald-hill Artillery,- under the command of Lieutenant Sliep pnrd, and a like number of the Ballaarat Rangers under tlie command of Captain Sleep, was con tested on Thursday lust, at the Bulliiarnt butts, .which ended, after a very exciting and close compe tition, in the Balltturat corps winning by four points. A strong westerly breeze, blowing across the range, accounts for the small scores made. Thero were five shots fired at each range (200, 300, 500, and 600 yards), tho top scorer for tho Emerald-liill side being sergeant Rainsford, with 47 points ; and for Ballaurat, Private Ditty, who made 42 points. The Emerald-hill ten unule 320 points ; the Ballaarat party 833 points.' At tho city court, yesterday, Alfred Hickman, barman at the Newmarket tap in Bourke street, was charged with causing -violent injuries to a man named Hiekhibothinn, who had since died in the hospital from the effects of the same. Hiekin bothnin had been forcibly ejected frcm the hotel by the prisoner, and was discovered some time after wards lying upon the pavement in a state of insensi bility. He was removed to the hospital, and died there a day or two afterwards. The bench .re mnuded the prisoner until tho result of the inquest might he known. Jacob Isaacs, pawnbroker in Lonsdale-street, appeared, yesterday, before the eitv beneii, on the charge of receiving stolen property. After the evidence of detective Black had been taken, tho prisoner was remanded until Thursday next. It is rumored that Mr Duigan, who has so long and ably filled the position of clerk of petty sessions for tho districts of Fitzroy and East Colliugwood, is to be removed. -It is probable he will he ap pointed to 11 similar office in tlie city. Anniversnrv services will be lieldin Union Church, North Melbourne (tho Rev. A. D. Kiniumont's), to-morrow, when tho Rev. J. O. Dykes, G. Mackie and J. W. Inglis will officiate. A match was played 011 the Melbourne Cricket Ground, yesterday, between 1111 eleven from the banks and a similar number of members of the Melbourne elub. I11 the first innings Melbourne only made 46, the splendid howling of Parke pre venting the batsmen getting into double figures. In their second hands they were more fortu nate, and when the stumps were drawn, succeeded in making over 109 runs. Of these Cameron wns he highest scorer. The hanks made 145 in their innings, The Carlton and Esseudon clubs meet this afternoon 011 the ground of the former club, at Carlton, at half -past two p.m. . The Cilrlton team will ho chosen from the following, viz. : Parish, Guy, ?Tames, M'Furhiud, Bishop, Wallace, A. Atyeo, Duncan, Timuiins, Fletcher, Adanison, Maddeii, Jones, Puttisou, and Peak. ' The Horse, and its Treatment in Australia, ' with an appendix' on ' Sluicing,' by George Hamil ton, chief inspector of police in South Australia, is the title of a small work just pnblislied by Messrs Baillieve and Co. It contains a large amount of useful information, and may safely be recommended to all interested in the treatment of the ' noblest of animals.' We have received the copy of a pamphlet entitled ' A Plea for Baxter.' The pamphlet contains a series of letters in reply to some of the criticisms cm Mr Baxter's hook. A singular fact ill natural history is narrated as follows by tlie Bendigo Independent : — ' Mr An derson, a dairyman) residing nt the Big-hill, had a , field of eight acres of mangold wurzei which was , attacked by caterpillars and grubs, and seven seres, out of the eight fell a prey. A recent heavy fall of' rain partially checked the destruction. This was. followed by the appearance of not a flock, hut what our informant called a ' cloud' of brown birds, nbout tlie size nnd appearance of tho wattle bird r. they alighted in tho field, and in a few hours the ravages were stayed and n clean sweep wns made of tho caterpillars — uot one was to be seen. Tlie birds disappeared as suddenly and as mysteriously us they bad appeared.' William Baiuford, tho public executioner, was fined 5s ut the city court, yesterday, for drunken ness. A curious case rolntive to tlie continued responsi bility of a person who lias become security that another will keep the peace, occurred in the Geelong police court, on Thursday. It is reported as follows, by the Advertiser : — ' At the police court, on Thurs day, ex constable Mnhoney, who has hut recently been dismissed the force, wns brought up and fined five shillings for drunkenness. It is a pity to see a fine able- bodied man, who, but for his dissipated habits, might have risen to a good position in this, force, descend so low. A short time ngo, 011 the 12th of this month, a friend of his, Mr I.uwton, went hail for him that he should keep the pence for six months, hut his conduct lias since been of such a character that Lawton feared Ids responsibility, and appeared at the police court, yesterday, to deliver up his prisoner, or in other words to surrender his. bail. Mr Picken appeared in support of tho applica tion, aud it was amusing to notice how carefully Mnhonev, after pnying liis five shillings, had to bo shepherded by Lawton lest he should leave the court before the sur render wns accepted. Now nnd again Mnhoney would make an attempt to leave tlio linll by tlie mayor s entrance, nnd then again by the public doors. In this, however, he wns stopped by Lawton, and it was thought that there would be a figlit in court. After u long discussion, the magis trates declined to relieve Luwton of his bail, on the ground that he hail uot shown sufficient cnuso why the surrender of his hail should ho accepted. The niagistrates stated that tliey would hold Lawton re sponsible for the prisoner for twenty-four hours, when lie would have to bring up his prisoner again,, -when certain law points would be discussed. Law ton, acting on the advice of his solicitor, declined to. be responsible, anil Mnhoney left the court. The question arises, if Mnhoney breaks the pence, is. Lawton responsible. Tlie bench ruled that they still kept him to ids sureties ; but Mr Picken nrgned that Lawton, luiviug surrendered his prisoner, wns no. longer responsible. 'Whichever way it goes, the mntter is one of .importance ; nnd, if it he settled that a man who goes bail for another cannot surren der that hail at any time, grout care will have to be taken by all who wish to relieve any friend from being incarcerated.' A Chinaman, named Poy Chung, was arrested last evening, for a burglary at the stores of Messrs Hen derson and Co., 98 Swauston-street. The- premises were broken into during 'Wednesday night, an en trance being effected by removing some bricks from the wiill at the rear of the premises. A quantity of' spirits and candles, valued at £40, was stolen. Tho committee of the West Melbourne Literary Institute met yesterday evening, in tho Metropolitan Hotel, William- street ; Dr. Ivnnggs in the clmir. The business was confined to tlio opening of tenders for the erection of tlie hall, the adjudication upon which was postponed uutil Monday next. The committeo of the Williamstown Borough Grammar School met 011 Wednesday last, when the competitive designs for the building were agnin taken into consideration, and it was unanimously decided to award the first premium to Mr William Salway. Tho second premium wns awarded to Mr Peter Matthews, of Collins-street. Tenders will shortly bo called for tbe work, which is to bo pro ceeded with at onee. Tho Bight Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne will preach and hold a confirmation service at Christ's Church, St. Hilda, to-morrow morning. A collec tion will bo made in aid of the general church fund ' of the diocese. We observe, from our advertisement columns, thai tho Rev. A. R. Boyd M'Coy, of Costlemnine, will preach at the Orderly-room, East St. Kildn, to morrow. The following is a return showing the number of letters, packets, and newspapers, received nt and despatched from Victoria per P. and O. Roynl Mail steamships, during the month of November, 1866: — Received per Geelong, 51,468 letters, 2164 packets, anil 101,529 newspapers. Despatched per Bombay, 47,804 letters 481 packets, and 57,175 newspapers. Making a total of 99,272 letters,. 2645 packets, and 158,704 newspapers. Tlie head-quarters hand will piny thus afternoon: froin three to five o'clock, at tlie Intercolonial Ex hibition. Tlie following is the programme : — 1. Hal lelujah chorus, Handel ; 2. Quadrille, ' Orphee aux enters, ' Offenbach ; 3. Selection, '* Capuletti o Monteehi,' Bellini ; 4. Overture, ' Stiibut Mater,' Rossini; 5. Waltz, ' Amoretten,' Gung'l; 6. ' Le Cnrucval de Venice,' Siede ; 7. Gnlop, ' Biarritz,' Wagner. In our advertisement columns will he seen the an nouncement of a number of meetings, to bo held next week, lit which Mr B. Short, of Sydney, will bo present to explain the advantages of life nssurunce. His experience in ? New South Wales as n lecturer extends over many years. On Tuesday evening ho will appear ut the Assembly Rooms, Brighton ; on Wednesday, nt the school-room attached to the Con gregational church, Richmond ; 011 Thursday, at St. George's Hall, when the Rev. A. M. Henderson will deliver nn address previous to the lecture ; and, on Friday night, ut the Oxford-street scliuol-rooni, Col liugwood. The following miserable picture of the con dition of tlie portion of Queensland to wlueli it relates is supplied to the Dalby Herald by a correspondent, writing from Surat : — ' What 111 the world tho Balonne aud the surrounding district is. coming to is at present a mystery, much doubt being expressed that wo shall any of us he alive next year. Tin: so much wished for rain is like the grapes were to tho fox, rather sour. For the last week, we have been tantalised by observing large volumes of rain clouds passing over us, and with something liko an approach to 11 thunderstorm ; hut, alas ! only to dis appear to visit some more favored spot. On Sunday afternoon, it blew almost a hurricane, uud the rain came down for about nuhour. Since then, we linve hud nothing hut scorching hot weather, and high winds during the night. The thermometer, last week, averaged 104 in the shade ; so I leave you to guess ? what it wns outside. . . . Horses are in a most miserable condition ; in fact, yon would look at them, mid imagine they were the ghosts of Rozinante. Those who ride them are almost liable under Martin's Act. A very little more of - this wenther, nnd you need not expect any com munications from this district, for we shall not be able to send it down for want of horses. As for beef or mutton, we have long since censed to think of a good piece of meat, hut now content ourselves with carrion, or 11 very near approach to it. Un hickily, we are not in the position the French are to fall back 011 lior.se flesh for food. We have a few goats browsing upon air, nnd when tin* nhigail sallies forth to milk them, too often finds tliem barren. Perhaps they might do for a few days' food for ns. Even tlie river is beginning to tell its dirt? tale of want of rain — tho water is stinking, and now is so low near the township that you may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Tulnvera station is about to he abandoned for want of water. Already some of tlie sheep have left — some say for Clifton, others for Melbourne , but I am not ablo to say which is correct, for I don't think tho manager knows himself.' Messrs Leslie and Raynor, Into members of one of the companies of Christy Minstrels, took a benefit, ' at the Hnyroorkct Theatre, last evening. The house was crowded to excess. After the drama of ' Milky 'White' had been performed, there was a variety of entertainments given by Messrs Leslie, Raynor, Jtainsford, Braham and Miss Geraldine R arden. Some of these were of a highly mirthpro voking character — notably, ' The Rhinoceros,' by Messrs Leslie and Knynor, and the former's stump speech. At the end of the interlude Mr Leslie, in ' answer to a call oi the. house, came before the cur tain, and in a neat speech returned thanks for the many kindnesses he had received at the hands of Melbourne audiences since his first arrival in the colony. He said' lie then bade tliem farewell with feelings ]of deep sorrow, but be hoped the time would come when he would appear before them again. The performances concluded with the burlesque of ?' Cinderella.' In it Miss Mathewk (who kindly gave her sen-ices for the occasion), re-appeared as Prince Prettypet. She was received most enthusi astically, and the cordial welcome given her was never better deserved, for by her spirited acting and exquisite singing she mnde the burlesque go right ? merrily. To-night, Boueicault's drama of ' ' Arrali na-pogue ' will be played, with new scenery and effects. Miss ltose Edouin has been specially re tained to sustain the part of Arrah Modish. At St. George's Hall, this evening, Miss Mathews gives a concert in aid of the funds of the Magdalen Asylum. She will be assisted by several amateurs of note. Mr Peter Munsergh is to perform in the dramn of the' Irish Emigrant,' at the Princess Theatre, to-night. At the Theatre Royal, to-night, Miss Aitken appears, for the first time in Melbourne for nearly five years, in Boueicault's adaptation of Sir Wnlter Scott's novel of ' Tlie Heart of Mid-Lothian.' In this sho sustains her greatest character, that of Madge Wildfire. 