METROPOLITAN AUTUMN RACE MEETING. Fbiday. 6th Mat. This was the 'off' day of the meeting, bnt the sport pro Tided was good notwithstanding, and the attendance fully as large es could be expected for the intermediate day. The weatber was as beautifully fine as on either of the pre ceding race days. The favourites were decidedly un fortunate, Yattendon being the only favourite who pulled The first event ou the card was the All-aged Stakes, for which (Tarragon having been withdrawn) Dundee was first favourite at 6 and 6 to 4 on him. The Pitsfbrd, who was scarcely hacked at all, ran first in this race, but was dis qualified, for jostling Falcon ; Thompson, who rode the colt, being also disqualified from riding at Rand wick for one year. We are informed that this was the first protest that Mr. Taitbas ever entered during a career of twenty- five yeere upon the turf) and in thie instance he suc ceeded in convincing the stewards ef the jnstioe of bis complaint. The fbst monev in the race was awarded to Falcon and the second to Dundee. The Bruie was regarded as a certainty for the Rose of Australia, but here the ' pot boiled over again,' Tim Whiffler, against whom 2 to 1 was hqd freely, and as much as £50 to £10 in one bet, having won it, without being touched by whip or spur. In the City Handicap the verdict of the previous day in the GreatCup contest was sustained ; Yattendon, carrying a penalty of 8 lbs. for winning the Cop, having pulled it off at bis esse. The Scurry Stakes fell to Mr. Winch's mare 'Wildare. A more detailed account of the racing is appended. First Race. — The All-aged Stakes of 10 sovereigns each, with 1O0 sovereigns added ; 1 mile ; second horse to receive 20 sovereigns from the prize. Entrance, 6 sovereigns. Seven subscribers. Mr. J. Tait'ech. g. Falcon, 4 years ; 8st. 91ba. (Stanley) ... 1 Chaste na. ch. h.Dundcc, 4 years ; 6 st. 12 lbs. (Driscoll},.. 2 A. Xodcr*s br. c. The Pitsford, 3 years ; fc St. disqualified. W. Baldwin's b, f. Beatrice, 3 years ; 7 st. 12 lbs. Betting : 6 to 4 on Dundee, 5 to 4 against Falcon, 2 to 1 against The Piteferd. At the fall of the flag. Falcon, The Pitsford, and Beatrice jumped off together, Dundee being a couple of lengths in the rear. Beatrice, in a few strides fell to the rear, leaving Falcon and The Pitsford to race neck and neck. At the back of the course Dundee, who had been gaining on the leading pair at every stride, went up, and all three raced along the back to gether until they reached the half-mile post, when the Pitsford fell off a little, leaving Falcon and Dundee still Taring side by side. After entering the straight running, Thompson took The Pitsford colt np to, and past the pair, beating Falcon at the post by a couple of lengths, Falcon in tnm defeating Dundee for second place, by half a length. Time, 1 minute 49 seconds. A protest was entered by Mr. Taii against The Pitsford, on the ground that 'his jockey (Thompson) jostled Falcon off the running ground to the inside of the course, shortly after starting. The Stewards took evidence from several perrons who witnessed the alleged jostle, and con sidering the charge proved, they disqualified The Pitsford from taking the prize, and Thompson from riding at Rand wick for twelve months. Second Race. — The Prinoeof Wales? Stakes of 6 sovereigns each, with 60 sovereigns added ; for all horses ; 1J mue ; second horse 12 sovereigns out of the prize. The winner to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £109 ; if ferfSO, allowed 7 lbs; £70, 12 lbs.; £60, 19 lbs.; £-30, 28 ibs. The amount (if any) realised in excess of the entered selling price, to go to the fund. Entrance, 3 sovereigns, 10 subs. Mr, ), fiectb's b. g, Bracelet (£70), 6 years, 8 st. 5 lbs. (J. Kane) ... ? ... ? 1 3\. B.yau'6 ch. g. Cock-a-hoop (£60), aged, 7 st. 3 lbs. (George) ... ? 2 T. Dawson's b. g. rraxitelee (£50), 4 years, 6 st. 9 lbs. (Goldrpink) ... ... ... ... ... 3 J. Tait'e b. g. Rarey (£501, aged, 7 St. 3 lbs. llarsdea's gr. b. Albert (£50), 5 yean, 7 st. 3 lbs. J. Laurence's b. g. Presto (£60), aged, 7 st. 12 lbs. J. Bowman's bl.b. Tocal (£80), 3 years, 7 st. 5 lbs. C. Esther's br. h. Saucebox (£70), aged, 8 st. 8 lbs. G. Sydney's b. g. Little Mica (£50), 6 years, 7 st. 3 lbs. The lot got away upon tolerably equal terms. Rarey was the first to show in front, but. almost immediately after wards Praxiteles went np and deprived Mr. Tait'e horse of the premier position. The horses settled down into their places as they passed the stand, Praxiteles was leadmg with Little Mick lying second, and Cock-a- hoop third, Rarey, Albert, Bracelet, mid Presto together, and Tocal (who had run almost round the course at the first attempt to atari them) last of all. At the Rocks turn Little Mick fell off beaten, and Cock-a-hoop took Ids place. At the back of the course, Mr. Dawson's hone wsb still leading, with Cook-a- hoop second, Albert third, Presto fourth, and Bracelet, who was improving bis position at every stride, fifth. As they entered the straight running, Bracelet was taken to the front and ran home an easy winner, Cock-a-hoop securing second place, and Praxi teles tire third. Presto was fourth, Rarey fifth, and Albert sixth. Time, 3 minutes 19] seconds. Bracelet was effered at auction after the race, and bought in st £84. Third Race. — The (Autumn) Bruie Stakes of 10 sove reigns each ; h. ft. ; 100 sovereigns added ; for 3 years ; celts, 8 st. 10 lbs. ; fillies, 8 st. 8 lbs. The winner of the (Australian) Derby, 6 lbs, ; St. Lnger, 7 lbs. ; of both, 10 lbs. ; ths second in the former 2 lbs., and in the latter 3 lbs. ; in both, 4 lbs. extra. 1] mile. Second horse to receive 20 sovereigns from the prize. Entrance, 6 sove reigns. Stubs. Mr. E. De Mestre's b. c. Tim Whiffler, 8 et. 10 lbs. (Btone) ... 1 J. Eales's, jun., br. f. Bose of Australia (Hogan) ... 2 Betting : 2 to 1 on the Rose. An even start was effected, and the Rose, who had the inside place, at once went to the front, and made the run ning. She led past the Rocks and round the Denison coiner by a length, but at file back of the course Tim WhBfler went up and raced along side of ber for a abort distance, and then fell slightly to the rear. No further alteration took place until iney were rounding in to the Btraight running, when. Tim Wiiiffler collared the filly, passed her, and ran home am easy winner hard held. Time, 1 minntee 22 seconds. Fourth Race. — The City Handicap of 10 sovereigns each, h, ft.; 100 sovereigns added; for all horses; ljmile. Second horse to receive 20 sovereigns from the prize. A winner of any handicap, after the declaration of weights, to carry 6 lbs. extra; the winner of the Sydney Cup 3 lbs. additional, Entrance, £ sovereigns. Mr. Merry's br, h. Yattendon, 4 years, 9 st. 4 lbs. (Holmes) ... 1 Merry's b. g. Safeguard, 4 years, 7 st.'S lbs. (J. Moore) ... 2 J. Lee^cb. f.'Gaaelle, Syeara, 6 Et. 4 lbs. (George) ... 3 Thomas Sullivan's b. g. Union Jask, 6 years, 8 St. 5 lbs. T. Ivory's ch. g. O'Meara, aged, 8 st. 10 lbB. C. EatUr's ch. g. Potentate, aged, 8 St. 4 lbs. Another excellent start was effected, and for a few strides all . the horses were in a line. Mr. Lee's filly then went to the front, and led past the Stand, Safeguard bring a close second, . with the remaining four all in a heap six lengths behind, , No alteration of positions took place until after they had passed the Reeks, when the ruck began to close np, and in passing the two-mile post a large sheet would have covered the lot. Safeguard now showed in front, and aa the line' began to open out Yattendon was observed, to be running second. The latter was gainingupon Safeguard at every stride, and in .passing the Derby oorner he collared and passed hie heme. From this point the result was never in doubt, for although Gazelle made a game effort, it proved ftitile. and the two stable companions passed the poet first end second, with Gazelle third, Union Jack a bad fourth, sad Potentate fifth. Time, 2 minutes 494 seconds. . Fifth Baoe. — The Scurry Stakes of 2] sovereigns eaoh, 26 sovereigns added ; for all ages; 1} mile. The winner, to be sold by auction immediately after the race for £20, the euiplua (if any) to go to the fund, Entrance, 1 sovereign. lady Wildsrt(W. Moore) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Cooramin (J. Ramsay) ... ... ... ... ... '2 8atelfite (Woods) ' ... ... ... ... ... 3. The following tdeo ran:— George the First, Lunatic, Cfaatterees, Hotspur, Garvey, Dora, Camden, and Brown . Frinoe. \- The lot got away upon tolerably equal terms, and went off at a hilling pace. Lady Wildare. who was not mentioned in the betting, went np «tt the Derby oomer, took up the' running, and pulled off the prize cleverly, about four lengths separating her from Cooramin, who was about two lengths is advance of Satellite, the others running in in Indian file. Time, 2 minutes 25 seconds. The .winner was pnt np for sale, and knocked down to ?Mr. W. Xyster fer £30. THB.FlATE.DAr. The Metropolitan Autumn Raoe .Meeting of 1866, which in all etsemml elements Mae .been as successful a meeting fes ' *0® ever held at Randwick, terminated - on Saturday lakt: with is emollient -day's sport Whatever the Attractions of uie preceding race days to certain classes of persons the last Salnrdey of the meeting is invariably regarded as the great and all important' day to the groat mass of the people ; and the present occasion showed no exception to the rule. The attendance -was very much larger than on any of the preceding days of the meeting, not only of that elaaeof persons ' who are content to witness the equine struggles from either side of the course, hut of the well-to-do class \- who for a email additional outlay witness them from the stand. The Grand Stand waa much mora crowded ou Saturday than on either the St. Leger, or the Cup Day, end the number of ladies present was very much larger. His Excellency the Governor and suite arrived on the ground early in the afternoon, and re mained until after the three mile race fer the Queen's Plate. The present meeting has been distinguished beyond all its predecessors for the delightful weather that has pre vailed throughout; on each of the four days it has been all that the moat fastidious could desire, and it is scarcely necessary to add that this contributed materially to the success of the meeting. As excellent band was in attend ance during the four days, and performed appropriate selections of music in the enclosure in front of ths grand stand. A detachment of the Metropolitan Polioe Force was on the ground during each day, but beyond clearing the course there was little for the constables to do, the utmost order prevailing on all sides. Last, bnt by no means least in importance, were the arrangements of the commissariat department, and they were all that could be expected on a race-oonrse. Mr. O'Brien, of Tattei sail's provided a luncheon, which included every delicacy, for the members of the Club and their friends in the Jockey Club room, and a substantial luncheon fer the general public in the other large room, under the Grand Etand. Outside of the enclosure were the Derby Stand (taken by Mr. Perry, of Perry's Hotel), and a long line of booths from which refreshments were served to all who were prepared to pay a reasonable price fer them. We must not omit to remark, moreover, that the arrange mente of the Inspector of Vehicles for putting down, but more particularly fer taking up passengers at the gates, were most perfect, and that by the plan adopted at the pre- - sent meeting as well as at that in September last, all that rushing and crowding at the gates, arising from the crush of vehicles and foot passengers— fruitful sources of danger at previous meetings — are avoided, end persons leaving the course have reasonable chanoe of getting to the busses or cabs without much risk te life or limb. It is satisfactory to be able to report that the meeting has paBsed off without an accident so fer as we have heard, of any kind: With regard to the racing on the Saturday, a detailed account is appended, and therefore little ofa general cha racter need be said here. The Rons Handicap was the first event on the card. The Pitsford colt was the most fended fer this race, on account of his easy victory in the St. Leger, but many people believe that no one can ride him like Thompson, and therefore were by no means disappointed at seeing him run second with another jockey up, notwithstanding that the jockey (Ashworth) who rode him on Saturday is one of the very best we have ou the turf. The winner was found in Cossack, whose per formances since the St. Leger have entitled him to be con sidered the beet tbree-yeer-old we have in the colony. The next race was the Randwick Handicap, the prize for which was pulled off cleverly by Mr. Ivory's little mare Sultana Yattenden, the winner of the Cup, was entered for this race as well as for the Queen's Plate, and he was backed to win both, but being scratched for the Plate on Friday evening he was at once made first favourite fer the Handicap. He was withdrawn, however, during the day — a proceeding which created much surprise and disappointment among his backers. For the Queen's Plate there was but three starters, Tarragon. Canobie, and Cossack, and the old horse was backed at 2 to 1 to win it Many persons believed that CoBsack would not be sent for it, after winning the Rous Handicap, and more believed that if he were sent he would not have the ghost of a chance against such a celebrated three-mile horse as Tar ragon. The event proved, however, that the colt had foot enough for the old horse, and could go all the distance. Tarragon could not onoe get to the front after the first quarter of a mile, although he repeatedly tried to get there during the race. Mr. A. Thompson was warmly congra tulated on his success in pulling off the Queen's Plate ; and he may well feel proud of his colt, who has won the Maiden Plate, the Rous Handicap, and the most ooveted prize of all— the Queen's guineas— without the application of whip or spur. Cossack is a fine chesnut colt, by Sir Hercules, out of Topsy, and was bred by Mr. John Lee, of Bylong, near Bathurst In noticing Cossack's victory, however, we must not omit to give due credit to his jockey, Keliey, who rode with a skill and judgment which pro mises well for the future. The Nursery Handicap was booked for Fishhook, on whom many enthusiastic ad mirers did not hesitate to lay odds; but here Mam the ' pot boiled over,' and the prize went to Mr. Tait'e colt, The Barb, who was never asked to race. Mr. Taitwas warmly congratulated by his friends on the success of his colt in defeating the redoubtable Fishhook, — for a finer colt never sported silk at Randwick. The final event of the meeting was the- Forced Handicap, which brought a field of thirteen to the post. Yattendon, backed at even money against the field to win it, and up to the last few strides it appeared a certainty for him, but in a desperate rash at the finish young Stanley carried the yellow jacket ana black cap, upon Warwick, to the fronij and wae bailed the winner. With this much by way of preliminary, we append a more minute account of the transactions of the day. First Race.— The Rous Handicap of 10 sovereigns each for acceptors, h. ft., with 100 sovereigns added, for 3 years; 1} mile and 240 yards. Entrance, 5 sovereigns. 9 tube. Mr, A. Thomson's ch. c. Cossack, 3 years, 8 st. 2 lbs. (J.Kane) ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 A. Loder*E br. h. The Pitsford, 3 years, 9 St. (Ashworth) ... 2 W. Hangar's b. h. Pyramus, 3 years, 7 st. 8 lbs. (Edwardsj 3 Vf. C. Yuill's b. c. Day and Martin (late Charles Albert), 3 years, 7 St. 9 lbs. Betting : Even money on The Pitsford, 5 to 4 against Cossack, 3 to 1 each against Pyramus, and Day and Martin. Day and Martin got the best of it at the start, and he led poet the stand, with Pyramus second, Cossack third, and The PitEford last. No alteration of position occurred nntil they reached the back of the course, when Pyramus went up to Day and Martin, collared, end passed him. Cossack and The Pitsford also closed up, and before they reached the Derby Corner the four were all in a heap to gether. 'When entering the straight running Pyramus and Cossack were racing stride for stride together, with the other pair close in the rear ; but at the distance- poet Cos sack snook Mr. Dangar's horse off and ran home an easy winner by several lengths; The Piteferd, in the last few strides; defeating Pyramus for second place. Day and Martin was a bad fourth. Time, 2 minutes 38| seconds. Second Race.— The Randwick Handicap of 10 sove reigns each for acceptors, h. ft., with 100 sovereigns added ; for all horses ; 1J mile. Second horse to receive 2® sove reigns from the prize, A winner of any handicap after the declaration of weights to cany 6 lbs. extra ; the winner of the Sydney Cap 4 lbs., of the City Handicap 3 lbs., of both € lbs. additional. Entrance, 6 sovereigns. 13 snbe. Mr. T. Ivory's ch. m. Sultana, 4 years, 8 si. 5 lbs. (J. Kane) ... 1 G. Lee's gr. f. Sappho, 3 years, 6 et. 8 lbs. (George) ... 2 C. Bather's ch. g. Potentate, aged, 8 st. 6 lbs (Ramsay) ... S Cbaafe ns. ch. h. Dundee, 4 years, 6 et. 7 lbs. J. Tait'svfee: Fidconyd years, 8 et. 7 lbs. P. Andrews's ch. g. Orphan, by Sir Charles, 4 years, 7 6t, 4 lbs. J. Seath's b. g. Bracelet, 6 years, 7 et. 9 lbs. Betting : 2 to 1 against Sultana, 5 to 2 against Falcon, 3 to 1 against Dundee and Bracelet, 6 to 1 each against Sappho and Potentate. Alter several attempts, and one break away, the lot got off upon tolerably equal terms, Dundee leading. Bracelet second, Sultana third, and Falcon fourth. This order was maintained rennd to the rocks turn, when Falcon went np and passed Sultana, nnfi almost immediately after Bracelet passed Dundee and took np the running. The four however were very close together, and before reach ing the Derby comer Snltana had gone up past Falcon and Dundee and wae racing with Bracelet. As they came in between the rails Sappho emerged from the ruck, ran past her . horse 6, and essayed to reach .Sultana, who before reaching the distance post had disposed of Bracelet; but the effort wae fruitless, and Mr. Ivory's little mare kept in front to the finish, Mr, Lee'8 filly running agood second, and Potentate a bad third. Time, 2 minntes 17] seconds. Third Race. — The Queen'e Plate, of 200 sovereigns; for all horses ; 3 miles ; 2 years, a feather ; 3 years, 7st. 21bs. ; 4 years, 9et. 21bs. ; 6 years, 10st- ; 6 years and aged, lOst. 4)be. Mares and geldings allowed 3Ibs. Entrance, 5 sovereigns, to go to the seqond horse. 7 snbe. Mr, A. Thomson's ch. c. Cossack, 3 years, 7st. 21bs. (Colley) 1 W. Town's b.'h. Tarragon, aged, lost. 41bs., (Higgerson) 2 Thomas Bnllivan's b. h. Canobie, aged, lost. lib. (Higgin bottom) ... ... ... ... ... ... 3 Betting : 2 to 1 on Tarragon, 3 to 1 each against Cossack and Canobie, At the fell of the flag Canobie went to the front, the old horee being seoond, send tbeoolt third. The latter, how ever, after entering the Btraight running, passed Tarragon and Canobie and went to the front. In passing tire etand after the first half- mile, which was very elow, the colt was leading, Canobie was three lengths behind him, and Tarragon fonr lengths behind Canobie. Shortly after passing the recks Tan-agon and Canobie dosed np, and in passing the two utile post the three were close together, Cossack still having a slight lead. Canobie now began to find the pace too good fer him. and had therefore to be oontent with the third place, while Cossack and Tarragon went on at a spanking pace, a length only separating them. As they approached the Derby corner, Tarragon made an effort to get np alongside the colt, bnt no sooner did he get np to Cossack's flanks than the latter shook him off Main. All up the straight running end past the stand Cossack still led by a length, while Canobie was felling considerably to the rear. . Post the Hocks tnm, round the Denison oomer, arid along the back stretch the pair raced at a terrific pace, Tarragon being unable to collar tire colt although doing his very beet: So they oame on into tire straight running, when Higgerson pulled: out his whip, and plied it vigorously, but all . was of no. - avail, : and the -colt, amid thunders of applause from the people ou the stand, end those whe lined the . rails, came up the course two lengths in Advance of the 'old champion, and pulled off tire guineas, untouched by whip or spur. Tarragon's defeat was a severe blow to hie party, who' regarded the race as a certainty for him. Cossack and his jockey (Colley whose riding was the admiration of nil who witnessed it) were -loudly cheered es they entered the enclosure: in front of the etand, and again as the boy left the yard after weighing. Time, 6 minutes 64 second). . Fourth Race.— The Nursery Handicap of 10 sovereigns ' each fer aooeptora; h. ft. ; ' 100 sovereigns added; for, 2 years : { mile.' The winner of any raoe after declaration or weights to cany 7 'be. extra. Entrance, 6 sovereigns, lleube. Mr.'J. Tail's br. c. The Barb, 7st. 12Ibs. (Marflncer).,. ... 1. I H.jpltber'e b. c. Fishhook, 8 st. 12 lb. (D. O'Brien) ... 2 ' J. Lee's ch. h. Bylbufcr-, 6 st. 7 lbs. (W. George) ... ... 3 Fisher's b. c.-Budelight, 8 et. 8 lbs. Cobcroffts b. i. Miss Corah us, 6 et. 0 Ibs, A. Bowman's gr. 1. Norma, 6 et. 2 lbs. Betting: even money on Fishhook, 3 to 1 each against the' Barb and Bndelight, and a longer price , about the remainder, * The.Barb jumped off with the lead, closely followed by Bndelight and Fishhook. As they approached the Derby comer, the Barb increased hie lead, but when within tire rails both the Victorian colts had closed up, and it was con fidently expected that Fishhook would win it in a canter. The Barb, however, had too much foot for both of them, end he. increased his lead to several lengths before reaching the post. Bylong came with a rush at the finish,, and defeated Bndelight for third place. Time, 1 minute 19 seconds. A private match between two hacks, Camden and Dora, the former ridden by Ashworth and the latter by Harknese, now came eff, and was won by Camden. Fifth Race.— The Forced Handicap of 6 sovereigns each (30 sovereigns added), for all winners — those of Hurry Scnny and two yeara noes excepted — for which and all beaten horses entrance optional, but acceptance obligatoiy. 1 j mile. The winner to pay 6 guineas to the club. The following handicap was issued : — Yattendon, 9 st. 6 lbs, ; Warwick, 8 st, 2 lbs.; Forester, 8 st. 2 lbs, ; Sultana, 8 et. I lb. ; Cossack, 7 st. 12 lbs. ; Union Jack, 7 et. 16 lbs. ; Potentate, 7 et. 7 lbs. ; Falcon, 7 st. 6 lbs. ; Dundee, 7. at. 3 lbs. ; Rarey, 7 St. 2 lbs. ; Bracelet, 7 et. ;. Tim Whiffler, 6 St. 12 lbs. ; Praxiteles, 6 st. 7 lbs. ; Cock a-Hoop, 6 st. 7 lbs. ; Lady Wildare, 6 st Dundee and Cossack were scratched. The following is the result of the race: — Mr. Tait'e Warwick, 8 st. 2 lbe. (Stanley) ... ... ... 1 Merry1 br. b. Yattendon, 9 et 6 lbe. (Holmes) ... ... 2 Ivory's ch. m. Sultana, Set. 1 lb. (J. Kane) ... ... 8 Betting: 6 to 4 against Yattendon, 2 to 1 against Sul tana, ana 6 to 1 sgiunst any thing else in the race. Union Jack jumped off with the lead, with Sultana second, tire remainder being all in a heap behind. In passing the Rocks turn, Yattendon, who had been lying m the middle pnt on the steam, improved his position at every stride, and at the Derby comer wae leading, with Dnndee and Snltana close upon his -flanks, and the ruck, including Union Jack, who had -fallen back, immediately in* the rear. As they entered the rails Warwick came out of the ruck, passed Sultana and Dundee, and raced ap the course with Yattendon, defeating him at the post by half a length. Sultana was four or five lengths behind, and the others were very much scattered. Time, 2 minutes 17 seconds. , This was the last event upon the card, and as dnsk was coming on, the crowd upon the course made a sudden re treat homewards. 