ORIGINAL AMAThUK CHRISTY -MINSTREL'S ENTERTAINMENT. TO THE EDITORi Sir — In j 133-3 are rsrefcom modities, but when we do get them we take care to read them. Among the last lot received were some issues of 'the Hurtyip, s.T»d upon opening one for perusal the first thing which caught my eye was a letter 'signed ' Donizetti's Ghost.' Now, sir, I declare to you and to your numerous readers that 1 did not write these letters. Now, had I anything 1 to do With the composition of any of them, any person who is acquainted with my style would at onae say *' Donizetti was never valgar.' This ghost that has oi late been deluding the public attempts in his letter to criticise a musical entertainment in such a gross a id vulgar style that my few remaining hairs rose On end at the bare idea of my honored n ime being subscribed to these effusions. In order therefore that my memory should not become tarnished I made hp my mind to visit te --res- trial spheres and attend a pe formaiue of music, and ask yon to insert my impressions of the same. I selected the entertainment ef the Original Amateur Christys, as I wanted to ascertain if music was progressing in South Australia. Punctually at 8 o'cldck I was al White's Rooms Ttie attendance was not. large. Tha first piece performed was a chorus from *V eber, ' 1 he stars burn In heaven so brightly.' which was snug far better than I anticipated. The instruments, however, Were out of time, particularly the first violin, although from 'the manner of the person who played it he thought be was doing all the chorus himself. ' Let aie kiss him for his mother,' was then sung bv Mr. Vernon very creditably. The ?* Hen Convention' was next perpetrated by Mi*. Jeff Horton. This gentleman has a most disagreeable ^oice, and I was suffering intense agjny until he was done.. This kind Of music and voice was not enacted when I was alive. ' ' Farewell, the dream of love is o'er,' I liked much. It is one of the prettiest ballads I have ever heard, Squai in some parts to my own music. Mr. F. Mortimer sang it wi-h true feeling and pathos, so much so that several parties of the female persuasion were detected j ' piping their eyeS.' ' The gal wid the blue j dress on,' may or may not be a good s^ng. I can't tell, as Mr. H. Harcoart forgot all the wo— ds; and the chorus was the only part sung. 'Silver moonlight winds are blowing' I fuly expected to be good from the words, and I was not disappointed. If Mr. Peaxce could otiiv infuse a little mdre Confidence into his singing he would succeed much better. 'The Lan kuin Gunboat' followed. ^This is a vile com position, and was thoroughly detestable tame, as it must be to -11 lovers of good music. The Words are trash, and the air a perfect jingle from beginning to end, and to make matters worse Mtv Jeff Horton sang it. I almost regretted I had come. v ' Ed ifeene'' was the next piece, and it was difficult to say when Mr. L Horton commence 1 singing and when he left off. He hid no con fidence, and he looked so utterly wretched and nervous that I again wished I had h it comKe. ' The Black Brigade' came next, which al though not a song to my refined taste was effectively sung by Mr. H. Harcourt and chorus, and Was redeuianded. . Jhe first part of the programme was brought to a close by the company singing the 'Masquerade Waitz,* and it is enough to say that it was very lamely srtng, and a bad finish^ so much so that- it nearly finished me. i adjourned to the Shades (a most appropriate place of meeting for ghosts), and refreshed myself with some 'spirits,' which is also a good drink for ghosts. The second part commenced with ' Mynheer Van Dunk,' sang by six of tbe company, and was spoiled by most of the executants trying how fast they eould sing. I hope the O. A. Christys will pay more attention to time, it being one Of the grand secrets of milsical effect. ' Bonnie Jean' was then Sung by Mr. F. Mortimer, and tc my mind it was the best piece of the evening. This gentleman teas a fine tenor Voice, and I hope he will take good care of it.. ' The Starboard Watch' was then sung by Messrs. Mortimer and I-. Horton, and it was well sung, although Mrs L. Horton wa^ selfish enough to keep the sheet of music a'l to. himself. The next morcean Was the song, ' Let me like a Soldier fall,' and it was de claimed by Mr. Vernon with energy and fire ; it was encored, ho thanks to the pianist who piayed the accompaniment. B« struck chords on the piano which were not inserted when £ was in the flesh. ... A concertina solo by Mr. Burnett was rede- - inanded ; he pUya the instriiuieiit very well indeed , The duet, 'Army and Navy,4* came next, and was .sung by Messrs. 'Verr.on and L. Horton.. It is. a good piece of music, and it was loudly applauded. Ttie second part was ? brought to a close by the company singing the ' Soldier's t'horus from ' Faust.'® This was the best piece of Concerted music on the pro gramme, 'jOid the company deserve credit fof the manner iu which they sang it. I overheard a stout old gentleman near me say, ' Capital Entertainment this; Clever young then. 1 eonie again.' I must in honesty confess I was agreeably disappointed with the performance, with the exception of one Or two pieces, everything was a siiceess, and 1 think the-O. A. Christys Ought to be patronised to a greater extent than they appear to be. If I was ndt gtShe to 'that *' bourne from whence no traveller returns,' I would write ah Opera for therii, but like Edgardo in my beau tiftil op^ra of Ldei di Lammermoor,' my master form is slumbering in decay, so it Can t bb done. I hope I have not obtruded upon your space too Largely. Methinks I sceait the morning air, so l *ill Close, trusting you. will for the future be able to tell the r6al from the spimous. DONIZ&TTFS; GHOST. P-S. — I trust you and yonr readers will not believe that brimstone is an indi^Minsable luxury ia ffiides J there is no such thing there* ? ? . ?- -tl- ' -? ' 