THE PARIS EXHIBITION OF 1867. According to some affecting revelations made last Saturday at Government House, our little colony never 'felt so small' as in the person of Mr. JohnT. Bagot at the Dublin Exhibition, lnat was certainly a contrast to what it felt in the person of Mr. Francis Stacker Dutton at the London Exhibition of 1862\. Perhaps we got surfeited with glory in the metropolis; the flattering attention of the Prince of Prussia may have drawn our ejes eastward away from Dublin Bay; or perchance our triumphs in soap and silk dressed flour were so complete that we deemed further competition uselesB — too condescending, in fact, toward the fari naceous inferiority of the old world. But whatever the cause, the fact is certain that South Australia was ' nowhere' in the Dublin Exhibition, and Mr. John T. Bigot had to undergo some very painful mi croscopic eensatious in consequence. This is much to be regretted, not only for Mr. Bagot's sake, but for ours, and our worthy Governor's, whose national pride, unobtrusive as it is, must have suffered considerably from the omission. As far as the colony is concerned there can be little doubt that its reputation would have benefited by proper representation in Dublin — benefited even more than in the metropolis iteelf. In the Noah's Ark at Brompton, the colonies— though among the most creditable exhibitor?, considering their age, development, and population— were in reality almost smothered under the pro digality of wealth displayed by their elder rivals. It was for them hardly a fair competition ; and taken as an advertising medium the part they played in it was not unlike that of the ' House To Let' or the ' Situation Wanted' in the thirtieth column of the Times.' Their surroundings were too much for them. At smaller Exhibitions, like those in Dublin and Manchester, they have a far better chance of adequate appreciation. The Cockney doctrine is that there is but one city worth seeing in the world, and Bow Bells is its centre. He knows nothing of any foreign country except through panoramic views at the Polytechnic or the Colosseum, given alternately with ' Pepper's Ghost' or ' Any Other Man.' As for the colonies he has ' heerd' that they produce gold in nuggets, and that Eunt and Roskell make it all up into brooches for the nobility. In his own wide circle he eees such a variety of things every day that he comes to regard them as the sum of the universe, beyond which there can be nothing worth the trouble of seeing or thinking about. Provincials visiting London fall, for a time, under the influence of the same idea. The vastness of the metropolis over powers them, and they have not a thought for the outer world of which London is but a microcosm. No foreign nation of less im portance than France or America can obtain a patronising glance from them. The colonies they know only bb places beyond sea— a know ledge in which Australia, Pitcairn Island, and the Bock of Gibraltar figure side by side. This vexatious self-satisfied stolidity affects all classes of Londoners ; even the journalists who ought to counteract the evil are deeply in fected with it. Fifty years ago John Bull showed hU national prejudice in the belief that Frenchmen lived solely on frogs. Now he has abandoned that, and adopted in its stead a colonial pre judice, which gives the Australians credit for growing nothing but wool and eating nothing but damper. This Cockney element, which neutralized much of the good the London Exhibition of 1862 might have done for the colonies, is absent in such a place as Dublin. The Irish capital is not so exclusively taken up with 'admirin' of herself' aB to overlook her visitors. She is gifted with a refined taste in matters of art, and her society as a whole is one whose good opinion would be worth some thing. Her Exhibition was a great success ; while the Brompton one, if not exactly a failure, was not found to deserve a very fluttering epitaph. The colonies which exhibited at Dublin wera well appreciated, and obtained a reasonable proportion of prizes at the hands of much stricter Judges than those of 1862. The result was such as to encourage future appeals to these Industrial Areopagi. The next will be made at Paris in 1867, and, judging from the temper of the gentlemen who met at Government House on Saturday, South Australia is not likely to be left 'nowhere' again. It will be seen from our report that a General Committee haa been form ed , a nd has divided itself in to work ing Committees ; that the plans have been dis cussed and arranged for putting in immediate operation; that everybody is enthusiastic and unanimous, everything hopeful and encouraging. In short, the good example of 1862 is to be imitated, with this difference that the expenditure is to be even more liberal, and the researches of the Sab- Committees to be even more extensive. Judging from the preparations bei ?g made in Paris for the accommodation of exhibitors, it is certain that no trouble they can take will be thrown away. The building, or rather the improvised town, in which the Exhibition is to take place ha* already had over three years' labour spent upon it, and to that a year and a half more will be added ere it is finished. The Commissioners, acting under the immediate superintendence -of the Emperor, have dis played all the energy and tact of a French man's nature when in pursuit of a novel idea. The Exhibition, instead of being compressed under one roof, and hemmed in by quarter miles of dead gaol wall, as waa the case 'with the Brompton Boilers, will be spread over an open park, to which by mean* of planting »nd artificial ornamentation the appearance of an international fete will be given, and not merely of a vast shop-window display. The ruling principle with the Commissioners seems to be to place everything as nearly as possible in accordance with its original circumstances^ Agricultural implements will be ranged around an improvised homestead, and opportunity given to show their natural action. Minerals will be accompanied by models showing the geological formation of the country from which they have been obtained. Furniture will be set out in real salons to enable Madame to appreciate the effect they would have in real life. Besides improvements in arrangement there will also be some additional sections The idea initiated in 1S62 of measuring the educational progress of the world by a display of schoolbooks, methods and objects of instruction &c.;, will be developed io as to illustrate also the progress of literature and pure science. This in teresting result is to be attained by a series of reports, three in number— the first on the mathematical, physical, and natural sciences ; the second on the moral and political sciences ; and the third on literature. M. Duruy, the Minister of Public Instruction, announces that he has already secured the assistance of emi nent men for carrying out his plans, so that the Exhibition of 1867 is likely to be a land mark in the mental as well as in the material history of mankind. Until the citcular of the French Commis sioners has in some form been made public it will be impossible to enter further into details. We may observe, however, that through the courtesy of Mr. Deering, Clerk to the General Committee, we have obtained a hasty glance at the above document, which enables us to give the following as the classification of exhibits that has been adopted : — Each country is to have a section to iteelf, divided into ten groups (in honour, we suppose, of the decimal system), and these again into ninety- five clasees. The list of groups is made up First, of works of art ; second, apparatus and appliances of the liberal arts ; third, furni ture; fourth, clothing; fifth, products, raw and manufactured; Bixth, instruments; Beventh, food, fresh and preserved; eighth, live products ; nintb, models of agricultural and other establishments; tenth, objects for improving the moral and physical condition of the people. All exhibits are to ba admitted under bond at the principal ports of the king dom, and every assistance will be rendered to exhibitors at the close of the Exhibition in the disposal of their good?. The Troops in New Zealand.— The Govern ment have received an official notice from the kome authorities to the effect that General Chute has been instructed to return the troops who were drawn from the various Australian Colonies for service in New Zealand. Esglish Mail Branch Sebvice.— One tender for the conveyance of the English mails between Adelaide and King George's Sound for two years, commencing with the April homeward mail, was received by the Postmaster-General on the 12th instant. The tender was that of the Australian Steam Navigation Company, which has hitherto so satisfactorily performed the work. The amount is £945 per month. SECBETAEY TO THE ATTORNET-GENEKAri.— We understand that at a Cabinet Council, held on Monday afternoon, Mr. W. T. Sheppard, of thc Insolvency Court, was appointed as Secretary to the Atttoraey-General,lin succession to the late Mr. Quick. Mb. K. R. Toreens.— Mr. Torrens writing from London on December 23, to a friend in Adelaide says:— 'Very favourable opinions continue to be expressed by my legal advisers and by Parlia mentary men as to the result of my petition to be seated as M.P. for Cambridge, but the result will not be known before March. I spend Christmas in Dublin, when a general meeting of the Irish Titles Registration Society— Duke of Lemster in the chair— will be held early in January. Our object is to bring in a Bill amending the ' Irish Titles Registration Act' of last session, principally as regards the scale of fees, which has been made so enormously high as to constitute a prohibition to proprietors desiring to avail themselves of my system. I am glad to see that what used to be pronounced 'a ridiculously low scale of fees' is yielding a handsome surplus revenue in South Australia. The cold of this climate 1 find much more suitable to my constitution than the heat of South Australia.' The Late Bains.— a correspondent informs U3 that the late rains which fell in the North and on the Eastern Plains have not favoured the Murray District. On the North-West Bend Run even the horses are succumbing to the utter absence of feed, and the present state of affairs is described as most pitiable. The Murray District north of Wellington seems to be subject to droughts even more than the North, and the settlers are iieacnuKu as uaviug giveu up au mea ui saving me remnant of their flocks. Rain at Streaky Bay.— Our own correspondent writes:— 'On the 24th January we had one of the finest rains that has fallen during the past year. It commenced about noon on that day, and con tinued without intermission till 6 p.m., and at intervals till 9 a.m. on the 26th. Since then we have had the usual summer weather.' Bush Fire at Cape Jervis.— On Tuesday, the 6th. a bush fire commenced in the scrub to the south of the Blowhole Creek, which quickly swept across to Mr. J. W. Bull's purchased land, burning the outside sheep-proof fence, as well as* sub dividing paddock fences and sheep-yards, also the feed on upwards of 1,000 acres reserved for an early lambing. The buildings on the home station escaped, and the two flocks of sheep, excepting a few which are missing, it is feared are de* stroyed. The loss to Mr. Bull is very heavy, as seven miles of 'the fence have been put up this season, and material prepared to complete the boundary fence is also destroyed. The fire ex tended into Campbell's Gully and the neighbour hood of the Talisker Mine. Fatal Accident at Claee. — !Another fatal accident occurred at Clare, between 3 and 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. A man named Andrew Walsh, a gingerbeer manufacturer in Clare, was crossing the Hutt Creek, at the outskirts of the township, when the tandem in which he was riding came in collision with a German wagon, and was capsized, throwing its occupant with great violence to the ground. He was picked up insensible, and every attention was bestowed upon him, but without avail, as be died in the evening without having recovered consciousness. FATAL ACCIDENT AT TRURO — A fatal accident happened at Truro on Friday last, the 9th, to Terence Smith, a farmer living near Mount Despond. He had been drinking hard that afternoon, and when riding at a furious rate he fell off his horse near the township. He was carried into Truro, where he died next morning. An inquest was held on Saturday afternoon, and a verdict returned of "Died from injuries received by a fall off his horse whilst under the influence of drink." This case shows again how badly the Township of Truro is a want of a police-trooper. CORONER'S INQUEST. — Dr. Ward, J.P., as Acting Coroner, held an inquest at the Hospital on Monday morning on the body of Frederick Friar, who died on Saturday evening from the effects of injuries he received on the 26th January from being run over by a car. After a lengthened investigation, the inquest was adjourned to procure the attendance of several important witnesses. It will be resumed this morning at the Exeter Hotel, Rundle-street, at half-past 10 o'clock. Accident.— On Saturday last about midday, as Mr. Lovel, a traveller for Messrs. Church & Co., was proceeding in a four-wheeled buggy down a hill near Beynella, he met three loaded drays coming in an opposite direction. There not being sufficient room to pass between the drays and the posts which are erected on the side of the road to protect the watertables, the buggy got into col lision with one of the drays and was smashed. Its occupant was thrown out on his head, but escaped injury, through having a belltopper on, although one of his arms was severely contused. We under stand the ratepayers of Morphett Yale are about petitioning the Chairman of the District Council to request the Central £oad Board to remove the posts spoken of. Moonta Mining Compant.— A special meeting of the shareholders of the above Association was held at the Company's office. King William-rtreet, on Monday, for the purpose of filling the vacancy in the directorship created by the resignation *f Mr. G. M. Waterhouse, who intends shortly to proceed to England, ilr. P. D. Prankerd was proposed and elected without opposition. Wheat fsom Eobe Towx.— Mr. J. G. O'Keefie has sent U3 a sample of really excellent wheat, grown from undressed seed, 12 miles south- east of Robe Town. He states that an opinion has been prevalent that good wheat could not be grown in that neighbourhood, and he thinks that this may dispel the allusion. The sample mar be seen at our office. Supreme Cout.t.— The Full Court will ait this morning at 19 o'clock, and deliver judgment in several cases, immediately after which the Criminal Sittings will be opened by Mr. Justice G wynne. About 20 cases are entered for trial, three or four of which are of a very serious character. Fbeeman-strket Young Men's Society.— The opening soiree of the above Society will be held thia evening in the schoolroom adjoining Freeman street Chapel The programme, which appears in our advertising columns, indicates that the Society are going to exert their best energies to gratify the public. Several instrumental and vocal musicians have been engaged, a lecture is to be delivered by the Rev. James Jefferis, and recitations will be given by the members of the Association. Lost and Found.— A correspondent writes :— ' A few days since a lady on a visit at Glenelg lost her purse containing £79. It was picked up by a poor lad and restored to its owner, who, in the fulness of her gratitude for its safe return, pie sented him with a shilling; no doubt believing that ' honesty is its own reward.' ' The Mail Service.— A^correspondent suggests some steps be initiated to facilitate the delivery of the contents of the boxes, the transport of which from King George's Sound is so eagerly paid a high price for. On Monday, the steamer's lights were seen from the [stations at the Semaphore at a quarter-past 12, she landed a part of the mail at Glenelg, and was anchored off the Pilot Station at a quarter-past 3, yet no attempt was made to land a single box, and though the remaining portion of the mail might easily have been in town at 5, it was not at the Port till considerably after 8. Swimming Matches at the Baths.— On Satur day afternoon several swimming matches took place at the City Baths. That which created the greatest interest was the match for the Champion ship between R. Norman and S. Murray, the winner of the Youths' Champion Cup last year. There were about 500 persons present. Messrs. P. £. Hoare and J. K. Penney were appointed Judges, in the room of Mr. E. W. Andrews, who was unavoidably absent; and Mr. T. Bastard acted as starter. The conditions were four times up and down. A good start was effected, and both competitors swam neck and neck until half the allotted distance had been performed. At the commencement of the third turn going up, as Norman sprang away from the side, he accidentally threw himself on Murray. The Judges called out 'afoul,' and accordingly both came out of the water. Another match was proceeded with, at the termination of which the contest for the Cham pionship was renewed. The Judges on thu Occasion were Messrs. A. L. Gordon, M.P., and J. Harvey, of Salisbury. The start was again good, and a very exciting race ensued. For some time the result seemed doubtful. However, at the beginning of the third turn, Norman showed himself the stronger swimmer. He gradually in creased the distance between himself and Murray, and ultimately landed amid the cheers of the ad miring spectators a winner by about three yards. According to the conditions which the Club have attached to tins particular prize .Norman will have for the space of one year to hold himself in readi ness to accept any challenge that may be offered; the power to challenge him being limited to youths under 18 years of age. The next match was between Masters J. Foale and T. Wright Terms, three times up and down ; the winner to receive £1. It was apparent from the first what the result would be. Foal was much the better swimmer, his strokes being excellent. He came in an easy winner. The remaining match was between Messrs. C. Baines and Morris Dos well; and it excited a considerable amount of speculation, both competitors being known to be excellent swimmers. The conditions were twice up and down. From the start to the finish the race was most exciting. DosweU managed to win by about half a head. JBoots for the Million.— By the English mail the Government have received a letter from a London firm, offering upon ' most reasonable terms' 16,500 blucher boots, 10.000 pegged boots, and 10,000 welted boots. It is stated that these jjoous were preparea lorineuonieaerate army, and the contractors suggest that they might perhaps be suitable for the South Australian militia or police. Insolvency Court.— At the Insolvency Court, on Monday, February 12, His Honor awarded J. F. Ragless a second-class certificate, suspended for six months. There were two first hearings, but nothing was done in either case Adelaide Police Court.— On Monday the only cases before the Court were two of inebriety. A male defendant was subjected to the lowest penalty, and a female who had been locked up for several hours was dismissed with a caution. Police Court, Port Adelaide.— At this Couit on Monday Mary Ann Preston was charged with stealing a watch and appendages, the property cf Garrett McElliater, from the Railway Hotel. The prosecutor was a lodger at the house, and on Saturday the prisoner also went to the house for a bed, and whilst there contrived to steal the articles from the prosecator's room. On the loss being discovered a search was made, and the articles in question were found in the prisoner's possession. She was committed for trial at the ensuing sittings of the Supreme Court. Several runaway seamen and disorderlies were also dealt with. The Mayor of Port Adelaide.— Mr. J. W. Smith has so far recovered from the effects of his recent accident that he was enabled to take his seat at the Marine Board on Monday. Adelaide Marine and Fire Insurance Company.— The general half- yearly meeting of this Company took place at the offices in Grenfell streeton Monday, February 12, for the purpose of receiving the Directors' report and balance-sheet. About 16 shareholders were present; and Mr. Thomas Graves (Chairman) presided. On the motion of Mr. Kay, the accounts appended to the printed report was adopted. The Chairman said regarding the balance-sheet, that all the share', holders would agree that it was tolerably satisfac tory. In consequence of the great competition that existed they had reduced their rates to some extent, and he was sorry to say the low rates still prevailed, but that, notwithstanding this, a good balance was presented for the last half-year. With reference to the large amount of money still on hand at Bank interest, he stated that they were about to lend upwards of £5,000, and that another oan of £10.000 was now under consideration. The report was then adopted. From the state ment showing the receipts and expenditure for the half-year ended January 1. 1866. it anncirpil tnat including a lormer balance of £456 0s. 8d. the receipts were £14,957 17s. 9d. ; expenditure, £10,221 Bs.8d. ; cash balance and sundry debtors, £2,736' 17s. Id. The total assets were £43,072 17s. 7d.; liabilities, including capital stock, £&S;,150; reserve fund, £2,846 9s. 9d. ; and sundry creditors, £70 14s. 2d.-£36,0b7 3s. lid. leaving a total profit of £7,005 13s. 8d. The report says ' that the total premiums received in the marine department during this period amount to £8,303 12s. 2J. against £7,500 §3. lOd. received last half-year, showing an increase of about £800; while the losses have been £2,457 Ss. 8d. in that time; and in the fire department the premiums have reached the sum of £1,762 2s. 9d. against £745 7s. Id., showing an increase of more than £1,000, against which are losses amount ing to £70, the whole resulting in a total profit of £7,005 13s. 8d., which your Directors would recom mend to be apportioned as follows:— Amount to be carried to reserve fund, £L751 8s. 5d.; amount to be written off the purchase of Adelaide Lloyds', £2,065 14s. 9d. ; amount to be written off office fur niture. £1 0s. 6d.: dividend of 2s. 6d. per share, £3,187 10s .-total, £7,005 13s. 8cL ' The Chairman, in reply to the Hon. A. Blyth, stated that it would be announced in the papers of the following day when the dividend would be payable— doubtless as early as possible. Some discussion then ensued on a question raised by Mr. W. Kay as to the advisability of making thd meetings annual instead of half- yearly, as it was considered that six months was not sufficiently long for the taking .of a fair average of the Com pany's transactions. The Chairman agreed with Mr. Kay that it might be advantageous in some respects, and stated that if the matter was left in the hands of the Directors, as suggested by the Hon. A. Blyth, they would consult the Company's solicitor, and take the necessary steps to see how far the proposal could be earned out. Votes of thanks to the Directors and the Chairman termi nated the business of the meeting. The Kapunda Mine.— The following is from the Mining Journal:—' At the Kapunda Mining Company (Special) meeting on Wednesday (Mr. C. S. Bagot in the chair), convened for the purpose of submitting a resolution to authorize the Directors to carry out a conditional agreement entered into between them and Messrs. W. Henderson, C. Tennant, D. Law, M. E. Robinow, A. S. Schaw and A. McEwen, for granting a lease to them of all the lands belonging to the Company, including all ores, mines, metals, and minerals contained in the same, and all the buildings, works, and ma chinery, for 99 years, from November 1, 1866. upon the terms mentioned in that agreement, it was stated that the rent or royalty to be paid to the Company was l-18th of the refined copper pro duced from the property, with a minimum gua rantee under thi* head of £4,000 per annum. The lessees are to have the option (to be exercised within the first five years) of purchasing, the pro perty for the sum of £102,000. Mr. Henderson (one of the lessees) was the patentee of a process for reducing ores, already in extensive operation in England and Scotland. The proposals on his part and his friends were grounded upon a report fur nished to them, after a survey of the Company's property, by a well-known mine agent, Captain Tregoning, employed by them last year in South Australia. The Chairman, replying to questions, stated that the lessees proposed to expend £20,000 in the erection of smelting-works, which was con sidered a sufficient guarantee to the Company. A shareholder thought the lessees should be bound to expend £10,00}. and enquired if counsel's opinion had been taken as to the legal right of the Company to lease their property. The Chairman replied in the negative. An opinion was expressed that the agreement was insufficient to protect the Company. The Chairman said that it was the best that could be done under the circumstances. After some discussion, the sense of the share holders present was taken by a show of hands, when there appeared 19 in favour and 12 against the resolution. The Chairman, however, declared the resolution carried, upon the ground that the Board had had submitted to them a larger number of proxies.' ' ? Pabis Universal Exhibition. 1867.— We are indebted to Mr. Deering for the following revised list of Sub-Committees and Ofnce-Bearers:— 1. Agricultural — Hon. W. Daffield (Convener), Messrs. W. Everard, M.P.. A. B. Murrav, M.P., J. Riddoch, M.P. 2. Mineral— Hon. H. Ayers (Convener), Hon. Arthur Blyth, Hon. U. 8. Kingston, Hon. J. B. Neales. 3. Pastoral— Mr. R. B. Smith (ConvenerX Hon. John Baker, Mr. J. H. Browne, Hon. T. Elder, Mr. H. K. Hughes, Hon. T. Magarey. 4. Wine— Hon. J. Morphett (Convener), Mr. J. T. Bagot, Hon. S. Davenport, Mr. Joseph Gilbert, Mr. E. J. Peake. Mr. D. Randall, Mr. J. Souttar, Mr. F. Stanley (French Consul). 5. Manufactures -Mr. W. Townsend, M.P. (Convener). Mr. B. H. Babbaere, Mr. N. Blyth, Mr. J. Mellor, Mr. J. Peacock, Hon. T. Eeynolrls. 6. Miscellaneous— Hon. J. Hart (Convener), Hon. J. P. Boucaut, Mr. Vf. S. Douglas, Mr. R. D. Koss, Dr. Schomburgk, Mr. H. H. Turton. Office Bearers.— President- Sir D. Daly. Vice-Presjdents-Hon. H. Ayers (also Executive Commissioner), Hon. S. Daven port, Hon. J. Hart. Treasurer— Mr. S. Tomkuv son. Secretary— Mr. 8. Deering. 