MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A Sxeel Ship in a Ctolone.— It has been eaid with truth tbat one foot is worth many theories, and therefore it msy be interesting to know what was the behavior of a steel ship under trying circumstances, particularly as the homogeneous qualities of the steel plates used in shipbuilding have been called in question. 'Recently, the clipper ship Clytem nestra, Captain Stewart, belonging to MesBra. Jones, Palmer, & Co., arrived in the Mersey, with a huge cargo of jute, &c;, after weathering ibe disastrous Calcutta cyclone. She is a steel^built vessel, three eighth inoh plates, of 1,250 tons register, launched by Measr?. Jones, QuiggiiL. & Co., now the Liverpool Shipbuilding Company, in April, 1864, and next month left on her first voyage for Calcutta. At the time of tbe cyclone ehe was lying in the river at Calcutta, and encountered the full force of the etorm. The following brief jaecount of the horrioane is from the pen of the dbief mate;— 'The morning of October 6., 1861, commenced with strong winds and thick drizzling rain. 8 a.m., had gale and tremen dous squalls, with thick constant rain. From S a-m. until noon gate rapidly increasing and barometer falling fast, with very threatening appearance. 2 p.m., tremendous gale and moat terrific squalls, with thick rain and duinal appearance. The ships attached to the same moorings below as began to break adrift, with sails blown from the yards and top gallant masts gone. 3.30 p.m., hurricane at its height, blowing eo terrifically bard that it was im possible to stand on deck without holding on. At this time our inshore bower chain parted, our amils were all blown from the yards, and the topgallant mast went with the forelo.pmast.' When the bower chain parted we ewung out stem on to the gale, and held on for a few minutes, when in a tremendous bunt of wind our stern chain parted, and away we drove across fhe river, before wind and tide, at a frightful rate, smashing into several ships on oar way. Finally, we were brought to m standstill on the opposite side of the river, and became a target for the one-half of the ships in Calcutta. One wooden ship driving up strqek upon our starboard quarter, walking right through the upper part of our atom, and raising the poop deck. Three or four ehips were constantly pitching into, our main rigging, being all fast together, and smashing and tearing away at every thing thence forward. At 4,30 p.m., two iron ships and one woaden one drove right into us abaft the forerigging, carrying a.w«y chain plates and rail?. Qne of their bowsprits struck the foremast, and, with a fearful crash, the foremost fell over the port side, almost burying a emsUvesBel that was fast to us. The rigging of the foremast was totally gone. Some time before the mast went, it broke 'tween decks, tearing up the main-deck, and breaking two beams. 5.30 p.m., wind abating very fast, and barometer rising, with fine weather. Ship laying almost a helpless wreak.' Captain Stewart calculates thajt, at one lirne or other during Ihp cyclone, si least 30 vessels ran into (hem. The toughness of the plates was something astonishing. At one point abaft the forerigging tbe Clytemnestra was struck st the sheer streak with terrific force by an iron vessel, the Glen Roy, of over 1,000 tons burden. The only effect was a comparatively slight dent in one of the plates, and not the slightest approach to a fracture atom on. More forward, the continual hammering of several large vessels had beaten Hie bulwarks level with the. deck, vhioh led to the fall of the foremast, by the removal of its supports.. The nlates forming the bulwarks were, however, so tenacious that they were prized back to their original position, aod made to do duty again without the aid of tbe rivetter. In another part of tbe bulwarks a plate had been partially knocked out, e-nd, catching against the side of the other vessel, had been rolled up as perfectly as a sheet of paper could be. In the stern between the upps; deck and the poop, several plates had been driven in bj re peated blows from a heavy woodgn gh.ip ; but here the splendid quality ftf tha matal composing the plates wa$ admirably proved. They and the angles were twisted into a hundred fantastic forms, in some cases doubled and redoubled, but in no case was there a crack or fracture that indicated any brittieness in the. metal. Nbthwitkstanding all the hard, oaajee ahe received, the Clytemnestra 4$ nqt tnafee one drop, of water, and afterwards inade a voyage to. tbe Mauritius, back to (Calcutta, and thence home, with bo farther repairs to. her hull than the eliip'e carpenter was able to effect. This wonderful strength is in itself sufficient recommendation, but when, we find steel vessels possessing one-third greater carrying capacity and a considerably less draught of water, their advantages are eelf-apparent. If the Cly$etftn.esVft bad been an iron ship, her ^creWd draught of water would not havp permitted her to get into dock until to-day. She is now lying on the north aide of the Stanley Dock, and is well deserving of a visit. — Liverpool Albion. EXTBAOH»nJART Cbxke. — A. melancholy uiftjara.os of village depravity was disclosed e$ q trjai a lew days ago before the J^ssi^e Court or Strasbourgb. In a hamlet of th? fias Khin, called Ely wilier, there lives a poor day laborer named Peter Zimmerman. His family consists of a wife, who is epileptic, a daughter named Catherine, aged 26, and a second daughter named Margaret, 16 years old, who from, b^er. birth has been paralysed, half ^djotJB, flU(i anab'lo to walk. On June ^7 %immei-m*u and his wife went to work in the fields, and Catherine shortly afterwards told her sister that ebe was going to find them. Margaret remained at home, sitting helpless, as was her wont? upon a three-legged stooL Shortly, after h,er sjster had left her a spectral form, cjraped jq' trhite, entered the cottage, and, holding but a cup ordered her to drink tlie contents. Qn her refusal the ghost-like visitiir inserted its thumb iu her mouth and attempted to foroe it open. She bit the thumb eo sharply that the spectre threw down the cup and disappeared. The screams of Margaret brought neighbors to the house, aud they perceived a etrpAg odour of phosphorus. They interrogated her and learned her fearful story. White they were yet in the house, Catherine, the elder eister, returned, and it waa at once remarked that her thumb was wrapped up in a piece of rag. She said ehe had cut her thumb, but an inspection of the wound showed that it proceeded from a bite. When arrested aba con fessed that being tired of the worlr. whioh the help less state of her sister impose*! upon her, ehe bad pounded a quantity of ends of lucifer matches in milk, and had attempted to make her sister drink the mixture. The Jury, with that leniency which so often shocks consciences not French, found ^stj ^us. horrible crime, committed w^th ^r^aaonabjte disregard, of the ties of relqtjpnabfpi -jnd. the peculiar claims to merGj cf a cripple and an' idiot, waa entitled to the benetit of 'extenuating cii oumstanees,' and in con sequence Catherine was only sentenced to five years' impruonuent with hard labor. — Daily JBTews, 