NEW ZEALAND. EXECUTION OF THE MURDERERS OF THE REV. MR. VOLKNER, MR. FULLOON, AND THE CREW OF THE KATE. (From the New Zealand Herald.) On Thursday, May 17th, the aboriginal natives Mokomoko, Heremita, Hakaraia (mur derers of the Rev. Karl Sylvius Volkner), and Horomona (accessory), Mikaere Kirimanga (accessory), Kirimanga (principal), for the murder of Mr. Fulloon and the crew of the Kate, were hanged within the precincts of Mount Eden Stockade. "^ A few minutes after 7 o'clock, the Her. Dr. Maunaell arrired at the gaol, almost simul taneously with the Boman Catholic fathers i Macdonald and Novardo. The several clergy men proceeded at onoe to the condemned cells, where they remained with the prisoners in prayer until a quarter of an hour before the execution. At ten minutes to 8 o'clock, Messrs. Sootter struck the irons off the feet of Horo mona Propiti (Solomon the Prophet), and Mokomoko, who again retired to their cells and were engaged in prayer until the bell tolled. The scene which was presented at this time was more than usually solemn and impressive. The admission to the gaol yard was by ticket, and from 150 to 200 persons must hare been present. The demeanour of the spectators, whether without or within the precincts of the gaol, was in keeping with the reality of the scene that was being enacted. At 8 o'clock the prison bell tolled, when the sheriff, accompanied by the governor of the gaol, proceeded to the condemned cells and communicated to the clergymen in attendance upon the Protestant culprits, Horomona and Mokomoko, that the time had expired. The cell doors were at once opened, and his Excel lency's warrant was read over to the two pri soners. The executioner, enveloped in crape to the waist, took up his position behind each prisoner as ho emerged from his cell, and pro ceeded with alacrity to the work of pinioning. Horomona was the first to appear; his eyes were closed, and he uttered the responses in a voice singularly sonorous, and with enunciation particularly clear. He was entirely passive. He had been divested of the long white beard which distinguished him upon his trial, and instead of the lock of hair on his fore head, which like a phylactery marked him out as the hierophant of the new supersti tion, his hair was cropped close to the scalp. The demeanor of Mokomoko was less quiet. His restless eyes sought the face of everyone, until they met the countenance of some fellow native, of whom there were six or seven pre sent, and then he would give expression to a convulsive "ihaia," or "What is the use?" This word he uttered twice or three times in reply to the exhortations to pray from the pseudo- prophet, his fellow in condemnation. When Mokomoko came forth into the open air he turned round towards the other divisions of the gaol and uttered aloud, " c koriraV or " FarewelL" and several times on his march to the scaffold he exclaimed, " tenoi ra kaj tau napakeha." " Farewell, pakehas." When the two men arrired at the foot of the scaffold and ascended they were self-possessed, and betrayed not the slightest indication of tremu lousness or faltering. They were preceded by the gaoler, Mr. Tuckwell, the Sheriff, Colonel £alneavis, and Dr. Maunsell, reading the ap propriate service. The air of Horomona was that of a devotee, and whilst the halter was being adjusted ho sras motionless, yet crying aloud, "etc, atua tMobanga c hau" ("Lord have mercy upon me.") He ventured to turn towards Mokomoko, and exhorted him to prayer, when again the re sponse was " ihaia" (" What's the use?") During the process of adjusting the halter, Mbkomoko exclaimed, "(onei ahau • mateharakore," ("I die without cause," or "I am innocent.") Having said this bo closed his eyes, and gave himself entirely up to the hang* man. The Bey. Dr. Maunsell having finished prayers, shook the two prisoners by the hand. The bolt was about to be withdrawn, when the executioner was so overcome with nervousness as to render it doubtful whether, if left unas sisted, some misadventure might not occur. However, the bolt was withdrawn, and the two men fell. The death of Horomona was instan taneous. There was one convulsive shudder apparent and all was over. Mokomoko strug gled slightly, but in less than a minute all symptom of motion had ceased to be observable. By 9 o'clock a considerable accession to the number of spectators had taken place. Two catechuts from the Roman College had taken up a position, kneeling, outside the penal department t tbe two priests (the Revs. Fathers Macdonaldand NavarJo) being in the colls with their penitents. The same ceremony of striking off the irons had taken place in this ca«e as in the former. The demeanor of Hermita and Hakaraia was that of men thoroughly subdued, but yet placid and collected. The deportment of Kirimanga, the leader who called for twenty men to kill the pakehas, was that of. a person half dead. He kept hi* eyes shut, swayed about in startled impotence, and was only sustained by his two companions—upon whose shoulders his head for some time rested during the progress to the gallows—from a thorough break- down. In the case of these, as of the former, thoro was no disposition to speak. They bent their heads respectfully to the unhatted crowd as they passed. In truth, the two first had openly con fessed their guilt, and that of all three was too fully established to admit either of complaint or explanation. The prooesiion was preceded, as in the former case, by the gaoler and the Sheriff; in the present instance the two priests walking beside the moribund prisoners with breviary in hand and crucifix in view, giving out the litany for the dying, to which the prisoners half audibly responded. In this order they mounted the scaffold—Hakaraia oc cupying the right hand, Uercmita tho middle, and Kirimangu the extreme left. The dread preparations having been made, the clergyman passed in front of the condemned men, ottering them the crucifix, which each kissed. The clergymen retired, the bolt was again drawn, and —death, in the cases of Hakaraia ant Heremita, was instantaneous. Thoy were ex ceedingly heavy, muscular, well-nourished men. Kirimangu was a singular contrast to them; he was merely a boy, slightly built, and emaciated to a skeleton. His cheeks and eye-sockets were so hollow that he almost resembled a ghost. After the lapse of four minutes, the hangman had to pull the body by the feet, and life was extinct. It would be in ordinary cases needless to comment upon the antecedents of men who have discharged the penalty of a horrible crime with the forfeit of their lives ; but something more is necessary in the present case than a mere record of their execu tiou. The victims of a debasing superstition, they lived only long enough that they might die beside the exponent of tbe imposture* by which they were deceived. Horomona was, as he looked, the true type of the religious or irreligious enthusiast, just as his intelligence led him. Kirimanga, on the other hand, was the fitting instrument with which to work out a super stitious end, impulsive, illiterate, inconsiderate, and filled with imaginary hate. Mokomoko has always borne a character of hostility to Euro peans, cunning, unscrupulous, with a " lean and hungry look " for grievances. Of the two men Hakaraia and Heremita, they have borne, the former a neutral character, tho Utter a fair character. The demands of the law have been justified, well deserved retribution has overtaken the prime movers in two horrible crimes, not withstanding that the Royal clemency has favored some that were guilty. 