CURRENT TOPICS. The bazaar in aid of the St. Paul's Bell Fund came to a conclusion on Satur day evening with the most satisfactory ri suits. It has not yet, however,.been ascertained what the actual proceeds are, but we are informed the amount re quired will be realised. A large quantity of articles remain unsold, and it was pro: posed to have a final, sale this evening, but the fair holders of the stills wer so exhausted through their labours of the past;days that the project could not be entertained/ A great business was done, iu ' raffles.i'despito the .fears of a sudden appearance of the cmi'sarins m blue of Mr ELiginbotham, and the, service of a warrant to appear at the City Police Court. We canoot particularise the many 1 prizes won in this illegal manner ; but one lucky indiv.idul carried away the 1 earcase of a pig, sm iked whole, from the stall of Mr Haimes, and a gentleman became the lucky .possessor a beautiful grotto of seaweed made by the fair liaods of Mrs George White : and many were they who got cushions, ladies' I companions, worked slippers, puppies, ducks and geese, and all kinds of nicnaeks. Thereis a kind of indescribable pleasure in being the possessor of an article won , in a lottery, no matter whether it be small or great. It is in becoming pos sessed of. goods in such an unexpected manner, that the true enjoyment lies. The numerous friends of the misguided E'heredge, formerly of the Bank of New ] South Wale", will be glad to hear that he has been released from the hospitalities ot Mr Brodie. It will also be a satisfaction to them to know that he is in excellent health, hommioy and low diet notwith standing. Those who remember his care- | worn, woe-begone look eighteen months since, when he reached the colony after a series of hair-breadth escapes froin Union bullets in the States, borne down as I was by long continued anxiety, will acknowledge that Mr Brodie has been a judicious as well as a successful nurse. Etberedge has been during his imprison-: ment a valuable servant of the Crown. The natural energy of his character made him seek employment, though his sentence did hot include hard labor. At one time he practised house painting, at another' lie was barber surgeon to both Europeans and Asiatics ; latterly he had the lunatics under his supervision, one of whom in his paroxysms deprived him of a front tooth. His chief service rendered to the Crown was that of mounting guard night and day over the unhappy . murder Yankee Tom, for which lie is allowed a fortnight from his term of imprisonment. Latterly, through' the benevolent exertions of the Rev. Mr Hnyne, the orisonem have been provided with a small but well chosen library, of which the qno idain bank ac countant was, as a matter of course, the librarian, and the catalogues written put in a neat aiid clerk- like hand will descend to coming generations .as. a memorial of the well educated prisoner. It is under sto d that Etheredge will seek his fortune in New Zealand with !i steady determina tion to. maintain a high character and to turn his abilities into honorable channels. " The penny readings will be recom menced th;s evening, at the Temperance Hall. ; We perceive by the programme that the : services of a lady have1 been - secured, or rather, we should say that she has placed her services at the disposal i f the committee of the peiiny readings. It will be seen .also that Tennyson's poem of Enoch Arden will be read through in the course of the evening, the first part by Mr R. Kilpatrick, and the concluding portion by Mr J. Traill. Thespj'"new ; features, added to a good programme; deservo as they will un- 1 doubtedly attract a good audience. , The Town Council of Geelong meet tor marrow eveniue. .The, notice paper will be found in another column, - i Wcslcan Mission Meetings ^vi11 be held this .eyemug, at Newtown.and Kensing ton. ' " ; Mr CaiT,rwh'o has .successfully lectured in St" George's Hall,"-Melbourne, will appear at the, .Mechanics' "Institute,- on -Thursday, Friday -and ..Saturday, .when he wjll address himself to'thcpfiiiciplea of phrenology,, electro-biology and mes merism. and illustrate those subjects by experiments oil those who are willing to be convinced, or who are _ dubious, or sceptical of the phenomena submitted. ■ The Portarlington folk have opened a port of their own, and 1 <id on a trading vessel direct for Hobson's Bay. It is a fast sailer and lias won several prizes. The first of this lino of vessels is. the Petrel, ahcl she is said to be securing a brisk trade. Her manifest shows chiefly h -y stacks, butter, eggs, cheese, potatoes, wheat, flour, geese, turkeys, and poultry of every sorf, together with.' bacon, ham, pork, and pigs. She takes in for her ra turn voyage, ten, sugar, coffee, wine, beer, spirits, and other commercial items, and notions of all sorts from the city. ; The vessel supplies rapid and more frequent communication with Melbourne, and is said to be a great success. ?. The Portar lingtouiatis are naturally elated , at the i 'establishment of this marine, which cm do a little business amongst"the shipping I also, in Hubsou's Bay, on her journey to I and fro. Tlie police office business on Saturday comprised the fining cf a drunkard. His Worship the Mayor presided. • The Common Schoril, East Bellerine, was examined by Mr Sasse.on Thursday last, when the appended results were re corded, which redound -creatly to the credit of tho preceptor :—Reading, 81 per cent j writing, 88' per cent • arithmetic,' 75 per cent ; grammar, 70 pec ceutp geography, 80 per cent. • -I Wo are apprised that tho Presbyterian body in the district of Portarlington are now.consolidated by tho happy re-union of tho Free Church with the Presbyterian Cburclf of Victoria. The Rev John Steele, tho resident minister,, possesses the atl'oction and esteem of the locality. There was a first-rate attendance at the Corio ground on Saturday, and some first rate practice was tho result. Owing to the Intercolonial Match the members of the Melbourne Club, who were to have made an appearance on the Corio ground on tho feth instant, will be unable to show what tliey can do, and as a day is thus left open a second eleven match might be arranged, say with the Wiuchelsea, who owe the Corio a visit. Tho Corio was out yesterday, nnd the Planner in which alio skimmed along \yp.q ' much admired. The alteration which has been made in her rigg has improved ,her' sailing very materially. Old tars, how ever, declare that there is still too much timber, and if on the Regatta day-a strong breeze should prevail, the Cross will be able to hold her own. Whether this is the fact or not we are unable to say, not being sufficiently acquainted with maritime - business; but allowing the opinion to be a correct one, we can only say that the CroS3 will have to go "like a bird" to beat her. There is some talk about a : ' Mystery1' which. is come from the "comer' ofBallarat. Murray built her, i and he says she is to be all there. I T he employees connected with the Register newspaper offi:o held their annual pic-uic on Saturday last, at the' Leigh Road. Some of the party proceeded thither by rail, and others by conveyances, and at about mid-day the sports com-. mcnccd; Cricket, quoits, and other games were carried on until about five o'clock in the' afternoon, when the company^ adjourned to diuner at the hutel., There were present; Messrs Love and MeGann," M.L.A., i and a number of visitors, and dinner having been disposed: of, the " after ! proceedings consisted of toasts, singing, recitations, ifee., until rtho* hour of departure arrived, when theparty separated and proceeded homewards, welli satisfied with.the day's amusement. i here will ba .a variety ot- cbargcs_ heard this morning at the Police: Court.1 Amongst others Miss Prudence for impro- " per behaviour. Robert Turner, charged with dog stealing. A number of women charged with prostitution ; and others taken up for keeping.a disorderly house. On . Saturday night a .turnkey, of fclor ; ; Majesty's; jail, named Bolian, -expired • suddenly. An inquest will be.held on' his body this day. : Tile Wimraera and Salamander were . numerously patronised yesterday by "yo Geelonge.-e." If these two vessels remain much longer in port they will either have to be made broader in the beam, or orino-.. Iiu'es will have to he lessened in diameter.' Bells—what a host of associations, both grave and gay, are conjured up by that word ; how potently their familiar tones speak to the hearts of men, from the 'gay" wedding chimes, so full of love and happiness, to that slow "passing bell" wliiclg falling so solemnly 011 the car,.tells us.the " weary is at rest." On occasions of public welcome or rejoicing, and whilst the day is yet early, what flat and purposeless aspect do the crowded thoroughfares present; an air of-listless ness ' pervades; the assemblage, people look bored and somewhat ill-tempered ; but when the bells ring out a merry peal a change" comes ; over the scene : faces brighten, voices become loud,1 auimation and • pleasurable . excitement take the place of previous dulness, aud holiday makers feel that the business of the day has1 ; commenced. In England,' on " Christmas Day in the morning," the bells are always rung with a will that signifies how heartily the ringers them selves enjoy the jubilant music, and the influence of -the day seems to" extend even to the brazen monitors that swing aloft in belfry tower, and " peace and gcnd-will towards men" is the burden of their joyful sons'; and again, from the ivy-covered village church, nestling amidst orchards and hop gardens, ho.w sweetly to tile ear of the solitary way* farer on Kentish Hill, at eventide, comes the faint tolling of the distant curfew, and the melody of the song thrush and nightingale combine to break the deep silence of departing day ; or who, having once heard, could ever forget the mighty '' Torn" of Oxford, his deep tones reverberating through the streets of that ancient and most picturesque seat of learning, filling with a full tide of sound the quoins and cloisters of Christ Church, making oriel musical, penetrating every qiiaiut nook, green court, and arched way, and waking the echoes iiy college, ■ hall, and chapel. The object is inexhaustibly suggestive, and poets in every age, ahd-of every cuuntry, have delighted to do honor to it. Schiller has celebrated the bell in immortal verse,: and our song writers have not forgotten to avail them selves of it in " evening bells, hells upon the wind, &c.; Bells are in fact a necessity in a civilised community, and it is hoped that the praiseworthy .exertions now .being made to provide St. Paul's, Asllby, with a peal will be, crowned with success, and ere long we may Ijsten tjj their "sweet voices," " Falling, at intervals,upon the car ; In cadence sweet! now living all nway, Now pcaiiiig- loud again, and louder sti'l," Clear and sonorous as the gale comes on." The prospects of our own harvest are still goo 1,: though ill some places .the crops will not yield equal to expectations entertained some time ago. In a few instances, and in the opinion of neighbor ing" farmers crops have been cut down rashly. In the vicinity of Inverleigh rust is prevalent, and crops that bade fair i'Q yield fi ftv bushels to the acre will give about half that estimate; but as the grain matures the ; rust debliues. From the same locality the news is satisfactory.". On the Moorabool patches of rust are seen oil the poorer lands and on pieces of ground exhausted by continuous succession of crops, and where the weaker grain'was touched by the early, rains. From-) the Hillp and around Mount Moriac, and the lands- in. the vicinity, of JQuneed, things present a healthy look apcl promise satis factory retiirn-> to the labor and capital expended. -.In Hellerinc the early crop of wheat is partially affected-with rust, but jthe crops, will give far beyond-an average, • and * the: rust disappears? as the-crops mature. -In some places its .ravage has been fatal.* jMrMarchand's.wheat, which was .calculate! at fifty:bushels the acre is gone,-and: will he' barely yvorth reaping. L'he later .wheats are more or legs spotted, acording to their advance in growth, but the earlier crops show the worst symp toms. The tone oflhe agricultural branch is healtliy and confi lent. :? The prices of hay are .-unchanged since . last • quotations. The markets ..closed on a moderate de mand, amply met:at L4 to L4 12s ijd for old hay ; new oaten hay, L2 to L2 10s; oat straw, L2 10s : wheaten hay, Ll 15s to L3. Produce is pouring in abundantly. The potato crop is an excessive one. Onions never looked better, and promise a supply equal to that of the past season. There is a great acreage under, crop that bids fair to supp'y the usual demand, and will have to seek fresh vents for sale. Man golds look well. It may he iucidetita'ly mhserverl--that a large trade is opened lip from Portarlihgton to Melbourne direct in hay,' butter, egg's, cheese,-potatoes, and * other. produce. ' The . yaclit Petrel is laid on for this traffic. Old potatoes will not find sale over 50s per ton. New potatoes have met with a sudden fall on Saturday. Best pink eye.s and reds closed at barely 5s per cat for best samples, suited to the demand for the interior, and well assorted. Bacon is slow at Is per lb, whilst stocks in haud .aro ample. Haras are nominally at Is 2d per lb on a slack demand. I" dairy -pork there is no variation since our list quotation. Colonial cheese of printo sorts' fetclrSl' per lb. Skim milk cheese is .offered, but the article is sucll a "dubious ono at tlic best that customers do well to avoid it. Butter is offered largely, and has dropped in price to from lOd to 91 per lb. No. potted butter qf course is to hand whilst fresh do rules so low, but there must be large stocks, on hand ready for a rise. The supply of eggs is good, and sale is prompt at 14s per dozen. The poultry market furnishes a Sfoorl show. First class fowls are worth 4- 0 1 per couple, geese Cs to 7s per pair; turkeys are moving upwards, and were in demand on Saturday at from 9d to lOd n"r 11'. The vino growing interest 13 attracting increased attention. Colonial wines are going rapidly into popular con sumption ; large outlets of this year's vintage arc found in supplies to families.. Wine is at length becoming a fnrinidah!' I competitor to the older standard drinks. Wine has found purchasers in bulk quan tities—one cellar containing nine thousand gallons of hermitage, burgundy, and white wi.ics is now under offer to a Melbourne purchaser, and choice samples of fu" bodied red wiues have changed hands at 53 per galton, Inferior wines far tabll dink art? procurable at a lower figure. «„;i are g dog into every dayJconaurajition. ■it.e c " ' " " IV. viae crop looks well and the orchards with fruit. Garden stuffs were re pre-ciited by sixty carts, which rapidly [ait til of their loading at the following Wholesale market prices :—Potatoes, 4s to to 5s per cw t; cabbages, 9d to Is pei 4,.z.ti; caul 11 owers, 4s to 5s do ; peas, C I to "d'per peck; turnips, 9d to la pei dozen; ci~rots, 91 to Is; onions, 41 to Cl: and lettuce, Cil to -91 per dozen. Friiit was well supplied, cherries, especi ally made.a great show, but tin; kinds were not first class, good qualities found pur chasers in any quautity at 2d to 2i-1 per lb; strawberries, 81 to 9d per hi ; and any amount of goo-eberries at lid to 2d per quirt. Stocks uf every sort were bought out of hand without delay. Since Friday the following sums have been added to the Fund :—E. R. Lennon L1 1s, D Fisher L1 1s, Lowe and M'Kenzie L1 1s, Chas. Andrews L1, Thos. Wright L1 1s, J. Guthrie L1 1s, Dr Pin- cott L1 1s, Dr Carstaira L1 1s, Wm. Trear L1 1s ; smaller sums L5 7s—total L65 2s 6d. The sums subscribed having reached within a few pounds of the amount re- quired, the Band of No. 1 Company of the G.V.V. Artillery will commence the series of performances in the Botanical Gardens next Saturday afternoon, for which occasion a most attractive programme will be given. It has been suggested that the locale of the band should be removed from the rotunda on the hill, to the glade on the right hand side of the path leading to the nursery, and we think it would be a much better place, being more sheltered. The elevated and exposed position of the Rotunda renders it ill adapted for music. The sound is too widely dispersed, and in windy weather, completely blown away ; and, even as a promenade, it is not the most agreeable in the gardens. We are glad to see the band performances are established. The putrefying heaps of sea-weed oh the Bench near the Moor.ibool Wharf are constantly complained' oF, and the un pleasant art tu t arising therefrom, com bined wi h the outpouring of the neighbouring drain, causes a place which, but for those nuisances would, be a pk-isant r>S >:t for the inhabitants of«the town, to V«y from its unheahWntss and offensive:icss, a spot to be avoided. A fata! and singular accident, says the , Ararat Advertiser, occurred 011 a farm owned by a man named M it thews, near S'.reatlniin, resulting in the death of a boy luinied William We.-t, while attempting to catch] i l.orae'-clonging to theproprietor. Tim lad, in company with Matthews and Lis brother yarded some horses, and while trying to secure one of them, it ran at the boy and attempted to jump over him, notwithstanding-st severe blow adtninis terei by the deceased with his stock whip. The horse in rising to the Lap struck the boy with its cheat, and knocked him do :::, ami in alighting one of the hind Joel trod on his skull, fracturing it so severely as to cause death. The boy, it Seems, had been found at Beaufort some six nil-mils In-fore, wandering about the country, his father and mother lie told his master were both dead, hut lie had two little sifters 'tiding at Majorca with a man who had been a friend of his father. A singular fact in natural history is narrated as follows by t he Condign .Inde pendent :—" Mr Anderson, a dairyman, residing at the Big Hill, had a field of eight a.rea of mangold wurzal which was attacked by caterpillars and gruhs, and Eeveu acres out of the eight (el! a prey. A recent heavy fail of rain partially checked the destruction. Tliis was followed by the appearance of not a flock, bnt what our informant called a "cloud" of brown birds, about the size and appearance of the wattle bird. They alighted in the field, and in a few hours the ravages were stayed and a clean sweep was made of the caterpillars—not one was to be seen. The birds disappeared as suddenly and as mysteriously as they had ap pearcd." The Government Gazette of Friday con tains a general order of His Excellency the Viceroy and Governor General of India in Council, published for ihc information of officers of her Majesty's Indian forces who may be residing on leave in the colony of Victcria. The conference of delegates from shire councils and road hoards of the Western District, having closed their proceedings, waited, on Friday, upon the lion, the Coin sai-siouer of Ponds and Bridges, and the hon. the Chief Secretary, and submitted to them their labors. The principal amend ments introduced in the Local Government Bill were that road boards should possess the same privileges as the shire councils, that the scale of suffrage should be for £10 and under £30 of rateable property, one vo:e, £50 and under £100, two votes, and for £10;) and upwards, three votes and no more. That fixed mining plant should be rated, hut not mines. That road boards and shire councils, aggrieved by the acts of courts of potty sessions, should have power to appeal to trie courts of general sessions ; that any person appointed to fulfil the duties of surveyor should possess a certificate of competency from some duly qualified au thority, that the Governor in Council should have power to alter and readjust existing boundaries, irrespective of tire electoral districts, on the petition of two thirds of the ratepayers; that the endowment of £2 for every £1 in aid of local imposts he ex tended to ten years from the passim; of the !Local Government Act, that a sum equal to tiro-thirds of the cost of constructing main roads, the., lie paid to local bodies from the consolidated revenue, that progress payments he made on the 1st March and 1st September in each year, and that the mode of distribu tion he published in the Government Ga zette, and that property rated at £10 should he ttie qualification of an elector. Mr Vale card the suggestion should have considera tion, and he hoped that the local bodies, when asking for increased houu-'ies from the Government, considered at the same time the necessity that would arise for increased taxation ; and that, whilst the plea put for ward for increased endowment from the Go vernment was the benefit derived by the un sold lauds of the Crown, it. would not he overlooked that there were other large tracts of land which were equally benefited, and which ought to bear a larger of loeal taxa- I tion. It is notified in Friday's Gazette thai the license granted to the hulk Guiana for the storage of powder has been withdrawn at the request of the owners, and that a license has | been granted to the hulk Janet for the same purpose. At a meeting of the committee of the in tercolonial wool show, held on Thursday at the Australasian wool stores—prrsent, Mr Lenrmonth, of Erci doun (in the chair), Sir Philip Russell, Mr Robert Simson, Sir J. L. Currie, aild Mr Thomas Shaw—it was de cided that the show of merino wool shall take place at the Australasian wool stores on the 10th of January next, as first inti mated, and the show in London in August next. Gentlemen are requested to send in their exhibits for the Melbourne show, with the entrance fee of £2 2s per hale and the necessary declaration,before thc9th January; and all interested in this important move ment are requested to forward their contri butions towards the prize fund to the hono rary secretary, Mr Macredie, South Yarra, to whom all communications are to he ad dressed. - "It is feared, and-we are sorry to add that there is only too much likelihood of the fear being verified," reports the Gipps Land Time?, " that a melancholy case of death by drowning has occurred at Mafira. The cir cumstances which have given rise : to the supposition may shortly "be related. On Sunday morninjr, as some of the men en gaged at Messrs Gellatly's farm, at MafFra, were walking along the bank of the Macalis ter ltivcr they saw a horse and dray in the centre of the stream, within about 300yards of Click's Downfall. Fearing that some thing serious had occurred, one of the men, named Matthew Crossen, at once stripped and swam out, and having made fast a rope to the wheel of the cart it wns dragged to the bank, the harness taken from l ho horse, which was drowned, and the animal let drift down thy current. The dray was next secured to the bank, when the men returned home and reported the "occurrence. Further search was immediately instituted along the river, in order to discover, if possible, the driver of the dray, which resulted in a hat being found entangled in the brushwood near one of the banks, when the worst tears of the party were at once realised. On ex amining the horse and cart it was found they belonged to Mr Pagan, hut had been seen on Friday morning in the possession of a man named Cain'phcll, one of the late free selec tors of land at Mafira, On further inquiries being made, it was also discovered 'hat lie left Mr llagau's farm to go to Mr William son's, at Tinamba; that he had crossed lick's Pownfall on the Friday morning, and that, having performed hia business, he had left Mr Williamson's in tho evening, to return home. In the meantime, however, from the melting of the snow on the mountains the river had risen considerably, and it is supposed that, in attempting to re cross, man horse, and dray were carried down the stream. We have only to add that the conveyance was drawn up the bank, and a dray despatched to Mewburn-park for a boat, and the police communicated with ; but up to a late hour last night all efforts to recover the body liad proved unavailing. Friday's Government Gazette notifies the following appointments :—Thomas O'Brien, Melbourne, and A. 0. Palmer, Hamilton, to ho perpetual commissioners for taking ac knowledgments of applications and instru ments signed by married women under tho Transfer of Land Statute, 20 Viet. No. 301, sec. 125 ; William Trimble, to be temporary ranker of tho Bullarook, Daylesford, and Treutham State forests ; Joshua Thomas, to he a trustee of tho land set apart on 1st June, 1S63, for Church of England purposes at Duuolly, vice W. II. Carwardine, resigned; Michael Cunneen, Thos. Cragie, and Thos. Lucas, to bo trustees of t.lm or ■■ — 19th December, 1859, for cemetery purposes at Runnymedc; Ileury Chrichard Fraser, -to be a trustee of the land set apart for Wes ley an church purposes at St. Hilda, vice Dauiei Graut, resigued ; H. E. Pengelly (acting receiver and paymaster at Stawell), aud It. Richardson Wardlaw (acting receiver and paymaster, Crcsiviek), to issue licenses under sec. 50 and 53 of the Land Act, 1863; C instable Thomas Edward Harding, sta tioned at Rokcwood, to issue licences under the 53rd section of the Land Act 1862, and the Regulations of 6th May, 1865 Robert Gibbs, at Rallarat; David Christy, at Ballarat; I J. F. Coleman, at Staffordshire Reef; Michael M'lnerney, at Smythcsdale ; John Roycroft, at Ores wick, Francis Goodc, at Buniuyong ; and Walter Cherry, at Gordon, to be tempo rary assistants in tlio mining registrars' offices ; Thomas Hale, to be a mining registrar; James Mackay, to act as clerk oi p-tty sessions at Wedderburnc, vice A. Dawson, relieved ; James Joseph Cahill, to be deputy clerk of County Court, to act at Waihalla, and to cuter plaints and other process, aud to issue plaints, summonses, and- till other process and proceedings returnable at Sale ; Joseph Hart (act iug C.PS., &c.;, Crooked River) to he deputy clerk of County Court, to act at Gr rat, ami to enter plai its and other process, and to issue plaiuts, summonses, and all 0 her processes and proceedings return aide at Sale. Mr James Joseph CuhLU com menced duty as warden's clerk at Stringer's Creek on the 5th ult. ; Iienry Hickman Miller to be a bailiff of Crown lands ; Thos. Hale will act as mining registrar for the Hepburn division of the Castlemaiue mining district, vice Ambrose Johnson; Joseph Walter Riby will act as mining surveyor for the Hepburn division of the Castlemaine mining district, vice Ambrose Jokusou ; Ambrose Johnson will act as mining sur veyor and mining regisrar for the Avoe. division, vice It. English, transferred, reliev ing William Byrne, who has acted in the said division temporarily. Mr Byrne will con tinue to act at Red bank only as formerly. The following miserable picture of the condition of the portion of Queensland to which it rciates is supplied to the Dalby Herald hy a correspondent, writing from Surat:—"What in the world Ba'onno and the surrounding district is coming to is at present a mystery, much doubt being ex pressed that we shall any of us be alive next year. The so much wished for rain is like the grapes were to the fox, rather sour. For the last week wo have been tantalised by observing large volumes of rain clouds piss ing over us, and with something like an approach to a thunderstorm ; hut, alas! only to disappear to visit some more favored spot. < :n Sunday afternoon, it blew almost a hur ricane, and the rain came down for about an hour. Since then, we have had nothing hut scorching hot weather, and high winds during the night.' The thermometer, last week, averaged 104c in the shade, so I leave you to guess what it was outside. ... Horses are in a most miserable condition ; in fact you would look at them and imagine they were the ghosts of Rosinante. Those who ride them are almost liable under Mai tin's ct. Avery little more of this weather and you need not ex-pect any communications from this district, for we shall not he able to send it down for want of horses. As for beef or mutton, we have long since ceased to think of a good niece of meat, but now content ourselves with carrion, or a very near ap proach to it. Unluckily, we are not in the position the French are, to fall back" on horse flesh for food. We have a few goats browsing upon air, and when the abigail sallies forth to milk them, too often fluds them barren. Perhaps they might do for a few days' food for us. Even the river is beginning to tell tis uuo caie ol waut of ram—the water 13 ] stinking, and now is so low near the town ship that you may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Talavera station is about to be abandoned for want of water. Already some of tlie sheep have left—some say for I Clifton, others for Melbourne j but I am not j able to say which is correct, for I don't thiuk the manager knows himself." ■ It is notified in the Government Gazette that all claims against the Telegraph and Post Office .Departments for the service of | the current year must he sent in on or before the 31sc inst. The number of passengers arrived at tile port of Melbourne by sea during t he weekending Saturday, D cember 1, 1666, amounted-to ,765, >>f-which number 312 were from the neighbouring colonies, 441 from the United Kingdom, and 12 from foreign ports. The following returns show the state of | her .Majesty's Jail for the week end ing Saturday, December 1 -.—For trial, 1 male ; on remand, 0; medical inquiry, 3 males, 1 female; road gang, 2 males;] hard labor, 32 males, 11 females; imprisonment only, 10 males, 7 females ; lunatic*, 2 males, 1 female; total, 59 males, 20 females. 