A VERY important State paper was received by us, by the last mail—a copy of the pro- test addressed by Mr. MACALISTER and his supporters in Parliament to the Secretary of State for the Colonies against the con- duct of the Governor during the political rumpus which commenced with the an- nouncement by his Excellency of his intention to refuse his assent to the Bill to make Legal Tender Notes. By whom this document has been issued does not appear; no printer's name is attached thereto. It is clear it is not published by the authority of the present Ministry, although drawn up by or for them. From the introduction, one would gather that certain of the pro- testers having felt themselves badly treated by Messrs MACALISTER, LILLEY, and BELL, have dragged the paper into daylight, to show up the precious consist- ency of those gentlemen. Rumor assigns another and more ignominious reason for the production, namely, that after the pro- test was written, and whilst it was being printed, the three gentlemen referred to accepted office again under the GOVERNOR that had made such breaches in the Con- stitution and on the privileges of Parlia- ment, and that they then shabbily refused to pay the printer, and the document and the printed copies thereof, became therefore his property, which he now circulates for the benefit of his afflicted country. How- ever that may be we cannot determine; it is sufficient that the document is evidently a genuine affair, and is a valuable contribu- tion to the history; of constitutional govern- ment as it is understood and practised in Queensland. The document, which is too long for us to republish in our columns, is addressed to Mr. CARDWELL, and is pre- ceded by the following letter, without sig- nature :— To the Right Honorable the Earl of Carnarvon, Secretary of State for the colonies, &c.;, &c.;, My Lord,—The letter addresed to your pre- decessor (enclosed herein), dated 6th of August, of this present year, was so addressed at a time when tbe gentlemen whose names are enumerated in the commencement of that letter, held and acted upon the opinions and con- victions therein expressed. Since that date, certain members of the Ministry, who resigned on the question set forth, have seen fit to unite with gentlemen who, on that particular question, had been decidedly and strenuously opposed to the course then taken by them. The conduct of individuals cannot affect the legal integrity of the constitution. We, there- fore, although interrupted and delayed by cir- cumstances wholly unprecedented here and un- anticipated by every elector in the colony, still forward to your Lordship the letter originally drawn up, and adhere to the arguments and opinion it expresses. It will be for Her Majesty's Government to judge of their value. We simply insist upon their presentation in the interests of that good—because legal and clearly defined—administration, which must be the best bond between the mother country and her colonies—We have the honor to be, my Lord, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Due care is taken that the Secretary of State shall know who the gentlemen are who call in question the conduct of the GOVERNOR. "Not in any spirit of undue egotism," say the protesters, "but as simply "informing the Secretary of State for the "Colonies of our positions in the Legisla- "ture; that when the differences which have "occasioned this memorandum arose, in the "early part of last July, we held the offices "and represented the districts now specified. Here follow the names of, the offices held (if any}, and districts represented by, Arthur Macalister, Joshua P. Bell, R. R. Mac- kenzie, Charles Lilley, John Douglas, T. P. Pugh, William Brookes, Thomas B. Stephens, George Edmoudstone, Robert Cribb, Benjamin Cribb, Henry Challinor, Frederick A Forbes, W. H. Groom. The Secretary of State is then informed that these gentlemen represent districts, out of a total population of 88,000, contain- ing 60,000, and the other representatives of these districts who dissented from them were only three—Messrs. HERBERT, RAFF, and PRING. After referring to the manner in which Mr. PRING lost his seat, the memorandum goes on to state, "there is "not the slightest doubt that were Mr. "HERBERT and Mr. RAFF compelled to con- "test their seats now, they would both "meet with the like rejection. It would "seem almost to savour of impertinence for "us to point out to you, Sir, the inference "legitimately derivable from, these facts as "to the state of public opinion in the colony "upon the matters to which we have now "the honor to draw your attention." Cer- tainly it savors of impertinence, and great ignorance, too, to call mere opinions facts, and to assume from the opinions of these fourteen individuals, that the state of public opinion in the colony could be discovered. The memorandum or protest then gives what affects to be a full, true, and parti- cular account of the great political struggle by the Hon. Arthur MACALISTER and his thirteen doughty and valiant knights, for— the Constitution—Parliamentary privileges —the liberty of the subject, against a tyrannical Governor, and so on—and how the GOVERNOR being backed with the might of Imperial authority and power, which he had turned to the destruction of institutions he ought to have been the first to guard, sup- port, and defend, had been "too many" for the said Macalister and his brave troop —and how the appeal was made to CÆSAR "to prevent a recurrence of such conduct on his EXCELLENCY'S part, or that of any future Governor." All of which reads now as if the prime movers in it were only try- ing to make fools of the rest; for whilst the protest was being written, Mr. MACAL- ISTER must have been in treaty with his EXCELLENCY for the Premiership, and Mr. BELL and Mr. LILLEY, we must suppose, were not unacquainted with what was going on. These be thy gods, Oh Israel! THE "Lady Bowen" is expected from Rockhampton to-day, and will leave for Sydney direct. IN our first column it is announced the "Clarence" will leave for Brisbane to-morrow (Thursday). Since that was printed, we learn the "Clarence" will leave this afternoon. A special general meeting of the share- holders of the Central Queensland Building Society, was held last evening, for the election of a director. The Candidates were Mr. E. T. Aldridge and Captain Jeffrey. On the ballot being taken, Captain Jeffrey received the largest number of votes, and was declared duly elected. TIM SHEA.—We have re-publshed, below a letter from the Courier on Tim Shea's case, purporting to come from "His Ghost," charging us with holding back part of the evidence taken at the enquiry held by the Police Magistrate of Maryborough in this case. To which we reply that the report we published of that enquiry was taken by a shorthand reporter, and is a verbatim report of what took place. If there be any difference between it and the depositions furnished by the Police Magistrate, the probability is, ours would be the fuller of the two—a newspaper admitting in to its reports all that is tendered—a magistrate rejecting what is not strictly evidence. We have shown no desire to screen the persons, (whoever they may be), responsible for the unnecessary suffering which embittered the last days of this man—nor, on the other hand, have we sought to make the case appear worse than it has been represented to us—added any dark colors of our own to that description? We have contented ourselves with publishing the evidence, in extenso, taken on oath, and if that does not unfold a tale horrible enough to cause the Government, and the persons im- plicated, da nto take action to rid themselves of the disgrace by proving that evidence is false, it will be to their everlastiug confusion. With reference to putting the poor fellow in a three-bushel bag, with holes cut for his head and arms to protrude through, this was done by constable Bennet as an act of humanity, his (Shea's) own clothing getting so filthy, by reason of the disease npon him, that the. constable had to throw them away. TIM SHEA'S CASE.—To the Editor of the Brisbane Courier.— Sir,—Those of your read- ers who know anything of the circumstances connected with the cruelty to, and death of the late Tim Shea, and who are endowed with the ordinary feelings of humanity, must be very thankful to you for republishing from our paper some of the evidence taken by the Maryborough Police Magistrate concerning the actual suffer- ings and ending of the poor wretch. The paper you republished from, I regret to say, did not lay the evidence at all fully and fairly before the public. Had it faithfully performed its duty, yours and its readers would have been put in possession of facts which Englishmen may instinctively doubt the truth of, but which no Englishman, deserving the title, should rest contented with until they were disproved be- yond doubt, or the perpetrators of them figura- tively torn to pieces. I am informed that the Government have been furnished with the evi- dence in extenso, taken on oath, and from my knowledge of the awful transaction I beg to advise you that the same ought to be obtained at once, and fully published for general infor- mation. I am prepared to supply you with a complete history of the case, but wait to see what course the Government and the public are disposed to pursue towards the chief delin- quents. There have been several awards made and orders given within a short time, by the Gayndah Bench, which should have awakened the attention of the Government to the temper that has tinged decisions. But the treating of an expiring fellow creature as a vagrant, turn- ing a deaf ear to his cries for "charity to a dying man"—shutting the heart, the eyes, the ears, to the poor fellow's piteous appeals for "mercy, and for shelter in the hospital;" en- closing his emaciated body in a three-bushel bag, with holes cut for his head and arms to protrude through, and in that state starting him on the road as a prisoner, and when he affirmed so vehemently "that the journey would kill him," discloses the most revolting case imaginable; and it ought to be sufficient to make the authorities call the whole batch of magistrates and officials connected with the Court in question to account. The miserable victim died, as he said he must, and as the con- stable before starting said he must, and as everybody who saw him in Gayndah or met him on the way down, said he must, on the road. He died like a dog; and the officer, ere he left Gayndah, was instructed to bury him. Fortunately for the ends of justice, the dray on which his sufferings were ended, carried him beyond the reach of the court—beyond where it could suppress the transaction. "What am I to do, sir," was the natural question by the escorting constable, "if he dies on the road ?" "Bury him," was the reply. Your readers may inquire if this is extracted from some sen- sational novel; others may exclaim "such cannot be in any Christian country." Wait, I sorrowfully ask you, until the evidence and more than the evidence transpires about the Gayndah treatment of poor Tim Shea.—I am, HIS GHOST. Musket Flat, December 3." An Adelaide telegram, dated the 3rd instant, says:—"Mr. Fuller has been elected Mayor by a majority of 255, many women voting for him. The greatest excitement prevailed, and Mr. Fuller was dragged round the town in a carriage by the citizens. The Albert bells were rung in honor of the occasion." SHADE TREES FOR QUEENSLAND.—Consider- able interest has lately been shown towards the desirability of having shade-trees planted along the streets of the towns of Queensland. We have already published several letters, asking for information as to what trees would best answer for the purpose of shade, and are now enabled, thanks to the courtesy of the Curator of the Botanical Gardens, to submit a list of trees suitable for shade in all parts of the colony. Mr. Hill adds that the list can be greatly extended; but our readers will agree that a very handsome beginning has been made in those now submitted. The list for the Downs and other districts having a sharp touch of winter are most deciduous, as in those localities shade would be no advantage during the cold months For the warmer localities a choice list of evergreens is given. In this matter of planting shade-trees, a great deal could be done with little money towards beautifying and permanently improving the towns of the colony. We believe such planting is becoming common in some of the towns of Victoria—it is universal throughout America, where the people tako pride in their shade-trees. In the present list some dense-foliaged trees are omitted, the object being rather to induce the cultivation of such as will afford grateful shade during the summer months without hindering the free circulation of air. List of plants suitable for street-shade in Rockhamp- ton, Bowen, Ipswich, Brisbane, Maryborough, and other places near the coast:— Cedrela Odorata, Cedrela Australis, Bombax Pentand- rum, Castanos Permum Australis, Sterculea Platanafslia, Poinciana Regia, Colvellia Race- moss, Tamarindus Indice, Brachition Acerifo- lium, Spondias Dulcis, Ailantus Glandulosa. THE S. M. Herald says:—We have re- ceived from Mr. P. Phipps a sample of sugar, cultivated and manufactured by him at North Arm. In appearance it corresponds with low counter Mauritius; the grain is large, and of good flavor and full strength. A THIRD dividend of three shillings and four-pence in the pound—making in all thir- teen and fourpence in the pound — is now pay- able by the Bank of Queensland. Creditors are reminded that they must come in and prove on or before the 17th March next. — Courier. During the month of November upwards of 7300 acres of land have been taken up under the Leasing Act, producing a revenue of £915 for the first year's rent. This quantity, leased during the first month since the Act came into operation, is quite sufficient to show that the plan will be successful as soon as a sufficient supply of good land has been surveyed and thrown open for selection. — Courier. AS another illustration of the way in which public money has been fooled away in this colony, to serve the political necessities of a Government; we refer to the following from the Cleveland Bay Express: — "A few years ago the Minister at the head of the department of Lands and Works was in bad odour with the people at Rockhampton, and on the occasion of the visit of that Minister to Port Denison an agitation was raised by holders of land in the town of Bowen to press for the construction of a jetty to extend to three fathoms of water. Holders of land in the one street pressed their claims strong upon the Minister to construct the jetty from their particular street; holders in the next street their's; holders in another part of the town from Dalrymple Point, and a feud existed for some time as to the capabilities and advan- tages of the various schemes. At this period Cleveland Bay was unknown, and the honorable Minister to gain favor with those interests north of disaffected town, and believing the agitation for a jetty to be the general wish of the residents of the district, supported the prayer of the petition, and as a compromise to the rival claimants for position, consented to a jetty being erected midway between the points marked out by the most powerful agitators. Since that date a jetty has been constructed, 2840 feet long at an expense of about £20,000, and the furthest point reached barely gives eleven feet of water at low water, spring tides. To render the jetty available for vessels of about fifteen feet draught, the jetty would have to be extended 1200 feet further at an expense, we should say, of nearly £20,000 more. Now that it is erected, what is the use of it? We have heard the conduct of the Government overhauled for the reckless extravagance of the railway works and public buildings carried on in the southern portion of the colony, but in our opinion we must come nearer home and upbraid and condemn the sacrifice of the interests of this portion of Queensland by the construction of that monument of reckless folly and absurdity — the jetty at Bowen. Twenty thousand pounds of the funds appropriated to the Kennedy district have been swamped in the construction of what is little better than a public promenade. As the jetty at present stands, no vessel of ordinary tonnage can come sufficiently near to discharge, and the old system has still to be adopted that was in vogue before this piece of work was ever ventured upon. To swamp more of the public money in its construction will be loudly opposed. What would be said if we raised the cry for a jetty also? We are as much and more entitle to one by the export trade, but we should scorn such an absurdity, until our ex- port trade amounted to as much in one fort- night as it does now in one year. Was ever such a precedent established as a Government to construct a public work in the form of a jetty to facilitate the discharge of vessls, upon the platform of which, if the produce comprising the annual export were placed, the value would not pay the expense of the construction. Even our contemporary is forced to view the mattter in the same light as ourselver, for in a leader that appeared in the Port Denison Times of July 7 will be found the following paragraph:— "We cannot help thinking that the Queensland Government must have had in view Bowen as the seat of Government and commercial centre of the new colony when the sanctioned the erection of so extensive a work as the jetty, out of all proportion to the requirements of the place; if it is to remain as it is at present, a mere port of supply for a certain number of cattle and sheep stations." On Wednesday last, in consequence of the fall of rain, the Upper Burdekin rose some two or three feet. The mob of twenty thousand sheep, belonging to Messrs. J. G. Macdonald and Co., fortunately succeeded in getting across the river before the fresh appeared. This large draft of sheep is en route to the Plains of Pro- mise, Carpentaria, the property of that firm. — Cleveland Bay Express. At a meeting of the Bank of Queensland, which was established in 1862 with a nominal capital of £1,000,000, in shares of £100, on which £25 has been paid, a resolution was adopted for its voluntary liquidation. Owing to the run caused by the news of the suspension of the Agra and Masterman's Bank, the branch at Brisbane was compelled to stop payment on the 24th of July. Some losses had previously been incurred by the manager first appointed, but these were provided for by writing off £33,392 from the paid-up capital in May last, leaving that capital at £174,508. The direct liabilities amount to about £200,000 and the assets nominaliy show enough to enable a return to be made to the shareholders of £22 per share for each £25 paid, but these mainly consist of loans and securities to be realised in the colony. The liquidators appointed are Mr. Brockett, one of the directors; Mr. Muir, the secretary; and Mr. C. F. Kemp, of the firm of Kemp, Ford, Cannan, and Co. A SCENE IN PARIS. — A great crowd, says the Temps, collected yesterday, about half-past 6 in the afternoon, on the Point Royal and the Rue du Bac. The following was the cause:— "Three divinities a Chignon carried the eccen- tricity of the toilet Beniton so far that they at once attracted the notice of all who saw them. They promenaded in the gardens of the Tuileries, and their success was so great that the police officers, who were anything but Anacreontic had to show them outside the gates. The people who had collected and were delighted at having a spectacle gratis, followed the banished divinities of Olympus, and at length began to jeer and hiss them. They were presented with some vine leves for the purpose of completing their toilette. Several of the market women got among the crowd and armed with the cores of pears and stones of peaches, and all the projectiles of which a heap of dust could be the arsenal, they rained on the fright- ened doves, who at length were compelled to take refuge in a sentry-box. The crowd was dispersed with difficulty, and the ladies sent away in a fiacre." LOSS OF REASON THROUGH FINDING A GOLDEN CLAIM. — Last week, a man came down by coach from Young, to be forwarded to the Lunatic Asylum. His reason, strange to say, had been shaken in consequence of striking a payable claim at the Weddin Mountain rush. — Goulburn Argus. SIR WALTER SCOTT meeting a beggar, who importuned him for sixpence, the great un- known not having one, gave him a shilling, adding, with a laugh, "Mind now, sir, you owe me a sixpence." — "Och, sure enough," said the beggar," and heaven grant you may live till I pay you!" 