CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. Wednesday and Thursday. Before his Honor the Chief Justice and a general jury. MURDER. Henry Louis Bertrand (remanded from the last sittings of the Court) was indicted that he did, on the 6th October last, feloniously, wilfully, and of his malice aforethought kill and murder Henry Kinder, at St. Leonards, in the district of Sydney. Prisoner had previously pleaded not guilty. Mr. Butler prosecuted for the Crown. Prisoner was de fended by Mr. Dalley and Mr. Windeyer, instructed by Mr. W. Roberts. The learned counsel for the Crown opened the case, nrliinh he alliufoil tn as nna rtf the mncf PTfnnrHintrv in th* annals of crime, by explaining the causes contributing to the death of Kinder, find went on to contrast the two ver sions—that hyBertrand at the inquest^ and that in evidence in the present case— of the circumstances under whioh the pistol wound was inflicted. The motives for the crime were, he said, to be found in Bertrand's intimacy with aud strong passion for Mrs. Kinder, and his expressed determination to marry her ; and numerous quota tions were cited from Bertrand's diary to show the nature of prisoner's past relations and future intentions with regard to her— bis references to some past action of his calling for contrition, and hie seeming doubt of God allowing 'a wretch like him to go unpunished '—and the allusion to those who opposed his union with Mrs. Kinder : ' I tell tliee thou hast need of God's help indeed if thou hast me for an enemy— I, who value life as X value weapons to be used when required, and then thrown away or destroyed, some of course being kept for future use if necessary.' The learned counsel went on to show the importance of the fact that prisoner, who was present at the shooting, for days gave no information of it to tbe police. It was too a strange coinci dence that Bertrand should, in disguise, go with his aisistant to buy pistols, one of which should be proved to be the instrument of Kinder's death. The jury would have to take the admissions of Bertrand, together with facts that undoubtedly went to prove a design on his part to take Binder's lite. Evidence would be adduced to show that on several occasions be made excursions at night to Kinder's residence with the intention of murdering bim, and this failing, he fell back upon the idea of shooting him. Pistols were purchased — he practised firing at a sheep's head, and let fall an expression to a man named Jackson, to this effect — ' Tou would not like to be implicated in a charge for tbe murder of Kinder,' and told him he must not be surprised at anything he might hear after he went away. With regard to the nature of the wounds, it would be in medical evidence that the two bones injured could not have been broken except by a shot fired from behind while the victim had his head stooped — sn attitude it was highly improbable a man would assume if he intended to blow his brains out. If Bertrand was mad, it could only be the madness of his paesion for thin woman. The learned counsel then pro ceeded to call evidence. Detective Elliott, who arrested Bertram^ produced two Eackets of letters (in Mrs. Kinder's handwriting), a Burn er of phials, powder flask and box of caps, one bullet, a tomahawk, single barrel pistol (secret trigger, and out of order), nipple screw, a diary, and a day-book, all obtained at Bert rand's residence, No. 7. Wynvard-square. Henry Wager, resident clerk detective department, who arrested Mrs. Kinder at her mother's house in Bathurst, ieund there and produced a letter signed Louis Bertrand. an envelope addressed to Bertrand, a note addressed to the manager of the City Bank, and a pistol (with trigger guard). George M'Kay, deposition clerk to the City Coroner, produced the depositions taken at the inquest on the body of Kinder, comprising the evidence ef Mrs. Kinder, Ber trand, William Cooper, and Dr. Eichler. (Depositions read.) A pistol was produced at the inquest and claimed by Berfrand as his property; it was something like the one now produced (the one with secret trigger), and it would go off at half-cock. Cross-examined: The verdict of the jury was that deceased died by his own hand. The following other witnesses were examined : Alfred Burne (Bertraud'e assistant), Charles Lett (clerk in the Crown Solicitor's Office), Charles £. Ranclaud (cashier in City Bank), Alexander Bellhouse (previously of the Tele graph Department), Harriet Kerr (Bertrand's sister), Mary Agnes Robertson (an acquaintance of Bertrand), Sophia Taylor (nursegirl in Bertrand's family), Ann Brown (ser vant to Kinder), Thomas Buchanan (who passed to the Horth Shore with Kinder on the day of the shooting), William F. Dind (hotel-keeper), Mrs. Palmer (Mrs. Ber trand's mother), John Sharp (butcher), Joseph Myers (from whom pistols were obtained), George Buckley (boat owner), Charles Price (shopman at Giles and Co.'e Francis A. Jackson (formerly squatter in New Zealand), Dr. Eichler, Mr. Watt, Dr. Wright, Dr. Alloway, and Dr. AUeyne. The following facts were elicited in evidence : — Henry Kinder, a native of London, thirty-five years of age, had been married five years, his family consisting of two children. Whilst in New Zealand he was connected with the Union Bank and Bank of New Zealand. On leaving that country about two years ago be came to Sydney, and when the City Bank opened some twelve months afterwords, he was appointed chief teller in. that establishment. Within about two months from this time Bertrand met with Mrs. Kinder in his practice as a sur geon-dentist. A mutual regard led to further interviews, and Bertrand, having introduced his wife at Kinder's house, the families became on visiting terms. Not long alter the commencement of this acquaintance Bertrand tola his assistant Bume, of whom he seems to have made a sort of semi-confidant, that Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to bim, ana already made allusion to an act of illicit intimacy with her. The communication by Bertrand had been maintained with the Kinders for about four months, when Francis Arthur Jackson, a squatter, who, in New Zealand, after her marriage, had been a party to Mrs, Kinder** inmntfnen™- nnnnrf nnitms for which nfi obtained by stupifying the husband with drink, came to reside at Kinder's house, at the North Shore, where he renewed the same kind of intercourse. Here a few days after his j arrival he came in contact with Bertrand, who in order to get bim out of the way, determined to set Kinder against him. He, however, changed his tactics, and induce 1 Jack son to abide at bis house in Wynyard-square. They had j met in Mrs. Kinder's presence at the North Shore, and at the request ol' Bertrand she settled their rivalry by signifying her preference for Bertrand. Jackson and he then entered into a mutual explanation, in which each slated the peculiar relationship he had had with her. Mrs. Kinder continuing her intimacy with Bertrand, visited his house, in one instance stayed thero a week, Iu addition to some other correspondence forwarded by the hands of Burne, Bertrand sent ber a letter containing a diamond ring, bringing back as an answer that she would come perhaps in the afternoon, and that day she came whilst Bertrand was out. The intimacy became closer as weeks passed by ; and he had now reconciled bis wife to a divoroe. Bertrand at length betrayed strong passion for Mrs. Kinder, and expressed bis intention to marry her, adding that it was a bad thing for him that his own wife was ss virtuouB that it gave him no way of getting rid of her. Jackson (to whom this was said at Bertrand's house) urged it as im possible that he could marry Mrs. Kinder, her husband being alive. Bertrand rejoined, ' All things are possible, and time will show it ; Kinder is rapidly killing himself with drink, and if that won't do it other things will.' Mrs. Kinder also told Jacksan that Bertrand wanted to marry her, but that it was out of the question. She said she feared him ; he appeared to have a kind of mesmeric or controlling influence over her. Having eo far sucoeeded in his scheme with regard to Jack son as to detach lmn from Kinder's and get him into his own house, according to bis own admission, Bertrand drugged him for the purpose of getting from him letters written to him by Mrs. Kinder. In the month of August, Berfrand, accompanied by Byrne, took a boat at midnight and went over to the North Shore, stating that he wished to get to Kinder's drawers, but when tbey arrived, having pointed to Kinder's bedroom, on the windows of which the moon wsb shining, he said the light was too strong, and he would have to come again some other night. About three days 'afterwards they went again at night, Bertrand, whilst they were Crossing the water, telling Borne that very likely next morning Kinder would be found dead in his bea, having committed suicide, and letters from Jack son be found in his hand. Tbey arrived about 1 o'clock. Bertrand took off liis boots and went into the house. When be rejoined Bume (who whilst he was away badfallenasleep)he said Kinder's beerwhich had been drugged was untouched, and that he was very restless in his sleep. Within seven or eight davs, they made another midnight trip to the North Shore, tiertrand this time toak a hatchet and told Burne that he intended to knook out the brains of Kinder who had insulted him at the theatre. On this excursion he also informed Burne of his intention to get a divorce from his wife and- to many Mrs. Kinder. In answer to a rein ark by Burne that it would be impossible to get a divoroe from hit wife unless he could get something against her, Bertrand said he wonld get some one and pay (hem until he got something against her. They reached j Kinder's an hour after midnight, and Bertrand, taking off his shoes , again entered thehouee through the same window. ! As they were returning to the city, h« told his companion tbat Llewellyn (Mrs. Kinder's brother) and Jackson were again in the house, and he did not think it safe, especially as the boards creaktd. A week more elapsed, when Ber trand made preparations for another nocturnal expedition to Kinder's bouse. He induced Burne to buy him a dark red Crimean sbirt, because, as he said, it would not Ghow the colour of blood, and desired him to ' make him up ' so that he could not be recognised. Before tbey started he sbaved himielf, put on a shell hat, the red Crimean shirt, and wore a mask (hat half concealed his face. Taking off their boots before quitting the house in Wvnyard-squnre, they passed out by the beck door, put cn their boots in a lane at the reir, and crested the water at about half-p*st 1 o'clock. Having reached the North Shore Bertrand got inside Kinder's hiinse and remained there about three-quarters of an hour, after which he came back to the wharf and told Burne that bo did not like to go borne without finishing whit he had come (o do, and requested Burne to accompany him to (be house, go in with him, and if anything happened to take Lie part and knock out the brairiB of anyone who inter fered. Burne declined to run the risk, stating that it was ttio romantic for bim ; and Bertrand having proceeded to the house alone returned in about half an hour, said he bad not ' dote it,' and they pulled tho boat back to the city. Burne, although taking the precaution to carry the hatchet and keep Bertrand in front of him in the boat, regarded these excursions as a farce, knowing Bertrand to be very ecren(ric in hi? mnnfirr, fond of indulging in strange ca prices, and telling extraordinary stories. He frequently boasted of his success with women, spoke of romantic ad ventures in Brussels, of fighting a duel in Paris, aud said that he wbb on the stage at Sadler's Wells, where he had en amour with the chief actress. ,JHe once took poison, and was very ill, and one day he seized Mrs. Kinder, calling her by (he name of his wife (Jane), and tried to force her en the bed, and Bume, who interfered, he then at&ackedj; tried to break his ann against the bed-post, and knocked his head against the wall. On another occasion he attempted to eplit his wife's head open with a hatcbet. One evening, two or three weeks subsequent to tbe last boat trip, Bertrand, attired in female apparel, accompanied Burne to purchase pistols, Bertrand providing the money for two. He cast some bullets ; and the next day a Bheep's head was procured, at which he practised pistol-firing In bis workroom, with the object, as he said, of ascertaining which part of the skull a bullet would most easily enter. Mrs. Palmer (the mother of Mrs. Bertrand) hearing what appeared to be the reports of pistol shots, came down stairs with her daughter, and looking into the workroom — the door of which was opened to her daughter's knock — she saw much smoke, and observed the sheep's head en a side table. He ordered her away, and she left the house. Bume was aware that Bertrand was too well acquainted with the anatomy of the head as not to know whioh part of the skull a bullet would soonest enter. About the end of Sep tember, Jackson having obtained some money from Bertrand went away, Bertrand being led to believe that he was going to New Zealand via Melbourne. Before he went, Bertrand said to him, 'You would not like to be impli cated in a charge for the murder of Kinder,' and told him he must not be surprised at anything he might hear after he left. Jackson, instead of going to Melbourne, went to West Maitland. Kinder, who had been on leave of absence on account of iU health since the 23rd, was getting much better. He was at Sydney on the 2nd October, and returned in the middle of the day, quite sober. On the morning of that day Mrs. Bertrand went over to Kinder's taking the baby and nursegirl. In the afternoon, earlier than usual (at half-past 5), the nursegirl was sent back home with the baby. In tho evening Bertrand was 'at Kinder's, and tbey went out to a neighbouring public-house (Dind'*), but lift after being there about ten minutes, having had only one glass of ale each. Immediately before tbev went there, Kinder was seen in good spirits playing vritii liis children in front of the bouse. When they re turned (o the bouse, Bertrand walked up and down the room very fast, kept his gloves on, and had one hand in his pocket. He and Kinder began to talk about Kinder's busi ness affairs, speaking of New Zealand and reading letters. Whilst Mrs. Kinder and Mrs. Bertrand were standing at (he window arranging flowers in a bonnet, there was a loud report. Kinder was then sitting in a chair near tbe piano; a pistol dropped from his hand, and in his mouth Bertrand placed a pipe. That night, about 11 o'clock, Dr. Eichler (for whom a message had been left some hours previously) called to see Kinder, whom he found lying on a sofa iu a half- conscious state with a torn wound reaching from the maxillary angle up the right side of the head in the direction of the temple, about four inches in length, evidently caused by a pistol shot. There was no appearance of the entrance or exit of a bullet. The local arteries and nerveB were torn and the zygoma was loose. When the serious nature of the wound was explained and Kinder was advised to settle his worldly affairs, asd prepare to appear before his Creator, he Eank back in a kind of stupor. As Dr. Eichler, after dressing and cleaning the wound, was returning to the city, Bertrand, whom lie met at Kinder's house, accompanied him, and informed him that Kinder, who had been drinking, appeared to be in money difficulties, that the sight of gome letters had much depressed him, and that he was jealous of Jacksen, to whom he (Bertrand) had given some money to get bim out of the way. Next morning, at his own house, Bertrand told Bume uie news of Kinder shooting himself and, stating the particulars, said he had gone out with him to have a drink, and that before getting back to the house luiH shown bim a pistol, telling him that it was perfectly empty, although actually it was loaded. He placed a cap upon the nipple, and told Kinder to go into the room and frighten the ladies by pretending to shoot himself. He went in, continued Bertrand, and did so, and of course shot himself. None of the doctors, he added, thought the wound was inflicted by a bullet as none couM be found. On the Monday evening Berfrand told Kinder's servant not to fetch Dr. Ward as he would report it through the North Shore, and so Kinder would lose bis situation. Kinder told this girl that he had struck himself a severe blow with a stick, but she (bought she heard him say, when Mrs. Kinder was present, that he did not do it- She saw Ber trand trying to stanch the bleod, and he said he would go j for Dr. Wnght, ©n Tuesday morning he was visited by Dr. Wright, who was sent for and told that Kinder had shot himself. He saw the wound, the direction of which he described as upwards and slightly backwards. On the 4tb, Mr. W. F. Dind, a neighbour, went to Kinder's to ascertain whether it was a tact that he had shot himself. Outside the house mat Bertrand, who informed bim that it was true, and repeated the circumstance as to Us pecuniary embarrassment. Whilst tbey were talking, Kinder in a low tone called 'Bertrand,' upon which Bertrand said the doctors would not allow any one to see him. The same evening senior- constable Emerton, generally called ' ser geant' in this district, having that day first heard of Kinder shooting himself, went to the bouse, where he saw Bertrand. He found Kinder in bea osily smoking a pipe, and asked if he knew him. Kinder said ' Are yon the sergeant f' and Emerton replying in the affirmative, Kinder added '? What lies these people here are saying about me shooting myself, as I did not do it.' He Ibeo commenced to pull the bandage off his face, and Emerton, whilst assisting Bertrand to replace it, asked who did it, but Kinder made no reply. On leaving the room Bertrand said Kinder always accused his wife of doing it, and that Mrs. Kinder bad the pistol, but was too ill in bed to be disturbed. As they were parting Bertrand remarkid ' I suppose you won't say anything about this' till we see now it gefs on,' Emerton replied 'Ceitainly I shall— I shall report it to-morrow.' On the 5th Dr. Eichler again saw Kinder, found him con siderably better, snd perceived no indication of sudden danger to his life. He conversed with the dector in German, snd when asked bow the wsund happened said, ' I don't know,' or ' I don't recollect.' The same day Bertrand whilst in bis workshop took from his pccket a phial containing a white liquid which he said — (speaking to Bume) — was poison that he intended to give to Kinder, stating, at the same time, that he had frequently before given him pioison, but it bad never taken effect. He asserted that Kinder stuck out to the last that he did not shoot himself, and said he must not leave him too long for anybody else to speak to. In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand were at the house of an acquaintance, named Mrs. Bolertson, when Bertrand said he would go next day and say that he shot Kinder, Kinder died in the evening of the 6th, Friday, in the course of which day Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder were seen laughing together in a cab tbat was proceeding towards the Haymarket. On the 7th a coroner's inquest was held on tho remains, at which Bertrand, who was examined as a witness, said he saw Kinder place the pistol to tbe side of liis head ; that after the report tbe pistol tell from bis hand, but the pipe he had been smoking remained in his mouth. He also stated that Kinder was jealous of his wife, but that for the last six months she hsd never given him cause for the unkind manner be had towards her. UrB. Kinder, who also gave evidence at the inquest^ stated that the pistol produced Kinder bad always kept locked up in a chest of drawers. Bertrand swore that it was his ; that he gave it to Kinder, who the Friday previous asked for one w order to have some practice at bottles. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased, whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity sbtt himself with a pistol loaded with powder. On the 10th, Jackson, who bad read the report of the inquest, wrote from Wait] and to Bertrand, saying, in a letter marked ' private and confidential,' ' I am shocked, horrified, stunned at tbis denouement of your plans ; I little thought when you told mc not to be surprised at any thing after my departure that it would end in this. * * * If the jury had known one-half tbat I could tell them, this would ring through the whole of the civilised world. * * * As for the accomplice and accessory, I pity as mueh as blame ber. * * * A few words of mine to a magistrate, or a hint to the police, wonld be . sufficient to bring about a search into the affair, and cause you more (rouble than you can conceive. * * * * I seem to be a sort of accessory by the fact of concealing what I know, and still more what! suspect. That feeling is growing stronger every hour, and will burst forth unless you give me the means to get to some other land, where I may forget tbe horrors of this, as I could not remain ia a country wheie such a fearful tragedy was enacted. * * On the receipt of tbis send me £20, and 1 will get away by the Tararna, never to return. * * I consider you two are now onein eveiything.' For sending this letter, Jackson, who had offered to apologise, was soon afterjjjprotecuted by Bertrand and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. On tbe hearing of the case at the Court of Quarter Ses sions, Mrs. Kinder, who was a witness, swore that her husband had had no ground for joalousy of Bertrand. Mrs. Harriet Kerr, Bertrand's sister, who, on her arrival from Melbourne about the 20th October, went to reside at bis house, immediately after beard from bim of his attach ment to, and Intention to marry, Mrs. Kinder, and soou discovered the unlandsess with which he treated his wife. Bertrand, whilst Mrs. Kinder was at his house, told Mrs. Kerr, in her presence, that Kinder was sitting near lhe piano whilst the two ladies were at the window when be shot himself with one of a pair of pistols he (Bertrand) had bought in order that Kin [ dor night fight a duel with Jackson. On or about the 21st of October Mrs. Kinder left Sydney for Bathurst, whence ^ she kept up a correspondence with Bertrand, marked by occasional expressions of ardent regard for him, and denot ing a reliance upon his future services to make provision for getting her employment. Before they parted fie under took to keep for her subsequent perusal a diary, the nature of which will be shown by the following extracts : — i ' October 26th. — She is gone— 1 am alone; oh, my God ' did I ever think or dream of euch agony. * *? * I feel as if every kindly feeling bad gone with her— I do so bete all mankind. * * * Ellen, dearest Ellen, | I thank, 1 dare to thank God for the happiness of our last I few momcnis. * * * Thou art all I possess both in this life and in tlie next. Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within me, Beware how you trifle with my love. * * * I am terrible 'in my ven [ ftnKce, fir I coll on the powers of hell 'to aid their master in hie dire vengeance. * * * Do not fear mc, love; I would not harm thee — not thy dear self, but only sweep away as with a 1 scimitar my enemies, or those who step between thy love and mr. Think kindly of me, of my great failings.' See what I have done for thee — for my, for our love. Think of (Uat, and then doubt me if you can. * * ♦ * I have (bee, I know, but I crave my own darling to call thee wife before God and man. * * * In the train I read this paiagraph: — ' Francis Arthur Jackson, convicted of send lGg a threatening letter to Henry L. Bertrand, with the intent to extort money, sentenced to twelve months hard labour in Farramatta* gaol.' It pleased me ; I am satis fied j thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present. * * * * Jane told me after our quarrel about your laughing at him in Court, that whilst I was there, you laughed at him openly. If so, you will be his ruin, for 1 have not donj with him yet. * * * (27th.) 1 am very unwell to- day and suffer very much bodily pain. * * * I am in agonv, am doing no business, earning no money, and yet I icqulre so much. * * * I am now, by my own agonies, paying a debt to retributive justice. How and what I have made others suffer God only knows; but if I have, I richly deserve all I now feel ; and you. my love, have not you done the same ? * * * Dearest Ellen, I have been sometimes cruel, very apparently cruel ; but, my own love, it was requisite. You, of course, could not see that you were spoilt — spoilt by a heartless world. What did they care for your happiness, for your future ; all they \- did was to amuse themselves for the time being, and s* they flattered and pampered you, gave you your own way until you scorned and despised instead of respecting those who ought to have been a guidance to you. It was thus I found you, and my own love dis covered at a glance what was wanting. I, under the circum - stances of the case, considered it myduty, as I loved you, to do all in my power to destroy the influence and evil accu mulated by years of neglect. * * * You, my leve, are, doubtless, after your arduous journey fast asleep. Pleasant dreams to thee, my own love. Dream of the future, for in that do we both look forward to repent our sins and make peace with our God. I am sure he will help us to be good if we try with all our heart, with all our strength. * * * (28th). I knew you would be anxious to hear from me and that you would not be contented with a cold everyday letter such as tou could show your mamma ; so, my love, I send you that half-sheet for your own dear eyes to peruse * * * I am now alone with thy spirit, 'l'is 12 o'clock. Thou art perhaps asleep, or thinking of your own dear, loving Louis— thinking of the time when w« shall meet to part only in death. When will that time arrive ! It approaches surely, but with slow 6teps — but it will come — believe me it will I come as you believe there is a God. 1 have said it* * * (29ih.) Ob) dear Ellen, what would life be without thee, or even the hope of possessing thee ; that alone is food for tbe heart and mind. I talk incessantly of thee, I speak of thy gentle way6, of thy abilities, what thou canst do, what thy favourite airs ; all, all that recalls thy dear name has a charm for me. * * * (31st.) You have many times doubted my love, * * * but as years roll on thou wilt see — for there is a veii before thine eyes — what stead . fast true leve I have for thee, my life ; when I have accomplished all I promised then, and only then, you, my darling Ellen, will understand what 1 have done for thee, for our lovts. I look back at the past, and am myself astonished at what I have dared and successfully executed. Can you, will you say nfter tbat, that you have not faith in me ; that I am changeable, and could care for others betides thee, darling * * * Oh ! my own one, tiy to be good— very good ; to atone for thy past follies, for they were naught else. * * * Bat it i is not too late -, no, if you pray to God with a true repent ant heart to help you, 'love, I am sure He will. Oh, I dare not lift up my voice yet. 1 feel that I dare not as yet ask His forgiveness. So, Ellen, my dear wife, pray also for your husband. Supplicate our Saviour that He may soften my heart, and that he will suffer me to approach the Throne of Grace. I shall strive hard to be a good man. I want to be good, for I feel that if I do not 1 shall become entirely enslaved to the Devil— that soon there would be no hope for me either now or hereafter. * * * I speak a great deal of affairs to ruy sister. * * * She ia favour able to our divorce, and thinks that under all the circum stances it is the most kind thing I can do for Jane, 1 and in fact for all concerned. * * * (November 2nd.) Harriet awoke me this morning by placing a Ittter before my eyes. * * * I felt by instinct, before I saw the writing, tbat it was from my love. * * * My dear Ellen commences to feel how hard poverty is to'bear. * * * * I have my difficulties, and I feel them the more that I require so much. * * * Courage both of us. What is our love if the mere calamities of casual affairs upset us thus. I should feel ashamed of my love, of what I have done for it, if it were not different from that of others ; that is our only excuse on earth or in heaven for what we have accomplished. * * * Dear one, how glad X am that you suffer as I do from our separation. * * * (3rd.) Receive! a nice letter from my dear £llen. * * * The dear girl almost asks me to look after some sort of a situation [for ber] near or in Sydney. * * * I will try hard to get something for her to do. I trust I may succeed. Oh, is it not hard that through me my sweet Ellen is thus placed. * * * Adieu my Ellen, dream my love that we are locked in each others aims once more. * * * (5th.) Slept as usual, late, Jane is veiy good, and tries to make me as happy ana comfortable as she can. * * * We took Harriet, it being her first trip to Manlv Beach ; to the Fairy Bower we went. * * * I met on board the steamer Mr. Bellhouse, an old acquaintance of mine before maniage. I asked him to come to tea to-morrow, and spend the evening with us, * * (8th ) Thank God another day gone. What a weary time. How ever will twelve months pass? God only knows. My heart grows sick and faint when I look into the future. Oh, God, isthis thy retribution for our sins. Did I flatter myself that tbe Almighty would let me— a wretch like me — go nnpunished ; but I tell thee fate I defy thee, What do I care fbr aught only that 1 am with my Ellen. Oh, sweet angel, why art thou not near to soothe my an [ guish ? I do feel as if my heart was lent in pieces. Crushed; and then dark thoughts obtrude themselves be [ fore me, fiends rise and mock me ; they point to s gate, a I portal, through which I feel half inclined to go, but not yet, * * * No matter what thou hast been my child, I hold thee np as a true virtuous wife to me. * * * (10th.) While dressing, Mr. Wood (father of Mrs. Kinder) came; he walked down with mo to the North Shore ferry. I felt very Strang^. I went over in the Kinibilli. It brought a crowd of ideas, that I thought were buried for ever, back to my memory. Tbis is the first time I have been to the North Shore since poor Harry's funeral. I am standing on the deck, my face turned towards (be little house with the two chimneys, as I used to do when on wings of love I flew to the arms of my beloved. Oh my beflrt sinks within me when I recall our happy meetings aloee, and none by to interrupt us. Those were happy moments, but indeed alloyed with bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I was. I was mad. How could I bear to know that my Ellen, my own dear love, belonged to some one who had the legal right to do or say anything he liked with her. It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am. 1 looked around me, and saw people coming and going as thty used to do ; and, racked by these thoughts, surely there can no worse hell than our own con science. * * * Mr. Defries, when I went out with bim, spoke to me about our Bffair. He said he knew more about us than we imagined— that he had watched us all along, and that he thought it his duty to speuk to me on the subject. What I imagine is this that either Mrs. Robertson or Jane have hinted something to him of what they know. 1 thought it best to hear what he bad to say, so that I might be on my guard. He knows the truth of my love for dear Ellen, and also that Bhe loves me ; he also knows that I intend getting a divoroe. He begged of me, almost on his knees, to try and love my wife. He said that Ellen only cared for me for what use she could put me to, and (hat she had said so openly — that he could tell me things that would astound me— sufficient to make me give up Ellen altogether, and never see her again. I listened attentively to all he had to say, and when he had finished he said he felt for me as if he was my brother exhorted me, if I cared for my happiness in this world, and my eternal welfare in the next, not to be tempted by the Devil. ** * (12th) Took a waterman's boat over to North Shore, and made for Defries' house on foot, going through the bush the road I went through on ohb occasion' with my darling Ellen. * * * I once more fanciod she, the loved darling of my heart, was by my side. * * * Oh, Ged, what I Buffer. This love is terrible, it will kill me. * * * What excruciating agony intense bitterness of the past, aH that I possess of brain, nerve, and soul is devoted to this one object of my life. When shall tbe end arrive ? If need be I will sell my soul to Satan for thee, oh my dear one. What is the future to me, or my salvation. 1 do not want it unless my Ellen share it with me. * * * I glory in ruining both body and soul for the idol I worship and adore. * * * Dear, sweet EUcb, (he more they oppose us, the more will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will. I tell thee thou hast need of God's help indeed, if thou hast me for an enemy — I who value human life as I value weapons to be used when required and then thrown sway or destroyed, some, of course, being kept fer future use, if necessary.' After she left Bertrand also kept up a correspondence with Mis. Kinder, but only one ol hiB letters to her was found, and that written with a view to its being seen by her mother contained nothing of interest. Early one morning about the end of October -Bertrand went into his sister's bedroom and whilst she was ' 'Veering the baby, asked her to- sit on the side of the bed, as he had something to say to her, and then-he told her that he shot Kinder. She expressed her discredit of the statement and when he repeated it emphatically, she hid her face and wept. 'Don't cry,' he said, 'I don't regret what I have done, I would do the same to any man who stood in my way.' He admitted that after ahooting him, he put a pistol In his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and threw the niatol with which he was shot into the harbour. They Lad plannci it well.be added, 'and if ever it came before the public, it would not be believed* -He cautioned her not to let hiB wife know he had told her this, and in bis presence the wife never said anything about it. In the first week of November he invited to his house a former acquaintance named Bellhouse, and when he came next day told bim he was sorry for Kinder, but that he wanted him out of the way. He also told him that he was going to get a divorce from his wife, and being a powerful mesmerist, he had great influence over her. One evening Mrs. Bertrand drank some brandy and water given to her by her husband ; came out of the room, and with Mrs. Kcir retired to the bedchamber Quey both usually occupied. When she entered the room she sank into a chair quite exhausted, and, to the astonishment of her companion, immediately fell fast asleep. Mrs. Robertson, with whom the Bert rands were on visiting terms, was also told by Bertrand that he shot Kinder, and on the evening of tbe 15th of November he, with his wife and Mrs. Kerr, were at Mrs. Robertson's house, where they remained all night. After Mrs. Kerr had retired, and Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand had partaken of suppeT, he took a small card from Mb portemonnaie, threw it on the (able, and ordered his wife (o take it up. She hesitated and turned pale, but he insisted upon her taking it, and afterwards said it was the card Kmdor had in his hand when be was shot. That evening, as they went into the drawing- room, he waa excited, calling for Ellen, for Jane, and for Alfred (his assistant). He cried out, ' Bring the milk and mix the poison. I say, Ellen, you give it to him. I say tou are to give it to him. Don't wring your hands ; he feds nothing- now.' In the dining-room of Bertrand's house, one evening, whilst Mrs. Bertrand was lying on a sofa in a state more like stupor than natural sleep, again reverting to his propssed union with Mrs. Kinder, he said to Mrs. Kerr, ' I don't want to kill Jane ; but if I cannot get a divorce, I shall get up an adultery case with eome respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce.' That Mrs. Kinder was a bad woman he said he knew ; but it was because she was wicked that he must marry her ; he would make her a female poi soner — she was a second Lucretia. Pausing a little, and leaning; over his sister, he hissed through his teeth, ' Kinder did not die by the shot — we poisoned him. She (pointing to his wife, vho still lay on the sofa) mixed the jwison.' He said it would never be detected. Frequently he talked about seeing the ghost of Kinder, and when he saw jam on the table he made some allusion to blood. It was not unlikely he also said that before Mrs. Kinder went to Brisbane (as she was then about to do) she would see his wife's fimeraL Whilst at the house of Mr. Defries, North Shore, One evening, be acted in a most extraordinary manner, threatened to raise Uie ghost of Kinder, pretended to be the deviLand put on hideous grimaces, and made horrible noises. When he got back home that night, he vrent eut with Mrs. Robertson's leghorn hat on to get a lobster. He professed to have great mesmeric power, and said Mrs. Kinder was the best medium he ever knew. Another strange statement he made was that a dead man was in the house, and that -was (he reason there were so many flies about. Often he threatened to murder his wife, and to say that Mrs. Kerr did it. Since Kinder's death, Mrs. Robertson was a frequent visitor at Bertrand's house and he at her's. On several occasions when, late in the evenings, he accompanied Mrs, Rebertson to her house, he alluded to liis shooting Kinder, and also told her that it had been Mis. Kinder's wish that Kinder should bo shot whiist Jackson was in the house, bo that he might bo blamed for it. She at length became terrified by his recitals of the circumstances, and disliked to bear them. Having voluntarily made her cognisant of the crime, he admitted he then threatened (o kill her. On this ground, and being afraid of hiia, Bhe sought the pro tection of the authorities, who, in default of Ms finding sureties to keep the peace, committed him to four teen clays' imprisonment, which sentence he was serving when the charge of murder was brought against him. The body was exhumed at the beginning of December (two months after death), and examined by Dr. Eichler, Dr. AUoway, and Br. Alleyne. Besides the injuries discovered by Dr. Eichler before the inquest it was found that the ascending pertion of the lower jawbone was broken. Dr. Alloway was of opinion that this must have been produced by a bullet, or by some other hard substance. The direction of the wound too he held to be from behind forward and from below upward, thus again differing from Dr. Eichler, who asserted (he direction to be from tbe maxillary angle up towards the temple. Again Dr. Eichler was ef opinion that gunpowder ana wadding, or paper fired from a pistol cIoec to tbe face, would Ve sufficient to cause the wound, whilst Dr. AUoway held that the maxillary bone could not have been so injured without the use of a ballet or some hard substance. Dr. Alleyne, though IesE decided in this view, substantially agreed with Dr. Alloway in his con clusions. Dr. Eichler still retained the impression that Kinder inflicted the wound upon liimnplf, but so far joined in tbe conclusions of Dr. Alloway and Dr. Alleyne as to admit the possibility of the shot being fired by some one else, and also as to the possible use of a bullet. Dr. Alloway, however, maintained (hat the position must have been a most extraordinary one if Kinder inflicted the wound himself. That the wound was one tbat might or might not cause death, and that the patient's condition on the 5th October (as stated in evi dence) indicated a probable recovery, was concurred in by all three of these professional gentlemen. Dr. Eichler could not assign any visible cause or matter of fact to which he could attribute death on the 6th, and Dr. Alloway would not have expected death on that day after the favoarable change said to have been exhibited the day before. Mr. Watt, the analytical chemist, -who carefully examined the contents of the stomach after exhumation, discovered no poison, bnt said, however, that it was not inconsistent with the result of his analysis that death, which occurred two months previously, should be caused by poison of an organic nature, vegetable poisons being very rapidly decom posed in the stomach. Mr. Pallet addressed the jury for the defence, pointing out in limine the more than ordinary necessity in the present case for the jury to divest their minds of all prejudices, however loathsome or foul might be the impressions front circumstances so atrocious snd revolting as those elicited ia evidence, and to give a solemn, calm, n&y; religious con sideration to what had bees brought before them. There was this peculiarity in the case, that prisoner was tried on his own admissions. The theory of the prosecution was that prisoner, having been insanely impassioned of Kinder's wife, determined to possess her, even at the cost of the hus band's life ; but seeing that without this sacrifice he had possessed the woman, the basis of the theoiy was utterly struck away. Proceeding to analyse the evidence, he re ferred to the extraordinary but unreliable and uncorro borated testimony of Bume. If prisoner desired the destruction of Kinder it was highly improbable that, with his knowledge of subtle and deadly poisons, he would have gone through this filthy, vile melodramatic process of accomplishing the murder. Tbis witness must nave had his facts from the wretched melodrama he was in the habit of performing, not from actual life. If it be true, prisoner must have in his life carried on an extravagant career, only in keeping with the most scrofulous ef French novels. Bnt when he heard all this gasconading about prisoner's amours and adventures, he himself treated it as mere trash, unworthy of credence. It was not contended that prisoner was iiease ; if he perpetrated the crime he had no such insanity as would exonerate him from the operation of the law, but he was sufficiently insane to relieve him from any significance being attached to the extravagant statements he so frequently made. The sister's testimony showed that he was capable of lying assumptions of power supernatural and physical, that only the wildest maniac would pretend to exercise. After some remarks on the general character of self- accusing evidence, the learned counsel urged tbat as so many men of position and previous reputation liad invoked the tribunals by the publication of pretended crimes, some consideration might be reasonably allowed (he miserable utterances of a wretch proved to be a liar — a man to whose declarations of his own criminality a witness, who had known him for years, attached not the least importance. Without attempting to damage the cre dibility of Jackson's evidonce, he pointed oat that the action taken by Bertrand on tho receipt of the letter be sent was anything but that of a man conscious of guilt ; he might, if a murderer, bave quietly taken the apology offered, but he chose by prosecution to go into the midst of the police and accept the investigation of a court of law. In the madly wild gesticulations assumed by tho prisoner to terrify women, there might have been this idea — I am not fascinating, nor rich, nor famous, but I will undermine their chastity with ingenuity and power by terrifying them into acquiescence, by convincing them that I am a devil in infamy and agency. He was not a murderer ; murderers were made of sterner staff. They did not babble of their crimes ; the characteristic of each criminals was secrecy and stealth, not blabbing of the blood they had shed. If the jury believed the tales he told of the murder, how would they determine the mode in which it was accomplished ? He stated that Kinder shot himself, next that be put the pistol treacherously in Kinder's hand, (hat he Wmself shot Kinder, and again that lie poisoned him. The diary would show tbc extraordinary nature of this man's mind, how utterly worthless were his declarations— and how all truth-speaking had gone from him. There was an irresistible argument in the absence of Mrs. Kinder's testimony in this investigation. That dtaiy was written for her eyes 'alone ; in that he poured out hie nature: it was a revelation of bis soul. He would abandon bis wife, did not care for his children, this adulteress being all that he de sired. But it was impossible there was a bond of Jove be tween them, for if the theory of the prosecution be true, the bond was one ef fear of impending justioe. The case might be stripped of any consideration with regard to the pistols purchased by Burne. The pistol by which the injuries were inflicted was undoubtedly that produced at the inquest, and which it was admitted was that prisoner gave to Kinder. Another point, if looked at calmly'aud dispassionately, would justify any jury in pronouncing a verdict of not gnilty. If between the time Kinder received the wound «th1 the time of his death any human being went into the house, and Kinder being sane did not say that he was shot by Bertrand or somo one else, the case fer the Crown must fall to the ground. He must have known whether he was shot or not, and he had several opportunities of making it known. If prisoner had deter mined to murder thin man, he would have let him bleed to death ; but he did all a non- professional man could do to i preserve life. Tho learned counsel lastly dealt with medical ciidcnoc as to the wound, ta-which he coutcnd S1 little importance could be attached, not only on account of its indeciBion but ns it admitted the equal possibility o( (be wound being inflicted by deceased' or by anyone else. There was no proof that he died of poison, Tho loarnei counsel concluded his address by exhorting the jury to weigh well the matters he had submitted, to listen with sttentiveness to (he charge from tho Bench, and ex pressed his conviction that they would satisfy their con sciences, and by their verdiot do juBtice to society. Mr. Butler rose to reply, when the counsel fur the defenoe objected, on tbe ground of a decision by the Supreme Court, (hat counsel prosecuting for the Crown without a commission was not entitled to a reply. In compliance with a suggestion by his Htinor, who was in doubt on (he point, the counsel for the Crown consented to waive his right of reply. , The juiy, being consulted on (he subject, pioferred to lake hie Honor's chargc to-morrow (Friday) morning. Second Cobbt. BeforoMr. Justice Cheeks. BROUGHT UP FOB SENTENCE. J ohn S. Bead, master of the Queen of tbe Seas — convicted on Wednesday last of violently assaulting one of the sea men under his command on board that vessel — was brought up for sentence. Mr. Williamson, on behalf of the prisoner's attorney Mr, G, I' . Benbow, was in attendance. His Honor, in passing sentence, said that the jury hod only found the prisoner guilty on the second count. If they had not done so it would have been bis duty to have passed a much more severe sentence upon him than that which it had become Ms duly to award for the offence of which he had been found guilty. He thought it must be clear to all who had heard the case that the man Jansen had received brutal ill-treatment from the prisoner. If tho prisoner, under the impression that he was obliged to place the man in irons, in order to preserve the discipline of the ship, had h» d him so secured, it was, nevertheless, dear that ia bis ill-usage of him when so in ironB, he had acted with an undue excess of authority. He (Sir. Justice Cheeke) had consulted with the Chief Justice, and his Honor thought with him, that the mere infliction of a fine in such a oase would be abeurd. The sentence of the Court, therefore, was that the prisoner be imprisoned in Darlinghurst gaol for three calendar months, and, at the expiration of that term of imprisonment^ pay a fine of £50, or be imprisoned until such fine was pud. The prisoner was removed in custody. stealinq. Frank George was indicted for stealing & watch, a chain, and a purse from one Heinrich Jansen, a seaman, on board of the Queen of the SeaB on the 1st of October last. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. Tbe case for the Crown was conducted by (he Solicitor General. ' The witaess Heinrich Jansen proved that the articles mentioned in the indictment were stolen from Mm towards the end of September last. The prisoner denied that he had seen anything of the watch and chain which were missing. Another witness (John Morse) identified the bag in whioh the stolen articleB were found as belonging to the prisoner. The prisoner admitted to a constable that the bag had boon bis, but that he had given it to the second -mate — a man named Thomas— in whose cabin it was found. A written statement was handed in by the prisoner, as serting hi& entire innocence, pointing out that when he was questioned about the watch and chain, he had invited Jansen to search Ms bed and chest and person; the Dutchman was at that time quite convinced of Ms inno cence ; it was a story got up against Mm at the instigation of a man, named Brown, who had shown a malevolent feeling towards him. The prisoner called a man named Thomas, the second mate of (he Queen of the Seas, appointed when John Coiy was disrated. It was at the request of the prisoner tbat ho tool charge of the bag, and kept it in his cabin; prisoner asked him to take charge of the bag, saying he was afraid if he left it forward it would be stolen by some of the men ; witness never knew that the watch was there, if ho had he would net have allowed it to be put in his cabin ; when the watch and chain were found by (he constable, witness asked the prisoner how the stolen watch came to De there. Prisoner said, 'He did not know; somebody must have placed i t there.' Witness had st en a man named Paul Brown in his cabin, on one occasion at that bag, and had forbidden bim to go there again. [This Paul Brown had been subpocaned for the Crown, but had not appeared. A warrant had been issued for Ma apprehension.] The Judge summed up; and the jury, without] retiring from tbc box, returned a verdict of not guilty. sentences. Thomas Cavenagh, convicted on Tuesday last of fraudu lent insolvency, was brought up for sentence. The prisoner handed in a written statement that his wife had had an account in ber maiden name at the London Chartered Bank since 1860. Of this he knew nothing. Mrs. Cavenagh had, as it could be proved, been trading on her own account for some time past. His wife bad assured Mm that Mrs, Filmer had lent him the money he had had for investment since his insolvency. Sentence : Imprisonment in Maitland goal for two years with hard labour. Jamea Law, convicted of manslaughter, was brought up for sentence. Mr. Moore, the coachbuilder, gave the prisoner, who had been in his employ, the character of being a quiet peaceable man. The prisoner said that it was not he who had commenced the unfortunate quarrel, and that the deceased had struck him first. Sentence : Imprisonment in Sydney gaol, and there kept to hard labour for six months. Peter Hemmings, convicted of unlawfully wounding,, was brought up for sentence. Sentence : Imprisonment in Parramatta gaol, and there kept to hard labour for twelve months. David Brown, convicted of indecently assaulting a female child under ten years of age, was brought up for sentence. Sentence: Imprisonment in Darlinghurst gaol, and there kept to hard labour for two years. FRAUDULENT INSOLVENCY. Thomas Harris surrendered bis bail and claimed four days to plead (o a charge of fraudulent insolvency. Allowed time to plead, fresh bail being granted. Case to be heard at the next Criminal Sessions. The Court at its rising, adjourned until Friday, morning, at 10 o'clock. ? Friday, Before his Honor the Chief Justice, and a general jury. MURDER. His Honor this morning delivered his chargc. to (he juiy in the indictment against Henry Leuis Bertrand for murder. He agreed with counsel on both sides that there could not be conceived any case coming before a juiy that demanded more caution, or one in which, justice more re quired the absence of prejudice and preconception. It was Mgbly essential to truth, justice, and humanity that the frequently veiy difficult task of banishing such should be accomplished, as in the present instance the jury might be apt not only to have imbibed prejudices, but these might be strengthened by some matters that had transpired in evidence. It was, perhaps, impossible altogether to divest their minds of previously reoeived impres sions from evidence that exMbited a state of almost unparalleled wickedness, but unless they vigorously strove against them, the prisoner might be deprived of tbat justice he was entitled to. That he was wayward, eccentric, strange, unaccountable, auda cious, and reckless, there can be no doubt, and (hat the state of his mind was not absolutely sane, tbe jury would have no difficulty in concluding. On that ground, however, he could not be acquitted if the jury held him guilty of the imputed crime, although they could not escape the convic tion that his intellect was not sound. Regarding him as (he author of the diaiy, and if they believed this contained the outpourings of his mind, the jury must not take the picture of this man's mental state as portrayed by the counsel for (he defence, for there was before them not a man but a fiend, a monster in human Bbape. Against this con ception the jury wonld have to struggle, for though steeped inwickednesB and malignity scarcely equalled by that of (he Tempter of mankind, the question * to be dccided by the evidence was, did he murder Kinder ? The counsel for the Crown did not deny that portions of this man's conduct were irreconcilable with the idea of guilt, but admitted (hat they tended strongly to show innocence. For instance, there was evidence showing that he did tMngs tending to save the life be was charged with taking. He admitted (bat he supplied the pistol with which tho wound was inflicted. It was contended in the defence that in the whole diary there was no confession of guilt, or any allusion to a crime committed tbat would entitle the jury to conclude that it referred to this murder. The counsel for the Crown held that there were passages that admitted of this interpretation — obscure hints that might be explained on some hypothesis as having reference to a deed of dark ness. Supposing the wound was eelf-infllcte^ and prisoner prompted Kinder to fire the pistol himself telling him it was not loaded, or that whilst Kinder held it near him prisoner pressed it against his check so sb to effect its discharge at Ms head, the object and the criminality were the same— the attainment of this man's death, There were too many' circumstanoos to lead to tlie belief that he did desire it. Then it might be Bald if lie desired Kinder's {death, why did he stanch the Uood. Supposing Kinder shot himself and Bertrand had no hand in it, stiU his death must have been an object of desire, though, notwithstanding this, he adopted means to stop the bleeding which probably woul^ have destroyed the mm. But this must be added— sup posing Kinder fired tho shot could it be denied that at'jl prisoner rather desired his death than that he should 'jVe, Innooencomust be assumed whife ^ there was one sir.gle fact clearly inconsistent with the idea of guilt as against fifty circumstances tbat pnly tended -o show guilt ; and further, if a single circur jstance lea to a reasonable doubt, ^ the prisoner was entitled to its benefit. If tho jurv were - convinced that ho deBired tMs man's death, tbey [might w mprehend how he catnc to stanch tho blood which |0 au assumption of innocence. Had he allowed a i^ .an who 80 wouudesl himself in hie presonco to bleed to der ^h, he as a dentist, being acquainted with tho tneana of Stopping hemorrhage, might conceive ho ran some risk. O' c he might consider tho man in his power, that it ?frag pr 0bable he would die, and that then this would bo evidf of innocence. The stanching of tbe blood '''Vefore, though inconsistent with the idea of guilt, was r .ot conclusive of innocence. If in the diary indication® were discovered ef prisoner having dono the dood, the juiy might consider whether he would fitato it (Continued on page 13.) (Continued from, page t.) plainly, or only darkly bint ot it. The proMeu'Un of Jackson m tie act of a madman, and yet tho argument now need in pi toner's favour might have tuggesled itself to his mind, namely, that it a xu*.:rt of tlii* crime ho would point as an evidence of innoccnca to that prosecution. In tlio ordinary course of thing*, a nun guilty of Ibfs crime would have given tlio £20 .Tackion ie quired for his silence, but hero prisonor showed impnider.ee, audacity incredible, tho nature and extent oC whidh wsb inconsistent with his innocence. If guilty, it was .unparalleled rashness eo to rush into tho jaw* of destruction. He most have felt that it would Iea4 to further ipquiry. ,If prisoner wan a guilty man, his w«.-s a remarkable example (if the saying, 'Quern Deus vult por dere, jnriuc dementat.'1 The jury were bound to consider whethcr-tbis proceeding was an indication of innocence — whether they could gtt rid ot the supposition that, unlita moetmen, his revenge was such (hat be xvould gratify it at any. cwt, and. that having got this man down, be imagined that anything he said against him would not believei. This point, like that of stanching the blood, rented on the thres hold of the Tory's deliberations, and they must get rid of it before proceeding to other matters. Jackson's testimony must be received with caution, with a tendency to distrust, but yet the question must necessarily occur — is he a witness ef trnth. After all, Jackson said no more than other wit nerses whose o»idcnoc peinted to guilt. There was perhaps nothing eo revolting in this case as the fact that tbis woman (Mra. Kinder) whilst living with her husband shonld be challenged to express ber preference for one of two para mours in their presence. His Honor now quoted portions of the diary, commenting upon them, and pointing ?ut their bearing upon the case. He flhowed that the consummation of the union for which prisoner .seemed eo anxious would involve the death of Kinder, and Mrs. Bertrand, or a double divorce. When prisoner said ' If I have made others suffer, God only knows,' and ' have not you done the same,' it indi cated evidently something they had done jointly. It might refer to their criminal intercourse, or to the suffering of Kinder. There was nothing to show that Kinder had any suspicion .of his wife's intercourse with prisoner, The passage, ' Dream of the future, for in that do wo both look forward to repent our sins,' admitted of the interpretation that be alluded either to some other sins or to tne crime with which he was charged. Ho says, speaking of their prospective union, '? When will that timo arrive— it will come, as you believe there is a God — 1 havo said it' — thus affording a revelation of the working of this nan's mind that it was very important to con sider, It amounted to this, ' I say a thing and it will surely cone to pass,' and it would be recollected that he said to one witness that all things were possible to a determined man. There were several passages that might allude to the adultery or to the killing of Kinder, but that in which he spoke of what the power of love could perform waB puro nonsense, befitting only a madman. In this diary, he ppokc of bfing ' horribly jealous of Kinder,' because he hod (be legal right to do or say anything iie liked to the object ot his passion, and thiB feeling he expressed to his sitter. He says, ' It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am.' ' Racked by these thoughts,' he added, ' surely there can be no worse hcM than one's own conscience.' It was not that he repented of the sin of intercourse with this woman during her husband's lifetime— he gloried iu that, end spoke of their interviews as 'happy moments' — the reference wni to some crime. It might be the killing of Kinder, but it certainly might mean something else. After reading some farther extracts, his Honor drew attention to a topic of deep importance. Be said confessions were rarely to be relied upon ; but a jury must consider the circumstances. The prisoner boasted of his guilt, and had narrated the mode of his pro cedure. The jury would have to decide upon the proba bility of the truth of his statements, and to satisfy them selves on tbeto points. Is the victim dead or living — was the prisoner near tke spot when the crime was committed — had he a motive for iu commission ? If so, why not be lieve hiB confession ? There might be an object ia confes sion. Of this there was the recent instance of M'Encroe, who said he set fire to the Cathedral. It might be that if prisoner did the act be was suddenly struck with remorse, or confessed as a means of saving his life. The jury might arrive not only at tbe conclusion that he might have made this statement of guilt being innnocent but, if there was nothing else in the case tending to his condemnation, they must irresistibly como to that decision. But tho question was whether, notwithstanding that some of bis sctions were inconsistent with guilt, there were not circumstances showing a strong motive, as his passion for this woman whom he yearned to make ex clusively his own. For this ho said he would do anything. With regard to Jackson, he, under the pressing temptation of poverty, told bis willingness if he got £20 to abstain from stating all he knew of prisoner's connexion with Kinder's death. An upright man would scorn to take money on this ground. He asked for the means to get away from thisscene of horrors. It was, however, quite plain that if this £'20 had been given, prisoner would not have been safe. Jackson might bave betrayed him, and have adduced this &i;(t of hush money as conclusive damning evidence against him. It was not until he was in the bands of the police, tbat Jackson offered to withdraw all he had said. It was said that Burne was not to be believed, fiewas a clever but narrow -minded young man apparently, having a memory stored with dramatic incidents, and that he was on the highway to destruction waspretty clear. But did he in his testimony peijnre himself f He said things that were incredible enough, but were they incredible as referring to the conduct of such a man as the prisoner ? It migh : seem strange that he should go in disguises, attired aa a female, buy pistole, and that be should get a sheep's head to fire at: but these circumstances were substantiated by other evidenco. So with regard to the night excursions to Kinder's house. 6uch things might be ex pected of a very eccentric wild individual. Be might have thought that if ho eaid tbat he shot Kinder be would not be believed, and that the feet of his making such a statement would lead to an im pression of his innocence. It was, however, very difficult to judge of this man's conduct by the rules that would guide one in judging of the condufct of other men. It was a matter utterly immaterial as far as the guilt was concerned whether Kinder died of the wound or by poison ; but the jury ought to have a clear idea of the agency by which the death waseffected. Again, it might have been expedited by poison. Of this there was no evidence except the exclama tion made by prisoner whilst in a state of excitement. It might be probable or not, but the jury were not to condemn a man on probabilities without evidenoe. If poison was administered by some other person, not by prisoner, and tbe death was thereby accele rated, still Kinder might have died from the wound, as the injury was pronounced sufficient to cause death, although it seemed atone time that it would not be fatal, It must be leeollecled that oil one occasion prisoner said he had poisoned himself. Dr. Wright, who attended him, stated that the assertion was untrue. If this pistol supplied by prisoner loaded by himself with wadding, powder, and bullet, wflB given to Kinder with a representation that it was not loaded, end Kinder was told to discharge it near his head and death ensued, that would be murder. If he intended tbat Kinder should shoot himself, and by the slightest pressure from 'behind pri soner effected the discharge of the pistol with a similar result, that also would be murder. As to (he motive for suicide, it was said that Kinder was jealouB, of which there waB no evidence, and that he was in pecuniary difficulties. There was some testi mony pointing to tbis. But was it likely that he wo aid shoot himself in the presence of a man and two women r Bad he no suspicion of the dentist and his own wife, that he should shoot himself in their presence, and why not put the pistol to his ear ? Why if be chose to destroy him self shonld he fire in tho extraordinary way indicated by the direction and character of the wound. His Honor made some remarks with regard to the evidenoe of Burne, whom ke declined te treat as a witness un favourable to the prosecution, the reason being that although this witness added to his evidence the assertion that he placed no credence in the extravagant statements of prisoner, the witness explained that he had not had an opportunity of stating it in his evidence before. His Honor then proceeded to read tho evidence, making a few com ments in passim;. The jury were not altogether to dis regard prisoner's statement at the inquest, but, with regard to the verdict at the inquest, it must be borne in mind that the diary and some of the letters were not thou in evidence, He pointed out, as a somewhat significant matter, that Kinder, when wounded, desired Bertrand to attend him, and this, it might be argued, was inconsistent i with the idea that Kinder knew he was shot by Bertrand. J But in evidenoe it appeared that Bertrand himself said Kinder j always accused bis wife of doing it, so that if Kinder was nnder this impression he might nave no repugnance to Bertrand's services, In conclusion, his Honor exhorted the jury to carefully consider what had been'advauoed on behalf of prisoner, as well as that urged by the Crown, and asked them to determine whether deceased died of wounds inflicted by prisoner or through hie agency, or by poison alone when he was recovering. They must decide whether they believed prisoner's oonfessions taken in connection vote the circumstances in evidence, and whether as against these statements there were any circumstances that had a tendency in prisoner's favour. 1 The jury retired at 1 o'clock. The Chief Justice, at two o'clock, said he had ascer tained that the jury were not likely to agroe. He therefore adjourned tho Court until 6 o'clock that afternoon. If is Honor also stated that the jury then in attendance would cot be required until Monday morning next at 10 o'clock, when, as there would be two Courts, both panels would be required. The Oourt reassembled, pursuant to adjournment, at 5 o'closk. When the doors were thMwn open, there was a sudden rush of peoplo who had been waiting outside, and the Court was at once densely thronged with spectators. A great number of persons, however, remained without wholly unable to obtain admission. Tho juiy having been sent for by bis Honor the Chief Justice, were called over andaskei ! if t) ey were agreed on their verdict. The foreman of the jury said that they were not agreed. His Boson asked if thoy were likely to arrive at a verdict toon, or whether it was thought that they would continue to disagree? It wsb intimated on the part of the jury that they were not likely to agree. There were some jurors who dissented from the opinion of the majority. His Honob said (hat ho did not wish to know on which side (he majority waa, but be dosiiud to make a few obser vations. It was the duty of every juror to make up his irind as to the verdict whioh ho could conscientiously agree to ; aye or no, guilty or not guilty. If there were two or three jurors who were dis juootiopt from llie mnjuitv of Uie jury, it wuUtil, in tnch a case, be their duty to see whether Ihe , doubts which they entertain od were or were not such as ' might be resolved by conferring with the majority. Sup potiag that there was an agreement on the part of the jury as to fact that the death of Kinder had taken place from one of the two causes assigned, then it was fur them i o consider whether it was or was not one of tbe two persons ?? present wbo caused that death. If they shonld agree that ' it was one of these two porsona that had caused the man's ' death, then let it be seen, from a careful consideration of all the circumstances as disclosed in evidenoe, which of these two it was whose antecedent course of action had been such aa appeared to lead to the conclusion that he or sbo was the guilty party. If the case was so looked at, and considered with an honest desire to arrive at a definite c -n- clueionas to the guilt or the innocence of the accused, he hid no doubt but that tbey would soon arrive, aa they ought, at a verdict. The jury again retired, and on their reappearance in the Court at 6 o'clock, it was ascertained from tbe foreman that they were still disagreed. They were consequently lockod up for the sight. The Court adjourned until 10 o'clock to-morrow morning (Saturday), when bis Honor will attend to ascertain the result of tneir deliberations. FfcAtllttiLEUT INSOLVENCY. John Steadman was arraigned for having been giutty of an act of fraudulent insolvency on the 24th October last, with intent to defraud one John Wallis and others, hie creditors. Tbe accused pleaded cot guilty, and was remanded till Monday for trial. Destitute Children's Asylum. — Master Molteno, the Australian infant musician, performed at the Bandwick Asylum on Wednesday, in presence of all the children, aud of several of the directors and lady visitors. He was accom panied on the piano by Mr. Henry Marsh. The music we need not fey wss exoeuent, and was a groat treat to the children, who were truly astonished to recognise such talent in one eo young as some of the youngest of their own number. The Eatjiurst Hospital. — From the report of the proceedings of the annual general meeting of the subscribers to the Bathurst Hospital, held on Wednesday evening last, it will be teen that the chronic embarrassments which for years had hung round that institution have, in the most practical form, been entirely removed. The report con tained the most satisfactory matter-of- fact statements. The debt at the commencement of 1865, amounting to £163 13s. 2d., b as been liquidated ; tho ordinary expenses of the institution for tbe year (£739 18s. 7d.) have boeu defrftjei ; a new wing has been added to the main build ing, at a cost of £231 Os. ; furniture for tbe new dispensary, and sundries for the kitchen, have been purchased, at an outlay of £96 13e. OJd ; the old portion of the building has undergone a thorough cleansing and repair, costing £23 15s. Cd. ; seats for the accommodation and comfort of the convalescent have been provided and placed in Ihe verandah, at an expense of £12 14s. ; a substantial end compact new fence has been erected, completing t he in closure of the entire establishment, and for which £3 14s. has been paid; and tbe treasurer has still in hand, whercvilh to eonnntr.ee another year, a balance of over £76. Prosperity has in this cafe resulted from exertion. Foimuly the representatives of the institution struggled helplessly under the miserable burden. Last year the com ? rnilK e resolved, as with tho indomitable will of one man, to face, to light with, and to overcome the difficulty. They raw that they must either do ihis or come to a dead lock; and once fairly determined npon, the work was half done. It is fully expected that of the expense incurred by the erection of the new wing, one-half— £115 odd — will be ob tained from the Government, in which case the balance to ' the credit of tbe institution, including the other half of that amount (which, it is hoped, will be collected for that special purpose) will then be augmented toabout£t50. The report explains that (hough the cost of the new erection has been temporarily met from the ordinary funds of the institu tion, as appears by the balance sheet, yet a few gentlemen nave made provision, in the shape of a cash credit bond, to repay the amount (£231 9b.; to the committee; those gentlemen depending on the liberality of the public for one-half of this supplementary and special part of tbc outlay. In prosecuting their werk du:ing the lost } ear, (be committee bave bad bo new motive to urge upen subscribers. They eotild only say, as they bad often said, tbat (he hospital was in debt, and they wanted to piy it; but, Fonsehow or o'her, they succcedcd in raising, from subt criptions ? clone, over £-500. Assistance from other sources— the amateur Christy Minstrels in particular — enabled them to raise tho funds to £663, which amount they mean to increase to £700. The parliamentary grant for the year has been increased from £400 to £700. These, then, are tbe general items which together have placed the Bathurst hospital in prosperous circumstances ; and we bave co doubt the public of the district will endorse the congratulations which were offered to the active committee of 1S65 for (heir exertions and their success. — Bathurtt Free I'rtss. Sir Chables Dam.ing and the Bailiff.— Subjoined from tbe Melbourne papers, is the official report of the bailiff who had the honourof being sworn at by Sir Charles Darling a few days ago : — 'I, Richard M'MUlan, of No. 86, Chancery-lane, in the city of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, agent, do solemnly and sinoerely declare that, from instructions received, I attended at the Treasury on Monday, the twenty-ninth of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixty six, and requested to see his Excellency the Governor, and was presented to him by Captain Tyler, who immediately afterwards withdrew. I then said: — *1 beg your Excellency's pardon for intruding, but I have a certificate from the Prothonotary of the Supreme Court, to the (Sect that one William Joseph Ecroyd has recovered a judgment against her Majesty the Queen for the sum of five hundred and fourteen poundB five shillings and seven-pence being the amount of verdict and costs and I at such time then and there produced and showed to his Excellency such original certificate. His Excellency then became veiy ex cited, snd eaid, 1 It is like your damned impudence to ceme te mc on such business. I will have nothing to do with it.' He then got up from his chair, and walked qnickly up and down the room. I said, ' I beg your Excellency's pardon. I hope I have said nothing to cauEe you any uneasiness ; but my instructions from Mr. Wyburn are to request jour Excellency to cause that amount to be paid out of the consolidated revenue of the colony.' His Excellency then said, ' Tell Mr. Wyburn it is like his damned impudence to attempt such a thing ; and if you don't leave this room immediately, I will have you put out ' ; and he then called aloud, ' Captain Tyler, Captain Tyler,' and at the same time pulling the bell vio lently. I said, * I have to thank jour Excellency for the interview ; but I am only obeying my instructions, and there is no reason to call assistance. I will withdraw im mediately.' I then wished his Excellent^ good afternoon, and retired. And I make this solemn declaration con scientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of on Act of the Parliament of Viotoria ren dering persons making a false declaration punishable for wilful and corrupt peijury. — ' R. M'Millan.' ' Declared at (he city of Melbourne thiB thirty- first day of Januaty, one . thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, before me— J, Blackwood, J.fV ' JoiTiKOfi tJtou BbWEtf, Poet Denison.— The cor lespondent of the Guardian writes as follows, dating his communication the 25th of January:— The steamer Sou chays put into port on the 12th instant ou her first trip to Batavia, bearing the mails for Tintia and England via Tor res Straits. While the initiation of this ne w route is mat ter for congratulation to the entire colony, it is more parti cularly so to the residents at this port and in this district; for we look to it as (he means of bringing them into notice, and drawing them that traffic which their capabilities give us fair promise of their eventually commanding. — Mr. Wil liam Landsborough is at present at a neighbouring station on his way overland to the Gulf country. There will shortly be no terra incognita within the colony. — Sinoe Christmas the weather has been more or less showery, on some dayB (he rain was continuous. The rivers are all ia flood, and consequently impede traffic. The last few mails for the Eurdekin country bave been stopped at that river. It is particularly disagreeable to have to travel in such weather, the bush being hollow and every hole filled with Water. Long rwidents say we may expect this rainy season to lust for three months. There is great scarcity of money in ihis district, and there is prevalent a want of confidence in commercial circles. This of course depresses trade — I presume it is but our share of the general tightness. Among matters of local enterprise I am glad to observe ths importation nf rams, from the famed flocks of Fisher, of South Australia. These have been selected and brought to the North by Mr. R. A. M'Kinlay, of the Upper Burdekin. They are at present in quarantine, but will shortly be exposed for public sale. Collections by such an acknow ledged judge will be sure to result in improvement to the flocks of the district. Tbe municipal accounts of Bowen for the past half-year have been printed. I see that from the proceeds o&fiand; sold within the municipality, the cotincil have been enabled to expend during that time £2575 in forming (he approaches to the principal streets of the township. The Church of England here have obtained tlio settlement of tho Rev. Mr. Searle. Ho comes from Invercargill, N. I., and has been sent us by tho Bishop of Sydney, in whose diocese our district is. 1 reoord with regret tho death of Mr. James Landsborough, j. P. It took place two weeks since, it Sonoma, on the Bowen. The deceased gentleman, who only lately left Port Curtis to settle in our district, was generally esteemed and is much rejretted. Wc have been requested to call special attention to a large and extensive sale of valuable Freehold Properties in the city of Go&lbnn;), advcitised for positive sale by Finlayand Co., at their rooms, Market-square, Goullurn, on Thursday, 2-uil February, at » o'clock, ? ? An extraordinary phenomenon occurred lately in the Forest of ChantiUy. A waterspout passed across the forest in Ions than five minutes, destroying almost everything in its passage for a width of SO yards and a length of nearly five miles. About 600 trceB, many of them oaks of large size, were either broken off doBe to the ground or torn up by the roots and shivered to splinters. Two of Uie rides reserved for exercising the horses of MM. Lupin and Aumont are so blocked u^- with tlie broken trees as to be altogether impass Wateb and Health in Towns.— Dr. Guy, the well known lecturer on public health, waa in the habit of at* tending 'Windmill -oourt, Rosemary-lane, two or three times a day fbr fever cases. About twelve months ago it was well sewered and supplied copiously with water, and the court regularly washed down twioe a week. In seven months previous to this being done he had attended forty one eases of fever in that court, and ' in tho five months I following there had bent but two cases. — Chamber f Journal, 