: TABLE TALK. SS. STEPuaIeN'S CHUctRl.-The external ' and internal alterations and improvements in St. Stephen's Church are now complet. ed,and the service, the first time for months, will be conducted there on next Sunday. The ceilings and walls have been finished in a style reflecting the highest credit on our Portland artisans. CONCERT.-We would direct attention to the Amateur Concert advertised to come off on Thursday next, at Mac's Hotel, in aid of the Benevolelt Asylum. In our report of Saturday's Committee meeting it will be found that a sum of £250 has been received from Government, but the outstanding liabilities amount to double the amount, so that the concert is needed. Portland patronage has never yet failed in an emmergency of this kind, and we anticipate an overflowing house. BENEVOLENT AsYLUM.-The Committee met at noon on Saturday, L. Clarke, Esq., V.P., in the chair. The Superintendent reported the inmates for the week at 18 males and two females, one man discharged for drunkenness, and three admitted. The Chairman reported that £250, part of the Government grant-in-aid, was now in the hands of W. A. Moore, Esq., the Pay master and Receiver for Portland. Messrs. Barclay, Manning, and Cooper were ap pointed a finance committee to examine and report on the accounts,--to hold office till the end of June next-a statement to be brought up on next Saturday, and the money in hand disbursed pro rata, in pay ment of the outstanding accounts. H. R. Barclay, Esq., Superintendent of Police, handed in £5 4s., country subscriptions; the items appear in our advertising co lumns. The Chairman reported that a concert in behalf of the asylum, on Thurs day, 3rd May, would be given at Mac's Hotel, by Herr Collin and a number of amateurs, and that in the meantime the committee must use due diligence to sell the tickets, which were fixed at 4s,-a deduction to be made in the case of fami. lies and young persons. Rev. J. Y. Wil-. son reported that he had already ordered the programmes and tickets for the concert from Mr. Patmore, but that the advertise ment should appear in both the local papers if so ordered by the committee. The order was given, and the tickets directed to be distributed amongst the members of com mittee, AcCLMArTISATboN.-The council of the Aeclimatisation Society was held yesterday ; present-Dr. Black, Colonel Champ, Messrs. F. S. Dobson, H. Box, and A. Purchas. A letter was read from Mr. William Black, of Oameru, saying he had sent over per Alhambra, some Paradise ducks and Maori hens for the society. Mr. Ramsbottom at tended the council, and reported that he had visited Riddell's Creek, at Sunbury, and found it suitable for the reception of the trout ova. Mr. Clarke is now prepar ing the necessary breeding boxes for the ova. The secretary reported that Dr. Mueller had prepared the Wardian case of auricarias for transmission to the secretary of the Agri Horticultural Society of Bengal, and that, with the kind permission of Cap tain Farquhar, the case would be forwarded per Madras. A vote of thanks was passed, by the Council to Captain Bayley, of Galle to whom the society is indebted for many valuable services rendered throughout the last four years. The applications for the collectorship throughout the country dis tricts were opened, and Mr. Robert Burke was unanimously chosen to fill the place. Tes GaOs asetsy.-A ghost, but whether it is the one that visited us two or three years ago, or a new one, we are unable to say, has been samusing itself in the streets nightly, for the past two or three wbekv. The latest re ,ort w have of it more than verges on the marvellous. We are told that on Friday night, it was seen in an enclosed yard in T) era-street, it was dressed in white, with a white cap tied under the chin, and was grop. ing about as it in search of something. The noise of a door opening startled it, when it leaped the tInce, and lo ! the white figure in the act of leaping turned black. The young person who witnessed this wondertul trans. tormuatioe, ran to the tront of the haouse, and was just in time to see the figure crossing the street, erect, but with something like thie me. sion of a kangaroo. liHe also states that the ghost is about tile height of a "muedlem sised mall." PoLICS MAeOSTvaTBq.-On the item, as lated in t:e 1,riuled Estimates of 81,687 10s for police mragstrates and wardesl, in the Assembly on Tuesday, 24thl inst., tle Govern ment proposed to make a reduction of seven in the nuu ber of magistrates, which would dlecresse the amount required to L37,5~0. The Attorney-General said, 'It was proposed that police magi~rstraes ashould travel about more than they did at pyiresent, as there were lew ditaicets in whtch there asa sulicient wo k for snuch otfficials. In the neighbour. hood of Mlelbourne, the police msgistrates went about trona one petty sessions to another asd the tendency of tile practice was to pru dute a unitormity of dectaioits. It washoped that, by an extension of that system, an iat- I provcnent would be made in time couusry dis- 1 tricts. Thus Portla.,d, Bilfast and Warr-t nambool had at present each a police asagis- t trate, end it waus believed taet une usagitrate could do the duty of aU lltree places. It was also hoped that the duty of the police ,sagis trlate of Steiglita could be Ieroraued by tile magistrate 05 Geelong. He believed that iu I Liverpool withl its large population, there was but even one; and tlat in London the proe portion of such migistrates to the population was much smaller than in any, of the large towns of Victoria. Fiaisy, it was thought that one police magistrate would be sufficientu for Mellboarne, but that was a matter for turther cusi-deratioa." Alter some discue sion the item was agreed to. FtxA ASD HarrP DaRSLeNG MAcsINE Y. I Thle first steam flae and hemp dressiug : machinery ever established in the colony (says the Geelosy Register), commenced 5 work on Thursday, at Bellerine, at the I old mill near Dryadale. The trial result[ wasveryauoesaful,abouta hundred weight I of the rotted straw being cleaned very i quickly and- perfectly. With the appli. ances which' Mr. M'Andrew has at pre sent, he will be able to turn out a ton of fibre weekly. It now only remains for farmers to produce the raw material in sufficient quantities to keep the manufac. turer going. In the neighbourhood of Melbourne several p?rsons have for the last year or two been growi ? flax solely for the seed to fatten stock with, I.iaktiug use of the straw for litter. NEWLY DIscovrRED FISHINO GROUND, The Argus of the 25th says :-Last Monday, when H.M.S. Lcelia was sur. r veying the western entrance to Western I Port, about a mile to the W.N.W. of Black Bock (or Seal Rocks), a schnapper ground of very large extent was dis covered, with abundanoe of fish. Infor mation was given to the fishermen stationed at Flinders, and although the ground is dangerous they have been fish ing ever since, and have been very suc. cessful. When H.M. boats visited Black Rock, the, landing on which is rather dangerous, there were hundreds of seals disporting ýhpopselves in the water andon the rocks, some of them as large as bul. looks. What with the abundance of fish and seals, Flinders would make a very lucrative fishing-station for a large num ber of courageous and enterprising fisher men. AERATED BAEAD COMPANY.--A special meeting of the Aerated Bread Company says the Herald of 25th, was held yester day, on the premises of the company, Bourke street west, for the purpose of winding up its affairs. Mr. W. M. Bell occupied the chair. He stated that the meeting had been called because of the want of funds, through the capital of the company being too small. That with which they had started had been consum ed in getting machinery and setting the company's works in motion; it was not a failure, so far as the bread was concerned, that caused them to cease their operations. A resolution to wind up the company was then passed, and the directors were ordered to calls for tenders for the purchase of the plant; after which the meeting ajourned. As EDITOR HoasawaIPPED.-In our Thursday's issue it was stated that the Editor of the Argus had been whipped and the flagellator fined £5 and three guineas costs. The following details we extract from the Age of 25th :-The Rev. Mr. Jarrett editor of the Argus, was horse whipped in the Parliament yard, yesterday afternoon, by Mr. Thomson, the chairman of the late meeting held in the Eastern Market. It appears that the Argus accused Mr. Thomson of having been at one time the public flagellator at Point Pure, in Van Diemen's Laud, and that insertion was refused to a letter contradicting this state ment, and proving, by documentary evi dence, that it was false. Smarting under a sense of this injustice, Mr. Thomson dealt with the editor in the manner above described. Vtcrosa.t Rat.wavs.-The iport of the Roard of Land sad Works for the year 1865, with reference to the Victorian Railways, says the llerutd of the 25th, was laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly yester day. From this document we learn that the debentures issued amounted at the Slt De cember amounted to £8,190,745, and the net revenue for the year was £329,191 1ts 7d., or 4.024 per cent. upon the debenture capital. The gross revenue of the lines for the past year was £585,476, being an increese of £69,939 upon that of 1864. The'working ex peases show an increase of £13,000 over those of 1864, and amount to £256,284 ; bbt the percentage of working expenses to receipts, which in the previous year was 47f per cent., was reduced in 1865 to 431 per cent., and the net revenue was £829,192, or an increase of £56,875 upon that of 1864. The increase in the working expenses was due solely to an increased expenditure of £5000 upon main tenance, and £8000 under the head of loco motive power arising from 150,000 additional train mleage. At fifteen stations of the forty four now open, there was a falling off in re venue amounting in the aggregate so. £17,455. The greatest failing off had been in the re venue of the Sandhurst station, which had decreased £10,641, or 15) per cent This was due to the opening of the Echuca Rail way. The whole of the remaining twenty five stations showed an increase of £88,505, and the highest percentage had occurred at eight of the way-side stations. The gross receipts of the Mlurray line for the past year were £345,875, or an increase of 250,207 upon that of 1864. The working expenses amounted to £133,173, being an increase of £13,400 upon the previous year.. ST?AUIxN. MAacaxE?-The hon. mem ber for Portland, Mr. Aspinall, occasionally gets some rather hard knocks in parliame:t. In the discussion on the tr.dy production of the Governor's dispatches, Mr. Aspinall said~:--He did not know why the despatches-had bqea kept back, ?aless it was to enshiD the Governor to steal a march on the gentemen who were politically op posedto- hia . Mr. Verdon said if the non. and aleared member for .Portland talked about atealing marches, he would remind him:tlhat hewas one of those who had, the night before a mail left, caused a memorial to be presented to his Excellency to' be sent home, the object of which was to bring about the recall of the Governor. (Cheers) He was one of those who had asked his Excelleaey to send home r memorial before he had-time to read it. It was known that that memorial wa kept ready in a certain hewspaper ofice to send by the mail; and more, that it wassent by the mail (Chlas.) Let not the hon member talk about stealing marches, when he himself had been a party to that memorial which had reflected not only on his Excelleney, bat on the people at large. (Cheer.) Let it be undterstood that these were the gentlemen who now accused his Excellency of steal ing a march on them. Surely they might be content with the success o" thbir devices, without being ao eager to see all that had been so trutafully said of them withheld from the English public. Was it matterof so gi&at;:doncern to them that these -things should be said 1 Surely in the time which would elapse beforue the next mail arrived in England, their characters would not be damaged. Of all things, let it be under stood that if it came to a question of steal ing march',, the hon. and learned member for Port'iand had already distinguished him sel£ He (Mr. Verdon) could tell him that to fight him and his party it was not neces sary to steal marches on them : they were to be beaten without tricks. (Cheers.). 