CHRISTIANITY AND THE LIME LIGHT. " Oh dear ! in scones sensational like these, Always oblige us with the lime- light, please." — Ivanhoe, Burlesque. Great are the uses of chemistry. Its learned Professors have been among the chief agents in the social progress of mankind. Their marvellous discoveiies — from the time of the Araoians to the present day — rank among the proudest triumphs of human ingenuity. They have added to the comforts, and increased the luxuries, of our daily existence ; and if they are responsible for gunpowder, are we not indebted to them for Pepper's Ghosts and iErated Bread ? Hitherto, however, these magnificent results of science have been confined to extremely practical uses. No one, — till the present day, — ever dreamt of applying chemical discoveries to the elucidation of moral or mental problems — to the illustration of difficulties in history or philosophy — or to the inculcation of religious truths. We have not yet heard of a student of Geometry being helped over the "Asses' Bridge" by means of chemical apparatus, or of perpetual motion having been discovered by a felicitous combination of chemical substances. But a new era has already dawned. A lecture was delivered recently by a reverend gentleman on the history of Daniel. Oxyhydrogen lime light was brought into requisition to illustrate the text. A second reverend gentleman, it appears, was present on the platform for the purpose of exhibiting the views — not the peculiar "views " of the reverend lecturer, but the " dissolving views " employed to illustrate the history of the Prophet. We are told by the Herald that "a large auditory was delighted" on the occasion. Delighted with what P The Herald says, with " the interesting subject of the discourse and the dissolving views with which it was illustrated." There can be no doubt that such a mode of lecturing is especially calculated to please. It appears, however, that the reverefid lecturer thought it necessary to apologise for the use of his "dissolving views." He argued that the fact of "Pictorial Bibles" being very common, was quite sufficient to justify the use of oxy hydrogen lime light in illustrating the Bible. If Gustave Dore employs his magic pencil in illustrating the sacred volume, why should not the Bev. Dr. Tucker employ " dissolving views " for the same purpose ? Nothing can be clearer. It might, indeed, be urged by cavillers that Gustave Dore is a man of unrivalled genius, whose drawings are peculiarly calculated to impress feelings of solemnity upon the mind: whereas "dissolving views" have long since been associated with commonplace entertainments at all sorts of places. Mr. Punch being averse to cavilling at all times, can have no sym pathy with such quibbles. On the contrary, he is strongly disposed to sympathise with the Rev. Dr. Tucker. Having, moreover, at a remote period of his existence, beheld " Dissolving views" at the " Globe" in Leicester Square, and other reputable places, he is of opinion that " Dissolving Views " are very good things in their way. Their em ployment as a means of religious education is eminently calculated to promote religious feeling ; and it is to be hoped that, instead of being confined to the history of Daniel, they will be extended to the whole of the Sacred History. Let us go the whole hog at once, as the vulgar say. Let our clergymen enliven their dull discourses on Sunday evenings by a brilliant display of Lime light. Complaints as to the inefficacy of " 75,000 sermons a week" will then cease — our churches will no longer exhibit a shameful emptiness of pews— the graceless and the profane will throng the sacred portals, and, thanks to Dr. Tucker Christianity and Chemistry will be taught together. 