^ HOW IT FJIELS io HE HANGHD. V ; ; I . ". ; ' ( ;'ABnEiiiFï'BSTOBY-. ; . ' .' '. j ' ' " Every one must die at some time, and I súp'p'óio it malters little in what form the end comes.? , So'spoko John Gibson, one of the party of friends, who woro gathered around uge'niatfiro in tho rooms of our mutual friend,the Sheriff- of Lr-^ . .'' '«^1'don't know," said the Sheriff i ? hut it always struck me that it does matter.bow the end comes.".; ; "If you must die," said Gibeon, " what ia it to you after a few brief minutes ?" .'?'.'.."' , *? Very true,'-' responded tba' Sheriff. " A man's life is easily taken, and all modes haye the same result. But then I thmk one ought to consider the amount of suffering or disgracoinvolved iuthe tuet hod.", ( '.." '.* Most persons, I suppose, would prefer to die in thoir beds," said Gibson. '" This I do not refer to, however:-" I speak1 ol death by .violence." If I wero doomed to death I would be careless a's to the means used." ; '" You think so,now," remarked the Sheriff; "but if it sliould come to tho scrutchj I think you would shun the death that involved: suffering." . "Jloa't all the modoa knowu inrblvs iuffcrinfj?'* I ," Thoi majority, but not all. For instniice,'bei)ig ,guil lotinodwould be for'preferable to being burned at the I stake. Indeed, the guillotino ia really a human mode of, punishment. The knife drops, tho victim,' fools a cold prossureou his neck, and then dil is over." ''.'You are quito eloquent," said Gibson, laughing. ''What do you think.of tho'garrote?" . , . ' i "Illaro be'en'told that the method was not a torture," was tho reply. ''Eminent physicians have informed tue that'besides o slight choking sensation, thoro is no pain, in this method. The horrible contortion, and blackening of the face,'has caused many tó'think tho garrote a fear ful torture ; bat these changes in tho face .are accounted for upon tho simplest grounds." " , ; /' So much for those," said Gibson, smiling."": . . : "" Now, tell its your.favoritq (if I may use the expression) mode of punishment." . '....-.. ? " But for the eb a mo which attends it, I should prefer hanging," replied thb^'Sh'eriff.' . _> : *"'.' Upon what grounds," . ,,. ; . . , . . "It is the easiestlani least painful mothod known." \ " How do you know this?" i '.'1 once hod a description of the whola affair from a man who,was hung." ,, . . . ; The party burst into a laugh ¡ but tho Sheriff s faco did not relax a muscle- , . ., i. \ "A joke's a joke, Campbell," exclaimed Gibson;' " but this yarn is rather too much for our orodulity." . "Nevertheless, it is irue" replied the Sheriff ;. " and if you want tho matter explained, I may.as well tell you the whela story." . . .-,. .«. - : '. Very good " said Gibson. "LotV have a good one, for it will , take a tough yarn , to bustain your assertion." Ä - . The Sheriff laughed good huinorcdly. . " Wait till you hear it," lie bogan, . ?" Ton years ago I was elected Sheriff of thib county. My first attempt at oponing oourt wns;inaio during an'important lr ol. The criminal was a depraved, desperate wretch, who had been indicted for a brutal ,and atrocious murder. '. The fellow was greatly hardened, and: seemed to care . but little how little how. the trial r-sulted. The ovidonco was strong against him j'and when the case was submitted to tho jury, they returned a vordiot of Guilty,' without leaving their seats. . " Tho execution was fixed for a certain day, two .week i after the trial. Of course it was my duty, as a Sheriff, to put the rope around thofellow's neck, end launch him into eternity. It was a distasteful duty, I assuro you, for though I knew full well the man deserved his death, 1 did not relish the idea of hanging him. I got through with it, however, and sent him danoit.g on air. lie I did not struggle much, and I thought ho bad an easy death'. After hanging tho usual time, and being pro- nounced dead, he waa cut down, and his body' given, tu .his friends for interment. I thought I had seen the last of the man, as tho wagon cont nilling tho body drove out of the jail- yard ; but Ii was mistaken. ., ,.. ! ".*' About four months after,tho execution. I > happeued to bo passing my barn, whim I saw, a mau sitting in the doorway, with his head resting on his bands., I did not ?ilea his looks, BO,I approached him, aud^askod him what lie wauled .there., ito raised his head and looked at . me tu silence. , I am not given to superstition; and I don't think I sin very timid, but I felt my blood grow icy cold ns I recognized in.the man before nae the porson whose execution.1 had conducted. -His faco showed, no traces of his violent end ; and. tho only indication of it now visible,was,a,aliglU, dlsfiguroment.of the nco.k. . I scarcely knew what to say or think, for I bad seen him hung, ana heard him pronounced dead, and had delivered his body to,his friends for.biirial;.and yet, after .a lapse ; of,'foul months, thero ho sat, looking at ino with à face as white as a sheol. Tho terror that was.exhibited, in his couii' taiiance convinced me that lie. was no ghost; so I asked 'lüin, .with as in uah coolness as I could command i . .'.Jack Larkins, do you know mo?", ,'?.'<, You're tho mun that hung me/ he replied, doggedly at the same time moving away. .. 'i "j covored him with.my pistol, and told him. if. ht moved a foot I would shoot him. ' ."'Hé paused and looked at mo fixedly.'.. "', 11 ".What do you,moan'to db with mer ho asked. 'Bx you mcan'to hang mo .again?' . ..'"?". " It was¿ strictly speaking,' my duty to arrest .tho' iel low ; but I could not do it. ; The'idea of haring to hang him s"ain was revolting, and I determined to let hilt escapo. I'told hira !if lie would'promise, to leavo thc j neighborhood, nud norer come back again, I would. Iel ' him go. This he readily promised, and assured mo thal [ hp would never cross my path,'again, a's nohtiug but ' ? mere chanco had led.him to encounter mu this timo. ( " * Baforeyoii go, Larkins, said J, I would uko to hear how you'cheoted the gallows.' '. ' . ? ' ? ? | -' j " You won't peach on any of. thom folks'os helped me/, will you ?.'ho asked. ".'-*.' " No,' T;'replied j; * I will riot get thom into any trouble,' I simply'yrish to ,knowy;hpw you felt while, you ( were hanging; and how yoú were resuscitated.* ' "... " ' ' ' .«' Ho hesitated for some time,*' but upon o' renewal of my assurance'that none of his friends should bo molested, told me'thé following story j " ' '. j ," Wlion I put tho rópé around his neck, ' and left him : oh the gallows1, he felt a faintness about the heart, caused '< by his realizing his fearful situation, for the" fir.t time;' i but before ho had timo to think, tho 'trap was- Bprung, and ho fell through tho opening.. Tho shock of tho fair wasj'rather startling than painful, and did not' produce entier lnsensiuinry or ooniusion. ins inougnis were re markobly clear, and ho Boomed to have tho power of Bes- ing for above, below and around him. Everything os sumed alright verinillion bue ; and a ooft dreamy langer; stole over him until ho boca mo insensible. Therre wea nothing painful or unpleasant in anything he had under- gone.. Ho appeared to bo sinking into a delicious sloop, and all his thoughts were pleasant. Tho heit thing 'ho remembered was being wrung by the most agonizing tortured . The.pains wore not confined to any particular place, .but extended through.tho whole body. "Ilis'first thought was that.he waaia perdition, and was suffering tlio penalty of his crimes. The pains in- creased'each moment, and at last becamo io intense that ho started to his feet with a scream of anguish, at the samo timo opening Iiis eyes. Great Was his surprise to j (Ind himslf in his fathor's houso, in the midst' of his* I friends and relatives. Ho fainted at once, and whon he rccorored found himaolf in his own bcd: As soon as it wus considered safo to clo so, his friends informed him that, upon bringing his body home, they had doteroiin-' ed to try to resuscitate it, although they fcarod it would; bo useless'. They worked faithfully, and at last sue coeded. ' " But sir,' said tho man, in conclusion, 'coming to lifo" agairr was muoh worse titan dying.' '-Tho man promised to loaro the State, and try te do better. I had but little confidence iu him, yet 1 let bim' go. Ho kept his word, however, and, a short time age, I hcurd that he was a well-to-di» fanner in ono of sher . territories. , : ' \ ".Thia, gantTomon', is tho manner whioh I got my ideas '. about hanging, and I think you must admit their force." ' ' 