CENTRAL CRIMINAL GOUBT. Fbiday, 23ed Febkuart. Before hie Honor the Chief Justice and a genen jury. MCEDEIl. Henry Louis Bertrand, charged with the mtrxder i Henry Kinder, et St. Leonards. Mr. D alley, addreesing the jury on behalf of prisoner, said he would put before them those considerations whid be thought a majority, if not all, would deem raffidai to justify a verdict of acquittal. Prisoner, as the jam so doubt are aware, has been prosecuted a second tsm on this charge, and is under this disadvantage that tM alleged crime has been made the subject of the greatsa notoriety, of newspaper comment, and of public discusM for months past, whilst come of the jury might have \xM present during the former trial. From the commencemen teges, whilst the learned counsel for the Crown has mm in his opening address — which was not characterised H that calmness end impartiality by which the dutia m that office are usually distinguished— had an oppartunitfil rcpljiug to everything that was previously urged for tw defence. They must also recollect that this was a dcram appeal, first from the tribunal which decided upon the aw ot death, and next fromthe jury which only a few days tM ditcusscd the case presented by the Grown, and nbS having been locked up a sufficient time to enable them A form an opinion, failed to arrive at a conviction of U* priconer'e guilt. Their deliberations might not affect vonrBf but they augment your responsibility, they being m* equally qualified U judge, probably having ashighaseaK bf jubtice, as great a repugnance to crime, and as muifl interest in the protection of society. It is a enblime,!' humane, a merciful privilege— that twelve men shall, id* the life or liberty of a man is in question, be unauimoiiS satisfied that the prisoner is guilty. A single conjtienticn voice may again — as it has bees before— be tS salvation of innocence. If any man sacrifices his coradX tious conviction for the purpose of securing unanimity, K is a worse murderer than lie man he condemns, beciw he comes to perpetrate his murder under the forma of liB Prisoner is charged with the murder of a man whteeditK was said by one tribunal to have been caused by his gw band ; and no witness who was present when the blow iM inflicted has been called to enlighten ihe present jaB Why was not the wife of this unhappy man called ? iH rei.sons were anything but obvious ; that she wataniK cefsory was no reason, as the Crown might say you pBi your evidence and you shall be spared. God forbid tinflj should think her guilty ; the jury are to presume nolliiB? of the kind. Even if she had been tried and convicted, w might then have been put into the witness-box. Thentl* was another person whom Kinder' s servant girl Baii J pretent at Kinder' b death (Mr. Woods) . Why wu ml W called? Again, neither, the manager of the bank coriK of the cleritB except Mr. Ranclaud were called to ahowfK state of mind Kinder was in. One of the arguments of M hon. and learned friend was, as regards its worthlaBuSI most conspicuous— 4hat founded upon the cii-cumstanoefiK S isder, a short time before his death, was playingnev K house with one of his children. The jury niust, fromS! history of suicides, know that suicide is not in theotjorJK of cases the result of a month's brooding; it is gamut' an inftastsneous lurid fiash across the mind to kB passage from Ufa to death. Nor is it always aooormuB by misery ; suicides have leapt into eternity with the sK of happiness at the lip. Men have rushed from comfbrujH and happy homes te throw themselves on' a monumatlK from a bridge. It may have been some anticipate! cabcSj that compelled Kinder to self-slaughter. It is nopsflf my case to appeal to jour heart, but to your inteUigmaB cannot ask ier tears; the atmosphere of lie case vlK abominable. The learned counsel for the Crown ufaflK to show ourbona fides we should produce some lettoK Kinder from New Zealand. In a civil case eomiiMf would be involved in the non-production of a lettahoiH Euch relation to a case being heard ; but here you nnutdw start with an assumption of guilt, but one of iimmaM That being the case, what have I to do W Kinder's letters; why did not the Cnnra W upon Mrs, Kinder to produce it. The ktB was sot ours, but naturally became the (K petty of Kinder's widow. It is woae V idle to talk to the jury about our rrnrnnniHw as to the production of this letter. What iraiflBf likely than that Kinder, a drunkard, the managarinf bank, should involve himself in difficulties, and thrtSf messenger to another world should be found inembBaBf mentwhen culminating in the appearance of thlilafll tnuure ui» e}en. jhtuiuu ui uu mquw uugut umpm a liar and probably was a perjurer, and I donoteeai thing in the case of an habitual liar to make hinM worthy of belief when he presses his lips upon (he HI Book. The learned counsel for the Crown Bays it if di that Bertrand gave the deceased the pistol bywhiiil death was accomplished. This was an impsv fact founded on Eertrand'e own testimony. If til had been concealment er denial there might M been in this bet something suspicious; bat M was nothing in it when you have his admission tWB gave the pistol himself. He was one of those mini lovers of notoriety who would not stop at anyiisM ties of disguise or extravagant bravado. Bear to! mind and the whole of the mystery as to the pnrij of the pistols in woman's attire is blown to the nil The admission by Bertrand that he supplied the pWl a matter for the defence not for the prosecution, vm as to the firing at the sheep's head: no doubt tliliB the surrounding circumstances were highly dramitMl where is its significance unless you behove Borne UjS liar, for he says prisoner has a perfect knowledge »? anatomy of the head? And surely he would mtafl of shooting at Kinder from one end dm drawing-room to the other, but rather (tfl tiptoe to the back of his head and blow his skull tofm Burne, whose infamous education under the prieoMJB almost destroyed his faith in religion, might ti cam possibly have been inspired by terror, but when it «J covered him to be a barefaced liar, a coward, a temU the hero of Sadler's Welle, the tetriguing muriavB Brussels, and the duellist at Paris lost liis prestigiV here v ortbip was extinguished when the hero cuH'J business with a sheep's head. The theory of the iflflB tion I understand to be this. The prisoner was ntpH enamoured of Kinder's wife, determined to P°a*'JU all hazards, to have a monopoly of her bodv, jw'M every body upen whom her favours were lavishel-J»« even of the man who alone had a legal right w ?? trol her. Having no enmity against the nun, « in order to get this woman, he murders iu*H This theory is supported by a number of ciroumNV and you have proof that Kinder died, that prison* V present when the wsund was inflicted ; you nave auw Boner's admissions and his diary. I shaU shovM every point, this theory tails. The first diftcoUy »? Crown to surmount is this : Prisoner, it is said, vmm have Mrs. Kinder, but it is known that be had herH is said he was insanely jealous ef everyone else 'PH her. I say thiB was a fie on the part of prisoner, u« to raise himself higher in the estimation of Jars, **M He was not, perhaps, a greater or more extraorOTH than Jackson. She was prisoner's mistress, mstn-H to his gratification as much ns sue could wjw gratification of the legitimate passion of her »?? A man so grossly unmoral as this wonlj »M anxious to legitimate his passion. If he had said 1 -V commit adultery, but if Kinder were out of the i way i^ gratify myself with this woman, there might be WJM in the argument, bnt it is destroyed when the bwjH possession of her, and knows that she is in all FJB vile, worthless oreature, who requires extravajw™ feeeions of passion to gratify her liisdviousneas. -« at ted to put an extraordinary interpretation 'JJJJM that this man says. - hi the diary you save a boek WM iae decease of the P°or creature whose death prisoner u jnppoeed to have caused — the supposed murderer is thereia cremmed to be addressing- the supposed murderess, Boul to mi. It was -written for the eyes of hu paramour alone, and he could sot have imagined that it would be published lotto world. If they were the perpetrator) of the crime imputed to titan, you would have found the writer of this Uary not recommending but demanding that her chastity should be preaerrea for hie exclusive gratification ; you would bave the shadow of deceased kept before her eyes, ?nth the gallows and impending retribution, threatened, to terrify ner into his service. If you do not in that book find come clear allusion to the specific crime of murder you must assume that he is innocent. If no witnesses had been called to testify to his character that diary would have been sufficient. There is an extravagant attempt at sentimental writing by a mind partially diseased. If yeu believe prisoner shot Kinder, or poisoned him, or that prisoner, having shot Kinder, accelerated his death by poison, you vill be justified in finding him guilty of murder. But jrjre are ihe evidences of either in this diary ? The passage ' I feel as if every kind feeling had gone with her' might have been written by any simple Borneo to ? silly Juliet. It is quite reconcilable with the nonsense jhat prevails in the Byronic phase of young life, before ex perience gets tbe better of misanthropy. Again, he says ' I frsnt a smile from those dear eyes, and 'I crave to call [hoc rife before God and man.' Is this the sort of passion that would spriDg out ef such s crime as murder, when Ihe supposed murderer had been an adulterer. No man who bad lieen an adulterer would seek to call the woman who bad been his accomplice his wife. The diary contains a reference in terms of apparent satisfaction to tbe sentence of Jackson when prosecuted for sending to Bertrand a threatening letter, and the jury is asked to put this con struction upon it that be gloated over the punish ment. But suppose he did, ninety-nine men ont of a hundred, if innocent and so treated, irculd do the same. Tkis ruffian, who had boea a rnest at his house, to whom ho had given money, then charged him with murder to get more, and when such a man was punished would it not be a natural expression of feeling to eay, ' Thank God, the ruffian has been punished, and justice is vindicated.' There is reason ior gratia nation on the part of all good members of society when the violators ol the law meet with just retribution. Although it may bs consistent with the highest degree of Christianity, prose cutors do not usually leave courte of law with handkerchiefs io their eyes. Another part of the diary quoted by the counsel for the Crown was this, ' I em now paying a debt ' to retributive justice,' ' Goi only knows what I have made -others suffer ; bat, if I have, have you not done the same f ' : Jut it may reasonably be asked whether this did not refer to wliet he made his wretched wife, or his unhappy eister, or Kinder suffer. You are asked to put one cr other construction upon it. If he means the ' ieartburn which he caused by the crime which destroyed the peace of this man's household, which is the only meaning you can attach to the rubbish in this diary, ihe passage hag no significance as far as the present charge is concerned. You can only reconcile the passage with the causes of suffering by his own immorality. You must judge of the man's writings and statements by bis nature, as a uian who laughed at social propriety and civil obliga iione . If he is a liar— an immoral wretch, his writings will J-e consistent with that character; and yen cannot fail to tee the i3t-nEtious falseness end depravity of the man's whole nature. Cruel to his wife, disgustingly insulting- to ; his fieter, he writes to his mistress whilst tbe body of her hubband was yet undecomposed in the grave, about ? man's prerogative to guard innocence and virtue. He the I guardian of innocence and virtue '. If there was no other : paragraph in the diary to prove his insanity, would not this i le 'Confirmation strong as proofe of Holy Writ' — offering \ timiflf as a guardian of innocence and virtue— a man black , from lead to foot with crime. He was to be her moral \- regenerator. She had been plunged into an abyss of in i ferny, from which, forsooth, he was to elevate her. He I Roes on, 'It is now 12 o'clock'— very likely this even £g£ a u£, aim mat ue wins wnuag vy lae uroua ugat 01 flay. SpeakiBg of their prospective union, he says, 'The i tine will surely come as you believe there is a God.' Even fcere, contemplating the man plunged deep in crime till the \- atmosphere or* and around him stinks, one is almost I ashamed, and trembles with the analogy. ' I have said i it,' he adds, and you are asked ts suppose that this predic , iion iraB one that he was going te accomplish himself. If ?? he had contemplated the murder of Kinder before this, and i tarried it out, ds you not think it would have been appli i able to eay, ' We have got rid of one obstacle; we will \- get through that which remains, and pass over another i mve f ' But there is nothing more definite in this passage =' nan in any other portion of the diary — than in the letters I ef the lying wretch who was called as a witness. ' Try to | he good, to atone for thy past follies, for they were nought 1 else,' he says. Murdering a husband is usually sail to be f, a crime ; yet this is pat to you as implying murder. With 1 the horrible blasphemy which this wretch displays he ex I hortsher'topray to God with a trae repentant heart.' I He adds, ' Oh, I dare not lift up my voice yet— I feel that I bs vet I dare mot ask His forgiveness— so Helen, my dear I wife, pray for your husband.' The theory of the prose 1 cution is that 'this woman was his accomplice ; but if ehe 5 vae tqually guilty, why should he conceive that she, an? 3 more than he, could Dud the way to the Fountain of I Mercy? ' I shall strive hard to be a good man. I want » to be good, for I feel that if I do not, I shall become | enttrdjr enslaved to the devil ; that soon there would be no I hope for me, here or hereafter.' I shall not read the B utter passage as tu tiic novelty of sleeping with t ilia ewn wife ; I do not see why I should I disgust yon, FE it dee? not wueh. his guilt or I innocence of murder. He epeaka in one paragraph of his | visit to tbe scene of the alleged murder. Under the old I Jaw, when superstitious observances prevailed, and human I reason was clouded by supernatural influences, those \- accused of murder were brought into the presence of tbe r corpse, and had to lay their hands upon it, so that by cer I taut erliences therefrom arising' their guilt or innocence | might be proved. We are so for removed from the igno i ranee of those days as to recoil with terror from such I schemes for determining guilt or innocence, and can afford | to smile at these things. But there was at the bottom of | that a philosophy you cannot fail to see. Bring the accused j: face to face with the pale lifeless body — let us see if he : display! more than ordinary terror — and whether he reels ?S from the vision. These two paramours talk of the dead i man in his grave. He says, ' This is the first time I have I been to the NVrth Shore mice poor Harry's funeral.' Is f that the way the murderer would talk of his victim ? | '? A crowd of memories ' are brought back to his miad, i and then this sensual miserable wretch brings in his slimy, I coarse, sensual passion. The murderer of Kinder could ? sever have so written. He would rather have sail 'I 1 lave seen the spot where the corpse lies. I can hardly look j at it; everything reeled about me — my soul was disturbed \- within me Men must have noticed it, I must go from the : epot where the braised and ghastly body lies in the shadow I of the grave.' The last paragraph quoted by the Crown is ! « Oh, God, what I suffer. This love is terrible, it will kill ; -me. What excruciating agony, intense bitterness of the ' just ; all (hat I possess of brain, nerve, a*d soul is devoted to ' this one object of xnv life. What is the future to me or my ; salvation ? I glory 'in mining both body and soul for the : idol I worebip and adore. Poor fools to try and thwart my j win. I tell thee thou host need of God's help indeed if : ihoa haet me for an enemy, I who value \- human life as I value weapons to be used when | required end then thrown away or destroyed. Some of ! tonrae to be kept fcr future use if necessary.' This was ' Gtark raving madness, with no more significance attachable ; to it than that with which the frenzied titterings of a maniac ' laay be regarded. Yon are to judge of this man's nature, I aai, in accordance with that, of the value of his admissions. [ 1 now draw your attention to the letters from Jackson to I show how little reliance yon can place upon the statements ; ef any man engaged in such intercourse as were both these i ?wretched men. They wrote to the woman as a lascivious ' fceing, who might be cast over to be substituted for some I other equally worthless creature. You noticed his devilish j calmness in the witness box. In oae of his letters to her I b« E&ys;, ' Dear Nelly. I cannot compose my mind to write, I 2mt should wish to impress on your mind that the heart I of your Arthur will never cease to love.' I He goes on to express a desire to marry her. I This is another strange instance of an adulterer desiring I to marry the adnltress. Suppose this man put upon to trial for the murder, and these letters put in against him, would that be a presumption of Mb guilt f fortunately he I eras not present when the shot was fired. In his letters ihere urns a more significant pointing out of what is to take place than there was in, any part; of Bertrand's diary, and as much that is criminatory and lying. Let us now pro ceed to another portion, of the case. Kinder, we are told, i dies. He commits suicide. Was his home so happy, his wife so chaste, the world to him bo beautiful, that he should have a powerful love of life ? When we look back to his [ wretched home, hie prostituted wife, his drunken habits, is ! ihere any reason to suppose that he would not commit suicide p Is it no evidence that he knew his wife to be a ! whore? Is it possible that he could live with a wretch | who received and kept letters like these from Jackson, and when the wretch who had brought adultery into his home I [ again appeared there 'to pollute it? He might have : inaughf, ' God is merciful, and my life has been a hell, I I wiU Bave this woman from greater crime. She may stop ! at the point where I cease to live. I have sought refuge I in drunkenness, trying to kill myself as yet in vain.' If EinJer's servant girl, who could have no feeling but one of j dislike toward!! a monster like prisoner, was to be believed, \ ibis unfnrtimntA man hflrt hem drinkine fordavs before. ' was subject to disease of the heart, and occasionally had fits, j When returning to the house after being at the inn to drink again, what mare likely in his miserable circiuu- ; Etances than that ho should take a pistol and blow his : trains out. But because he blows his brains out when ihe prisoner in present that tkoktter is to be i tnputed the mur derer a theory you should discard unless itis supported by in contestable evidence. I now come to a portion of the cose which rests on the' testimony of those witnesses who deposed to his confessions of guilt. Confession of guilt under certain circumstances is about the most conclusive evidence that a human tribunal can receive. It is indeed a maxim in law that the confession of a guilty man is the best evidence of tifl guilt. But it is as a maxim true and false, It is false fls hell under some circumstances, infallibly true under ethers. It is false in the case of a man who has a motive for lying and is partially insane, but in the case of a person who under the force ef a solemn conviotion liberates hte soul from the thraldem of a crime by confession you have almost perfect evidence. Sat our experiences of toe eccentricities I and depravity of men familiarise us with abundant illustra ? B iions of confessions of crimes of a stupendous magnitude, I Which confessions have been proved to be utterly falso, Bo 1 numerous have been the mistakes made by attaching ore I denee to confessions of crime that men have Been sent to the B ? pcaftold fcr crimes thoy confessed but whioh were proved beyond doubt to have been committed by others. Every yeu persons are comiug' forward with false self-accusations, and much vigilance & required oa ihe part of (he polios to test the declarations of these candidates for the gallows. But usually men will not confess then- crimes until drawn to it by the in fluence of terror, or of conscientiousness. What then shall be said of the talk of an habitual liar ? What value can be attached to his statements f If he had murdered Kinder and desired to liberate his soul from its thraldom, he would have gone to tho police. He would have asked to be relieved of the burden, though it required the sacrifice of his life. Could the man who so jumbled up adultery with religion do this ? Had he any remorse ? It is out of the question. Now comes the wholo consi deration of his character. He desires to. appear to the world worse than he is. Born with some intellect, possessing very little fortune, with a violent lecherousness for tbe charms of women, having no personal fascinations to aid him in seeking their favours, he endeavours to give himself the airs of a man familiar with crime, and there is a strange stupify ing fasci nation about this kind of influence. Men who would not etir a step to see a martyr at the stake would troop in thousands to see a distinguished criminal hanged. This man saysl cannot undermine the foundations of your chastity in other ways, but I will terrify you. Burno, who has associated with him for years, knows he is a liar. Instance t risoner's conduct at Defrees's, when be imitated the devil, roared like a wild beast, gesticulated like a madman, aul ppote of the invocation of the ghost of the man he said Le muidcrcd. Sis lies were for the purpose of inspiring terror in those he approached. Those who knew him did cot believe him. If you believe Burno you have a key to prisoner's character. It this was tbe only crime prisoner charged himself with some value might be attached to his declaration of guilt ; bat he charges Limrelf with crimes innumerable— murders, adulteries, se ductions. This purchase of pistols in disguise, and the firing at the sheep's hesd, lose all significance from the fact that prisoner admits he furnished the pistol. But these out rngcoue stories about midnight excursions, during which Ihey were singing and imitating comic actors — were such things consistent, with a project of murder ; There is not a single portion of evidence to corroborate the statements about these excursions excepting that of Kaackud. It is the very raving of this boy'e distorted imagination, who si ems to have passed his whole life in a false and vicious atmosphere. Is it likely that prisoner would have committed Ibis murder by going with this boy in a boat to the North Shore to strike this man down, with a f rniabawk. It might suit the wretched plot of ' The Idiot cf the Mountain,' or some of the vile trash in the acting cf which Btirrjc spent most of his nights ; but it will not do as a story to be told by a young audacious vagabond to a jury with anychance of belief. This is one of tbe witnes fce for the Crown, and he must be truthful or a liar. If truthful, he explains his master's character ; if a liar, the worth of his evidence is gone. He thaws no horror of the crime, and when asked to participate in it, says he has no share in Mrs. Kinder. That, it appears, would have been an inducement for him to commit murder. One's very soul feels soiled by the circumstances of such an investigation as this. We will now go to other evidence. Why should Bertrand tell his sister th»t he committed the murder. The most unhappy criminals going to the gallows have still an anxiety to stand well in the esteem of mothers and sisters ; humanity is not all extinguished by the perpetration of a single crime. They do not become devils by a leap. He wonted by com parison to lessen the horror of what she witnessed. He (peaks to this effect, '' You condemn me as on adulterer, why, I am a murderer ; regerve your condemnation for the greater crime, not the least.' Again, to terrify another wiineES, he threatens that if she does not come to his house he will go to hers, and asks her whether ehe prefers death to dishonour. Take another view of the case. At a period not long after the death of Kinder, the prisoner receives a letter ftom Jackson, who etates that, unless under certain circumstances, he will denounce him as the murderer of Kinder. On the receipt of that letter, if guilty, two courses were open to him. He could Bee the instant he received it ; of he could bave burned it, stole on board come chip leaving the port, and have ruehed from the country. But the audacious villain who penned this letter would have bussed up a murder for £20. Such was bis consideration of human life and the interests of society. Bertrand, knowing this man's nature, then, if guilty, would, if necessary, have sold the coat from his back, would have pawned the very instruments of his trade ; he would have eold his very soul (if he could find a pur chaser) in order te get this £20 to silence his accuser. This is the course of guilt. The course of innocence was to denounce the villain to the police, and his reply was a warrant. This man is now brought face to face with the man be accused, and he does not dare to say a word about the murder, having before begged to withdraw what he had said and to be forgiven. But the alleged murderer goes heroically about his work, and drags Iris assailant before a court of justice. Is'there innocence or guilt implied in the choice of this course ? The jury will recollect that there were intervals of consciousness between tbe infliction of the injuries and the death of Kinder, when be was attended by persons to whom he could make a statement of bow he received them. If you believe he was conscious for ever so short a time, and, having these op portunities, he did not charge the prisoner with murdering trim, your verdict must be an acquittal, notwithstanding the ingenious theories about concussion, and the possibility of his remembering the circumstances if the wound was t'.lf-inflictcd, and forgetting them, if it was inflicted by auotber. Kinder is there, he is shot by himself, er by Eome one elee. Uertrand is in attendance upon him, and dues all he can to save his life apparently, yet Kinder never denounces him as his murderer. You must take the refif-onable explanation of his conduct. If he shot Kinder it is strange that almost at the eame moment he should be fDgogcd in saving his life, because Mrs. Kinder's action was his. If he shot him would he arrest the coEfequences of the evil. Common sense niust revolt at such an assumption. Was there not danger if Kinder recovered, of his saying ' this is the fellow that shot me.' Bertrand adopts all the means an enlightened and skilful person would adspt under the circumstances te slop the bleeding. It is an absurdity to presume any signi ficance from the fact of one surgeon being nearer than another ; Bertrand might not have confidence in the nearest, »nd farther injury would not have' arisen from delay after the precautionary steps he had taken. He apparently had » motive for guarding against too much publicity. This man (he no doubt thought) has a family, and if this affair is taowB, he may be dismissed from the bank. Then, nothing more appears to have been done when the doctor was called in than Bertrand had done previously. He administered proper remedies, and then goes for a doctor in whom he has confidence. Bertrand could not know that there was concussion of the brain. The man was perfectly conscious of what was going on, and he must hare known that an admission from him that he had attempted suicide would involve bim in a prosecution. Hence his denial of the knowledge of how it occurred. He says at one time that he does not know how it happened, at another he tells a Etory about striking himself with a stick. Medical men, engaged as they are in humane offices for the relief of suf fering and the saving of life, are entitled to the highest respect ; but their knowledge is sometimes so defective, or the kind of evidence they give is so speculative, that you will seldom find a huge number of them agreeing in their testimony upon any simple question. You nave heard in evidence that even in the present day and in the highly enlightened country of France, there are two doctrines 88 to whether the death of one of the most in famous characters in history was by suicide or homicide, the wounds having been inflicted on Bobespierre in 1798. Distinguished men having contended on both sides, some declaring, a conviction of suicide, others that the wounds were not self-inflicted. That fact is worth ten thousand arguments. Dr. Eichler is still of the opinion he formed on the day the shot woe fired, that the wound was self-inflicted, and none of the medical witnesses dote to assume the responsibility of swearing distinctly one way or the other. Dr. Eichler not only saw Kinder soon after the wounding, but saw the body immediately after death, and again two slender ground upon which to baBe such a charge as this. The cose in favour of prisoner is so irresistible that you cannot surmount the difficulties ia the way of a ver dict against him. Whatever his character, all doubts of his innocence or guilt must be removed before you can convict him of the crime with the commission ofwhich he is charged. Look upon him as a worthless lying monster, capable of ajoy crime, still you have the distinct responsibility of determining whether he is guilty of taking Kinder' s life. You may not be altogether satisfied of hie innocence, but if you retain any reasonable doubt of it you must acquit him. The theory of the prisoner's guilt must be reasonable ; and the hypothesis of his guilt must be utterly inconsistent with the hypothesis of his innecence. If there is one of you who, admitting that prisoner is a monster and a scoundrel, yet sot fully proved to bo guilty of the crime imputed to him, having a terror of the world's condemnation, strains his conscience in a desire for unanimity he is a greater criminal than the wretch at the bar. . Mr. Dallev objected to the counsel for the Crown reply ing. Mr. Eutler claimed the right of reply, and produced two decisions by Judges in England on the point. Bis Honor eaid the case was one of such extreme im portance that he ought to be relieved of the duty of having to deal with matters urged in defence. Had he not bBen informed that the Attomey- General was to be here, he did not think that he should have heard the case. Hiving looked at the authorities produced, bis Honor was of opinion that the counsel for the Crown was entitled to a Mr! Dalley re- affirmed his objection, which was based on the facts that the counsel for the Crown did not hold a commission, and no witnesses were called for the defence. Mr, Butlee replied : It becomes my duty to make some observations on the evidence and on ihe manner in which my learned friend has dealt with it, and, whilst doing so, I cannot avoid a few preliminary remarks. He was pleased to say that the opening address, as thattif a representative of the Crown, was not characterised by calmness and impartiality. As far as that applies to me personally, I am accustomed to such observations, and can afford to dis regard them. But, as regards the position I hold as counsel for the Crown, I do not in reference to his ability, his intellect, sr his statement of partiality look upsn him as an authority. We both have very responsible duties, and shall discharge them much better by dealing with the case itself rather than by recriminating upon each other. As I anticipated in my opening address, the proceedings of other juries have been dragged into the case and mode the subject »f impassioned appeals. But you must bear in mind that the coroner's jury could not have the diary and letters cow before you to excite suspicion, and hod merely the one elded statement of prisoner and Mrs. Kinder with the evidence of Mr. Cooper of the bank. There was not ' then a tittle of the evidence to indicate suspicion of the improper intimacy between the wife of deceased and pri soner. Yet, in the absence of these things, you are asked te allow the proceedings of that tribunal to influence your decision. Then, again, my learned friend tells you of another trial having taken place ; and uses one argu ment to upset another. He adjures you, if any one ot you has an opinion of his own t* adhere to it conecfentiously. It is olio, ho says, your duty to see whether your doubts, ifj you can bave any, cannot bo removed by reasonable deliberation. If each forms bis conclusions on the evi dence, according to bis conscience, how false is the leosoning that you should be influenced by the deliberations of any other juries. You have no matters to influence you but those actually adduced in this trial. Yeu must dismiss such topics from your consideration, ana look ot tbe evidence which you will see could not be before one of those other juries at all. My learned friend would have you believe that was impossible for the prisoner, he having possession cf this woman, to think of marrying her, and he contends that it is altogether a false notion conveyed by the diary ; yet be produces Jackson's letters to show that Jackson also desired to marry her although he bad posses sion of her. The fact remains abundantly proved that it is poEsiUo for t hit man, although he was having intercourse with the woman, to be anxious to marry her. Then* we have (his very strange argument— prisoner must be considered a raring maniac, making disclosures that came from a bosom elated and maddened by success mid yet that Ihefesamefli'dnrriros must be attributed to a diabolical design to taiiii womtnfor the purposo of gaining an influence over tlitm. This was most futile. Why phould he (ell his sister that he was not only an adulterer butammdercr. It is difficult to see the defensive force of an argument so destructive as this. It is on absurd notion that this man for the sake of seducing women would accuEe himself of crime. Then my leainod friend says men do not brood far weeks over suicide, the idea flashes into the mipdatonce. Whoever heard of such cases occurring? M'ill not overy case of suicide upon investigation prove to le the result of disturbing worldly circumstances, or of )i:fidnesa or insority? lie also says, that although the prisoner in the diary rpoke of himself as madly jealous he C'juia not havebeen jealous as he bad possession of the woman. But we sec he wanted to marry her, deliberated upon a divorce, axd knew that another man had possession of her. He was in reality filled with the passion of jealousy. Once in tbe yard of the court, and again in an adjoining room, he Eiimifesied hie jealousy of Jackson by shaking Mrs Kinder, and by threatening to give himself up as a murderer, because she simply smiled at Jackson. What to her would le the force of this threat if she did not think there was naeon in what he said. This motive of jealousy is incon tustably proved by the document and in oral evidence, and the jury cannot fail to perceive what effect the twin pas f.'dEE of love ani jealousy were likely to have en a man of this character, who indeed is represented to you as one toleUy incapable of resisting such influences. Whether bis confessions of jealousy were such as would come f i om any simple Borneo or not, the question is whether they came from an insane Romeo. My learned fiier.d treats it as strange that the fact of the murder is not j laitily indicated in the diary. But why should it be re duced to black and white. After the illicit intercourse that had been pre-exis(ing be(wcea prisoner and Mrs. Kinder w(uld you expect that to be adverted to over and over again ? With tbe exception of something said as to their lust parting and the expression as to his reminiscences v hen looking from the tteamboat towards the North Shore, you look is vain for acy mention of the tad. In this diary prisoner says he cannot hope for forgiveness yet, and im plores her to appeal in his behalf. Now, if she was guilty, even as an accomplice before the fact, is this net reasonable r He would not look upon her as a person who committed (he ciime, and thus be made the distinction. Would he, if guilty of the death of this man, it is asked, speak of him as '-poor K airy ? ' Well, if we could believe it a sincere expression of sympathy, there might be some force in this point. But tLis 'poor Harry' he had found in his way, and deter mined to remove him. Take the evidence and see the desire be expressed to get rid of him. Then what is the vulue of this ejaculation ? Well may he epeok of Kinder as 'poor Harry.' The statement that he was sorry for bim, but he was in his way, was a relative expression. Eef erring to his jealousy of Kinder, he says, 'It drove me rising mad, and I am what I am.' Boes that allude to his being an adulterer? He was an adulterer at tbe time of this jealousy, and the words, 'I aui what I am' mean, something else — the result of jealousy — that he was a murderer? This is the only construction the language admits of. As if I admitted the assumption, tbe learned counsel argues that it is clear prisoner gave the pistol to Kinder. I deny having made any such admission, or that it is clear from the evidence. It is clear that Bertrand said so before the coroner, and that is all. Assuming this fact, my learned friend goes on to say it gets rid of every argument as to the purchase of the pistole and the practice with them. Let us see what reason prisoner could have for saying he gave the pistol to Kinder. It would be part of his design to say so. The servant says she never saw pistols in the house, and if a man was found deed from the effects of a Bhot, inquiry must inevitably ctart up as to where the pistol came from. It was incumbent, then, upon prisoner to account fcr the man's possession' of the pistol, and, knowing that on investigation suspicion might point te him. he wards it off by a free admission that he gave the pistol to Kinder. Y-* how eiogulu- that & piotol bought clnndafitiDfily by prisoner should by accident, -whilst he was present, become the instrument of Kitder's death. Is there any probability in such a thing r Is that a reasonable or credible tiling ? He vho made tbe mould, cost the bullets, practised at a sheep's head which he afterwards burned, says he lent the pistol to Kinder to fire at bottles, but did not give him any bullets. 1 hen why did he cast the bullets f Prisoner manifestly per jured himself at the coroner's inquiry. It is said wliy ehnnlr] hp tire nf. a &heeu;'fi head to find out the DarL most easily penetrable — he who understood anatomy so well, as it I, on bcbaJf of (ha Crown, had formed the idea that be was studying the anatomy of the head. This was but an imaginary argument, only set up to be kaocked down. The right inference is that he practised at this head in anticipation of an opportunity for firing at tinder's head. Taken in connection with the clandestine yurchase of the pit-tok, and the mole in which the wound is said to biive been inflicted from behind, it may reasonably be assumed that in this practice firing it was dexterity he sf-ught to acquire not a knowledge ofanatomy, My learned friend urges that Jackson, who also desired to marry Mrs. Kinder, was as wicked as Bertrand ; this only went to prove that two men were equally bad. But Jackson was at bis station, and hearing that the husband was seriously ill, the idffl of marriage with (he wid»w suggested itsel£ But as far as the position of Bertrand was concerned his marriage with her could never have taken place without pass ing over tie body of Cinder. Then it is contended that the crosecntion of Jocksonis an evidence of prisoner's innocence. Now, suppose prisoner had spoken in this way of the re moval of Kinder, that drink would destroy him if not other things would, and told Jackson that he must not be sur prised at anything he heard after he lett. You would not take the statements in that letter to be allusions to fictions but to facts. And is it incontestable proof of innocenoe that he answered that letter by a warrant of arrest ? If prisoner never contemplated the idea of compassing Kinder' e death, then I could quite understand the force of the argument that there was an inference of innocence from his seeking vindication in a Court ef law. But the evidence shows that he meditated murder. The Coroner's jury having given a verdict of suicide, be no donbt felt pretty safe, and so he determined to face the accusation. If he had chosen to flee, where to r *«'- why should he do so after the verdict of the coroner's jury ? Would not his flight too be an admission of his guilt? He could, if guilty, have token another course, it is said, by bribing Jackson, But if he had given him this money it would have been evidence that would hang himself. He put on the garb of innocence and did that he had no escape from. The verdict of the coroner's jury came by perjury, and he could not escape from the result. But this must be borne in mind that when be bad acted upon the letter and obtained a warrant he went to the Police-office and wanted to get back the letter, as he said, to show bis attorney, a proceeding sug gesting this— that Jackson having offered to apologise, prisoner's resolution was shaken. Jackson being unable to prove what he had directly hinted at, and being in custody, \vo6 perhaps dismayed by the bold front put on by Bertrand. It is said that the evidence of Burne is not corroborated and is not entitled to credence. But if you believe prisoner made these accusa tions sgainct himself, so for tin's witness is corroborated. He could scarcely be corroborated ae to the excursions, when two persons only, and one of them Bertrand himself, went across the harbour at midnight. The admissions of Bellhouss were corroborative of his testimony, the invitation to Bellhonee being given with a view to placing temptation in the way of Mrs. Bertrand, so as to obtain grounds for a divorce. Bellhouse also corroborates the statement as to the purchase of the pistols. My learned friend argues that the Crown ought (o have called tire. Kinder. I do not see what reason can be shown for such a proceeding. The object of calling a witness must be presumed to be to elieit truth, and what truth could be expected from this woman after the intimacy existing between her and this man. He says the inducement to save herself might be held out, but hew loud would be the denunciations against the Crown if such an inducement were held out for her to make a false statement. If my learned friend hod colled her as a witness, I might have had an opportunity of cross examining her. Tbe name of her father hod also been mentioned, and it turns up at the last moment that he was present at the death of Kinder. If this man could have proved anything, it was for my learned friend te call him. If the prisoner's statement is to be believed, this man ought not at any rate to be called by the Crown, for he says Mrs. Kinder's father sanctioned the idea of a divorce after Kinder's death. During tbe intervals [of Kinder's conEciouEncss, it is said several persons had opportunities of seeing him before his death. No doubt there were doctors there ; if not, it would have led to a suspicion against prisoner that he allowed the man to .die without calling iu aid. You have heard the medical evidence of the man's unconsciousness. How oeuld he denounce Bertraud r If he proclaimed that Bertrand shot him, would not his own wife be there to deny it and to eay he had done it himself. According te prisoner's own statement Kinder never had the slightest suspicion of him, and how could he tell who shot him if be was struck down as by a flash of lightning, without seeing whs discharged the ahot. Bertrand was on terms of intimacy with him, and it has not been shown that Kinder was jealous of him. If then he did not euspect Bertrand whom could he suspect ? Bertrand seeing (hat no /suspicion rested upon himself might With safety have let in all the people at the North Shore to tee the wounded mas. But Kinder says he did not shoot himself, and said that it was done by his wife. He also said it was his wife's nonsense to eay be did it himself, as he had no pietol to da it with. Then there is the fact . as to ihe stanomnK of (he blood, and tbe presumed desireon (he part of prisoner to save this man's life. Could the man be left there untended without some risk of a future investi gation ; it turned out that not even a cloth was applied to the wound. Then iy the time be comes bask, an hour having elapsed, the man might have bled to death. What is the excuse f Why, that he did not wish it to be known at (he North Shore, lest Kinder Bhould lose his situation. Little would it signify to that poor man where it was men (icsed ; in all probability before his fancied friend could get back from Sydney it would be of no consequence to him if tbe w&ole; world knew his condition. Yet this was given as a reason that he stopped (he servant from going to a medical man close at hand — he did not wish Kin der (o lose his situation. Prisoner rambles about (he city, and it is not until after the lapse ft five or six hours that medical assistance is obtained. Dr. Eichler says the wound might have been inflicted by Kinder or by some one else; and with regard (o the direction of (he ball you cannot doubt Dr. Alloway. The value of Dr. Eichler' s testimony is very much lessened from the fact that on the post-mortem examination he over looked tbe fracture of part of the jaw bone, an injury that could sot have been inflicted without the use of a bullet or some other bard substance. There was medical evidence to show that when a pistol was discharged near to the face the explosion would be in all directions ; and this would account fur the ear being forced back. The medical evidence is to I c taken into account with the other matters — the desire to get possession of this woman, her husband being olive, tbe indirect intimation of the means by which (bis would come about— bis predictions that tbe mm would commit suicide — the pm chase of pistols in a clandestine manner, and the practising with the use of bullets. Then what is the state of things ? He says the nan will commit suicide, and the man dies. Prisoner accuses himself of the murder. What a combination of events by way of accident ! His prediction is verified, and, strBEgely enough, he accuses himself ofbeing the person who made the prediction true. Hero, then, we nave prediction, verification, and confession— how marvellously they ooincide c nd tolly with the Motive. Prisoner is proved to swear falsely at (he inquest. Half-an-hour before the shot, Kinder iV shown (o bave been sober, not drunk, and jealousy of Jackson by Kinder is shown never to have f listed. If there was such a letter from Kew Zealand as that mentioned, it should l?nve been produced at the inquest, and Mrs. Kinder should have it now. Is it the act ef an insane man to go and perjure himself in this way,? There is not in the vholc chain of evidence against him a broken link. Giactcd that the man is in some degree demented, that he could not abstain from talking of this woman ; was be not likely to speak of other things connected with Ihe gratifica tion of his paEsion for her F It is in the highest degree pro bable that be did so. There ace export facto evidences of guilt, but do you think it likely (hat these are false accusations when the antecedent state stute iff things agrees with the fact confessed. The idea of murder was pre-existing in his mind, My learned friend speaks of the iniquity of the prisoner, but I am at a loss to Bee the force of an argument founded upon this. Would not such a man be likely to gratify his passion by the com mission of crime.9 Let him have but a flickering of reason to give effect to bis design, and you have the most probable irac for the commission of such a crime. Nor can I see any leaeon why you should acquit bim on the ground of bis wickedness. I have now concluded my task with regard to this cate, so abominable, and the details of which are so bonille, that if it were not necessary to bring it before a a Court «f Justice one would desire to see it blotted out for ever. His Hokor in his charge to the jury said it might not be «'ty to exclude from their deliberations, previously received impressions of the case, or to discharge from their memory what had been heard of details. But it was quite possille to confine their attention to the evidence in the particular case before them, and to act upon it. That duty, he was satisfied, would be discharged by them successfully, if they were earnest in an endeavour to do so. If it was necessary te guard against previously received impressions, it was still more necessary to guard against prejudice with regard to the prisoner himself. It would be affectation to eay (hat they couU look upon his conduct, his writings, and tbe manner of the man, without feelings approaching abhorrence. Tbe very grounds that might exist te induce them to think ill of him independent of the evidence of guilt should lead them to struggle against this prejudice, and to consider not whether be was a bad man, but whether he was the murderer of Mr. Kinder. In the reply now made by the Crown, his Honor said he was relieved of the duty which before was imposed on him of suggesting points. It was very desirable that the facts on both sides should be placed before the jury, not by the Judge alone, but by counsel. No doubt, it was the duty of a Judge to lay before the jury the considerations on both fides, and to sum up fairly and impartially, pointing out those which in his estimation wen against the prisoner, as well as those in his favour. It had been thought by many to be the duty of a Judge to let the jury see what was bis view of the case. In criminal oases he doubted whether that was the Judge's duty, and when life was at stake be doubted whether tie should ever think so. The jury n--pb* ?=» *--° tendeuu} or Hit opinion, - but he thought the Judge Bhould ea far as possible guard against the expression of asy general opinion as to the guilt or inneeesce ef the prisoner. His Honor proceeded to explain the nature of the evidence in this case, which he stated to be partly circumstantial, partly direct, whilst a portion of it was of a mixed character. Looking at all the facts calmly and fully, it was for the jury to con eider the whole, not only those which were regarded as /MiminaJnrv. but also thofie which micht be of an excul patory character, or inconsistent with a rational conclusion of prisoner's guilt. If one single fact in a prisoner's favour be such as could not by any possibility be reconciled with the idea of his guilt, it was obvious that any number of (MiminaUrjg circumstances would go for nothing. But then tliis, which was scarcely a qualification, must be added — if that one fact be not absolutely irreconcileable with guilt, it would bave to be considered with all the other moved fuels ; and although by itself it might be highly suggestive of innocence, and could not be' explained, yet, if the eliminating circumstances were such as to lead irresistibly (« the conclusion of guilt, this must be tbe one pronounced. Take the prosecution of Jackeon and the assistance pri soner gave to stop the hemorrhage from Kinder's wound. If the jury found these facts in a high degree suggested innocence, and they could not understand how, if guilty, he did one or the other, still, if they found the criminatory facts so string that they ceuld not resist the conclusion of guilt, notwithstanding that they could not account for either or both, upon the whole they must be put aside. But as they did not clearly prove bis innocence, and were not absolutely irreconcilable with the idea of guilt, and all the other circumstances satisfied the mind and led to the conclusion (hat he murdered Kinder, there could be no other conclusion than that he was guilty. There were other circumstances that were more or less suggestive of innocence. Then this question arose — could they, or could tb: y not, be explained away ? As. for instance, that with regard to Bertiaad's prosecution of Jackson. He knew (he raon ceuld prove nothing against him, that Kinder had been proved to hare committed suicide, that a prompt prosecution would imply innocence ; and he was imbued with a deadly hatred of Jackson, and when there was nothing at risk, why not have his revenge ? Although conscious of guilt, he knew the man was in his power, and wanted to get rid of him, and from the documentary evidence bis feeling against him appeared to be so strong that he might have prosecuted him at any risk. So with regard te the stanching of the blood ; carrying on the intercourse he did, and this man being in bis power, it would scarcely have been safe for bim not to appear to stanch (he blood. Before any final conclusion could be arrived at of guilt or innocence, tbe credibility of every witness must be considered and decided upon ; their every fact stated by them must be examined, and the fair in ference deducible from each carefully drawn. For instance, the evidence of Jackson and Burne might be passed in re view. Did tbe circumstance under which Jackson came forward form grounds for belief. Some of tbe statements of Burne seemed almost incredible, and if what ho said was to be regarded as truthful, the prisoner could not be less than a demon. Still, both Jackson and Burne might be telling the truth in reference to the conduct of an eccentric wild man. With regard to confessions his Honor desired to correct the impression that be bad said they were rarely to be trusted. There was, however, this difficulty, that unless they were in writing the observations were likely to be misunderstood or misguided. The question was not whether Mrs. Eoberrson, Mrs. Kerr, Burse, or Bellhouse, was mistaken as to what prisoner said, because they all might more or less misquote it ; the sub stance was less likely to be mistaken. Then would come the question whether prisoner was in earnest, or his state ments of any value, because confessions in themselves might be untrue. It was not (as had been stated by the learned counsel for the defence) a common thing that these confes sions were falsely mode. There were instances, but very few. In the excellent work by Taylor, upon evidence, the author asserted that false confessions of crime were very rare. It was said there waB in the diary no reference to the murder of Kinder. Why should the writer state plainly that he murdered Kinder. But (here might be some dark allusion to it. It was said (hat ihe Crown had not called certain witnesses. It was doubtful whether Woods could prove anything if called ; he was present only when the man died. Mre. Kinder might prove something; but she had sworn that her husband nod shot himself. If the evidence of Burne and Jackeon be accepted, certain facts must be undoubted. There was a criminal intimacy between prisoner find Mre. Kinder, formed upon a violent mad pas. sion. Did prisoner or did he not before Kinder's death, state bis anxiety to got a divorce from his wife, talk of Kinder tailing himself, go over three or four times at night to carry out Mb plans, purchase pistols and practise firing; or had he en object to kill Kinder; did hu Bay be would accomplish it if he could — did be pur chase pistols in disguise, cast bullets, and use tbe pistols in practising at a cheep's head— was be not in that state of mind (list he would do what others would avoid— would he run great risks for the love of this woman— was Jacksoa to be believed when he said prisoner told him that he must not be surprised at what happened1 after he went away, and that he (Jackson) would not like to be implicated in the murder of Kinder; and again, was it to be believed that prisoner said he«vould like Kinder (o be found dead whilst Jackson was in the bouse, If these declarations were bo wild how was tbe coincidence (o be accounted for? Was the statement that when recovering Kinder was poisoned to be believed. Tho medical wnxeeees averted that tbe wounu might have been self inflicted by Kinder or by some one else. Jealousy, pecuniary embarrassments, and drink were at the inquest (he reasons assigned for the reputed suicide. His Honor said be could not find any evidence that Kinder was jealous of Bertrand ; be might have been jealous of Jackson, but Jackson' had gone away. If Kinder was left stupid and sleepy, it was quite poseible that a man could get behind bim, shoot him, and then he might be spoken to as if he had fbot himself. Acceidisg to several witnesses, he said he did not do it. The question was whether it was not per fectly possible and probable (hat be was shot, and did not know bow or by whom — whether by bis wife or by Bertrand. Was it likely that, immediately after playing with one of bis children, and buying oysters lor his wife's supper, with so pistol in bis band when be come from Dind's hotel, he would tit down and commit suicide. Did he then, in the presence of his wife and friends, smoke his pipe, take up a pistol, and, instead of putting it to his bend, fare it in the extraordinary way described in the evidence. The jury were informed, by medical witnesses, that it was not an uncommon thing for a person injured so as to produce concussion of tbe brain to be unable after wards to fay how it happened. It wae said the prisoner Bbot Henry Kinder. If he did not die by the shot, then did be die of the shot and something elf e. There was evidence that tbe iojury by the shot was sufficient to cause death, but th e deith might have been accelerated by poison. Prisoner's Btaiement, as to tbe administration of poison \iben Kinder was recovering might be true, because he had in bis possession a deadly poison. The main question was did he die of some injury inflicted by prisoner. His Honor, assisted by his associate, then read over the whole of the evidence. The jury, who were occupied about two hours in delibe ration, returned a verdict of guilty. The prisoner being asked if he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed upon him, made the follow ing statement ; his voice betraying no trepidation, and per hnps only a natural weakness. Although very ably defended by Mr. Dalley and others acting in my behalf, I still bave to coll your Honor's atten tion to the fact that throughout tbe defence no evidence had been taken to prove that Kinder had intimated his intention or threatened in any way to take his own life. This was an, oversight by Mr. Dalley. Witnesses might have been brought to prove that Kinder, shortly before his death, threatened to shoot or drown himself, and stated that he had firearms, powder, and shot in the house with whieh be intended to do it. He was ia such a state of mind from nervous depression that he had to leave the bask. I have lent him mosey until I told bim I ctuld do no mors for him. He was in such dilficulty that nothing in his house belonged to him. This letter from New Zealand pressed heavily upon him, and I have witnes ses who could prove not only that (he letter was given into Eiy hands, but (bat it came from New Zealand ; and it was Suite sufficient to upset the mind of a man labouring under is embarrassments. Neither Mrs, Kinder nor my wife were colled, although (hey ceuld prove my innocence. A certain amount of intelligence and ability is imputed to me, and yet it is assumed that I would en bust such a terrible secret to women, who are known net to be in (he habit of keeping secrets. If I could have poisoned him why should I have stot him. Then as to the statements I made. I was in the habit of bearing jokes and joining in them very freely, with a great deal of nonsense, about the time of prosecuting Jackson, as to shooting men and running away with their wives, and it was in jest that I told my sister what she has stated. But by a kind of fatality, circumstances have been brought together that make it almost evident (bat I am guilty. If 1 made con fefsioBB, and my conscience pricked me, yet I denied them directly afterwards. I have been fairly and im partially tried ; but I do complain that the Crown seemed more intent upon taking my life than was warranted to satisfy the ends ef justice. If I die I am murdered, and in spite of the aecisio& of the twelve men who have given this verdict I defy the world to say that there has been a murder. I do not care for life ; all I am now interested in being to vindicate myself ia justice to my family. I have been unkind to my wife, maddened as I was by love for this woman, and she never seemed satisfied with the mention of my passion. I wrote that diary cot intending it for tbe eyes of anybody but her' self, and to gratify (bat romantic feeling which seemed te be part of her very nature. The facts I mention tan be proved- It is not the end of justice to take the life of an innocent man; its object must be to satisfy society by acting upon the established truth of facts either of innocence or guilt. I wob in the habit of leading a loose wild life, and now, be cause of it, there is imputed to me a crime which was never thought of before Jackson alluded to it in his letter. We two have discussed a marriage with Mrs. Kinder— two men of like character. He said it was not impossible for him to marry ber, but that it was for me. Mrs. Kinder attributed her husband's suicide to jealousy of me, so that, although 1 8m not actually his murderer, I was tie instrument of his death. This pricked my consience. Then 1 strove night and day to tear myself from the fascination which seemed te beset me — to repent of what I had done — and endeavoured to be a better man. This may be ridiculed after what has transpired. It seems to be my fate, and I am content to die. It is not death I fear, but I desire justice. The evidence on the inquest was given truthfully, on my honour as I stand here. I did not wish to expose Mrs. Kinder— it wes not required that I should expose her oimiwicr or my own, bo as unnecessarily to injure either of us. lead, 'To the best of my teller Kinder had no o«a«« fur the unkind way ia which he treated her.' I was striving to teach her to make herself a good home. There is evidence of all that, Itmay be said that Mr. Woods was not called because he was interested, but I complain of the nicst unfair and most unjust manner iu which my cate bos been treated from the beginning to the end -the txparie statements at the Police Office having, in contravention of justice, been published, and the whole case put before tbe public to make a sensa tion. To this I attribute all the prejudice against me. Your Honor is not an interested party, and may have tbe means of ascertaining the truth of what I have said. No evidence ban been taken as to whether Kinder put himself out of the way ; but evidence is adduced to show that I had a motive in getting rid of him, and therefore it is assumed I put bim out of the way. His Ho.voe said : It is mi infrequent thing tor me to hear pioteetations of innocence after conviction; but I have never found it consistent with duty, truth, or the interests of society to accord them any serious consideration. Even under the gallows I have known their innocence protested by men of whoso guilt I hove felt as certain as of anything I have known personally myself, and whose guilt was demonstrated by evidence so clear that no human being possessed of the power of reason could doubt for an instant that the result arrived at had been right. Of course these protestations with many persons go for much, but by those with more experience) equal feeling, more responsibility, who desire to see justice and nothing more, they really pass unheeded. You are evidently a person of great ability, acutenese, and considerable cunning, with sufficient cleverness to Eeize upon weak points and make them appear an excuse, which to reflecting persons could be no palliation whatever. You say you are not afraid te die, and I trust you are not, but believe me, that in the opinion of a great majority of thinking men, wherever this evidence will go, your protestations of innocence will be considered as only due to a hope you entertain of saving your We. You say you desire only to dear your character. For whose sake ? For the sake of your wife and children? Can it be possible that any human being that has heard what has passed at tins trial, who has read tbe diary, who knows your intercourse with that aban doned woman, supposes that you attempt to clear your cha racter for the sake of your wife and children. How can you, who is the same breath, utter a falsehood, be believed in this .? The jury having now pronounced their verdict, I am now at liberty to look at other matters I did not think proper to refer to before. I did not read one line of that to which I am now going to allude. I was informed that Mrs. Kinder might possibly have been tried upon evidence to be given by your wife. Upon inquiry I then made, I found that ehe had indeed given some information that she was stated to have given to your own sister in a confession, but having been permitted to see you, I believe she has receded from it. fPriBoner : I have Bever seen my wife since I have been in gaol.] Then it may be possible she has not receded from it. I shall feel myself called upon after your address, to lay before the public that statement. If ehe was not called as a witness, you must with tbe intelligence you possess, must bave known that she could not be called. She has made a statement which, unless your sister is perjured, positively confirms the verdict ofthejurv. [Prisoner : My sister is perjured.] Then the case displays unparalleled wickedness:, but this, the deepest in dye— that a sister, for no object of her own, should falsely state that your own wife admitted to ber that you had shot Kinder. She may have some remains of affection for your children, and even for the character of their father, but can I doubt that your sister spoke the truth when ehe said fihe heard this extraordinary statement from you. I do not believe vou are an insane man, but a per fectly sane man would never have made the declarations you have made ; and I thoroughly believe your sister when she related this : ?' I said to his wife, good God, has Henry really shot him j' and ahe answered ' Yes, he has,' Her details, too, are quite consistent -with my idea of the mode in which the deed was done. Can any one doubt (he guilt when a man is. accused by wife and sister, and their statement sustains and accords with all the probabilities of the cose F I bear your declaration with sorrow and with pain, but I place not the slightest dependence upon it. I have a greater responsibility than the jury, and I declare to you now, before God, 1 believe you thoroughly guilty, and I have no more doubt of it than that you arc before me at this moment. When I first heard the case I did entertain doubts, and I have lain awake hours thinking over the various points involved, and determined if those doubts were cot removed not to try you again, But now I have not the slightest doubt of your guilt, and I believe I can demonstrate to any man that you are guilty. I think it utterly impossible for a rational person to believe that that man shot himself. You eay he had intentions. I have had great experience in criminal trials, extending over thirty-two years, and have tried perhaps more cases than any Judge in any country, and I have never known a case clearer than your own ; nor have I known a single case in which a man who was really oeterminta to tatt himself talked about it to his friends. If a man talks cf committing suioide, it .is almost a proof tiat he never intends ta take hifl life. Is there the slightest probability ' that without any temptation and with his pipe in his- mouth— having only half an hour before been playing with his chad, and just bought oyatera fcr hU wife and giyeotlivni to tbe servant to. prepare f« topper— this tnfortnnate max shnuH, no pl6tol having Wn eeen in his possession abo.1'. tb*t *^°- S» mte tha ur»wing-room in your presence, kn ^ presence of your wifcmd bit own, and commit a bunfe ImK attempt at guioida like that described by you. No pereo^ever heard of such a thing fa tbe annals of crime. He miynj *'-ve beMl em' barraescdand addicted to drinking. Hou' . he not, beea « drunkard, hie wifa probably would not have h. 'en seduced br Jackson, and you would not bave debauched hi*; 'J'''*? did not give (he temptation to crime by him, .-(; 'Horded opportunities for crime in others. All the tetuoa or Criminal Courts show repeated instances of c.r'n* being committed through the agency of drun.'con nese— the victim being a drunkard, and affsrdVisT opportunities for crime against himBclf, I g(w cot think Kinder was drunk on that day, but whether* diuck or sober it is inconceivable that he could hav« intended to take his life in that bungling, stupid, inctedible manner. Then I find you had every temptation, every mo tive, for destroying bim. You were madly in love with this woman, with a passion eating into your vitals, and you would have committed any crime to bare her as your own. Half mad I believe you to bo, for you never could have talked as you did, unless there was a partial disturbance of your mind — wild, eccentric, Btrango, to as. utterly unpre cedented degree, your mind was overshadowed by the influence (his unhappy woman bad acquired ever you. I hear you say that at the time of writing to ber the impas sioned sentences, burning with love, you had no other intent (hon to satisfy the cravings of her romantic toolings. Why, you admit that you, wrote them as a deep and abandoned hypocrite. I do not believe it. I believe that maddened by the passion of your attachment to her you did this terrible deed, and your statements previous were to be accounted for by the idea Ibat in saying bis death was likely to oocur, when it eventually took place, you aa his friond would not bo looked upon with suspicion. 1 do not make any excuses for Jack son ; bis conduct was extremely bad. But I feel some sym pathy for bim, believing that he epoko the truth. I think he deserves punishment, but the low was never meant for a case like his, but for persons who wrote threatening to accuse persons of crimes they sever committed, I am satisfied ho believed what ho Bald that you did to bim utter dark, mysterious, dangerous hints, and used expressions justifying, him in the belief that yeu intended to commit tho murder ; and therefore I think (he man should be pardoned. Ho has had sufficient punishment for writing that imprudent letter. A prudent loon would sn.v, ' I cannot prove the case against this cunning person, nnd it will only involve mo in ruin ; but I know what baa taken place, it is horrible, and I wUl go to (be police and let them take what steps they choose.' Yet, being in distress and trouble, ho said he would be silent if you gave him £20, with which, probably, he would have gone to New Zealand at once, and nothing would hove been beard of bim. It was grossly wrong to barter away the interests of justice in that manner. But he did not dcroaEd money by (hreatemng to accuse you of crime without having grounds for believing you committed it. Ton allude to what you call a prejudice against you, yet you must see that it arises in an abhorrence of your proved crimes, and which is the almost universal feeling of the coui.tr}', and this verdict will, I believe, be received with perfect approval. On this trial there have been adduced two points making the case stronger than before ; and I am not surprised the previous jury should entertain doubts. New, I think there would be scarcely a dissentient voice against a verdict of guilty. Nothing can pain a Judge so much as tbe assumption that a verdict is nnjust. I believe you to bo guilty, and I shall feel deeper pain than I express if I thought there were any thing wrong in the verdict, because I am satisfied yeu will suffer death. I am sure you deserve the verdict, and I am certain in my rcind that it is true. And when you talk sbout idle words, and complain of being spoken of as a fiend, surely when one reads your journal, hears what is said bv your a'eter, by Mrs. Hoberteon, by Burne, by Balf house, and knows why you invited this man to your house, all their testimony, uniting and tending the same way, you cannot but be- regarded as a fiend. You are not a human being in feeling. I can speak of you with compassion, be cause I do not think you are fully possessed of the mind that God has been pleased to give to almost all of us. On that account alone I feel some sympathy. It is distressing and sad that asy father of a family, a man that might be useful in his generation, should die on a scaffold for a crime that mokes human nature shudder. The sentence is that you be taken hence to the place whence you came, and thence, on a day to be named by the Governor in Council, to theplace of execution, and atthat place be hanged till your body be dead. If you are to find mercy, as I hope you will, seek it elsewhere, but from no human tribunal. The prisoner asked if he might be permitted to seo his wife. His Honor directed bim to moke any application of that land to the Sheriff, but he hoped that that officer would be very cautions before complying with the request. The prisoner up to the time of his removal from the dock maintained bis self-composure. Saturday. Before his Honor the Chief Justice. ME6. KINDER. With reference to (he case of Maria Helen Kinder, his Honok said it must either be discharged or proceeded with, end unless Mrs. Bertrand could eive evidence it was plain that prisoner must be discharged! It was impossible that ber husband could have been poisoned. In a newspaper article it was asked wby Mrs. Kinder was not put upon her trial ; but he could not see any possiWity of making' out a case against ber. The counsel for the prisoner called his attention to tnls article, with the Intention on that ground to move for a postponement of her trial. Bertrand was convicted upon statements and confessions of bis. own in, connexioa with certain circumstances, and these did not touch the case of Mre. Kinder. There was no hope of a conviction against her ; and she must be discharged. After the usual proclamation of the Court, His Hokoii said the only observation I have to 'make ta you, Mrs. Kinder, is that I hope you will quit this colony as soon as you can. You are discharged. When assisted from the dock, the calmness with which ehe entered it gave way, as with drooped head and faltering; steps she returned to the precincts of the gaol. There was a sudden movement of spectators from the Court, which was however arrested by bis Honor intimating that be bad-given, orders for Mrs. Kinder to be removed to the gaol for pro tection, and there ehe would remain for a short time. The more than usually prolonged sitting of this Court thus terminated. 