MORE FIGHTING IN NEW ZEALAND. THIS WEST COAST. THE following is a telegram from the Wellington Correspondent of the Otago Daily RYMAN of Arthur.: Wellington, October 15. Letters from the West Coast state that Major M'Donnell started from Kolomurai on Monday night week, with seventy-five Europeans and fifty natives, and just before daylight rushed a thlekly-fouced village. His call to surrender was answered by a volley from hares, which were earthed, stabbed, and shot proof. The rebels made several allies, but were as often driven in the forces in the meantime removing the earth covered roofs, and pouring in volley after volley. All the whares were burnt and BOBIO of the nine prisoners taken Bay that fourteen were burnt in the ruins, in addition to twenty-one picked up dead. As the force retired, the neighboring natives came up, but were beaten off; Ensign Poma killing three. Threats and a cocked pistol compelled the prisoners to show the forces a short cut back, and compelled them to help in carrying the wounded, of whom there were four, and three killed. October 11. The captain of the Sturt, when off Patea yesterday, was told by some soldiers, that from one to two hundred rebels had surrendered their arms to Major M'Donnell's competent person is being sent to Wareham, Castle Point, to report on a petroleum spring. When discovered, it was set on fire, and burnt for a week. The efforts of several men were required to extinguish eternal and Co., merchants, have had a meeting of creditors, who directed the business to be kept on under inspection, the difficulties being only temporary. THE EAST COAST. The Hawkes Bay Times gives the following description of a successful attack upon a rebel pa :- - At daylight, on the morning of Friday, the several companies were in the position assigned them in general orders the evening before The friendly natives (about 200 in number) were distinguished by a red and white Bash on the left arm. The whole were under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Whitmore. At daybreak the HauHaus must have been astonished at seeing themselves virtually surrounded by an armed force of such numbers, but their courage or desperation, whichever it may be termed, does not seem to have been at all affected by the spectacle. At daylight a letter was sent to the rebel pa under a flag of truce, of which Mr. Hamlin was the bearer. In that letter they were required to surrender and give up their arms within one hour, otherwise they would be attacked. They refused to have anything to say to him, although he waited fully half-an-hour for an answer. An extension of time about another hour-was given by the commanding officer, but they showed no disposition to take advantage of it, and were plainly to be seen dancing round their Hau Hau pole, as if invoking the aid of their god in the impending struggle. About this time Captain Rhodes, with part of the Clive Company, all mounted, made his appearance and this and the other companies took up the positions assigned to them. After two hours had been allowed the enemy, the order was given to advance, which was done in the most cool and gallant manner-the Napier companies marching from Puketapu side, and fording the river. Not a shot was fired until the men got close to the pa. The firing was then hot and heavy, and was fiercely returned by the HauHaus under good cover. After hard fighting for an hour and a-half, our people got completely master of the enemy's position ; he then hoisted a flag of truce and surrendered -the only course to save himself from utter destruction. Before that the pa would have been rushed, but for the danger arising from a cross fire, which was imminent under the circumstances of its being pretty well surrounded by the friendly natives and the colonial forces. Upon the flag of truce being hoisted, the officer commanding had considerable difficulty in restraining the friendly natives from rushing in and killing the prisoners. Upon the pa being entered a ghastly spectacle of dead and wounded presented itself, and the survivors, some 58 in number, laid down their arms (among which, in opposition to a statement made by a local contemporary,notaGovernment rifle was to be seen, and surrendered. The HauHau losS was severe-the killed having numbered 21, and the wounded about the same, many of whom are now under treatment in the hospital. Among the dead was Perhaps, the prophet and among the prisoners, Nikora of Tarawera, a chief of note, and well known in Napier. He was formerly a native assessor, and held other employments under Government. Our casualties are less numerous than might have been expected, but of narrow escapes the name is legion. The killed are but two William Young, a private of No. 4 company, formerly in Mr. Fisher's employment at Green- meadows as a ploughman, and latterly the holder of a small farm. The poor follow will be buried on Saturday afternoon with the usual honors on such sad occasions. A friendly native, Karamea, an uncle of Karaitiana, was also killed. The wounded were-Captain Kennedy, No. 2 company, gunshot wound left shoulder ; H. Brooking, gunshot wound in left arm, and ball passed through chest, dangerously ; H. Morrison (boat builder), gun shot wound in left thigh, dangerously; G. Lawson, gun shot wound right arm, John Elliott, No. 3 (Clive) company, gun shot wound in right thigh, severe ; Joseph Shirley, gun shot wound in right leg ; Skitch corn, of No. 4 (Meanee) minds, gun shot wound in the arm ; A liar dice, Captain Gordon's cavalry, gun shot wound, hand, slightly ; F. E. Hamlin, slightly in arm. The wounded were attended to by Dr. Thorpe, who was every- where present, rendering invaluable assistance to the wounded, European and native. "We regret that, notwithstanding the precautions taken by the officer commanding, some thirteen or fourteen of the enemy escaped from the pa. They were pursued, however, by the Meaneo mounted volunteers, and by Captain Gordon's men (who had just come up), and clover brought back, wounds having been in flicted on two of those in the pursuit. Among those recaptured was the notorious Nikoro, who must be an unmitigated scoundrel. The number of Hau Haus who really escaped does not, we imagine, exceed three or four, and they will not, in all probability, long escape the vigilance of the authorities. Among the HauHaus killed, as we have already said, was Parnapn, their chief prophet. There was also Ripe of to Hare to, their fighting chief, and his brother KiugiU the latter well known as a turbulent fellow who lived at Moana Nni's as in the lifetime of that chief, and who gave the Europeans a great deal of trouble There was also Henare, likewise a Hare to chief, so that, including Bangi birds, killed by Major Fraser's party, a nest of rebellion has been completely rooted out. It is a pity Poore Toki is at large, but he will soon, we trust, be taken. Almost simultaneously with the surrender of the HauHaus at Omanama, Major Fraser and party, on the Petauo side, encountered those arch rebels, Bangihiroa and Poore Toki, with 30 armed men, coming down the valley. As the only answer of the HauHaus to the demand for them to surrender was to present their places, they had to be dealt with in the same summary way as their friends on the Tutao kauri. FALL OF THE ROOF AT PRESTON RAILWAY STATION Shortly before three o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, a portion of the roof of the Preston Railway Station fell in, with a tremendous crash. The condition of the station has been complained of for years, and the Proston corporation have time after time sought to induce the owners-the London and North Western and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies to improvo'orromovo it. It was the roof of the eastern side of of the station that gave way. Glass was hurled in all directions, . iron girders were thrown about, pieces of wood were torn in pieces, booking-office windows were smashed, and a length of roof measuring about 40 yards was completely demolished. At different parts of the day large numbers of persons occupy the spots upon which the debris fell, and if the accident had taken place little later, it is probable that the loss of human life would have been great. As it was, a woman was very badly out in the head, and a points- man had a very narrow escape. WooD Pox? A SUBSTITUTE FOR BAGS. When linen rags were scarce with us, in the first war of the French revolution, straw and wood were attempted to be introduced as a substitute in the manufacture of paper. M. Koop published, in 1891, an " Historical Account of the substances which have been used to describe events and to convey ideas prior to the invention of paper." The book was printed upon paper made solely from straw, and an appendix was added, struck off upon paper made from wood. The internecine war in America seems to have exhausted the old rags, and paper is now chiefly obtained from Europe The Americans are, however, improving upon M. Koop's invention, and on the Schuylkill at Philadelphia large works have been established, which daily con vort twenty tons of wood-pulp into soft white paper. A number of scientific men recently attended at the works, and during their visit a poplar tree was felled and converted into clear line paper, all within the space of five hours. But perhaps more important is the discovery of a new textile plant in Mexico, having extremely long fibres, similar to home, but superior in fineness, and which may be used in the manufacture of textile fabrics the same as flax, the west, it is said, by holding a substitute for rags in the manufacture of of paper The Reader. A NEW PRACTICAL MEOIIANIOS' BDLE. Mr. William Hay, of High Street, Dumbarton, has forwarded us a practical mechanics' rule, of his invention, which will be found useful in the drawing office as well as in the workshop. It has all the usefulness of an ordinary two-foot rules, with the addition of several peculiar advantages. Humorous practical questions can be worked by its aid, such as finding the circum- force of any circle the side of the greatest square that care be inscribed in a given circle ; the radius of a circle that will circumscribe a given square ; the side of a square equal in area to a given circle ; constructing any regular polygon, ke. In foot, the rule is one of the most useful we have soon and with Mr, Hay's book of instructions, should be found wherever mathematics are practically dealt with Mechanics' Magazine. IN some English town-the exact locality of which the report does not state-a company of Spiritualists met one evening to hold communications with unseen worlds. A gentleman was asked if he should like to call a spirit. "I should," the gentleman replied. " Whoso f" asked the medium. Lindley Murray's." Lindley Murray's ghost appeared erect right through the table. The gentleman shuddered. All trembled. The medium was visibly affected. " Are you the spirit of Lindley Murray ?" asked the gentleman, astonished at his own courage in addressing a visitant of the other world. "You, I are!" boldly responded Lindley Murray's ghost. Poor Lindley Murray ! TiiKHE is a legend that, one day, a woman went to Brigham Young for counsel, touching some alleged oppression by an officer of the church. Brigham, like a true politician, as seemed to know her but, when it become necessary to record her case, hesitated, and said, "Let me see, sister, I forget your name." " My name !" was the indignant reply, " why, I I am your wife !" " When did I marry you ?" The woman informed the " President," who referred to an account- book in his desk, and then said " Well, I believe you are right. I knew your face was familiar ! THE husband of a pious woman having occasion to make a voyage, his wife sent a written request to the minister of the parish : but instead of spelling and pointing it properly, viz. : " A person having gone to sea, his wife desires the prayers of the congregation," who spoiled and pointed it as follows ; " A person having gone to see his wife, desires the prayers of the congregation." 