THE LATE TOM SAVERS. " I'oor Tuiil's a' cold 1" Within a brief space, Lords . Lyndhurst and Palmerston, Leecli and Herring, thu very erncks of thuir calling liuve gone down, and now Saycrs, the hero of so many figlits, Iins'ioined tliu silont dead. It was a plnip, liomoly name, but there was not a corner of the world whore it hod not been heard. His championship had been won o'nd held on a harder tenure than riding a charge into Westminster Ilall, throwing, down a mailed glove, and then breaking out again. Three titled Thoinnses furnished inspirations to the poet of the old " Tum- ltinid," and Oribb, Spring, ' mid Suyers aro borons moot for the new. With " Little Tom," ns-tho world loved to call him when he "gave away five inches and uigli tlircc'stono," the choicest'mcmnries of tlio Ring die out.' They date back to the days when stars and garters thronged the Newmarket cockpit — when the Fives Court, with Tom Johnson or" Big .Bon" on Its stage, was so popular with the Cor inthians as Vauxliall — and when princes of the blood did not siirnplo'to back their men beneath the gibbet ; of Jerry Abcrshuw. Dean Milner, in his zeal for universal knowledge, did not scruple to cross examine Mendoza as to bis art when llicy inct on thu deck of a pnoket-liont : nnd Dick Christian assures us that tho Rutlandshire magistrates rushed off, when sessions wore over. " the whole, kit' on 'em," to the fight at riiisleton Gap. Midland rustics wore long wont to perservo " Yell day, when Oribb wallopped Molinaux,' as a guiding date in family matters, niul in tho witness-box as well. Modern history will have its work out oiit to decide between rival beliefs whether tlio ring and Langnn tourney or " the crowning mercy " is the bona fide battle at Wordiest or; and, despito the cocklings of the clan Uadfield, thu Farnbovough meadow where Sayers and Hounan stripped to tlio belt for tlio Champion ship on that bright April morning, lias a solid signi ficance for millions. Tom's challenge, nnd its prompt acceptance in tho New World, touched n "truly British "chord. Patriarchs burnished up their iiiumiirioH, and boasted how tho " Gentleman Jackscn' of their boyhood was wont to be Lord Pem.vwe's guest at Brechin, and told strange anecdotes ' 'to bold Blochor's and Pearco, the Gamo Chicken, J A perfectly new body of fistic literature sprang ap. Stately papers, which lmd hitherto frowned on ' thu Fancy from a distance, wero compelled to come into thu fashion, and even tbo moru serious onos quoted tliem, merely as tlioy said, for reproof nnd warning, but really to got the leading fuels on to the record. "Essays in the intervals of business" wcru oral nnd highly pugilistic in their tone. Paterfamilias knew by close application to his sporting paper how llceiuiu had evaded the Buffalo bail bonds, and how the Louden legates lmd gractcd him as he stepped from his Ciiuaid cabin on to English soil. " Bulls" and " bears" paused amid their labours to discuss what diocese ho would next choose for bis . training, when tho Bishop of Salisbury had cursed liiin by caudle, bell, anil book. " Pienco.inan X1' chuckled over tlio discomfiture of tiio Meddlesome Matties from Ely, who liegged the Newmarket bench in vain to . endorse their warrant against " one Thomas Suyers ;"aml tlio spirit of the faithful Com mons ran so high oil the eve of the fight that, if " thu intelligent foreigner" had penetrated the smoking-room ho would have left it with the rooted conviction that Sam Rogers would bo oalled to tlio bar of thu IIouso, niul publicly thanked by the Speaker for smuggling Torn out of Newmarket iu a horse-box. if ten tlupisand had been tho bail, tlio Stock Exchange and fi'attersftil's- would have found the monoy rather thai mar sucli a meeting. As for Sir Richard Muyno '.\jiil tho Home Secretary, who could doubt that the Premier had made them " safo," or that Pain " Held tho bottlo, and Europe the stakes" on that truly eventual day? Evon gontle wo.ucn who would havo shrunk from nny sympathy in the events of a common being Tuesday, felt the soft infection, and did "so liopo our man would win." And yet ' our man" was the most unconcerned of nil. Sn Sunday, tliu only news of him (was that ho had taken his walks abroad, or rather mused, in the Highgntc mendowB with his children. | On Monday, ho hud only seou n few friends who wiiro anxious to feel his muscle, nnd Iind . ' gone to bell at an early hour." Tho " Son lic,\ s of tho Ring" 4ave told whnt enmo with his waking — liow from the recossos of his carriaga. just as tlio grey dawn striigtlod into dny, lie saw, fot the first time, his toll rival, gliding like a ghost, in a long loose cont, nnd a false heard and moiistaolio. along tho platform — how the turned nnd took a nap, ns if such an immelisely muscular Christian had boon quite a soothing vision — how, with his left arm disabled and folded helplessly on bis breast, lie stood up tiie foi ty flrat round, nnd all but redticod Heennn to blindness/ and how, from that day forward, tho right arm off man received a name now to anatomists, to wit, " phe auctioneer." Then camo the sccnud act of Farnhorough drama, rich in strango incongruities and V startling effects.'' Heonan raticorously persisted in living when one, if not two, non-sporting jotirnnis, ?in their new-born zeal, bad killed him ; and his American doctor wus presnntcd at Court. Tom bore hiniself modestly, nnd only wore a ring or two trior at anil a magnificent diamond brooch, which ho vaiiu/d at thirty guinons A Bluclier or a iVollingtuii couljil not have been re ceived more rapturously on tlJo Stock Exchange, which felt in its breeches' pocluets as well as in its heart for him ; and £3000 wns (invested for himself and liia children. Tlion the/ " hottlo-holdor,'' un- shuckled by official reserve, damo out in his true light, and gavo his " fiver " /when W Rarl! purse went round. Sfr. Gull/ greet;: tlio warmth of an old gteiffutjt wli'V HedjheT.0' Houtli, and added, ns ho might' its, Jlio, " I do.. ... know, Tom. how you did it " After this wo had disuinl and diurnnl " reconciliations," nnd buckling on nf burrowed belts at tliu Albambra; and, when " benefits" began to run dry, tho man who had been tho genius of ono ring cssuyeil to be the Widdicotnb of another. Tliu managerial business wns not Tom's forte. Ho liked well enough tlio triumphal car entry ns Champion into a town, drawn by ail the nvailublu horse stiongth of the establishment, and tho mutes, Poto mid Bnrnoy, ns his esquires ; hut that didn't Inst long. A chat with his old Caindon Town friends or driving his dun cob in n gig was his modo of enjoyment. There was a fort of sub lime indiirerencu or quiet stoioisui a limit liim. l\ believed thoroughly in Hcotian and Cnptain Barclay! very slightly in magistrates, and coitainly not in the axistuncu of an Oxford Yico-Ohnnaellor, or tho necessity of a licotiso from " such a still' cove" befuru lie pitched his circus, lioncu his best friends found liim a child of nnturo uncommonly had to guide, when keeping in condition was ail essontinl, or whou- ovev " a difficulty," domostic or othorwiso, turned up. Ill short, Sftvo Hint lie scorned to sponge on Hyone, lie whs much of the snmo turn of mind as Toots's Ohiokon," who reduced all. his Htcticnl advice to " go in and win," and considered, consulted on an aifnirof the lionrt, that doubling- the storn father of your ladylove was decidedly a H>vo in tho right direction. Such men may not do oounspllers, and such bulldog valour may not have genernl application, but still it carried our men Rth a steady tread up tho heights of tho Alma, and Bpt tho square unbroken nt Waterloo. Tom knew Bttlii himself, and honco he had 110 perception of Btolicnto dntios of n second ; and, clad in n fur a Jellow flaiir.el vest, and jack-hoots, lie handed by his hair, or wherever I10 could first catch hi tho tight — tho last ho ovor attended — when' Mtatodod him against King. Although by 110 in his temper, he had 110 idea of B£ed, and did not caro much for being feted. onco made tho hero of n supper party,. Bj|t<y down on tliu sofa when lie had finished TBaland went to sleep j and wlian' 011 ' another roconsion, lie fancied that ho was askod merely to make sport for tho Philistines, he growlod out that lio would presently walk round tho table and " pnnoh , B all your heads," A bench of country magistrates also remember well his stony British stare, and his . growl of "Who are you?" when tho " fastest ", of thorn body claimed acquaintance with him, as a show off, in front of a country hotel. His features how- ovor, wore their kindliest glow whou Sir Tntton sought him out in tho Donoastcr enolosuro, and con- I gratnlatcd him ou his triumphs. The old baronet I was dainty 111 his fistic recognitions, nnd merely I walked round " tho Staley-bridge Infant hut when Nat Langham took liis stand noxt.to him at tiiernils, and reminded him how ho had beaten Tom in his day. bo at once drew of his vonerablo. boavor glove, and, suiting tho word to tho deod. said in his gentle way, " Well, then. sir. I can uow sav that I've shaken : hands with two bravo men."- — London Paper. . 