TIHE LOSS OF TIHE LtODA. On Tuesday, February 20, great consternation and excitement was created is Brisbaue by the receipt of a telegram from Gladstone stating tlhat the Sironia,, e.s., while on her passage from Sydney to Oludstone, lad passed a large American-built ship on fire inear Iady Elliott's Island. This was the iwhole of' tihe information theu tranusmitted, and from this it was surmised lthat thie ship oas an inmigrant rvessel bound to some one of the northere ports of the colony. The greater probability was givesu to this conjectu'e by tie fact that thie Sultana from Liverpool to lerreyv' Boy was due, and might Ihavne been sighted i thie nIeiglh bournhood above menstioacd. It many be reandily imnagined what distress and tixieti would be felt by those who rexpected friends and relatives samong her five huidred and fifty-eight passengers. On tlhe following evreisig, howerer, a telegram was received from Marybeorough, which put an end to all doubt5s as to thie munue asid identity of the ship. It stated that the captain, crew, anid l;assengers of thie bursing resel had arrivedeed at Iiatplaece in safeyl, aid thau tihe vessel was the barque Lods, 637 tons, Calptain Wade, fron Mielbourne to Shanghae, with a cargo of coal. On Friday Captain Wade arrived in Brisbane, by tIhe Mlorence iring, a., and from himi we learned the saub-. joined particulars of this disastrous occurrenc:-e The barque Loda was originally fromi Carditff; withI a cargo of coals, bound to China, but Ihaving sustainied damage on the passage, shte miade for Melbourne to refit. There she reiahued somne time, while 1ePsir were being executed, aisd finally sailed fros PoFrt Plilip in the prosrcution of her voyage on Jaunary 52\. From that time all wem t well, nud she had mso klrate windsnand fine weather, until February ii, whenc she was in latitude 18 deg. 30 minill. south, and longi tade 162 deg. east. At this time her mishaps com menced. Towirds the evnciug of that day the sitd 'freshened, and at last beeame a perfect cyclone, conm mencing at south- cast. Fromu the position of the "'asibbetween Bampton Shoal and New COledonia,. "Cplain Wade was unable to heave the ship to, so he ran her before the gale. The sea was terrific, and as the'iessel laboured i thie trough, tle crests of the Whares would occasionally break over the bularkrs, filling,thie decks with water and swanmpiig thie cabins. As'if-o add 'to the horrors of the niiglt, there was 'hea' and incessant rain throughlout the gale. Cap :tshi Wade rah before the wind as long as hlie was able, fied then hove'the ship to under the nmanitopsail. This was blownu away by the force of tie wind, the &~ry of whieh may be conceived by thIe fact that the sail wts new, ihad been bent on for the first tinse in Melbourne, and was made of the best tiourock cauvas. 'Thl ship vas tten lying under btre poles, and was slabouring o heavily tlhati to ease her Captain 'Wade cut away the backsteays, and allowed thie topmalasts to fall deer the side. This had the desired oeffect to some extent but before the slip could be cleared of the ,ieiol, the siars striking and chafing against her with the action of the sea had made a large hole in hlier side flbout the b saer line. As theplankiang was not broken completely through, she did not leak- to a dangerous bxtent. Abbout noon on Iste 7thl the weathlor mode rated, but left the ship a complete wreek, and almost unmshlageable from the loss of lher spars. During the gtale; whirs lasted for about eighteen hours, the lowest reading of the barometer was 28"85. An attempt ins made to lighten tihe ship uith thie view of rnoiahi the dasisaqd placsi in her side above water; but, after throwasi overboard a portion of the cargo, it was found thatthe diminution of the weight caused hlier Sto labour moso heavily, anid the attempt was aban doned. From that time thie shdrip was so far fortunate as not to meet with anymore bad weanther, as it would lharebeen impossible for her to lhave lived throughl another gale. She drifted, rallther thlo sailed, until Monday last, February 19, wlhen sIle was in the posi tion described bythe cptain of the Saxonia. Prior to that time, she had twice been in imminent dauger of drifting O'ni to thb reefs of Iampton Shoall, and once had a narrow esoipe of striking on Wrek Reef. On Mondny moriing, tw was found on sounding the pumps, which had always been carefully attended to, that shae wa 'leaking to a serious extent. Th?creupos Captain Wade called the crew oft, and exploiting the nature of their'eituation, asked them whether they had nottiettoik leaorB the ship. Thev unanimouasly expressed themselves in favour of thisresolution. Tlhe boats, which had been kept int readiness for this emer gOney ever since the gale had ceased, were then launched, and 'at 1180 a.i. 'Captain Wade, itlh hIis wife, stewardess, and the whole of the ship's compansy, fourteen persons in ill, left the ship in two boats. The' steered for Herrvey's Bay, COptain Wade in tending to pass through Sandy Island Straits, and thusasake forlbiabaue. 'Whets half-n-mile from the ship it was noticed that sihe sts on fire near the galley. Captain Wade does not kowr the cisuse of the fire, as there was no appearance of anythling of the kind be fore he left, but hie conjectures that in the hurry of leasing the staysail may hare been hauled down and allowed to remain on the galley funnel, or that some hot Aoals may hase fallen out of the stove ntd set fire to the ualley. About 5 p.m. on thei same day tihe smoke of a steamer neau seen approlaching the boats. They hove to mad made sigauls to her, but did not succeed in attracting her attention, and aos sehe altered her course the boats againt proceeded. During tIhe might the boats came across onio of the buoys at thle mouthl of the Mary Rirer, whilch was thOen nknonsn to the shipwrecked crew, but they determined on fol lowing the channel as marked. After getting some distance up the Mary, the boats fell in with Mr. Brown, with an aquntic pilnic party front e Mary boroagh, asd under his direetion they wesnt tp to towa This concludes Captain Wade's narrative. BRE-CR OF Qt'aUnAE LE.--At the Water Police Cout, JBrisbane, lust week before the Police Msgie (ate James Brennun, Abrahams Roberts, F. W. R'clirdu, Henry Lumeden, Joln Gooden, Joseph Pen fold, John Clark, Charles Fislher, and iWilliam Mid dleton, were charged with the above ofl'ence.--Wil liam Williams, captain of the Legion of 1isnor, de posed that the vessel arrived in the Bay on the 25th ultimo, atd anchored on the 27th l; the pIrisonIers be fore the court had come out it this vessel as seamens; inone of theim were commissioned to leave the ship; he missed them about half-pat l two on thei morningt of the 28th, anid missed the life-boat alaso; ut that titme the ship had not been boarded br the Ilealthi-Otlcer, and it had not been admitted to jratique; t ble flag was flying at thie nmain mstt; she was boarded by the Healthl-Ofileer some few hours after the men were missed; before they deserted, they laesld the second effleer to theo mast.-- Sergeaut Brdr, stationed at Sandgate, deposed tlhat he observed n boat beside the beach, on the 28th tultimo, at isbout 5 o'clock in the morning; he was informed that elerci roilors had been aeen oni the road from Sauidgate ito Bristinae; he followed them and overtook then,; Is arireste?ld them on the chalrge of deserting their ship ; hie got thesm ms far as the German Stition, whean thIi wentl into the public-houtee lthere, and would niot cosw out; hie ob tained assistance, asd succeeded in bringinig Ithe nite prisoner before the courtinto Brisbanse; two S ofthe men escaped. The Bncel said tmhat it was a very serious offenc; the lowest pensalty wtliict the lanw allowed was a fine of£50 each, or in delfault, thr(le monlths' imprisonment; that was the penaltty Is wsomld inflict upon them. John Crokes, one oflthe *oiloars who had eslped front Sergeant Bradv'r custody, was then charged with thle above offene; hle ienalsed guilty, and received similar sentence. Our Port Denison acontemporary has the followisg: -H.M.S.S. Salumander arrived lhere on W'ednesdavy, Jan. 31, in charge of Lieutenafit Edwin. Sihe brisgs the English mail of N'ovember Ilst. After lhaving been docked and overhauled is Sdneey, site wentc to NewenIstle to take in cab. Thcr she' crelated a deal of eacitement, imuneroils visitors thronging Isr dect on thIe Sunda to see thie frst inan-of-war that had entered their port. liavisg coaled, she priceeded to Brisbane, and left there again on the 2ith ult. C'sp tain Nares, her new cotmmnder, resmained int Whit sunday Passage witlh i nausber ef eoliers. and imen. where they pre engaIgedl iu survevimg. T'ie stLmerIts relsrned veoterdas to ltie islandsd, ussl, will be heee again in nbout s fortnight oin her way to Cape York. She hIs on board nerew-piles eind otller requqisites for erecting sis beacosi ot dilierent rieefs snd isluii-hnmsi:s on the aorthlern coast. hts hier sway norllh shie wirll call oft'Clevnelasl ]1ey I, land olliirs is a boat:i crew, who will be cssptlored surieveyiig ths sy s)l Illt her return to thlis ,orl -,werao lse will tike iui 150 tons coal, to be br-nsght by tlhe blarque ,Illesmler--. We fear our fi'iends at Cleveland sins will bi disap.I pointed at the SalamhOsder stot vi.siting their lort iher self, as we believe it was in contemplation to give the ofleicers a dinner. On Thursday foreiosn is ? et' scehooser veCh]lt ns.o launched from lthe builhlinig ymri of Mr. IC. Moant, ti Southi Brisbane, fo' the lImi. G. Ihirris. iThe vesetlI in questios is an old frieind, knowa as the -linlet's Ghost, atd she has undergone such a ilri:unorillosr is that 0o orle aequainted witth her originasl f;)-m wousld ~'"Wuri~sr r as the samte craft. ler hlistory has tot ems?uul s?. 'TIsl origiilf "OGhosI," as ' ' .ktit'eu 'a otll of Denmaarlk. The reef land been occupied by the master of tlhis whaler, Captailn Bennettl, as a depot for stores, &c.;, and it was in approaching it that the vessel was wrecked. The crew reached the depot in safety by means of the boats; and to eascape from this dreary aild desolute spot they built a boat out of the remains of the schooner and some boat planks which Captain 'Bennett had in store. In lher Captain Bonnettlt and his crew, after suffering considerable hardships, ?ue cceded in reaching this port. Subsequently ishe woas purchosed by her present owner for £100. He laid out a rolsiderable sum upon ler to fit her for the lighterilg trade, anrid hadi her altered from a echlooner to a ketch. .k. a lighter she was not a profitable vessel, owing to hier small capaeity for cargo, and idtimately sher was laid up. More recently asie was placed in the hands of Mr. Monk to convert her into a pleasure yarht, andi the result amy be seen in the soarL little schooner now moored offhlis yard at the south side. Mr. Monk hnas also on hbnd a vessel of a aery different class. We allude to the light-ship building for the Queensland GovernmeLnt, aid in Leided to be stationed at Keppel Bay. Within a hunidred yards of this vessel Mr. V'. Peltigrewhas the keel of a steamer laid. Titis vessel will be about 80 tons burtthen, with a light draught, and is intended to tow rafts of timber for the supply of his exteniirce awmsills. 