COLONIAL GHOSTS. A dsy or two ago the following story was tri„„ currency to by the Daylesford Exprts* \ —W* vouch for the truth of the following s'ngolar ste™ and though not superstitious, are compelled to ackn ledge that we cannot offerany satisfactory exoWw*" ofthe event. On one of the dark and rainy last week a gentleman was walking with a ltmp aW the western side of Jamieaon-street, or Spring C w road, towards WiUs-eqoare. The »ky was black ink, the ground sodden with moisture, and noihia* was to be heard but the fitful pattering of the dm? that fell from the clouds. Suddenly he heard hit. steps behind hSm, which approached nearer nearer. Glancing round, ssa man is apt to do when a etran grr follows in a somewhat lonely place sndh can scarcely see his hand before him, no one visible. The feet of ths mysterious pedestrian how ever, making that peculiar sound which the bo'ota do when suddenly drawn from w«t cisy, gained on our informant. But be took no farther notice of iv, other, who was evidently In haste, till he felt asetuihv kick on the heel Concluding that in the obacutitr the traveller in the rear had untentionally run ajtaiMb him, our informant turned the lamp backward--!*,* no person was there. Hither and thither wu th light then directed witb no better success. On on side of the raised footpath was the road, on ths oth * a paddock, five-orsix feet below the level of th. ground on which he stood. Having satii&ed; him self that whoever might hsve been present in th» spirit, nobody was in the flesh,OUT hero resumed hi wsy. For an instant he felt an involuntary creep™, over tbe muacles, bat thia soon passed off, aai ł,, reassured himself with Hamlet's rellection thst " there ate more things in heaven and eatth than »r» dreamt of in our philosophy." We can raadily un ćerstsnd our informant's hearing may have been da' ceived, but we leave to o'hera more versed fan ourselves in " demonology," to account for two senit. being beguiled at the same time. This, however IJ beaten by the Warreabeipcorrrspondent ofthe Saka. rat Star, whoiB the author ot the followingw lr renbeip hss been for a lengthened period notorious for many things, in fact for »U things short ol actual can nibalism, and itis not quite clear that we would not* have perpetrated this horrible crime, had the pertan of the firatdiscoverer of our savage propensities bten fairer to the vi-?w, but unlike most savages we iri particular io our food. We are now about to add to our former notoriety by producing the first colonial ghost, a real (1 was nesrly saying live), ghost snd no mistake about it. St Kilda has already tried it. ghost story, and other parta of the colonybavelollowed suit, but all failed, and up to the pre>ent the nearest approach to a ghost on thia aide of the line, w ai ih lt put on the stage of tbe Theatre Royal some time am For Warreaheip has been reserved the good fortune of producing the Srat veritable ghost, and the itirv runs thus: —In the vicinity ot Magillsand Coghlsn', brewery, lives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name betokens, of tbe Emerald Lie, who, for some • deed done in his days,' is now tormented by a i py t of the other world, which makes its presence inovn by constantly lighting thecandlecas faetaa theyarepat out, so that Ja candle is lighted must be thoroughly burnt out; and no matter how many candles mar tja burning, or where placed, if they are til extinguished they i will by some mysterious ager.cj be agiia lighted in the twinkling of a bed post, ss w« tar ill Ireland. Several people visited ths scene, and as came away- exclaiming ' Glory be to God, it is ths tnost wonderful thing we evtr saw ' Mr Fahfj- in his extremity started yesterday to consult the diritu of his church, in whose ' backward matt*rs of dieas. veriog power,* he places most impl : cit faith, and who no douht have given some advice which he wisely keeps to himself, lhave not yet visited the icemol ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to-monow, I purpose of satisfying mjtelf,ISŁM no doubt I shall be able to render a good atc-ium ol his ghostship The latest to hand is that last sight the candlesticks took a fit and jumped off the (ibis on to the floor end back a :ain." The Siar in its issue of yesterday has the followin; rrference to the shove:—The crazy candle story which has arisen in Warrenheip, and been spiced wi-h a considerable amount of the supernatural by the ghost believing propensities of one or two lesHents in that well-known quarter, has caused some little amtise. ment in the district, and a number of per&o-s; hii» visited the house of |the Fohey's, situated nfar M'Gill and Cophlau's brewery, at which the peculiar phenomena are said to hare been witnessed. 0a Thu^day the house waa inspected by a number o£ persons from various parts of .the district, carious to unravel the ridiculous tale; and although the Fibey family appeared strong in their belief that cmdlei had been lighted and displaced in the bouse by soma mysterious egency, they seemed sicgnlarly alone ia such an outrageous opinion. One point in this most ridiculous of ghos' stories is, that ths candles wm only said to be lighted after the persons had left the room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when any one was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday, with CBndles strewed about ia the house in ex ravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in the most approved fashion, aa if a wake had just been celebrated; and perhaps the proximity of tbe haunted dwelling to the bre wety, and theweliknown quality ot the beer maybe reasonably taken ia support of that view of the case. 