DEDICATION OF A NEW CHURCH AT PHILADEPHIA-SERMON BY BISHOP ? worm (Reported for the Ncio York Tablet, by J. F. ... . M'Devitt.) On Sunday, Nov. 12, the new Church of St. Agatha, in West Philadelphia, was solemly dedicated to the service of the Almighty, in the presence of a vast number of per aons. The occasion was exceedingly interest ing on account of the fact that the edifice was recently a temple devoted to the service of Pro testantism. 11 was built in 1819, was called St. Marks, and was an Episcopalian church. Bishop Wood purchased it a very low figure, and was seconded by the Catholics of West Philadelphia who conceived that one church was not sufficient for their purposes. It has been but slightly altered, the only change in its appearance being an addition of a beautiful altar for the celebra tion of the sacraments. Rev. Father Fitzinau riee, recently of St. John's, has been assigned as pastor to the new parish.' The dedicatory ser vices were performed by Bishop Wood, assisted 'by Rev. Fathers M'Conomy, Martin, Dunn, O'Neil, and others, The Church was filled to overflowing, and the ceremonies were of quite an imposing character. An efficient choir, under the direction of Mr. Phillip Carlin, of St.' Theresa's Church, added much to the interest and impressiveness of the occasion Mozart's ^celebrated 12th Mass was sung ; Miss Mary -Walsh, Organist ; tenori, Messrs. Hefferman and Kelley ; bassi, Messrs. Walsh and P. G-. Mur phy : soprani, Miss Kate Foy, Miss MeFadden, Miss Stanley, Miss Mahan, and the Misses Pat ' ton. It has seldom been our pleasure to listen i -to music so well and so accurately rendered as upon this occasion. After the dedication followed Mass, Father Fitzmaurice, celebrant. The dedicatory re marks were delivered by the Bishop, and being mostly devoted to a congratulation on the . growth of Catholicity in this city, were pecu liarly interesting. The Bishop, in opening, al ; luded to the particular pleasure it gave him to dedicate this church under the circumstances attending it. Heretofore heresy had been preached here — now the truth ; there was no sacrifice before ; now there would be. Formerly there was no altar, and no sacraments adminis tered save baptism ; but not being administered in the way of the One, Holy, Catholic Church, it was no sacrament. Hitherto there had been the shadow of a sacrament ; hereafter there would be the reality. Heretofore there was no one here to whom a suffering sinner could go and disburden himself of his sins, and with a penitent heart receive from the ordained minister of God that absolution which breaketh the chains of sin, and restoreth to the liberty of the children of God. ' Heretofore no one assisted at the marriage ceremony except a man like your . selves, no doubt a very respectable and worthy person, but without power to give to marriage the character of a sacrament. In assisting at Mass only the priest represented Jesus Christ ; he is Jesus Christ, in so far as he is a priest. ? In so far as he is a priest he is Jesus Christ, participating of the power of Jesus Christ. As Christ assisted at the marriage in Galilee, so Christ assists in the person of the priest at this marriage here. Heretofore there was no one to call down the Holy Ghost upon you to confirm and strengthen you in your faith, to make you a strong and perfect Christian. Hereafter you will have among you one who has power from God to confer the sa crament of Confirmation. Heretofore there were no sacred oils here because there was no one to consecrate them ; there was no priest, no one who had received the sacrament of Holy Orders. Hereafter you will have a real orthodox Roman Catholic priest, avIio has the power from ? on high to administer to you all the holy sacra ments of religion. The Bishop said his recol lections of Philadelphia went back before the building of this church in 1819. He was but a ; child then. His parents, he said, were Unita . rians, and hod progressed through almost all forms of unbelief, being religiously everything . in general and nothing in particular. After wards he himself went out West, and became an Episcopalian, turned back to Unitarianism, and again became an Episcopalian, until he scarcely knew what he was. With great grati \- tude to God he looked back to the period now when he dropped these various forms of unbelief, ? and became an earnest follower of the one, true and unchangeable faith- that of Roman Catho licism — in which, with the blessing of God, lie hoped to die. It was not his intention, he said, to introduce this personal matter, but merely to say what he had felt of the growth of Catholicity since 1819. The Catholic churches then numbered only four— St. Mary's, St. Joseph's, St. Augus tine's and Holy Trinity. Evon until 1832 there . . were only four churches of the Catholics persua . sion. In 1S3S the great tide of emigration set in, ; and since then the Catholic churches are too few ?if or the Catholic people. What would have ; become of this growing population were it not for the zealous priests who stood by the people as their guides and instructors? The debt of .. gratitude to them, cannot be repaid. Catholicity \- i is no longer stationary ; it is going forward with giant strides, not only in our own midst, but over all portions of the land. In Philadelphia, the Catholics number at least 125,000 souls, and the rapid march of Catholicity has not been un accompanied by new churches, for they are springing up on all sides. The Bishop proceeded further, stating why this church had received its new name, St. Agatna, after one of the most . . accomplished, beautiful and heroic of the ? martyr-saints of the church. He begged his hearers te study the life of this holy person, and in contemplating her virtues, endeavor to imitate them. He concluded with some general remarks ? touching the obligation on the part of the peopk to further. every good project suggested by their pastor. ?;' ? ?'?'? ? '..'.' '? ? . 