THE UOMANCE OF ROYALTY. ? From the Home News we leara that the case of Mrs. Ityves, who claims kinship with the Itoyal Family, was heard in the Jiivorce Court on June I. before the Lord Chief Justice Cockhurn. the Lord uinef Jjaron, ana the Judge-Ordinary, anil a Special Jury. In this suit, which was .1 petition under the Legitimacy Declaration Act, the peti tioner, Lavinia Jannetta Uorton Kyves, ot 24, Gcorginastreet, Cainden Town, prayed that her mother, Olive Wihnol Serres, may he declared to be the legitimate daughter of Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and of Olive U'ilinot, his wife. The learned counsel (Dr. Smith) opened the case at considerable length, but the facts lie within a narrow compass, aud will bo best stated by being thrown into the form of a narrative. The liev. Dr. James WilmoU the petitioner's great-Rrandfather, was educated at Trinity College, Oxford, of which he subsequently bccuuoa Fellow. Early in his career— but at what particular d.ite docs not appear -lie contracted a private but leu.il marriage, according to a certificate uii-Ilt his own hand, with the Princess of foland, daughter (if Stanislaus, last king of that country. The issue of such marriage was one child, a daughter, Olive. As she j;rfcvv up she attracted much u'.kntion in consequence of her beauty aud accomplishments; anil at the age of 19 a formal otier of marriage was made to her by His Kayal Highness Henry Frederick, Duke of Cumberland, the brother of King George the Third. The oiler mis accepted, and the marriage took place 011 the 4th Ma:ch. 1707, at the house of Lord Archer, in (Jrosveaor strect. The ceremony was private; it was per formed by the liev. Dr. Wilmot, the bride's father, and it was witnessed by the Earl of Cliathnm (then Mr. l'itt), the Earl of »\ arwick. and Lord Archer. It is alleged that the Duke's biother. King (Jesrge the Third, was also present. 11U Itoyal Highnesj gieiv tired of this union in the course of u few years, and on the 2nd October, 1771, his first wife, the Princess Olive, being then alive, he contracted a secon-1 and bigamous marriage with Ijady Ann Horton, daughter of tiimon, lirst Earl of Cor nampioii, aim wuio'.v ot uiiristooner llortou, Esii., of Cotton dull, in the County of Derby. On the 3rd April, 177i the 1'rinee.ss Olive was delivered at Warwick of a female child, who was also called Olive, and some few years afterwards that unhappy lady died iu France, it is said of a broken heart. King (Jeorge was so indignant, at the conduct of his brother tliat he re fused Ui the last to receive him ot Lady liorton at (Jourt; hut knowing the consequences to which his bigamous marriage exposed him, His Majesty did all in his power to screen him from the eoti.se Mueuce.-* of his guilt. He directed that thu infant ulive should be rebaptizeil, aud represented as the child of Kobert Wilmot, Dr. Jaine3 Wilmot's brother, but he at the same time took every prc cation that, while he shielded the Duke of Cum berland from the legal consequences of his crime, he should in no way impugn the reputation of the lawful Duchess Olive, or the legitimacy of her infant daughter. With this view His Majesty, from time to time, put the royal sign-manual to several certificates, all in acknowledgment of the legitimacy of his ' niece Olive,' and likewise made temporary pecuniary provision lor her support. These and the other documents connected witli the marriage were deposited with Lord Warwick, whom the learned counsel stated he should be able to show was also a member of the Koyal Family, and cousin of t\\\Q Princess Olive. He held them as a trustee 0T1 the understanding that they should not be made public until after George the Third's death. He, however, became seriously ill in 1815, and then, feeling that hi* death, which took place in the couise ot the following year, was approaching, he delivered up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. Serres, in the presence of His ltoyal Highness the late Duke of Kent. The Princess Olive then for the first time became aware of her real parentage and positiou. She tiad been reared in the family of Mr. liobeit Wilmot, but her taste for drawing was such that she was brought up to London in 1791 with the view of allbrliug her an opportunity of cultivating the talent. Here she became acquainted with Mr. John Thomas Serre3, a painter of marine subjects, and was married to him on the 1st September, i7yi. Of this marriage four children were the result. The two eldest died young; the third the petitioner, was bora on the 16th March, 1797; the fourth, a daughter, bom in 18U2, also survives. Domestic differences arose between the father and mother, and in 18J3 a formal separation took phce under the provisions of a deed. It is alleged that on the delivery up of the papers by Lord Warwick, the Duke of Kent ever afterwards recognised Mrs. Serres as his cousin, and that he actually allowed her £400 a year while he lived These are the facts of the case 60 far as they bear on the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland with Ulive Wilmot. Ktlbrts have in vain been made for neatly half a century to obtain a re cognition of it, but until the passing of the Legitimacy Declaration Aet no legal pro ceeding could be instituted to establish it. l'he Act was passed iu 1£58; in 185) Mrs. Byves (who conducted her own case) pre sented a petition and obtained a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of Mr. John Thomas Serres with Olive Wilmot; and she now seeks, by the present proceedinfcs, to establish the legitimacy of her mother, who, in the suit of 1850, was simply treated as Olive Wilmot, and not as the Princess Olive. The documents relied on in support of the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerous, and they contain what purport to be 1G signatures of Lord Chatham, 12 of Mr. Dunning (afterwards Lord Ashburton), one of Lord Archer, 12 of George IIL, 18 of the Duke of Kent, 32 of the Karl of Warwick, 13 of Dr. Wilraot, one of the Duke of Cumberland, and one of his wife. And reliance is also placed on a portrait of the Princess Olive, which it is said bear a striking likeness to the Koyal Family. In order to account for the pains which Kin« George IIL was at to shield the Duke of Cumberland from the penal consequences of his crime of bigamy it is alleged that Ilia Ma jesty himself was also guilty of bigamy, and that this fact was within the knowledge of his brother and the Hev. Dr. Wflmot, who, on the 17lh April, 1759, performed the ceremony of marriage between His Majesty and Hannah Lightfoot This mar riage was celebrated twice. On the first occasion the lady was erroneously described as Hannah Wheeler, and hence the necessity for a second solemnization. The first was performed at Kew the secsnd at Feckham. In the course of Dr. Smith's statement, the Lord Chief Baron, who bitteily complaiBed thai such scandals should be raked up without neces i sit}', pointed out to the learned gentleman that he stood in this dilemma:— If the alleged marriage between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wil mot took place, then the marriage of their daughter with Mr. Serres was illegal, as being in contravention of the Koyal Marriage Act; and if on the other hand, the marriage of the now to called Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was established supposing such marriage to have been without the royal consent, then clearly the Princess Olive must have beeu illegitimate, and no marriage could have taken place between her mother and the Duke ol Cumberland Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent pro ceedings:— H v Ou the case beinjs resumed on June 2 several witnesses were called to prove the birth and posi tion of Dr. \\\ limot and the authenticity of several certificates signed by him. The petitioners' attor ney also produced a portrait of 'The Princess (Jive, but the Court ru'ed that it was inadmis sible. Dr.- bmith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Series's connection with the lioyal iamily. (A. laugh.) It was at any rate moral evidence. — The Lord Chief Baron— As far as I can see the case of the learned eentleman has not much morality ih it. Dr. Smith hoped that His Lordship would abstain from expressihs such an opinion, at all events for tie present. When the Court retired for a Bhort time to luncheon, the picture was exhibited W the spectators, and the reporters stale that 'ita. 3trikinK likeness to GeorRelV. was the subject of general remark. The Attorney-General on his return insisted on the portrait being Instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documentary evidence in support of the petitioners' rase. On June 7 the evidence as to the handwriting of the documents produced by the petitioners was continued, and Sir. Netherdift was again put into the box, when he made some rather important admissions. After he had deposed to the genuine ness of the signature ' J. Dunning' he was shown some papers written by Lord Ashburton, including his will, and he at once retracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the Court could have been written by the same pe.son as had written the Attorney-General's specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Kobert Wumot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Cumberland, their uiece, into their joint protection. Comparing this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signa ture to the register of their marriage, ho thought it genuine ; but on cross-examination he admitted that there were ouly small similarities and great dinerenees. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Netherchft to lie a forgery. At the conclusion of this witness b evidence on the aitcrnoon of the 7th, .Mrs. Ityves. the ' Princess Olive,' was examined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike persou, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the lust generation of tho royal family, and adds that she demeans herself with the most remarkable wise and Belf-possei&ion.; She gave her evidence »ery clearly and liriuly, she repeated with emphasis thu oatli administered to tell ' nuthiug but the truth,' and in the course of her examination, when a seat was ottered her, shu saul she was not tireJ, und she could stand for ever to protect the honour of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Kyves, which sho naitl sho had cause t« rememher. It took place in November, 1S22, at St. George the Marti r, Soutliivurk, mid she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1SH. Sho theu proved tho birth of her sou, the other petitioner, at YauxhaU, in March, 181). In 1&!) she presented a petition fur a ilecred declaring the validity of the marriage of her father and mother, mid her own legitimacy —not, she wiiil, from any motive of fraud, but to c.HahlUh those facts. The petition camu nn for hearing in J8'!l, tho ttial lasted four days, and a decree was pronouueed in her favour. The Attorney-General was re presented at the hearing by Mr. Welsby and Mr. Heche, and did nut oppose it. The proceeding* in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. Ityves then gave evidence as to her early history. She said — ' I was born in 17!»7, and 1 remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when 1 was only two and a half yeais old. NVo lived ill Hailey-street. at tho liritUh School of ArtistB, which my father founded. 1 lived with my father and mother until their separation in 180.1, and uftcr tliat 1 lived with my mother. 1 It-ft school at tho age of 13.' The petitioners' counsel then pro pjsed to examine her resiK-cting some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George ill., and on the Cotut objecting that they hail no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was tho me or wuorKcm., two documents professing to ?e certificates of the marriage wero put in, one ijjned 'George P.,' the other 'George Guclph.' [he Court, however, declared unanimously their 1111111911 that these were forgeries and declined to ?ermit them to be used, 'l'he petitioner then vent on to narrate, with exceeding particularity, iow the Karl of Warwick made known to her thu ;-.crct of her birth, how her mother supplied llio tfarl with means to go tj Warwick Castle to hunt i|» tho necessary documents, he being at the time mpoorthiit he could not liud the money himself, ;-cing often indeed, as Mrs. Kyves fiaid, unablu in buy a sheet of note paper, and how the Kurl satisfied the Duke of Kent us to the royalty of the petitioner's family. 'T4io Duke of Kent,' suiil Mrs. Kyves, 'took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and lie expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George. 1 1 1. were in his f ither's writing, lie acknowledged my mut her as his cousin, lie said thut she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the Duke's marriage, and that for tho future, Lord Warwick l-eiiig in guwh a state of health that he might die at miy moment, he would take upon himself the sole protection anil guardian ship of my mother and me.1' Viom the petitioner's further evidence it seemed that tho Karl of Warwick wxs under continual obligations to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the Court on tho 8th Mr«. Kyves was recalled, and her examination resumed. -me repeated 111 suiiswnce Her previous evidence, mil stated, in addition, that the Duke (if Sussex, is well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged tho signature of their father to the dncumenU now ItoiIuc'hI. She also mentioned that nlie and her mother hail freiiuuntly received money from tho Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Colitis's Hank. .She wom then crosa I'xainiiied at great length by thu Attorney-General. It appeased from her evidence that 1 er mother. iMis. Serres, was an astrulogist, 11 ghost-seer, mul a literary laily nf uo small pretensions. She hud issued a manifesto to the people of I'olanil. t-talinK that she had providentially iliscovcreil her dtmnt from the royal family ot that country, and calling upon them to invite her to tliu throne. In this Ii.iper she stated that her legitimacy iib the DucIicrh of Ounil.crluiiil had been established liy a li-cal tribunal iu ICngliiiul. Jt appeared further that Mrs. Serres hud published u hook, iu which nke claimed the authorship of 'Junius' for Dr. Wilmot. Jt win sauted tliat when a girl she had taken tho liKUlibcriiit ontof Dr. Wilmot's library to sirilililu in. and then, fearing his anger, hail secreted tho volume, and it had remained in her poHsesriion forgotten until it was accidentally discovered by Mrs. Kyve.-i. Dr. frazer, a physician, was then examined, and he stated that when a young man. shortly after he entered the medical profession, he attended upon the late Princess Olive, us rIic wub then called. He attended her from February lk:t2, to February, 1XJI. Ik- was mtroiluucd by Mr. Mmuiulay, a lite rary gentleman, lie visited her frequently, and talked a great dual with her upon a variety of nub jocts, including politics and her own idlairs, and he never had the least reason to suppoce that t-l.o w:is a person of unsound miii'l. Since thut period witness hail had considerable experience with rc g.ird to insane patients. The Attorney-General detailed the circumstances i-minei'tnl with the ease which he would have to by lefore the Jury. l!c alleged that thu puti turner's mother was ihc daughtrrof Hubert Wihnol. ami 111 proof of that hu qiiolud the liond entered into on her marriage, in which bIio was stated to * t»e daughter of that gentleman, und also to Dr. \V llniol s will, iu which she was left a legacy hh Iim 'iiece ami the daughter of his brother Kobeit Wilmol. Jlucnuld not liuip bearing in his mind, unil of representing iU-- the Jury, that thiBhidy, lue petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. Jn proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the i'rince of Wales, and which lie referred to in the cross-examinution of the puti li'mer. These letters ran from 1609 to 1HL), and tluy contained btatements of the most extraordi nary character, showing that her minil was full fsoin begiiiiiing to end of insane delusions, la one of them she offered to lend the Prince of Walts i.-20,0'Hi, provided he would grant her 11 personal interview even for two hours. This interview sho sought n- many letters, in others she lamented her poverty, und asked for assistance. Several of tiiL-.i*; imlicu'ed that she wa3 a great dabbler iu astrology. Uut the most conclusive- part of tho ease was this-Betweeu the death of the Karl of Warwick, 111 May, 1810, and the death of George ill . 111 1W0, the Btorie3 ishe gave of her esutu were inconsistent with each other, und totally 'HS118!;^ with the story which she told iu 1*21. Ihe first story she published woh that sho was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland hy Mrs Payne, wife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and uever returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And iu several of her letters at the time she stated Dr. Wilmot to be her uncle. That was in May, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by a sister of Dr. Wihnot'a, a huly of large fortune, whom the Duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Kcgent to the effect that she was toM by the Karl of Warwick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who cave him i2,(XW to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was iu consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wules and unfold the circum stances of her birth. 8he, however, regretted that with the death of the Earl of Warwick in 1816 all evidence of her birth and parentage luid been lost. Aud yet the petitioner now came into the witne-8. box and gave a minute detail of the visits of tho Duke of_ Kent and the Earl of Warwick to her mother m 1815; the production of tho paptre which disclosed all the circumstances of her title while in the letter to the Prince Keacnt her mother distinctly stated that with the death of tho iiarl of Warwick she was afraid ull trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George III. were dead, she told a uiHerent story, and alleged that frotn documents found in a sealed packet, opened in J819, she found that she was the daiisliUT of the Duke of Cumlwr land and Ins Duchess, Olive Wilmot, a dauKhter ot jjr. VMimot. Ihere were a great many sealed packets 111 this case, hut certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There were several of the documents sail to l-e produced in 1815 which statc.1 that it was Dr. Wilmot's duuehter who married the Duke of Cumberland; and if theie was truth in the production of these ut that time &he; had no occasion to wait for tho opening of the sealed packet in 181U to inform her of it. Jf there hud been a sealed packet thtro was no question, from the letters of the ueti tioners mother to the Prince Kegent, that it was opened long before 1819: at all events, the docu ments produced now could not have been the same as those m existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs. Payne: and the state ment was plain and distinct that it was Dr Wil mot s own daughter that he married to the'Duko of .Cumberland, .while the Karl of Warwick, in a letter to the Princess, spoke of that Olive Wilmot a* her 'angelic mother.' It was not likely ho would have so npoken of Mrs. Payne, a married wa.nan, ami it was almost incredible that Dr. V- Umot would have married his mater, a married woman, to the l,'uke of Cumberland. As to what was said of the Koyal Marriage Act, it was out of tho question tp suppose that the Koyal Marriage Act rendered the marriage null. Then it was said this f}* ^k8 j und t0 keeI- certain nutters neerct until after the dpath of George III. ; but she hod a singu lar way of keepiiiij thatEccret. for years before tbo lung b death she was perpetually dunning the I mice of Wales with s:atements of her case. Tho ^earned gentleman referred to certain utatameiita made to the Princess in her life of Dr. Wilmot published in 1813, and a vindication of his claim to the title of ' Junius,' published in 18J7, in order to show that she paid considerable attention to the comparison of handwriting.', as evinced in her statements relative to the mauuscrirtt of ' Juuius' in Mr. Woodfall's possession, und her assertion that no one could compare that manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's handwriting without being satisfied that they were lmth traced by the game hand. He next alluded to the Jetier wiitten by Mr. Bell, Hid legal adviser of the Princess, to the Secretary ol .Suite, in 1821. iii furtherance of her claim. These he characterized as begging letters, and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of 6uch dtcuinentx, but none of them wero now forthcoming. Ou these documents there ? were 14 names which appeared on the papers now I relied on, an-l 12 which did not so atittcar. Thu Ipetiifoner had now put in evidence 72 documents. Besides these 10 more had been produced from the Treasury. In the memorial ot 1821 there were 1 11 more, the originals of which wrre not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by Uie petitioner there were 26 more, of which Uie orjgl nals were not produced. AltoEether the docu ments mentioned as hearing on the case were over 100\. while out of the whole only &J; were produced. And what sort of documents were they! Why. they were uuch that no expert iu the world couM pve evidence of the hand'''lViD^fffmJm It With tw» exceptions they were all written. 00 UttlQ scraps and Htrips of paper, and all without the water-mark of date .. The learned gentleman was proceeding wlUlJJ? address, when the Foreman said he was. cornmis sioned by his fellow Jurors to express tbeiropmwn that there would not be the slightest nece^aty to call evidence to rebut the case of the £'W'Df.£ in their unanimous view the d^um=ntareUed upon by her were spurious. The Ch.ef J^ttce-to ™g case yon only share tog^jjflggg brethren and myself, w e «»?«,, 7lir!™.v ? nor is one of these papers is a ggS^S which there one part of the peut u addressed agrees with *£ wg-ff'oi the part of the peti « .fthdTl&ate; daughter.' Tne Attoroey eneral then asked that the documents might be nSleVjl and intimated that if the case had Km con he should have been able to prove that i)r WiJmotwas at Oxford at the tune M the ; pre tended marriage in London; and that Lonl WaSicklSiK hh accession to the title never ianral himself 'Brooke,' but '-Greviile.' The doSenU were then ordered by the Court to be impounded, ami the east; concluded. 