Theatrical Memoranda. MrS3 Emma Stanley has been giving her entertainments, 'The Seven Ages of Women' and ' All Round the World,' at the Man chester Athemcum, with great success, being nightly rewarded with crowded houses. Mr. Cuas. Dillon is pursuing his career through the United States of America, ? The latest news. is that ho has played engagements with more or less success in Boston, Albany, and Troy (Ohio), The American papers are, of course, extatio a his praise. ? Ma and Mrs. , Clauence Holt have been starring ait Kcwcostle- bn'-Tyne, in the sensation dramas of' 'The Mariner's -?Com- pass,' 'The Octoroon,' 'Civilisation,' 'Am- bition,' and ' Belphegor,' with great suc cess. They intend. 'shortly to take a tour through Scotland, and' will then return to Lohdon.'):-: ?',?'?{' '? '? '? ? '?'?' ? ';?;»,;: /-' ; Mb. Shiel Barhy has been very successful in his provincial tour tbroujgh England. -Ho appeared in March hist at tho Theatre Royal, Hanley, as Myles-na-Cbppaleen, in the' ' Col leen Bawn,' and despite bad scenery and im perfect support, ho gained a genuine success, tho best representative of that character that has hitherto visited tho Potteries district, Mr. Farqukabron, afterapleasantpassaga in the i Gianf s Causeway from Geelong, arrived in England in February last, and an nntmccs his return to England, after his tour through .Victoria, Now South. Wales, South Australia, Tasmania, ' Ceylon, and the East Indies. He was shortly to appear at tho Monday evening concerts, at St James's Hall, Piccadilly. ' ' '? : '? ?'? Mn. Geouob Fawobtt, or Mb. Georoe Fawuktt Howe, has at last found his way to Now.York.. .He made his iirot appearance in that , city, on the^ 19th March last, , at, tho piympic'Theatre, as Sir Charles Coldstreani, in the comedy of. ', CJsodTJp,' and afterwards as Clorinda.inthebtirlosquoof '. Cindorella.' In the latter character, according to the local jouri^iJipmadO'aj'll)allJ!iUl0 ^''h :-C t, ? Me. F. YotrsoE, during March last, wai still gaining laurels at the Olympic, London, for hi3 splendid burlesque-melo-dramatic acting in the extravaganza 'Princess Prim rose and the Four Pretty Princes.' A new burlesque is being written for this theatre, in which it is stated that Messrs. Best and Bel lingham will take especial caro-^hat our old favourite', has a pari^cJali^ io (disptayg/hi3 peculiar abilities.^, fj , -i H^ ( Mrs. G. V. BsOofciT (UUs Avonia Jones) is still fulnlling her'engagementat. the ?N'ew^. Surrey Theatre. ;', She 'has been sustaining nightly -srith undoubted succfe33'the dual character'of Lady Isabel aodlMadameJ'iae in John Oxenford's drama of 'East Lynne,' which was^Ehortly^o.b^ withdrawn in favour of- ai new draina specially written f8r.3ilrft Brooke, by Watts (PhUlna, to^te entitled^ ' ' Theodora — Actres3 and Empress. ' — ilR.— Skfton- Parry is still the enterpris ing proprietor of the Xew Greenwich Theatre, and such ha3 been his success as Robert{ Brierly, in the ' Ticket-of-Leav« Man,' that,' in conjunction with Mr. C. H. Cheltham, he ? haywritteff a new drama (to be a continna .tion of Mr. Tom Taylor's) entitled ' The Ticket-of-Leave Man's Wife,' Mr. Sefton Parry himself 'sustaining the principal part. Professor Axdersojt. — This renowned conjuror is making the 'grand tour' of 'Wales, and has appeared in Cardiff for a few nights, creating no small sensation at the Town-hall, but finding its accommodation in- ? sufficient, he has with his gifted children taken the Stuart Hall, where the wonderful performances of himself and family create the greatest astonishment, and are spoken of as the most marvellous things ever seen in this ?locality, ? . ? ? '? ' , Mr. Domimck M orray has lately' had a still further opportunity of extending 'his : range of characters. ... Mr. Clias. Reade's drama, .'It is Never too Late to Mend,' after an uninterrupted run of - 140 ' consecutive ', nights ; at the Princess Theatre,' ' Lon3on ?(Mr. Murray appearing ui 'it every' night), ; has r. been' withdrawn. r- Dion Boucicault's sensational drama, '.'The Streets of .London,'' has,, been reproduced, preceded nightly by . theiarce ' A Ghost in Spite of Himself,' in both of which'Mr. Murray appears.' ?? .Mb- Hetby Keil Warmer seems to have rivalled our own world-renowned ' tragedian in bombait, as the following paragraph from a home paper will testify, but Mr. Warner met his just deserts :— 'Theatre Royal, Bolton.— On;' Monday (5th March), Mr. H.' If. Warner, 'announced as the greatest tragedian living, appeared for a six nights' starring engagement, bnt he failed to pull in audiences; having far from reached the anti cipations of. the public after the terrible an nonncement On Monday he appeared as Othello ;? Tuesday, : Macbeth ; Wednesday, CUmdeMehiotte; Thursday, Hamlet ; and Fri day, -the, Stranger, also Sir Charlea Cold stream.' '*'Mbs; 'Spestcer Cooke, who it will be re membered -played (in conjunction with her husband, Captain Spencer Cooke) a very short engagement at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, under Mr. Barry Sullivan, and then departed for England to fulfil a contract entered into with. Mr. Walter Montgomery, afthe Prin cess Theatre, London, when that house was under Ms management, made her first appear ance on Tuesday, 20th March, at the Theatre Royal, Nottingham, now under Mr. Mont gomery's direction. Mrs. Cooke appeared in the comedietta of ' Perfection,' and tho local press states that — 'Mrs. Spencer Cooke, as ; Kate- O'Brien, in .'Perfection,' sang and played with grace and sweetness, andT was rewarded witha burst of honest enthusiasm, which must have been most nattering to the feelings. of that lady.' , , Miss Amy Sedowick, assisted by Mr. John Nelson,', is still continuing her provin cial tour. . She appeared during March, last at Gloucester; opening; with' TheHunch bock, 'in which he sustained the character of-' Julia; During her eugagement'shefab pearedas Mrs. Sailer in the ' Stranger, 1( Constance in the ' Love Chose,' Lady Teazle in the.- 'School for.Scandal;' Pauline in the ' Lady of Lyons,': and on her benefit and farewell asHestorGrazebrookin tho 'Unequal Match;' ~On~ this -occasion-Miss Sedgwick had the patronage -of the Duke and Duchess of Beaufort, and the officers of the artillery, engineer and rifle volunteers,1 out of /compli ment ito 'whom (at; the conclusion i of . the comedy) ? she delivered,' with thrilling' effect,' 'The charge of the Light Brigade.' ' Me., Mr8^'and Little Johkny Goitblaiy, who - are- under engagement ? to Mr. George Coppin shortly to; appear in Australia, have been continuing their farewell tour .through Scotland. Daring Mareh - they appeared at the Trades Hall, Arbroath. On theevenings of 'tlie'8th7'9thr'and''I0th'March'the 'above haUwas crowded to 'the doors, every one more eager than his neighbour to be presented at Mrs. M'Gregor's. levee. Mr. Gourlay, a thorough Scotch comedian, ably assisted by Mrs. Gourlay and their son, little Johnny (a regular chip), kept up the interest of the above famous, Bketch, and personated the whole of the^ Scottish- curiosities therein, bringing down immense' applause. On ac count of so many not being able to get ad mittance on Saturday, the 10th, the enter tainment was again given on Monday evening to a crowded house, little Johnny's singing and dancing being much admired. 