ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S HALL. This Hall, which has been erected for institute and scholastic purposes, was formally opened on "Wednes day evening, April 25. Before proceeding to chronicle the inaugural ceremonies, it will be well to give a few particulars respecting the Hall, which adjoins the Cathedral in "Wakefield-street. The lecture room is 7.0 by 35 feet, and the height from floor to ridge 48 feet. The roof is of open timber work, and the building is covered in with slate. The style of ai'chi teeture is early _ English. The walls are of Glen Osmond stone, with brick quoins, and altogether the building is a credit to the denomination. It is not yet, however, quite completed/ it not being plastered inside at present. Messrs. Wright & Woods were the architects, and Mr. McMullen has carried out their designs. The cost has been between £1,500 and £2,000. The room is lighted by a fine centre gasalier, with 45 burners, and four triple burners over the platform, which have been erected at short notice by Mr. H. L. "Yosz. On Wednesday night there were about 300 persons present at the formal opening of the Hall. The room was decorated with flags and foliage. The Kev. Father Bussell presided. The Chairman, in commencing the proceedings, acknowledged the proud position in which they had placed him. The opening of such a Hall as that, where they hoped to spend many useful and happy hours, was , an event of no small importance. He was happy to see so many there that evening, and he was sure that those who would come before them would do their best to . please, and if they succeeded they would be abundantly rewarded. (Applause.) The Catholic Young Men's Society's Band, under the conductorship of Mr. Heydecke, then played a march with highly creditable precision and effect, especially when remembering that it is at present only in the infancy of its existence. This instrumental music was followed by the glee " Hark, Apollo strikes the lyre," and the solo and chorus " Come where my love lies dreaming" by the Catholic Singing Class; and the song "When other lips and other hearts" by Mr. E. Mumme. The Bev. Father Smith than came forward to deliver bis promised lecture, and was received with applause. He remarked that the Committee had endeavored to obtain the services of another lecturer, but had been un successful in doing so, and accordingly at the eleventh hour they had to fall back upon Mm. The subject which he had chosen for his lecture was " Education— the Church, its firmest promoter and friend." He then spoke as follows :— " Education of some sort always existed amongst men. They could not ignore it, even if they would. Children must be something; they must follow some occupation, and to be successful in this, education was not only use ful, it was even necessaiy. The child of nature, depend ing for support on the chase, was taught how to fashion the necessary weapons, and was schooled for years in ' the use of them before he became an expert hunter; or living on the banks of great rivers, he learned to weave the net and hollow out the rude canoe that was to carry him into deep water, if not in search of the ' loaves,' at least of the 'fishes.' "When agriculture began to be practised, and towns to be built, men's minds expanded, and education extended her horizon proportionately. Hew requirements called into existence the several arts and trades which men began to follow as regular pro fessions. And so, as society advanced in refinement and civilization, education advanced step for step beside it—or, perhaps I ought to say, before it. Some men, more studious and contemplative than their fellows, made discoveries in science, and found out hitherto : unknown truths. They wished to communicate a knowledge of these things to others; they gathered disciples around them amid the shady groves where the citizens took refuge from the heat and dust of the towns; and thus schools were formed The love of knowledge, as that of money is said to do, increased as knowledge . itself increased; the number of learners grew greater every day; and Colleges were built for their recep tion. In the course of time the College became unable to keep pace with the advancements of some of the students in general knowledge. These, conse quently, would travel from school to school in pursuit of learning, often at great risk, always at great expense and loss of time. To obviate all this, a new college would be built beside the old one. To these a third would be added, and so on until so many as thirty and even forty would be grouped together. These would receive privileges and immense grants in money and lands from the State, or from private benefactors, and ' in this way Universities gradually grew into existence. Such is a brief, imperfect outline of the natural development of education. As might be expected, efforts were made at a very early date to systematize education, The oldest system which we know of is that of Lycurgus in the 9th century before Christ. He embodied it in the laws of the country, but for all that it is very imperfect. It aimed at nothing higher than a rude plan of military training. A mis taken patriotism towards Sparta was at the bottom of it. Quintilian, who was entrusted with the education of the Emperor Domitian's two nephews, wrote an elaborate treatise on education towards the close of the first century of our era. But we are not surprised to find Quintilian's treatise very defective; the moral training of the child is nearly overlooked—the teaching of the heart almost omitted This defect in any edu cational system must always be ruinous. We have only very limited means of knowing the plan followed by the ancients in the education of the young; but, judging them by the works which have come down from them to us, moral training formed a small portion of their teaching—always excepting, of course, the Jewish people. Let us see whether this sentence be too severe. Take Homer. The great Grecian captain Achilles has killed Hector—who was a brave and noble adversary— he drags the dead body by the heels around the city that was so long and bravely defended ! I need not say that a Christian warrior would not do this thing. Many of Horace's Odes, and some portions of his Satires are totally unfit to be read. Many of the Roman plays are disgusting, even for a theatre. The moral training of the Roman people— rich and poor—must have been sadly neglected for generations before they could sit for days in the Flavian amphitheatre, where men in hundreds butchered each other ' to make a Roman holiday,' and where tens of thousands of Christian men and matrons, and innocent childhood were torn to pieces by wild beasts for the amusement of the Senate and Roman people. "We may fairly assume that very little pity dwelt in the heart of the unknown artist who chiselled the marble of the ' Apollo Belvidere' so beautifully that it seems to soften into flesh, and yet who could not leave on the figure one line to indicate compassion for a fallen foe. Look at the ' Apollo,' and then see in St. Peter's Michael Angelo's Madonna in the group of the ' taking down from the Cross' and you . feel that both artists were very differently educated. The greatest amount of praise we can bestow on the artists and scholars of antiquity is given when we say, that while they are true to nature, 'tis only a fallen, corrupt, sinful nature thev followed. The intellect was cultivated—the heart neglected. Like the ignis fatuus, their light produced no warmth; it. gave out no heat; they were only partially educated. Moreover, the vast bulk of the people were totally illiterate. We can gather too clearly from the facts mentioned by Quin tilian, that education was in a most degraded statei n Rome, towards the close of the 1st century ; so that while the artists,, poets, and historians, who flourished under the Emperor Augustus, retained the brilliant sparkle of the diamond, they retained too the cold of the icicle, and by their light, only served to make the general darkness the more visible. While things were in this state, about the year of the world 4000, a man appeared in Judea as the founder of a new order of things, the author of a new society to be reared on the ruins of the old. While He said that He was (the light of the world,' He also said that He ' brought fire to cast upon the earth.' Light and heat—the very things necessary in a great teacher—the things which never met together in a man before. He said that He did not come to instruct one country or nation only, or one age and generation only. When He was giving a commission to persons to teach His doctrine in His name, He told them to go out into the whole world and teach every creature, and lo ! I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world ! Said He—Thenceforth humanity had a fair chance of being wholly instructed, the heart as well as the head, the affections as well as the intellect. Education, which before was like l ^ cold lifeless statue [of cast iron, soon became an _ active, busy, bustling, living tiling. Chris tianity like the ' little leaven,' soon worked its Way into tbe mass of society, and brought to tbe sur face characters such as had never appeared before— the world had never beheld such children as Pancratius or Agnes, or Agatha—or such soldiers as Sebastian or Maurice, or the men of the Theban legion—and these were only types of a class, and have had their counter parts in every age since their day. It is impossible to say with any certainty what means the Church adopted for the promotion of education in the three first cen turies of her existence. But one thing is beyond doubt, she did the best she could under existing circumstances. Public schools of her own were out of the question in those dark ages, when persecution ahnOst never ceased for 300 continuous years. "Why, we have a medal of Dioclesian, who ruled in Borne from 2S4 to 294, which tells in three words the most terrible story ever yet recorded. The medal was struck to commemorate—what, think you ?—to commemorate the extinction of the Christian name!—' Nomine Clirwtianorum deleto /' That education was not neg lected during these 300 years, is proved by the writing of such men as Ignatius, the martyr; Justin, the his torian ; Iranseus, of Lyons; Clement, of Alexandria; and St. Cyprian, of Carthage; and others. That education was not neglected, is proved by thei wonderful wisdom displayed by most of the almost countless mar tyrs in the few words they spoke during their several trials, and which are preserved to us in their acts, com piled, too, by contemporary writers. One fact, which occurred shortly after the times of which I speak, is particularly worthy of our notice. Constantine began to reign in the year 306. He ruled for 10 years, and gave peace to the Church. Julian, sumamed the Apostate, began to reign in the year 361, just 55 years after Constantine, and recommenced the old persecutions. He excluded Christians from all places of trust and honor. In their regard he violated the common laws of equity. He excluded them from the rank of citizens, and from a fair trial in the Courts of Justice. He forbade them to teach or to be taught in the schools. There was a penal law for you ! To punish the Christians, he 'forbade them to teach or be taught.' That law is as good almost as a history of education during the close of the third and the first half of the fourth centuries. Truly, Julian the Apostate anticipated by 1,200 years the legislators and statesmen of the 15th and 16th centuries, nearer home. Stormy days enough have passed over the Church since the times of the ten persecutions; but there were long ages of comparative repose too; and during these long intervals of sunshine the Church was very busy with many works, and certainly not the least conspicuous amongst them was the work of education. We shall by-and-bye see how soon the perfectly organized forces of the Church were brought to bear on the grand work of education, and with what effect. A history of education remains to be yet written, seemingly, as though the human mind were unwilling to write its own story, and were compassionately silent about itself. Fragments of literature bearing on this subject are to be found abundantly scattered here and there through the last 20 centuries, but they have never been formed into one graceful mosaic, or collected and arranged by the muse of history. When this shall be done, the reader of the book will often lay it down to wonder at the indomitable perseverance of the Church in the caxtse of education. He will see one tidal wave of barbarism following another, at given intervals, over the fair face of civilized Europe, sweep ing away in its irresistible power thrones, churches, schools, colleges, and universities ; and having passed, nothing is left but ruin and indescribable confusion. Presently; the Church becomes visible among the debris; reorganizing, instructing the untamed children of nature; consolidating thrones; building Colleges ; founding Universities ; reconstructing societies; and able to say, as Augustus Caesar said of Borne, ' the city was of brick, and I leave it in marble.' The reader of such a book as I have imagined would also be greatly struck by the variety of the educational systems that in the course of centuries have made their appearance. He could not help remarking how the world never willingly gave up to the Church the empire of the young mind, but fought foritwithundyingpertinacity, and contested the ground step by step and inch by inch. Every individual system of them all tending to fall back on things as they were long ago, before the Church was founded; claiming the intellect as the world's property, as if God did not create the intellect of the child, as well as his affec tions ; and, to use a common saying, ' demanding the right, to go halves with God in his own creation.' Moreover, the student of the history of education would stand amazed at sight of the means used by the world to gain its end—calumny of the grossest kind. The Church is accused of loving the darkness. 'You hate the light,' says the world. No; but there is a light in which no plant will grow, no tree blossom, no fruit ripen—a light without warmth or vital heat; the sickly pale light that the world had before Christ brought ' fire to cast upon the earth.' The glassy fixed stare of the dead is very unlike the intellectual soul-stirring sparkle of the living eye. ' You cramp and cripple the human mind,' says the world. No ; but I give wings to the human soul, and send it abroad to examine and explore creation, and rise and soar as high as it can to look at the Creator Himself; and the only caution I give it is, ' do not say like a fool, there is no God,' or that He, being truth itself, has told a lie. 'You are opposed to progress—you will not let me advance,' says the world. 'No; but I have been over this ground before you, ages ago ; I know it better than you—there is a sunk fence there—there is a precipice right at the turn of this road—you require a guide— without one you are inevitably lost,' answers the Church. ' You are the same old careful, cautious thing that you were 1,800 years ago, and I never liked you, and I never will; you everlastingly cross my path, and thwart my will; you doubt my motives, you look at my thoughts, you criticise my words, you condemn my principles, youanathemize my doctrines, you put oldand young on their guard against me—for all this andmore I hate you,' says the world. 'When I was young,' replies the Church, 'my Master said tome, "Wonder not if the world hate you," and so I do not wonder.' The most extraordinary fact which the historian of education will have to chronicle will he how the world tried to ignore the very existence of the Church, or. keeping her in the background to ascribe her work to other agencies, or finding this to be impossible to debase and vilify the work done by attributing it to mean unworthy motives. In the second part of this lecture we will take a hasty survey of the monuments which have come down to us proving that there never existed a truer, stancher friend of education than the Church of God. The institution of schools supported by public authority was unknown among the ancients, and only about the end of the first century do we find any trace of them even in Home. The school of Alexandria in Egypt was indeed of great antiquity, and among the early Christians it became very celebrated ; St. Jerome says that from the time of St. Mark it had never been without ecclesiastical doctors. Near the baths of Titus a celebrated Christian school existed in which Pantienus was converted ; he subsequently became master of the celebrated Clement of Alexandria. No greater praise can be given to the school of Csesarea Palestina than to say that Gregory Thamnaturgus, Basil the Great, and Gregory Nazranzen both studied and taught there. Basil opened a school in Constantinople, and this famous seat of learning is very remarkable for having been the first academy endowed by public authority— Constantine the Great having greatly favored and en riched it—it was in existence until the eighth century when Leo, the Isauriom, destroyed it. The schools of Berytus, and the above-mentioned sohools of Borne and Constantinople alone possessed the privilege of lecturing on Roman law. St. Augustine mentions the school of Carthage as scarcely inferior to that of Borne; and again, this great doctor went to Milan to teach rhetoric there. In France we find public schools at a very early date ; that of Cleves was as old as the third century, where an Athenian taught. Express mention is made of the public schools of Bordeaux, Toulouse, Narbonne, and Treves in the fourth century. Muratori when describing the desolation caused by the Goths and Longobards says they swept away every seat of learning out of Italy, excepting only Borne and Pavia. To remedy this evil, parochial schools were opened by the clergy all over Italy in the fifth century. The idea was taken up by the Church in France; and a Council held in Narbonne, in the year 443, ordered all parish priests to keep a school for the education of youth. We learn-from the second Council of Toledo, in Spain, that cathedral schools began to exist there in the beginning of the fifth century. This_ Council exhorts parents to send their children to be instructed under the eye of the bishop. The hospital was generally beside the cathedral, so that, as an old writer finely expresses it— 'Science and Mercy met under the shadow of the House of God.' The men of these fine old times were not afraid that youth should learn too much about God. In the sixth century, the schools of the Bene dictines spread like network over the whole "Western Church. Learning found a home in the British Isles at an early date. Henry of Auxerre, in his ' Life of St. Germain,' dedicated to Charles the Bald, says the Anglo- Saxons used to resort to the monks of Ireland for the sake of learning, from whom they learned the manner of forming letters. Bede is a wit ness that in the year 664 many nobles and some of the middle class went over to Ireland to be instructed, all whom the Irish liberally received, giving them daily food without price, as also books and instructors gratuitously.' Renowned schools and colleges were in the Abbeys of Louth, of Port Ibar in the Island of ' Beg Eri, on the coast of Wexford, in the fifth century; and in the Abbey of Clonard in East Meath, in those also of Lismore, Ross, and Bangor, in the Abbey of St. Mary at Clonfert, in that also of Ninnidius in an island of Lough Erne, and in the Abbey of the Isle of Immay on the coast of Galway. At the time that Alciun presided in the school of York vast numbers flocked thither from all parts of France and Germany. The sons of kings mixed with the children of the poor in these monastic schools—Edward the Confessor, of England, was educated in Jumieges; Lothaire, in St. Germain L'Auxerrois; Theodoric III. at Kala; Louis YI. and Pepin in St. Denis. Eugene II. held a council at Rome in 826, which ordained that there should in every part of Christendom exist three kinds of schools—Episcopal, parochial—for town and villages—and others wherever there could be found place and opportunity. The Monks of Crowland Abbey used to walk to Cotenham, near Cambridge, to teach in a barn, and equally humble beginnings had the Universities of Oxford, Paris, Bologna, and Naples. The formal establishment of Universities dates only from the thirteenth century, but famous schools previously existed in these places for ages. The beginning of the fourteenth century is remarkable for the number of colleges that were founded. There were no fewer than 42 colleges in the University of Paris alone. The number of scholars at these Universities was sometimes prodigious. When St. Thomas of Canterbury studied in the University of Bologna, there were no fewer than 10,000 scholars df all nations there. And the University of Paris, in order to give solemnity to a funeral, promised to send 25,000 scholars to attend it! These scholars were greatly protected by special privileges. In those days travel ling was no easy matter, and young students were exposed to great danger on the way. It was made a special crime to touch, wound, or rob a student, either when going to, remaining at, or returning from a Uni versity. I should greatly exceed the limits of a lecture were I to attempt a description of the discipline which prevailed in the schools of the early and middle ages. The academic year was ushered in by solemnly invoWng the light of the Holy Ghost upon the year's studies. Every day this was repeated. There were no ' Godless colleges '<n the world then ! As a general rule educa tion was given gratuitously. Aleuin, Albert the Great, Bonaventura, Thomas Aquinas, and men of their stamp, did not teach for gain. The College of Boncourt in 1357, the College of Montaign, 1314, the Sor bonne in Paris, Harcour 1280, and Cornuaille in Paris, 1317, were all founded. expressly for poor scholars. The same spirit gave rise to similar institutions in Italy, Germany, Spain, and England. We can form a tolerably correct idea of the way instruction was imparted during these long past cen turies, from the tombs of the four doctors in the Church of St. Dominic, at Bologna. Each doctor is represented sitting in the midst of his disciples with an open book before him. The scholars have desks before them, and are writing as if from the master's lecture, or are represented turning a little as if to consult one another. And now, you mil have remarked that I have not said, one word about modern times; and, indeed, what I have said concerning the state of education, and the care lavished on it by the Church up to the beginning of the fifteenth century is only, as it were, a small specimen of the innumerable other instances which the student of those times could throw together. I have said nothing about the grand discoveries of the Middle Ages, and not a word about the glorious old ruins which yet remain to prove the genius and architectural skill of the men of former times. I dare say many here have betimes mused beneath the shadow of some ruined monastery, wherein long ago the good pious monks, with infinite care, multiplied copies of the Bible, and preserved to us whatever we possess of ancient liter ature, while they wrote the annals of •their native land, and kept the light of faith and learning brightly burning through the length and breadth of the sur rounding country. The Council of Trent was held, and it literally moved the world. It gave an impulse to education, which it is simply impossible to estimate. Catholic divines and doctors appeared so fast, that one would imagine history was repeating itself, and that we were living in the days of the Jeromes, and the Augustines, and the fathers of antiquity. The children of the Church have fairly monopolized almost all the fine arts—painting, sculpture, music, architecture —they have been second to none in scientific research, and have distanced all in antiquarian lore. Has not the Church in every age—to-day, as well as eighteen centuries ago—reserved her applause and her honors for the learned and the good ? The historian of educa tion will be compelled by the nature of his subject to write a great part of the history of the Church. But I feel that I am trespassing on your patience, and that enough has been said to show that the action of the Church has ever been to foster and encourage by every means in her power the sacred cause of education. In conclusion, I will only remark that we are engaged to night in continuing the work, by solemnly dedicating this Hall to the cause of learning and virtue." During an interval in the lecture the band played several selections of music, and then followed an attempted exhibition of the dissolving views belonging to the Society. We say attempted, because through some difficulty in working the lanterns the exhibition was not by any means a successful one. However, the audience bore the disappointment with good grace, especially as the Chairman assured them that the views were really very good, as they would say when they had had an opportunity of seeing them. At the close of the lecture Mr. J. \\\\. Egan proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Smyth. His veiy name was a guarantee that the lecture would be of a high order, and they had not been disappointed. They owed a deep debt of grati tude to him, for they liacl had the gratification of hear ing the oiitpourings of a mind rich in intellectual endowments. As President of then- Society also he was mainly instrumental in overcoming obstacles which seemed to rise in their way. He was quite sure, there fore, that they would very heartily accord the vote of thanks which he moved. . (Cheers.) Mr. J. J. Cronin, in seconding the motion, expressed regret that gentlemen of talent and intellect, who could instruct and enlighten them, did not come for ward to lecture. He saw several present that evening, and he hoped they would follow the example of the Rev. Mr. Smyth. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Smyth expressed his thanks. He said whatever he had done had been for the prosperity of the Catholics. He lived amongst them, and tried to do all he could for them, and he must say that some of his duties were a great pleasure to him, and lightened the weight of other engagements. The Hall had been alluded to in connection with his name, but he had done only a little. It was mainly through the exer tions of others that that building was erected. It had his best feelings however, and he thought the Catholics had cause to be grateful in having such a fine Hall in which to assemble. Miss Mullany and Miss Catting' then played selections from the Christy's songs, with variations, as a piano forte duet. Their instrumentation was brilliant, and called forth a veiy hearty encore. A song, " Tell me Mary how to woo thee." was feelingly sung by Mr. Mumme, who also had to comply with an encore. Then followed a comic song, " Long Barney," by Mr. Edward Donovan. This gentleman gave the true Irish brogue, and excited great laughter. He was loud recalled twice, and substituted other Irish songs equally amusing. The Singing Class sang the glee "Sleep, gentle lady," which was followed by some inspiriting band music. Mr. H. Briggs briefly proposed a vote; of thanks to the band and the choir. This was secondied by!Mr. Mitchell, and carried by acclamation. The Chairman, in putting the motion, mentioned that little more than a year ago he was laughed at for suggesting the establishment of a Catholic band and singing class, but after what they had heard that night, the laugh was turned upon those who ridiculed the idea. (Loud cheers.) He then announced that Mr. J. G-. Daly had kindly promised to give the next lecture to the Catholic Young Men's Society. (Applause.) Mr. Colman moved a vote of thanks to the Chair man, speaking in very complimentary terms of the efforts the Bev. Mr. Kussell had made to advance the interests of the Catholics, and of the exertions he had made to secure the erection of that hall. Mr. Lonergan briefly seconded the motion, which was carried amid loud applause. The Rev. Mr. Russell returned thanks. He cer tainly did feel proud that evening, as the Catholics in Ade laide now had a Hall which was second to none belong ing to private persons in the Australian colonies. (Hear, hear.) He was not, however, yet satisfied, nor would he be until they had a library and museum equal to any in the colonies also. (Applause.) He hoped they would all assist in achieving this result. (Hear, hear.) The proceedings were brought to a close by the Band playing St. Patrick's Day and the National Anthem. 