COHSECBATIOtf OPTHE EOMAJf CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. [From the Mtlbaurne Herald. Auuust 16.1 . une oi we granuest anu most solemn ot the ipectacies of the tioinan Catholic Church is the consecration of a Bishop; and from the fact that very few creations take place in the Southern itemupcete, ine interest attaenmg to the cere mony ia extensive. The vacancy in the present instance has occurred by the decease of the Eight Jtev. pi. Ueoifhigan, who expired some months Unce in Dublin, wbl.'st oa a visit to his native land. All wbo knew tbe deceased prelate in Mel bourne deeply deplored his death, as a scholar, a profound thinker, and a most Christian gentleman *u thereby lost to the Church and the ccm rnumty, Hw immediate successor is Dr. Shiel. heretofore acting as Archdeacon of Ballarat. bit auo well known for many years in Melbourne and other districts of Victoria, as one of the most suc cessful pioneers of Christianity and education. Hib zeal in each instance has been unceasing, and at length he has been rewarded for hu labours by being elected one of the Princes of hu Church, and receiving the mitre, one of the greatest honours conferred by the Church of Eome. On Wednesday morning (15th) he was consecrated in St. Francis's Chuich, in the presence of an immense congregation. Soon after 11 o'clock the procession moved from the vestry, headed by the Kight Rev. Dr. Coold. Bishop of Jlelbjurne; the Kignt Bev. Dr.Murphv, Bishop of Hobart Town; the Bight Key. Dr. Eloi, Bishop of Southern Oceanica: and the Bishop elect; a large number of priests following hi the train to the sanctuary. The consecration service then began, the oqan and choir in a burst of sacred melody commencing Mozart's 'Twelfth JIass;' Professor Hughes acting as organist Tbe officiating Bishop, tbe Right Bev. Dr. GooH, had for his assistant-deacons to the throne tbe Rev. Henry England and the Kev. F. Corbett The deacons of the mass were the Very Kev. Dr. Hayes, Dean ef Sandhurst, and the Rev. Jarues Moore, of Keilor, and his Lord ship's chaplain^ the Very Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and the Kev. Geo. Barry. The Very Rev. the Vicar General. Dr. Fitzpatrick. acted as assistant priest. The chaplain of the Bishop of Hobart Town was the Kev. S. Keardon. The Very Kev. Dr Forrest, of St. John's College, Sydney, officiated as char- lain to Bishop Eloi, and the Very Rev Dr Smyth. Vicar-General of Adelaide, in the same opacity to the Kight Kev. Dr.ShieL Amon-nft :he clergymen present were the Rev. Julian IVoods. Penola, S.A.; Revs. F. Downing and r '??»* °f Geelong; Rev. E. A. O'Dwver SWhVn KZ ? k u * ^''Hoerg; Kev. jm J3.?F'1?n-, Creswich; Revs. — Kavanash an U'DnscolI. tmerala Hill; Rev. B. PoSir 1™ larat; Itev 0. o;ilea, Pentridge; Rew. RKellj ^?V- - Jptaicne, S.J.; - Nolan, SJ.; - Mclniry. S. J. The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaus acte as master of ceremonies. The altar am! thron had been beautifully and artistically decorate, under the supervision of Mr. D. Brookman, Clerl I,-; t™™* : The celebrant was the Kight Rev Jr. Goold, assisted by JJi-hops Murphy and Kloi xne ceremonial commenced by robing and vestin' me prelate elect with vestments of the most hand some aud costly description that could be procuret in this portion of the world. He was then pre sented to the Bishop of the Diocese (Dr. Goold) and Dean Hayes read in the Latin tonjnie the bul that had been received appointing Dr. Shiel Bishot of Adelaide. Dr. tihiel then took the oath of obedi. ence to His Holiness the Pope, and promised tc observe the rights of the See of Adelaide intact. His examination as to the faith entrusted to him, his leaity to the Pope, and humility to the poor, was ien proceeded with by the Bishop of Melbourne he h:any having bean sun?, the hymn 'Vp.-i Creator ' was chanted, while the heal and hands of the prelate elect were anointed with holy chn^m, and the gloves and episcopal ring handed to him. The consecrating and consecrated Bishops then said mass to the lesson, and afterwards at tlie same altar together partook of the same chalice aud host. Then having been presented with the pastoral staff, the newl, created Bishop moved with the other Bishops down the church, and bestowed his benedictu-n on the coni-Tegaioa. O-i returning to the altar after mass hnd ken said the ihtvI.v consecrated Bishop was enthroned by Dr. LiOuid, and received the usual salutations from his l-rotrier prelates. The ceremony, winch lasted nearly three hours, was no-v concluded, the choir singing the 'Te Deum'1 in the same manner as in :he cnapei of His Holiness the Pope at Rome, the hev. i;. Power, of Ballarat. th-n preached the ronsecrating sermon, taking for his text, 'Go ye, ind teach all nations.'' Matthew xxviiL, II). if;er treating his subject in a most scholarly and :lo([uent manner, though evidently sudsrins from ndisppsitinn, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, ie said:-' .And uo.ir, my Lord Bishop, I will iaim your indulgence for a moment while 1 iddress to you personally a few words on the oieuin scene in which you naturally stood out as be principal object. In obedience to the voice of eter s succe sor. you have accepted a territory nO a flick, to rule them a3 i&hop; of the Church f God. The holy anointment has placed you on ne episcopal bench to assist theni with your iety, your prudence, and learning, in the miiihty ?ork for which the Holy Ghost has set them parr. For the burden of the episcopate, humanly Heating u intolerable. You must lean on ie Almighty arm of Him who-e voice has elected du from among men to bear it. The early ?aining ot a spotless life has fitted you for it— hether it was in the Irish home of your fiyhood. where, under the teaching aud example EalishoD who now is resting in the \»-som of wl, and whofe sainted name must be familiar to lose by whom 1 am Eurrounded-the late Dr. .ushes, of Gibraltar— you first were led to devote ?urlife to the -ervice of Uod. or in llnmp nmi.l tne cloisters of St. Isidore's convent on the Pineiai Hill, where for years you drank in the spirit o your .-ainted founder .St. Francis- the spirit o self -sacrifice and humility, or of the cross, or ii the academic halls already consecrated by tin genius, prodigious learning, and holy life of the great Luke Wadding, where you received tht honours justly due to your talents. If these hi claims sutiineru to justify your elevation tc the episcopate they are entirely yours. My Lord Bshop, if la years of arduous foreign mission - life upon tlie Australian land are to-day crowned by the ecene of which we are spectators, it is only the approving verdict of the several flocks whom you guided with fidelity and zeal, and *ho in return obeyed your holy .counsels and practice, as their pastor, with cheer ful docility and ardour. Let no poor words of mine further stay the course of the Holy bpirit in your favour; let the imposing hands and noly anointing bring Him down trora on hitfh. filling your heart and brain with the vifis of peace and power to enable jou to accomplUh the mighty work set apar: for you: let the tires of the hpint descend upon you at whose kindling touch the hoiy priest will be changed into a bishop ot God s holy church, and then, my Lord libhop-elect, with the mitre of justice on your conscrated head, with the staff of power in your hand, po forth to teach and rule the new in heritance of Adelaide assigned to you. ( -urs will be the pnef in parting with you, hers will be the consolation- Victoria loses the faithful, luvin« pneit ; she rmbs the. Bishop of her desires, ^ttch are the compensations of a good Providence in the ever-shitting scenes of life. Go forth, my Lord Bishop, with the prayers anil blessings of your friends and Hocks for your future happiness here and beyond the grave; and when the evening of. 1 trust, a lone life shall by its thickeniii' shadows warn you that your course has well mjih run our, when surrounded and supported by the atiection and fidelity of a faithful priesthood and nock, the coromijnitvnm may she, our risen Queen, whose glories tins Church to-day is chanting from home to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round it the sweet frayrance of her inttrces sionary power; may she lead you in the dart- ni'ht of death across the wilderne-s to Jesus the eternal 1'ontiiT, who will give you that crown cf unfadin' beautv awarded to those who preserve the faith ' flie proceedings were then concluded, and bishops, doctor.-, dean-, and acolytes left the sanctuary. 