CORRESPONDENCE. <(To the Editor ofthe Manning River XetcsJ . $n£,—A-etrange fl^ak' of; jnatuye occured at: thig fitation rOH "Saturday, the,\24th instant, —a,'mare^of ipine. jawing swat fcwfli to a ffoaV with <orily irwpirlegsf though in «yeiy otihgr respect ^ympteicafly'l^utiful. Indeed a finer jfillyToal is «ddom seenj-large, strong, and active.; with a rich, coat ^f^OB^y Jiam/ '.liVlen first , seen hy*. little toy, in »ny fempley, it was attempting to suck its mother by 'rising on its hind and only feet, tumbling over on its bapk at everyefforti.. for >ts the.boy says,,it used to .rise top high, •quite above the mother's back; and that lie at firstthought it.was a~" ghost," but upon •drawing nearer, {cautiously I suppose) and knowing the mother, he discovered that Maggie" tad 'a. fine foal with-only two Srind legs, and that it would do well to put in the paper; -and if he could have it, and Tear it 'with -a bottle, he might get something by it, as lie thought that eveiybody would •come to see it. Now, Mr. Editor, you will observe from the boy's own -words, that he evidently expects nothing sliort of a levee liere next week to see this singular 'Creature; and if his anticipations are realised, I fully expect to see yourself -among the number, knowing b,s I •do,' that as you have a good knowledge of ^anatomy 'and natural history, an object like thiB cannot fail of being interesting to you. To be serious. This strange creature has mo 'shoulder blades, nor the smallest indication that Nature at any stage of its formation'ever intended the development of the fore-arms in that region of-the body. Neither is there the slightest apparent defect; anything 'tliat "would-suggest the idea {to a man who had never seen a horse) that it was intended to go otherwise than erect on its ihind feet, like a, man, minus the fore-aims. It was carried toome from the bush by two men, and put in the stables, where we tried to devise means of -slinging it, but failed, •owing to the absence of the fore legs ; the clings kept slipping forward over its head. •One old fellow, however, who resides here, being wiBer than the rest-of us, made a pair •of trousers for it out of a bag, but being 3, female, it seemed so uncomfortable in •breeches that it broke the seat and slipped down. It now lies on a heap of straw in the stable, fed by the little boy on cow's milk, who expects to make a rich harvest by its •exhibition when it grows big. I will, with your permission, inform you as to the condition of its health from time to time, insisting-as I do, that you cannot but feel deeply interested in the fate of this singular freak •of nature. M. CAFFBEY. Coopemook, Nov. 26th. I remain, dear sir, yours faithfully, 