THE FOOTBALL CLUB'S RULES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR -I am an ardent admirer of the game of football-at a distance I behold the numerous "spills," "charges," &c.;, during a match with the utmost pleasure , I might almost say de- light. The remarkably cool manner in which the aforesaid "spills" are received by the 'little ones," and the evident satisfaction ex- perienced by the "big ones " in "spilling," afford me an amount of amusement more easily imagined than described. You will therefore perceive that the following remarks are not prompted by anything like ill feeling towards the game 0r the players In addition to the usual entei tainmcnt affoided by the play tho other evening, I was fortunate enough to becomo possessed of a cop} of the Hiles mid bye laws of tho Club now m such i flouiishing state in Busbane Fiom a caicful perusal of them I soon c ime to tho con elusion that, although the membeis maj be thoioughly acquainted with all the iules of the gamo of football, some of thom at least mo vci) ignoiunt of many of the jules of giaminai Then taste» displaced in tho selection of caps and shuts of variegated shapes and hues, may bo i cry good, then ideas lespettmg English composition uro positively bad Mj attention was first drawn to tho wold " that," which stands at the beginning of almost ovoij i ule and sentence , and in neaily eveiy instance, its position is not ni accoiduuco with the law "in that tiso mado and piovuhd" Next, by tho fiequcut uso of tho word " shall " These, howeiti, aio tailing onoi«, tom pared with some that follow I beg to ask the fiamcis of tho " Rules and Regulations of the Brisbane Foot bull Club," what the) mean by placing the word "shall" in the fust lino of Rule I " 'J hat the Club shall bo called," <S.c p Do they mean that it ia not now called the B F C, but shall bo culled so at some futuro date 5 Tho same foolish mistake has been made in Rule VI, m which it is staled that the subscript ion shall bo 5s pei annum, without giving ono au idea as to what it is at Iho present time Rule. IX , how oi cr, is quite a gem in its waj In it wo hal o the means stated foi expelling an unde- sirable member If any member of the B i L. will consult his dietionarj, and find am meaning of this ii oíd, gnentheio, synonymous with ' ob noxious" (which is plainlj tho menning in tended to be convojtd by the rule), he will obhge by mfoimiug me of his discoi erj Farther on the rule states that previous to tho oxpulsion of an) nndesirable member, the committee must leceiiea "wntteii complaint from at least five members " Whcthei the meaning of this is that each mombor is to sond a written complaint, or that tbo writton complaint is to bo signed by five members, is of courso oxtroincly doubtful. Tho last soutouceo of this rulo reads thus : " Any member to forfeit all right to the pro- perty of tho club by such expulsion." Ghost of Lindley Murray ! It is not noccssarily tho undesirable member who is to bo mulcted but ant/ member may be the victim. Your space is too valuablo to bo taken up for my amusomont. I must, therefore, rofrain from oncroachiug much faHhor upon it. Thoro is ouo bonne boudie howover, which I havo ro sorvod for tho last. It consists of tho Gth byo law, which is as follows :-" That ovory mom- bor do regard obodienco to tho captain in tho game-a duty to the club ; also, that each sido ñamo its own captain, &c.;" Isn't this >awful ? Was no Normal School boy prcsout when theso rules wore concocted, to raiso a hand in dofenco of his mother tongue? Was no juvonilo disci- ple of a well-known Professor, thoro to provont this unholy murdor of tho English laugungo. Yours, TOM BROWN. 