CURIOSITIES OF NATURAL HISTORY. Tim Sun thus notices tke publication of Frank Buck land's new work, bearing the above titlo : Mr. Buckland has dono well to collect his scattered and very interesting memoranda, the result of many years' varied experience and much close and discri- minative observation. In the two volumes now before us are some amusing accounts of " Expeditions " to Southsea and Portsmouth, Yorkshire, Berkshire, Hampshire, and the neighbourhood of London. Added | to these are excursions to Connemara and Galway, with an investigation into tho history of the salmon and the cultivation of rivers. We meet next with amusing adventures with lions, tigers, and foxes, &c.; As a specimen of which, let us take the following vivid description of II0X1NO A. TlOEll. Though I havo had much to rio with live lions, yet one day vve had great fun with a young tiger. My friend Mr. Bartlett kindly sent over to the Regent's Park barracks, to report that they were all re idy to "pack up a tiger," and would I come over? Of course, I was soon at the gardeus, and a curious scene took place. The tiger to be " packed up " was about tho size of a good big sheep-dog (only, of couise, longer in the body). She had been captured as a cub, and brought ox er from India on board ship, whero she had been made a great pet of by the sailors, and was in conse- quence pretty tame. " Puss " (for that wos her name) was in one of the big dens next the large lions, having for her playmate a young leopard. The box in which bhe was to be placed was wheeled np in front of the den, and pluced on its side ; it was simply a large box with Btrong broad wooden bars on one side (the two centre ones taken out), and two strong bits of wood so arranged as to be screwed down in front of till the bira when the beast was sale inside. I write tchen, because it proved no easy task to get her into this box. All preliminaries being arranged, Cocksedge, the keeper, who knows no fear with his beasts, w ent into the den with the tiger, and called "Puss, puss, puss," in an ¡numble manner. The tiger came bounding up in n kitten-like fashion ; she curried her tail erect over her back, and then, raising her fur, begnn to purr and rub herself- against his legs. Cocksedge then took a bit of rope out of one o£ hiB capacious pockets, and proceeded to pass the end of it under Puss's collar. Push in the meantime began to play with the slack of the rope, as though it was great fun. Cocksedge, having fixed the rope, began to draw Puss gently toward the door. Sho did not seem to caro about this very much, but still thinking that a "romp" was meant, patted the ropo with her paws. Cocksedge, howovcr, got otitsido the door of the cage, and pulled som'ewhat hardoi. Puss begun to think that something more than a gamo of play vv as meant, 60 sho extended her feet, nnd pulled well backwards, and her expression seemed to say, " Two can play at that game) my friend." Another keeper then got into tho den, and giving her a gentle lift up behind, out she' went of the open door on to tho stone spaco which is railed off to koop visitors from the bars of the deua. The moment Puss felt sho was out of the cage, down sho crouched, lash- ing her tai), as though determined not to move an inch. The box was brought nearer, and the rope pasbed in round one of the bars, and the outside again. The keepers began to pull gently and slowly upon it, the only result being to bring the " mountain to Mahomet"-i.e., the box to the Puss, not the Puss to the box. "When tho box was close to her head, thoy gave a sudden pull on the rope, and at the same time advanced the box quito close to her, The residt was most laughable. Has tho reader ever witnessed tho execution of " Punch," by hanging in that most popular of street performances ? " Punch," it may be recollected, cannot be made to understand where he is to place his head. In like manner, Puss could not understand what benctits could be derived from placing her head into the opening of tho box beforo her ¡ so the result of the pull on the rope, and the advancing »f the box, and tho lifting of her hind- quarters, was simply to bring her head well on to the top of the box, several inches above the lid, her sprawling arms and legs being extended, spread-eagle fashion, in front of it. " Try again," therefore, was the word. " Look out," said I to Cocksedge, " the strap round Puss's neck is only leather, and is very likely to givo way." Accordingly, on the next trial, smack it went, and Puss, feeling herself loose and free, instantly made a bolt for it. Cocksedge, with his usual coolness and courage, snatched at her as sho was slouching quickly away, and got hold of her tail. Like tho cats used in that refined but barbarous punishment of the poor niggers, where a common house cat is placed on the poor black man's back, and her tail smartly pulled, so did "our Puss" instantly extend all her sharp talons, and hold on, as well as she could, to the stones, thus giving time and oppor- tunity for the rope (without the strap) again to be placed round her neck. A trial was again made to get her into the box ¡ but Puss, having by this time found out that Cocksedge was in earnest, showed fight in the most wonderful manner. Sho put back her ears, showed her young but terrible fangs, and struck at any intruding human limb with her broad, talon armed paws; she had quite lost her temper, and was a true embodiment of the phrase the nurse sometimes applies to a naughty child-" She fought like a young tiger." At last, feeling somewhat exhausted, she sat down on her haunches, lashing her tail from side to side with real anger. The rope plan was therefore given up, and the directoi of the proceedings, Mr. Bartlett, ordered the keeper to " fetch the bag." He shortly reappeared with a common sack, the open end of which was mounted on to a strong pole (like an ordinary land- ing-net for fishing), the ' shut end of die bag being laced up, after the fashion of a Balmoral boot, only that the lace-holes were much further apart. Watch- ing his opportunity, one of the keepers slipped the bag over her head (like a lady catches a butterfly on a hedge), and Puss was fairly in the bag ; he then lifted it up, thinking Puss would stay quietly there. Puss thought otherwise, for the moment the bag was off the ground she twisted herself right round, hor head appeared at tho mouth of tne bag, and out she hopped like a " Jack-in-a-box ;" her wrath in tho meantime grew fiercer and fiercer, and sho challenged all comers to deadly comh.it. Stealing up tnis time behind her, while Mr. Bartlett kept hor attention engaged in front (the " Puss, puss, puss" days were over long agu), tho keeper put the hag once more over her head, and lifting it up a little from the ground, a rope was tied round it, the bag was then lifted up by means of the pole, and a pretty turmoil took place inside it. Puss scratched, and yelled, and jumped about so, that one would havo thought that the keeper had caught a real livo demon, but this did not last very long ; the closed end of the sack was placed over the opening in the box, and the lacing carefully undone, and puss fell into the box by her own wcigh't. It mudo me laugh to look at her face when she was a prisoner. She peered out of the wrong side of thu bars with her bright but glaring eyes, which seemed to say, "Well, you have done me now. If I had known what the lot of you were about with your ' Puss, puss, puss,' and your fawning civilities a quarter of an hour ago, nothing would have induced meto have come out of my cage so readily. Confound that sack, Unit's hardly fair.' When the conquered puss was safe in the box, the victorious Cocksedge rubbed his hands and set to work vigorously to screw down the bars which were to keep her in. " You're ni! right now, you tiresome young hussy," said he, " and off you'll go hy to- night's train to Mr. Ed- monds's menagerie, nt Manchester ; and I only hope they will use you as well there as I have used you here." The above quotation will bo sufficient evidence of the liv ely, pleusunt manner in which Mr, Buckland narrates his experiences. His sketches of "Giants" and " porpoises," '* performing fleas," and "Austra- lian fat boys," " baby shows," and " Ben Jouson's skull," and other equally amazing and multifarious matters, occupy the second volume, described in the same graphic «fid animated manner, happily combin- ing the "grave and gay," the " lively and severe." TOWN AND COUXTIIY Am.-Tho air of a city is not so good as the air in tile country, but it might be made so. Filter the smoko from it, keep it a few degrees more moist by giving some encouragement to trees in open places, make suitable channels in which the air can move, in the shape of wide streets, and deteiinine the arrangement of buildings, with a view to get a maximum of sunshine on the walls and win- dows of every inhabited edifice ; put a stop to sources of miosma and eflluviu, and why should not tho air of a city be as good for human consumption as that in any ordinary rural spot a hundred miles away í It may never be well charged with ozone or flavoured with iodine, or present the peculiar qualities of the atmos- phere on bracing hills, because London is neither near the sea nor elevated above the average of thirty inches of barometric prosbure ; but .doubtless, it is within the compass of man's art to so far extinguish causes of atmospheric impurity, that, as far as the quality of air for the purposes of human lifo is con- cerned, Cheapside might be as healthy a spot as any pretty village to bo found in the home counties. At all events, the most renowned analytic chemists can perceive no absolute difference between the air of a city and that fiom any part of the country that surrounds it. The elementary principles, oxygen and nitrogen, are always in the same proportions,- so the relative differences are to be accounted for by the pollutions attendant on imperfect sanitation.-City Press. CoNrmENcn OF THE RODIN RnnniiEAST.-It is in the middlo of winter that robins evince their con- fidence in the human race. They appear to ask for protection and food, by entering the house, hopping along the floor, and feeding on any crumbs which may have fallen from the table. Nor is this all. If a window is left open, they will perch on a chair, sing a little sprightly ditty, and roost, perchance, on the top of a book-case. How pleasing is it to witness this familiarity, and to grant that protection which is so confidently asked for ! Indeed, instances have been known in xvhich this confidence has been still further carried by robins having built their nests in a room, behind a curtain, or on some shelf, waiting patiently till a window or a door was opened that they might gain access to them. An instance has been related of a Tobin having commenced a nest in a sitting room, plucking hair out of the head of a person who was quietly reading in it, for the purp'oso of lining the nest.-B. Jesse, in Once a Week. THE FnosT-niTTEN NOSE.-The writer of the re- cently published work " Two Months on the Tohiquo" remarks:-Suddenly all consciousness left my nose. I raised my hand and touched it ; it might have been anybody else's nose. In fact, I was frost- bitten, and by my companions' directions I dubbed snow in my face till the sensation of cold and the re- turning redness of tho skin (which frost-bite renders white as paper) showed that, in colonial phrase, the "frost was out." THE OLD CAVAI.HY HOUSE AND THE BUOLE CALL. Calignani's Messenger fays :-M. Próvost-Paradol, oí whom thero is so much talk in Paris just now, is well known for Ms love of horsemanship as well as his little regard for tho present dynasty. A curious circumstance happened to him a few year* finco. Being unablo to keep ti stablo of his own, ho had hired a horse from a doaler. ' It WBB a stionp. spirited animal, and r-ff ho Linllnped on it to the Bow. There ho fell in with the Prince Imperial, attended by a small cscoit of (lrnROons. Just then tho bugler blow a cal], and at tho sound M. Prevost-Porndol's horso pricked up its cars and suddenly joined the troop. In spite of all his cfforfB to prevent it, tho young journalist was carried along with tho escort, and hud lo ride into tho courtyard of tho 1 uilericH in nttendanco on tho Prince. It turned out that he was mounted on an eld cavalry horse. ILutrooNiNO A. DOCTOH. - I was avvpko (says Stomer, in his Life of Adventure) tho next morning by hearing a tremendous stamping and scuffling going on over head, ond rushing on deck to seo what was the matter, I found " Joo" tho boat- stecror, to whoso vile disposition I have already alluded, engaged in a deadly strugglo with our block cook. Ile hod his sheath-knife out, and was making desporato efforts to drive it into the unhappy darky, who shouted for ossiBtonce, which none of the lookers-on appeared in- clined to give him, for he was no favourite on board, being, without exception, the dirtiest and worst cook in existence. I could not see tho poor devil murdered in cold blood ; so, making a sudden spring at the Frenchman, I mnnaged to get hold of his wrist, which I held until the nigger had effected his escapo, Joe all the while foaming with rage at my interference. On the captain making his appearance, Joe was dragged aft, and 1 thought the whole tiling was over, but just as I was questioning tho trembling wretch as to the origin of the quarrel, I heard a shout of warning, and, turning round, beheld Joe making a rush towards us, ? xviih a naked harpoon in his hand. I was over tho bows and on to the flying jibboom in an instant ; but the miserable "Doctor" was not so fast, and, des- perate with terror, ho jumped clean overboard-about the -very worst thing it was possiblo for him to do, as, once in the water, escape wns next to impossible. Never shall I forgot that -villainous Frenchman's'face, as tv ith fiondislu glee he took deliberate aim at his tictim. Poising his harpoon for an instant, he let drive. I heard a shriek, and I thought it was all over with tho poor nigger, for Joe was a capital har pooner, and seldom missed his aim. But for once his haft went a little wide of the mark. The " Doctor " ose to the surface, bleeding, it is true, from aldoep ash on the hip, but not dangerously wounded. His ifc had been saved by a miracle. > GIIBAT SI.AVOIITKU.-The sight was indeed a'fear ful one, and the dead bodies lay thicker than I had ever seen before on any field of battle. This was chielly the case in front of the stone wall which skirts the sunken road at the foot ot Maryo's Heights. ' The dead xvere here piled up in heaps six or eight deep. General Hansom told us that our men were ordered not to commenco firing until the enemy had ap- proached within a distance of eighty yards ; but that from the moment they advanced within this, the hostile ranks hod been completely mowed down by our-tolleys. The nature of tho ground towards tho town is open and flat, broken only by some plank fences, and dotted with a few wooden houses soattcrcd hero and there. All these objects, and even the very ground, were so thickly riddled with bullets that scarcely^ a square inch was without its dint ; and it became incomprehensible to me how even that small few of the most dnshing assailants, who had run up within fifteen paces of our lines, could have survived this terrific lire long enough to do so. Many of the Federal soldiers had found death seeking shelter in the small court-yards of the houses behind the wooden plank fences sur- rounding them, but which, of course, offered not the slightest protection ; and heaps of the corpses of these poor fellews filled the narrow enclosures. On a space of ground not over two acres we counted G80 dead bodies ; ond more thon 1200 altogether were found on the small plain between the heights and Frcdericks burg, those nearest the town having mostly been killed by our artillery, which had played with dread- ful efleet upon the enemy's dense columnJS More than half of those dead belonged to McagheSg brave Irish brigade, which was nearly annihilated during the several attacks. A number of the houses'which wc entered presented a horrid spectacle-dead and wounded intermingled in thick masses. The latter, in a deplorable state for want of food and care, were cursing _ their own cause, friends, and commander-in-chief, for the sufferings they endured. As we walked slowly along, Captain Phillips suddenly pressed my arm, and, pointing to the body of a soldier whoso head was so frightfully wounded that part of the brain was protruding, broke out with, "Great God, that man is still living ! " And BO he was. Hearing our steps, the unfortunate sufferer opened his glassy eyes and looked at us with so pitiable on expression that I could not for long after recoil it without shuddering. A surgeon, being close at hand, was at once called to the spot to render what ' assistance was yet possible ; but he pronounced the man in a dying condition, and observed that it was totally opposed to all medical experience, and could only üe considered in the light of a miracle, that a human being, with such a wound, should have' lived through nearly sixty hours of exposure and starvation. -The " Confederate War for Independence," inBlack scood's Magazine. , FisniNO IN AN AMEMCAN LAKB.-I had just succeeded in fastening the casting-line to my satisfac- tion, and was about to select some killing flies from my well- stored book, when an ejaculation from Phil so upset my equanimity, that I nearly let bookj flies, and all drop into the woter. I say an ejaculation ; and so it was-expressive, if not altogether elegant. " Hell ! " said Mr. Phil, resting on his ours. " What did you say ?" I indignantly demanded. " What ! " continued the unabashed rascal. '.' Why, how in thunders do ye expect to kitch fish with them yere iixins r Them darned English notions of yournaint of no account in these diggins, I tell yer. Hickory rod, hemp line, No. 6 hooks, and venison bait: them's the sort for theso waters. Bet a ' quarter ' that y c'll hook nary fish this blessed night with that gear, anyhow ye nx it ! " This was American free- dom of speech with a vengeance, and I hardly knew whether to laugh or be angry; .how- ever, I said nothing, quietly determining to give him a bit of my mind on somo future occasion. Arriving at the rock, I found that the fibh were rising in every directisn ; and being desirous of Bhotving Mr. Phil the folly of his asser- tions, I lost no time in making a cast, full of con- fidence as to the result. Phil now began in the most methodical manner to prepare his own fishing appoint- ments. Ho first cut a tough sapling to serve him for a rod, and then from the depths of his coat pocket drew out successively some dirty twine wound on a piece of cigar-box, a paper of hooks, and a good-sized lump of beefsteak, which last was thickly encrusted witli tobacco-dust and ashes. It wos with supremo contempt ttiat I watched these proceedings; and when he had at length completed his arrangements, and began to fish, I could not help telling him, in my most sarcastic manner, to let me know when he caught his first trout, as I was anxious. to see him land it. Hardly hud I turned my eyes .away from the wretch, when I heard his infernal drawl- ing voice, in which I could detect a slight touch of sarcasm : " Capting," said ho, "guess I 've hooked a fish ; feels ii kinder like n ten- pounder. How many have you got over thar?" It was only too true ! With his miserable tackle he had already succeeded in hooking o tino large trout, whilst I, aimed with the lightest of trout rods, and ilies which a celebrated moker had solemnly assured me were tied expressly for American loke fishing (Oh ! Martin Kelly, how could you ?), whipped tho water in every direction without so much as getting a rise or hooking a single minnow ! I felt exceedingly disgusted, . and began to fear that what Phil had asserted might, after nil, turn out to be true. I did not, however,' think it advisable to let that worthy know the extent of my misgivings, and endeavoured to impress upon him that my non-success was solely owing to my having in the hurry of the moment selected the-wrong flies, a mistake winch it was then too late to rectify. If I thought to impose on Master Phil's credulity I was mistukin, for he was by no means a fool. " Capting," he replied, as he landed another'trout, " that's so, no doubt, but the sun's going down yonder, and wo want fish ; it is of no account how wc catch 'cm, so as they are on hand when supper time comes. You try them flieB again, when there's time to spare, lind five hungry men ain't awaiting for their supper. Jist for this once use hook and bait, and ecu whether you can't catch enough fish for your own supper, at aU events. If ye're anyways soie on the pint, jist say the word, and when we get back to the shanty I'll swar ye caught the whole string with yer fly rod ; they moy believe it if I don't.' ' All this was said with such dry humour that I could not bo nngry with him; indeed, I was only too glad of au excuse for chonging from fly to bait, not wanting to hove the laugh against mo when I returned to the shanty. To Master Phil's evident satisfaction, chango oi baits produced a corresponding chango of luck, and in anhi'ur's time we had caught a dozen line speckled tiouts, averaging half a pound each.-Stumer's Ilecol < citons of a life of Adventure. DESOLATION.-I set out for a ramble through the woods, but w orncd by signs which announced the motts that Moulton assured me set in about the middle of this month, I turned back again. Such of my rcadeis as have not tried a "rough life" can scarcely appreciate the cheerful emotions which arise -within nie on my îetum to my. little forest den from one of these limb and heart wearying wanderings through the woods. Slipping and stumbling and plodding through clinging, clogging snow, cold, tvet, miserable, disappointed and desponding that all this has been endured to no purpose, save that of unveil ine the mysteries of the cedar swamp, andV' getting up" with painful labour the, dismal geography of dcsolatit-n ; thus I reach the blazed sapling at the foot of the star-like ,path which leads up to my "welling. A glance upwards to assuro myself, by the white roof gloaming through the trees, that it has not been burned in my absence, the bucket eyer left there awaiting me, filled at the chattering hrook . and already 1 feel my spirits rise as my feet slovvy' and cautiously bearme up that steep and slippery hill! Then, os I fling aside my blanket door, and lay dowri my bucket and my axe, and my rille, and soo the glowing brands awaiting but a touch and a replacing to blaze up cheerily, and the pot of hot tea or coffee and the bread and pork, ßr partridge (if fortune has favoured me), and the pipe after them, and the rest on tlie bed of bouçhs, succeed in turn,-all cheer me so, that my privations aro forgotten, and my discon- tent i«s changed to a state of luxurious satisfaction. I am all alone, 'tis true, and often (never moro so than in the gloaming) I feel it a buulen not easy to bear; bul for this the best remedy is occupation. Whoa thought becomes too busy, and memory musters her throng from tho ghost-land of the past, then I take my nxo, and thought changes her subject, and those throngs vanish at the first ringing btroke. Nor do the hours of evening hang heavy on my hands, for with my pen and my Biblo, my only com- panion, and little jobs in abundance, the time passes cheerfully till I roll myself in my blanket before the replenished fire, I havo said nothing, however, of ono frequent and intense annoyance of my cvpnings namely, a smoky chimney. Last night, when the snow had fallen so as to cover all the crevices between the cedar boards which form the roof, the absence of any inlet far a sufficient current of fresh air below resulted in its coming dpwn the chimney. The camp was soon filled with such volumes of smoke that I was almost in danger of suffocation, while my oyes became so painfully inflamed that I felt it even in my dreams. This was temporarily remedied by throw- ing aside tho blanket door, which I had to leave so oil night, ? not a very pleasant alternative. I li ave caicfully examined tho chimney, and think I see a way of doctoring it ; but should this fail, I know not what I shall do. Leave thowood6 for the abodes of man I cannot ; the Tiver is out of the ques- tion, full of floating ice as it is ; the woods aro impass- able. A month may elapse creí can escape, and in the meanwhile irreparable evil may result to my eyes. Already they arc so inflamed tliat out of the house I can hardly keep thom open, while closing them in- creases the burning pain. No one who has not expe- rienced- it can appreciate the evil I complain of. I hear no sound from morning till night savo the whirr ' of the squirrel, the chirrup of the tomtit, the tap tap of the woodpecker, and sometimes the strange "drumming" of the partridge,-a ' sound very like distant thunder, and mysterious in that no man can tell whence it comes, nor from how far. These and the murmur,of the forest aro nearly all the sounds I hear from day to day. For upwards of three weeks I have not heard the voice of mon, Bavcmy own, xvhich at times almost startles me. I sometimes talk and shout even lest I should forget how. And for perhaps six wcekB longer the bolitudo may lost, till the freezing of the river enables travellers to pass over the ice, or tiU snovf shoes come into play." And it has begun to snow such snow as I never saw before ¡ minute, like dust, like pins' points, close, thick, a mist, a fog, q. drizzling cloud of snow,-down it comes as though all the atmosphere were charged with it.-Journal of Ttco Months on the Tobiouc. No 2C.-I remember, dear sir, that once whea I wag passing some time at one of these largo hotels, and you came to stay with me, you had a host of objections to make. It appeared to you, that I had ceased to be a personage, and bad become a number-No. 20, or whatever it might be. You said when you asked for me by name, there was a whispering of waiters and porters, and then somebody inquired whether " 20 was at home." Well, I grant this ; I am a number, nnd nothing else, when I live at a great hotel j but, altee all, what does it matter? The system maybecom« general some day. Wo aro getting into a mess with our surnames, as fast as we can, and a man needs to have two or three, if he wants to be distinguished. Perhaps numbers may come in, and we may road in the Court Circular. " The Prince of Wales Visited that illustrious sculptor No. 184, .and inspected the group on which this renowned gentleman has been so long engaged.-" Chesterfield Junior," in All the Year Bound, 