THE GHOST OF A GRIM SORAG OF MUTTON. [TIo followtg enllog, written Ily tl yocngrr l)ihdino. rn rnr t ip|plar forn N11nrL tllm, 1111durn thinor letitwenllrl (Ireat Iritain nid tlo OrtL Niapoleon.1 A sorliOAln one time, tho' T can't toll you when, Nor can I toll whlre too, jist. now; And he learnt-whly I cant toll you what: nye, and then TTo liv'd-O I can't. toll you how: lie lollg'id by an inn, in the slront. I'm not right, And Ith sign it don't nialhr ia billon; BIut this inn it was haunted at twelve ev'ry night Bly the Ghost of a grim Scrag of Mutton 1 Tho landlord wans in a most torriblo fright, Ilo'd no peace Iby night nor 3by day ; So ho sent for this mirror of learning no bright, To seo if tlh ghont hn could lay. Says the scholar, " I can, for at aigio I dsh,, Nor o'en for Old Nickl con a button ; So don't eo in a stow, for '11 otln Illthe hnash Of this Ghost of a grim Scrag of Mutton." ero mndo a groeat iro, anid ho put on he pot ; 1Pit in llrnips, thylm, palrsloy, nrd lotks ; Tho clockl it slruck twolvo IIH Ioh water grow hot, And tIlo casonoent upllonll iH hlingo crokis. Theo momeont was aw fl--a terribl jobll Wlhon, with it long Hnee lik i a glutton, And ia grin monstrous ghastly, poplp'l in the queer nob Of the Ghost of a grim Scrag of Multton. Says the scholar, "youl'ro welcomnlo, som mutton I want For my broth, 'ore Ilia pot it boils faster, So pr'ytheo comnu in ;" said thie mutttoni, " I ohantt', For I'n certainly meat for your mastor." Then the scholar hie oaught iup a firk in groatwrath, Stuck it under his rib likeo i gtluton, Soia'd hin into the boilor, and flinshed his brotlh With thi Ohost of the grim Scrag of Mu[ltton. The story thuls finishod, Ithe moral shan't Ing: Tho landlord who'd such ittle heloart, Not tihe only ono ho who's boon nsar'd by a scrag, For it scrag's but a small BJlny-j)art. So Ilho elmporor Scrag in fear Europo has got, The' John Bull idon't mind him i biutton ; For Johnny's thin scholar who'll send him to pot, Like th1 Ghost of the grim Scrag of Mutton. 