WIE OPERA. ^-?*>? LA SEMIRAMIDE. This renowned chef d'oeuvre of the greatest living composer, although not on entire novelty in Melbourne, was produced last night with a degree of careful preparation entitling it to more than ordinary notice, i In January last, on the occasion of its first representation in this city, the opera ran for six nights, but the mise en scene was then of a greatly inferior character to that which now delights the eye; and in this work, more than in most, the scenic accessories become of importance. No completeness of musical arrangement and delivery is of itself sufficient to enable the audience to realise the grandeur of the composition, and the success with which Koasini has contrived to imbue with dramatic life the dead bones of the old half-maÉLological story of the Babylonian amazon her loves and hates, crimes, triumph?, and destruction. The apparently massive character of much of the scenery with which Messrs. Hennings, Pitt, and Fry have adorned the stage of the Theatre Royal is admirably suited to the sombre ancient story upon which the opera is based. The first scene, representing the Temple of Bolus, can hardly be over praised. The perspective is perfect, and all the minutes of Assyrian architecture have been carefully considered. The ponderous harps upon which the musicians play adorn each side of the picture, the statue of the god Baal fills up its centre, while the background, with its pillars and cuneiform inscriptions, looks as if it would fitly form the skeleton of a mound to be unearthed centuries hence by some enterprising Rawlinson or LayaTd of the future. The Hanging Gardens of Semiramis are less imposing than might be anticipated; but, as they merely constitute the veil to a scene of intense grandeur, their inferiority may well be pardoned. The view which they hide is a hall in the royal palace, with the tomb of Ninus on one side, and the Euphrates in the background. Anything prettier than the representation of this river with its semi-transparent water, could not be conceived. In no theatre have we witnessed a more exquisite picture. It was fully appreciated by the crowded house which had assembled to witness the performance, as was also beyond a doubt, the general mounting of the piece. The incident upon which the story of the opera turns, is the nomination by Semiramis of a successor to the throne, and his announcement that the fortunate individual whom she and some unnotified oracle may proclaim, shall take her to wife. She names ArsaceB the commander of her armies, to the intense disgust, as it appears, of three per- sonages Arsaces himself, who is in love with a younger fair, Azema ; Prince Asser, who has his own pretensions; and the shade of Ninus, Semiramis' late husband, from whom she had been expeditiously divorced, at her special request, by the danger of Assur. The interference of Ninus' ghost with the plans of Semiramis is prompted by its knowledge of the fact, soon to be made universally known by the priests, that Alsace is in reality Ninias, the presumedly lost son of Ninus and Semiramis. Arsaces, when made aware of his genealogy, naturally pursues to the death his father's murderer ; but in the gloom of that father's burial-place, whither Assur, followed by Semiramis, repairs for refuge, the sword of the avenging Ninias pierces the bosom of the guilty queen. Decidedly the first fact noticeable in last night's performance was the personation of Arsaces by Miss Georgia Hodson. Madame Escott has led us ever to expect a satisfactory delineation in any role she may undertake, and hence of her Semiramis it is sufficient to say that it was worthy of her deservedly high reputation. But Miss Hodson has been less uniformly successful, and therefore it is the more incumbent upon us to remark on the excellence of her performance last night. She dressed the part admirably, seemed to forget the audience to which it is too frequently her practice to be ever appealing, and sang with considerable feeling and effect In the duet with Assur, " Belo image degli die," she was remarkably successful, onrJ a call before the curtain for herself and Mr. De Hagan was the result. To wards the close of the opera, the duel " Glomo cross" between Arsaces asd Semi rains was well rendered. Altogether, the lady vocalists may fairly be complimented or having accomplished their respective duties with the utmost success. Mr. Beaumont has not quite recovered his ordinarily harmonious voice, but managed to get through the air falling to his share as Idronus creditably. Mr Kitts' Ore was also effectively performed Of Mr. De Haga's Assur the part six months ago allotted to Mr. Wharton-thebes that can be said is that it was musically correct. A little less attitudinising would have made it more acceptable and we are no aware that it is necesary for an Assyrian prince more than any other mortal to be perpetual!; moving his arms, as though he were actively; engaged in rowing a boat. Mr. Sutcliffe looked "L'Ombra di Nine" to a marvel, and his vocalisation was not defective. Of the concerted pieces, it need only be said that the quartette "Di tanti rage," in the first act was skilfully given, and that the quartet Gium al numb," in the second act, was s admirably performed that it insured the recall of all the vocalists at the fall of the curtain. Much credit is due to Mr. Siede, a conductor, and to the orchestra and chorus for their share in what must rank as on of the best lyric performances ever will passed in Melbourne. The opera is to b played during the remainder of the week. 