OHAKLES DIÓKENVAND THE STAGE. ' ; ;' :uX .' VAliliN TINE'S. DA'Yi. .';. ,V 1 ,Tho annual festival of tho Dràmàtiq Eques- trian,, and .Musical Sick Fund Charity Uvas lield on Wednesday evening;1 at Willis's Eoom8,( London, updbr", tho presidonoy ,,qf Charles Diolcons, ' Esq., Betwoen ^300- and 400 ladies and gentlomen-sat down to table. Tb give -a Hst of 'the guostB';would bo to ónumorato all who are most colobratefl in literatura, .tho drama, mus io, and tho. fine arts gonerally. Tlio capacity, of the largo room was, tested to thq utmost. Indeed, tho only inconvenience, of , tho evening was (a littlo unpleasant orowdjng in tho.attempt to flnd seats for.somo fifty moro guosts.than qoiild bo" convenientlyàçopmmodatbd; " " j Tho Chairman)'who on' rising, was ro coivod.with loud and long-oontinued, ohoor-. iig» gayo the usual-loyal toasts, whioh -wore most heartily responded to. ? . .In proposing the toast" of tho evening, the Chairman said-Ladies, bbforo I couple you with; tho gentlemen, whioh will .bo at least proper to tho inscription over my head (St. "Valentino's Day)-bofore I do so, allow, me, on behalf pf my grateful sox'herb repre- sented, to thank y ou "for tba great pleasure ¿nd interest with whioh your gracious pro sonco at these/festivals never fails to inspire tis. (Cheers.) Thoro is no English pustom whiohis so- manifestly a relio of savage lifo as that oustom' which' usually oxoludes you from participation.in similar gatherings, (Hear.) , And although the crime carries .its own heavy punishment along with it, in rospeot that it divests' a publio dinner of its most beautiful ornament 'and . of its most fasoinati,ng, ohnrm, still tho offenoe is none' the loss to bo severely reprohendod on ovory. possible occasion, as outraging . equally naturo and art. I boliovo that as 'littlb is known of tlio saint whose .name'is written boro as can well .ba .'known' of any saint or .sinnor. (Laughter.) Wo, your loyal ser- vants, are dooply thankful to him for having somohbw ' gained pössoBsion; of ono daV in tho year-for having, as' .nb'doubt ho has, arrnngod the almanao for Ï800 oxpressly to delight us with the onohanting fiotion that wo havexsomo tender proprietorship in you whibh we- should' soarooly doro to. claim on a loss auspicious ocousion. (Ohoprs.) Ladiós, tho utmost devotion sanationod by tho saint wo bogia to lay at your feat, and nny.littlo innóooñt privileges-(laughter)-to whioh wbfnjay, bo on titled by tho samo authority we bog rospootivoly but firmly to claim at gentlbmbn/you ribed no ghost to inform you .thatI. am going,to¿pro-poso "'Prosperity to i%e Dramatic, Musical j* and Equestrian tíiolc -Fund-1Assooiatio'nÜ -. (boar,-h oar) - and 'further, ,tha% I should bo igoing to ask you lactivoly. tf>- promote. 'tbatlprosperity.._by. liberally contributing, to its .funds, ,it'f that task vjere, not 'reserved for a much, mord pëfsûaâivospeaker.,, Butj l rest tho. strong qlaim of tho sooiety ipr i.ts'úséfúl bxistonoo and its truly: charitable -funetions on a very, ¡few words, though as; well'as I oan reoól l.bdt,! ' .Upon, : something ? like six grounds. First,'"it" relieves the sipk;' secondly, it buries,tho dead ; .thirdly^ it enables tho poor members of the profession to journey to '.acceptrnow engagements whenever they find themselves ' stranded in some remote, ih 'hospitablo place. or when, from' other cir- cumstances, they find themselves perfeotly orippled as.to locomotion for want pf money ; .fourthly, it often finds Buoh engagements for them by noting as their honest, disin 'terested agent ; fifthly, it is its principle to "act humanely upon tho instant, and never, ss is too often the oase within my expe : nonce, to beat about the bush till tho bush is withered and dead-(oheers)-lastly, tho sooiety is not in the least degree exclusive,' but takes under its comprehensive care tho' whole range of the theatre and tho concert room, from' tho' manager in his room of state, or in his caravan, or nt the drum- head-(laughter)-down to the theatrical housekeeper who is usually to 'be found amongst tho cobwebs, in the flies, or down to the .hall porter, who passes his life in a thorough draft-(laughter)- and, to tho best of my observation, in perpetually inter- rupted endeavours to-eat-something with a knife arid fork out of a basin, by a dusty, fire, in that oxtraordinary'little gritty room ripon whioh tho sun nover shines, and oh the portals of which aro insoribed the mngio words "stage door."_Now, ladies and gentlemen, this ' sooiety administers its benefits sometimes by way of loan ; some- times by'way of gift ; sometimos by way of assurancO|at very low premiums ; sometimes to members, oftner to non-mombors ; 'always expressly, remember, through tho hands of" a secretary or ' committee well acquainted with, the, ,wants, of"the applicants, and thoroughly versed, if not by hard experience at least'by. sympathy, in tho calamities* and. uncertainties incidental to tho genoral call- ing. Oho""' must 'know something of tho, general calling to know what these afflictions are. A lady who lind boen upon tko atnge from her'earliest childhood till She' was a blooming woman, and who' caine from a long line of provincial -notors and actresses, ¿nco said 'to mo when.she jwas happily mar- ried-when .Bho: was rich, beloved; : and courted ; when sho was . mistress of a fine house-^-once'said to mb nt tho head of hor ,own,, table, -.surrounded By'distinguished gueáts,.bf every.-, degree, "''-Oh,, but I have never forgotten the hard times whon I was bn tho stage, .and ¡ when , my baby brother died, and when' my poor mother and I tírought.the little bàby from'Iroland to Eng- land; and acte'd three nights in England, as !we had; apt^d. .three, nights in Ireland, ' with ' the pretty creature lying upon tho only bod in our lodging-before we got the money to Ip'ay 'for Itd'fttherah" Ladies andh gentlemen, such .things,.are,' avery day, to ' this hour;" b\it happily at thia day and in this hour this Sssooiation has arisen to bo tho timely friend i f buoh great~'distress. (Cheers.) It is1 not often the fault of,tho sufferers that they fall into those straits. Struggling artists must rlecossarilyqhango from piado to place, and thus ifc frequently happens that they becomo, tis. it wore, strangers in .every .place, and £/slight circumstances-a passing illness sickness pf the. husband, wife, or child, Í, serious town-(laughter)-an nhatho atising expounder of the gospel of gentlo rless,. and. forbearance-any ono bf these causes'may of ton in a few hours wreck them dpbn'a rpok'in the barren ocean; and then, Happilyr this' sooiety, with tho swift alacrity of tho lifq- boat, dashes to tho rescue and tikes thom off. (Cheers.), Looking just now. over tho last report issued by this sooietyj and confining my .sorutiny ,to tho head of '\ illness"' alono, I find that in one year, I think, 072 days of sioknosskad been as- suaged by its means* In nino years, whioh then formed the term- of ; its existonqe, ns many : as, 5500 .and.'odd; Woll, I thought, when I saw 5500 and odd days of siokness, this a very serious sum, but add tho nights 1 Add tho nights-those long dreary hours in the 24 hours when the shadow of death is darkest, when despondonoy ls strongest, and whon hope is weakost, before you gauge the good that is dono by this .institution, and-before you gauge the good that really will be dono by every shilling ' that you bestow hero to- night.. (Cheers.) Add, -moro than'all,' that tho improvidence, tho recklessness of the general mul titude of poor members of this profession, I should say is a cruel conventional fabio. (Cheers.) Add .that thoro is no olass of sboioty the members pf whioh sq well help themselves or so well holp each other. (Hoar, hear.) Not in tho whole grandohapters of SVestminstor Abbey, and ork Y Minster, not in tho wholo quad- rangle of tho Eoyal Exchange, not in tho whole list of members bf tho S to ok Ex- change, not in tho Inns of Court, not in tho Colloge of Physicians, not in the-Gollege of .Surgeons, cari there possibly be :found more remarkable instances of uncomplaining povorty, of ohoorful, constant solf-donial, of kindred and professional brotherhood, than will oertainly -be found in tho dingiest and 'dirtiest oonoert-room, in tho least luoid «theatre-even in tho. rnggodost tent oirous that was ever stained by woathor. ' (Oheers.) I hayo boen, twitted in print beforo now with rather flattering aotors whon I address thom as ono ' of their trustees at their General Fund dinner. Believe mo, I flattor nobody, unless it be somotimes mysolf ; but in suck a company as tho present I always fool it my manful duty to.boar my testimony to this faot-first, becauso it is opposed to a , stupid, unfeeling libel ; secondly, beoause my doing so may afford some slight en- couragement to tho persons who aro un- justly, dopveoiatod ; and lastly, and most of all, booauso I know it is the truth, (Ohoors.) Now, ladios and gontloraon, it ia time wo should what wo, professionally oall " ring down" on thoso romnrks. If you, suoh mouibors of tho general p ubi io as aro hore, will only think the groat thentrioal ouxtain j has really' fallen and boen!talton up/rignin for tho night on that dull, dark vault' whioh many of us know so vro\V0i you'wjlHnly think of tho theatre or other placo of enter- tainment ns empty, if you will only think of tho "float,""or other gas" fittings, as esf Jingujshod ; if you will_ only think of tho "people wh'ô "liayb* beguiled" you of an even- ing^ caro, whoso .little vanities and almost childish foibles are engendered in their com- peting face to face with you for your favour -purely it may bo; said, their feelings are partly of .your making, while .their virtues aro all ; their o wm If y ou ;will, only : do this, ¿nd follow them.put of that.sham'plaoe into tho real, world, whens if rains real rain; snows real snow, and ! blows-, real wind ; where people sustain themselves by real monoy, whioh is muoh harder to; get, muoh harder to make, and. very much'harder to give away than tho pieces of tobacoo pipe'in property bags-(laughter)-if you will only, do this, and do it in a really kind, conside- rate spirit, this society, then.certain of :tho result of tho night's proceedings, can ask no moro.-' I; beg to propose td you to drink " Prosperity to tho ; Dramatio, Equestrian, and Musical,.. Sidk Fund ' Association." (Cheers.) ' '. "* . " ' ' u Tho toast was drunk With three times three. .. ¡ The Chairman, in proposing the next toast, said-Gentlemen, as I addrossod:myself to tho ladies last, time,. so I address you this time, and I givo you tho delightful assurance that it is positively my laBt appearance 'biit ono on tho present oopasion. ' A certain Mr.. Pepys, who was secretary to tho Admiralty in tho days of Charles IL, who kept a diary, well in shorthand, whioh he supposed'no one could ' road; ' and which consequently remains to this 'day tho most honest diary known to print-Mr. Pepys had twp special and very'strong likings, the ladies and the thoatros. But Mr. Pepys, whenover'ho com- mitted any slight act of remissness, or any little peccadillo whioh was utterly and wholly unthoatrical, usod to comfort his conscionoo by recording a vow that he would abstain from tho theatres for a certain time, In the first part of. Mr, Pepy's phoraoter I have no doubt we fullyngreo with him;in the second I haye no doubt we .do not. I learn this ex- perience of Mn Pepys from remembrance of a passage in, his diary that I was reading the" ! other night, from which it appears that he was not only ourióus in plays but curious in ', sermons \ and that one1 night'when he hap- pened to bo walking'past,.St Dunstan's .Church, he turned, went in, and heard what ' ho cal|s.u a very edifying discourse ;", .during the delivery of which discourse ho notes in his diary, " I stöo'd by a pretty, yoting maid,; whom_J did attempt.to take by the hand.'.' (Laughton) J3ut he adds, "She would not; i and I did'I did 'perceive that she - had pins j in her pocket with 'which' to priok' meUf I should touch" her'<again -rI (laughter)-^and [. was glad I spied her design.".^ Afterwards, .abotit"'tho close of tho samo edifying^dis- course, Mr. Pepys - found '" himself near Another pretty, fair young maid, who would seem Upon the whole, to have had no pins, and to have-been more impressible.. - Now, tho moral of vthis story:whioh I wishlio sug- gest you is, that.we .liavo been this evening in St. James's muoh more ..timid .'than Mn Pepys .was in St. Dunstan's; and that we haye "conducted " ourselves .vëry muoh better. (Laughter.)' As a slight reoompoñsó to us for our highly meritorious conduct, and as a little relief to our charged heart, I beg to propose' that we dovöte this' bumper to in .voicing a blessing on tho ladies.' (Cheers.) It is the. privilege of'this socioty. annually to hear a lady speak for her own sex. (Cheers.) ."VVlio so pompetont to,do'this, as Mrs. Stirl- ing ?. (Renewed cheering.) Sürely ono who ihas so gracefully and, ^çaptivàtingly,..with , suohv an exquisito mixture of art and fancy, and fidelity, represented her own sex in in enumerable oharitieB under an infinite variety of phases, cannot fail to represen t them weil in.nor own oharactor, ,esppoiplly whoh it is amidst her many triumphs, tho most agree- able pf all.' ' (Cheers.)' I '. bog to propose to you "The Ladios,"_ and. I. will couple with that toastthe namepf Mre. Stirling. (Cheers.) I The toast* was drunk .enthusiastically.' Mrs. Stirling, who on rising to acknowledge the toast was most warmly received, Bpoke' as follows :-Mr. Chairman, ladies, and 'gontlemeni you' have thought fit'to couple my .name with .tho ladies; i Now, for that aot I retort, by oharging you-with-high trea son to St. Valentine and hislday. You aro tho,last man to deseryo pardon for tho ofipnoo, for you, havo shown, by your, witty and elo- quent allusions, that you.had tho, day arid its duties fully in your mind. It is treason, I say; to St Valentine and his day to=oouple anything with the ladies but tho gentlemen. And talking of St "Valentino-in those days of arohmology, ecolesiology, and all the other ologies-isn't it a great reproaoh to our loarned'men that they have not been able to discover why St Valentine should be seleotod as patron of ;tho : ? svveothearting and billot douxing whioh go on to-day through tho post ? I'll be bound tho ladies woulóVriot have'bebri so long in finding tho' roa'son. Indeed, I beliovo tho first lady ,whó, oybr tried .to find it did find.it, and, as Peg Wof flngton might say, " Sure; that's ''myself." rn tell it you. But, mind I givo you all notice, the'ropor'tbrs in particular-that tho discovory, . like' our ghosts arid our sorisation oflppts, is copyright and patent No-if it was patent,' anybody might '.have found it out, only they havn't Woll, ,this is my discovory. , I mado.it by tho. help pf tho old lives of tho saints,. oallod tho " Golden Logends." It told me, first, that Saint .Valentine was a Bairit and martyr, of tho .timo of Claudius. Now, thoro soemod'some- thing to, tho point pvpn in tjliat .Most young ladies aro disposed, to make.^ saints of thoir swoethoarts, and vibe versa; and if valen- tines lend to tho Temple of Hymen, as BO many of them do; not a few wives ore quito rehdy to moko martyrs of thoir husbands, and vioo versa. But that didn't satisfy mb." Reading further,'I found that St. Valentino's great miraolo was opening ia blind young girl's oyos, and thon I folt I had it. Love is "blind, tildy, say, I say, au icönträirb, young ladies are blind to tue merits of the gentlemen, till lovo opens thoir eyes for thom, and Cupid works quito as groat iniraolos in that way as ovor St Valentino did ; and that ! tnko it, ia tho roasou' why St Valentino is Cupid's father confessor and his day tho love letter day bf tho ouleu'dar. As this is tho first publio dinner at whioh tho ladies have bporfinvitod to sit clown with the gentlemen? what day can bo moro appropriate for it* celebration than St Valentino's? I hopo ivory gentleman prosont has como prepared^ not only with his subscription, but with his1 vnlëntlno,Tb"slipi into" tho" Hand of "tho fair lady_at Jiis side. ' If any of you have come "unprepared with tko "necessary documents,, instead. of a billet-doux' slip a billet de-, banque, into her band to be added to her* , subscription. , I defy, you to. And a fitter" way of paying your addresses ; for whatr. better love letters than £ s. d., whehthey go on an errand of moroy like subscriptions to this charity? , But tb-day, as we have- : boen reminded, is Ash-Wednesday as well ns St. Valentino's Day. We aotors and aotressos should bo the last persons to bo startled by the coincidence.1. How many bf our days, in the earlier stages of our career 1 at least, are like this consecrated at once tc love-making in play and in public, and to ?-. fasting in sorry earnest at home 1 Our sub jbot to day is not fasting, but charity. If thore be feeding, let it not be ours only, ' but that of tho hungry mouths your benevo- lence will help to fill.- There used to be Lenton oratorios. Let our Lenten oratorio bo tho chorusof grateful prayers thatjyour kind- : ness will call forth the songs of thankfulness*. from the sick and the Buffering-the widow? and the orphan-from those who, but for - you, might bo abandoned-those who, but. for your timely aid; might sink into thé sddi ranks ôf the' forlorn and tho despairing.^ And now; sir, in'the name of tho ladies;., what am I to say to you that is at once as pretty as tho faces about me and as grateful as my own heart? You have coupled my '' name with tho ladies ; but how aro tho- r ladies bound to couple your names with theirs, not here only, but all the world over, as the creator of so many pure and beautiful. pictures of womanhood-between whom, 'if not between you aud our sex, should be established tho title of " our mutual friend?" Gentlemen,' you have kindly' drtmlc our * healths.' - Let me, for self and sisters,'say to you, in tho words-of Rip Van Winkle, ','Here is , your good "healths, and your families'- and, may they live, long ,ancL, prosper!''-/,',, j ..,'., -.'.;. . i . : Loud' and long-oontinued cheering fol- '. lowed tho conclusion of this Indy's admi- 1 rabie speeoh> tho effect of-which,-it is-hardly necessary to say¿ .was immensely enhanced t by her charming elocution and aroh grace, ß j The oonoluding toast of- the evening was the health of the-chairman;"proposed in. Roquent terms by MrJ Sergeant'Ballantine,, and briefly acknowledged by Mr. Diokens7 