A VOICE FROM THE BUSH. Queensland, Australia. To my much esteemed and respected friends— Peter M'lntyre, Esq., John Barclay, Esq., John Elder, Esq., the Mitchells of that ilk, and of that other ilk, the Rev. Duncan M'Drone, the Rev. Simon Dryenough, and to all other old friends and acquaintances in Scotland. LETTER SECOND. To the Rev, Simon Dryenough. Rev. and Dear Sir, If my letter of 31st May reaches you before this one I have no doubt but you will consider I have given a very unsatisfactory reply to your enquiries about the "spiritual and temporal state of the colony." Now, my rev. friend, I think I hinted in my former letter as much as that your kindness, or shall I say your good opinion, has imposed a duty upon me which I feel to be a serious task and a burden ; for this reason above all others- indeed there are two good reasons— 1st, that I am but a "New Chum." 2nd, that I am a bnsh- man and not a minister, knowing all the outs and ins of the spiritual life of the colony. Therefore, such information as you would like to receive on the subject — ''a full, true, and particular account" — need not be expected from me, but only the rough-and- ready impres- sions of a new chum Caledonian, subjeot to be wrong in these, and sometimes entirely in error, owing to the too common tendency in new chums to compare the state of things in a country as yet scarce in its infancy, and to expect that it will bear comparison, with a country already grown old and preparing to decay. Further, if my former letter has, as I remarked about certain sermons, has " so little in it," that you will consider it no answer to your enquiry at all, and perhaps it will pro- voke the bile, and make you angry. I hasten to explain to you, my rev. friend, that I had to cut the letter short just when I was about to attempt answering your enquiry, the idea having struck me, like a cannon ball at the moment, that probably the patience of the editor of the Darling Downs Gazette was not equal to Job's. Judging from the number of churches to be seen in the towns —in Brisbane, in Ipswich, in Toowoomba, in Dalby — English Church, Scotch, Presbyterian, Wes- leyan, Roman Catholic — one would say that the various bodies belonging to the church had a fair share, and that the Christian religion had a good hold of the colony, judging from the number of rascals, blackguards, swindlers, bushrangers, to be heard of in the towns, in the bush, everywhere, from Brisbane to the Gulf, one would say that the select from the "devil's own regi- ment of the line," as Carlyle has it, had taken a parti- cular liking to that part of her Majesty's dominions called Queensland, and that they determined to make it peculiarly their own. The pre-eminently select class of immigrants which Mr. Jordan, in his haste to make up the proper complement for a Black Ball Liner, tends out to make this colony great, will, I am sorry to say, help considerably to fill the ranks of "the devil's own regiment of the line." "Old lags," that is a colonialism, meaning people who were banished from the old country from ten to fifty years ago — are perfectly shocked at the appearance and conduct of some of the "new chums" that have been poured into the country of late. And the "old hands," another colonialism, meaning men who have been a long time in the colony, but not necessarily banished, in a patronising tone, but with undoubted emphasis, assert that an "old lag" 'is a gentleman who would share with a fellow the last penny he had, although, perhaps, he could not help stealing from you if he got the chance ; but a new chum, at least some of these 'ere new chums be d --------- to them." I remember with what frequency you ministers at home used to cause a printed paper to be laid on the seats for tbe purpose of drawing the attention of your congregation to the fact that this day was to be specially set apart for softening the hearts, and relaxing the purse strings, in order that additional missionaries might be sent to far distant lands to preach the word of God, and convert the poor heathen there ; and I remem- ber well that the earnest appeals yon made on behalf of the "poor heathen" usually told well on the plate. If there was a penny in one's pocket, out it must leap. Now, the great majority of the working classes of this country are employed on the several lines of railway now in course of making: There are camps around in which perhaps one thousand souls lie down at night, and rise up in the morning. I sometimes ask myself the question, and wonder how does it come to pass, that the ministers who have come out here from the old mis- sionary producing country do not gird up their loins and make an attempt at driving "the heathen" out of the poor English and Scotch navvies. Since they do not make any effort that I hear of, to teach the poor blackfellow that there is a superior being to "de debil," I think it is poor missionary work, and poorer patriotism, that leaves the poor English and Scotch navvies to them- selves. The Irish navvies are better off in this respect, the Roman Catholic clergy evidently paying considerable attention to their scattered flock. All honour and praise to them for that. One of tbe ministers of Toowoomba was entertained at a congregational soiree last week, and presented with a purse containing fifty guineas; I have no doubt you will say— "This is better; this is a step in the right direction, and reflects as creditably on the intelligence and spirit of the congregation as it testifies to the worth of the minister.'' One does not see reli- gion worn every day on the streets here so much as at home — not in tbe people's faces, nor in the people's gar- ments. I have not seen one simple or compound repre- sentative of that extremely religious class of bodies made up of deacons, elders, and baillies, and bellmen, and well known to the unregenerate in Scotland as wearers of a uniform, universal, all the year round black cloth dress, a white neck-tie, and a stiff starched upstanding collar. If any of this class should ever venture across the line, be you very sure that they will carry their peculiar characteristics along with them. If they do, I pity them. Most unfortunate new chums ! How the tympanum of your refined over-sensitive ears will be rent should yon be in the way of a bullock -driver coming up the Range, and you hear yourselves for the first tine called new chums, prefaced with the the usual emphatic colonial adjective. There are no witches here that I hear of ; no fortune-tellers nor farias, nor ghosts, except what are imported in the heads of Irishmen from the wilds of Connaught and Tipperary ; in the heads of Englishmen from Yorkshire and Lanashire; Scotchmen from Fife; and Highlandmen from Lochaber. There are no "swells" here; none at all like the "swell" de- picted in Punch some years ago, who went to Lincolnshire to pay a visit to his country cousin, and who, on being invited by his cousin Laura to sit down, begged to be excused as he had not got his sitting trousers on. Reverand Dear Sir, I must come to a conclusion. This is a country, as perhaps you will know, without a history. Therefore, as a natural consequence, it is a country without patriots or patriotism. Its first great man has not made his appearance. It is a country with- out a monument. When the country's first great man has made his appearance, has lived, made himself memo- rable, and died, then will be set up the country's first monument, the first stone in the Queensland "vahalla" and temple for the brave. Perhaps, indeed, an alto- gether too partial Caledonian might fancy that he sits now in the premier's chair, holding the reins of Govern- ment. But, as yet, there is not a graveyard where one can pick up a quaint old epitaph, even like unto that which is engraven on the tombstone of one of the Pro- vosts of Dundee — " Here lies Provost Anderson, of Dundee ! Here lies him ! Here lies he !! Hallelujah ! Hallelugee ! ! A, B, C, D, E, F, G ! ! ! With every kind feeling, witb every good wish, for yourself and your snug little Celtic flock, I remain, Reverend and Dear Sir, Your old crony, MAC. FLOOD IN THE BREMER.— At might be expected the late heavy rain caused a considerable fresh in the Bre- mer and Brisbane Rivers. The former commenced rising showly on Wednesday, and by 9 o'clock in the evening it was level with the A. S. N. Co.'s wharf. As a futher rise was expected, the goods were removed from the wharf to higher and safer quarters. Goods were also removed from some of tbe stores on the river side of Bremer- street, as a flood was anticipated by many. The river did not, however, rise any higher than stated, and on Thursday it was only a few feet above its usual level. We hear that the Brisbane did not rise as high as was expected, but that it is covered with loose tim- ber.— Q. Times. THE RACEHORSE KAFFIR: - We hear that there is likely to be some unpleasant business respecting the ownership of the race horse Kaffir. He is is claimed by both Mr. Jubb and Mr, Braysher, and the latter, as we are informed, holds a receipt of the purchase of the horse from Jubb, who says the receipt was only given as a cloak to blind the stewards of the Brisbane races, as he was afraid of being disqualified, and thereby loosing his entrance. Braysher, however, made an affidavit that he was the owner of the horse, and the consequence is that a warrant has been issued for his apprehension for perjury.- Q. Times. BRISBANE SCHOOL OF ARTS. — The Guardian thus describes the hall of the new School of Arts formally opened on Friday by His Excellency the Governor :— "The large hall is a continuation of the building, con- sisting of library, reading-room, &c;, in Creek-street ; it is eighty feet by forty feet in the clear, and twenty-six feet in height. The platform is so arranged that it can be used for an orchestra for concerts, or a platform for lectures ; in the latter case, the unoccupied space on the platform will be devoted to the audience. An alcove is provided at the end to receive an organ, and ample pro- vision is made beneath the platform for retiring rooms for ladies and gentlemen assisting at any entertainment. Care has been taken to supply full means of egress in case of alarm, or fire, so disastrous to large assemblies ; thus, three doors are placed in each side of the hall, all opening outwards, as well as the entrance from Creek- street ; of course these doors will not be all used except in case of alarm, when they could be opened by anyone, and allow the hall to be cleared in a few minutes, with- out danger or crowding. Lighting and ventilation are provided for by windows at the sides and sunlights on the ceiling. When the hall is required for a ball, the seats will be placed away in a room provided in the base- ment for that purpose. The glazing to windows is very nicely done — stained and ground glass being combined, the latter in form of louvers to admit of ventilation by a new and novel contrivance very ably carried out by Mr. Field. The style of architecture is Italian, and the interior finish of the walls is extremely good and effec- tive— the pilasters, archivolts, cove of ceiling, and ornamental work generally, being executed to contrast with the colour of the other parts of walls and ceilings. The acoustic properties of the hall are very good. Shops and offices, all one storey high, on the Queen-street front, are arranged strictly in accordance with the origi- nal directions of the committee, including an entrance from Queen-street into the hall. This entrance has been designed so as to form an important feature in the facade, and to declare for itself its connection with a public building. The foundations are stone, the walls of brick, most substantially executed anil the buildings arc thoroughly drained. The glass for shop fronts is best British plate. All the works have been executed under the immediate superintendance of Mr. Backhouse, the architect, by Mr. Smith, the builder. The plaster- ing, which is admirably executed, was done by Mr. Boyd ; the modelling and other important parts by Mr. M'Whinney, and the style of execution in this depart- ment, together with that of all other trades, is of a very superior character " CLARKE, THE GREAT VICTORIAN SQUATTER. — An action was brought in the New Court on Wednesday, before Mr. Justice Williams, in which the Hon . W.J. T. Clarke sued a squatter named Phillips for not borrowing from him the sum of twenty thousand pounds. It ap- peared from the evidence that the plaintiff had taken some trouble and gone to some expense in investigating the security offered, and that he had not been since able to find a safe investment for his money. In cross-ex- amination Mr. Clarke said that owing to the falling in of another mortgage for £15, 000, his present condition was even worse, as he had now £35,000 uninvested. It is only proper to say that the sad case excites universal commisseration, and our readers will be glad to learn that from the contents of the subjoined memorandums, picked up by our reporters in the Court, active steps are being taken to relieve Mr. Clarke's necessities. Sub- scription list : — The undersigned sincerely regretting to learn that Mr. W. J. T. Clarke is suffering from pecu- niary embarrassments (in not being able to find bor- rowers of his money), have agreed to relieve him to the extent set opposite to their respective names :— R. D. Ireland, £5000 ; J. D. Wood, £5000 ; T. H. Fellows, £5000 ; B. C. Aspinall, £7500. The jury found for the defendant. — Melbourne Herald. THE PREVALENT EPIDEMIC. — Notwithstanding the favourable presumptions which we might naturally be in- clined to entertain on account of the present fine, sun- shiny weather, it is, we regret to state, an undeniable fact that sickness is now very prevalent in Sydney, and— to judge from all accounts — not only in Sydney, but in the country generally. It was about this time in 1863 that an epidemic manifested itself, similar in character and in extent to that from which so many are now suf- fering. At this period of the year such attacks are not uncommon, and they are perhaps attributable, in many instances, to the sudden atmospheric changes incidental to this time — cold mornings often ushering in an in- tense noonday heat, and that heat, in its turn, followed by chilly and even frosty nights. It is also a cir- cumstance which has very often been remarked upon by old colonists that the winds from the westward (such as have been disagreeably common of late) are invariably the precursors of illness, although why it should be so, it is, of course, impossible to say. Probably, amongst the arcana of nature there may also be reasons why long drought should be found to react un- favourably with the secret springs of human life, affected as we all are by the air we breathe, and the water we drink, and the food by which our bodies are nourished and sustained. The principal forms of the prevalent sickness are influenza and colonial fever— the diagnostics of the former being chiefly the way in which the head becomes affected, and the latter exhibit- ing its baleful powers chiefly in the gastric region. The influensa appears to deal with all persons, rudely and impartially, and to be irresistible whilst it lasts ; but it is seldom dangerous, except to young and delicate chil- dren, to the aged, and to the desolute and depraved. The colonial fever ia a much more serious matter ; its insidious influence is to be dreaded, and its angry mani- festations promptly opposed and guarded against. It is stated that in Ashfield, Canterbury, and other localities to the south-west of Sydney, the colonial fever has not been inactive of late, but it does not appear there to have usually come to a fatal termination, except in the case of children. In Sydney the influenza, or some such sickness, has, during the week, kept many from their daily avocations, although the general death rate of tbe city does not aeem to have had any perceptible in- crease. The Chief Justice has been too ill to attend in Court, tbe lawyer too unwell to go to his office, the mer- chant has been obliged to stay away from his counting- house, and the tradesman wholly unable to attend to his shop. In the Government departments, in the banks, and in tbe offices of the public companies, the clerks have been kept away by dozens. Amongst the employees of the A. S. Company alone, it is stated that about seventy persons have been laid up, and at the iron- foundry of the Messrs. Russell and Company thirty or forty persons are also said to be more or less affected. Even in much smaller establishments the rate of sick- ness has been very high, although the indisposition manifested is, on the whole, happily of an evanescent character. In the establishement of Mr. Bothwell, on Brickfield-hill, only three out of the ten men there em- ployed can go about their ordinary work. The symp- toms of the influenza are different in different indi- fiduals, but in all the attack comes on suddenly, and cannot be put aside till it has taken its course. - S.M. Herald. A ROMAN CATHOLIC CONVERT. - The Rev. C.C. Cat- cliffe, B.A., a clergyman of the Church of England, who until very recently has been itinerating the district and holding service, in conformity with the doctrines and ordinance of that Church, by the direction of the Bishop of Goulburn— has become a convert to the Roman Cath- olic faith, and is about to be publicly admitted into that Church. — Yass Courier. ADVENTURES OF A £10 NOTE.— One day last week a £10 note was paid to Mr. Wolstenholme, jun., by mis- take for a £1 note. He did not notice the mistake, and the same evening he passed it as a £1 note; and tbe party to whom it was paid subsequenly passed it again for the same amount. The person who originally made the mistake represented the matter to Mr. Wolstenholme, and he advertised it in our issue of Tuesday last. On the same day Mrs. Taylor, of Durham-street, who had received it for a third time without noticing the error, discovered the mistake, and at once returned the note to Mr. Wolstenholme, by whom it was returned to the lawful owner.—Maitland Mercury. SNAKE CATCHING EXTRAORDINARY.— As the Rev. Mr. Soares, of Queanbeyan, was travelling through the bush, a short time back, he got benighted, and had to stop at a hut, where he was accommodated with a shakedown on the floor. In the room in which he slept was a small opossum chained to the table. During the night he was aroused by a noise like a loud flapping on the ground, and, on procuring a light, it was discovered that a large snake had made its entrance into the premises and had swallowed the opossum, but was unable to get away, the chain to which the latter had been fastened securing his snakeship equally well to the table. The reptile was speedily despatched. — Goulburn Argus. FATAL CAB ACCIDENT. — A horse and cab have been found in the Yarra, at Cremorne. The body of a cab- man was afterwards found ; and some luggage in the cab leads to the belief that several passengers have been drowned. It is supposed the cabman drove down Cremorne-street into the river, in mistake for the street leading to the bridge, as he was somewhat intoxicated. KANGAROO SHOOTING, remarks the Geelong Advertiser, has become a profitable game during the last month. Messrs. Niffnecker Brothers have had two men constantly engaged skinning and during kangaroos on Mr. N. Black's station. A smoke-house has been erected, and smoked kangaroo hams have already been bespoken at a remunerative figure to the extent of one ton and a half weight. They also intend to make sausages, in the same style as followed in Germany, viz., well smoked and duly seasoned. They also find a ready sale for the skins. Messrs. Niffnecker spent the greater portion of the last winter in the same pursuit; and as this is a new branch of native industry, it is to be hoped that it will be duly encouraged. 