WEST MAITLAND. From the Maitland Mercurti. iiiBEKATioN op Robert Lish.— It will be re' inembered that, in September last, Robert Lish, an engine-driver on the Morpeth : railway, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonmeut for violently assaulting his wife. A petition to tho Executive on his behalf was got up, and forward ed to that body. The reiislt has been the re lease Of the prisoner, upon 'his entering into boridB' to be of good behaviour. Lish was liber ated from Maitland goal yesterday (Friday - ) THE BRIDGE WORKS, WEST MAITLAND. — Steady progress is being- made by Mr. Bell in: the con struction of the West Maitland bridge. Prei parations are being made to fill the cylinders of the first pier with concrete, and the pillars of the second, and largest pier are in a forward state ; vupu are #ei-.tui -tneir, places ana are ready tor sinking: The setting of these pillars was heavy work; but it has been successfully accomplished. For some months yet thero TviU be but little to show for the time and labour' expended on the contract, -t-the greater portion of the work being submerged. Illegai-IiY Usiif o a Horse. — At tho East Maitland.pplice court, last Friday, George King w.ag brought before the; bench, charged/with illc gallyusingahorso. Fromjthe evidenceit appear ed that » boy had been holding Dr. Wilton's horse in front ofi the house of a patient, when the prisoner came up to him and took the roins from him ; the boy seized the reins, savins: the horse was Dr. Wilton's, and thereupon the pri soner Blapped tho boy's face, knocking him down with the: blow ; prisoner then mounted and rode down the street ; ho was apprehended loading ,the horse in rMelbourno-street. Prisoner seemed not ixf be thoroughly sane. Ho was convicted, and sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. The Second Coming of oub Lobd and Sa vio'ua1 Jsaus Christ : Its Near Approach and the Preparation needed for His Church to Meet Hih.' — Two addresses on the above subject .were delivered iri tho hall of the School of Arts, West Maitland, on Tuesday and Wed nesday evening,s. by Mr. Whiteatone, .B.A., re cently from England. , The chair was occupied by John Wyhdham, Esq.. On both evenings the hall was completely ?filled, and; numbers who were unable to obtain admittanco at the' doors were accommodated with a soat on the platform. The lecturer, said he camo to announce what would probably ;bo new and'strange to his audi ence.) .that.for thirty-five years past a work had been, commenced by God' in His Ghiirch' — a 'movement which had resulted in the restoration; in, a great measure, of the primitive gifts of tW Church: In particular, persons had been Set-apart by the inspiration of :the Holy Spirit as' apostles, and were empowered to exercise all the aposticlf unctions. They .were enabled by laying ion .of liands tp-imparfc the gift of;the Holy Spirit, and thus to;infuBe new zoal into' the Church of Christ, ? which was His' mystical body. From1 tlib' fact of 'tho revival of the apostloship in tlio Church, the lecteer deduced the argument that wo wero approaching the close- of this dispensa tion ; that this revival; of the gifts which had been vouchsafed, to the .early church was a sign of the Son of Man, which it had been predicted would precede His second advent. : The lecturer stated that' the result of: this revival was in dis putable - .that numbers of persona who had been 'inoredulous.at* first' when these things were spo ken of 'had therefore enquired into their truth, and that. the manifestations of God's Spirit 'had been so unmistivk cable, that these persons* no louger doubted that God had been pleased to commence a work whioh was daily spreading and employing more labourers. At the close of each address ,the Chairman announced that Mr. Whitestorie would bo glad to give an interview to any gentleman who wished to ask questions relative to the doctrines' lie had preached. A number oi gentlemen availed themselves of this opportunity, and, in answer to one question, ?Mr. Whitestone said that though Ae waa not an apostle there was one in Maitland, and any per sOn desiring to ieceivi the Holy. Ghost by the iiiyiiig-oii oi imnuH uiigiiL oecome uiu recipient of it:' TKe addresses, which occupied about two hours each evening, wore listened to with mark ed attention. [Mr. Whitestono is, we under stand, an' evangelist in connection . with the sect colled Irvingites,] Volunteer Rifle Matches. — On Satur day, upwards of - a ' dozen volunteers of the East and West Maitland 'Volunteer Rifles, ? shot for a number of prizes, at' the East Maitland rifle butts. The terms of the match were five shots at the respective ranges of 200; 300, 500 yards. Tlio winner* were : 1st prize (Enfield rifle), Colour-sergeant Tegg (W. M.), with thirty-five points ; 2nd prize (sucking pig), private Storm, (E. M.), with twenty-eight points j 3rd prizo (goose), private. Campbell (E. M.), twenty-seven points; 4th prize (100 rounds ammunition), private Morris, (E. M.)/ twenty five points ? .AirAllilATlUH. ? d( CI1U VTCttD IUikXfrl»IXU JJUllUU court, yeaterday, Honty Tuck appeared before the bench, .charged by Catherine Johnson with unlawfully desorting his illegitimate male child, though being well able to contribute) towards its maintenance and' support, Mr. Thompson ap peared for the complainant, and Mr. Chambers for the defendant. Mr. Thompson, in opening the case, reviewed the circumstances of it, and then proceeded with the evidence which. he said ho would bring forward. Catherine Johnson was then called, and tlie substance of her evi dence was that oh the 22nd. of Ootober she was delivered of .the child sho carried in her arms. She swore positively that the defendant was the father of it; and that no other person but him had ever had illicit connections with her. . The defendant was put in tho box and examined by Mr. Thompson. He positively swore that he never had illicit connection with complainant ; that on- one occasion lie had. offered her money to gain it, which she refused. Ho swbro that he never had been seen in an improper position With 'her by a girl named Mary Anne Dean. Both parties were examined at groat, length on matters touching, tho. case, and at the close of the evidence the solicitors on both sides address ed tho bench ; and, after consideration, tho bench decided that there was not, in their opini on, sufficient corrbborativo evidohce, as required by Law, to justify them to adjudge the defend ant to bo the father of tho child. Tlio- caso was dismissed. 