JUT FIRST NIGHT IN MELBOURNE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,- I have just glanced at the old-gold . ned double-cased silver hunting watch, which my poor mother gave me as parting, gift OTO I sailed from England; and I find that the " noon of night is close at hand. Of course, as an honest man and I hope I'm that, although I have come to Australia-I ought to be in that state which Byron describes as "Senseless to fool, and with sealed eyes to see." But I have really no inclination to sleep. The excitement of landing in a strange country-the contrast between the stirring life of Melbourne and the monotonous existence on shipboard, and the impressions produced upon me by the events of the evening have combined to sadly disturb my gangrene system, and "tired nature's sweet restorer" is determined to pass me by as an unworthy object for a visit. I have the cacoethes scribendi rather strong upon me; for, to tell the truth, it was simply because Messrs. Skripten and Cookem, of Mincing lane, London, couldn't appreciate the magnificent "Ode to Sublimity" that I wrote on one of the ledger folios when a clerk in their dingy office, that I resolved to seek "The blaze Of sunset halos o'er the laurel browed " in the empress city of the Southern World. Now, as I am quite convinced that the Melbourne public is quite a logical public-and the Melbourneites must be even something more than logically endowed if they understand the Ministerial system of ratiocination -it will clearly perceive that with itching fingers and sleepless eyes a lucubration must be the inevitable result. Well, then, in my own racy and graphic style (so well known to the readers of the Camberwell Repertory of Patent) I shall dash off a description of this my first night in the golden city. By the same hunting watch to which I have above referred, it was precisely four o'clock when I stepped into the waterman's boat which was to convey me from the ship in which I arrived to Sandridge. The water- man was a loquacious old fellow, with a wooden leg, and he appeared determined to earn his fare quite as much by the exercise of his tongue as by his muscular exertion, "That there place," said, he, nodding towards a sort of half-moon battery, close by a lighthouse, which seemed stuck in the wrong place, and wanted transplanting, " is our hat tery and there's t'other battery t'other side and won't we pepper the Russians if they dare invade our peaceful land. Now, I am free to confess that my genius is not of the martial kind, and my enthusiasm won't fire up at the thought of " The death-shot hissing trout fry The shock, the shout, the groan of war ;" and therefore I may be quite wrong in my opinion ; but it certainly did strike me, that the Russians would make very short work of the two batteries, which were regarded by my wooden-legged companies with much evident admiration as impregnable fortifications. " Then there's the hulks," continued wooden leg, pointing this time with his hand, as he gave the skull a jerk out of the water, to three or four gloomy- looking hulls, whose appearance quite ignored the German pro- verb that point costs nothing." " There's lots of bad 'una out here, I can tell you, and then there's the places where they came down the worst of them," added my informant, with the genuine warmth of virtuous indignation. The train had just started from Sandridge as I landed on the railway pier and so, not having patience to wait, I called it up to Melbourne, I was the sole passenger in the car (who would call it a cab in London ?), and, as cabby was quite taciturn, I had to inform myself by my eyes in place of my ears. On arriving at Melbourne I asked cabby what I had to pay. " Always leaves it to a gentleman hisself," responded Jehu and so, somewhat flattered by the fellow's discern- ment, which he had taken care to emphasise, I handed him two shillings. I knew at once by the grin that he gave that I had overpaid him but I am sure he was a worthy fellow, possessed of a nice sense of discrimination and he is welcome to the extra trifle, As my attire was quite of a nautical character, and by no means suited to the season, I had to do a little business in the Blog line. I went into a respectable shop in Swanston street, and made a few necessary purchases. The shopkeeper was remarkably civil, and jocosely informed me, in reply to some remark of mine as to the dearness of clothing, that I was " protected " from head to foot. He was a sensible man, and favoured me with a long dissertation upon the advantages of free trade; but though I could not follow him through all his abstractions, there was one argument with which he furnished me against protection which had its cogency-his bill. At present I am utterly ignorant of political economy, and I am unable to understand how it can be in the nature of any economy to make things dear when they might be cheap ; but I am told that if I read some lecture that one of the Ministers once gave, and also some of the speeches which the same gentleman afterwards delivered, I shall comprehend the matter perfectly. Turn whichever way I would, this ghost of protection haunted me. I entered a shop to purchase a portmanteau, and on being shown some, I noticed that they were made of such nicely graduated sizes that one large one contained eight smaller ones, each fitting into another. It was explained to me that this plan had been resorted to in order to lesson the duty, which was charged at so much per cubic foot. And only half-an-hour ago the servant-girl of this hotel knocked at my door, and said, " Please, sir, when you go to bed, blow the candle out candles are so dear at protection prices." In the course of the evening I found myself in front of a place called St. George's-hall, and as I stopped to look at it, I happened to hear that some gentleman well known to the public was about to deliver a lecture upon the management of the Melbourne pt leon. I paid a shilling, and took my seat in the hall. There were nine sober person! besides myself, and one drunken fellow pre' Bent. The drunken chap was amusing in his remarks, and declared, with a sort of pride at Lis reminiscence.:;, that he could tell all about Wintle's, he could, hotter than Jobson who had only done a drag." I did not at the time understand the significance of this declaration, but the lecturer (a Mr. Jobson; somewhat enlightened me. I was not edified by the lecture, although it was enlivened by the colloquial interludes between drunken auditor and indignant lecturer. The only information I brought away from the lecture may be told in a few words that "AVIntlo's Hotel" is the cant term for the gaol, and that the gaol itself has a deficiency of drainage and a redundancy of vermin, I left the hull somewhat disappointed and with the notion-very likely an incorrect one-that lectures don't take in Victoria. From St. George's-hall, I passed to the wax- work exhibition, and the sad spectacle of poor Burke and Wills is haunting me yet. In the chamber of horrors, 1 overheard a conversation between two men who were looking at some figures in convict attire, the originals of which had been executed for murdering the Chief Superintendent of the Convict department. The fellows had not a very inviting appearance, and it struck me that if they would only don the prison garb and grasp the murderous pickaxe, they would become the situation much better than the wax figures. The conversation was a conversation of hulk reminiscences; and they appeared to have known well the murderers of the officer, and were quite decided in pronouncing the waxwork figures to be wholly unlike the men who did it." The next Melbourne novelty that rather served me with a copy of astonishment," was the skating rink. Passing along the street, there was all at once a day over my head as if a hundred navvies were having a wheelbarrow race over a course of corrugated iron and as on the opposite side of the way a crowd of people were looking up with admiration mute, I crossed over to " see what I could see." Well, to me, It was really laughable. There they were-the skaters of the Southern clime cutting figures of eight, and going through all the endless gyration", the dexterous performance of which is the pride of the accomplished skater. Bat a deal floor and wheeled skates, the brilliant gaslight, and the heated atmosphere, clashed altogether with my association of ideas and when I thought of the dear old Serpentine, with its frosty sunshine and its bracing air, the glowing cheeks of the skaters, and the merry daughter of the lookers on at the mishaps of the novices, I felt something akin to contempt for the amateur performers on the deal rink, although the thing seems to take, and very likely has its advantages, as a diversion of a harmless character. The remarks of the lookers-on were of the most amusing description and one of the number, who evidently put himself up for a wit, created a laugh by saying that the figures cut by the skaters were like those presented to the public by the Treasurer-all a sham. Towards ten o'clock I met with an adventure which opened up to me a phase of existence which I scarcely expected to find in Melbourne. I was looking into a pie shop, and at the same time feeling in my pocket for a sixpence, when a little barefooted girl, about ten years of age, came up to me, and said imploringly, "Do, sir, buy me one I am so hungry." I was somewhat startled by such an appeal, but the famished appearance of the child sufficed to convince me that her request was the genuine heart-utterance of starvation. I asked her a few questions, the replies to which awakened all my sympathy. I entered the shop, had my handkerchief (it was a new white silk one, delicately perfumed) filled with hot pies, and off I went with the little girls her home. And what a home it was ! A single apartment without table or chair, or any other furniture except a mattress, and something that looked like a horse rug; without even a candle to light it, and destitute of everything in the shape of eatables. In this "home" lived, or rather lingered, husband, wife, and three children, none of whom had tasted food during the day. Strange to Buy, here again the phantom of protection gi only appeared before me. The husband had been a warehouseman, and in consequence of the introduction of some new tariff, against which the poor fellow declaimed with much bitterness, the firm for which he worked had reduced their hands, and he was one of the number whose services were dispensed with. He had not been able to secure fresh employment, as trade, he said, was altogether stagnant, owing in a great measure to the new fiscal policy of the colony. Everything had been sold and that night he and his family were brought face to face with starvation. I may perhaps be a credulous fool, but I believed the man's story, and I am glad that I could leave my mite to make the poor family happy for a day I find it difficult to believe that any man possessed of brains and sinews can be in such a land of promise as this, It Condemned on notary's barron path to roam, Scorned by the world, and left without a home ;" and yet more than once during the evening I saw houseless MendioUy making its appeals for charity. I cannot understand it; nor did the gentleman who attempted at the bar of this hotel to enlighten me, and who told me that poverty was merely the correlative of wealth (he has himself a sinecure of £300 per annum), and who pointed a protection utopia in the remote future, and quoted Mr. Mill's speech to show me what this generation owes to the generation to come, convert me to his views, or reconcile me to the destitution of the present as a blessing in disguise. I speak, of course, with the ignorance of a new arrival; but during the few hours I have been in Melbourne, I have seen in the gas lighted streets Such a display of wealth, such evidences of Titan energies, so many commercial police-", so much that tells of a progress unparalleled in the world's history, that, although an Una Radical in the old country, my con- servatism feels strongly disposed to assert itself in this; and in view of what the past has accomplished, I cannot pin my faith to the new doctrines which I am assured by some are to work such wonders for the future. I hope, indeed, that my doubts are but the shadows of my ignorance and that after I have studied Barnard, as I intend to do at once I shall be better able to understand and appreciate the tendency of recent Victorian legislation There I can't write any more, for the candle has burned to the socket, and the hotel people are all shed and were they not, with the housemaid's " protection prices" ringing in my ears, I should scarcely have the temerity to ask for another compo. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A NEW CHUM. 