*. LAW. POLICE COURT. I MOMUT, JANUARY 15TH, 1866. BEFORE His Worship the Mayor and Aldermen Lewis and Robertson. < , DRUNKARDS -Three drunkards were fined 2 or in default 24 hours' solitary confinement. DISTURBERS -Two female disturbers were fined 5s. each or defaultorderedtoprisonforthree days each. One man, for the same offence was fined 10s., or in default 7 days. STBABIKO PLAVTB.-William Phillips, charged with robbing a garden in Macquarie- street, L remanded till the 16th instant. The Court then rose. ' - ' , LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. On Sunday sermons were preached by the Rev. J. P. Sunderland, formerly of Samoa South hens, and collections made in behalf of the London Missionary Society, at St.John's Presbyterian Church, Macquarie-street in the morning at the Mission Chapel, Kangaroo Point, in the afternoon and at Union Chapel, Bathurst-street,, in the evening. Last evening a public missionary meeting took place at Davey-street Congregational Church at half-past seven o'clock. The chair was taken by the Rev. G. Clarke. After singing and prayer, the Chairman introduced the business by some preliminary remarks. The Rev. Nisntrr introduced the Rev. J., P. Sunderland, as the agent for the Society in the colonies, and expressed his belief that the rev. gentleman would be cheerfully welcomed by the meeting. He moved a resolution suitable to the occasion. ,,....* The resolution was seconded by the Rev. R, ROGERS, and agreed to. The Rev. J. P. SUNDERLAND on rising was warmly received. He expressed his acknowledg- ments for the hearty welcome they had given to him, and said the memories of the pastéime over his mind most powerfully at that time. The kindness, sympathy, and love shown bin in former times, and co his wife, he should never forget. Twenty-one years ago he called here with other missionaries in the John Williams, many of those who then came here, had passed away ; but when they came they received kind expressions of welcome which had subsequently much encouraged them in their work in the South. Sea Islands. The rev. gentleman adverted to his mission labors in the Island, and said it was the greatest trial of his life to be detached from the mission field, in consequence of the illness of his wife. He explained how he had come to be located as pastor at Richmond, in Victoria, and then the circumstances attending his appointment as agent to the London Missionary Society, which involved his separation from his Church, and his dedication to the work connected with the office, which he now filled, and in which no worldly considerations had influenced him. Having made these remarks he addressed himself to the operations of the London Missionary Society which sent forth its missionaries to various parts of the world. The expenditure was £99,000 last year, the society employed 179 missionaries and 800 native teachers and catechists. The society' had a strong claim to the sympathies and liberality of the people of Tasmania. He knew that Tasmania had done much from year to year, but he thought they should do more and exercise larger sympathy and more liberality in promotion of the cause. They should not be satisfied until they had sent the Gospel to the remotest end of the world, for the faithful proclamation of the Gospel was the only means for the conversion of the world. He asked was there such a thing as self-denial, if there were, where was it r Persecution had died away, and Christianity was respectable, and some thought religion was to be Reade as cheap as profitable, and that they should give as little as possible to save their character. But he said this should be reserved, and they should do as much as they could and give as much as they could under the influence of love to the SaViour. The London Missionary Society had a claim to more general sympathy, prayer and liberality. He urged that an increase of the missionary spirit would increase the prosperity of the churches and he said he wanted the churches to combine together to do more for the London Missionary Society. He suggested separate missionary prayer' meetings, systematic contributions by Sunday Schools and Churches and collecting by the young ladies of the different congregations. Before he resumed his seat, Mr. Sunderland said there was much cause for thankfulness at what had been done, and he intimated that on Wednesday evening he should lecture on the Mission Work with illustrations, and as he would have the field to himself, he should enter more fully into details. Several ministers afterwards addressed the meeting, and a collection was made towards the funds of the society. ) MR. RUSSELL'S ENTERTAINMENT Mr. Russell's entertainment announced as an opera di camera, came off at Del Sarte's Rooms last evening in due course, and was attended by Mrs. Gore Browne, and a very numerous and fashionable audience. The piece represented bore the title of "Zillulior thcGipseyUrigandsof Aatorga," and as a whole it was extremely well done. The stage was tastefully fitted up and the scenery was really effective. The orchestra under Mr, - Rus sell did ample justice to the trustees the opera, and thopcrformcrsoncaudall, the heroine especially, performed their parts very satisfactorily, all the difficulties of an operatic debut being considered. No small uiiiountotincoiivuuiencc was experienced by a large portion of the audience in consequence of very many occupying front ' seats, him who should have known better insisting upon standing. An ample view of the performance was obtainable from the forms, and we trust that in any future representation, common courtesy will suggest to those parties the propriety of ' remaining seated, and so affording to others a share of the auva,n(||e which they are so anxious to secure therqaelvei, PTBOLIOJIITE COMPANY-A perceive by air vertisement that this Company invites tenders for the erection of buildings on their new works. Tenders are to be lost is to the Secretary by VI o'clock on Friday. NEW TOWN RACES A meeting of the committee was to have been held at the Club Hotel last evening, but two members only being present 'at twenty minutes to 9 o'clock, we presume no business was done. The UNION QUARTZ CRUSHING COMPANY This company, we understand, begin to crush on Wednesday next, and let us hope with success. It is not by experimentalising on a small scale that we can hope for any definite results, and we are glad, therefore, to see that another course is now being adopted, L jrrriiBspostody cat ;rday insufficiently stamped: -Capt. G. A. Phillips, Port Office, Nelson ; Messrs, Overell and McMillan, Liverpool-street. -THE City Council did not meet yesterday, having adjourned on the previous Monday for a I fortnight. ACCIDENT TO MR. WALTER SHERWIN-On. Walter Sherwin, whilst travelling t to Streatham, on Sunday, with Madame Carandini and her daughter, shot at some turkeys, when the gun burst and mutilated his hand. His hand and forearm were amputated at the Ararat Hospital on Monday morning. Bell's Life. , ATTACK UPON A MAN BY AN ELEPHANT On Monday, as Edmonds's (lute Wombwells.) mens, girl was entering Maidstone for the fair; which commenced yesterday, a serious accident suspend ed. Anne elephant with some camels, was drawing the first caravan, when the procession halted for the purpose of ascertaining the correct route. A boy in the crowd offered the elephant | an apple, when one of the men in attendance interfered. The animal, which had for some time shown symptoms of anger towards this man, became irritated, and seized him with his trunk around the waist, dashed him on the ground, and endeavoured to gore him with his tusks. The man however nuQ ceeded in crawling away, when the animal again seized him with his trunk and dashed him against the wall. The poor fellow was at last rescued by the crowd, and was found to be severely injured. Several of his ribs were broken, an arm and alec were fractured, and he was bruised in several places. A shutter was obtained, and he was conveyed to the West Kent General Hospital, where he now lies in a very precarious condition. The man is an itinerant exhibitor of a ghost, named Charles Nixon, of Derby. He is about 40 years of age, and is an occasional helper of those employed with the menagerie. The keeper, wheats riding on the back of the elephant, did all in- his power to divert the attention of the 'enraged animal, which in general is as quiet and docile u a child. The injured man, it is said, once ' tested the animal in the show in a manner which it never forgot. Tunga. ' A STHANOK TARTE. There is a woman in Charleston, N.H., who has a large collection of tame toads in her yard. They know their mistress, follow her about, and hop in her lap to be fed and at the word of command range themselves in a perfect circle round her feet. New York Sun. 