COOMENCEMENT OF THE WAR. (Out.-Deutsche Post-- ientai, Jl.e 17.) The war has begut i grand sjtyle! Prussia has broken into three countries like the wolf on the fold, into countries after which she has lusted for years and vealrs-into that Hanover which Napoleon so often held out as a decoy to thie Pussian Court, and so soon as it snapped at it took back again; into Electoral IHesse, which shie before regarded is a vassal state, and to whlichl sihe transmitted herorders bycouriers ; and, lastly, into that old noble state ofSaxnony, the one-half of walieh she swallowed up fifty years ago, and tie rest of hsiceh it was part of her programme to incor porate, although she could not find all opportunity hitherto of consing to the seat of a princely house which is much older in Germany than the former " Iuigrave of Niirnberg." Now sihe has found one viz., by violence and the bre:ch of peace. With a pistol in one hland and the so-called reform project in tihe other, whose motto is subjection and Prussian suzerainty, Bismarck falls on thie neighbouring States, and he lwho does niot obey will siffer tile devastation of wal. Tile lifteentll of June will be as importsant epoch in histury, oil this day Prussia laid aside her German musk and revealed hier wolf's face and thievish object. The invasion of Electonral HIesse, Hanover, and Saxony, will arouse amazement and indignatiou everywhere in Europe. Prussia has not dared to touch Austria as yet; shie has first tried to whet hier courage with the powerless States. In particular tile fate of Saxony will excite the nwarmest sympathy abroad. If Na poleon III. had now to write his famous declamtion, we believe it would run diferenotly. Saoony, whose kinsg once uaeciieed himself for Frnesce; Saxony, who hlas to thank the affection which Freberich Algustus had for France for hermusilation; Saxony, whoabove all hss bound the Napoleonic dynasty to eternal grati tude- this kingdom is attached by tlhe same insatiable ruace which has already stolet halft of it to esrichl itself. And this robber State, before which the neighbouriog nations fly and put their lt'operty in safety, like tile sleiks besroe tie Dey of Algiers, dares to send a cir cular despatclh to the guarantors of Ihe Vienna Con gress Act, in which thie wolf complains that the lumb disturbs his water i Now we will wait to see tile effect of the note, ttd whether tie arrow shot by such a bold archer will not fall on hIis own head! In demolishing a house recently for the purpose of widening the Rue nGuy Lussue, neaur tile Pantlheon, the workmen discovered in one of tile chimney jambs a cavity in which was thle skeleton of au infant of about a year old. Tie bones reposed on a layer of ,ggs, still cltire, to the Ismibher of more thansitly, and near the hand was a little leather ball, which had formerly been white. The hseat had partly calcined thie bones of the legs, uand the eggs had been dried till the centeres were not larger than a pea. The isfuast alppears to havIe been in this receptacle for some 25 or 30 years, which besides had been made and closed up by soume practised amild, as tIhere were no estertial signs of any derangement. Conjecture is quite batllcd as to tlte reaoas for such a s.ingsulr tomb, andfor tie aecompanying eggs. Towards 1804 the house was inhabitod by a religious commuuity, hut in the year 1817 it became a furnished lodging-housah, Three photographers of Warsaw have been ee* teced to a fino of 100 roubles each for having pro. duced portraits of Kommissaroff, the peaent whoeved the Emperor's life, the shadow of which depilted the head of an ase. M. Dnggario, who sold the sidpho' tographs, has been likewise sentenced to ipenal of 100 roubles. The gold in gilt wire is so thin that a grain of the metal may be divided into 95,00 million risible pirtas that is to say, visible under a microscope. Smcoo THE Wne.-Take a polished metiallieaur face of two feet or more, with a straight dsga-farge hand-saw will answer the purpose. ThIske a windyday, whether hot or cold, clear or elondy, only .letit not rain or the air be murky-in otheryosrds, lst.thp air be dry and clear; it is better if the wipd be steady, but this is not essential. Hold your metallio euoaee at right angles to the direction of the wind-e: ., if the wind is north, hold yoear surface dirated easutand west, but instesd of holding the audrfaee vrtiaeiitlitne it about 45 degrees to the horiron, 4s thot, le.Od, striking, glances and flows over the.edge .(etpng it straeighlt) as water over a dsm. Niow sigkbrefully over the straight edge at some minut'sad ibihply' defned object, and you see thb air tois over as'?..tw tows over a dam. Make yohr ob~ervationmacaiodally, and you will hardly ever fail torse the air, zo ;ytter hIow cold; the result is even better when the an is ohbseured.-ciedif Asmaticen. ANODOE or TOO Darn or W rl?lob;--r-Inthe winter of 1847, the wife of an inuastriblalatldtiith in Eases resolved to knit a pair of mittens for the Duke of Wellington, as she. lhad to ask his Grace a favour, to which the gift was to be introdnaotr.. hbe mittens were received at Apsley Hone, and'thflske wore them the same day at the Hrsie Gddai d0ow ing them wsth a smile to hie militsry collagesl ther and desiring that the honest dame's requeat ii be immediately attended to. She stated that ber husband lhad the Ilonour of being one of ohis ,Grac ~ .r, and that hlie had the misfortune of recentlyp ta his Waterloo medal, which he lhad always wtrn a'tthe anniversary of his marriage. She stated thattbhis was again approaching, and that she would eerelaldbeply grateful if the Duke would allow another medalf be issued, as the loss had seriously afftted her p o~sr band's spirits. She would only farther tespaa on Ihis Grace to solicit that the medal sheold be~t to iher privately, as she wrote without her baubtad's kuowledge, and wished to give her phtner va oggiblea surprise oa the arrival of the wedding day. s?ofas speedily approaching, but tllso poor wife b hes _ired no medal. 8he saccordingly wentsred to atdeisn a second letter to the Duke, wthiOh was very idnkbwn at the Horse Guard; from his Grase arrivitg'n a towering pasesion, dashling theasetter on the tableasad demanding to know why his orders had been nasleltd. The whole matter hlad been overlooked. An iaeast request was made to a gentlesian connected tith&_s to inquire if the claim was d orre~ t one. : Tl?ojfing to be the case, the medal was despatched witnmtl l y, but whether in time for the nuptial day iansmesitain. -GCentleman's lfagacsine. , t f ' An American paper supplies the followog - I don't miss my church as mhcs as you i?ap n lad a lady to liher minister, whlo had called upon h'idting her illness, "for I make Betly sit up by the widiow as soon as the bells begin to chime, and tell meb ho are going to Cloureh, and whether theny hasrgot ny thing new." T?a BEoon LoRD NErMos:--rd Xelsofbe brother of the hero of the Wile and To?rafalg~ias quite a character. He was rather abort anmfdittut, wore a long black frock coat nearlysto hismanlses, Heosian boots, and a large shopel bato. I?w?aa tomed to see him daily at myflothe/s lib~,.risr he used regularly to attend to read the dlyopper and have many a time held bopen the ddo?ubir..m, and made him one of my besttows. He?wesa _mIld old gentleman, and would often put hbilasti pn my head, and pat me gently on the eeb"ep a pleasant smile. Ee took th trouble one o bank to get me ia new shillining fo a ui He was very deaf, and this unfofta?sate l him into some rather stanmgetprotioes; le:pbn dal stalls in the cathedral were niceaomforteblagdab where you might take anap wjthtut beingsa nehe vererable prebenddry r ue e ed t'sed o* ,t take the provincial new~aper inlai tb'oe on the week-day aftersnoon, aad n8im6 iniit it over he forgot that others could shesrl?ettla himself, and I hare often seen a signiflcastookimnd a suppressed titter among toehose whost unt. to hear the rumping of thepapor.--',aes. fle Adeioliogoj aefo o olfa la A Por Cnn-In the miniatuire creanish!tif o vegetation that grew in the rook poonlrtheaW hs perfectlyat home sampeng eboutsitsosp~w erustacean money with a dpededlterbnt qr Now, to appreciate the chaorier of a crb 7o itu t know more of him than is to bola d l o ain d works on naLturalhisttry, otrnooteaobo mI tions at the aupper-toble; and tloereoerelsnhthesldle captured and dropped into the can, ears hei of course taken that he is not disamemberedl qrotlrwso injured in the process, which is somottme e a4 lt task to accomplish. About four years mscan!on rvyed aslohore a crab alive from ~lroads~tii to Eo n, and fitted up for his accommodation a Aibitetil- ofa rocks and sea-weed, containing abonawgpllon?ee water. In a few weeks he became so ame.t hlb would feed on shreds of mussel that.weo oted to Lim, which he would take from thefi? ers is claws, like a monkey, to the great deliht, j. veniles, who always made a point of on dnt when Jack was at lia breakfast. He radu b me so accustomed to this, that about feeding inesiatshe morning, if he were not sppplied witb asual morsel, lie would tap at the sides ofltongls , and continue making a noise till be "reeiveodhi fnnd. After some time, however he became shy, and appar. ently indisposed, hiding away out of the range of obh servation; and one evening I was informed thatpota Jack had breathed his last. He was secordin?i..re moved, and received decent burial under aros?.buoh He had won our affection, so we wore renolvedito) to disturb his garden, which contained several pec??~ns of alga in a healthy condition; but we wese Aprtrld by hearing the old familiar sound of tapping ~an the glass. Had thbre been any precedent, we. rlsold certainly have concluded that Jack's ghot eas re visiting his house-as ghosts that have a domioiliary attachment are said to do. Upon looking in, however, we found him perched upon hlis favourite pieee of stone, tapping away with all his might. The real state of thle case became at once pparnt. Pplding he had grown too large for his shelly coat,oa taken it ofl' and that in suel a perfect ondition- legs, claws, lhead, all--as to deceive us into the belief tlhat his body was inside. He did this on everal . subsequent occasions, grew to four times his original size, lived in confinement upwards of two years, and died through the accidental administration of eadose of green paint.--Holiday Hours at the Geaside. Why does a salmon die before it liveasP-Because its existence is ova before it comes to life. Anrnosta WinD AMoo Ton FEALneNB.-Thoere two parties-O'MeMahonys and feOq'Roberts. One thinks the best way is to go over to Canady and establish an Irish Republio there, kiodly permittin' the Canadians to pay tise expenses of that sweet boon; and theother wants to sail direek for Dublin Bay, wher young MeBoyr and his fair young bride went down and was drowning aecordin to a hallitlonct heard. Buttheee's one pius on wioleh both sides agree-that's the -fans. They're willin, them chaps in New York, to reive all the funs you'll send 'em. You send a puss to'night to O'Malony, and another puss to Roberta. B2th will receive 'eo. Yeou bet. And with other pastes it will be similer. I went into hMr. Delmonioo'a easin'. hiouse the other night, and saw my fren Mr. Terrance tt'Faddcn, who is a elokent and enterprisin' deputy centre. He was sittin' at a table, eatin' a canvas'back duck. Poultry of that kind, as you know, is rather high just now; I think about flve dllras per poul. And a bottle of amreen seal stood before him. 'How are you, Mr. I'Fedden P" I said. "Oh, Mr. Ward! I am miserable-miserable! The wroogs we Irishmen eouffer! Oh, Irelhnd! will a troo oistory of your suf ferings ever be written P--moust we for ever be ground under by the iron heel of despotic Britain P-- but, Mr. Ward, won't you eat suthlling P" " Well," I said, "'if thllere's another canvs-bacsk and a spare bottle of that green seal in the house, I wouldn't mind jioiu' you in . bring ground under by Britain's irnt heel" A eomedi,, at Boston, by way of puff for his ap. proaching bheefit, ipublished the following lines: Dear public, you and I of late Have dealt so much in fun; I'll crack you now a monstrous great Quadruplicated pun ! Like a grate full of cools Tilglow, A great full house to sees And if I am not grateful, too, A great fool I must bel Irswecn: Printed and Published by the Preprietore, Hocan Pao~ asoo, J. Bow?Ioro Bfiunra , and FL?scrs KrDtn, at the Qaeeoslond imes OfB0e, Ellsnborough-street. 