Tonnage and Measurement. IhtAB BPI»,-Tour correspondent " The Skipper" .hu recontlj'maBe several slight allusions in his valuable papers,' to tho aboco long vexed question. Without any hopo of being enabled to throw additional light upon tho subject, or satisfy 'either one section or another of your yachting; friends, I Tenture to pen a few remarks. ." The Skipper" says, the Australian' him belongs 'to no olass, measuring either, (according I suppose to IÎ.8.Y.8. Rules,) 4 or 9 tons. . N ow I oontend that according tba thoroughly common sense and practical view . of thc matter, Bb« really should rate at the larger tonnage, and the whole question hongs upon tho method of taking tho length ion deok. Tho rule is distinct enough, "Tho length slfall be.taken in a straight line at tho deck, from the first port bf the stem to the after.part 'of the stern post," j and until the Australian was built, no question ever arose, or should, properly then have arisen on the subject. The Australian is built ion the segment or half of a cirolo thus, A. the how. representing the stem, B tho stern post, but a rudder post C liss been constructed about a third ol her length forward from aft, nnd at a considerable dis» tance forward of the termination of her water line abaft, and although I believe .the measuring committee dis- agreed, they took the measurement on deck from A to C instead of A to B thus ignoring the real bona fide stern post altogether. Any builder will tell you that tho stern post is tho aftermost part of the vessel's main'frame, to which tho wood ends /ästen, and which is in fact the termination of tho vessel's length at the water lino. Nothing can bp plainer to a. practical mind, the rudder, post iii the Australian is simply on upright to hang the rudder ou below the water line, it is no part or- parcel of the main frame, it might be removed to-morrow without interfering in tho slightest ' with her strength or stability, and a rudder hung on the half round of her real stem post, as we often see cn a whaleboat for harbour use.. I hare no wish to detract from the merits of vessels of thc Australian's peculiar form of construction, but no fair contests can possibly take place, with vessels constructed to avoid a given rnlo of measurement, and thus possess- ing such manifest advanlngo in match sailing. Nor can any decidod opinion bo formed or expressed as to. tho advantage of this new form of construction, unless they ore fairly equalised with known vessels of other build. Time for tonnage is a puro fallacy as regards the relative powers and rates of speed of different vessels, unless they aro mensnrcd for actual size and displacement. No practical mind unless on inspection of the two vessels, would say that the Xnrifa, carrying 30 tons of load and iron ballast, is only 0 tons larger than tho Era carrying ll ton?. Much discussion hos recently taken pUo in England on the question of ballast carried by tho different cracks, and it is stated by a correspondent in Sv.nl't Yachting Magazine for April, that Tho Fiona, 78 tons curries 44 tons ballast. Kilmeny 80 " 19 " Torch 15 ,, 9 " ThcBO th reo vessels are nil of the samo proportion«, they ore much on the same lines and narry about §th's weicht of ballust of their gross estimated tonnoge. Horo is n clear computation to go from, but in tho case of thc Xnrifa and Era instanced aboro, who can say that tho same system of measurement will opply equally, one vessol carrying less than holf her estimated tonnng«, the other carrying within a ton of tho whole. It is eleni that the Xnrifa's displacement must be considerably larger in proportion, a longer water lino, and in every- way possessing far greater momentum and power. Then I comes the question how to meet the difficulty, and hero 1 admit that I am somewhat in the dark, but I think taking tho actual displacement, or a measurement of j tho whole of tho vessel, the objection would be met, I can BOO nothing fairer than that of toking thc contents of tho vessel in whatever shape or form she moy be budt. I hove written thus far, simply with an object of ventilating tho quostion, nnd setting at rost, before tho BOOBon commences, a question which unless dispoeod of in a fair pquitablo spirit, will long militate against tho sucoesB of tho R.S.U.S., and prove a source of annoyance and ill-will amongst our yachtsinon, ond be in every way prejudicial to tho interest of our great national Dostimo. TANDEEDECKEH'S GHOST. THE MATCH between Kendo.ll and LyonB for £10 aside, which wo announced in our last week's issue, comes off to-day at ll a.m. Tho men will start from tho red buoy, and, pulling round Pinchgut and Goat Island, return tho samo course. As both oro in good fottlo, and bear somo reputation, wo may expect a good race. HiCKnr AND GUBEN.-Wo havo heard nothing fur- ther about this match, and hoar that tho contemplated arrangements have fallon through. This is to bo re- gretted, sinoo wo know of no others who could afford n botter raoo than these crack pullers. FHIST SNIPE OF TUB SKAHOK.-Wo hnvo boen requested by Mr Charles Singlo of Thornhil', Penrith, to contradict tho Rtatomcnt which appeared in our isBUo of tho 18th, to tho effect that tho snipo shot by Mr Alfred Fouler, was the first of tho season. Mr Singlo, os will bo Been by reforonoo to our issue of tho 4th ult., shot a brace of snipe on tho 28th of the previous month. [Of course wo meant it to bo understood as relating to the Sydney district.] Tn E FIUST SNIPE OF THE SEASON.-The first snipo of tho season, as far ns this district is concerned, fell on Friday last, ot Jombnicutnbcno, to tho gun of Mr Ralph Clemengor. Snipes, boing migratory birds, are not in I duded in tho noir Gome Act. -Braidwood Dispatch. j 