UNDER THE BLACK AND YELLOW ? ? -?; fFEOlt CHAMBBRS'S JOUBNAIi.l -..'._.? IN TWO PABTS.— PABT I. 'We were posting up Italy, after a winter spent at Borne. Summer had set in somewhat earlier' than usual,' and the- weather was sultry in all but the mountain districts,; indeed; the heat had already driven away most of the English 'Bojourrie'rs in this land1, and-it was1 owing to: a whim of my pupil's that we; had; lingered' to the last. Robert Haw thbrrie ! was in1 every senssa fine young fellpw^1 generous,' brave;, arid irahk 5 but' he .was terribly impulsive and headstrong, and l;.Philip Simpson^ MiA1.,-- had no trifling responsibility in filling the office of his travellirig:tuter. Old Mr Hawthorne had' enjoined me- not to draw the rourb 'too' tight; to humor the 1 young; man;- instead of thwarting him, and to gain his good-will if I could— remarking, with] ' perfect ;truth, that his grandson r™ 1 ' more easy to- lead than: to drive.' There was money enough and to spare;' for Robert was sole' heir and favorite with the old squire; who; was rich, so that my pupil's allowance wasj if anything! rather tob liberal; while' iny owri'salary was higher than I. had a right-' to' exgebt.- ? Stilly a travelling-tutor's life, is not always to be envied. With Robert Hawthbrne, to be sure',' I was exempt from the vexations to which many in the same position are exposed. My charge was uniformly kind and courteous, which,' as 'I had ' opportunities of seeing,, sbtne of . the wilder youths in Rome that winter were not in the habit_ of 'being with reference1 to their ; 'bear- leaders.' But I carried about a load of care of which my pupil knew nothing. Robert had good abilities and a noble disposition, but there was a dash;of reoklessness in his .nature,; he.washardly to; be restrained from following, any idle fanoy.that might cross his mind ;, and he was hasty in his, likes. ^nd^.dialikes^ his, hatred and his love.. With sn.ch, a .character nas. his, , everything .depended on his falling into good hands, and passing the plastic time of youth among associatigns, likely to; develop ' the native' worth of his heart ; t while there was. no 'small risk that he, would gp, utterly /aatray{. if his company were evil. '.AndT had some doubts. aB'W whether I, Philip '-^impsou, were fit for my post/ My .'.own knowledge of the, world was,, per for.c'e of' a' reBtriot'ed, kiiid. . An ' exh'ibitipher ' at school, and the. winner of a , small scholarship . at Oxford, I had left the university with a head \vell stored with Latin and Greek, but with a' very; limited experience Pf the ways of 'the i'brbaS oute* life that lay beyond : obllege wallsi 'A few ; mbriths spent' in the quiet country parish where I read for orders^ afew1 mbre'mbnthS !, as temporary ciirate of a subtirba'n district, and the 'better part of ay ear devoted to the 'tuition and guardianship of Robert HawthbrniB, made upmy uiieveiitful histbry;; I, do not think I should have accepted the difficult duty I had; 1 Undertaken, nn: ispite -iof the1^ embluments attached tp\it,butifor dear ; June's sake. Jane was the.1 younger: daughter of,'. the' old'* clergy man--as poor a;vicar aaxariy ^Wiltshire— with whorii I 'had read,, and; iriwhose parish I had earned my 'title ' by - doing; a:onrate's work without pay, and we iwb were!, engaged to Lj- the married.' But ? when? :A benefice: ? was a preliminary to the uuion1 of twP penniless, young persons like i ourselves, and- when Mr, Hawthorne offered me the post of tutoi? to the heir :of Hawthorne Hollj- it had ' been- byi the ; advice of Janp'Siifather thatJLhad accepted the office. The old-squire, _ as : the-.ivioai- 'shrewdly remarked; was patron of three livings,; and it Jmrisfrbe5 my1 own. fault;if J,did;nQ,tj,,8ome[day^come'.dn:forithe .rever sion flf ,one,jbl|. the,m. ;. Thus it Jell out that i Robert' and. J; w,ere(raitjing along the. dusty. ?Ifcalianroads in t^ia jSeQqnd.weekjin.June.il We . travelled tin a carriage/ ^hiohj, Robert^ had purpbased! for about' twehty-eigjit pounds,, Jthe autumn before,, in Turin — a;clatt6\ring,,jingiingr,thin|;,i but of :greatjipower of .pr\dara,nce. ,, Jnjit jWAha.d.trav.elled: up arid down the,pegmsnla,;frbm.P;iedmont:to.Naplesi.and.it:bad' stoody^lie bumps;, and 'shocks of many a 'irugged' mouqtam-rflad ; ampngo,;thej; Apennines. .. Ypurig. Ha\v|norjie ! ,had . an abhorrence of vettiirini and their customs,, and; could .not endure to,t? sell .him self,' as hft,8ajd7rnD.Wg?^P8 beforehand ior. trans'*' port, 'fbpdj,'an^ lodging, as moreeoonomioal.voyagers were qfy ? to dbj .1 . ,He .opuld ittot endure to -be tied downjo g.certaipro^te, ;fixed hours -.of departure; and bertaiu'halting-plaoe.s,; and .was averseJto any. arrangement which curtailed, his freedom. of action;1 and so , we travelled ; post, in spite -of my, remon strances on the . score of expense. One compromise we had, we retained no courier in our employ, and the duty,. of paying postilions and' ordering ^ relays fell tbniy phare for -the most parti Very, fortunately, as it afterwards turned out, . I had a natural talent for the acq[uu;ement of foreign tongues, and during the winter spent at Rome, I had not been too proud, to take regular, le^s^na, in Frenphjand Italian,, in. both .of which jliinguagas I was npw able to ponyerse , with' tbleraple1 fluency: ,.',' A$, . brigand, . swindler, thiel ' on ' four }$g/b,\ j?^stp, get . along you, qvanti, unsaintepV brutes', ,'horseB of. the. Evil Onei .whoop, scherzo, ^ush|! alongyi'''. ye||ed, the «.wild mountain- born driye$ ' as . flbbn'as !we wrere,, clear pf thejpmr battled gate pfj;Mqdenai;,whe^e:, the, white-coated Austrian soldiery plus^rei.fts thipk^as bees,, and, wherb '; we. hiid ' been j(detainedj or\\. all^manner,, of trivilii pretexts fipiinedted 'with .puip passpprtsi , for , nearly tvr6, hpurs.' ,'^nd with ^mighty .cijac^p^- of whipsjlaiid ':, jtpbkiia^ an|a waying of the .p§rriage1.we went' ' at furipuV speed, alpri'g the ,bfp'ad road/'ijftisiing olpuds' pi 'liot': whitedidBt, ap4, , spaUering the l(jzy. herds' of slpwiy.-inarohing ;buffal6e'^ tp., ithe. left,, and right. ;.Tn'is,dis;prderly'.' hast'e, 'iis if ^y a ma^.rq'sh we odul4;ibfeefo.oa^cih''(']qp,to.,.th,e time, which the vexatipus p'chce had .b'ause'i ijs tb fritter , away .at : the gate, set me, BpepuUti'ng^p^ .the.;pjjp^ableJr,epult to springs and axles ; but Robert laughed, and enipyed it highly^ animating, the ! postilions by,,,a'.,^ritiBh view-h'dllpo'iis viffij albngl ...,Wei &-**?? i0.!!*^ 9?*. ierk^.hlther.ariatpither .for, a.few, minutes, and then the 'random' |ga|lop'.,ralaxe^'jjat6! ,» moderate, trot, arid/I, 'drew iny, breatli ipp^e^ freely., -Ij;.wa^ fearfully hot'j; findaB.we)'.gd;t farther and further from' the 'st^iep Modeija ' mountains., and, deeper ^nfp the flat.1 Lbiab'ard plaip^.the.. lit^e . brieze, thera was died : tiwiy. .'.fih^..iefti',' us ;ga's.p.jng in, fhe Btilj dead' jiir, 1'aden, . with; das^V .^f'^?^, ;. which fltho afternoon suii glowed, re.d aud,dim pyer ^he, irrigated lands.1 No mote .welcome .sha^ frfjm .thel leafy ohestnrit-trGes, ' but endless, flats .brmai^e, and ;ifipe, wheat, and pollard vines.! the buU-frpgs. orbakiijg a hoarsp auswer.tq the shrill. oiciiduB, pii the. low trees and Bhrubs beside the oanals ; blaolr yioibns-eyed buffaloes toiling at '.'the wator-wheels, and the straight ehcUena' ' /Bmilian , Read running .towards the north. At 'the distance of 'a singlp stagp frpm Parma.Bome littlo delay ooeuiAvuV The horseB— Robo'jrt' would travpl with four ..hbraes, . thpugh (|,he carriage was light, and ttie iiiggage not over woi^*'-- »n; thepoBtlliona, who bad put oh their, gayest .jjaokets, heavy with red worsted tags and fringe, in hpnbr of the English milords,'* were in the saddle ; and we had been bowed out of the yard by the obsequiods postmaster, when some part of the harness gave way, and with , many im precations, the younger postbpy, dismpunfied tp; rectify the mishap. Just ( then, ,w^th: ringing ; of bellis, and heavy whip-oracking, a carriage, thundered up j.' and we heard .the call for fresh horses answered by : a deblaration '. .that . none' were, to be ', had. The deputy-postmaster, was polite, but could .d.o .nothing ; while the.; new arrival-— an itajlian gentle man , with. u, white hair, ,, , and an inteUi-!, gent .face— ;yainly. rempnstrated. K-I^;i was pf; great consequence to him, he said, to reach Milan withoat- delay. ,,.. The... .postmaster; shrugged . ,his shoulders :' A thousand excuses, signor; it is im possible. , All; the teams are put. The illustrious Inglesi ;yonder have got, the last,; I could not give ; so much as ^single hoof more to . any traveller, were the Hoiy Father himself to need sqch ac commodation.' The old zBan-servantiWho accom panied the new-comer— who, by .the way,, had arrived, in a hired post caleasa, and not in a carriage .of his own— now lifted up his hands and eyes, taking all the saints to witness thatiBprgo di Volto was a den of thieves, and his master ^nd himself the , most luckless of men. -?,}?? j^a,^', .ahl noble sir, was, it not your own fault?' tie exclaimed in, tones of ...affectionate reproach, (, curious to my English ears. ' Would you.not depart on Friday, and the , thirteenth of the month ? , and did not the Cavaliere. Luigi Bianchi, the most famous jetiatore in Naples, wish you a good journoy as we droye away fifom the city?. Be sure thai man has cast the evil eye,. uppn'VrTT— V'Pahaw! such follies are only , fit for children,' the , master answered, jre prbvingly.; 'The essential is, that I am detained from, my poor friend's bedside, while death is hovering o,ver him,.. Go and, see if you can hire horses, mules, anything to reach. Parma before sunset.' By this time our ( harness was meuded, and. oar postilions . wore cracking their long- lashed whips, but . Robert's, ypice called to them to stop so abruptly thtit the, horses were flung upon their r haunches.,, 'f Stop,- stop.! Here you, Beppo,.Toni, .what's yopr 'name ?' Open the door— so ; I'll give him! , a, .lift.',., And approaching the stranger, my ? pupil. liftedj his. hat, declaring that it would give iiiin, infinite, pieaaure. if he could , be .useful in any way ;, adding, that t^ere was plenty of ro.pm inside purt barriage,' and thaf .we were bpund.fpr .Milan. After many compliments h'ad, ^passed, .phiefly paid by, the . Italia^1,, for' Robert's, . cpmmaud ...p£, the language was far frpm great,' the strangpr accepted the' offer. , His. light luffaage was strapped on the roof, his old servant mounted the box, and he' took his-place inside, after which we Btarted.1 . We found our new ' a'c^uaiintance^ agreeable enough,', a . well read, sensilile gentleman, /wh'b 'spoke of ^ngland and British liberties with warm sympathy: arid respect'.' ^e was ; a landed prp'prietpr from Iibm biardy, had lately been in Naples, bn a visit to some fjelatives belonging to the sbuthern brdiiph' bf the fjithily, and^waa now hurrying up to S|ilau ,tp the bjedside- of: a dying 'friend; ' He kept us company as 'far as | , Milan, f itself | 'and there we , pair ted with, ekpreSBions of mutual regard; . _,'? I donpi know) ?^eritleinen, whether we shall over .meet againj r(itibh as: I may wish to renew ah intimacy Jap' flattering and' ageeeable. tb myself,' were the bid ^ontleman's last wbfds;'«'but should yba 'visit Brescia, anyone will show you where j. reside— a' 'liague off it ; and- it - would1 indeed be gratifying to receive- such guests under1 my roof, while I ?wl'ould try tb make1 the Italian villeggiaturd bearable tp ybUj and my- children' -would mostgladlywelobme ypul'' He then ? begged ' us' ? to . ' cio'nserve his card,1' paid ' his parting ; salutatiPhsi; and fpllpwed Qiacpmb and' the 'baggage out of -'the gate way of - the huge Ville do iMilan Hpteli ivjhere: 'the above: conversation- -had ; occurred, We never: thought to -see him 1 ? agami arid[ yet. we f ilt sure that the invitation' was xi'o empty^ isp'nip'li'J ' inent, but was honestly meant to he accepted ;' and had we intended otiiexplorei that 1 par t-'of the pro-' vince, we should have been 'glad of the ohance of Beeing, ' what- ? so few Englishmen ever seej the domestic life of a well-to-do Italian family. On the c|rd was the name of the iMarohese G. dei Fresoobaldi. ?.?* So,- the old gentleman is a mar quis, is he ?'.' said Robert laughing. J' WqnderM thick volumes the Italian peerages miist be, if civilisation has gone' so far in these regions as to ipioduoe.a Debrett. However, he's a good old boy, aid we'll drink his health after dinner, Mr ? -Simp- sqn.'v-So we did, and forgot him. -The ^ next fortnight was spent on the borders of the Lake of cWo;1 sketching crags and lateen-rigged boats, lemon groves, and brown-complexioned fishermen in redcaps and chocolate-colored jackets;. :Wheh I speak of skotching as an employment, I allude only ioj Robert's occupation. I was no draughtsman, w lereas my pupil had no slight talents : as ou artiBt, cc upled withi a violent 1 but desolutory passion for bt auty of form and tint. At Rome, he had foamed pi merous: acquaintances in ..the. art-colony .of bearded and long-haired students^ and: was con st intly- to be found in galleries - and studios, sur rounded by the coldest and simplest of .the unshorn eijthusiastsj English and German,- that 1 the. plaoe , contained, raving about colors and curves, statues ardljipaijitingaj;.'i,n a wayj: that I confess- niyself ui able to understand. He was always in raptures about something:, here a bit of Roman ruin, there a triptiohpf' the; thirteenth century; elsewhere a rugged; pinnacle of. .black basalt or splintered rook, ppeoked by wild flowers, and ? festooned with cling ing vine- leaves; .??-??:?.? .. .;:..?,?.,,,!., .u i.,,!;.:.: ? tThus we. made constant expeditions about Oomo acd.its. environs, until Robert was tempted by the gl -wing description whioh a wandering tourist gave hi n of the- Lake of Garda, whither we went next ; an d, on a brlirht hot July day, found ourselves ' in i;h), town of 1 Uresoia.i. !« Is that all yen have to ehaw. us?. ;Nb better, paintings' than- those?'' as jed my pupil of the droning cicerone, who had pi otad ours courae from ohuroh to church, and from co iverit to town hall, making the , most of the few lions of Bresoia.i .''/Sbim caro'* replied the man With a , s,hrng, and a deprebatory bow ; ' we are poor* We h,ave often been robbed. Brescia bus been frequently pillaged by the savage Germans and greedySwitzers.c.Qur; pictures - have ,aoffered ,Me our^, city,', ;i' Then, there is really nothing more worth soeiug?' asked Robert as he dropped a aopdo into the m^n's ready hand. ' Ab, yes, there was,' the oicoroup said, bowing low in acknowledg ment of his foe ; '? there .wore some beautiful grand olfl pictures at a .yilla.half an hour's, drive from the north gate of tho cittQ ; pictures that any douler would cbveir witu gold, could he purchase {heiu — 'ah, ,, and , blesa his kind. , auints ., that had given ' him such a bargain I Pioturos indeed t Ploturea by Titian, by Miohaol Angelo, by Raphael, by Virgil. What do I know !' Here the guide crossed himself at the name of the Mantuan enchanter. -,' Only;-: the Mustrissimo,. to -., whom , they belong does not like . to admit strangers jto,.his mansion.' , v'.| He , must be a rich man,, to keep so much ..capital looked up in- tho form of painted, canvas, if the paintings, be as valuable as you lead.us to suppose,' . said , -I.;, inquiringly. Another shrug : and bpw.. ' Npble excellencies! we poor .Italians love our art. It, is all we have lef t^ ,,iWe prize, that little. The proprietor of the ? pictures of w^ichlihave permitted myself tp: speak is not wealthy ; but he. value.8 these paintings, which haye been . in .his. family for centuries,; mora. than lands and' money-., By Baqphus ;, they, say, the rich Cardinal Fouri; buoni offered immense sums for pne.of the worst. of the Titians, to the present Frescpbaldi.?' 'Eres- cobaldi I not the Marchese Giulio dei.Frescobaldi ??'' cried wewith one accord. And the cicerone assured us that the preoious pictures were in.yery truth the property of pur.late travelling companion. Thus it fell put .that we, who had completely forgotten the marchese and his invitation, found ourselves, before another sun had set, ..absolutely domesticated beneath the old Italian gentleman's hospitable roof. On. pur presenting ourselves at the villa, the former invitation was so .heartily renewed that we. could not easily have rejected it even had Robert been less, desirous tp see and copy the treasured paint ings, which proved fairly worthy, of. the high-flown praise which the cicerone had bostowed on them. ;. . , . ... , . ; -.: '.. The villa was a large building, of a dull pink color, as to the outside, painted over with gaudy frescoes, which were sorely dimmed by time. It had a flat roof, with a heavy marble balustrade, and on' a terrace . before it stood a triple row of costly marble statues* mingled with rose-trees- and other flowering shrubs. A battlemented wall of gray stone, broken and weed-grown, surrounded the stable, the offices, and a large court-yard; and there was a great garden, nowtangled and over grown, orange-trees, flowers, and weeds, canes arid potherbs, confusedly mingled. Most of the foun tains were mossy and broken, arid had ceased to play; but one little humble jet d'eau sent up its silvery shoot of water into the Bummer air from the midst of an actual thicket of rose-trees fun wild. Everything told of decay. Within, there were many signs of ancient splendor* but -fowi of present comfort. Many stately rooms, the' dim' gilding of : whose cornices gave proof of bygone lu|xuryi wore unfurnished, arid only strewed :with dusty heaps of lumiber, about which1 spiders' spun their broad ? webs in* ;perf eot. security. Still, there was rib lack Pf more habitable- chambers'. The few servants of the : impoverished, family waited on us with ? intelligent .-kindness that was ; new to our. experience; arid the welcoine we met with would have made up for worse quarters. The fainily consisted of the old marchese, his two sons, arid his daughter. The marohfese was a widower; and - it happened that when wo became his guests,' his sons were absent on a short visit to Milan. A . beauti ful dark-eyed- girl, ? with an unusually thoughtful face, arid a mind better stored than is csmmoit among Italian ladies, was Assuhta Frescobaldi. It orjee or twice beburred ; to me that perhapb I had acted unwisely in exposing -iriy pupil to the : risk' Pf a hopeless attachment in that quarter. I knew Mr Hawthorne's prejudices too well not to feel assured that he would never consent to acknowledge a f orsigrier — no matter how good or f air— as his grandson's wife, and the future mistress 'pf, Ha .w-l, thprhe Hdll; arid I began to fear that : t had been imprudent in accepting the marchese's invitation. -' |Tq' my great joy, .'.; however, .Robert did not appear , to , ba .as i j much f apoinated by , Assunta's beauty. as I had expected. .Perhaps;. his mania for art, f or it .was a mania, preHerved him. fancy free, and the hours. he; spent in. a,, well-shocked pioture gallery, now copying, now gazing . with an admir ation which neyer weariedj on theL gemg; treasured there, .prevented; the [.contingency I :dreaded. _I began to feel quite at ease, and to enjoy the novelty of ; everything around, me. .It must not be supposed thatjwasa mere drone, negligent . of my duties aB, Robert's, tutqir. .On the contrary, I made a point of keeping myvcharge to a certain routine of daily.study, andjhonestly did my, best to prepare him for what, in his case,, was to be a late entry at :tiie university. But I had hard work with him, He, had .wonderful quicknqss in learning, and would sometimes get through the allotted task with breathless rapidjty , leaving me lost in , wonder at the species of intellectual jugglery by ;\yhi(jh he had attained a result so. apparently; satisfactory, At another time, I coul4. not get him to open a book. All my persuasions ,f aile.dt , and ^ey.ep. the . threata.of writing to his grandfather, fell .perfectly : flat., He wpul^ laugh gppd^-humoredly — his temper, like :his health, being excellent — and merely tell me I was quite, in. the, rights but that t he, ?: was in .; a.n idle mbo.d, for the. time being, , or more disposed to paint oriloungei.than delve among Greek1, roots, and: that ' the. governor ' kuew- but too weil already ; what a graceless scamp his grandson was. On tho fourth day, the two sons, Antonio and Luigi-, ope bearipg the. title ,,bf flpunt,' the other, and,, yonjiger being styled . C^vaiiere , dpi ; Frescpbaldi, oame -, home. iTb'ey wer^e t both fine speoimens. of the , Lombard stdok, ,but jpf diffprent , typ,es, , Antoiiip, ., ?.tall, dark, ; and slender;, .^ith a pale forehead and, a slight stoop, . was ;a thorough 1 aoholar ; while Luigi, who had . the auburn .hair and blue eyes occasionally, seen in old Italian pprtraits, had all the fire and, frankness oftijQ ^p}dier, .-He,. had,, indeed, seryedj/.with: distinctiqn the .year before in .the Piedemontese army, and had only resigned his sword when his regi ment was disbanded,-af te« thefataVljattle Qf Novara. A great ;intim.apy -now- arose; between theas young men and. my , pupil, since there , was much . on both sides^that wa^s brilliant and attractive, .and it was not .qfte,n:that,the dnll country-house had ao . gay ahd^das.hing.ajguest beneath its roof ,as Roberj; Hawthorne, who had very winning manners, and \vho(deUgUted.thev impulsive- Italians .by. the deep, and sincere love for art whioh he possessed in com mon with, thomsolves. Oucj more bond of union, stronger yet, there was, and that . was Robert's sym pdthy-TTnaturaUtoan English freemanrjvithisuffer ing ^.taly., .Our entertaiuers were, .heart and soulj' memlj.ers . of. the great libernl party, if party 'be a .fit name to beato w on . ,the immouse majority of a uatiqa pining for nalional life.- Tbo old miiroheRO waSjWell.kuqwu^as one of thoso Lombard nobles who8ft dogged [)af.riotiam had proved too much alike I for pricjatly persuasion or .linperiul: cnjolory, while the .-'Honsi.-j., h/kd .; O.onc ' goo') ., sorvioe, in tho fiold and ip tho Btildy, , with swerd and pen, for tlio' Baorod. Qftliso ;p.f their,' oh»iuud.f aud . ? blpoding f ulher--, land. Speaking now after the event, and looking baokupon tho past with a light whioh nothing but experience can give, I own that; I was.wrong to feel ?- the security which :I ,did aB to. the ^rpbable results' of. my pupil's intimacy with the .family; whose, ; guests we were.. But as it was, once convinced , that Robert was not likely to fall .in- love with ; Assunta Frescobaldi, I felt, no apprehensions as to any other contingency. 1 was soon to bounr: deceived. -ls ,; -, ? . ... ;,. ?'.'!. ? ... :? ?.?.-,, :?.;- i j'-,--.; One. night found me restless and feverish, and unable to rest. Everything vexed my ear — the distant barkin'g- of- a village ''cur';' r the plash of the fountain among the roses Jbeneath my win dow ; the sullen croak of the bull-frpgs in the marsh, audible to a great distance through? the hushed air; even the menacing hum of the mbs-v quito, that hovered around my close-drawn cur-' tains of. transparent web: all these things chafed' me in my present mood. I r.ead for a ' while, then', extinguished iny candle and tried',. to' 'sleep,,' but' was at last compelled to give lip all hopes of re-: pose. So I, went to tho window, opened' it, aqd' stood looking1 out over the garden; dim in the pale starlight. What was that? a step? Yes, the dis-l.'. tinct tread of a human foot, not walking freely, but with cautious action; and presently appeared a figure muffled in a cloak, arid with a' broad hat, . such aa the peasants wore, slouched over the eves. Still, I felt convinced that the intruder was no peasant ; his tread arid gait were those of a proud ' man compelled to put an unwelcome restraint upon ' himself. He halted under the boughs of an orange tree, where the gold green fruit hung in thick clusters over his head, arid gave a short shrill whistle, which was speedily answered- Then' two other men, also in dark mantles and slouched' ' hats,' '. appeared, moving from the housi towards the: first comer, and the three met and talked earnsstljf,.dnd with much of the gesticulation inseparable from' an.' Italian conversation, but in guarded tones. I had no wish to play the eavesdropper, and I quitted the', window. When I returned to it, the colloquy wa's: ' over, and the party breaking up. The man I: had first seeri vanished' aniong the fruit-trees, the ptKers' ' turned towards the house.1 In the dusk, 'tme o|' them tumbled over the root . of a . tree, and uttered , an impatient exclamation, ' by' which I recognised Luigi, the 'cayalierei the younger t of the two brothers. vThii; next momantj'bbth haft disappeared. Five minutes ' afterwards, a low rastlirig sound caught my eat.' ! I' looked, and lo 1 from a thicket of fragrant shrubs' ' was warily protruded a hunidri ';£'ea'd, ' the.eye's 'be'i!!' longing1 to which took a heedful survey' of : ' the garden. Satisfied- that the coast' was, 'clear, th' a'! \ concealed persbii came stealthily crawling1 out; and j' with frequent pauses. He stood fpr a monient 'oh the lawn;- and I had time 'fb see that'he '.wa'sr a , short, bull-necked than, iwith very wide sheulders1;.' arid bow legs,' who forcibly reminded me of a 'cer-,v' tain Giuseppe, one -Jf the house-servants'.' ', He: iwas,1'.' . silent arid watchful for a moment; then gave a' chuckle of ignoble joy; and rubbed his' large hands'11, together.1 ? ' JPer JUrcolei a good 'night's \vork.' u.' That was all 'he said; and he. vanished as soon !-:as ' the words were spoken; but for some inst&n;'ts'1 the;' snapping of dry twigs told of the course 'he' was1 pursuing; 'Well,' said I, ai I returried to i' idy bed, 'this is a c^ueer- imbroglio of ah' affair. ', If ' Messrs Antonio and Liiigi choose'-'' to/'Kaye' mysterious ? interviews with strangers^ that ' is rib ' business of mine ; but if that fellow T^ere reallj' ' Giuseppe he was evidently playing the '.' spy . on their proceedings; and' by -his tone' arid iriannerj I suspect, meant rib gdod: L T1J givy1 ! the yburig men a hint in the mprriirig ; and'if any' ' conspiriaoies are afleat, our visit had better ? come to' ' a blosei' I fell asleep -soon1* after 'this.; ' When ' morning came, -it happened that r'Ibduld1.flhd 'ri'p' ' ohance of speaking tb the - young^Jirien'. upon - the subject of iny nocturnal ob¥erv-atioris;: ' I h'ad 'no' wish to spread alarms which hright prow unfburided;' and I waited, but waited-iri vainjfpr a^'bppprturiitjr pf hinting.- to ?Antonio or ' his Bbldier-b'rothe^}'* thdt1 their ? cpri vernation ' had been ? overheard - ^jr' tin-' ' friendly ears. After all, my infbrinhlidiiVdid.nP't seem importaD't. enough to merit the;iiatnbr:of'a' warning, and,' for anything I knetv/tbrecbrife^eEco might haye referred to matters pf no dang'erpus lip- . port. I yielded; therefore; to the' force of .pirouHi'-' ' stances, and resolved to put off iny revelations until ' I should return from my wonted ' boiistitutioriai.' Tb that constitutional, iny constant habit since the days when, as a raw freshman, I rambled' about the outskirts of Oxford, Iolung with' true British piar tinaoitv. In vain did- the marchese talk' b'f suri-^ strpke and fever ; in vain did Luigi laughingly quote the Neapolitan proverb which declares' that' nobody goes out in the noonday heat save mad dog and Englishman. : I was not to be cheated Put, of my stroll. Accprdingly I took my umbrella .as a precaution against sun, not rain, and went forth at the usual Hour. When I came back,' from the brow of , a little eminence where the' myrtle bbsiies and ' wild figs formed a- thicket whose '? shade was gratoi ful on so sultry a day, my eyes sdddenly caught' the gleam of 'steel— an unacbustbriied sight among those ; peaceful vineyards and orange-groves. I looked again. Yea ! along the higb-road, half a mile away, slowly moved; through a cloud of dust; the glancing points of many bayoriets. As. jet a Btpne wall hid the : soldiers, but they soon1 emerged^, a small column of the white-uniformed Austriansi escorting two carta, on which we're bpufifl several' dark-clad figures, that- 1 easily guessed to be' those, of, prisoners-i-Bome poor Italians, no doubt, ' iii . trouble for smuggling or desertion.' I went on, but some impulse bftdii' made me turn my head tb watch the glitter of arms and the hot haze of dust, wending slowly but surely towards the town of Brescia. I pushed open the garden gate, and wound my way under the arched boughs of the loaded ' orange-trees. ThP sunbeams felj through the, in terlaoed branches and broken fragmerits;and gave a' richer glow to the ripening globes bverhea'd. I could have fancied myself Aladdin in [the magicgarden, among the jewelled fruit. My feet made little or no. sound upon the niutted woods that cairpoljed tho' path.v -'.What -is tb?at?— 'A Bbiaier'here1?;'*1'1''^' soldier it was— an Austrian .sentinel. I saw hid white coat, aiid shouldered- musket through thq . green leaves; as he: paced to' and fro before the door, humming some scrap of a wild Croatian air 03 his regular trend sounded on the marble: I came' to a dead stop dirootly. The presence' of such d porter at my host's door boded ho good to those ; within. True, I; had transgressed no law, was in' no way amenable to punishment for any political : offenoo, and yet I hesitated to advance. In a despotio country, men soon learn to look with mis* ' tvnst upon tho tools of power. , What had oocurred? In vain I tried to quiet my' !. norvns. I foltthi-t miafortni.o liad fallen upon tho ' -house whero wo had been bo cordially welcome; As I stood motionless, I felt a light touch on mv arm. Assunta was beside me, pale, her face stained with tears, but with courage and resp- ( lution in her bright eyes. She glided up to me like a ghost, and I winced when she touched me. . 'Come,' she whispered — ?? come ; we cannot safely speak so near that sentinel. In the grotto, we shall g| be beyond earshot.' Almost mechanically I T i i ' e There was an air of unreality— to an i Uh mind, at least-^about the whole affair ; but fur the moment I was content to be passive, and I followed my fair guide, vainly puzzling my brains as to the enigma that her words implied. 