TABLE TALK. VOLU-NTEER RIPLE CorPs.-We would direct attention to the public meeting on Friday next, at the Town Hadl, the Mayor presiding, for the formation of a Volusteer Rifle Corps. There cannlot be two opinions as to the expediency of the umovement, and from the character of those who have initated it, we have tio doubt that it will be carried out with energy. The enrolment will take place at the termination of the meeting. BANWEVoLEET AsYLux.-The committee met at 12 noon in the Town Hall, IMr. E. Manning, in the chair. 'lThe Superinten dent reported for the week, 19 males, three females. Required two pairs flan nel drawers.-Ordered. The following payments were ordered £22 2s. 5d. Lane and Osborne; £11 Os. 9d. I. Mlichael; H. Smith and Co., £6 Is.; Secretary, £6 5s.; Superintendent, £25; Surgeon, £30; C. F. Crouch, and Co, £50; WV. Brown, £7 19s. Sd; Geo. Wilson, £22 7s. 1Od.; out-door relief, £4 Gs. Gd. TIlE CO13MERCIAL BANK or AUST.LLCA. -The share list of "The Commercial Bank of Australia, Limited," as we per ceive by Advertisenmnt, will close on Thursday. the 31st instant, at noon, and iinmediatxly thereafter the Allotment of Sliares will take place. how SHALL THE. lD nE PLnCEaD ?-A tphyician at Madgeburg, Dr. Julius von den Fischweiler, just dead, asserts in his will ;,t hist o:n great age, 109, is entirely to be ,-cribed to the con.tanut habit of sleeping with his head towards the normt, aun the rest of hi; body in a direction coinciding as rlou-ly as pousible with that of the meridian,, that i', wi, h his lrels to the south. From per tinting in this habit the doctor co?sidere dv tiche iron conlaimrd inl our system, finding it.ill in Ihte dirrciken of the magnetic'currePts which are coiotantly flowing over ths surflice of the glole towards tae NrthPule, becomen mnaglnti-cd, and thbus ilncreas? the eaery of he vital princil,,e. Without at' all under -Lua.linig t.si', or assetin', v'e know well of per,on a vs o caninut leegs s.lCes the bed be ,l.accd north and south, and it may not be u-ele-e to enqirire a ?ul tile observ ations of others oi this poinlt a;ve beco. Persols who find themselves rtstless .nd nnablo to tieep, inight aight try the effect of chunging the ositiuo of toe Isid.-Bdildlr. A GaosT Sony.- -Old Ballaratians will remember Mr. IIasleham, who, in the early days of Bellarat, (say the Star) / r was correspondent for the Melbourne Ilerald, and a writer for other journals, adi who, during the Eureka stockade affair, received a wound in the arm, (leg 'it should he, Ed. P. Gin.,) from a stray e bull-" at that encounter. It will be re d nembLur-.l, also, that. it was reported here (and if we mistafke not, as from an Eng li h paper), that Mr. Haslehanm had died L shortly after his riutatr to England, after unrideroin' an operation for the extrac tion o the b ill frn hisuera( leg). The sub e joined extract from a letter just ree, ivac e from Mauche-ter, by a member of the tar staff, will, however, show that Mr. Iiaslehacnt is, probab tby, still living. -We sthould prem?iss that the writer of th, Sletter hail. ini a previous lett~er, stated \- that he had seen MIr. ia?lleharm, and in reply to that statement the member of our staff referred to had said his corres pondent must have seen Mr Hasleham's \- ghost, as that gentleoman was dead, The eatract is as follows :-"I wasso cunvirned that I was right, that I resolved to speak to his ghostship the first opportunity. My courage failed me on several occa s1ots. At leungt (1 benive Ii, w.s in \- August, 18641) I mlet it cimiug out of the Examiner and Times office. IReco vering my breath, I touched it on the arm. It turned round, and I said, r 'I think I have seen you before ?' Ghost \-- Very likely.' I-' Were you ever at B3allarat ?' -Ghost-' Yes ' I --' Your name is llaslehain 1' Ghost-' Yes.' I \--I don't know that I have ever spoke to you before, but I knew yon through being with 3Mr. Levey, of the Herald.' Ghost ' Ah yes, I know 31r. Levey : he is now on the Argus (?)' I than told it how oftent I had seen it; that I had written to you. Did he know you 1 Ghost-' Oh yes a \- on the Star. I related your answer, anud when I mentioned that, in undergoing the operation, he sank under it, the ghost hooked rather grave, but said,' No, not quite so bad as that.' A few cunnmoln place remnarks enlded our iuterview, and it vanished rouad one corner, and I round an:other. Nw, what must I think I Is it all an allusion, or is the laugh against you instead of agairnst Ilme I At alny rate, here lIalehant is alive, and, alparently, well 1 saw hin yesterday going froue town, bs',k in hand, with that peculiar twist in his walk." The familiars of Mr. IHasleham will no tbe at a loss to recognise the des cription of "Imok in hand" and the " pe culiar twist it his walk." It is hardly necessary for us to add that we are glad to hear of his survival, both of the operation and of the ugly report, and trust le may live a long while to refute so very unw-el come - rulllur. AccuarUtsATIro. .-The council of the Acclilnatisatiout Society, ays the Argou of \Vedme',lay, mtit-e as usual yesterday. Pre sent--Dr. Mueller, Pl'rfessor 3M'ioy, lColonel Champ, M r. F. S, Dobsoji, and 31c. A. P'rchas. A letter was read front Dr. Olfficer, giving full anecunt, ,f all connectued with the -altuon ova ; but as we have al ready 'nublished thle particulars we need not rceleat them. Dr. Oflicer concludes by saying :--" Th'le loss of all the brnwu trout ova is 'of little importance. I believe that ill the course of the present evinter we shall derive al nemple supply frie uti oesv Wiel." Votes of thanlks were passed by the Uoun cil to C.'omnatmulder Norman, Captin Charlo tosn,PIMcsrs. J. A. Yotul, Edward Wilson, It. rtamiuuu,?ttinom, Westall Iaamsltuttm, T'houmas J,olhtun, muld - Miller, for tie aid which they have rendered to the society i'n so sue ces-fully in'trl!nciug the ova. A letter was read fri-im M3ajor MLichael, of .Madras, saying he hal se1-lt hlowni three pairs of julngle fowl ti, the society. The secretary reported that une pair had arrived by the mail steamer, the others having perished on the voyage. The superintendent reported the birth of a Saumbur fawn and an Antgora ewe kid., S.Tue GnaiitT Rs3Tar.-The Argus of the -19th t~ays :-The favourite steamship Great Britain, Captain Gray, received her passengers and gold yesterday, and sails at daylight this morning for Liverpool direct. She takes over 620 passengers-the largest number ever carried by aniy vessel from this port. This number, we believe, could have been largely increased if room could have been fiound for the applicants for pas sage;, and the fiact is a reunarkable proof of the lpupularity of the unrivalled old. ship and her oficers. The gold she carries ex ceeds £400,000. ill value. A very large number of friends accompanied Mr. O'Shanmassy to the ship toa bid him farewell SYMPATHY WrrnrBTHI OVERo.---A meet-It ing of tle iinhbditarlts of Castlemnailne and neighbo,,rhoi wa<s held om Mlonulay eveniag lasiiu thle Theatre RIoyal to express their sy mpathy with Sir. C. D-rlirg. Thle build. hug e's well tillhd i all prt! (says tie Al. A. ail)' there bcing-f.f6 500 to 100 present. On the platform we nioticed Mlessra. llindon, Longmore, and Farrell, lI. L. A. 's several lmelmbers of the Ctnreils ot Casutlemaine and I surrounuding boroughs' end olther gentlemen, N-OTICE. TO RATEPAYES.-s.W would direct the attention of ratepayers to an advertisement under the hand of the Secretary of the Portlandshiro Council, intimating that courts of Petty Sessions for the hearing of appeals against assess. ,uents will be held at Digby on Wednes. day the 30th, and Bancholme on Thurs day, 31st inst. A.: METEra.-" A very large motoor I was observed on Saturday night last, at t Ararat, which, forsizeand brilliancy," says the Advertiser, " appears to be unsurpassed a by any similar phenomenon that has t lately been seen in this part of tile dis- t trict. The meteor was first olbserved I about the zenith, from whence it tra-.I t versed the sky to the horizon in a a north-westerly direction. When first I seen it did not appear to be much larger e? than what is generally known a falling a star, but as it approaohed the horizon it j! incrbased greatly in size and brilliancy, Ieaving behind it on its course a long train of blue fire that was visible for some time, and scattering thousands of luminous stars of a similar colour." Rr?rccD PosrAGE.--If our Thursday's issue it was announced that a change hd been affected from 4d. to 2d in the ratel of postage fur inland letters The Arg? e of the 17th has the followitg :-A bill to amend the Post-of&ix; Act, 1865, was passed through all its stages in the Legislative :.ssembly last night, and will this evening be presented for the culsideration of the CounciL The maiin changes contained in the measure are the suhstitution of a uniform inlaid single rate of 2. for that of 4d. now prevailing, and the grauting to Govern ruent power to pay into the consolidated revenue the sums received in the post-offce savings bauks. Exa~ImTIo OP Ma Sia WooL-iThe ArJus of Thursday says :-A meeting of the committee for the universal exhibition of merino wool was held yesterday at the Australasian . oul Stores; present-M-r. Thomas Learnuuuth, of Ercildoun (in the chair), Mr. Philip -ItulU, Mr. A. g Itbertson, Mr. Thomas Shaw, Mr. William Cunming, Mr. George Caoming, and Mr. Win. Macredie. It was resolved :-l. That, inasmuch as a suns of £1,000 at least will be required to cover the coat of prizes and other expenses, a subscription. list be at once opened, and that Mr. Mac. redie be requested to act as treasurer. (The gentlemen present agreed to subsceribe £25 each.) 2. That the following gentle. men be requesated to act upon the commit tee, vi. :-The Hon. W. Degraves, Mr. George Cunmming, and Mr. John Comming, of Darlington; Mr. Matkerey, of Caven dish; Mr. Chas. Ollicer, of MoHe t Talbot; Mr. J. L Currie, of Lara; Mr. Adam Smith, of Apsley; Mr. Robert Sioseon, of La igi, Kalkal; Mr. C. IL Macknight of Danumdre; .1lr. John Winter, jut., of Col binabbiu. 3. That His Majesty the Em peror of the French be requested togive his support in carrying out the objects of the exhibitio n. Tassx.Lt.5r Fix.--The Geelong fRe gister states that "since the announcement of the estalishmaunt of the Bllarine steam flnx mill, the proprietor, Mr. M'Andrew, has bad numerous offers from Tasmania to supply flax straw ; and in one or two in-. stances the proposition hasa been made to,. grow it there and ship it to 3Jr. 31'Andrew in any quantity for dressing." . : to , . m m? u - : 