THE VICTOBIAN VOX POPULI. Since wo last directed the attention of oar readers to Victorian politics that mercurial article has passed through many transforma tions. The Assembly, which for nine months took the whole burden of legislation on its own shoulders, and treated the Upper House as a fortuitous appendage to the Constitution, no longer exists. The Government, which studiously insulted the Upper House afore said, which '.conspired with one Charles Darling,' and on its own authority imposed three different tariffs within as many days, all for the public good, has appealed to the public for a verdict on its stewardship. The two great parties into which Victorian society is now divided have fought over again on the. hustings the life struggle which they could not decide in the Senate. The Downing- street oracle has also made some ominous ^deliverance, or instal ment of a deliverance, upon the crisis. These events, all taken together, make up six weeks of very eerious history, much more serious indeed than has befallen any colony since Lord North's time, and the anti-tea eicapade in Boston Harbour. Lest the tangled akein should grow beyond the power of un ravelling, we seize it once more, and endeavour to extract from it such items as may by chro nological fitting together, give an intelligible idea of the present phase of the crisis. The last event we had occasion to refer to ww tho resuscitation of a certain Units of Entry Bill as a substitute for the popular tariff which the Upper House had twice re fused to pass. This happened on the 17th No vember, and possessed the anomalous character of being at the same time a concession and a fresh piece of arbitrariness on the part of the Government. It was virtually throwing over board the original cause of dispute, bnt only to assume one much more comprehensive. Mr. McCulloch was in this dilemma— that he could not carry through his tariff, nor could be wholly abandon it, for by certain resolutions of the Assembly he had so identified with it the Appropriation £111 that the latter could not be passed separately. In short, the As sembly had gratuitously pledged itself not to send up any Appropriation Bill to the Council uutil the fiscal difficulty had been arranged. It had tied iteelf hand and foot, and only a new Ministry or a dissolution could release it. These remedies were tried accordingly, one after the other. On the 25th November, eight days after the final rejection cf the tariff, Mr. Greeves proposed what was virtually a no confidence motion. The Ministerialists, awed no doubt by the danger of being gent back to their constituents after only a year's probation, wavered considerably, and their majority dwindled down to eleven — thirty-seven on the Government side and twenty-six on the other. Messrs. MacCnlloch and Company inferred from this that it wai high tirre to be off to the 'free and enlightened' electors. Parliament was pro rogued on the 28th of the same month, and within a day or two the electioneering cam* pagn was in full progress. From the first it waa clear that the available political force to be brought to bear on the public mind was very unequally distributed. Ihe Opposition had only one valid point in their favour, and for the bastings it was both narrow and intangible, namely, the constitu tional rights of the Upper House and the abstract sanctity of responsible government. Almost everything else was against them and in the Ministerialists' favour. The composition of the Upper House was very unpopular, and* so far as representative value was concerned, deservedly so. The tariff which had been rejected waa a veritable Magna Charta to a certain class, and its comparative moderation commended it to many more who oscillated in a kind of neutrality between the two extremes ef Free Trade and Protection. The reform of the Upper House was a fine card well played by one of the Ministers. Another made capital enough and to spare out of the Land Act, which was passed just before this controversy commenced. A third, the Premier himself, made a very opportune dis covery that the duties on tea, sugar, and coffee might be reduced with advantage, and Mrs. Caudle rushing to his standard carried him in triumphantly. This confirms the in ference from our own experience at last election, that of all dietary articles tea, sugar, and coffee have the most political influence. An Australian will pay 10 or even 20 per cent, on his slops far more willingly thau 2£ or 5 per cent, on hia congou. In the former case he thinks he is getting the ' importer' to pay hia taxes for him ; but b the latter he fears that he is being taxed both by the ' importer' and the Government. The McCulloch party were wise enough in their generation to see things like these, while the Free Trade League waB not. The latter is now blamed by its own friends for having so greatly- narrowed the question, and reduced it to a single issue. The cuckoo cry of the Constitution in danger may have been well meant, and most conscientiously vociferated,.but it fell flat on the public ear. More shrewd tacticians would have tried to raise a variety of minor issues, and to bring the question home in many different ways to the electoral bosom. Unquestionably the greatest talent and tho best logic were arrayed on the Opposition side, but they were of a kind which could have no effect at all on most of the constituencies. Before the election struggle had fairly commenced it was Been that the force of the Free Trade League was being exerted in too narrow a groove. The conse quences, though apparently astounding to the Freetraders themselves, were not so very different from what might have been expected. Over the agriculture constituencies the Freetraders had no influence whatever, and these went in a dead heap for the Government. Not until the third batch, which comprised the metropolis and suburbs, was there anything like an equal Bght, and even then the losa waa the Free traders'. To illustrate this fatuity we shall indicate the peculiar circumstances and results of the three batches. There were altogether seventy* eight seats to be filled. Of these, twenty-four were put into the first batch, comprising all the agricultural districts round the coast from Normanby (Portland) to Gipp's Land and northward to the recently u unlocked' recesses of the Wimmera. Every seat appears te have been contested, and the result was the return of nineteen Ministerialists to five Couttitu tionalists. Judged by their proportion of seats the Ministerial gain was almost four to one, but by their proportion of votes it was much less overpowering. Ihe total number who polled was 19,158, of whom the Ministerialists had 12,863 and their opponents 6,295, or hardly two to one. If we may guess at the predominant motive under which these good yeomen from Normanby to the Wimmera voted for Mr. McCulloch, it is pretty clear that the new Land Act had more to do with it than the supposed right of the Lower House to control the public purse or even than 10 per cent, duties on soft goods. The Ministry have good reason to be thankful that they had. more than one string to their bow, and next time they venture on a new breach of the Constitution, because forsooth they are the chosen of the people, and can do no wrong, let them remember that the people's choice has not been so very unanimous as the number of their following in the Lower House would lead them to believe. The second batch was much smaller than the first, comprising only ten districts, all mining. They extended from Ararat eastward through the Counties of Talbot and Eodney to tho Ovens; there was another 'interest' on which Mr. McCulloch had bestowed a special smile of patronage in remitting the export duty on gold. On the nomination day grati tude for that and other mercies was exhibited by the return of six Ministerialists unopposed. This settled three of the districts, and the remaining seven were polled for on the 15th January. Only three Opposition candidates got in, making eight in all; while of the Ministerialists other eight were successful, making fourteen out of the second batch, and nineteen out of the first — in all thirtj-three. Tho returned members still stood at four to one, while the actual votiBg was as three to two. The third and last batch comprehended all the boroughs in the colony from East and West Melbourne to the Murray townships, which wear corporate honours in their very cradles. There were twenty ona of them altogether, returning thirty seven members. Seasoning a priori, we Bhould take the results in this case aa the most reliable and comprehensive expression of public opinion. Urban constituencies are always most intelligent in their views and least liable to be biassed by local influences. Then what did the boroughs reply to Mr. McCulloch's appeal? They gave him an addition of twenty-five to his already handsome following y thirty-three, and bis opponents twelve ^to their former modest eight. This brought down the proportion of Ministerialists to rather less than three to one, viz., fifty-eight to twenty. But the true verdict of the public, aa taken from the polling-lists, showed a very Blight majority for the Government on all the three batches — 17,629 votes against 15,329 of the Opposition. To bring the comparison still nearer an equality, the Government lost one of its 'able lawyers,' Mr. Michie, at St Kilda. It was rumoured that a Mr. Burtt, on whom Fate had smiled in West Melbourne, was to sacrifice himself in Mr. Michie'a stead. Should this not prove correct, the Ministry will have had to pay dearly for their mob of rustic dummies. For such a game as theirs Mr. Micbie's impudence was indispensable. The English Mail fob Febboaby.— In conse quence of thiB being a short month, and the 25th falling on a Sunday, the English mail will close at midnight of the 24th inst Mb. Thomas McEllisteb.— We understand that the unfavourable report of the Court of Enquiry, to which we lately referred, has led to Mr. Thomas McEUister's dismissal from the public service. His successor in the Real Property Office has not yet been appointed, but we believe that there are already numerous applications for the post The salary is £260 per annum. A 'Wealthy Beggab.— On Saturday afternoon Police-constable Badman took into custody a German named Carl Senert on a charge of vagrancy and begging. He had successfully solicited alms at various houses in Glenelg, and on being searched, was found te have a tolerable hoard of money on his person. A bag hanging round his neck, under his blue shirt contained about 5s. worth of silver and copper; and under an inner shirt was a belt, In which were £2 15s. 8d. in silver, the bag being evidently the receptacle of his day's earnings, and the belt a place of greater security for jus accu mulated wealth. He had also a book in which gome few persons had entered their contributions. He will be brought before the Stipendiary Magis trate in Adelaide this morning. Funeral of the Late Mb. J. Cox.— The remains of the late Mr. John Osx, whose death pas recorded in our issue of Saturday, February 3, irere interred in the West-terrace Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was much respected by a large circle of friends and ac quaintances. He was connected with several of the Friendly Societies, and representatives from the United Tradesmen's Lodge, the Harmony, the Concord Masonic Ledges, and the Loyal Albion Lodge, LO.O.F., M.U., and others, followed his remains to the grave. About 50 of the brethren from the United Tradesmen's Lodge, including Worshipful Master Saver, P.M. Dr. Whitteu, Fiveash, Iindrum, and others assembled at the Masonic Hall, Bundle- street, and afterwards formed procession at the deceased's residence, Chester- street Grenfell-street from which the cortege started at 3 o'clock, preceded by Schroder's Instrumental Band, followed by a long train of vehicles and pedestrians, which must have numbered several hundreds. Around the grave a vast concourse of sorrowing friends assembled. W.M. Sayer conducted the solemn ceremony of the Masons, and the usual rites of tne Oddfellows Lodge, of which the deceased was a member, were performed by a member of that body. The Eev. N. Bennett Wesleyan minister, officiated at the grave, and gave a short but im pressive address. On the way to the Cemetery the band played the Dead March in 'Said?' which added greatly to the solemnity of the occasion. The procession returned to town about 5 o'clock, at which time the excessive heat of the day had slightly moderated. The deceased was a colonist of 21 years standing, and a servant of the Cor poration for a period of nine years, having been overseer of works for five year3, and manager of the City Baths for four years. He leaves a widow -ut no family. Among those who attended the funeral were His Worship the Mayor, the City Surveyor, and all the officers of the Corporation. The arrangements for the funeral were very creditably conducted by Mr. Oliver Eankine, of Wakefield-street. Swimming Pbize.— We understand from Mr. C. S. Cockburn, Acting Treasurer of the South Australian Swimming Club, that Mr. C. E. Tidemann intends offering a prize at the annual swimming matches in March next, of the value of five guineas, to be swam for by German youths under the age of 18— the prize to be a silver cup or watch, at the option of the winner. Mr. Bastard, the lessee of the Baths, appears to be doing all he can to promote the art of swimming, and we believe he intends ottering peculiar facilities to any German youths who may wish to practise with a view to competing for Mr. Tidemann's prize. Insolvency Court.— In the Insolvency Court on Saturday, in the case of J. Martin, His Honor the Commissioner ordered, after a long argument on the subject, that the sum of £120 held by Edward Martin, should be paid to the assignees. In the case of J. M. Henderson, an order was made for the production of the insolvent's books by Mr. Boucaut on the payment of his bill of costs, when taxed by the Official Assignee, out of the first moneys received from the estate. Adelaide Police Coobt.— A man. brought up on a 'charge of lunacy, appeared to have been labouring under a fit of intemperance. He was dismissed, and a caution was addressed to the in' 'nrniant jrjvixx a ii.tr i. — v/u oaLuiu&y;, a ma iiamcu jas. Williams, while having a dip in the City Baths, had his trousers pocket robbed of 13s., which had been in it prior to entering the water. We have heard complaints of other similar petty depreda. tions, which certainly should have the effect of putting both the keeper and the bathers on their guard. Accident. — A serious accident occurred on Sunday evening, February 4, at Kent Town. An elderly man, whose name we understand to be Severn, and who lives at Kensington, was driving his wife and family towards town in a spring-cart when sharply turning a corner near the Wesleyan Jubilee Church, at a very rapid pace, the cart capsized and threw the whole of its occupants violently into the road. The horse dragged the vehicle on its side some little distance down the road and on to the footpath, where it ran into the fence and fell down, but was got Up without it or the trap being at all damaged. The passengers, however, were found to have fared badly. On raising Mr. Severn from the ground it was seen that his ancle was dislocated, besides his body being severely shaken; and his little boy, abou^ six or eight years old, had one of his legs broken. A large number of persons assembled around the spot, and assistance was quickly rendered the sufferers, who were placed in a vehicle and at once driven home for medical attendance, Dr. Scott, of Kensington, having been sent for. Four other persons in the cart at the time of the capsize le ceived no injury except a slight shaking. St. Matthew's Church, Kensington. — The Lord Bishop performed the ceremony on Sunday evening of consecrating the chancel lately added to St. Matthew's Church, Kensington. There was a pretty numerous congregation. The in cumbent of the church— the Kev. E. Jenkins read the lessons, and His Lordship then delivered an impressive discourse from Hebrews ninth chapter 24th verse. In the morning services in connection with the above took place. There was a fair attendance. The Eev. E. Jenkins preached an excelled sermon from the 84th Psalm, first and second verses. The collections amounted in the agipegate to between £7 and £8. The Fijian Mission.— A missionary address was delivered before several Sunday Schools of various denominations at the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street on Sunday afternoon, by the Eev. J. Calveft late of Fiji. There was a very large assemblage of persons present, consisting prin cipally of school children, attended by their parents and friends. The rev. gentleman clearly described the present state of the good work in those islands. A great number of natives, he said, are being educated as teachers at institu tions formed for the purpose. Devoutness and steadfast adherence to Christianity were manifested by the numerous converts. There are now in the Fijian group 12 missionaries, 34 native mis sionaries, 900 local preachers, 1,400 class teachers, 17,000 church members, 4,000 on trial for church members, 80,000 hearers, and 36,000 in school. The address, which was of a very instructive nature, was listened to throughout with profound atten tion. A collection on behalf of the mission was made at the conclusion. Methodist New Conkexisn Church. — The first anniversary of the Methodist New Connexion Church in Franklin-street, was commemorated on Sunday, February 4, when services were held in the church. In the morning the Rev. Clement Linley, from Melbourne, preached an impressive discourse from the 20th verse of the General Epistle of Jude-'But ye beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost' The Kev.W. Taylor, from California, preached in the afternoon from a portion of the 10th verse of the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle of John — ' Herein is love.' In the evening the Eev. C. Linley again discoursed from Phillipians L 21, ' For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.' There were very good congregations in the morning and even ing, and in the afternoon the sacred building was filled to overflowing. The collections made at the services amounted in the aggregate to about £30 The commemorative tea meeting will take place this evening in the Philosophical Hall, Gouger. street, and will be followed by a public meeting in the Franklin-street Church, when addresses will be delivered.by various ministers. The Drought.— Last evening the Kev. James Jefferis, of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, delivered a discourse having a special reference to the drought that has visited these southern lands. He chose for his text Psalm zL 5. Having referred to the remarkable combination of Gospel truths contained in the Book of Psalms and to the statement of Mr. Gladstone in his recent address at Edinburgh, noticed in our columns a few days ago, that the Psalms of David were superior in composition to the works of all the Greek philosophers heaped together, he entered upon his subject by stating that most if not all the eminent writers of modem times pro fess a solemn reverence for God, and acknowledge in a general sense that he is the ruler of the universe, but at the same time asserting that all things that happen are but the result or deve. opment of law. To this the preacher demurred. He asserted his belief that not a blade of grass grew nor a flower blossomed but was the special result of God's thought With reference to the drought he stated that much of it was due to our sin of overworking the powers of nature. If men will pasture 20 sheep where there is only feed for 10- and if farmers will grow corn for 20 years in suc cession on the same land, it is only a righteous retribution if the flocks should die and the harvest should fail, He did not profess, like many persons, to be able to answer in a direct manner the question 'Why is the drought sent?' but he saw enough in the history of us as a people to demand humiliation before God on account of it, and from the appearance of rain in the other colonies, he thought the worst had past; and this, combined with our prosperity in other directions, was an occasion for thankfulness that judgment had been tempered with mercy. The discourse was marked by the preacher's usual earnestness and eloquence, and was listened to with great attention by a-large audience. Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Chobch.— The morning and evening services at Kent Town Jubilee Church on Sunday, February^ were con ducted by the Eev. W. Taylor, when collections were made towards a fund now being raised to liquidate the debt incurred \n enclosing the church and grounds, and erecting stabling accommodation for the horses of those who reside at a distance. In the morning Mr. Taylor preached from Acts I 8— 'But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you,' && In the evening he discoursed from the words :— ' As I live saith the Lord God, 1 have no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that he should turn again and live.' The congregation was large in the morning, hut in the evening the building was crammed to suffocation, and numbers were obliged to leave, being unable to obtain Beats. A public meeting will be held this evening for the further ance of the object, when Mr. Taylor and others will deliver addresses, 