A SLIGHT MISTAKE. Their mother, the Countess of Harrington, than whom a moro amiablo lady did not exist, was perhaps a little too stiff for tho youth of her day, and as sho was tho quintcssenco of propriety and polished manners, sho naturally looked for those qualities in all her relatives, especially those nearest and dearest to her. Punctuality was also a great feature in her ladyship's character. Upon tbo occasion I allude to, Lord Petersham had requested that breakfast might bo on tho tablo at an earlier hour than U9ual, and tho Countess was ready at the moment to do tho honors, but bcr son was not present. In a few minutes tbo groom of tbo chambers informed his mistress that a gen tleman had driven up. to tho door, having an appointment with tho noblo heir of tho family. " Bequest the gentleman to walk in," said her ladyship; " ho has probably come to break fast, for I know his lordship is goisg a few miles out of town." Tho sorvant seemed " taken aback," but, at tentive to liis orders, shortly returned, followed by tbo "gentleman," whoso appearance and equipage had created no little sensation in tho porter's hall. " What name shall I announce?" asked tho servant. " Oh, a friend of Lord Petersham's, Mr. ," Before tho word was uttered, tho countess came forward, and in the most refined manner apologised to tho now comer for tho rudeness of bcr son in not bofng ready, adding that perhaps ho would like somo breakfast. " Thank you, my lady," responded tho unknown, " I should like a littio, for we'vo a long drive before us." uroairtast was ordered, and on their sitting down tlio lady mado overy attempt to ascertain tho calling of her visitor, who, she fancied from his remarks, was connected in somo humblo capacity with tho army. These suspicions wero confirmed by tbo constant allusion ber companion made to tbo commissariat depart ment. Tho oquivoquo that took place, cspcei ally those that referred to foreign parts, would furnish materials for a sercamiag farce. " You havo been abroad, I presume?" asked tbo countess. "Never, my lady; it was ono of my name, no relation, that wont across tho water at bis Majesty's cxpenso. " I thought-, perhaps, you might havo served in Holland ?" she proceeded. " Your ladyship refers to tho Dutchman — Dutch—'- ' This reply was interrupted by tho cntranco of tho groom of tho chambers with the news paper, and her ladyship, asked, "What is tho hour by St. James's Chapel ?"' (Harrington Hoiiso was nt that timo- in a stablo yard, St. James's.) " Nino o'clock, my lady." At this picco of information tlio stranger started up abruptly from his chair; dropped a beautiful China cup and saucer from his hands, exclaiming, " Then, I'm blest if wo eha'n't be lato for tbo 'mill;' it comos off nt balf-past ton; and wo'vo to call in Windmill-street for tho hird's-oye fogies,- and to pick np Heavy- and-IIandy, tho fighting Lifo Guardsmen,- at tho Barracks." At this moment Lord Petersham,- accom panied by Fitzroy Stanhope; entered tho room, and at oneo saw the stato of affairs-. Tho Countess had sat down to breakfast" with Mr. William (commonly- called " Bill"); Gibbons, tho Commissary General of tho P.O., or Pugilistio Club. Lord Petersham hurried bis friend away, leaving liis brother to explain matters, and make all Bmootb: This ho accomplished with such consummate skill, such infinite good humour and Kind-heartedness, that the Countess was soon appeased and laughed heartily, or rather smiled magnificently fthon sho was informed tbat " crossing - tho wator" referred to a caso of transportation ; ntid_ that bor guest's knowledge of Holland was , limited to bis acquaintance with Diitcfi Sam. Wrr on Tomdstones.— A vast amount of wit is to be gathered from tombstones, nnd mortuary puns havo long been famous. The epitaph of tho witty diviner Dr. Thomas Fuller, -is worthy or himself, simply " fuller's earth." Thcro is a professional point in tho epitaph of tho eminent barrister, Sir John Strange — " 11ere lies an honest lawyer that is strange.' " There is something quaint and touching in this epitaph of Grimaldi, the distinguished clown — " here 1 am." Ono of tho best of tikis briefer kind was proposed by Jerrold, whoso wit did not always wear so courteous a dress. Charles Knight, tho Shaks- pcrean critic, was the subject ami tho words— "good knioiit." Professional rivalry produced this ill-natured in scription for the tomb of a Western editor— "here 'lies' an editor." It is added that tho injured man recommended tho author to uso tho inscription ns a motto for his own journal. Of historic epitaphs, tho best is this, ono, on one of Shnkspeare's actors — _"eut nVRDAGE." In a similar vein, a wit gave a couplet to Mrs. Oldfield, the most celebrated actress of her day — ; "ti118 WE must own, injustice to nER suade, 'tis the fiiist bad exit oldfield ever made." Someting of compliment is hero sacrificed to mnko the point. It is tho reverse to Malcolm's eulogy on Cawdor — "nothino in tilis life became him like the leaving of it." Tlio comedian, Fcote, takes his turn thus — "foote fnom ms earthly stage, alas I is hurled: death took him off who took of all the world." Binding a Sole. — " My friend," said tho Bov. Sydney Smith to a' cobbler who was mending hiB shoes, when the great wit was a poor curnto in Gloucestershire, "you remind me of tho sacred ordinanco of matrimony." "How-so?" quoth tho cobbler. " Because you bind two soles together in unity 1" Substance and Shadow. — A follow went to tho parish priost, and told him, with a long face, that he had seen a ghost — " When and where ?" said the pastor. " Last night," replied tho mnn," I was passing by tbo church, and up against tbo wall of it I did behold tho spectre!'' "In what shape did it appear?" asked tho priest. "Itap-. peorcd in tho Shapo' of a great ass." " Go homo, and hold your tonguo about it," rejoined tho pastor; " you aro a very timid man, and have been fright ened by your own shadow." No Honey— In Kentucky, General Nelson ' strictly prohibited depredations upon tho property of citizens by his troops, and a committeo was ap pointed to inquire if any offences bad been com mitted. In making bis return, one Joo Forman, a member of tho committee, reported that there had been no loss sustained except "two bee-hives nnd a chicken without any honey in it." Snm Owens, tho schoolmaster, who was on the com. ituv?' "rrcctel1 'j10 '"port. so ns to mnko it rend, _ _»» ith tho exception Ot n chicken nnd fwn Lnn_ 1 raves, the former containing nohoney."— American t Papers roowooMUA. Queensland— Printcdnnd published by V. Hunt, Proprietor, at tlio office of the " Too- WOOMBA ClIaONlCLE AND QUEENSLAND ADVERTISED " James- street, August 20, 18GG. ' 