COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. CIRCULAR HEAD. (From our own Correspondent.) Nov. 3. The Stanley Band have just completed a series of concerts, commencing on Monday, the 29th October, the 31st, and Friday, the 2nd-instant, to full houses; and as I had the advantage of being present the first evening, I cannot allow the opportunity to pass without adding my testimony to the commendations already given as to the proficiency and great progress made by the several gentlemen composing the Band under the leadership of Mr. Adam Clerke, whose attainments in that delightful branch of education are of a deservedly high order, both as regards his proficiency upon every instrument, as well as in that of a composer of music. Amongst those recently brought out may be mentioned the "Huntsman March," the "Cuckoo March," and many other pieces composed within the last week or two. The two former I heard played by the Band on Monday evening, and the imitation of the hunter's horn in the first- named piece was faithfully rendered, and elicited considerable applause. That beautiful piece of music named "Come where my love lies dreaming," was admirably played to an attentive audience, who appeared to appreciate fully the extent of its popularity; indeed I the composer of it will live in the memory of thousands for the pleasure afforded to every listener, reminding one of Quentin Durward's "Young Countess," or "Flora M'Ivor," or even "Diana Vernon," or any other poetical creation that music tends so much to bring into reality. Upon looking over the programme it will be seen that a number of songs both sentimental and comic were introduced; amongst the latter, by Mr. Edward R. Brown, "Billy Barlow," and a nigger song, both of which were admirably sung with a great amount of humor, the first containing a number of verses bearing especial reference to the elections and Mr. John Davies. The latter song was introduced in character, that is with a true blackened face, showing any amount of white teeth and moveable eyeballs. I now subjoin the programme for the first night, and I hear that the second and third evening's entertainments were equally commendable:- Ring the Banjo-Band; duet-Mr. Clerke and Mr. J. Ferguson; Stanley March-Band ; song, The Battle and the Breeze-Mr. Hardwick; flute solo, selections from Norma-Mr. Clerke; Come where my Love lies Dreaming-Band; song, Johnny Sands-Mr. Clerke; Cuckoo March- Band; song, Just before the Battle, Mother-Mr. Clerke;: march, Gentle Annie--Band; song, Billy Barlow--Mr. E. Brown. Interval of fifteen minutes. Foresters-Band; song, Death of Nelson-Mr. J. Ferguson, jun.; the Huntsman March-Band; song, Tight Little Island-Mr. Clerke ; nigger song-Mr. E. Brown; The Heart that feels no Sorrow- Band ; quartet, Let me Kiss him for his Mother--Messrs. Clerke, Ferguson, Brown, and Smith; song, British Lion-Mr. Clerke; quadrille, Ramsgate Sands Band; finale, God Save the Queen-Band. The juvenile band also made its appearance for the second time-composed of boys ranging from seven years old to 14, who have been lately taught to play upon small flutes; and it is satisfactory to note the progress made by them. Upwards of sixty persons, I am told; are at present engaged in the study of music. So much for Stanley, and all honor to Mr. A. Clerke for his devotion to his studies, and to the gentlemen who have application for the cultivation of music. Upon another occasion I will notice the Sunday choir, composed of the young ladies of this community, for the English Church service, whose proficiency already bears favorable comparison with the singing at either the New Town Church or the Cathedral of Hobart Town. I have just been furnished with the programme of the second and third evening, which I now subjoin:- Second Evening. March of the Riflemen-Band; song, Have you seen the Ghost-Mr. Clerke; polka, the Sultans- Band; song, Pat and the Pig-Mr. Clerke; Some Folks--Drum and fife band; march, Ellen Bayne-Band; song, White Squall -Mr. Hardwick; Prairie Flower, quartette for one cornet and three horns; song and chorus, Married to a Mermaid-Mr. Clerke; schottische, the Birthday-Band. Interval of fifteen minutes. Polka, La Fille du Regiment--Band; song, Cottage by the Sea-Mr. Ferguson; polka, the Boy's Own-Both bands; song, Paddle your own Canoe-Mr. J. Ferguson; selection from the Farewell-Band; song, Oh, Erin my Country Mr. Clerke; polka, the Ratcatchers-Band; song, Over the Wall-Mr. J. Ferguson; march, Ole Bob Ridley- Band; finale, God save the Queen-Band. Friday, Nov. 2. Circular Head Polka- Band; song, Caledonia -Mr. Ferguson; Postman's Knock-Band; song, Bound Prentice to a Coasting Ship-Mr. Hardwick; Garryowen-Band; song, When other Lips-Mr. Ferguson; polka, the Boy's Own Drum and fife band; song, Kiss me Quick-Mr. Clerke; Carnival of Venice-Band. Interval of fifteen minutes. Indian Drum-Band; song, Polly Perkins-Mr. Clerke; selection from Mr. Clerke's Farewell, by particular request-Band; Bombardon solo, Kathleen Mavourneen-Mr. Clerke; march, Cheer Boys Cheer-Drum and fife band; Bonnie Dandee-Band; song, the Pilot-Mr. Hardwlck; march; See the Conquering Hero-Band; finale, God save the Queen- Band. 