THE PARIS EXHIBITION OF 1S67. According to 6Otue affecting revelation* made recently ot Government House, our litile colony never ' felt so small' as in the person of Mr. John T. Bagot at the Dublin lix'iibition. lhat was certainly a contrast to what it felt in the person of Mr. irancis Stacker Dutton at the London Exhibition of 1862\. Perhaps we got surfeited with glory in the metropolis; the flittering attention of the Prince of Prussia may have drawn our eyes eastward away from Dublia Bay; or perchance our triumphs in soap aud Bilk dressed flour were so complete that we deemed further competition useless — too condescending, in fact, toward the fari naceous inferiority of the old world. But whatever tho cause, the fact is certain that South Australia was ' nowhere' in the Dublin Exhibition, and Mr. John T. Basot had to undergo Borne very painful mi croscopic sensations in consequence. This is much to be regretted, not only fur Mr. Bagot's sake, but for oura, and our worthy Governor's, whose national pride, unobtrusive as it is, must have suffered considerably from the omission. As far as the colony is concerned there con b3 little doubt that its reputation would have benefited by proper representation in Dublin— benefited even more than in the metropolis itself. In the Noah's Ark at Brompton, the colonies— though among the most creditable exhibitors, considering their aee. development, and population — were in reality almost smothered under the pro digality of wealth displayed by their elder rivals. It was for them hardly & fair competition; and taken as au advertising medium the part they played in it was not unlike that of the 'House To Let' or the ' Situation Wanted' in the thirtieth column of the Times.' Their surroundings were too much for them. At smaller Exhibitions, like those in Dublin and Manchester, they have a far better chance of adequate appreciation. The Cockney doctrine i3 that there i3 but one city worth seeing in the world, and Bow Bell* is its centre. He knows nothing of any foreigu country exeppt through panoramic views at the Polytechnic or the Colosseum, given alternately with 'Pepper's Ghost' or 'Any Other Man.' As for the colonies ho hss ' heerd' that they produce gold in nuzgets, and that Hunt aud Roskell make it all up into brooches for the nobility. In his own wide circle he seeB such a variety of things every day that he comes to regard them as the aum of the univene, 'beyond which there can be nothing worth the trouble of seeing or thinking about. Provincials visiting London fall, for a time, under tbe influence of the same idea. The vaBtnesa of the metropolis over powers them, and they have not a thought for the outer world of which London is but a microcosm. No foreign nation of less im portance than France or America can obtain a patronising glanca lrom mem. ino colonies they know only as places beyond sea— a know ledge in which Australia, Pitcairn Island, and the Eock of Gibraltar figure side by side. This vexatious self-satisfied stolidity affects all classes of^Londoners ; even the journalists who ought to counteract the evil are deeply in fected with it. Fifty years ago John Bull showed his national prrjudice in the belief that Frenchmen lived solely on froga. Now he his abandoned that, and adopted in its stead a coloniil pre judice, which gives the Australians credit for growiag nothing but wool and eating nothing but damper. This Cockney element, which neutralized much of the good the London Exhibition of 1862 might have done iSr the colonies, is absent in such a place as Dublin. The Irish capital is not so exclusively taken up with 'admirin' of herself' as to overlook her visitots. She is gifted with a refined taste in matters of art, and her society as a whole is one whose good opinion would be worth some thing. Her Exhibition was a great success ; while the Brompton oce, if not exactly a failure, was not found to deserve a very fluttering epitaph. The colonies which exhibited at Dublin wera well appreciated, and obtained a reasonable proportion of prizes at the hands of much stricter Judges than those of 1S62. Tho result was such as to encourage future appeals to the?e Industrial Areopagi. The next will be made at Paris in 1S67, and, judging from the temper of the gentlemen who met; at Government House on Saturday, South Australia is not likely to be left 'nowhere' again. It will be seen from our report that a General Committee hasbeenforroed,and has divided itself into work ing Committees ; that the plans have~been dis cussed and arranged for putting in immediate operation; that everybody ia enthusiastic and unanimous, everything hopeful and encouraging. In short, the good example of 1862 is to be imitated, with this difference, that the expenditure is to ba even more liberal, and the researches of the Sub-Committees to be even more extensive. Judging from the preparations bei?g made in Paris for tbe accommodation of exhibitors, it is certain that no trouble they can take will be thrown away. The buildinsr, or rather the improvised town, in which the Exhibition is to take place has already had over three years' labour spent upon it, and to that a year and a half more will be added ere it is finished. Tbe Commissioners, acting under the immediate superintendence of the Emperor, Lave dis played all the energy and tact of a French man's nature when in pursuit of a novel ides. The Exhibition, instead of being compressed under ope roof, and hetsmed in by quarter miles of dead gaol wall, as was the case with the Brompton Boilers, will be spread over an open park, to which by means of planting and artificial ornamentation the appearance of an international fete will bo eiveu. and not merely of a vast shop-window display. The ruling principle with tbe Commissioners seems to be to place everything as nearly as possible in accordance with its original circumstance?. Agricultural implements will be ranged around an improvised homestead, and opportunity given to bIiow their natural action. Minerals will be accompanied by models showing tbe geological formation of the country from which they have been obtained. Furaiture will be set out in real salons to enable Madame to appreciate the effect they would have in real life. Besides improvements in arrangement there will also be some additional sections. The idea, initiated in 1862 of measuring the educational progress of the world by a display cf schoolbooks, methods and objects of instruction, &c;, will be developed so aa to illustrate also th-j progress of literature aud pure science. This in teresting result is to be attained by a series of reports, three *in number— the first on the mathematical, physical and natural sciences $ the second on the moral and political icieaeee ; and the third on literature, M. Duruy the Minister of Puolie Instruction, announcesthat he has already secured tbe assistance of emi nent men for carrying out his plans, »o that tho Exhibition of 1867 is lilaly to be a land mark in the mental as well us in the material history of mankind. Until the circular of the French Commis sioners has in lome form been made publio it will be impossible to enter further into details. We may observe, however, that through the courtesy of Mr. Deering, Clerk to the General Committee, we have obtained a hasty glance at the abovj document, which enables us to git e the followiag as ths classification of txhiDits that has been adopted : — Each country is to hsve a section to itself, divided into ten groups (in honour, we suppose, of the decimal syst«iD), and these again iuto ninety- five classes. Tho list of groups is made up — First, of works of art ; second, apparatus and appliances cf the liberal arts; third, furni ture; fourth, clothing; fifth, product?, raw and manufactured; sixth, instruments; seveuth, food, fresh and preserved; eighth, livo products ; ninth, models of agricultural and other establishments; tenth, objecls for improving the moral and physical condition of tho people. All exhibits are to ba admitted under bond at the principal porti of the king dom, aud every assistance will be rendered to exhibitors ut the close of the Exhibition in the disposal of their good*. 