OPENING OF THE EXHIBITION AT 3MELBOURNE. (Continued from our last.) MACHINERY AND I MPLEMENTS. In noticing the machines and implements exhibited, it will be the most convenient arrangement to begin with the engines which drive the mnohinery shown in motion. These are two of Clayton and Shuttleworth's portalle engines, lodged under shedls in the north quadrangle. One is of 10.horso power, and its only task is to work a 'centritugal pump, which throws into the air a stream of water said to be'equal to fifteen'tons in a minute, which, falling into a basin in the centre of the quadrangle, is again thrown up by the pump, so long as the engine is kept in motion. This pumping apparatus is exhibited by Mr.Wright. Only fivo or six horse power is required to' work the pump, so that the engine has ao easy time of it. The other engine is of 120. horse power; and by moaons of a driving belt carried through the wall, and driving shafts and drams carried along the roof of the north wing, it gives motion to the several machines to be described. The two engines are shown by Mesare. Wilkie, Welch, and Co.; and the connexionswere fitted by the artificers of the Railway department and Mr. Wright. Entering the north wing a fine collection of implements exhibited by Mr. F. C:. Christy, locomotive superintendent of the Victorian Railways, commands attention. , First there is a loom for weaving lubricating pods for, axle boxes of carriages and waguons, both the innchine'and its product being objects'of'con; siderable interest.' The loom, which is'band some in design' and highly 'fluished, was planned and constricted in the: railway shops, Williaestown,' andit is in operationi before the eyes of the visitor,' making a kind of plush 'web'lsomething like Brussels earjipt in texture, of coiton and woollen warp and cotton weft Next in order of the railway exhibits is a 7. inch self.arting screw cutting lathi; by'Whit. worth and Co, which was yesterday seen in the not of cutting the spiral upon a male screw. The cuttitg'tool is not'held in the hand of the astendant, but'applied by themachine itself. A" twelve.oich universal shaping machine, byithe same makers, is used for clesning up castings which.are.to be used in machinery,and .which mout be,wrought with, the utmost precision.) Thas is a blautiful imiplement. It cuanoperate on either flat or curved surfaces, and indeed no castin,' whatever its shape, comes amiss to it. Beside it is a hydraelic apparatus for, testing steam' gauges up to 1801b., '130;being the highest pressaare allowed on the Govern. ment railways. Attached to it is a gauge with colonial improveoments, being.a tell-tale index hand, which records the highest pres. sure to which the boiler has been subjected, and which acts as a check' upon drivers. A 'machine for bending steel rings, by means of a long and strong lever, rather puzzl's visitors, as.few could tell by its look what the usoe of it is.. The rings so, bent retain some elasti. city, and:being: placed round the pistous of locomotive engines prevent the eseapo of steam by pressing against the sides of the cylinder in their effrt to uncoil themselves. An im portant colonial improvement in those rings, and in their application, is exhibited. Also clack -and slight valves, in gun metal ; a pateLt self.acting lubricator, which comes into use when trains are on descendinig gradients, and there is no escape of steam to keep the piston.rod moist; and an ingenious patent injector. But we cannot now spare room to describe them at length. We may mention however, that the collection is highly credit able to the skill of the mechanics in the,Rail., way department.: - A nail.making machine, exhibited by Mr. Hart, Queeon.street, we shall describe when we have seen it in motion. Next to it is a machine,:perhaps the most curious of any in the Exhibition. It is a !athe, exhibited by Mr. Williams, for turning axe-bandles, on the American pattern, and everybody knows what unlikely, subjects these are for.a turning lathe.. Still, the thing is done quite simply, and was done yesterday to the great delight of many. observers. The process is very like that by which pictures are copied in outline, whose one point describes the lines to be transferred, and a marking point, connected with the first,, follows its every motion at some little dis. tance, and so inscribes the desired lines., The oddly shaped axe-handles are turned in some. thing like the same way.. The lathe has two sets of chucks, and between the upper 'set aý mod,.l handle is fixed. Beneath, a pieceof wood of the proper size is placed, between the second pair of chucks, and as the shaped handle revolves, it so acts upon the catting instruments, incontact with the piece of na; formed wood, as to produce out of the second an exact copy of the first. Even thdsquare part of the handle, which fits into the head of the axe,'is thus turned into its proper shape. This is an American machine; and after see ing it at work it is easy to understand howin, that country shoomakers' lasts 'and wooden dolls are turned in lathes. Mr. Farrell,, of Richmond, shows a akin.splitt:ng mniaohine, which' performed with :groat;anccess. ; The skin is dragged and pressed,egainst a formid. able cutting knife, and being.kept inite place by a revolving cylinder the two surfaces are cnt apart.' We saw a tanned (but still wet) hide so split, and one' half again.,split, with apparent ease and success. It; seems one ad vantage of this process is that the piece usually shaved offby.the currier and lost, is by its means saved for use, in the form of a second sheet of leather frm one hide. . A knittine. machine by Long and:Co, Bourke.street, and a frame knitting machine by Bowley and Dean; of Latrobe-street, come next in order, 'and the latter attracted a good deal of notice; it is a stocking.m, kinc machine, improved by the exhibitors on an American model, and in ceneral appearance much more resembled a' sewing-machine than an old fashioned stick ing.frame.. A stocking was beiong made by it yisterday, the cotton being drawn from six reels, three containing whio and threocolored yarn. : So far as it goes, the instrument seems towork spiedily andil well ..but it can ionly make stocking leg, or rather tuises of cotton, like aInrgo lamp wicks. Length enough for two stockings is ksitted, and thcri the web cut in t*o and feet made out of tilhe leg mate rial-with what success we had no .olppr. unity to judge. Water engines next claim our attention, of which five are exhibited, in motion, First there is a diso engine, exhiinted by the paelntco and mnnuferturer r. Mr. Vordsworlh With as much Yen Yenn fluid ssan inch and a half pipe can supply it with, it is raid to be of about three horsepower. It was yelterday engaged in driving a printing machine, and eromed to work pleasantly and well;' --Mr SI'Kny, of Oolline.slreet, exhibits a hydraulic renotion.turbineiwith patelt TeflrOtor, and a small horizontal engine (three and a half inch cylinder)cal able of beingeastly turned into a steam from a water engine. Of printlng'mahlnes ild'prese there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with eirh:bMr ;Fawkner printed the Patriot in the early days of-Port Phillip settle. ment, looks like a ghost' among them. A mire remarkanle contrast there could hardly be than between this rude and primitiverm. plment aend tile clockwork-looking msaiches of theptre'sent day, which- almost seem as If they could produce newspapers complete with no other help than the turning of a crank handle., Messrs. Clsrson and Meseena ex. hliblt a 'ouhle.deny nacohini by'Woridale, which was seen in motion. Messrs. E. Parton mnd:Co. are the owners of an excellent litle msohino'by Woods (an Ekinlish -maker), by whioh one man can print 1,500 foolscap sheets in an haor (the work of about six men and six boys with a hand press). 'The machine is worked with a pledal. Mr. Calvert also sup plies scale pra.see and other ';materials.; But the'gem'not thile collectiori id'Mealbrs, Sands and M'Dooeail's railay":' tkett printing machinie .. It is ' a i ally beautiful' lostrue. munt, 'and seems '"tb: 'b? 'as?"good:[ as it is pr'tty, i' prints 10,000 tickets in hour, umb~iring' them in arithmetical serioes, and printing numbers on both ads'itr irequired. A very pretty spiral screw arrangement gives Iorasil mbotion'to oe o ink nc roller, by which means the-ink is squally and evenly spread over tie' rollernwhioh comie 'into contart with the typer?. It Is sel 'acting, both as-regards fecimng. and flying, and if any irregularity occurs in the eupply of onprinted tickets, 'the machinoeinvites the attention of thesatendant operatio by' ringing a boll., .The ndmnbering apparatus is simple and effective. There are four revolving wheels, each of which has the numeral. types from 0 to 9. arranged in sno. cession .on. its outerrim, .and every time a ticket .i sprinted one of these wheels makes 'a tentlihpart of its" wholei 'ledvotltdoand so prepares a new number for the socceeding An imported machine, called "a devil, is exhibited by Messrs..Tronson and Hill., It is used for grinding woollen raigs forflook. -The rage are fed,.to. the :machine between- inted rollers: revolving 'towards, each otjbee fider strong pressure. Beyond is a38ftf6io.'.woden cylinder, in which are 10,000, steel'pihs of about throe-quarters of an inch long, by which theo rag's'are caught and- todri' nis'der; the cylinder revolving at the rate!of 1000frevolu. tions ia ninute.': A: fan, revolving at the-rate of. lb00 revoluoionse'i ,mliditoe drives.-oft the dusat. Very considerable power iserequired to drive this mnobhie, and it can dslposeo of tour tons of rags a weiik.. 'Mr.,Sells exhibits a frnme-lormaking moold -candles,- capable of making.nitiety.-ix at .t time:' Mr. Matheson has some excelleint sioas6's and other tools, among which. the .m, at., noticeable is a lhimer for dressirg bloestone,' with 'eight faces, like a bunch'of chisels. Marsden and Dean show a caeo of well.finished tools for .modellnrs and ornamental plasterers. John Grayson exhibits a case of tools and knives for gardener's, butcher's, saddler's, do., work, which appear to be of excellent quality and finish. . Mr. Lugton has two machines which might , very well have been. done without, namely, a blowpipe for inflating meat, and a squirt for injecting meltched fat under the skin. It,is to be .hoped he will be disappointed in his expectationa as to their sile. Mr. Dier umissen exhibits ieveral specimens of cork and india rubber engine-packing. Theo construction seems very ingenious, and we should not be surprised if this new, packing were to prove tighter and more Insting than hemp, and easier on the piston rod than metallic packing. It consists of cork orlndisrubber, wire gunse, cotton, and grease.. We have been informed that it is already extensively in use. Mr. Hen son. eshows,, a bullet - compressing machine and . a' collection of guno- muking .implements and materials. A very , highly, ,finished -. thresh ing machine, Ibelonging to Messrs. Robieinon d Co, sttrists" attention' by the high' iolish tb'whioh :its wood and metal have been brought.. It is a peg machine, without anything novel'in itsconstruntion. A wooden model of an elctro-.mgnetio engine and some washing and 'amalgamating apparatus am also in this department, as well as a useful. looking band apparatuse for sawing timber,ex hibited by the Hon. hMr. Anderson. A me. chine for dressing New Zealabd flax, by Mr. J.JReed, is, we presume; haoi eperiment. On the tablo in the centre of tbis': wing are 'many articles n'dtiyet'ioticdd ;' aio~k others, several iPorkiiig 'modeli'nbf sisamn:6ugines, which would no doubt prbvoirhighly animsing to .the.public,:.and.particularly .tozthe .young, if the exhibitors cou)d obtainla supply of ete'riii tnd'~startn'tbin? l of those little engines are highly meritorion ,productions. Leiving tbohe aohinery wi'; l ' vhfrceh no 'doibt there are many ouseful ob otei which we have omitted to notied,;'we pass .to the an. nexo;eand'there we again find a fine colleetion of objects highly important in the industrial arts. Messrs. Danks, of Bourkeetreeoot, 'exhibita finlue glass-rae fll of their own brass aatiibgs, chiefly suitable for gnua 'and water fittings, and apparently extremely well exe. outed. ' Mr. M'Ilwraith showssamples of lead piping and sheet lead of various thicknesses. Mr. 'odpl shows a floe colleootion. of lead piping., fromi six inches down to the smallest (composition) gas pipe uand; also lead wire. Mr. letbohcr has sevorsi" samples of wire. work oi.ahbow; and it is highly creditable to colonial skill that in the last three named depurtmonts of industry tre oexamples shown are considered by competent judges to:be at good as could to mede. The stills echlited are only three in number, and all are coo' etriroted to 'receive a chargo of about litly gallonsoforwite or, waesh:"i '-' ' The most prominent;oheotl In thin part Cf tlo, Exhibition are the wool presses. A eawing, planing, boring, and morticing me. ohine, by Briscoe, for the u*o of joiners, is i compact and elegant machine. In cooprrt' work there are come very meritorious exhibtFe, among which some immoenseo oaken wino caskh .are not the oloast notewortby. Ohurns, Eng 1ish, Amerlcn, nad Victorian are exhibited it, ,abundanco, but we shall now only mentier one.' It is n barrel churn with fixed dashers inside, hut slong diagonally-that is, as if thl. :"hxlo passed from the top of one end to the "'bottdm of the other. No doubt this engine would "agitate' the cream entrusted'to it in'a very violent manner, for besldes the ordinary rotary motion it would be violently flung from end to'end of the cborn at every revolution. 1' A drill by Robertson and Co. may be just mentioned. It is for sowing artificial graeace upon virgin soil, without cultivation; which it accomplishes by a row of tines,which makes , scores in the ground, into wicoh the seeds afterwards. fall, through tubes. To save e:trouble' to future visitors, however, we most not 'omit to explain the nature and use of a very strange looking and bulky object in the , annxse,whioh everybody seems greatly puzzled with. It is an imp-oved silk fltur dresser .'-manoufautred and exhibited by Robert Dod. ' dington, and though it looks outside like a twenty foot long meat safe of ecoontrio shape, siit is a highly finished article. S_ uraur.. tit" was not, an unreasonable expectation that in 'an exhibition, one .of the main ob. jectsof awhich was to. afford evidence 'of the natural resources of the Australian colonies, the department of Mlneralogy would be one the most attractive of all to the student of the .'future. Unfortuinotely, the plan of the Ex hibition has not permitted the grouping to, gether of all the specimens of rocks, ores, earths, 'lays, &c.;, which the' various colonies have forwarded to prove their mineral wealb ; nor have we been able to gather together in , one court -the minerals of our own colony. The arrangement observed in the first Lon don Exhibltion hat been followed 'here, and tdtus it is neceisary to traverse.the great Iall, cK eat'logeue in. liaid, to obtain the! evidence twhich, the Erhibition offers of the real natural wealth of Auntralia. That evidence is of the'mos' satisfactory character as to the future of this 'grat ibland continent. Some of the colon es of the group possess in them solves mineral 'resources of the greatest im portance to 'a manufacturing and self-re ,liant community; and what they laook others have to offer in abundance.. Gold, as we know, is freely di.peraed over the eastern colonies." All of the group, including New Caledonia are able to show'ores of copper 'of more or less value; the rarer metals and minerals are well represented; and if Victoria, South Australia, and West Aostralia are able ' to make but. a poor display of coals and shales, their comparative or absolute poverty in this respectis amply made up by the splen. did display which New South Wales discloss, and by the evidence Tasmania produces of the extent and importance of her deposits of coal. Iron abounds everywhere, limestone is not scarce, and. it building stone is scarce and of indifferent quality in some members of the group, all of them "possess clays of 'the bet class and' of 'every variety. Glancing round :the. Eshibition, the eye is instinctively at. tracted to the pyramid of gold in the centre of tho groet hall. It points at once to the distinguishing fact, that Victoria is the great gold.producing" colony of the Australian family. It informs as that from 1851 till the 30th of .dnte last, not less than 31,731,344 ounces of gold had been raised, equal to a sum of £120,925,376 Large as these figures are, they are not astonishing when we find in the octagon another pyramid of gold, which tells us that one mine alone on Ballarat-the Band of Hope-whiob only commenced to give gold some two or three years ago, has up to the 0thl alt. yielded gold which was sold for £387,188. Not far from the pyramid, is a ease of auriferous quartl, exhibited by Messrs. Latham and Watson, of'Hestler's Reef, lBoo digo, which affords satisfactory evidence of the .prodotivenes 'of" the 'reefs of the. colony.. and of what theyr'are yet likely to do in ":supplement of the yields from the alluvial Smine. It contains a series of fine specimeos, from the cap downwards so, far as the reef Shas been ,traced, and cakes of.gold obtained from the mine of the value of £10,000. There is a particular intsrest attached to this display from the circumstance that the theory 'at one time propounded, that quartz reefs were not' likely to be found rich in gold in the ' deep' round, came'upon the quartz mineis of .....Sandhoret at a peried of dipression. Meosrs. ... Latham and Watson; however, were not di. coureged; they persevered, and the result of their labors has been fortunate for the firm, and a very strong encouragement to quartz miners everywhere. A cairn of specimens from' the various reefs in the district around Tarnagulla; a large and magmficent eptici men from Shewring's Reef, St. Arnaud, which gave 58 ounces to the ton; a splendid ease from the Whip Roet, Sandhurst ; and a block of a strange black quarz' from the Eagle Company, Specimen Hill, Eaglehbawk, which gives eight ounces to the ton, supply some evidence of where the gold represented by the "pyramid came from,' and that the lodes are still far fromi being exhausted. '-, St. Arnaud contributes quartz containing both 'silver and :gold; and the mining department exhibits a remarkably fiae sample of silver from' the Friburg mine. An erae of load containing gold and. silver comes from the Chryeolite 'Hill in the same locality. The mining de. partment contributes in a series of cases a collection of all the'mirerals: in the colony, so far. as they are known. To it is added a choice collection of foreign minerals, cats.' 'logued and'indexedm EuxtremBly interestiug ,..now this collection will be very ucseful her. I.:afier, fnriiishing a' itvwill do a ready means by which the 'prosecutor can ascertain something of the true 'clha raoter of the deiscoeries which heobjtay 'nake. A private ocollection; by ~lr. 'Slty Gibbons, ils also voluabl, exhibiting eovery known mineral. Of the antimony fitubhd:i the colonyy and the uses to which it tnaty be Sapplied, we have illustrations in the collectlion exhibited by Messrs. Clarke & Co. They exhibit the ore of antimony as it Is fond' in ld'lvo .and other dltrlolts the purre regulus X < ','.. - to which they rdueoo it for the market, the while oxidn of nntimony, the white paint of ,lnmmrrce now made from it in place of load, ind the red ailphate of antimony, or vermil liun of ho painter. A black paint can also b obtaiun, d from this material, I ut it has not as yet been produced hero. While speaking of this ease we may also notioc the sploodio aoda crystals it.contains,..nma!o "at theo same, works. A much lnter discovery in this colony than that of antimony has been that ol the ores of copper. These are found on the Phomeon River, nod a ase 'of specimens has been contributed by Mr.'W. Pearson, on the part of the Gipps Land Copper Company. They were taken about a month ago from a lode eighteen feet wide; there are nine or ten varieties-black and red oxides; blue and green 'carbonates, yellow and gray ores, salphurets, and native copper. Soame of the samples are of good size, and the display war. rants the hope that copper ore, or copper, will at no distant day form a considerable portion of the exports of Victoria. A few samples of tin and tin sand have come down from the Ovens. Ores of iron are exhibited, with some specimens of the smith's work, made of iron from native ores. Those, we regret to say, do not illustrate a living indns try, no attempt having yet gone be. youd experiment to work the namer. ones and rich iron ores of' the, colony. Of Victorian coal, the Exhibition contains no sample worthy of the name. 'A speoimen from a.3ft. 6in, vein of coal-of the full thickness of the seam-lies in the Mining department. Stray samples have found their way in from bat- cropping veins in the Uape Otway district, the value of which may here after be nascertained.. Of fire clays and pottery clays there are numerous samples, and some excellent Chesterfleld ware. Pigment clays from the Beechworth district are the only clays in this class we noted in the Exhibi. tion, and though the colors obtained from them by merely wetting them are rather coarse, it is possible that in this small exhibit there is the germ of a future "native industry.". Of roof. ing slates we have specimens almost equal in fineness to those of North Wales' from Gie boroe, and from the Penrhyn 'slate quarries near Smeaton. From the latter there are also exhibited a good specimon 'of tesselated nave ment, a well caut chimney piece, with brown marble inlaid. Campbell's Creek also con tributes elates of a good and useful class. Of building stones, the Victorian display is small and inferior. Mngnesite is exhibited from Strangways. Turning to a less useful but very interesting feature of the Exhibition, we must notice Dr. lleasdule's fine collection of colonial gems (in which specimens of the diamond are included); the collection of Mr. Turner, of Beeohworth, which embraces n splendid Barklyite (or opaque ruby), some handsome out cairngorms, a variety of the atrange yellow hollow crystals, containing water or oil, which have been found in one or two placeso only in the drift overlying the granite near Beclhworth; and Mr. Deoni's, ,Mr. Berry's, and IMr. Medley's collections of Ovens juapers and other interesting stones. Beechwotth alone has furnished samples of these peculiar jaspers; and the whole of the collections from that district deserve atten tion. 