MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. SECOND NOTICE. Again entering the north wing at its week end, tbe first objects that attract attention are models of vertical and horizontal spring steel hand sliding shatters, by Messrs. Irving and Glover, of Ballarat, invented and manu factnred by the exhibitors. These shatters are constructed in jointed vertical breadths of abont three inches, and are consequently quite pliable in one direction. Most people have seen such shatters in ase; bat they should see the model to understand how easily and expeditiously they can be worked. As compared with the clumsy Bhop window boards still generally in use, they ate won derfully convenient. Adjoining the shatters is a workman from the establishment of Messrs. Moss, White, and Co., busily engaged, in a little enclosure of his own, making Vic torian cigars from Virginia leaf. The work seems simple enough, and much better adapted to the supple and nimble fingers of gjrls than to men'shands. Nor can it be said that the making of cigars in public tends to increase tbe public's enjoyment of the fragrant weed. There is much manipulation of the inner endof the cigar with paste-moistened fingers, which one has difficulty in altogether forgetting at certain times, and the exhibi tion is one which the anti-tobacco association Bhould encourage. Next to the clgarmakeris a goldbeater, Mr. Wm. Evett, who works in a glass case, and generally has a good many onlookers about him. His implements seem to be lew and simple. In a cedar frame he hasa block of granite, of which the top is twelve inches equate and polished, and upon that he beats oat his gold between the skin leaves of books made for the purpose, to that extreme tenuity which has rendered gold leaf the favourite illustration of the all bat Infinite divisibility of matter. To describe this prooeaB at length would scarcely interest oar readers. Gold as obtained from ourallu vial drifts, is too hard for the goldbeater's purpose. It haB to be melted, then tolled out 1 into ribbons, after which it is -cut into lengths, and brought under the hammer, suc cessive dividlngs and hammerings bringing it to the required thinness. A cottee-roa&ting; machine, being in the form of a wire cylinder driven by clockwork, and a comb-making lathe, in prtcess of being fitted up, are tbe only other novelties in this corner. On the model table there are many objects which we have not yet described; bat some are merely toys, which would be precty enoQgh'if at work, and some baffle descrip tion. The first model Is that of an engine and boiler, by Carl Sohults, of Talbot, of whioh the peculiarity Is that the steam does not operate by means of tbe ordinary cylinder and piston. It has instead . semicircular box, tapering from its circumference, in which we conclude there is a halfdlso or vane, cor raposding to the shape ^of the chamber, which the steam pushes backwards and for wards on a hinge, as the feed andexhaust cocks are alternately opened Oh the one side and the other. At all events, an axle (on which this fan or vane may be supposed to work) connects with a crank, whioh does not turn the centre, but - communicatee a circular motion to another crank. What are thead vitntagts^of this kind of engine does not. appear, nor are we informed whether lt works w;elL Mr. J. D; Poetle exhibits a modei of a machine for crashing or grinding quarts, in; whioh the oeotrifugu principle is ntUtaed. itmaybesaldttobfi^ oribcipally of two parts, a «9liader,wlth«n fcteripr oorrogaied eurfaoe, and avertiesl shaft with revolving' .has working in it» A* the artnl tevblve the quarts is to be &ro; wnagainsti gatedsnrftoe.p'ul oolumnofquicksil ^Theoomigatedi pleoes loetbyftlctloa. The vertioali being hollow. ftttnsV wnt tifa bf Its means the maohinftlS*«xpeoli&j; to? supply Itself with water, Mr. Pasf&b; Utos that with aqu*rUcniibertbrW4 diameter he can reduoeto - - powd6r one ton of qusrti Another . novdi^ ? in -ofisn chinery < (Hope's' mill) fs tho*n4n ' tbe revolving " tows Us Sa1 Off® two and three aheaves, ehownby Mr. Dick, eon ate strong and well-finished. 1 . Pawing on to the annexe, we find some valuable exhibit! which have sot yet jT ceived notice. Messrs. Amoe, of the Catron Iron Bolllug Milla, «hoir a very varied c<& lection of samples of their manufacture in rod, sheet, and bar lion. ThU Is a-nSiv! industry which should, we think, prow highly usefal to the manufacturers of the colony, inasmuch aa it eaablee them to -have iron hammered rolled to any size and pattern that they may require, 'the material of MeesiB. Amos's manufacture Is wraps of malleable iron (which would be quite value, less bat for this mode of waking them ap) which are fused together, and then rolled and hammered into the desired ftorn.' A mass of this fusion of old metal is exhibited beside the newly-made metal, and looks like a boulder of piHtn-puddlng rock, only that the ghosts of objects- whose shape it bore in a previous etace of existence are faintly dis cernible. The exhibits of re-made iron are neatly arranged in pyramidal forin,and nom prise samples of roa and bar iron (square find fiat), from * quarter-inch to several inches: also rails and angle iron, half-round, oval, arrow-beaded, and wedge-Bbaped ban. Some chemical filters exhibited' by Dr. de Bohn de serve attention. Among the agricultural implements there are many excellent exhibits.. Messrs. Falton and Shaw's patent rack wool-pressattraotg notice by the complicated and formidable looking gearing that is attached to it. So well aB we conld make out by looking at it, the novelty in its construction consists in its having two motions-a fast motion for press ing down the wool to a certain point ffom the top, and a slow motion to farther compress it No doubt this would effect a saving of time. The patent travelling box presses of the same firm, and also of Messrs. Robinson and Oo. and Mr. J. W. Home, leave little to be desired in this description of maohine. A smutting machine, by Messrs, Bobloson and Co., is very ingenious. It is a vortical wire cylinder, with shelves or vanes inside to prevent the grain from falling too rapidly; and when it is desired to clean wheat or other corn of smut or other impurities, it is fed to the machine when revolving at a high rate of speed. In its progress from the top to the bottom, the corn is driven against the wire work sides of the cylinder, when dirt of all kinds will fly off. To the farmer the u8e of this machine must be highly usefal, as it will enable him to BOW wheat without also sowing some of wheat's worst enemies along with i£ A fonr.horse power bonemill, by Mr. J. W. Home, is a very formidable affair. Two iron beams, with roughly- toothed ends, advance alternately and press the bones against the grinding machinery, with a force that no bones can reeist, and hold them there until they are reduoed to the required fineness. The grinding part of the machine consists of a rapidly-revolving cylinder, with diagonal rows of strong sharp short teeth, and'their operations ate rapid and effectual, as was seen last week in the Port Phillip Society's show-yard. Mr. John Bancls shows a horse power chaffcutter, bone-miU, and oorn crushers, all of wnlch mem ' to be strongly made and well finished. Ploughs, harrows, reapers, mowers, stripping- machlnee, churns, and other implements, home made and im ported, ate exhibited in great variety, and will well repay the improving farmer, who having* few hours to spare In Melbourne, chooees to spend it in their company. 