THE SYDNEY INFIRMARY. -THE LATE HOUSE-SURGEON, TO THE EDITOR OF THE EMPIRE. Sir,-As one of the executors of the late Dr. Hugh Houston, and, therefore, in some sense, a natural guardian of his memory, I beg leave to ofter one or two explanatory remarks on a portion of the evidence taken before the Weekly Committee of the Sydney Infirmary, and noticed in a recent issue of the Empire. A person named Mrs. Harrison states, amongst other things, that the "house-surgeon has neither butcher, baker, milk- man, grocer." The inference clearly intended to be drawn is, that Dr. Houston obtained supplies for him- self and his family in some irregular if not dishonest way, at the cxpense of the institution. The witness who makes the above assertions is flatly contradicted, as regards most of her statements, by various other witnesses, and both oral and document- ary evidence was brought before the committee to prove that the late Mrs. Ghost, the matron, had private accounts with the butcher and other tradesmen. Nothing, however, appeared in the published evidence to show that Dr. Houston and his family were regularly supplied by private tradesmen. A cruel wrong was hereby done, perhaps unintentionally, to the memory of one whom all acquainted with him know to have been the very soul of honour. The simple facts of the case are these : Dr. Houston, after his wife's death, sevcral years ago, feeling himself unfitted by his peculiar habits and disposition for looking after the petty details of house- keeping, was glad to avail himself of the kind offer of the matron to relieve him of such cares. His supplies wcro therefore ordered by the matron along with her own, and the bills made out to her, Dr. Houston settling with her privately from time to time. On thc general management of the institution I offer no opinion. There may have been, and still be abun- dant grounds for a searching inquiry ; but of this I am quite assured, that, by the sudden and lamentcd decease of Dr. Houston, the institution lost a devotcd and faithful servant, and that noblest work of God, a truly " honest man." Dr. Houston did far more than mere duty required. A large file of letters, found amongst his papers, proved this - letters of thanks from former patients, or from the friends and surviving relatives of persons who had been under his care. One or more of these contained small remittances, in repayment of trifling expenses voluntarily incurred by Dr. Houston, for postage, etc.; and the nature of the man is seen from thc fact that these remittances remained in their I envelopes unappropriated. To have to defend the character of such a man is something like what the poet speaks of- "To gild refined gold, to paint the lily, or throw a perfume on the violet.'' l am, Sir. yours faithfully. G. H. STANLEY. Paddington, October 22, A LAWYER'S DEFINUB.-Among the traditions of Westminster Itali ia one of a eenuin Sargeant Davy, who nourished eoine centuries baok, in a darker ago Han the prrsent. fie was accused, once npon a time, by hie brethren of the coif of bating drgraded their order by luklng from a o ient a fco in copper ; on being solemnly arraigned for his offence in tho Coramnn Half, it »I pean, fröre tho unwritten reports of the Gou t of Cemruon Pleas, that he defended himself by the julio wr- ing pie« of confession und aroiJnuce : 1 fully admit that I look a feo from him in copper; and not only one, but tirerai I and not only feen in copper, but f^es in ti I ver ; but I pledge roy honor as a sergeant, that I co^er took a tioglo (oe from him in ailrcr until I bad got all hi« gold, and thai 1 nerar took a single feo from him In copper until 1 had get all his silver ; end yon , don't call that a degradation of our order 1 " j 