j THE INSPrtRKOTIOX IN JAMAICA. >^ In a recent issue the Rockhampton Newsjias the foI~ lowing with reference to the »bo'»e euhject : The qeitro insorreoti n in . Jam«cia, of ^wbich^e get «drice hy-the Ute mail, becomes s matter of intereatme* ? spéculation when wo review the historv of the West. Indies since tho general emancipation of 1833.'' '.Stnoev ' tliia pened the commercial status,of the,Islande- ones* ' . such a valuable source of revenue ¿ta the Oro» ft-baa - bern anpnally depreciating.-'A generation hts'parsed ' away, and the negro population of Jamale«, or st least» ' such of I them «a are joung, active and t-talwart neo, ?. . practically participiting in, tbs rebellion, are those who. ' nwt been born free, but of a't«co whose prt viona b tat orjj-! . ' may bejaummed np in the words barbarism, Ignorance,, ; nnd bondage. It would be bardly'natural to suppôt» ' ' ,that,t¡lii Erst generation Cf freemen,'born of sncb aK '; race, ah't'uld estimate the privilegia by «ny olherelan'd-v, , ard than (.bat of oivtl equality ; or, lo be wondered av,. . . that' they should "become ' lawless arid violent loather event of a crisis in whiob the, poorer classes ot tho com mutiity, are the chief snlferers. Tho Island of Jamaica* -pnce) the Veslern E\ Dorado of tEe 'Knglisbmao.iaV now only .valuable to the British,' 'Gove; riment fi om ita' geographical position. -Como eight year« since :a depu- tation was commissioned tq|visit England, f jr tba pur-' ? posa of petttioniog'tae Government to lower the import.1 dutypn West Indian sogar«, as they found it impossible* to'compete with the slate, . Jaipur of - Louisiana«. The revet ua of the ¡aland does not support tho civil andi . ? ivar 'establishments, necessary, for" Ita,government «mot ' \ integrity, but it beelines Invaluable _as a naval "fen' drzyaus, and is just as e'igible itt that view a« Gaba law to Spain; or Martinique to Franoe, and -will be retainedL' . with, equal tenacity. Our truculent American churina perfectly understand tho advantage possessed by th* ' first class Enropenn Powers in their Weat Indian postas- : eioLB. j It.was thiawbhjh gave rjse to the bocoaneerlt>g expedition ¿f ;Xíicó'os de Lopes, ..who, emulating thal reckless daring of Cortes, the early conqueror of Mexico,, sailed fram'New Orleans'itt the j ear 1851, landed OB. some obsonro part of thi oast of Cu's, attended bjr ' some fino adventurers,- and'burnt his Bhip behind him*. \- The result In his eas»; however. waa.far difiVrentw Xii«» . ' slaves bf the island did not flock' to his staidard, a» - . ? anticirU'e'i, arid som«'fe-r days af tor Lopet'was.ca'rrútoóV. ' and fifty of his folloner« «botin.the publia PisuuoC.' . Havanna.,_ " . , . .'«»;*,...> -> ; * A abort time afterward*, the' American Governments. '1 under j the!'administration of Buchanan, "of&red; . IOO,0(P,pO0 dolhva to Spain for the transfer of Cuba j . > but Sisain wäs'inexorable, for in' addition lo .b'erap^ '1..' preciaron of the valne of the possession, it was already^'1 ' mortgaged to the British,Governmont for a heavy debts' nor did the anxte'.y of the Americans to '- postes*, it or ' their argument that, it.was .a cootiunation of;thb rbjhk bank ¿f the Mlsslssipl River lesïen.èts: valuo.Jnttbepyeat... of its dimers. ' The' immediate, cause of the emente irs-; ' Jaronien wo are not,,as yet, appris :d of, but we-doubt not; that the results br. the Aruorjoin War, og. affecting ; the negro of the Southern States hive had much to don \ >itb it. Tois added to Ioctl oaus-a, and regarded par-., itally by original and unredeemed, ignorance! bù mosti ',';; proValjly mature I «orne raab and ailly - theme, whiob tba-;- i authorities will'toori anewed in ' quelling. -Jamaica ia include! In thc naval department of the North Ameri- : oin at|d West India Station, bf wbiab\'H«Hrax'<N.'&).ie>r..'-:;'. the head quarters,"and we rxt.oit 'to hear by nest mai*-' " that the reinforcem'nts otdered from tbore have arrived] . , and ndooed tba reUaotory negroes to order. .'.-.. Guaiosims or TU» NETT, Yost ~Son,Otf^r^OM.-ry] /Among the many amusing addresses in rhyme sndt otherwise that pus through the post office from time to time are the ' following :-*'To be forwarded to»; .: Margret Flynn nrid.froaVyou ^rgáret to.your.brothtir,''. Jaok and Kilter Honora Sister Ellan and Michael . Ita i care of Mr.Wm H Baldwin* ESK Araorfea." Another t * ?> -" To John. Barry if living, but if not to his »ife, rr,' ' . ? some one of the children if living, and if not to eames, respectable neighbor." ,J . ' ' ? ' " Speed on little missive to Matble Head» 'An-1 find old Joe Sweet either living or dead;.,-. ¡If ho's living, of coarse he'll read this letter;1 ' But if he's dead, .wby>U. Uti» Mter.~]|jit*^. " Swift aa the dawn yonr course pura no,. " .". i Let not your speed restrain; .. j.'m (Untilyou meet Miss Mary Drew, - . ".' .. ??.» ' " In Newfield, Stite of Miine.'', ; ; Here is a lucid address which speaks for itself--- . " Timothe O flanigah State O MassekivUts or elewbr.'* ' . The geographical knowledge of the gentleman who'. .' penned'the following waa-somewhat extensive t--"To.'. . . Mr birthed owen Kelly Oblata Rhode' Island, C\nneo titut."j The following' reminds. us., bf the innocent,'* country girl, who said ste bad an unole residing bel wot n» ' the Battery and Central-park :-" Bridget - Wave New York,.SO Mew , York City 82,'America."'.'Whocan. Wife, the wbeieibouts of Miss Foster i-" Hiss Louisa, Foster H G th street some wt eras Penny Post please deliver.'*' The following is encouraging te the postmans-.* To Mike Djmvan or to his cousin. Eliza Mao Farrelly.. Postman will find him by finding Betsy Bo nnaa who* .. wa« engaged ti Mike before they left Ireland and maje be married." Mr. Ford must be a well-known indivt-. dual ib Maine, els» be never received the following t-» ' !'Mr Henry Ford who-lives in the sama place in tkav Sta e of Maine." An amusing postcript- to ta post- ? -' ? ? mister:-"F.S P.ease.give thia let'.er.to. themanw what's got- ».sow in my bs.ru a* want's to get away.1* , V SoMïTiimo Nkw. 3 Under tb!» ti'Je tho latest dele» ; ' atona and illusions prodnceable by nptloal soienoe aided '. t.y mecbaiiical-Bkill,' are now being-exhibited laths». . Assembly Booms of the Free-trade Haly by ÜV. Gompers. The .exhibition of entertainment is divided^ into time parts» , of which- the first reproduces four soeries from the " Faust "---now familiar enough ora. the operatic stager-haying their novolty in the ghost]*- .".' ' character of these who take part ia the performance. "Mephistopheles'* "Fauat," "Marguerite," and "-Sie .bel" and brought before the spectators and go. througl*.. silent and autoraatlo aots, while the text of the dramas, is read by Mr. lt. B. Barnett, from a desk in front of^1 ? the proscenium. Excellent , use is mudo of th» new' snnlinntinn nf Prof»..m. Pannar iiul nlhnra ¡n th» of these scenes eaoh figure appearing anti disappearing* at times with the reality of life occasionally, too. i-s*. ' iroprla persona, but so oleverly are tho ohnnges, pro- , doced, so,sharply aro the refloated figures dofined, that the i spootator becomes perfectly bewildered to knovev.. which ia which.'' The spirit-nature of the demon finden In this entertainment the only really fit and appropriates embodiment it caa hare amongst mortals, for it coraes>. and'goes as a spirit only can, like a disombodled thing. . '..:, In the " Haunted House," a humorous farce, in whick Mr.' Barnett, playa tbe part of- a nervous, brandy-lovingf lodger, the deception praotisod uprn the soaso of sight-. '. is oren more' complete. The old tipplor recalls per- sonages to bia memory he has seen on tho sta-je or it», ordinary life. Amongst them are Madame Duverney v tho,famous danseuse; "Lord Dundreary," and a High«. 'land lassie; to these are added av ({host ot the most,' genuine description, with a death's bead, and t shseteoV . .' like a corpse, and a gnome or sprite, who join sit last. " in ¿na of the moat extraordinary aerial evolutions ever. '?' witnessed. These unearthly visitants to I he lodger , ; appear and disappear in, tba " twinkling of an eve,'.** Now they glide,through etch other, and anon enveloper enwrap eaoh other. At last three appoar together, andr three others blend with thom, seem to mil with thsmv , corporeally before the 01 e. "Leander SheakweU," the» terrified mortal is actually seized by one nf them and' borne away,and his ghost,returns with the other*'tot join in tbe danoe-a dance in which tho gnome ami. death-Hgnre, n >w in rib and bono divested of its sheet . rise into the a'r, and, out fantas'io "figures over anal, around the heads and shoulders of tho others. .' Thea, . "Dundreary" an4 " Leander'* are whirled about In sw similar meaner, and the whole group goes through av. complication of muoh aoroba'io poi formárteos aa are: attributable generally to tho phantasms] creations of a. eorded brain.' Tbia finale is undi ubi eil ly a marvel av-' - 'cientifio achievement. Of tbe "Proteus ", we need, or.ly say that M. Gompers brings on to tho stage av box, to all sppoaranco exactly tho .same io size and: ' ' 'make as the far- famed Davenport cabinet. It ie, how- ' erer better looking, »nd is lighted ' inside by a jet ot gas. Tbe cabinet is turned, round and thumped, andi its {appa'ont. emptiness demonstrated. ?. One of thew.' , gentlemen .engaged, Mr. E. P yee, .just' stopped.into. v, , tho, receptacle and was looked ' up. In a few seconds» M. I Gompers opined the doer, and out stepped ajsvly. , recognised as the "Marguerite" end the "Durvernay1* of previous scenoB, but in her usual dross. Nm, after another brlof interval, a little'schoolboy, slate i i hand., was oxpo'cl to view ; after him Mr. Pryoe,. who hadt ' b fore vanished.. On stepping ont Mr. Pryce locked. M. Gompers, who disappeared and reappeared,, itv ibo sanio empty cabinet in the same astounding m-nner Suili is a very hasty and imporfeot skotoh of what we> eaw, and, in commun wtih all present,' roust admit that anything at nil enual lo it ol its kind wo have never yet; witnessed. We oinnot doubt the attractiveness ot auob nn elegant nnd successful, and at tho sam»-lim startling, exhibition. During tho intervale, und, fre- quently nooompnnyiag tho proceedings, Madnmo IL alger Waluwekl pla.is the piano in a style wblob, if not n« OMV or elegant BS som» artistes, Is worthy af rnuats^. j praise for its ylguur and brillnnoy of execution'.. . . ' í ?'?'?' "' '' ' ' " 