Wednesday, 80th May. Before the Police Magistrate. James Wales and John Donnelley were brought before the Court this morning, under a fresh charge of stealing six head of cattle the property of the Messrs. Crowe of Gobaralong, the evidence of Sergeant Tant having been taken, the prisoners were remanded on this charge till the 6th June, for further evidence. Amended Gold-Fields Act: — We re- publish this petition as amended, and at this opportunity would recommend it to journals published within the Southern Gold-Felds electorate by special request from the miners in our vicinity. The Humble Petition of the undersigned miners and others assembled in public meeting at Adelong, on the 19th day of May, 1866, to the Honorable the Members of the Legislative Assembly of the colony of New South Wales, Respectfully Showeth — That your petitions have with much alarm noticed an Act entitled " The Amended Gold Fields Act " passed on the 7th of April last, and are of opinion that it is calculated greatly to injure the mining interests of this colony, for the following reasons :- 1\. That the alterations now made by the act will render the administration of justice insecure in all matters pertaining to mining claims and disputes, that unpaid territorial magistrates cannot from the nature of their office give their attention to mining matters which tber importance demands. 2\. That an enormous amount of property is often involved in mining causes, and requires . the supervision of men, who from past experience, are competent to adjudicate on such cases, and are superior to local influences ; such experience cannot be expected from local justices. 3\. That this act will greatly tend to promote costly and unnecessary litigation, will prevent the investment of eapital in mining ventures, and on the Gold-fields bring the - administration of justice into contempt. 4\. That the former system of paid Commis sioners is better calculated to promote the welfare of the miner by enabling him to obtain a speedy settlement of all disputes by officers who have his confidence, Your petitioners therefore, most respectfully pray that your Honorable House may rescind the objectionable measure, believing that the mining interests of this colony if carefully protected, will yet be extensively developed but that if the act referred to ha allowed to remain law, much serious injury will accrue to the country, And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray &c.; Tumut Denominational School. — Duties at this school bave been resumed under the control of Mr. M. T. Busbe, a gentleman, we understand, alike known for his scholastic qualifications as for his general urbanity. Appraisement of Runs.— We understand that the process of appraisement of runs, the leases of which expire on the 31st December next, is to be entered up in without delay. There are some thousands of these to be valued, and the appointment of the appraisers will be notified in a few days. The delays which gave use to complaint last year will be avoided on the present occasion. — S. M. Herald. Great Southern Railway. — The Govern ment has accepted the tender of Messrs. Larkin and Wakeford, who made the lowest offer for cash, for laying the ballasting and permanent way on that portion of the Great Southern line of railway lying betw een the Fitzroy Iron Mines and the termination of No. 6 Contract, near MaruIan, being the length of thirty-one miles six chains. The whole of the permanent way on the Southern extension from Picton, to Goulburn is now let, as the contract for No. 7 section (in the hands of Mr. Faviel) includes blassting and permanent way, as wtll as forma tion.— S. M. Herald. The New Game Law. — A correspondent says : — " I perceive that in the new Game law, there is no mention made of 'snipe' as game. Perhaps it is a mistake, and it may be that the gentleman who framed it may have thought the "laughing jackass" a good substitute." Fire at Gundagai. — A disastrous fire oc- curred on Tuesday morning last, at about 1 o'clock, on the premises of Mr. W. C. Freeman, saddler, of Gundagai. The particulars are somewhat difficult to arrive at ; and all that is known here is that Mr. Freeman retired to bed at about 10 o'clock and was soon after 12 awoke by unusual sounds, and upon proceeding to ascertain the cause, found bis place on fire. With the assistance of bis employees he managed to remove the most of_l£is i§tpckin trade from the burning premises, which were eventually burnt to the ground. We are given to understand that he is almost covered by insurance. We are not surprised at the house being burnt down, as the means of extinguish ing a fire in Gundagai, would be, at the most, two or three buckets of water from a neigh bouring cask which was occupying its proximity for culinary purposes. State of the Country.— Our Wandering Reporter in a private note dated Barraba, May 18th, says:1 — ' The'country is in so miserable a state that. I have been three days getting thus far. Since leaving tha Rxrky River my unfortunate horse has not. had a bit to eat beyond the few mouthful* he lias been able to gather on the road. About all the, stations and stopping- places everything is prefectly bare, and no- bay or corn to ba had ; so that to keep life in my poor animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any place on the ranges where was any — not feed, for that there is not — but the slightest suspicion of there being tho ghost of a blade of dried up grass. This is the first pla^e.v, I have reached where hay i3 obtainable, and I am stopping to-day to get my bors9 a tucker, as I am told there are the same prospects of starvation for him at Bingera. The whole country is an immense waste; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if* they had gone through a very severe winter.' Should any bad weather set in you will bear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this — the Liverpool Plains — and the New England district. A|1 the rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is, every here aud there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vegetable matter it holds in solution from the cbickweed that covers it. Children, and even grown people, are suffering from dysentry, owing to the use of the water.' — S. M. Herald. Trichinae. — Correspondence from Vienna announces that in Wegeleben, a little town of 2000 inhabitants, 293 persons bave been attacked by trichinae, the worm bred in pigs under the new disease called after tbem. Fifty four of those attacked have already died under - tortures so terrible that many besought the surgeons to end their sufferings. The worms all came from one animal, which had been made into sausages, and eaten, we presume, half cooked. Thorough cooking — but it must be thorough— is a preservative against the trichicse, and is the only one; for' they,- if left alive, breed in the human patient as readily as the pig, and eat tfceir way through all tissues till the injuries to the sjstem, and tho consequent nervous irritation, produce a horrible death. — ; Pail Mall Gazette . A Scoundrel. — A most brutal assault was committed by a mail named Thomaq Maher upon liis wire. The prisoner stripped his wife naked, tied her hands up to a beam over her head, then threw two shovelfuls of hot ashes over her back and thighs, and finally gave her several blows on the places where he had burnt her. Maher was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, the Police Magistrate remarking that it was the worst case of assault he had ever heord sine? he had sat upon the bench. — Govlburn Argus. ^ Tablet to the Memory of Sergeant Parry. — A handsome marble tablet has been made at Mr. William Patten's Australian Marble Works, 342, Pitt-street, to perpetuate the memory of sergeant Edmund Parry, of the Police Force, who was killed by the late bush ranger Gilbert at Jugiong, whilst engaged in the active performance of his duty with a party commanded by Mr. O'Neill. The tablet has been purchased by the Inspector-General of Police (Captain McLerie), and a few of those brother officers of the force to whom he was well known, and by whom he was very highly esteemed for his intelligence, his courage, and ! many other good qualities. This appropriate tribute to the memory of a brave man, consists of a headstone of Sicilian marble, set in a moulded stone socket ; and is, we believe, to be erected over the grave. The inscription— in neatly incised letters of black and gold — is as follows: — ' Erected in memory of Edmund Parry, sergeant of New South Wales Police, who lost his life in the execution of his duty, whilst courageously endeavouring to capture the bushranger Gilbert, by whom he was shot dead, near Jugiong, on the 16th November, 1864, aged 32 years. This stone was erected by some of his officers and comrades, by whom the deceased was much respected and regretted." —S.M.~Herald. Criminal Court.— During the recent assizes, and previous to the awful sentence ,of death being passed upon Crookwtdl and his five companions, the prisoner addressed the judge and made certain statements which be promised to lay before the Executive. They asserted that Raymond was . shot by Sergeant Healy's rifle, and that the evidence of the prisoner Webster was false. The bullet mi^ht have easily been produaed, and thus decided whether the shot came from the constable's rifle, or from . the revolver in Crookwell's hand. It is strange that this line of defence was not used in the trial, but in a matter of- life and death it behoves the Judge and Executive to leave nothing undone to clear away any doubt which may linger in their minds as to the guilt or otherwise of the prisoner. Accordingly the body of Constable .Raymond was'ex'.u-.ned on Wednesday morning and a search wasvmade for the bullet by Dr. Aaron in presence of Mr. Fosbery of the Inspector-Generals Office aud several of the police authorities. T.Jia.:bulle.t was easily obtained and on comparing it' with others used by police revolvers and rifles it was at once seen that it belonged to the former, thus disproving the assertions made by the prisoners and establishing their guilt beyond the possibility of doubt. The result of this will be satisfactory to the public as it will^pu^at rest any^doubt which may have arisen.; frotp the statements of the prisoners. These facts have now been communicated to the Executive who can now deal with the fate of these unfortunate men as all doubt as to their guilt ha3 now been removed. — FreemarCs Journal. Death of Prince de Conde. — The Prince de Conde died at Petty's Hotel about half-past ten o'clock last night, at the early age of twenty, two years. He arrived in this colony by the P. and 0. Co.'s6teamer Bombay, on~ the 17th of April last, and has baen staying at the above hotel since. He was travelling for the purpose of.recruiting his health and gaining experience. Shortly after his arrival here, he ''caught cold whilst on a fishing excursion in the barbour, vand has been ailing ever since ; but no serious consequences bad been apprehended until within the last few days when bis illness assumed a serious character. Ia addition to his me lical attendant, who travels with him, he ha3 been attended by Dr. Nathan and Dr. Alloway. Oa Tuesday evening be appeared to revive some what, and strong hopes were entertained of bis speedy recovery ; but yesterday a relaps^ took place, which, .terminated in bis death. The Prince possessed many estimable qualities ; be was most unostentatious, and unassuming in bis deportment, and bis amiableness of disposition of no ordinary character, won for him the esteem, and affection of all who had the pleasure of bis acquaintance.— S. Herald . . Snow at Kiandra. — A correspondent writ ing from Kiandra on tbe:28th says : — About this time we always expect to see the first of the snow, and this winter we have not been disappointed. On Friday last, the 18th inst., it commenced snowing, and continued, more or less, for the three following days, and after it ceased there was from one foot to one foot three inches of snow 00 the ground. During the last day it commenced to thaw, and the ground sluicers hopes beat high, for they expected to be able to get plenty of water iu the creeks, but they were disappointed, for as soon as the creeks began to rise, a severe frost set in, and the water again disappeared. Queen's Birthday. — Thursday last was j observed as a general holiday in town, all the Istores being closed ; there was no public amuse ment in Tumut until dusk set in, and the night jwas far advanced before the popping of erackers land the whiz, of rockets ceased. There were ' races at Spring Creek, but we are not in a posi tion to chronicle with what success. Visiting Surgeon to the Gaol. — Since the decease of Dr. G. West, the duties of visiting surgeon to the Gaol at Darlinghurst, and to the penal establishment at Cockatoo Islands, have been performed by Dr. Aaron, who has applied to the Government for the permanent appointment. Several other applications for the appointment have been received, but no determination in regard to them will be arrived at until the return of Mr. Parkes, who is f xpected in Sydney early next week. — S. M. Herald. The Calf Stealing Case. — W. McLaren was placed ia the dock at Yass, on Wednesday, 23rd instant, charged with stealing three calves, the property of Hamilton Hume, Esq., of Cooma, near Yass. Mr. Allman prosecuted. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for defence. Prisoner was committed to take his triil at the Quarter Sessions iu Jun?» Bail allowed, himself in £80 and two sureties in £40 each. Bail being forthcoming prisoner was discharged pro tem. FiNANCiAfc Position of Queensland. — The financial state of Queensland appears to be in such a state as to cause the greatest alarm to those who are interested in the future welfare of 1 hat colony.' From a statement lately laid before Parliament by the Colonial-Treasurer, it appears that the total expenditure for the past yoar amounted to £1,154,820 16s. 9d. of which £685,246 6j. lid. belonged to the loan fund as against a total revenue of £479,797 8s. 10 1. Out of which the sum so appropriated from the loan fund, it appears that £423,499 has beeu expended upon railways, £92,305 upon immigration, and £70,956 upon public works. The interest upon loans amount to £175,012 which is considerably more than a third of the actual revenue. On the 13th April the actnal debt of the colony amounted to £1,850,235. In the face of this and with a revenue quite insufficient to meet the exsiting debt it-is proposed to borrow a further sum of £1.226,450 which will make the total debt £3.076,686. It appears to us that the people of Queensland have fallen into the same error as ourselves. With a wide extent*\of territory and a scattered population they havtf involved themselves in debt for the purpose of con structing public works which yield no return for the .outlay. We have felt the evil of that policy, and we are now suffering from it in tho increasid taxation that we are compelled to bear. It is a fine thing no doubt, to bave railways, macadamised roads, and splendid public bnildings, but when there is an insufficient income; to meet the interest, it is well to con sider whether it would not be better to do wiLbout them. Wa- regret - to see that great distress prevails among the labouring popu* lation in Queensland and tbat the Government have found it necessary to afford them relief out of the general revenue. — FreemarCs Journal. A Cabby.— ^A philosophical cabman thus speaks of the section over which his wheels make their tracks : ' If you run over a youngster down here,' said he,' the folks vdon't say nothin', kase they have got more children and no wittles for'em ; but *-you jisl run over a goat or a kid, or a sow or a pig» and blest if a mob ain't after you in two minitsl Mr. James Rodd.- — This gentleman' has announced his intention of meeting the electors of the Gold-fields of Adelong, on Juna 1st at Murphy's Hotel ; at Tumbarumba on June 2nd, and at Kiandra oa the 4th June; All interested miners must be aware of the great aeaF which this gentleman has displayed in any matters likely to affect their general interest, and it ' would be almost out of place to urge upon his ^constituents the necessity of hearing him g»*« I an account of bis stewardship* , . . ? TTijun ? ? 1 ? , - ? ? ? ? 1 — ? — ljj ? Adventure with a Kangaroo. — A cor respondent of the Armidale Express writes to, tbat journal that, whilst out ia the bush a short distance from Tipperary, a few day3 ago, Mr. Henry Parker had a strange encounter with a large kangaroo. His dog had started the animal, and Harry, to give the former a chance, ran ahead of the kangaroo, to turn it. The brute, however, was not to bo turned so easily, but came bounding on until it rushed against Parker, when they fell -together, the kangaroo with its -head between Parker's legs. Parker, wboisa smart, strong young man, although much shaken by the unexpected collison, held 0n to his prize till he killed him. His side is yet sore where the kangarod struck him. He is quite satisfied with one trial of catching a kangaroo on the bop, and will not attempt it again. Scalded to Death in Boiling Sugar. — A frightful accident occurred on Glenwright's brewery, Patterson-street, on Saturday, shortly after noon. It appears that the men were preparing their work, and the boiler was filled to the depth of several feet with what -3 called wort. One of the workmen, named Salloway, was standing upon the brickwork in which the boiler is set, and was pouring in tbo contents of a bag of sugar, when his foot slipped, and he fell up to his middle into* the boiling liquid, A fellow workman fortunately was but a yard off at the lime, and instantly dragged the poor fellow Salloway out. A doctor was immediately sent for, but in the interim the man was stripped and linseed oil and flour were rubbed over the injured parts. So tender had his flesh become tbat a part of the skin came away in the removal of his. clothing. Dr. Maddox arrived on the spot about half an-hour after the occurrence, examined the injuries, and then ordered the sufferer to be taken to the hospital. The unfortunate man died at 4 o'clock next morning. — Launceston Examiner. Shocking Murder, and. Suicide of the Murderer. — The Maitland Mercury of Thurs day states tbat information had been receive'd of a tragical occurrence, which took place on Mr. Weller Baldwin's station, on the Bilonne River, Queensland border. A married man named Sadler was engaged on the station as overseer, and on the 5th instant he left the homestead, saying he would be away two or three days. Having some cause to suspect his wife's faithfulness, he returned the same night to the homestead, and, entered the house about 10 o'clock, where be found her with a stock man named Hickey, who was formerly a constable. A quarrel was the natural consequence of this discovery, and Sadler took up a loaded gun, with which he shot Hickey under the arm. Hickey lived only a few minutes after receiving the wound. Oa the following morning Sadler committed suicide by shooting himself with the same gun, and it transpired that after shooting Hickey he made ^ will leaving all his property to his wife. . Colonial Wine;- — A day or two ago we were requested to taste soma wine, which had been grown on the Gilmore creek by Mr. John , Korn, one of our German residents ; upon doing so we found' it really excellent, possessing a full, mellow, and exceedingly pleasant fruity flavour, with a fine brillant amber colour, and we should say that it was unquestionably a superior table wine. Mr. Horn's acquaintance with the making of wine in ' Der Faterland' has certainly not been lost upon .bim ; and aB he wishes to bring bis venture before the ordoal of public opinion, . he is determined to re'nder . it this year at as low a cost as possible, with the view of having it fairly tested ; we cannot belp wishing him success with his under taking. ,Bathubst. — A telegram from this locality, dated Tuesday week, says George Bell, the man charged with the late gold robbery at the Ironbarks, and also with firing at a German, . died in the gaol, yesterday, of low fever. The , police throughout the district exhibit great efficiency in the c&ptare; of mail robbers and bushrangers, Two were arrested at Dubbo, and another bushranger has been taken by con stable Scott, at Tuena. ? A Chinese Road. — Tha following curious ' example of Chinese intelligence and patience is mentioned by the Daylesford ;Express : — '.There-is a path from Glenlyon to Newbury, .through the thickest part of the bush, known . ^ as the 4 Chinese track.' It is about ten miles ? long, and, as we- are told, ' much - shorter than .:.. . other route. The 'track follows a curiously . serpentine course .over ranges and across .ravines,, so , densely covered with underwood that a stratiger might almost lose himself, and die of thirst or hunger before he got out {of the maze. To prevent such a calamity overtaking any of the Celestials, they have staked out the whole distance at intervals of a few feet, in such a manner that no one can mistake the road.' Adminstration of Justice in Adelaide. — There was a terrible scene in court oa Monday between Justice Boothby and Mr. Stow. Boothby asserts there is no legally appointed judge but himself ; no Queen's Counsel, and no Attorney-General. Ha abused Mr. Stow, telling him that he deserved to be scouted by every honest and honourable man who meets him in the streets : that bis conduct was ouly calculated to inspire disgust and abhorence— and so on. All the indictments are quashed, and prisoners remanded until next criminal sessions. Great excitement in town is expected. Parliament will at once be called together to deal - with the emergency. — Telegram to S. M. Herald. ' Can a Woman Legally Solemnise Mar riage. ? — The New York Times mentions tbat the ' Rev. Miss Olympia Brown, regularly j ordained preacher to a church at Weymouth,' hps, as a natural consequence, taken to celebrate toarmges, in addition to preaching. The legality of such marriages having been question? d by some members of the Massachesetts House of Representatives; the question was discussed, and finally almost unanimously decided' That a woman regularly ordained, can, under the statutes, legally solemnise marriage.' The term ' regularly ' does not, however, appear to bave been define!. Dreadful Tragedy. — On the 5th instant,^ person named Sadler, a stockman on Baldwin's station on the Balonne River, found, on his unexpected return, Hickey, the overseer, in bed with his wife, and he shot bim UDder the arm dead ; and the next morning after eating his breakfast, shot himself. — S. M. Herald. Murray Snags. — Our Mulwala correspon dent writes : — ' Mr. Shelley, the Victorian Government manager of the snagging parties, arrived here on Saturday last. It appears that Mr. Orr's remarks on the operations of these parties in clearing the river bave bad the (ffect of producing greater activity. Mr. Shelley proceeded to Wahgunyab to order five small punts to dispatch parties to cut down the pro jecting snags to the present low level of the river. This is an alteration in the right direction. The river has not been so low for many years, and if this movement is not too late, there will be little obstruction with the river at its 'ordinary height.' — Pastoral Times. The Ganges. — Looking down from the balcOny, I see a man fight bis way to one of the priests. He gives a small packet into bis hands. Fold after fold of cloth is removed by the priest. At length he comes to a small inner packet, which he opeua carefully, and drops from it a white powder on to the stone step before him. He spreads out the powder, handling it with peculiar care. He takes a piece of money from it ; he then says some prayers over it, and finally washes it away into the sacred river. ' What is tbat powder ?' I ask of a native behind me. ' His father's ashes,' he answers, pointing to the pilgrim. ' If a man cannot die on the banks of the sacred river, his' next great wish is that his ashes may be cast into it. — Cornhill Magazine. Holloway's Ointment and Pills.— HeaUrfg not Harmful. — No application has met wijji the eame universal approbation for curing all external ailments as that wbjjch this Unguent ha*4ecejved, skin sores, deen^H«rs, fetid discha^jes, burns, blistered surfirces, /and many similar affections are at once^sootlyra and put jm the road to soundneafby Hftlloway's Oipfrnent: WiUi^h e, OintmeM' ajjfli the Pills thpr wealthy m&y; tbemsflWs much suffering and the Jpoot/mw help t&emselves; to health, since th«/se nredica ments are reasomrole in price and can be purchased in evpr hamlet. They have tffected cures of Btiffjoints, swelled legs, and ulcerated limbs, gnd/$pened out the prospect of a bappy future after every hope of recovery had been given it p. — -Advt. 