News by the Mail. ( FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 26. Christmas-time brings with it the usual quietness in public and commercial circles, attention being devoted especially to the culture of social and domestic amenities and: enjoyments. The general prosperity of the country, unparalleled as it is, in- creases the means of personal and social gratification, from which the wage- classes are by no means excluded. In all the im- portant manufacturing oentres there is suffi cient activity to raise the handicraftsmen above penury; so that in the hilarity and indulgences of the season they are able to share with their wealthier neighbors. There is one drawback, and that is rather serious—namely, the high price of meat; and this is hardly likely to be lower, until we can have importations of preserved fresh meat from abroad. The Society of Arts is paying great attention to the pro cesses for preserving meat; and there seems some probability that one or two will be practically and profitably available. The rinderpest does not seem to be leaving the country; indeed, in Scotland and the north of England and Wales, it is on the increase. In the week ending December 9, 5300 beasts are said to have been attacked by it—nearly doable the number reported in any previous week. The farmers are now going to the Government in great trepida tion, begging them to adopt most vigorous measures. They ask that the transit of live cattle from one place to another may be stopped, and even the removal from one part of a farm to another. This looks ominous from a class that so fears Government intrusion as to refuse the return of agricultural statistics. Although different curative remedies are employed, it cannot be said that anything absolutely specific has been discovered. Many fairs and markets have been stopped until the disease shows some signs of abatement. The Queen has lost another near rela tive, and judicious counsellor and friend, in the King of the Belgians. His Majesty Leopold I. expired at a quarter to 12 on the morning of the 10th instant, in the possession of bis faculties, and surrounded by his royal family. As he was so inti mately connected with our own court, well known to our aristocracy, and at one time highly popular with all Englishmen as the husband of the lamented Princess Char lotte, the Court was ordered to go into mourning until 4th January, and a notifi cation was gazetted that aU persons were expected to put themselves into mourning for ten days. His Majesty was 75 years of age, and was the oldest European monarch. Daring a reign of 35 years he not only proved himself a most able, saga cious, and patriotic monarch, securing the intelligent allegiance of his own subjects in the most critical periods of recent his* tory, but he made for himself a perfectly unique position among European sovereigns. For, secured against political intrigues by the neutrality of Belgium, he became the iriend and the counsellor of his kingly col leagues. The new King of the Belgians, Leopold H, though very young, and hardly giving promise of his father's wisdom, has been hailed by the people with accla mations, which there is no reason to doubt are perfectly sincere. It is stated that on receipt of the news of the late king's death, Queen Victoria sent one of her maids of honor to Brussels to receive from the lips of the Queen of the Belgians a detailed ac count of the last moments of the king. This death, occurring at this juncture, would not diminish her Majesty's grief on the return of the anniversary of the de cease of Prince Albert. It is four years since he departed this life. The occasion was observed with more than usual solem nity ty her Majesty and the various mem bers of the royal family. They repaired to the anftsoleum, where the prince's remains will'finally rest, and a very solemn service was conducted by the Dean of Windsor. There are, however, increasing signs that utedark shadow is slowly passing away. Her Majesty's private baud has been called upon to do duty after a long mournful silence. It was also authorita tively announced, early in the month, that the Queen would open the new Parliament on the Ist of February, if her health would j permit Whether the death of the King of the Belgians will lead to a change of determination we cannot say—probably not. But though the Queen consents to open Parliament in person, the grandeur and show of the days of old will be so altered and modified that it will be hard for the spectators to know whether they should greet her Majesty's return with shoots or silent regrets. We are told that instead of the old unweildy state coach, what is called a " dress carriage" will be nsed; that the robes of state, in stead of being actually worn by her Majesty, will be merely laid upon the throne; and that the speech itself, instead of being read by her Majesty, will be read by the Lord Chancellor. The late Speaker of the House of Com mons, the Hon. E. J. Denison, will, it is said, be re-elected without opposition; then will come the swearing-in of the members, and after some days have been thus con sumed, they must settle down to a session of real hard work. Debates on Jamaica, and the ministerial announcements on the subject of Reform, will make the House lively enough, and there will be on over whelming mass of private business. More than a hundred election petitions are said to be in preparation, and plans for 340 Railway Bilk have been deposited with the Board of Trade. It is now fully under stood that the new Reform Bill will be pretty much confined to an extension of the suffrage, not laterally, but in the direction of lower rental. Indeed, Earl Russell has publicly stated, that he thought " the time had come for a further admission of the working classes to a share in the adminis tration;" but he added, considering the opposition which the measure would be sure to encounter, the Government ought not to proceed with a bill" unless it was fully matured and grounded upon well authenti- cated facts." This latter remark intimates caution. But the Globe is very sanguine about the matter, and says that there is no intention of handing over the question to a oomuiissioa. It will be dealt with as <: becomes the dignity and importance of the subject," and will be introduced on lie responsibility of the Government. We are ,' iiirthei assured that there will be no delay, S3 ti.e- " Government are most anxious to have the question settled, and they are ready to undertake the task." The Irish liberal members have met in Dublin for two days' conference. They have adopted a programme, which includes a demand for a Tenant Right Bill, the re moval of the " intolerable grievance" of the temporalities of the Irish Established Church, a charter to the Roman Catholic University, the adoption of the denomi national system of education, and other matters of minor interest. A committee has been appointed to mature a Tenant Right Bill, to be submitted to Parliament. They ask also that " the necessary safe guards for the security of the voter" should be given, in case any measure of reform is extended to Ireland. And they lay down a very dangerous principle—that it is the duty of the Government to "assist, by wise and fostering legislation, in developing the wealth of the country and the industry and i enterprise of the people." This, however, is in accordance with Irish traditions. Stephens, the Fenian "Head Centre," showed hi 3 cleverness by bribing bis gaolers, and thus escaping from the hands of the Saxons, whom, only a few days before, he scornfully defied from the dock. Itisnotlikely he willbecaughtagain, though JglOOOreward have been offered for his apprehension, for i he has been seen and heard of in Paris. His brother conspirators are less fortunate; special and extra guards have been set over them; legal pleas and quibbles and chal lenges have been set aside or overcome; and before the Special Commission in Dub lin and Cork they have received heavy sentences'of ten and twenty years' penal ser vitude. The men do not deny that their object was to raise a rebellion for the pur ' pose of severing Ireland from the British Crown. They glory in their object, and recount the revolutionary heroes with whom they expected their names to be associated in history. There is clear evi dence also that plans of massacre were discussed among them, though the prisoners say they were rejected and repressed. The men cannot pretend that they have not been fairly tried, while the limited attend ance at the trials, and the quietness with which the results have been received, show that they do not possess the sympathy of the great mass of the Irish nation. One of the prisoners at Cork made a successful technical objection. He was "an Ameri can Irishman," had been in the Con federate army, and was arrested on board a steamer at Queenstown before he could land. He pleaded, therefore, that he was an alien, and had not brought himself under the operation of oar laws. The judges allowed his plea, and so he escaped. Handbills are still in circulation in Ireland, telling the people "to prepare and be ready, for a day of glory ap proaches," when *" upon the rains of Eng lish tyranny they shall have a Republic of the People." The Fenians have fallen oat among themselves in America, realising the ancient dictum about a house divided against itself. Public feeling is very strong with refer ence to the Jamaica outbreak. The friends of the negro are very severe in their denun ciations of Governor Eyre and his subordi nates. On the other hand, these find stout defenders, who affirm that severe repressive measures were necessary. Hitherto the evidence has come almost entirely from one side; but the Governor and his agents have been condemned on the showing of their despatches, letters, and proceedings. Public meetings have been held in many large towns and cities, and deputations have waited on Earl Russell and Mr. Card well. The indignation shown would pro bably have been greater if it had been known that 200 women had been flogged with the cat. It is not improbahfe that some of the Governor's proceedings may be partially justified, and good ground may be shown for serious apprehension on the part of the whites. The riot became a very alarming affair, and spread with great rapidity. Great excesses were committed by the mob. But the retaliation was awful. The wholesale mas-, sacres of negroes, the " catting" on sus picion only, the cruel exposure and flogging of women, cannot be justifiedeven under pre tence of martial law —it was sheer lawless ness and license, like that given to the soldiery at the sack of a city. The pro cedure by which Gordon was delivered over to a court-martial for trial was illegal—a court composed of three subalterns, whose united ages do not amount to 70 years. The attempt of the Governor to abolish the liberties of the island, and by a coup to change the constitution, cannot be defended. He has therefore been superseded, pending investigations. Sir Henry Storks, formerly Governor of the lonian Islands, was sum moned from Malta, and went out by the last mail. He will arrive about January 1, and will at once take the reins. His commission recites that great disaffection is alleged to have prevailed in Jamaica, that grievous disturbances had broken out, and that " excessive and unlawful severity" had been used in their suppression. The Premier has remarked " that the letters written by some subalterns were in a tone of unbecoming levity in regard to these events. It is said that Sir Henry Storks | will not sit upon the Commission of Inquiry. But who will be the Commissioners is not determined. There is some difficulty in persuading men of judgment sufficiently ripe, and character sufficiently weighty, to undertake a duty likely to be unpleasant and arduous. Our ex-judges are old, and cannot go. Sir Laurence Peel, an Indian judge, declines to go; so also does one of the Irish judges. An influential committee has been formed to watch proceedings, and counsel has been retained to represent and defend any persons who may be ag grieved before the Commissin, or in the law courts. There will be sad dis closures when a thorough investigation takes place—not only in respect to the riots and their consequences, but also in respect to the long- operating causes of the riots. Turning to a more agreeable subject, the marriage of the Princess Helena claims attention. Her fortunate suitor is his Serene Highness Prince Frederic Christian Charles Augustus, of Slesvig Holstein Sonderburg Augusteuberg, brother of the Duko of Augustenberg (who claims the duchies), anil a major in the Prussian Guards. The young- prince, having no principality to govern, nor any certain prospect of future sovereignty, v.ill be able to reside in England. Thus her Majesty will be able to enjoy the continued society of her daughter, and employ her services to represent her sometimes on State occasions. The preparations for the bridal trousseau ! have been commenced, but no date has > yet been announced for the marriage, j Frogmore Lodge has been pointed out as not unlikely to become the home of their ; Royal Highnesses. But his Serene High- ; ness was reminded the other day of the ! proverb, " There's many a slip," &c;, for j on his departure for the Continent, the • Samphire, mailboat, in which he was a > passenger, was run into by an American | barque, and towed back to Dover in a sink- < ing state. Five persons lost their lives, though the Prince was saved. j Important changes in the Admiralty are predicted. It is rumored that Rear- Admiral Robinson will resign his appoint- j ment as Controller of the Navy; that Sir j Fredk. Grey, or Sir W. F. Martin will suc ceed Sir Michael Seymour at Portsmouth; that Lord Clarence Paget will relieve Sir Robert Smart in the Mediterranean. There is also a piece of gossip, that the Junior Lordship of the Admiralty is to be raised to a position of influence and dignity, un der the title of Financial Lordship, with a salary of £2000 a-year. Mr. Stansfield and Mr. Baxter have been mentioned for this post. Lord Granville, the President of the Council, will become Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, an office held by Lord Palmerston at the time of his death, in which he succeeded the Duke of Welling ton. Sir Francis Baring, and Sir John Romilly, are to be elevated to the peerage. The former will take the title of Lord Northbrook; the latter that of Lord Romilly. On the assembling of Parlia ment, Dr. Jenne, Bishop of Peterborough, will for the first time take his seat as a spiritual peer. Mr. Hott, late Vice-Presi dent of the Board of Trade, has been gazetted K.CJB., having previously declined a baronetcy. The Government failed to obtain a con viction in the Court of Queen's Bench, against Captain Corbett, of the Sea King alias Shenandeah. It is thought highly probable that a re volution may ere long drive away the Queen of Spain and all her dynasty. Her subjects are disgusted with her profligacy, and she is surrounded by a camarilla of priests and nuns who will not suffer her ministers to get her ear. Having in a cowardly manner stayed away from Madrid : during the prevalence of the cholera she made public entry into her capital last Tuesday. An entente was expected, bat such an imposing military display was made that disturbance was impossible. Spain has accepted the good offices of France and England as mediators in her dispute with Chili, bat her bullying atti tude to the Sooth American republics creates nothing but disgust The Emperor of Austria has been making friends with the Hungarians. He has opened the Diet at Pesth with the fairest promises of constitutional Government. The magnates received him with the ut most enthusiasm, and there is plenty proof that the people of Eorope are still well in clined towards monarchy if they are allowed to have a fair share of the manage ment of their own affairs. The financial position of Italy is very serious. Signor Sella reports an estimated deficiency for 1860 of 265,000,000 of francs. He dare not reduce the army, and he can only propose a tax upon doors and windows, and another upon corn! which will still leave a deficit of 100,000,000 francs. It is doubtful whether the people will submit to a corn tax. The Pope's affairs are no better. Nobody will take his notes, and the sendi are so much depreciated in value, that the people melt them instead of passing them. The coin nsed in the Papal States, in spite of the Pope's thunders, is that of excommunicated Italy. In Greece there has been another change of Ministry—the sixth within a year. Party spirit makes Government almost im possible. The Greeks are unchanged since the day Paul wrote to the Corinthians "I perceive that there are contentions among you.** Mr. Bright has been making a great speech on reform to his constituents in Birmingham. He hat become such a warm supporter of the Ministry, so adula tory of the Queen, and so well-spoken to everybody but the Tory party, that people insist that he is preparing to take office. In Manchester, men go so far as to say that the Duchy of Lancaster is being kept open for him. There has always be*n a kindly feeling between him and Earl Russell; bat it is hardly likely that he will be invited to join the Ministry. He would add little real strength to it, while he would deeply offend the aristocracy. Mr. Lash, Q.C., has been made a Judge in the room of Mr. Justice Crompton, de ceased. The appointment is universally acknowledged to be a good one. A young barrister, at a recent bar mess, proposed to amend the common toast of " Woman and Wine* by giving instead " Shee and Lush." The first bit of Church patronage which has fallen to the disposal of the present Ministry has been given to the Rev. W. R. Fremantle, the examining chaplain of the Bishop of London, and known for his decided adhesion to the Essay and Reviews School. The Evangelists are furious at this token that the stream of State favor is no longer to flow through their pastures. The publication of a book by Dr. Pusey, which he calls " Eire'nikon," in which he points oat the way by which the Anglican and Romish Churches might be united, has made a sensation. He seems to object to nothing but the Mariolatry and Ultramon tanism of Rome. (fbok ovb pibii ooxßUKunnare.) December 27. Ox Sunday, 10th December, 1865, at 10.30 a.m., and after a short struggle, Leopold 1., King of the Belgians, de parted this life at the age of 75. This termination of a long and useful We has ! created a general sensation, though it was ' not expected that His Majesty could long : resist the numerous attacks he has had to [ undergo of late. All other political sub-' jects are now set aside, the King's demise being the general theme of conversation.. The famous treaties of 1825, which were ; the basis of international rights, may be { said no louger to exist, and Belgium, the j offspring of a violation of one of these treaties, can enjoy but a very uncertain ! existence, placed as it is in the midst of antagonistical, ambitions, and of great power 3 with wonderful appetites. Whilst '■ Leopold L was alive, the Belgian nation- ality had nothing to fear; the King was distinguished for his high wisdom, and was moreover allied with the majority of European potentates, either by marriage or by friendship; the necessity of having an arbitrator to settle any diplo matic differences, was a guarantee that Belgium would remain inviolate during his : life time. But now that the king is no more, what barrier is there against the | ambition of Napoleon IH., who, it is well ! known, covets, what is called by a certain I number of papers, the national frontiers ? Who that does not know that in 1852, the decree annexing the kingdom of Bel gium to France was signed by the em peror, and that the publication of the Moniteur with the same had already began. It was only at the request of M. de Moray, then very influential, that Napoleon IQ. altered his decision. The public and Europe awoke the following morning, little doubting the immense danger European peace had run in the night; and it was only long after that the world learned what the historian of Na poleon L was capable ol Why should he not do in 1866 what he intended doing in 1852? Will not some pretext be formed by France — some odious pretext — to meddle in the af fairs of Belgium, in order to re establish order f Once order re-established there will be an indemnity required, as the Savoy, to cover our expences in the Italian expedition. These are the questions now put by those fond of justice and inimical to the invasion of despotism in that little corner of the continent, Belgium, where liberty has taken refuge. Let us examine and see if the above mentioned fears are justified. Belgium, in 1865, is divided into two parties, both influential, but—let it be said to their glory—calling on the name of liberty. There is the Catholic or Ultrmon tane party, and the liberal party. Leopold, a Protestant, in a Catholic country, spent his j whole life in trying to keep peace between these two, and though his sympathies were j in no way liberal, he mostly lent his, assistance to the members of the Anti- Ultramontane action, who were the repre- i sentatives of the general public opinion, he considered it to be his duty as a constitutional king. Of late, the Ultramontane party, seeing the demo cratic liberals daily gaming ground, have had recourse to their old dodge of calling out that they are oppressed and persecuted; they have ever since 1861 taken advantage of the differences existing between the Government and the mining and sugar manufacturing districts relative to the tariffs, to insinuate the possibility of an ultimate annexation to France. The fact is indisputable, for, whilst our liberal press scouts any idea of incorporating the kingdom of Belgium, the Union and the Monde (two Parisian Ultramontane papers) declare openly, and without disguise, that if Leopold It, late Duke of Brabant, shows himself unfavorable to the Catholic party there will be disturbances in Brus sels. Other symptoms make us fear that the destinies of Belgium lie in their hands. If the young king ascends the throne without disturbance of any kind, and if the patriotism of the antagonistical factions abstain from rancour for a tiae at least Belgium may be saved; if not it is to be feared that HerrJVon Bismarck, the Prussian Premier, on the one hand, and NapoleonUL, on the other, will share the booty. The army in Belgium is decidedly favorable to France— ue. t the officers, who naturally enough would prefer being in the service of France. Let us, however, return to that important person called " Leopold L, King of the Belgians." He was a scion of the house of Coburg, born on the 16th December, 1790. He married, in 1816, Charlotte, Princess of Wales, daughter of George IV., King of F^gia^ and had she not died in 1817, he would have been in much the same position as was the late Prince Consort. After the battle of Navarino, he was offered the kingdom of Greece, which he refused. Elected King of the Belgians by the National Congress of 4th June, 1831, be accepted the crown conditionally on the 26th June, and finally took the constitutional oath 21st July, 1831\. The following year he married Louise, daughter of Louis Phillip, King of the French. He was one of the most sin gular persons imaginable. To see him walking about the streets of Brussels, like any private individual, one would have little thought how this potentate had created for himself a second nature very different from his own. He was the idol of the Belgian people, who mourn his loss as king has never been moarned for. Once, but only once, during his long reign did he htve to complain of his subjects. It was in 1832. The mob, no doubt under the influence of foreign instigators to insurrec tion, receiving the word of command from Paris, appeared under the windows of the royal palace, proclaiming the downfall of the king and the of a re public. Leopold came forward and ad- \ . dressed the public in'the following words:— j "My friends, I see we cannot remain i.together; you wish for a republic—good; return to your homes peaceably, give me time to make the necessary preparations, and I will shortly leave Belgium. I have sworn to make yon happy; I will keep my word." The mob, affected even to tears by the words of the king, dispersed quietly, shouting, "Long live the King." His Belgium Majesty was a great traveller, and never failed to be present whenever two sovereigns were to meet. Did two ambitious potentates agree to come together in any puce to change the map of Europe, quick as lightning Leopold was there to put a spoke in their wheel. At a time when there was a talk in France of inter vening in favor of Poland, I one day saw him taking an ice at Tortoni's, on the Boulevard dcs Italians, two days after, the statu quo had been decided upon. ! Well, this model king, this citizen king, | was at heart a mixture of Talleyrand, of Palmerston, and of Nicholas L All sim plicity and good nature in the streets of Brussels, nobody was a greater stickler for royal etiquette than he was when in his palace at Laeken. An out and out aris tocrat —egotistical in the extreme—he had caused the unhappiness of his second wife by bis immoral private life; he had not the slightest affection for his children, whom he only embraced on his death bed. He is said to have thoroughly des pised the Belgiau people, whom he however, made happy by respecifcg their will. He possessed that virtue which Montesquieu calls the " soul of monarchs," and which is aristocratic honor. He had sworn to defend a constitution he was averse to; but, his word was sacred, and he did his duty. He is worthy of the fol lowing epitaph:—"Here lies the greatest king, the only king of the present time." Let us hope that the work he has contri buted to in so powerful a manner, may not be lost —however, " piano," I fear it, for on Saturday last, there was a Cabinet Council held at Compiegne. The question of annextion was debated; but the follow ing letter, published by the Moniteur, shows us that there is no cause of anxiety for the present at least. The letter of Napoleon TEL, to the Doc de Brabant, says:— "It v with the deepest regret that the Empress and myself hare received the newt of the death of your father. Hi* wisdom and sagacity had placed him at the head of the sovereigns of Europe. He always showed me so much affection, that I sincerely deplore his low. I doubt not but that your royal highness will fellow in the footsteps of your lamented father. I shall be happy to prove my friend ship to yon.—Naiohox? " Latest news from Brussels bring most satisfactory accounts; the greatest calm prevails, and even the Ultramontanes, are dignified and moderate in their language. The national patriotism showed itself on Change yesterday: the 4| Belgian funds rose 2 francs, and those of the National Bank 70 francs. The sew king receives addresses from all parts of the country, the latest is that of the Grand Masonic Lodge of Belgium. Leopold L was a zealous Freemason, and was grand master of one of the English lodges. I have neither time nor space to examine the tenor of the language of our European press relating to the death of King Leo pold ; the general opinion, however, seems to be that the event will not cause any great change in things existing. My next will give you a more detailed account of all these matters, and what is the drift of public opinion. The funeral of the King of the Belgians took place on the lGthDecember. The whole nation may be said to have been present. Brussels has hardly been large enough to contain the crowds that poured in from all j parts to take a parting look at the lamented Iking. I The royal corpse had been conveyed from J the palace of Laeken to Brussels the night before, by torch-light Thousands and thousands accompanied the cortege, which I presented a most imposing scene. The following day the Duke of Brabant —the late king's eldest son—made his solemn entry into bis capital, and there took the constitutional oaths in presence of his royal relations who bad attended the fune- I ral, and the members of the Senate and the , deputies of the Chamber. The assistants one and all remained sitting and with their heads covered—a symbol of the superiority of the people over their sovereign. The king made a short speech, in which he spoke of his attachment to the constitution, and his firm intention of mftin*ftiping it; he then received the addresses of the Senate and of the Legislative Corporation. The royal speech was constantly interrupted by loud exclamations of applause. Events such as the death of the King of the Belgians, would in ordinary times be sufficient to fill a weekly correspondence ; I have, however, other things to talk about. Another warning has been given to the editor of the Phare de la Loire. It will be remembered that he has already under gone a month's imprisonment. The monopoly enjoyed by the hackney coaches for so long a time in Paris has just been abolished. Progress is slow in France. The Court festivities at Compiegne have been suspended, in consequence of the death of the King of the Belgians. There is to be an election in the department of the Orne. It is expected that the opposition will triumph, but these are trifles; the important event of the day is the mission of General Sehofield, which is denied by some, and affirmed by others. As far as I am concerned, I am well aware of the object of the general's journey to Paris. No one will make me believe that it is to see the beauties of the French capital. In a banquet held at the Grand Hotel by numerous citizens of the United States, several toasts were drunk to the maintainance of friendly relations between America and France. Mr. Biglow, the American envoy, alluded to the mission of General Sehofield in very general terms, the latter is said to have had several inter views with Mom. Drouyn de l'Huys, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs; there is, it is certain, a negotiation going on for the ultimate evacuation of French troops from Mexico. General Sehofield under takes, on the part of the United States, that no attack of any kind shall take place on the new empire of MttTimifan. Mons. Drouyn de l'Huys, on the other hand, pro mises to withdraw the French troops with in the space of two yean. The entente cordiale between Mr. Biglow, General Sehofield, and M. Druoyn de.l'Huys appears to be perfect, but let us hear what is whis pered, and peep at the other side of the medaL Whilst Sehofield is carrying out the instructions of his government in Paris, it is said that the United States consul at Alexandria has banded to the Viceroy of Egypt a protestation against sending negro troops to Mexico. This protestation is accompanied, I am told (but I cannot in a measure guarantee the fact) by a declara tion that the United States Government is decided upon not allowing a monarchy to be set up at its frontiers. I cannot, as already mentioned, vouch for the truth of these statements, and can hardly believe them; however, the protestation seems certain; it can, how ever, only be said to exist like a sword of Demodess over the head of the French Government* in case it should not seriously think of evacuating Mexico. I will dwell no longer on this subject, which is far from being a topic of universal interest. You are, perhaps, well aware, Mr. Editor, that for a fortnight after new year diplomacy may be said to be at a perfect stand stilL life is but a span; we, how ever, find means to make it shorter; it will not be until after the opening of the French Chambers that politics will be of interest; the Imperial opening speech will inform us of the Emperor's intentions respecting Mexico. A propos of the Emperor, the re port is false that Leopold had named Napoleon HL his executor. When the news of the death of the King of the Belgians arrived the Imperial Court was at Compiegne, spending its time in the pleasures of the chase, and revelry of every kind worthy of the times of the regency. I must inform you that the Emperor is | very fond of the game of quoits, which he ! often plays with his cousin, the Princess i Murat. You have reads description of the rather equivocal tableaux vivantt and charades, the passe-temps of the Imperial Court, which would lead us to believe that we shall return to the corrupt times of Louis XV., without either its taste or its witty literary productions. Le Due de Massa, a young noblemen, has taken upon himself to fill the place that our great writers used to occupy at the ' court of Le Grand Louis. He has just treated the imperial guests at Compiegne with a play entitled " Let Commentaires de Casar" a kind of pot pourri, in which I the praises of the Emperor and his entou rage axe tang ad nausewn. The performance has, of course, been a great hit, and the j imperial guests speak wonders of the mis en scene and of the costumes of the j private theatricals at Compiegne. The plot of the piece is more or less meagre, and I will dispense you with a detailed account of it; suffice it to say, that the Emperor is compared to a coachman, j driving the coach of State, and the follow- , ing verses will give you an idea of the merit of M. de Massa's work:— Co cocher la jour et nuit, je vous jure, , Dv sifcge auguste ou le peuple la mis Depuis seixe ana, sail bien dune main sure, lLener son char et ses ooursiers soumis. Dcs trop fougueux eahnant reffervescence, Dee trop cramtiis corrigeant lee arreta, Son char, enfin, e'est eelui de la France, Et sou chemin s'appelle le progres. I The translation of which is for the bene- j fit of those who are not familiar with th« j French language:— | CTmAHSXATiojr.]—This coachman, night and j day, from the coach box where his people have I placed him, for the last sixteen years, drives with sore hand the chariot with its submissive steeds, tempering the effervescence of the restive, and stimulating the t""H; his *i**i»i<4 is that of France, andthe road he takes is that of pro gress. It may be said with much truth, that the French people are submissive to the lash of the coachman, but it is not very polite to the nation to tell it so. In the course of the performance a mule is introduced, and on one of the actors mounting it, he sings the following verses. It must be metioned that last summer performances were given by a mule named Rigolo, which nobody could mount, and was a source of amuse ment to thousands that flocked to the Hip podrome arena:— Les condamn^s de la cite" Bomaine Staient livres jadis aux animaux Us pe'ne'traient gravement dans l'atene Et prononcaient en Latin quelques mots Brav&nt; id eette bete ftroee Jepuiseommeeuxdes lon, eniaireaotant, Et sur son dos s'ecrier a tue tete, Horituri Cesar te salutaat. [Teakslatiox.—Those condemned of the Boman city, were formerly given up to wild beasts; they penetrated the arena, gravely ut tering some words in Latin, setting at nought this wild animal, can do as they did, I can ex claim at the top of my vice, Murituri Citar te uUutmmt. The Emperor is said to have held his sides with laughter. What would the ghosts of Meliere and of other great writers say, were they to return and see the trash that is now offered to the lovers of dramatic art f In Italy, the debates of the Parliament of Florence begin to take a serious turn. Signor Meria, a conservative, lias been named President. I must begin by noting the important diplomatic documents laid on the table by the president of the council, General Le Marmora, and the financial ac counts by M. Sella, Minister of Finance. The Roman question, and the convention of the 15th of September, are evidently the most interesting questions on the tapis. The following orders have been transmitted to the officials on the Roman frontier:— " Every means are to be used to protect the Pope from attack, but, as it is not likely that harmony can long reign between the Pontificial soldiers and those of Victor Emanuel, any idea of their acting in con cert against the brigands is to be aban doned." Bismarck drawl in his horns, as the children say of the snails. I mean that there is not much to be said about Prussia, as Bismarck finds that Austria can for the present keep out of his dutches, having been fortunate enough to negotiate a loan of 500,000,000. The Emperor Francis Joseph has now something eke to do, and has no time to wrangle with the Prussian Premier about Schleswig-Holstein. Whilst lam writing the Austrian Emperor is opening the Hun garian Diet, and the crisis the Austrian Ministry has had to go through is coming to an end. The question is, whether M. Deak, the preponderating chief of the Hun garian party, will propose a compromise to the Crown, or whether the Crown will fol low a conciliatory policy ; the latter is most likely ; as it, is the reception of the Emperor by the people has been excellent. It would be premature to say anything of the denouement of the present embroglio. In looking further into matters we per ceive that the cramped position of Italy is caused by the financial situation of the country, which obliges her to levy new taxes and take the money out of the pockets of the farmers, hitherto accustomed to a cheap government. The ministerial party in the chambers has but a slight majority. The radicals, who alone may be said to have had any real influence, are in a state of decomposition. The only paper, the organ of the last-named party, the Unita Italiana, has just died a natural death for want of means and subscriber!. Garibaldi himself seems to be but the ghost of what he was, living more in the memory of those abroad than in that of his fellow countrymen. In consequence of several elections which have been cancelled, there still remains eighty seats in Parliament to be filled up. Fresh elections, the result of which may in a great measure modify the number of votes of each party, will take place toward the 29th or 30th of December, 1865. The question is, will General Le Marmora and his ministry live until then. I, for my part, lean towards the negative. If the situation of Italy is an embarrassed one, that of the Papal government is deplorable in the extreme. Money scarce, so much so, that a loan of 45 millions has been resorted to at great sacrifice, in order to alleviate the j dreadful monetary crisis reigning in Rome j for several weeks, where nothing but small coin is to be found. 