B L AC K S H E E P. (fhom all the year round.) -.chapter viii— (Continued), glamouh. . She thanked George, told him she was going nearly as far as Amherst by the ' shoi-t ont,' which lay through her uncle's land, and the two young people in another minute found themselves walking side'by side, as if such an arrangement were quite a matter of course, to which Mrs Grundy could not possibly make any objection. Of covirse, it was Jughly imprudent, not to say improper, and one of the two was perfectly conscious alike of the impru dence and the impropriety; perfectly conscious, also, that both were increased by the fact that he wa3 George Dallas, and the young lady was Clare Carrutkers', the niece of his step-father, the girl, mainly, on whose account he had been shut from the house called by courtesy his mother's. As for Clare Cariuthers, she knew little or nothing of life and the world, of observances and rules of behavior. Sheltered from the touch, from the breath, from the very knowledge of ill, the girl had always been free with a frank innocent freedom, happy with a guile less happiness, and as unsophisticated as any girl could well be in this wide-awake realistic nine teenth century. She was highly imaginative, em phatically of the romantic temperament, and, in short, a Lydia Languish without tho caricature. Her notions of; literary men, artists, and the like, were derived from their works ; and as the little glimpse wlaich she had as yet had of society (she had only ' come out ' at the ball at Poynin ;s in February) had not enabled her to correct her ideas by com parison with reality, she cherished her illusions with ardor proportioned to their fallaciousness. The young men of her acquaintance were of either of two species : sons of country gentlemen, with means and inclination to devote themselves to the kind of life their fathers led, or military magnificoes, of whom' Clare, contraryto the fashion of young ladies in general, entertained a mean and contemptuous opinion.' When Captain Marsh and Captain Clitlieroe were home ' on leave,' they found it con venient and agreeable to . pass a good deal of their leisure at Poynings ; and as they happened to be ninnies of the first magnitude, whose insignificance in every, sense worth mention was only equalled by their conceit, Miss Carrathers had conceived a pre judiceagainst military men in general, founded upon her dislike of the two specimens with whom she was most familial'. Clergymen are not uncommonly lieroes in the imagination' of young girls, but the most determined curate-worshipper could not have inv.oBted the clergymen who cured the souls in and about Amherst with heroic qualities. They were three hi number. One was fat,' bald, and devoted to aiitiquariauism and port wine. Another was thin, pock-marked, ill-tempered, deaf, and a flute-player. The third was a magistrate, a fox-hunter, and a de spiserof womankind. In conclusion, all three were married, and Miss Camithers, was so nnsojriiisticated that, if they had' been all three as handsome and ir resistible as Adonis, she would never' have thought of ihern in' the way of mundane, admiration,' such beiiigtlie case. So Clare's imagination had no home pasture in which' to feed,' and it roamed far aneiu. It had taken its hue from her tastes, which were strongly pronounced, in the direction of literature. Clare had received a ' good education.;' that is to way, she had been placed by a fashionable mother under the care of a fashionable governess, who had superintended fashionable ' masters while they im parted a knowledge of music, drawing, dancing, and a couple of modern languages toiler pretty, docile, intelligent pupil. The more solid branches of in struction Clare had climbed up under Miss Petti grew's i personal care, and had ' done credit ' to her instructress, as the phrase goes. But the upshot of it nil was, that she had very little sound knowledge, and that the real educational process had Commenced for her with the termination of Miss Pottigrew's reign, and' had received considerable impetus when Clare had' been transferred—on the' not particularly lamented decease of the fashionable mother, who ?waii'Sir Thomas Boldero'd sister, imd remarkably unlike that hearty and unwordly country gentleman, — to Poynings and the guardianship' of Mr Ci»r ruthers. Then the 'girl began to read after her own fancy, indeed, unguuled, and uncontrollod.'but in an omnivorous fashion ; and as she was full of feeling, fancy, aiid enthusiasm, her raiding ran a good deal in the' poetical, roia ntic, and imaginative line. Novels she devoured, and she was of course a devotee of Tennyson and Longfellow, saying of the latter, as h'er highest idoa of praise, that she could hardly believe him to be an American, or a dwollor in thai; odious vulgar country, and wouderiug why Mrs Camithers seemed a iittlo annoyed by tiio observa tion. She read history, too, in-ovided it was pic turesquely written, and books of travel,' exploration, and advonturo she delighted in. Periodical litera ture she wns specially addicted to, and it was rather a ploasant little vanity of Clare to ' keep iip with ' all the serial stories— not confusing tho characters ortlio incidents, no matter how numerous they were, and'j;6 know tho table's of contents of all the maga zines and reviews' thoroughly.' She had so much ac'iiebs'to books that, as 'far m a lady's possiblo re- ! quirements. could go, it.nught.be said, without exag geration, to be uulunitedV Not only did the 'Syca- mores boast a firio' library, kept up -with the utmost care and attention by Sir Thomas ? Boldero, and of which she had freedom, but Poynings was also veiy1 respectably endowed in a. similar respect, and Mrs Camithers, as persistent ;i reader as Clare, if less discursive, subscribed' largely to Mudie's. Croquet had not yet assumed its sovereign sway over English young-persondoni, and none but ponderous and for mal hospitalities prevailed atPoyniiigs, so thiit Clare had 'ample leisure to bestow upon her books, her pets, and her flowers. She was so surrounded with luxury and comfort, that it was not wonderful she should invest opposite conditions of existence with irresistible charms, and her habitual associates were so common-place, so prosperous and ' conventional, that her aspirations for opportunities of hero-worship naturally directed themselves towards oppressed worth, unappreciated genius, and fiery hearts strug gling manfully with adverse fate. ' The red planet Mars' was a groat favorite with her, and to- suffer aiid be strong u, much finer idea to her mind than not to Suffer and to have no particular occasion for strength. She knew little of the realities of life, having never had a deeper grief than that caused, by the death of her mother, and she was in the habit of reproaching herself very bitterly with the super .fieiality and the insufficiency of the sorrow she had experienced on that occasion, and therefore mild and merciful judges would have. pitied and excused her errors of judgment, her. impulsive departure from conventional rules. Mild and merciful judges are not plentiful commodities, however, and Mrs Grundy would doubtless have had a great deal to say, and a very fail- pretext for saying it, had she seen Miss Camithers strolling through the fields which lay between the Sycamores and Amherst, in deep and undisguisedly delighted conversation with a strange young man who was apparently absorbed in the plea sure of talking to and listening toher, while Cresar trotted now by the side of one, anon of the other, with se rene and friendly complacency. Mrs .'Grundy was, however, not destined to know anything abont the ' very suspicious ' circumstance ' for the present. And George Dallas and Clare Carruthers, with the unscrupulous yielding to the. impulse of the moment, which affords youth such splendid opportunities of getting into scrapes, from which the utmost efforts of their elders are powerless to extricate them, walked and talked and improved the shining hours into a familiar acquaintance, which the girl would have called friendship, but which the young man felt, oily too surely, was love at first, sight. He had mocked 'at such an'idea, had denied, its existence, had derided it with tongue and pen, but here it was, facing him now, delivering to him a silent chal lenge to deny, dispute, or mock at it any more. A faint suspicion that the beautiful girl whom he had seen yesterday f.or the second time meant some tiring in his life, which no woman had ever meant before, had hung about him since he had left the Sycamores after their first interview ; but now, as he walked beside her, he felt tha,t he ha 1 entered the enchanted land, that he had passed away from old things, and the chain of his old life hucl fallen from him. For .weal or woe, present with her or absent . fram her, he knew 'he loved' this girl,' the one girl whom it was absolutely forbidden to him to love. ' ? They had talked cpmmoii-places at first, though each was conscious that the flurried 'earnestness of the other's manner was an absurd commentary upon the ordinary style' of then- conversation. George had asked, and Clare had implied, no permission for him to. accompany her on her walk ; he had quietly taken it for granted, and she had as quietly ac quiesced, and it 90 happened that they did not meet a single person to stare at the tall, gaunt-looking, but handsome stranger walking with. Miss Carruthers, to wonder who he ' mought a bin,' and proceeded to impart his curiosity to the servants at the Sycainores, or (he gossip at the alehouse. ' This path is not much used,' said George. ' No, very little indeed,' replied Clare. ' You see it does not lead directly anywhere but to the Sycamores, and so' the fanning people, my uncle's servants, and tradespeople, back and forward to the park chiefly use it. ' I often ' come this way and' dp not meet a soul.' ' ' ' ? ? ' ' Are you going into town ?' ' Not till the way': just '-to the turnpike on the Poynings road.' Do you know Mr Carrutkers's place, Mr Ward?' ' ..-?.,-.,... 1 » George felt rather uncomfortably as he answered in the negative, though it was in such a small mat ter, and the false statement did not harm anybody. He had told a tolerable number of lies in the course ef his life; but ho shrank with keen and unaccus tomed pain from making this girl, whoso golden brown eyes looked at him so frankly, whose sweet face beamed oil him so innocently, a false answer, ? '' ? ' I am going to the cottage on the roadside, just below the turnpike,' Clare continued; 'an old servant of my aunt lives there, and I have a mes sage from hur. I often go to see her, not so much from kindness, I'm afraid, as because I hate to walk outside the park without an object.' 'And you don't mind riding without an escort any more than you do walking without one,'' said George, not in the tone of question, but in that of a simple remark. Clare looked at him with some surprise ; he met tlie look with a meaniii'- smile. . ' o ' You dislike, the attendance) of a groom, Miss Carrnthers, and never admit it except in cases of necessity. You are 'surprised, I see :' yon will be still more surprised when I tell yon I learned this, not from seeing you ride alone in the park— there is nothing unusual in that, especially when you arc on such good terms with your horse — but from your own lips.' . ' From my own lips, whatt-»- \r\\\ possibly mean, Mr 'Ward ? I never saw you until yesterday, and I know I never mentioned the subject then.' The young niau drew imperceptibly nearer to her, on tho nnrroiv path whore they were talking, and as he spoke the following sentences, ho took from his breast-pocket a Iittlo note-case, which he held in his left liaud, at whicli she glanced curiously once or twice. ' ' You saw me, for tho first time yestorday, Miss Carruthers, but I had seen you before. I had seen you the centre of a brilliant society, tho pride and belle of a ball-room where I had no place.' ('Now,' thought George, 'if she only goes holnu and tells my mother all this, it will be a nice business. Never 'mind, I can't help it,' and ho went on impetuously.) The girl made no remark, but she looked at him with growing astonishment: ' You talked to a gentleman happier than I— for lie was with you— of 'your daily rides, and I heard all you suid. Forgive me, the first tone of your voice told nie it was but it light and trivial conversation; ?°V.I; ^'tinhl, not liave listened. to it.' (George is not certain that h'e': is telling th'c'truth here'i'bu^sue-'is' ?convinced' of 'it ; for is he not tin- author, aunrtisty a hero '{)? ' I cven}henid the gentleman's i name with whom you were talking, and ? jttsli' before you passed out of my hearing you unconsciously' gave mo this.1' ? ? ??????:? .??-.-. . - Ho opened the note- book, look otit a. folded slip of paper, opened that, too, and held towards Clare, but without giving' it into her hand, a slip' of nvyrtlo. ? '/gave you that, Mr Ward!' she exclaimed. ' I — whon — where— how ? What do you mean ? I remember ne such conversation as you describe ; I don't remember anything about a ball or a piece of myrtle.. When and where was it ? I have been out so little in London,' Now George had said nothing about London, but opportunely remembering that, he could not explain the circumstances he hud rather rashly mentioned, ?and that, unexplained; they might lend her to the conclusion that the pnrt he 'had played onthe mys ? terious occasion in question had been that of a burglar, he adroitly availed himself of her error. ? True, on the other hand, she might very possibly think 'that the only part which a spectator at a ball in London, who was not a partaker in its festivities, could have played must have been that of a waiter, which was not a pleasant suggestion ; but somehow he felt no ai-2-rehension on that score. The girl went on eagerly questioning him, bnt he only smiled, very sweetly and slowly, as he carefully re placed the withered twig in the note-book, and tho note-book in his pocket. ? 'I cannot answer your questions, Miss Cami thers ; this is my secret — a cherished one, I assure you. The time may come, though the probability . is very dim and distant just now, 'when I tell you when, aud_where, and how I saw you first ;. and if ever that time should come,' he stopped, cleared his voice, and went on, ' things will be so different with me that I shall have nothing to be ashamed or afraid of.' ' A.shameA of, Mr Ward ?' said Clare, in a sweet soft tone of deprecating wonder. All her curiosity had been banished by the trouble and sadness of his manner, and profound interest and sympathy had ; token its place. ' You think I ought not to use that word ; I thank you for the gentle judgment,' said George, his man ner indescribably softened and deepened ; 'but if I am in a position to tell you— but why do I tajik such nonsense ? I am only a waif, a stray, tin-own . for a moment hi your path, to be swept from it, the next and forgotten.' . This was dangerous ground, and they both felt ; it. A chance meeting, a brief asscciation which . perhaps never ought to have been ; and here was this ghl, well brought up, in the strictest sense of. : the term, yielding to the dangerous charm of the stranger's society, and feeling her heart die within her as his words showed the jirospeet before her. Her complexion died too, for Clare's was a tell-talo face, on which emotion had irresistible power. George saw the sudden paleness, and she knew; he : saw it. ' I — I hope not,' she said, rather incoherently. ' I — I think not. You are an artist and an author, you know.' (How ashamed George felt, how abashed in the presence of this selfrdehuling inno cence of hers !) 'And I, as well as all the' world shall hear of. you.' ... ' You, as well as all the-world,' he repeated, in a dreamy tone. ' Well, perhaps so. I will try to think bo, and to hope it will be- ? ' ???'?- He stopped ; the gentleman's nature in hiih still existing, still ready at call, notwithstanding liis de gradation, withheld hiin from presuming oii ' the1 position in which lie found himself, and in ' whicli the girl's innocent inipulsivncs3 had placed ' her. To him, with his knowledge of who she wns| ' and who he was,.with tlio ' curious relation. 'd'f severance which existed between tliehi, the sbrt'b'f'in'timticv which sprung up, had not so'mucll strarigWess ns it externally exhibited, and he'had to remind 'hiiifc self that ho did not share that knowledge,' arid there fore stood on a different lovel to his.'in tlie matter; He determined to get off the' dangerous ground; arid there was a convincing 'pi-oof in that determination that th'o^ tide had turned foi: tlie ; young irinn1 ; that he had indeed resolved on ' the better wayv His re venge upon Ids step-father lay ready to his hanit ; the' unconscious girl made it 'plain' to him that he had excited a strange arid strong interest in her; It was' riot a bad initiation of the prodigal's project of reform that he renounced that revenge, and turned away froni' the temptation to improve his cliance advantage into the establishment of tin : a Vowed mutual _ interest. This step he took' bj'' say ingi g°%,- ' Then I have your permission to send you my first work, Miss 'Carrtfth'ers',' and you pro mise it a place in that'' grand -old 'library 1 had a gliunwe of yesterday?' ' '; ' ? * ' A little shade of something like distt2-pointment crossed Clare's face. The sudden transition in iris, tone jarred with h'er feelings of curiosity, romance, and flattered vanity. For Glare Wd lier ineed 6f that quality, like other women and men, and had never had it so pleasantly gratified as on the present occasion. But she had too much good breeding to be pertinacious on any subject, and too much de licacy of perception to fail in taking the hint which the alteration in George's manner conveyed. S.6 there wa's'uo further allusion to the sprig of myrtle or to the future' probability of a disclosure ; but the two walked on together, niid tallied of boots, pic tures, and the toils and triuurnhs of a literary life (George, to do him justice, not affecting 'a larger share in them than was really liis), until they nenred Miss Carruthers's destination. The footpath which they had followed had led them by a gentle rise in tlie ground to the brow of a little hill, similar to that from which George had seen bus mother's carriage approach from: Amherst on the preceding day, but from tlio opposite end of the town. Immediately under the brow of a little hill, and np proaehed by the path, which inclined towards its trim green gate, stood a neat small cottage, in a square bit of garden, turning its red-brick vine covered side to the road beneath. When George saw this little dwelling, he knew his brief spell of enjoyment was over. ' That is the cottage,' said Clare, and he had the consolation of observing that there wns up particular elation in her voice or in her face. ' Sir Thomas built it for its present tenant.' ' Shall you be going back to tho Sycainores alone, Miss Cfimithers ?' askod Godrge, in the most utterly iirolfvant wanner. He had a wild notion of 'asking leave to wait for her, and escort her home. Again Clare blushed as sho replied, hurriedly : ' No, I shall not. My aunt is to pick mo up hero in tho carriage, on her way to tho town, and 'I re, tm-n to Poynings this evening. I have been away a fortnight.' ' ' ' '? ? - ' George longed to question her concerning life at Foynings; longed to mention hia mother's name, or to s'ay ^ something to the girl fliat would leatl.uciv ? to mention it ; but the risk- was too great, and he re frained. ? , . 'Indeed! and when do you return to the Syca- .'? mores?' was all he suid. ' -It is quite uncertain,' Hh'o replied. 'I fancy my uncle menus to go to London for part of ; tho sea son, but we don't quite know yet; he never ' say». muck about his plans.' She stopped abruptly, as if, 'Conscious that she was not conveying a very pleas ing impression of her uncle. George understood her, arid correctly, to refer to Mr Camithers. They had descended the incline by this time, muT were close to the cottage gate. It lay open, and. Ca-snr ran up to the prim little green, door.. ' Come here, sir,' oalled Clare ; ' please let; hint have tho basket again, Mr Ward. Old Willcpx retired him for me, from a puppy, and he tikes to see ? him at his tricks. Thank you. Now then, go on, Ca-sar.' .-,,'..?' Her hand was on the open gate, her face turned away from the cottage, towards George-^-it was no easier to her to say good-bye to her than, to him, he thought ; 'but it must be said, so he began to say it. .'?'''..' ' Then, Miss Carruthers, here I must leave you ; and soon I must leave Amherst.' ... Perhaps he hoped sho would repeat the invitation . of yesterday. She did not; she only said: , ' Thank you veiy much for your escort, Mi- Ward. Good-bye.' It was the coldest, most constrained of adieux. He felt it so, and yet lie was not altogether dissatis fied ; lie would have been more, so, htul she retained the natural grace of her manner and the sweet gaiety of her tone. He would have given much to touch her hand at parting, but she did not offer it ; but with h' bow passed up the little walk to the cottage door, and in a moment the door had closed upon her, and she was lost to his sight. He lingered upon the high road from whicli he \ ; could see the cottage, and gazed at the ?window in the hope of catching another glimpse of Clare ; but suddenly remembering that she might perhaps see , him from tlie interior of the room, and be offended . by his doing so, he walked briskly away in a frame of mind ' hard to describe, and with feelings of a conflicting character. Above the tumult of new : born love, of -pride, rage, mortification, anger, hope, the trust of youth in itself, and dawning resolutions . of good, there was this thought, clear and pro minent: ' If I am ever to see her again it shall be in my own character, and by no tricky subterfuge. If she , ever comes to care for me, she shall not be ashamed , of me.' George Dallas returned to the inn, where his tnctumity and preoccupation did not escape notice by the 'waiters and Mr Page, who accounted for it by commenting on his request for writing materials, to the use of which he addressed himself in his own room, as a 'hoddity of them 'literary gents ;if ;they ain't blabby and blaziii' drunk; they're most 'tunes 'uncommon sullen. This iin's a poetical ''chap, I .take it.' .?'.??? ;-.??? ? . , That evening George heard from his mother. She 'desired him to come to Poynings at twelve ? o'clock on the following Monday (this w/is Saturday), arid to wait in the shrubbery 011 the left 'of the' house' liritii she should join him. ' The note was brief, but' i'afftjetibnate, and o'f course made George understand that she had received the jewels. ? ??: ?????.' ?. Late in the afterhoou of the1 day which hadwit .ness'ed her second interview with the young itian wliofh she knew as Paul Ward, and with whoni ? her girlish fiihcy was delightfully busy; Clare Carruth'ers arrived at Poynings. She received ari affectionate greeting from Mrs Carruthers, inquired'- for .'her uncle, lenrued that no communication had been received from him that dayi and therefore lii« original arrangement to return on the following Tuesday morhing romained unaltered' ; and then went off to' see ' that Sir Lancelot;' who had been brought lionire from the Sycamores by a ''groom, wast well. eared 'for. ' Somehow;* the beautiful animal- had - a deeper interest than ever for his young- mistress. She touched his silken inane, with a ' lighter,' more lingering touch; she' talked to him with' a softer voice. '? '' ' ? ' ? ?'? ' ? ??i- : ' '.??? ? ' 'He did not forget to mention you,' she whispered to the' intelligent creature, as she held his muzzle in one hand ? and stroked his face with ihe other;' ' ' I wonder, I wonder, shall we ever' see him again.' ' ? ' Wheiithe two ladies were together in the drawing rooih that evening, and the lamps were lighted, cheerful fires burning brightly in the two' 'grates which were none too many for the proportions of the lioble room, the scene presented was one which would have suggested a confidential, cozy chat to the uiiiuitated male observer. . But there was no chat arid n6 confidence there that evening. Ordinarily » Mrs Camithers and Clare 'got on' together very nicely, anil were as thorough friends as the difference in their respectative ages and the trouble in the elder lady'.s life, hidden from the younger, would permit! But each was a woman of naturally inde pendent mind, and their companionship did not con strain either. Therefore the one sat down at a Writing-table and the other at a piano, without either feeling that the other expected to be talked to. Had not Mrs Carruthers's preoccupation, her absorption in the hopes and fears whicli were all inspired by h'er son, so engrosed her attention, that she could not have observed anything not sj-eeially impressed upon her notice, she would have seen that Clare was more silent than usual, that her manner was absent, and that she had a little the air of making music an excuse for thought. The leaves' of her music-book were not turned, and her fingers strayed over the keys, in old melodies played 'almost' ? unconsciously, or paused for many minutes of unbroken silence. She had not men tioned the incidents of the last two days to Mrs Carruthers, not that she intended to leave them finally unspoken of, but that some undefined feeling prompted her to think them over tirst ; so she ex plained her reticence to herself. While Clare played, Mrs Carruthers wrote, and the girl, glancing towards her sometimes, saw that her face wore an expression of painful and intense thought. She wrote rapidly, and evidently at great length, covering sheet after sheet of foreign letter-paper with bold fain characters, and ouce Clare remarked that she took a memorandum-book out of her pocket and consulted it. As she re placed the book, a slip of paper fluttered from between the leaves and fell to the ground; unob served either by herself or Clare. Shortly after wards Mrs Camithers rose, collected her papers into a loose heap upon the table, and left the room, still with the same preoccupied expression onher.face. Clare went on playing for a few moments, them, finding Mrs 'Carruthers did not return, she yielded to the sense of freedom inspired by finding herself aloue, and, leaving the piano, went over to one of the fireplaces raid stood; by the low mantelpiece, lost in thought. Several minutes passed, away as she stood thus, then she roused herself, and waa aliout to return to the piano, when her attention was attracted to a small slip of paper whivh lay on the floor near the writing- table. .She picked it up, and saw written- upon it two words only, but words which caused her an indescribable thrill of surprise. They were . ? .' ? ?- ? ? , ; ' Paul Ward. ' Mrs Carruthers dropped this paper*' said Clare to herself, 'and he wrote 'the name. I know his hand ; I saw it in tho book he took the sketch in. Who is he? How ? does she know. him?' I wish she woiild return. I must ask her.' But then, . in the midst of her eagerness, Clare remembered a certain air of mystery about her chance acquaint ance ; she recalled the tone : in which he had said, ' That is my secret,' the hints he had let fall that there existed something which time must clear up. She remembered, too, that he had not betrayed any acquaintance with Mrs Carrnthers, had not even looked like it when she had. mentioned Poynings and her uncle (and Clare had a curiously distinct recol lection of Mr Paul Ward's looks) ; finally she thought . how — surely she might be said to know,- so strongly and reasonably did she suspect — that there were trials and experiences in Mrs Carruthers's life to which she held no clue, and perhaps this strange circumstance might be connected with them. 11 It is his secret and hers, if she knows him,' the girl thought, 'and I shall best be true and loyal to them both by asking nothing, by seeking to know nothing, until I am told.' And here asudden thrill of joy, joy so pure and vivid that it should have made her understand her own feelings without farther investigation, shot through the girl's heart, as she thought : ' If she knows him, my chance of seeing him again is much greater. In time I must come to understand it all.' So Clare allowed the paper to fall from her hands upon the carpet whence she had taken it, and when Mrs Cnrruthers re-entered the room, bringing a packet of letters which she had gone to seek, Clare had resumed her place at the piano*. CHAPTER IX. ? TIDEI) OVEIl. It was the fourth morning after George Dallas's arrival in Amherst, the dayron which his mother had -appointed by. , letter for. him to go over to Poynings, and there receive that which was to set. him free from the incubns of debt and difficulty which had so long oppressed him. ?? An anticipation of pleasure crossed his , mind so soon as he first opened his eyes ; he soon . reniernbered whence the satisfaction sprung, and oil going to the window and looking out, he found that nature and he were once ' again in accord. As at the time of his misery she had worn her blackest garb, her direst expression, so _-.?'.* now, when hope seemed to gleam, upon him, did ;'? nature don her flowery robes and array her self in her brightest verdant i sheen. Spring ?- was rapidly ripening into summer; into the clean and comely little town, which itself was i-adiant with whitened door-steps, and newly painted woodwork, and polished brass fittings, came wafted t delicious odors from outlying gardens and uplands where the tossing grass went waving to and fro like -i the undulations of a restless sea, and in the midst of which the sturdy old farm- houses, dotted here and there, stood but like red-faced islands. Dust, which even the frequent April showers could not lay, was blowing in Amherst streets ; blinds, which had been carefully laid by during the winter (the Amhcst mind had scarcely arrived at spring blinds for out side use, and contented itself with modest striped sacking, fastened between hooks on the shop fronts; and poles socketed into the pavement ); were brought forth and hung up in all the 'glory, of cleanliness. It was reported by those who had been early astir, that Tom Leigh, the mail-cart .driver, had been seen with his white hat on. that morning, and . any Am herstian who ; may have p evious doubted whether the fine weather hat], actually arrived, must have been flinty-hearted and obdurate indeed not to have accepted that assurance. .The sunshine and the general brightness of the day hadits due effect on George Dallas, who wasyoung, foranineteenth-century man almost romantic, and certainly impressible. His spirits rose within him, as, his breakfast finished, he started off to walk to Poynings. Drinking in the loveliness of the broad sun- steeped landscape, the sweet odors coming towards him on the soft breeze, the pleasant sound, were it chink of black smith's hammer, or hum of bees, or voice of cuckoo hidden deep in distant bright-leaved woods, the young man for a time forgot his baser associations and seemed to rise, in the surroundings of the mo ment, to a better and purer frame of mind than he had lenown for many years. Natural, under such circumstances, was the first turning of his thoughts to his mother, to whose deep love and self-uacrifice he was indebted for the freedom which at length was about to be his. In his worst times there had been one bright spot of love for her in all the black folly of his life, aud now the recollection of her disin terestedness and long suffering on his behalf made her as purely dear to Mm as when, in the old days that seemed so long ago, he had said his prayers at her knee. He recollected walking with her in their garden on mornings like these, when they were all in all to each other, soon after his father's death, when that chastening memory was on them both, and before there waa any thought of Mr Car ruthers or his niece— or his niece !— rand straight way off went his thoughts into a different channel. ^ What a pretty girl ! so soft and quiet, so fresh withal, and frank, and guileless, so different to ? Well, he dvin't know ; with similar advantages Har riet might have been veiy much tho same. But Miss Carristhers was certainly specially charming ; the talk which they had together showed that. The talk which they had together ? Was he not enter ing her own domain ? What if she were to meet _ and recognise him there ? That would, spoil all their plans. A word from her would — oh no ! Though Mrs Carruthers might not have been in tended as a conspirator by nature, George felt by his recent experience of his mother's movements that she would have sufficont foresight to prevent Clare from leaving the lisntte just at the time, lest phe might discover the rendezvous in the shrnb berry. The tact that had so rapidly shifted tho venuo of their last meeting from tho bustle of tho draper's to tho calm solitude of the dentist's would assuredly be sufficient to ' p*.-vent a young girl from intruding on their next appointment. Busy with those thoughts, and ever and anon paus . ing to look round him at the fair scenes thrqugh which ho was passing, George Dallas pursued his way along the liigh road until he gained the summit of the little hilLwhence is obtained the first view of rPoyniugs and' its grounds. Tjiere he stopped suddenly ; from that point ho had always intended'- to -reconnoitre; but he had never antiei-, pated seeiug- what he did see- — a carriage driving through the open lodge gates, and in the carriage reclining at liis ease no lesH a person than Mr Capel Carrathers. It was ho, not a doubt -about it*- in tho respectability of his glossy broad- brimmed hat, hi Ids-white whiskers) in liis close-fitting dogskin gloves, -in the very double-gold eyeglass with which ho was. looking at nature in a very patronising ; manner. Even if he had not been 'short-sighted, Mr Carruthers was at such a distance as would ut-. terly have prevented him from recognising any one, on the top.of the liill ; but George Dallas no sooner saw Him than instinctively he crouched down by the hedge-side and waited until the carriage was rolling down the avenue; then he slowly raised himself, muttering : ?'? ?'.-.;? 'What the deuce has brought, him back just ? now? confound him! What on ''earth- -will she do? It's most infernally 'provoking, just at this very nick of time ; he might have kept off a few hours longer. She won't come to tho shrubbery now; she's frightened out of her life at that old ruffian, and, by George, 1 shall- be put off again .1 After all I have said to Routh, alter all the castles in the air which -I've been building»oh the chance of getting free, I shall have to slink back to town empty-handed 1' He was ' leaning over a gate in the hedge, and as he spoke he shook his fist at. the unconscious county magis trate, visible in the distance now but by the crown of his hat.: ' Except,' continued George, ' know ing1 how deeply I'm involved, she'll risk all hazards and come to the shrubbery; Perhaps she's started now, not expecting him, and when he reaches the house and doesn't find her there — he's always hang ing on her trail, curse him ! — he will make in quiries and follow her. That would be worst of all, f-jr not only should 1 miss what she promised me, but she would como- to grief herself, poor darling. Well, I must chance it, whatever happens.' He turned down- a by-lauo which ran at right angles to the avenue, pursuing which he came upon a low pnrk paling enclosing the . shrubbery. Carefully looking round him, and finding no one within sight, he climbed the paling, and dropped noiselessly upon tho primrose-dockedv bank on the other side. All quiet; nothing moving but the birds darting in and. out among the bright green trees, and the green grasshopper's in myriads round his feet. The walk had tired him, and ho lay down on the mossy turf and awaited his mother's coining. Mossy turf, soft and sweet smelling, the loud carol of the birds, the pleasant soothing, the slumberous sound of ihe trees bending gently towards each other as the mild air rustled in the leaves. It was long since he had experienced these influences, but he was now under their spell, What did they recall? Boyhood's days; the Bishop's Wood, where- they went bird's nesting ; Duke Primus, who won- M stick-ups,' and was the cock of the school; 'and' Charley Cope, who used to tell such good stories in bed, and Bergemann, a German boy, who was drowned in a pond in just such a part of the wood as this, and — twe ve o'clock rings sharply out from she 'turret clock in Poynings stable, and at its sound away fly the ghosts of the past. Twelve o'clock, the time appointed in his mother's letter for him to meet her in that very spot. He rose up from the turf, and sheltering himself behind the broad trunk of an. old tree, looked anxiously in the direction of the house. No human being was. to be seen; a few rabbits whisked noiselessly about, their little white tails gleaming as they disappeared in tho brushwood, but they and the birds, .and grass hoppers comprised all the life about the place. He looked on the big trees and the chequered shade between them, and the glimpses of blue skylight between their topmost boughs ; he left his vantage ground and strode listlessly to and fro' ; the quarter chime rung out from tho turret, then the half hour, and still no one came. Some one coming at last I George Dallas's quick eyes made out a female figure in the far distance not his mother, though. This woman's back is bowed, her stop low and hesitating unlike Mrs Carruthers, on whose matronly, beauty Time has as yet laid his gentlest touch. He must stand aside, he thought, amongst the trees until the new comer . had passed by, but as the woman approached, her gait and. figuro seemed familiar to him, and when she raised her head and looked round her as though expecting some one, he recognised Nurse Brookes. The .old woman gave a suppressed scream aB George Dallas stepped out from among the trees and stood before her. . 'I could not help it, George,' said she; 'I could not help it, though I was looking for and expecting you at that moment, and that's more than you were doing for me, isn't it ? You were expect ing some one else, my boy?' ' Is anything the matter? is she ill? has her husband found out ?' ''_... ' Nothing ! She's— -well, as well as may be, poor dear, and ? ' . ' Then she hasn't been able to do wliat-she pro mised ?' : *?' Oh, George, George, did you ever know her fail in doing what she promised,' from- the days when you were a baby until now ? Bette; for her, poor thing, as I've often told her, if she hadn't ? ' ' Yes, yes, nurse, I know all about that, of course ; but why isn't she hero now ?'' (To be continued.} 