TREATMENT OF CRIMINALS— THE CON- VICT QUESTION. The current number of the Edinburgh Review contains an article on "Life in the Cri minal Class ;" it is a review of two books, viz, "Our Convicts," by that well-known writer on pri son discipline and cognate subjects, Miss Mary Car penter ; and ''Memoirs of Jane Cameron, a female Convict," by a Prison Matron. Although the trans- portation of British felons to Australian colonies has ceased (except to Western Australia, for a limited period), it may be interesting to your readers to learn the views of the able English writers on the Convict question,— the problem has now to be solved— What can England do with her convicts ? The Edinburgh Review opens thus :— "After all that has been published in many forms within a few years, we have never till now had the means placed before us of forming any true and complete con- ception of the distinctive life and character of the criminal class of our population. Miss Carpenter has at last supplied us with the material needed, to qualify us so to understand the conditions of a life altogether unlike our own, as to enable us to per- ceive what sort of minds we have to deal with in our attempts to guard society from the evils of law- lessness. The main object of Miss Carpenter's book is to establish the principles on which our treat- ment of criminals should proceed ; but while she succeeds, in this she has rendered a yet greater ser- vice in disclosing to us the entire natural history of the lawless class. She supplies us with the material essentially necessary, as the basis of action in any theory of judgment and punishment of social offen- ders." The whole question of reformatory treat- ment is discussed at length; and is well worth pe- rusal. The disclosures as to the state of female con- victs are most appalling ; their condition, in the mass, appears to be even more hopeless than that of the men. The reviewer says : — "Neither judge nor jury, neither chaplain nor matron, neither doctor nor warder, enters at all into the mind and feelings of a being who seems to be made up of the idiot and the intriguer, the infant and the devil, the ferocious animal and the fanatical idolater, the Bedlam em- press, and the victim under the wheels of the Jug- gernaut car." The results of the supposed refor- matory system are shown to be eminently, unsatis- factory. That system costs England L200,000 a year, after deducting the value of the prison labor of the convicts, " while (says the reviewer) foreign observers are all amazement at our procedure, and the authorities at home find an increase of crime in proportion to the release of numbers of wretches who have purchased their freedom by lazy work and hol- low decency of conduct * * * * * Society is thus not secured : offenders are not reformed ; and the lawless class is not deterred from plunging into the depths of crime." The second volume of Miss Carpenter's work contains the following significant paragraph:— . ..."Sentences for life should be only passed on men guilty of very aggravated crimes, but when passed, they ought really to imply, that those who have iucurred them, should never again be allowed to return to society, either at home or in a colony, un- less the mercy of the Crown should be extended to them on special grounds. After a certain time, if if they behave well, the severity of their punishment might properly be relaxed, but they never ought to regain even the qualified freedom of the holder of a ticket of leave — If, however, they are to be kept in perpetual confinement, this punishment may be inflicted more safely and more conveniently at home than in the colony. Should this rule as to the enforcement of sentences for life be adopted, the Court before which offenders are tried would naturally make a distinc- tion between the most, atrocious criminals, and those whose guilt, though aggravated, is one degree less, by passing sentences for life on the former only, and on the latter, sentences for a definite, though in some cases, a very long term of years. A SKELETON FOUND IN THE LODDON.— A mournful memorial of the great flood of 1863 was discovered iu one of the now nearly dry holes of the River Loddon. A. little girl, one of the daughters of Mr Denis Rowan, whilst walking up the west bank- of the- Loddon, near Bridgewater, had her attention attracted by some bones lying at the bottom of a hole from which the last of the water had evaporated within the past few days. Among the bones she detected a human skull: . On her return home she related the circumstance, and the mat ter was reported to the police. The bones were carefully collected together, and they having been conveyed to the Harp of Erin Hotel, an inquest was held on them on Saturday morn ing. It- will be remembered that the flood of June, 1863, was most-disastrous in it's results: Yerv mauy lives were lost, and much property., destroyed. From Eddington, and indeed, from higher up still, down to the Murray, the scene on either: side of the Loddon was one of desola tion" and loss. The Eddington Bridge was nearly destroyed, aud the bridge at.Bridgewater, , then in course of erection, was ..considerably in jured. At Janerale, the residence of the Rev..- A. -Hamilton, one man lost his life, and the son of the proprietor was only rescued by the cour ageous action of a man named Condou. By the time the flood reached Bridgewater, it had as sumed a power and volume that overturned evei'ytking in its course. Indeed, long before this its almost Irresistible effects had been felt; At Newbridge, considerable damage was done, (and oa Albion Plat, one of the most pleasant residences in the district was nearly destroyed. Mr Day, the proprietor of the Albion brewery, had unfortunately ereeted.bis business premises and dwelling close to the bank of the river, and as the. water rose it appeared questionable whethef"the house or brewery would be saved. It was at Bridgewater, however, that the greatest loss of lite occurred, and of this cala mity . the skeleton ; found on Priday is. a me; morial. On the evening oftke 6th of June, 1863, the Chinese gardeners residing on. the Loddon were entertaining some friends from Burnt Creek, and in the midst- of their entertainment the waters of the flood burst upon them, and they were at once carried away; Their! cries were - heard by several person in the vicinity, and efforts to rescue them1 were5 quickly made: Mr Woolf, the ; boat-keeper "at the Loddon, heard their calls for help, and succeeded in taking them from off the ridge-pole of the tent to winch tliev had fled for refuse. Bv some unfortunate mishap, however, the boat was upset, and two, if not the three, of the Chinamen were swept away. Tlie next morning one of them was dis covered in the bough of a tree, but neither of the. others .were ever found until Priday ..last. At the inquest the foregoing circumstances, were narrated. A watch found near the bones; was identified as being like oric known to have been in the possession "of the lost Chinaman.. This watch had stopped at twenty minutes lofone o'clock, and the last that was heard of the China-, man was at midnight. There, were also 12s in silver found .with tho skeleton. The medical e>ridience;.was,.-to.-..1tlae. effect : that the remains were those of a male Mongolian, about twenty- five years of- age) five feet four inches high, and of slight make, aud the jury retilrned -ah' open ..ye'rdict id- accordance with the foregoing particulars.-r-lnglewqod Advertiser. v : ; , , Remarkable Escapes or Eminent Men.— Some years ago ayounginau, holding a subor dinate. position in the East India Company's ser vice, twice during tho course of one day. at tempted to deprive himself of life, by snapping a loaded >. pistol at ' his head. Each time: the-, pistol missed .fire:. - A; friffiidi; entering his 'room shortly afterwards, he requested him to ;fire it out at tlie window' ; it then went off with-: foufc any difficulty.' .Satisfied .thus; that the wea- jpoii had been duly loaded and pi'imed, this young jman sprang up exclaiming! I must be reserved for something great;, and from that moment gave up the idea of suicide, which for some time; ;preyious: had been: uppermost. in his thoughts. That young man after wards became Lord Glive, and thus was permitted to see the fulfilment of his own prophecy. - -Quiver.' ;V ty: ty;'/ YtytyiY' "Y- ; Caesar, tiib Cricketer. — Julius Caasar,. .the Sur- rey cricketer, accidentally shot ' afoiari riaoririd Fos ter, who was beating for "game, at Mr' Murray: Mar-, shall's, Munstead heath, lately, and wouuded him; so severely that he died ou Thursday. The poor man's wifeaud'eldest child were with him as lie was dying, aud being still sensible he took his , fare well in a maimer which all who witnessed can never forget. JuliusCsesaris alsomucli to be pitied, for although the . circumstances ,were so purely ^acci dental, his peace of mind is . wrecked, Liverpool. Albion. , . - , , . r , i The Lyre Bird.— It is perhaps not generally known,- says the Wood's Point Mountaineer, that the lyre bird is somewhat of a mocking bird, and. frequently imitates the notes of other birds, and even sounds of a different kind. A curious instance of this came under our notice some time , since, while resting beside soine sawyers who were busily at work iu a, quiet gully not far from Wood's Point. We had not been sitting more .than a few moments ivhen a lyre hfrd came sweeping through the trees, and perched on a branch a short distance from the sawyers ; the bird watched for some the motion of tlie men, and-presently begau to imitate the peculiar sound of the saw as it passed through the timber. Having- amused himself in this manner for a few minutes, the stately creature took flight in search of other recreation, leaving his audience rather startled By this proof of his proficiency in the imitative art. . " . Pompeii. -rr-Mr Morrivale, in one of the essays which make up his recently published Studies in History, sys that, in studying tlie frescoes at Pom peii, one is struck By the absence of certain plants and fruits which we commonly tliiuk characteristic of Italy. We find, in' tliese frescoes, the stonepine, the cypress, the vine, the olive, the fig, the olean der, the reed, and the iris ; but we miss the orange and the lemon, the aloe and the mulberry. Le mons, some think j were brought into Italy by the Saracens, although; Marsli inclines to Believe that -Pliny has described them; oranges By the Portu gese, the mulberry from the East, and the aloe from America. We may remark, in passing, that Mr Marsh, in his Man and Nature, speaking of the recently excavated Villa Livia, near the Porto del Populo at Rome, in the frescoes of "which oranges; are reported to be represented— says that, if they he oranges and not lemons, the antiquity of the i paintings might reasonably be suspected. If, on the other hand; the frescoes should Be proved really j ancient, it would seem that the claim .of the Portn- ;| gese that the progenitor of all the European and J American oranges was an Oriental tree transplanted to Lisbon, and still living in the last generation, must Be .'abandoned ; and it must Be admitted, that, if the Roman gardeners knew nothing of the fruit, at least the Roman painters knew something. Picot, a murderer, was lately executed at Mar seilles. A s he ascended the scaffold he was followed by four men,' enveloped in long robes of cearsetari- colored canvas, tlieir features concealed By hoods of the same material, in . which two small apertures were made to enable them to see their way. The Marseilles population made way for them in res pectful silence, recognising them at once as Bourras Faille -son — that is," members of a brotherhood who are bound by oath to perform the most menial ser vices for the poor, and specially devote themselves to attend on the condemned and Bury their remains. The evening before the execution the members of this brotherhood, sprung from every class of society, meet in conclave and draw lots as to which among tliem are oil the following morning to take posses sion of the scaffold. The executioner and liis assis tants having accomplished their bloody work retire immediately. The prior , of the community first recites the words " There is no longer a criminal here, But the mortal remains of a man created in the image of God, and whom we are about to inter. " The Brothers respond' "Amen," .undo the straps By which the Body had been Bound to the "Basculo," place it on a wide cloth, .join the head to the trunk, and, having . made a deep Bed of Bran and straw proceed to sew' up the corners of the winding sheet, and pdace the body on the bier they have brought for the purpose. They then carried it to the cenie- tery, where the- almoner, whose office it is has Been to attend the criminal in his last moments, reads the service of the dead. General de Dumas, Peer of France and Minister of War during the restora tion, "was oue of the confraternity," and his stall in their cliapel happened to be next to that of Father Jerome, a poor street- crossing sweeper. The wow is often made during a term of peculiar- affliction, of at a moment of imminent danger.- Once made, how- . ever, it is religiously kept. Shocking Parricide in Ire land.— The Wexford Independent contains tlie following account of an appalling murder in. the county of Wexford A mau named Timothy Power, " Jiviug at Cromogue, and occupying a mountaiu-side farm of about thirty or thirty-five acres, left home to go to Clohamon- iriills. His return home at an early hour seems not to have beeu expected, nor his delay to have been the cause of any uneasiness to his wife, and she went to bed at her usual hour. Some time after she was awoke by her son, who also had been from home Before his father left for Clohamon, who went to her Bedside : and very anxiously inquired had his father returned. Ilis importunity on that head was such as to alarm his mother, and, getting out of bed, both lefc ta look -for the absent oue. About forty perches from the house, and in tho lane leading to it, the body of the linfortuifiite man was found lifeless — the horse aucl car having Been found in the morning in an adjoining field. The neighbors were soon aroused, and the Body xvas conveyed to the home he deft in fall1 'health' not many hours before, aud then presented appearances euougli to sIioav that death had not been caused By any mere accident. This fact astounded all present, and fearful apprehensions xvere awakened... The son, little oarer twenty-one, had not lived on good terms wvith his father, and his person and demeanor were rather marked at the : moment. The police Avere soon at the house, and . deemed it, under, the circumstances, only right to take the son into custody. An inquest Avas held at the house of deceased By Dr Cartan, coroner of the northern dhdsiou of the county, and a respectable jury, of a\diich Mr LeAvis,of Clohamon, .Avas foreman, AAdlen a A'erdict of ' Wilful murder' Avas. returned against the son, and a warrant made out for his committal to the comity gaol to stand his trial for the same same at next assizes. There were'- found fifteen Avounds, made By an English hayfork, which is much longer in the points tlian' the Irish hay- fork, and one belonging to PoAver Avas found next day. concealed: in the haggard, liaA'ing Blood upon it. : There: was one. wound under the right ear, "which ! tlie medical gentlemen ascertained to have extended ; to the depth of fiAeanda half inches,- and to the hack : of the left eye.. On the riglit side was another avouiuI : eight and; a half inches deep, fracturing one rib and passing ' through the right lung. A similar wound A\as on the left side, also penetratiug that lung. Either of these three Avounds, the medical gentle men deposed, Avas sufficient to cause death. Great Natural Curiositv. — Several of our citi- zeus returned last Aveek from a A'isit to the Great Suuken Lake, situated in the Cascade Mountains, about seventy-live miles north-cast from Jackson- Arille. This lake riA-als the famous a-alley of Sinbad, the sailor. It is thought to aArerage 2000 feet down to the .'..water all around. The. Avails are almost per pendicular, ruitumg doA\n to the Avatcr and' leaving nO; Beacli. The depth of the Avater. is unknoAvn, arid its surface is smooth and unruffled, as it lies so far heloAV the surface of the mquntain that the air currents do not affect it. its length is esti mated fit tA\rel\e miles, and its Avidtli ten. There is an island in its centre 'Inmng trees upon it. No liAring man ever lias, and probably ever Avill be able to reach tlie water's edge. It lies silent, still, and mysteriousln the liosom of the "eA-erlastiiig hill," like a huge Avell scooped out By the giant genii of i the mountains, in the unknoAvn regions gone Bjr, and around it the primeval;, forests watch and Avard arekeeping. The visiting party fired a rifle several times into the Avater, , at an angle of forty- fi\'e degrees, aud aaere able to note several seconds of time from the report of the gun until the ball struck the water. Such seems incredible, but it is \ouohed for hy some of oui most reliable citizens. - The lake is. cei'tainly a' most remarkable curiosity.-Jacksoh- Aulle (Oregon), Sentinel,- Aug. 12. German Mystery.— A trial is about to.: take place in Wurtemburg which will doubtless be reck- oned among the causes celebres of Europe. "The Count Everard of Wurtemburg, a cousin, some de grees removed, of the King, recently disappeared in a mysterious manner, and his family, can find no trace of him -The story is that his uncle, Count ' William, whose first wife was a daughter of the Duke of Leuchtenherg, and his present, one, the 'Princess Florentine of Monaco, and who is governor of the Federal fortress of Ulm, kept him for some time a prisoner in the citadel ; that he managed to escape, but that he was either drowned in swimming 'across the Danube, or caught by his uncle's men and replaced in concealment. Count Everard has dissipated his fortune, ;and had more than one se rious difference with his uncle William, who re garded him as a disgrace to.the family, and had, it is even said; compelled him by menaces. when a prisoner at Ulm, to sign a paper relinquishing not only his title but his name. Count Alexander, Everard's younger brother, has just returned from the United States to take proceedings in order to clear up this strange mystery, and to compel Count William to disclose all he 'knows of his missing ne- phew. — Pall Mall Gazette. - Maxim of a Misanthrope.— The place in which I should look for the milk ofrhuman : kindness is, the pale of civilization: ' - Y A wlrning.--Tlie following case which we extract from the Adelaide Observer, is a very apt illustration of the old adage, " honesty is the best policy," and may prove a valuable warning to others similarly placed. The, trial took place at the last Adelaide Criminal Sessions before the Chief Justice:. — Chai'les Sempronious Wyer, traveller, aged 38, who had pleaded guilty of embezzling the moneys of his masters, was brought up for sentence. The Judge's Associate —What have you to say why the sentence of the Court should not be passed upon you ? The prisoner— A few words — not iu justification but rather as a palliation of the offence. In the first place I must state that I had to find the whole of my expenses, gig, harness, feed, and all incidental expenses. The indictment charges me as being a servant, and if I had been, all these expenses as a servant would have been paid me, I should have been in the. receipt of salary which I could have taken home to my wife and family. But it was 1 not so, unfortunately. I was paid by commission, ranging from li to 5 .per cent.; and I can solemnly declare that the moneys were not used for myself, : but for the firm. Iu fact, so con-: viuced were they of this, that they sai go away ; go either to Brisbane, New South Wales or Victoria, and we will not prosecute you:" and they actually paid my passage to Syd ney. But I could not. And why? Because I had no purse. I had not a sixpence, and I could not go away with an empty pocket, so I re turned ; and they, in a moment of anger, took out an information against me. This is the case 3rour Honor, and I throw myself upon your meiuy. His Honor said if so the misfortune was that he bad pleaded guilty, and if he had not done so the question he had raised as to his liability might have been determined. But ho was unable now to lake into consideration any of the circumstances which he had stated, because he was precluded from regarding him in any other light than that of a servant. If the cir cumstances were such as he slated it was to be very much regretted that his employers were not in Court on the present occasion to speak to his character, because such recommendations were always attended to. The prisoner had pleaded guilty to three separate informations, and for the first offence the sentence of the Court was that he be imprisoned for two years ; for the second six months, commencing at the termination of the first ; and the third six mouths, also begiuuing at the expiration of the second ; so that the whole term would be three years. Fight aatiti a Imiark. — The Greenpovfc (Long Island) Watchman says : — At about nine a.m., on Sunday last, the schooner Oatlieriue Wilcox, of LuBec, Maine, Avas proceeding down the Sound, and aa-hile becalmed abreast of that port, about eight miles off shore, the captain aud a young man 17 years of age, named Peter Johnson, Belonging to Maine, formerly a soldier, and now working liis pas sage liome, stripped off their clothing and jumped overboard for a saarim. J olinson swam a feAV rods from the vessel to pick up a small piece of Avood, and Avhile returning a huge shark, judged to have been 1-1 or 15 feet long darted toward him and seized him about the middle, and instantly disap peared Avitli him, dragging him down, as he says, about 30 feet deep. He struggled and fought Avith tlie ravenous monster, fearfully lacerating his right ann in the effort, finally succeeded in grasp- iug the shark by the head aud by gouging one of liis eyes, at the same time dealing liim poAverful blows about the head, he succeeded in wresting himself free. He than swam to the schooner pur sued by the monster ; being a man of remarkable physical strength and pluck, he finally succeeded in driving him off, and got on board of the schooner pulling himself up by the foretopsail-clue-line Avhieh hung overboard, But not until the terrible teeth had left their mark in many a ghastly wound, so that he Avas oiie mass of gore. There Avere some 31 distinct Ai-ounds on his person. The abdomen and groin of tlie right side was fearfully mangled, the flesh being torii off and left hanging by tbe skin ouly, nothing but the thin lining membrane of the abdomen pre\mnting the entrails from gushing out, the femoral vessels Avere laid Bare, aud the nerves completely exposed. On the left side of the abdo men Avas another wound similar in character but less extensive, the right thigh Avas aery badly torn and gashed. Nothing but his indomitable courage and physical vigor enabled him to escape alive. The shark must have been of the species known as the 'man-eater," which are common in low latitudes, but are rarely seen iu shoal Avater. The common sliovelnose shark of our waters seldom, if eAer, attack mankind. Johnson is still living, and al though in a very precarious situation, there is yet some hope of his ultimate recoA'ery, A Railavay Adventure. — At the Taunton Police Court, on Wednesday, a case was heard in which a fearful railway adventure was brought to lio-ht, involving a narrOiv escape of the night mail train on the Bristol aud Exeter Eaihvay. William Stevens, cleaner of railway engines, Avas charged with wilfully causing damage to a railway engine to the extent of uiore than L100, and the brief facts are these. The Chard aud Taunton Railway is in course of construction, and is so far completed that engines can run over the rails. The duty of de fendant was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the Avork of the day, and at half-past three oil the following morning to light the fire so tliac steam could be got up by six o'clock, and the labors of another day commenced. On no account Avas he to meddle with' ''the machinery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire and filling the boiler Avitb a sufficient quautity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freak into his head, ancl determined to lmve a mid- ni ght ride if possible. Accordingly about midnight oif the day named in the warrant, he lit the lire of the. eimiue, got up the steam, and started the engine, he Being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, aud not ex actly1 knowing Iioaa" to compress tlie steam it bleAV off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarm ing the inhabitants lying near the line of railway. The watchman on one of the bridges was sorely af frighted on seeing an engine tearing madly. along, backwards aud forwards, Avitli a solitary white face ii pou it, and be came to the conclusion in the darkness, that either a ghost, or tlie Evil One himself, had obtained the mastery over it. In one of his excursions he was about to enter the main, line of tlie Bristol and Exeter Railway, but lie for- ' tunately heard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A minute or two later and the cousequeuces would have been fearful to contem plate, and the probable loss of life more horrifying still. At length, tired of his ride, he took the Busy Bee Back to the' station, and lay down to await the arrival of the driver. At half-past four the driver reached the scene, but when about 100 yards from it the engine blew up Avitli a fearful explosion, the cleaner having neglected to put more water in the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story re mains to be told. The cleaner, though close to the engine, Avas uninjured, owing to tying doAAUi. He certainly was frightened, the driver asserting that Avheulie came up to him his hail stood on cud "like quills upon the fretful porcupine," For this foolish freak lie was sentenced to a month's, imprisonment Avith hard labor. . A Rrmakkahle Dream. —A notlier very remark able dream Avas that of the Avife of Earl Harcpiirb, the immediate predecessor of the last. She . aatis then Lady Nuueliam, and on a aisit to his father's. She meut-i oiied to her liusbaud a\hen they met at the breakfast table that she was unhappy irom hav ing had a horrid dream, aud earnestly wished to re late it. He laughed at her, and declined it ; when the conversation was interrupted By the father, and the sou and daughter-iu-law did not see each other till diuiiei time." They.'- .waited some time, aud i £ord Harbourt, 'who was always very punctual, did not appear. His son expressed some surprise, and' 'asked; one .of the servants if lie kuew where lie was ? Upon Avliich Lady Nuneham exclaimed, " Look in the well," aud fainted aAvay. Lord Hareourb was 'found in the/ well, AA-itli his dog, tying at liis feet, as she' had se'en in her dream ; aiid it was Supposed that in endeavoring to save the life.of his dog he had. lost his own.— Seatield's Curiosities of Dreams. ... Curiosities oe the Neav; York Post. Orfice— Among tlie many amusing addresses in rhyme and otherwise that pass through the post-ofiiee from time to time; are tlie following :— " To be forwarded to Margret Flynn, and from you Margret to .your Brother Jack; and Sister Honora Sister Flleji and Michael. In care of Mr Wm H BaldAvin, E. S. K. America." Another :— " To John . Barry if living,' But if not, to his, aaife, or, 'some one of the children , if : liAdngj and if not to some respectable neighbor." 1 "Scissors bite sharper ivitlioufc teeth than with 