NEWS AND NOTES. Aq inquest was held on Wednesday at Warren heip on the body of Wo. Chilner, who was killed on Monday evening by the loaded dray be was driving being capsized on bim near the Grand Junction hotel on the road between tbe south and north Mel bourne roads. The dray was loaded with bags of grain and the deceased was sitting in front at the time of tbe accident. The evidence of a laborer named William Crane, who was near the place at the time, showed that tbo dray , was completely turned over, and it was nearly a quarter of an hour belore, with the assistance of another man, the dray could be righted and the bags removed. The de ceased was all the time completely hidden from view and when the bags were removed he was found wholly covered in mud and quite dead. There were two horses in the dray at the time and the abaft horse was thrown down, but the leader remained standing. The medical evidence showed that there were not any marks of violence either on the face of the deceased or any other part of his body and that death had been caused by asphyxia from respiration having been wholly impeded by his lace being en tirely immersed in the mire on the road. A verdict was returned accordingly, coupled with a rider that the accident had been wholly caused by the very bad and dangerous state of the road, which is under the control of the Bunguree Koad District Board. We loarn from a notification in the Argus that Mr Robert Maedonald, so long a resident of Clunes. and at one time member for Creswick, died on the 8th April, on board the ship Sussex, whilst on his way to England. Mr MacdonBld was in ill-health when be left Victoria, but it was hoped that the voyage would prove beneficial to him. Mr Macdonald was much respected, and did many acts of kindness in an un ostentatious way. An impudent case of robbery and assault occurred in Dana street late on Tuesday night. It appears that a man named Win. Jones entered a shop kept by a Mr Henderson, and succeeded in appropriating a tin of lollies and other articles from the window, but being observed before he got clear away, he was followed by the proprietor and detained. Hetriedhard to get oil, and during the struggle he inflicted a very Bsvere wound on Mr Henderson's wrist with a clasp knif?, but before he could make good his escape the police arrive ), and he was shortly alterwarda lodged in the lock-up. The offender, it appears, was sen tenced a number of years ago to a lengthened term of imprisonment at Castlemaine for a similar offence. He will be brought before the District Police Court to-day. A meeting of the Ballarat Rowing Club was held last night, at the Camp hotel, Mr Lewis in the chair. . Alter discussing the financial position of the club, MeEsrs Ruxton, G. G. Baker, T. Lipscombe, D. M.'Leau, A. Dully, Whiteiaw, and T. Williams were elected members of the club. Mr Lewis was em powered to purchase an additional sculler's boat for the use of the club. Some remarks were made rela tive to the opening day of the Beason, which it was proposed to hold on Saturday (ortniijht; but eventu ally the matter was postponed for the meeting to be held on Wednesday next. We (M. A. Mail) have it from reliable authority that Mr W. Urquhart, has consente i to contest the North-Western Province with Mr Fr/iser. From the report of the proceedings before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, which appears in another coIuldd, it will be seen that the whole of the appeals applied for by the Government iu the matter ol the suit goods cases have beeu granted, and that without condition?. The Age understands that the Government intends to prose cute the appeals. The Rev. Mr Love, of Geelong, has (saya the ArgusJ consented to allow himself to be put in nomi na-.ion lor the South-Western Province at the forth coming elections, as against ihe candidature of Mr Hoife. It is doubtful if Mr Burrows will contest that province. By telegram from Belfast, we learn that the Wes tern Province election stands as follow*, all the re turns being in:- Air S'rachan, 309 rotes; Mr Miller, 216; majority fcr the former, 93. Aa " Extraordinary" of the Colombo Observer pub lishes a London telegram, dated 5th July, which states that iu the last battle in Bohemia the Prus sians captured U.OUO prisoners aud 116 guns. In the Melbourne Insolvent Court, on Tuesday, in re Warren Potter, Mr Wisewouid for creditors; Mr Edwards attended to watch the case in behalf of a witness. Tiie insolvent was further examined at length respecting his dealings with certain property alleged by him to be the property of one Brunig, now in Europe. In the course ol the examination the insolvent flatly contradicted some of his former statements, and was several times cautioned by the Chief Commissioner. The meeting was further ad journed until the 17th September. The Government Qazellc contains the following: - "Special Notice to Holders of Electors'-rights.-It is hereby notified, that holders of electors-rights issued ou or before the 1st day of September, 1865, must obtain renewed rights iu lieu thereof, in order to have their names placed upon the general lists to be made up on the 1st day of September next. Neglect of this precaution will result in the omission of the names ol the persous so neglecting lrom the new list to be made up aa aforesaid. Every renewed right will bear the same number, and will be iu the like form and tenor as that in lieu of which it is issued, and will be equally available for any election that may take place before the completion of the new roll in October next. No elector whose name is on a roll of ratepaying electors for any district is entitled to a renewed elector's right for such dis trict.- Vide sections G1 aud 62 of the Electoral Act, 1865." Petty thieving (writes our Smythesdale corres pondent), still continues iu this district, requiring more energetic measures for its tuppression, aa well on the part of the people themselves as oa that of bench or police. It is u well knowu tact that many persons who could give information to the police against the offenders in such cases, refrain from so doing in order to avoid trouble; aud without assist ance in that respect it is impossible for the police to put down the class ol depredators referred to. On the night of Saturday, 11th August, Mr Merrin, ex mayor ot ScarsJale, had his premises entered, and eight line fowls carried uway. Four of the flock happened to be roosting that night in a ueighbociug Bhed, and they escaped bagging for the time, but probably they will bo called lor after the others are disposed of. There was a very good musterof the Ballarat Rangers last night, one hundred and forty members being present, uuder the command of Lieutenant Johnston, who put them through a very smart drill of two hours' duration The Hangers halted on passing Sergeant Ahrens' residence lor the purpose ol giving him tureo hearty cheers as an old and much re spected comrade, that gentleman being on the eve ol departure for Europe. Sergeant Ahrens responded by furnishing refreshme' ts to the whole of the mem bers present. The net proceeds of the ball in aid of thefunda of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum, lately held at that institution, amount to £183 10s, which handsome sum has been paid over to the credit of the Institu tion. Tne entries of exhibits for the ensuing local ex hibition are coming in rapidly, and there is no doubt that the exhibition will comprise a ?ery large and varied collection of manufactures. The number of exhibits already entered is about on? huadied, and half as many more is fully expected. :Mr Morrow has been appointed assistant secretary of the com mittee; the secretarial dutitB having so increased of late as to render it necessary for MrHughan to have that assistance. In the Court of Mines, on Wednesday, the motion by the Prince of Wales Company for across injunction against the Albiou Company was heard, and no deci sion given in form, bus it was understood that the applicants bad no right to ventilation by the Albion shaft, and that tbe Albion Company hod no right to make its shaft a means of annoying the other com pany, the motion to be mentioned again if further annoyance were given. The motion b/ the Sir William Don Company for an injunction to restrain the Koli-i-Noor Company from working under tbe Eyre street Recreation Reserve, was refused, but both parties, by consent, are to keep an account of all gold obtained from the ground in question, pend ing the hearing of the suit. The motion in the appeal Grand Junction Company, Smythesdale, v Volunteers Company, was mentioned, and will come on bafore the judge sitting at Smythesdale. The Peal of Bells Committee met at the Edinburgh Castle hotel on Wednesday evening, the mayor in the chair, when it was decided that a sub-committee, consisting of Messrs Whitcombe, Brind, aad Coutta, wait on the ladies of Ballarat to request them to assist in the collection of subscriptions to the bell fund. Mr Caxaly offered a concert by way of bene fit for the fund, and his offer was accepted, "with a guarantee to save him from loss. Messrs Cazaly, Lovitt, llees, Whitten, and the secretary of the com mittee wete appointed to assist in getting up the concert. As to the site of a tower for the belis, it was deoided that that should be left for the general body of subscribers to determine by their votes, the voting power to be in the ratio of the subscriptions, details of which to be settled by the committe at its next meeting on the 29th iust. Mr Brooks, of Dana street, submitted to the committee a plan of a bell tower, 90 feet in height, and 15 feet square in the clear at the base, and capable of carrying a peal of eight bells. Our Warrenheip correspondent says-"Crime is wonderfully on the increase. The horse belonging to Mr Ritchie, which was shot last week has Bince died of its wounds; tbe tarpauling was stolen off Mr Edsall's haystack a few nights ago, and to enumer ate the; many petty thefts which are constantly occurring, would occupy more space than you could afford. A large and influential meeting of the in habitants was held some time ago at the Victoria hotel, and in pursuance of a resolution passed at that meeting the Government was communicated with on the subject ol police protection. The Government communicated with Superintendent Hill of Ballarat, who reported that lie considered an occasional patrole sufficient for the Wnrreoheip district. -But these patroles must be like " angels visits," for no one has the slightest recollection of ever seeing the shadow of a policeman, and it is the opinion of many that if Mr Hill was residing in Warrenheip he would be as clamorous for police protection as any of us. At all events, it is as well that the people should know to whom they are indebted for the pre sent state of things. I should also mention that the district is overrun by a horde of idle hulking fellows who watch men away from their homes, and then go, and by threats endeavor to get money from tha women, and in many instances are successful. This they know they can practice with impunity iu the absence ol police. A respectable lady was, a few days ago, so dreadfully frightened by the violence of one of these fellows that she cannot since be left alone. And yet an occasional patrole is quite enough for us." A meeting of gentlemen interested in the election of Mr George Itolfe for the representation o£ the South-Western Province in the Legislative Council was held on Wednesday evening at the Bucks Head hotel for the purpose of making arrangements for contesting the election. Mr M'Dowall ocoupied the chair. Thera was a large attendance about forty personB being present. Mr Itolfe entered into a brief exposition of bis views on some of the leading questions at present before the country, after which ttie meeting unanimously resolved to support him, and formed itself into a committee for that purpose, with power to add to its number, A meeting of the committee will bo held again on Monday, to arrange for the holding of a public meeting at which MrKolle will address the electors. On the evening of Saturday, 11th August, as Mr John M'Golriek, of Carngham, was returning home after a journey on horseback, he lost his way in the bush near Derwent Jacks, and it being dark at the time, his horse stumbled over a stump and tell, the rider coming to the ground with great violence, whereby he sustained a fracture of the collar-bone and other serious injuries. He wbb, however, able to remount, and on reaching homo Dr Nason rendered the necessary surgical aesiatauce. A meeting of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum Committee was held on the evening of Tuesday, I4tli August, Mr W. K, Watson (president) in the chair. Correspondence-Letters were read from Mr Vale, M.L,A., stating that the first moiety of the Govern ment grant was now payable. From the Wuter Committee, granting a free supply of water for the purposes of the asylum; and from Mr Exon, with denigns and costs of bedsteids. Mr li. S. Gibbs re ported that the probable net proceeds of the grand ball would be £170, and Messrs Duucan and Lovitt .reported that steps had been taken to secure a course ol lectures for the benefit ol the asylum. Offers had been kindly made lor that purpose, and they were appointed to adopt measures for having them carried out. It was resolved, previous to opening the applications for superintendent and matron, that their appointment date from 1st October next. The applications and testimonials were then opened, and Mr and Mrs Finlay were elected as superintendent and matron. The meeting then closed. A ltokewood correspondent writes as follows:-? "A gc-neral holiday is expected to take place throughout this neighborhood on Thursday, 23rd instant, as the new PreBbyterian church, no* rapidly being finished, is to he opened on that day. The llev. J. Oswald Dykes, M.A., who wasacsistant to Dr Oandlisu in Edinburgh, and who, before he left for these colonies on account uf his health, v/us con sidered one of the most powerful and eloquent preachers in Scotland, has consented to conduct the opening service. This church has cost about £2000, and may be looked upon as one of the finest in our country distric's, but there is a debt of £<00 or £500 on the buildiug, the greater part of which, it is to be hopeJ, will be collected on the opening day. The recent storms have injured the lolegraph posts between Ballarat and Buninyong. One of the posts at the old Camp at Mount Clear is lying on the ground, and two near the Telegraph hotel incline over the road. The large dam at Mount Clear, belonging to the St. Andrew Quartz Company, White Horse, burst its embankment a few days ago, and swept trees, (ences, Sc.', before it. There was about five feet of water iu the dam at the time. A correspondent informs ub that a formidable row broke out at Mount Clear about 8 o'clock on Tuesday night. The combatants being a cabman, the laud lady of a Ballarat hotel, and some others. The origin of the row was the amount of Cabby's fare. Cabby was dragged by the Bullarat fair one by the hair ot the head, whilst the fiery Jehu in return thrashed her male companions with his whip. For half an hour the neighborhood was kept in a state of alarm with the shouts anil cries of murder which emanated from the female. Eventually the com batants were separated by a "crowd of persons who collected on the scene, and the cabman drove off, much the worse for the encounter. A special meeting of the Smythesdale Borough Council was held on Tuesday, 14th August, for the purpose ol dcaliug with tenders for the erection of a stone bridge over the creek, on the road between Smythesdale and Carngham. There were present the Mayor, und Councillors Tair, Young, La Motty, Price, Baird, and Corinaldi. The following tenders were opened:-Mr W, A. Booth, £905 2s 2j; Messrs Jarnta Band and Robert Good, £947 8s. It was moved by Councillor Young-"That the tender of Mr Booth be accepted, subject to his agreeing to have the contract completed on or before 30th No vember, and also on condition that the plans and specifications be approved by the Government." The motion was not seconded. Councillor Keith then said that, for all the difference in the leaders, he would move-" That the tender of Messrs Baud and Good be accepted, on the conditions already named;" not because Messrs Band and Gojd were local men, but because they were persons of standing and did tbeir work substantially. Councillor Baird seconded the proposition, which was carried, the only dissentient beiug Councillor Young. It was resolved, on the motion of Councillor Price, seconded by Councillor Coriualdi--'That the town clerk be instructed to forward the plans and specifications oi the bridge to the Commissioner of Public Works, stating that a tender for the execution of the work had been accepted, conditionally on the same being approved by the department." The council then adjourned. Our Warrenheip correspondent writes: War renheip has been for a lengthened period notorious for many things, in fact for all things short of actual cannibalism, and it is not quite clear that we would not have perpetrated this horrible crime, had the person of the first discoverer of our savage propensities been fairer to the view, but unlike most savages we are particular in our food. We are now about to add to our former notoriety by producing the first colonial ghost, a real (I was nearly saying live), ghost and no mistake about it. St. Kilda has already tried its ghost story, and other parts of the colony have fol lowed suit, but all failed, and up to the present the nearest approach to a ghost, on this side of the line, was that put upon the stage of the Theatre Royal some time ago. For Warrenheip has been reserved the good fortune of producing the first veritable ghost, and the story runs thus. In the vicinity of Magills and Coghlan's brewery lives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native as the name betokens of the Emerald Isle, who for some "deed done in his days," is now tormented by a spirit of the other world which makes its presence known by constantly lighting the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must be thoroughly burnt out; and no matter how many candles may be burning or where placed, if they are all extinguished they will by some mysterious agency be again lighted in the twinkling of a bed-post, as we say in Ireland. Several people have visited the scene and all come away exclaiming "Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw." Mr Fahey in his extremity started yesterday to consult the divines of his church in whose "backward matters of dissever ing power'' he places most implicit faith, and who no doubt have given him some good advice which he wisely keeps to himself. I have not yet visited the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to-morrow I purpose satisfying myself, when, no doubt, I shall be able to render a good account of his ghostship. The latest to hand is that last night the candlesticks took a fit and jumped off the table on to the floor and back again." In the proceeding of the scientific societies of Great Britain, lor the month of June, the name of the Rev. Dr Bleasdale appears as having been elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London. This is one of the most exclusive societies, and the fellowship is considered a great honor. There was a moderately good house at the Theatre Royal last night, when Mr Collins appeared as Pierce 0'Kara in "The Irish Attorney," and Teddy in "Teddy the Tyler." Hib play was as good as ever, was full of life and point, and the brogue per fect, but he had to apologise when encored in his songs, on the ground of a cold, which prevented him from giving repetitions. There is a pleasant gentle manly modesty in Mr Collins' demeanour, which even the " full- blooded, four-bottled, five-barred" swagger of the O'Hara does not extinguish; and, though the dialogue is broad enough, of course, one feels that the actor can never offend against the ordinary exactions of good taste. Both pieces went trippingly, and the applause was frequent and the merriment almost oontinuous. This evening, the programme will include " The Irish Attorney," "How to pay the Rent," and a favorite afterpiece. The Bohemian Glassblowers had a mid-day as well as an evening exhibition yesterday, and both were very well patronised. As this weei is an nounced to bo the last of this beautiful and instruc tive entertainment, those who have not yet seen it Bhould lofle no time aa (be close is now near. 