? LATEST NEWS. London, 3rd February. — The Supreme Court authorities repudiate the action of the British Admiralty for seizing the steamer Meteor, on suspicion of being fitted as a Chilian privateer, ' The Fenian, Presidents, Roberts and Sweeny, are_ canvassing the States, advocating the in vasion of Canada, and despatching privateers from Canadian ports. 12th February. — The Rbyal Commission at Jamaica. have commenced their enquiry. An English advocate is engaged on behalf of Mrs. Gordon, Dr. Underhill and others. America agrees conditionally to continue the reciprocity treaty with Canada for another year. 13th February.— The American Revenue Com mission have submitted a proposition to Congress ' for raisiner a five per cent. loan. Letters have been received from Mr. Rossam, announcing that the Abyssinian captives are still alive. Scholi sold into slavery 6000 negroes for meeting. London, February 14th.— The Queen opeue4 Parliament. The Speech was read by the Lord Chancellor. Mr. O'Donohue's amendment on the Irish- Disaffection Bill was rejected by a large majority The Government proceedings about the cattle plague are severely criticised in both Houses. The promised Ministerial Reform Bill has been read a first time. The Rouade foundered after a collision with the Queen of Beauty ; all saved. The second Peabody gift of ' £100,000 has been distributed. ? The Theai res. —Crowded houses to the tvro theatre, and to the Circus, have assembled each evening to witness the performances. At the Prince of Wales Theatre Mr. Barry Sullivan has ' appeared as Hamlet, in the play of that name, oh three evenings, and his reception was most . enthusiastic, being called before the curtain after . each act. Mr. Sullivan's Hamlet cannot be sur passed by any living actor, as he seems to have 'r spent a life upon its study. His scene withhis father's ghost, with his mother v. irj the closet, and before the players ?was something wonderful, the audience being sjiell- bound all the while. Last evening ' he appeared as the 'Stranger,' and was J equally successful. To-night he plays Richard ? the Third, when we may again expect a treat. At the Victoria Theatre Mr. O'Neircontinues to draw crowded houses to witness his impersationa ' of Iri3h character. Besides the play of Arrah. na-Pogue he has appeared in the Colleen Bawn . and the Irish Emigrant. At the Circus the enthusiasm created the first night of perform ance is as great as ever. Each night the pro gi;amme is varied, and the clever acting of -the acrobats, as well as the wonderful stud of trained horses, and the usual accessories to a circus are more than sufficient to enable one to spend a very pleasant evening with them. Their success ha3 been very great, and only shows that a Sydney audience is always ready to support talent combined with enterprise. 