THE TALE OP AUNT MARGARET'S TROUBLES. [from all the year rounh.] CHAPTER n. More than sixty years have passed since that day when I so unsuccessfully emulated Anna— for I oan not have been much, over seven years old — and yet every incident of it is far more vividly present to my mind than when I .was five-and-twenty. I csn recall the bitter pungent taste of a spiky leaf from the old cedar -tree under which I lay; and the naif-unconscious way in which I put it between my teeth, and pricked my lips with its sharp point. Ah, Lucy! Since that day I have dreamed day-dreams in other enchanted caves, and have been bound by stranger spells than the fairy Malevola's, and I have waited for Prince Goldenheart, as you will wait for him some day ; and instead of the hand somest youth in all the world, with a fragrant green bough in his hand, there has hobbled up Old Stock with his spade, to crumble the whole beautiful vision into dust I But then too, Lucy, I have never had the warmth of lovo and pity, and sympathy, with suffering, quenched out of my heart, and' after all, I ought to be a happy old woman. And so I am, my dear. So I am. We were happy in those days, if ever children were happy. As time went on, and we ceased to be mere babies, we were not allowed to run wild about the grounds from morning to night. But such tasks as were set us had no terrors and few difficulties. I fear that you of the rising generation will have but a mean opinion of Aunt Gough's educational powers, whon- 1 confess that I was turned eight years old, before I could read with ease. But I had already ;worked several samplers, and could even stitch a shirt very oreditably by that. time. . Anna's education began somewhat earlier, as was natural ; for the two years' . difference between our ages enabled me to help her at first, in deciphering the mysteries of great A and little b. Aunt Gough was a staunch church-woman. Every Sunday morning ;we were taken to the great family pew, and were perched up bide by side on two crimson : hassocks placed on the seat ; and thus elevated, the brim of my hat just reached to the top of the pew. Anna, being smaller, was altogether invisible to the. outside world, except when Bhe stood up on her cushion during the psalms. There are scarcely any pews now-a-days. Everybody sits on a hard bench in full view of his or her neigh bors. As it is certainly a much more uncomfortable state of things than the old fashion, let us hope it has some compensating spiritual advantages. Anna and I liked going to church. It was not made terrible to our young imaginations, nor were we taught to think of religion as of a ttern Medusa, whose contemplation turns the . gazer into' stone. As to giving us any portion of the Scriptures to 'earn by way of punish ment, Aunt Gough would have been shookea at the notion of such a thing. She did, indeed, consider it her duty to make us loarn the Church Catechism, —which we didn't understand ; and she told us stories from the. New Testament —which we did understand, and, moreover delighted in. One great source of Sunday pleasure was the music. Our Church possessed a fine old organ ; and though, our organist would not be considered very scientific in these days, he contrived to elicit from it its mellow est tones and richest harmonies. He loved the grand old instrument, and thought more of his organ than of himself: which feeling— the selffor getfulness of a true artist- communicated itself irresistibly to his hearers. Even we children wore conscious of a beauty in the psalms and voluntaries beyond the mere sound. And I remember onco saying .to. our guardian, -? I do like to listen to Mr Dixon, he plays so kindly.' As we grew older, and wore thought to havo got beyond tlio range of dear Aunt Gough's simple teaohing, wo were sent to a day-sohool in tho town. Our school mistress, Miss Wokenham, was one oi the tiniest women I ever saw. Thr e was more than one child 'of eloven or twelve years old in the pchool, who could look down on her from a superior height ; and Inr plump rosy cheeks, and round arms, would seem quite coarse and olumsy— rustic, as her phrase was then, for everything redolent of health and vigor, as well as for what was in itself rough and unpolished — beside Miss Tyokenham's fragile elfish form. She was not old as I now reckon age—perhaps forty fivo, hut her antiquity was very venerable in my eyes then. Her hair was snowy white, but soft and shining, and wavy with natural curls ; she had bright dark eyes, and an immensely wide mouth, filled however with a faultless set of teeth. Perhaps Miss Wokenham's attainments were really nothing very marvellous, but we all thought her a prodigy of learning, - And, indeed, making all due 'allowance for the march of intellect in these days, I am in clined to believe that Miss Wokenham was mistress of some solid acquirements that one might seek for vainly among more showily accomplished govern esses. She had a competent knowledge of history and geography, and a turn for arithmetic that was quite surprising ; she had even, it was whispered, dabbled a little in the mathematics; and our parish clergyman, who had graduated at Cambridge, was wont to declare that, if Miss Wokenham had been a man, she would have made the wranglers of her year look to their laurels. But perhaps this was figure of speech. At all events, Miss Wokenham herself used to declare it was ; and she was a most absolutely and uncompromisingly truthful human being. If, as sometimes happened, a scholar thirst ing for knowledge pushed her beyond her depth, she never hesitated for an instant to confess her ignorance. ' I don't know, my dear,' she would say, fixing her brave black eyes earnestly on the interrogator : ' I don't kno%, but if it is to be known we'll find it out.' And then she woujd reach down the lexicon, or tho atlas, or whatever book of- re ference might be needed, and work side by side with her pupil, until the desired information was gained. This candor, far from weakening her in fluence over us, had so diametrically opposite .an effect that we were one' and all ready' to swear to the positive certainty of anything imparted to us by Miss Wokenham as a fact. Under her tuition I and Anna were well content to remain, until wo were respectively seventeen and fifteen years old, with no more brilliant aooomplisbments than as much music as, enabled us to rattle through a country dance or soj and a smattering of French imparted by a long suffering Frenchman named De Beauguet, whom we persisted in irreverently styling Old Bogie: Anna had a lovely fresh voice, and used to thrill all our hearts with some old border ballad, or a canzonet by Mr Haydn, as we sat round the fire in the winter twilight. I. sang too a little, bitt my voice had neither the power nor the charm of Anna's. Mean while, things went on pleasantly and peacefully at the Gable House. If time began to streak uncle Gough's hair with snow, and to deepen a line here and there in my aunt's comely face, the change was so gradual that we did not notice it. Perhaps Old Stock altered as little as it was possible for anyone to do, during a lapse of ten years. He had always seemed old since we had known him, so that was nothing new. He had always been brown skinned, and stooping, and wrinkled, and crabbed, and he was so still ; so that was nothing new. Poor old Stock ! He seemed to have but one pleasme in life, unless his constant quarrels with every one around him afforded him gratification. His sole luxury was his pipe. He would sit by the kitchen fire of an evening, smoking his church warden, filled with the strongest tobacco that could be bought, and talking theology to the maids ; for Stock had decided views about religion. I used to think, when I was a ohild.that they were quite peculiar to himself ; but I havo heard in subsequent years dogmas gravely promulgated, which, barring the difference of grammar, might have emanated from Old Stock himself. Cook was the only one of the servants bold enough to tackle Stock on this, his strong point; but even she frequently retired worsted from the conflict. '.' Well,' she would say, taking refuge in generalities, ' I'm sure I don't know, Mr Stock, but I've allays believed as them as acted accordin' to their consciences was in the right way. There's more nor one road to heaven, you know. 'Heaven! Stock would repeat, with a growl of contempt, 'much yeu knows about heaven !' ' Deary me, bless us and save us, Mr Stock ! I hopes 1 knows as much about heaven as you do, anyhow.' ''I'm one of the'lect, Iam,'the old man wouldsay : his face wooden as over, and his utter ance deliberate and weighty as with a sense of absolute conviction : ' I'm all right. There'll* be me and one or two on . us there, but the'll be vary few on — vary few on us.' I remember the curious speculations this kind of talk used to excite in my mind. Inever for a moment believed that Stock was right, but I used to wonder with the vague curiosity of a thoughtful child how he|wouldfeel when he found so many more people in heaven than he expected, and whether he would be pleased or dis appointed at not finding it reserved for the exclusive occupation of himself and ' one or two more on us.' \- CHAPTER lEU . Aunt and Unole Gough were neither rich nor grand people, though the Gable. House was,. as I haye said, the noblest-looking dwelling in Will borough. The house was not my uncle's own pro perty, but he held a long lease of it. It belonged to some great oounty magistrate : a baronet whose very nape I have forgotten, though he was a mighty person in Willborough, andheld property for miles around it. But, socially speaking, he was as far re moved from our household as .if he had lived in Kamschatka. His steward, Mr Lee, we knew slightly, and saluted when we met him in the street on market-days ; but ho was so solemn and grand a person that he always qhilled me into awe-struok . silence, though he often condescended to smile and speak to us girls as we grew up. Onco he told unole that Miss Anna had a monstrous sprightly air and a fine shape; and would turn all the young fel lows' heads, by and by. ' And did he say nothing of pur sweet Madge?' asked my aunt when the flattering words had been reported at home, and had been blushed and smiled at. Aunt Gough, dear tender-hearted soul, feared that I mightfeel slighted ; but, in truth, it had never occurred to me as pos sible that the pompous Mr Lee should have noticed or remembered me at all. ' Well, well, well,' said my uncle as he drew me to him with so sweet and fond a smile that I felt my eyes fill with tears, ' I'm not sure that I want Mr Lee to make pretty speeches about Madge. He can tell whioh of them has the brightest eyes ; of that he's a good enough judge, so don't think I wan't to roh you of your compliment, Anna. But if Madge won't turn heads, she'll creep into hearts ; won't she, my dear?' He passed his hand softly over my hair as he spoke. I want to toll tho truth, and I must confess that just for a, moment I felt a sort of irritable impatioHoe at being told I should not turn heads. Why should I not turn heads, as well as another ? I half withdrew myself from the touch of the fatherly hand that was caressing- mo. But the little unworthy feeling passed directly, and in an instant I had kissedmy unole, and we were all laughing together at Anna's assuranco that sho would begin to practise tho turning process on Mr Leo himself, tho very next time she saw him. The opportunity was not long in coming, but I think Anna had forgotten her vow ; at any rate, I don't believe she tried to fulfil it. It was a fortnight after uncle had told us of Mr Lee's: compliment, on the next market-day but one, that my sister and 1, coming homeward up the High street, saw before- us my .uncle's tall figuie, walking side by side with the portly Mr Leo. They were -.V;; talking earnestly together, and going at a much a slower pace than we were, so we soon overtook tbem. the foot pavement of the Willborough High- street jvas very narrow : so narrow that two persons walk ing abreast needed its whole width. . We could not pass my uncle and Mr Lee by stopping off the pave ment, because on market-days the roadway was filled with country folk. Vendors of poultry; eggs, butter, fruit, and vegetables, stood all along the edge of the causeway. Great carts, piled with country produce, or laden with a ruddy-cheeked farmer's , family, jolted ponderously along, the waggoner whip in hand steering his unwieldy norses amidst the crowd as well as he could ; and the docile brutes seeming to understand his uncouth gees and woPs', and wuts, with almost human intelligence. Now a^d again, a prosperous yeoman would rida ? by, his well-fed cob chafing and fretting at the en forced slowness of the pace. Then there were stout servant-girls with heavy baskets, travelling pedlars Hoarse with vaunting their wanes, a blind fiddler or doleful ballad- singer, farm-laborers slow and bewil dered of aspect, busy shopkeepers, whooping school boys, barking dogs, cackling hens, and I don't know what else. We came close hehind my uncle and his . companion, and had even walked some paces at thejr heels, before they were aware of our being near.them. ', Yes, Mr Gough,' said the steward, with pompous emphasis, 'so it is arranged. He will have the ad vantage of my name, position, and connection, and I think oh the whole we may expect a fair start— a fair start. If a young man is put in the way of mak- . ing a fair start, I consider it to be his own fault if he does not — if he does not, in fact, start fair.' , 'Quite so, quite so, Mr Leo,' returned.ourguarj dian, with a pleasant laugh. ' And I make no doubt but the young gentleman will do you credit.' '?? Here Anna, raising herself on tiptoe, stretched her arm over uncle's shoulder and thrust a bunch of sweet herbs we had been Buying for home use, under his nose. Ho and Mr Lee stopped and turned round ; as they did so, a third gentleman, who had been walking a little in advance of them,' and whom we had not seen until now, stopped too, on hearing my uncle's exclamation. ' What now. ?' cried uncle, bis face lighting up into smiles, as it always did : whenever he saw either of us, ' saucy Nanny ! _ I might have known it was one of your pranks. Pie, miss ! Ain't you ashamed ? Here's Mr Lee blushing for you.' I don't think Mr Lee was blushing, but I know Anna watt, and. laughingtoo, and looking very pretty. Mr Lee shook hands with us both, with much con descension ; and as we were blocking up the path way, andwere being hustled and pushed this, way and that, Uncle Gough bade us two walk on, and said : ' Perhaps Mr Lee and Mr Horace will be good enough to come to the Gable House and see aunty, and give us the pleasure of drinking a toast to Mr Horace's success and prosperity, in our homely fashion, after dinner.' Then the third gentleman, who had been in advance of them, was presented to ns by Mr Lee as 'my son Horace, young ladies;' and rny uncle's invitation having been accepted, we all proceeded homeward. The two elder resumed their talk immediately, and chatted 'together all the way. But we young ones walked shyly side by side in silence, until we reached the old- iron gateway of the Gable House. . . That was the first time I ever saw Horace Lee. CHAPTER IV. It is difficult for me now, to separate that first im pression from my subsequent knowledge of Horace, but I am nearly sure that I liked him frbmthe first, although he was shy and silent, and a little stiff, perhaps. I remember, quite certainly, feeling pleased (though I should have been puzzled to say why) that the younger Mr Lee was not very like his father. Just the color of the bluish-grey eyes, and the crisp curliness of the hair, were alike in the two, But Horace had got his father's massive ? jaw, and coarse mouth, and he had altogether a gent'e wistful kind of expression when his face was in repose which I supposed he inherited from his dead mother. .. „ Uncle Gough stepped forward, and led the way be neath the porch of famous memory, and into the hajl ; and we four, Anna and I and the two Mr Lees, followed in a somewhat pell-mell fashion. But I noticed that when we came to the dining, room door, and my sistor and I paused an instant, old Mr Lee pushed on, in his pompous self-absorbed wayy and entered before us; and that a slight look of . annoyance came across the young man's face as he drew back with a formal little bow, to allow us to pass. Dear Aunt Qojagh.j?a.s.the_sjt)uiojLh9spitality, and I believe if uncle had brought home half Will borough to dinner, she would have felt no niore regret, than might be occasioned by anxiety lest they ? should not all be comfortable and well provided for. She looked a little surprised when Mr Lee' walked in, for he had never been on intimate terms at the Gable House ; but she welcomed him and his son with the sweet simple kindliness that cannot be counterfeited. And then, during dinner, we heard . how it was that M? Horace was in Willborough, and what uncle had meant by speaking of a toast to his success and prosperity. ' ' Mr Lee's son is coming to settle amongst us. here, old woman,' said my uncle to my aunt. ' He has been studying engineering and land-surveying away in Birmingham, with Mr ; ? Mr — ? ' ' Topps,' said the elder Mr Lee, seeing that unole paused for the name. 'Toppa. A very eminent man, madam. Very eminent man. And expensive, very expensive. But eminence is evei* expensive.' The old gentleman looked round, as though he hadsaid something highly gratifying, and expected us to appear pleased. Horace kept his eyes on tho tableoloth. M Yes,' resumed my unole. ' Mr Horace has been studying with Mr Topps. I am sure that Mr Horace has profited by his opportunities ; and his oourse of study bfiing now finished, I am glad to say he is coming to give us Willborough folk the advan tage of his skill.' ? . . ' I have bought him a share in the old- established business of Phillips and Kotherwood,' put in Mr Lee. ' Mr Phillips is about retiring, and there ia an opening for a young man with moderate capital and a good connexion. I consider that I have done my duty by my son, in keeping before him from boyhood the advantage of a good connexion. And, if I may be allowed to say so, I think he will find a good connexion ready, to receive him, and to respect him— for his father's sake.' , / 'No doubt of that, sir,' said Unole Gough, after so short a silence that there soaroely seemed to havo been a pause at all : ' and to like him for his own.' Horace looked up at my uncle then, and thanked him with a smile so bright that it seemed to light up Mb face as if a ray of sunshine had fallen oh it. After that we girls went away with my aunt, and left the gentlemen over their wine. They did not remain apart very long, for the Lees had a ten-mile drive to their home, and the days were shortening already at the approach of autumn. They bo-mo , intq the morning-rppm where we were sitting, to take leave of my aunt. Old Mr Lae was a |f6od deal ?mrfllMIUIHHIl'' ? ?-»?.»???? maa^H^ ti j J'^wjimiMaMIMCM II 'II » flushed, and had been doing Justice to my iin'cte's cellar. That was no uncommon circumstance, in ' those days, but it was one we were unused to, fsr jatnes Gough was the most temperate .of men. . i ' Won't you stay and drink a dish of tea, sir V. I ^sjiedmy aunt, hospitably, though she looked a little fruttered as Mr Lee. took her hand and glared at her solemnly. He was not intoxicated, but he bad taken enough to make him more prosy and pompous than usual. , ' I thank you, madam, but 'tis a beverage I never partako of, and we are pressed for time. My horse and gig are awaiting us at the Blue Bell, but I could not depart without expressing my best thanks for your hospitality. Horace, why do you not join your acknowledgements to mine ? I am surprised at your negligence.' 'Oh, pray!' said poor aunt, quite earnestly, ' I'm sure there's no need, none in the world. It's a great pleasure to us to. have entertained the' young gentleman in our homely fashion.' ' But there is need, madam,' persisted Mr Lee; ' There, is need ; pardon me for contradicting you, but I am a great stickler for the observance of those polite forms which — which— gild the wheels of life. Likewise, I was brought np in the observance of the utmost courtesy, especially towards the gentler sex, You may deem me punctilious ' and over-precise; young man, but in my day it was thought no part of (rood manners . to leave a lady's house without a parting compliment. Courtesy, courtesy and con sideration for the fair .sex, even in the most trifling : matters, has been inyjrule through life.' I couldn't help thinking of the little scene at the i dining-room door, and I had an uncomfortable idea that Mr Horace wzs thinking of the same thing; and I felt my cheeks grow provokingly scarlet. Mr Lee went on some time longer, and made quite a speech, which, however, seemed to be spoken rather at us than to his son ; but at last it came to an end, and he took a dignified leave of us, and an admiring one of Anna, paying her several high-flown compliments, which she received very graciously and with much self-possession. Horace made each of us his st-ff little bow. I fancy his father's paternal admonition had not tended to put him more at bis ease. But no . bashfulness could have helped thawing1 uudor the influence of Aunt Gough's genial motherly manner, and the young man took hei hand; and bade her farewell quite cordially. '.-..?;? ,'.I hope we sfrallsee you at the Gable House very ; often,' we heard my uncle saying, as he accompanied ' his guest down-stairs. ' You'll be a neighbor, you ? know, Mr Hor.ace. If you can put up with hum- | drum old-fashioned folks like us, you will find a w,arm welcome and a cool tankard-' I have been sure since that old Mr Lee had ac costed my uncle that market-day, and introduced his son to him, expressly that he might receive1 some such invitation, and secure a footing in the Gable household. I know not if he had any further plan in his mind at that time ; but it was of itself no trifling advantage to a comer at Willborough to be known as a welcome 'guest at the Gable House ; an advantage which the baronet's steward was very sensible of, notwithstanding his boasts about his good connexion. We had never, been honored by so much of Mr Lee's company before that day, and I think we were all tacitly agreed that it was a luxnry ! we should not care to indulge in very often; But my uncle had taken a liking to the son, and paid ' over, and over again, ' He a a nice lad. A well looking lad, and well-mannered, though he's strapge among us as yet. But where in the world he gets his shyness from, the Lord knows ! His mother, must have been a gentle creature. I never knew i her ; but he looks like a lad who has had a nice , mother.' The autumn days grew shorter and shorter, the faint smell of dead leaves was in the j air, and the pale ' evening sky, pricked here and there with a spark of tremalous lustre, began to . show the delicate tracery of leafless boughs relieved against its faint western yellow. By that time, B brace Lee was as familiar an apparition beneath my, uncle's roof as old Stock himself. His shyness wore off as he grew intimate/with us, and we found him to-be ^.mos^ pleasant companion; with a Vein of almostboyish fun and merriment which .especi ally delighted my uncle; A closer bond of . good fellowship between them revealed itself accidentally. James Gough; was .a north-countryman by birth and family. I cannot now explain — if, indeed I ever did. rightly kH(wS— what. vicissitudes of fortune had brought him to dwellin our southern county ; but I know he kepi a warm corner in bis heart f-jr all that belonged to .his dear Border land, and retained a clannish interest in lus own far-away kinsfolk, even to cousins thrice re'moyed. . j^nd, behold, oae day it oaine out thai; Horace Lee's mother had been a Northumbria,n, born and bred within twenty miles of ,n]iy \inole,'s native place ! Here was a pleasant discovery! ,' Uiicie Gough vpas . never weary of questionine Horace about his dead mother, and rub? bing up his. own reminiscences of her family, the M.cNagb.tehs, until, he, ended, by -persuading himself that.he iiiusfc have fenpwii Mrs Leein early youth* though I'm afraid it was inexorably proved by dates and figures' .^hat he , could never have seen her. He would sit and talk for hours of the wild moorlands and the heathery solitudes he had tramped through when a boy, relating one adventure after another, until the northern burr, would comeback to hia tongue, and the boyish sparkle into his eyes, and he would bid Anna sing some old Border ballad, and would sit listening with closed eyelids to her fresh thrilling tones, whale, his heart lived over again the days of auld lang syhej and the tears stole unchecked down his dear, honest face. Horace, too, would listen, charged and attentive. , Anna, who loved exT citeinept and admiration, as much as most girls oon scioug of tlieir beauty, and accustome i' to receive praise in no stinted measure, never threw so much power and pathos into her voice, or so much ex pression into her changing face, as when Horace varied the monotony of her -home audience and added novelty to the chorus of our familiar praises. CHAPTER V. . Miss Wokenhom was a frequent guest at this time at our fireside. She had v imparted a great piece of news, which we reoeiyed half with pleasure and half with pain. The pleasure was occasioned by the hope that she would be happy, and the pain by the thought of losing her. Miss Wokenham was geing to be married I And her husband was to take her out of Willborough, out of England, out of Europe, away acress the salt sea as far as North America. I well remember the day when slje first -broke the news to. us, and the comical struggle between crying and laughing which twitohed her face all the time she wan telling it. It was the afternoon of a half -holiday, one bright Ootober day, when she walked into the parlor whore Anna and I were sitting with Aunt Gough, who was half asleep over a perfect Araohno's web of fine drawing.. 'Well, -my. mild-eyed Philosophy,' said Miss Wokenham, greeting^ me with a kiss, which I had to stoop down to|receive. (Almost everyone of her pupils she distinguished by a nickname. Mine waB Philosophy. Anna she always oallod Will-o'-the wisp). ' Well, mild-eyed Philosophy ! And how are you? And how is dear aunty? I need not ask how you are, Will-o'-the- wisp, flashing and beaming brightly enough to lead a whole legion of unwary . travellers astray, and mischievous enough to enjoy their ftounderings in the bog afterwards?1 She had always # quiolc lively manner ; but she now spoke, m^re ajndly than usual, aud I, who knew her Well, was certain she was fluttered and excited. She proved me to be right after a minute or 'two, when, seating herself on a low cushion just by Aunt Gough's knee, she clasped her hands tightly . together, and said abruptly, 'I'm not used to tell lies, and I find I can't even-act one well. It's of no use my, coming in with a swagger and pretending to be quit? at my ease ; for I'm not at my ease, and you know I'm not at my ease ; and I know that you know. I'm not at my ease. I've come on purpose to tell yon some thing, Mrs Gough, and, as the. dear girls are here, they may as well stay and hear it too, for they, must know, it sooner or later.' She stopped an instant, but, seeing my aunt was about to speak, held 'up her hand to beg for, silence, and went on with a plunge. ' I am going to be married, and I know everything that can be said about the absurdity of such a step at my time of life. But I've balanced the disadvan tages of being laughed at for an old fool who threw herself and her savings on the first frog-eating Frenchman who' chose to hold up. his finger to her, and I've come to the conclusion that t can endure ridioule in good company better than dreary- old age by myself. So there's my great news, my dears, and you needn't put any restraint on the expression of your feelings.' I never heard any one observe that Aunt Gough was remarkable for taot ; but she certainly had a way of doing -and saying the ri»ht. thing at the right moment, wliich fell like soothing umiU \JLM. UX1O LOOJLLUgO Ul ULLUBU HI « IUJU. lit) I. , OXiC W tt» what it is now the fashion to call ' sympathetic,' in a greater d egree than any one I have ever known. When littlo Miss Wokenham had finished her speech, and sat panting with her mouth twisted into a strained smile, and her bright black eyes brimming with teais, my aunt took her small hand gently in her own, and, patting it soothingly; said in her soft slow way, and without a trace of surprise in her voice : ' And very good news it is, too, and a very sensible woman I think you for bringing it; And who is to Be the good man, my love?' The little woman jumped up and put her arms round my aunt's neck ; giving way now to a gush of tears. ? ' That's the phrase,' she said. 'The very phrase, you dear, kind soul ! I have been puzzling how I should call him — not in my own thoughts; you know, but to other people ; and I felt that my lover, or my betrothed, was out of the question. Even husband gave me a kind of shock. It's so late to begin, you know,. But ' good man,| that is the very phrase ! Cosy and prosy, and yet kindly. And you don't think ine a weak old idiot, do yon ' i' By and by the little woman calmed down and re ceived our congratulations with her usual sensible self-possession. Then, by degrees, she told us the story of her wooing. 'It's M'sieu' de Beauguet, the French master Old Bogie, you know, girls. I shall be Mrs Old Bogie. Won't that be a good name for me? I'm sure I never thought of suoh a thing all the years I've known him, though we we were always on the best of terms, until about a month ago, he came to me and told me that he had had an unexpected piece of good fortune. 'I'm honestly glad of it, M'sieu',' said I ; ' for I have a great respect for you, and I'm sure you deserve a smile from Fortune after bear ing her frowns with such gallantry. But all the world knows how natural cheerful bravery is to a \ Frenchman.' My dears, I knew he had been very, very poor, and had fought a hard fight with out asking aid from any one, So it was not a mere flourislj on my part. ' He made me a grand bowi and said, 'I accept the compliment for my nation, mademoiselle, not for myself.' $-nd' then he told nie that a distant relative, from whom he. had had no expectations, had died in Canada, whither he had emigrated many years ago, and that his distant relative had left a small property and afaiim near Queb.ec to his second cousin, Louis Aiiguste Phifippe Ettiile de Beanguet, . I wrote the names down afterwards, and. that's how I remember them so glibly. Aid then he',.s,aid that he had resolved to give, up . teaching, and - to go out and settle in Canada, where there was quite a c. ilony of his conntry people ;' and he was full of his plans .and hopes. lie didn't say .'a word about — about me-fp-tHen., After he was gone, I don't mind owning, tiiat .1 felt much depressed. ; 'I was glad of his good prospects, really glad ; apd yet the' idea of his going away all that distance set me thinking now all those to whom I was attached had other and stronger ties in the world— how the girla I had loved and taught grew lip' and passed out of my ken, generation after, generation, ranishing away to be bright and pretty clever in their distant lome's, without a thought of their poor sohdolmis ;ress growing old by herself in her eolit.ude'. . And I oovild not¥elp thinking how other women took root, as ;t werej in the world, and bore fruit,' and flourished into a green old age ; whilst I stood alone, like some cold bare 1'oek that had no, . beauty and little ' U£le,r and' must some day toppledown and lie unregretted jvhere it falls. I worked, myself into' such a dismal desolate frame of mind— more shame for ine 1— that I sat b.uddle,d i'p by the fire, crying and sobbiiiglike a fool, when my little servant 'Kate 9'ame bouncing into the rpom— you remember, Philosophy; my love, that we u'eve-. could teacb! her to' knock at the door ?i— ? and brou'ght nid a great square letter, sealed with a coa^t of arms as big as a ohee8e-plate. It' Was from Do Beauguet, of course. ? I'm riot going to repeat it to you, don't be afraid, though I .do know it by heart'— here a faint pink flush came over Miss Wokenham's delicate pale faqe— ' but I may say it was a go'dd letter, a very §bod letter He 'Said he |elt alone in the world. Ho had been exiled' from his conntry and all he held dear in it^. for so .many years, that France was more )ike a beautiful dreain to him than a reality. He Baid a great doal more than He need have done about gorierous kindness arid delicate sympathy on the part of your liltmbld servan*. I'm not going to pretend that I was not gratified ; but he gave me more than my dud, ten thousand timeB over. And then at last he said that if t would — there! — would oast in my lot. with his; and go abroad with him, he would undertake that I should never repent my confidence. I took a week to consider about it, though I think- upon my word I am not Bure— that my mind was made' up from the first. Arid the end of it is that I've promised Louis to take him for better, for worse, and to be a faith ful kind companion to him, as well as I know how, so long as I have life and strength, and longer !' After that day Miss Wokenham waB a great deal at the Gable House. She had many preparations to make, and not too much time to get ready in. They were to be married at Liverpool, and to sail from that port iri a merchantman bound for Qiieb'od. Monsieur de Beauguet had arranged all that; My jiunt was a perfect mistress of the oraft of needle work, arid Anna and I wero fairly creditable scholars of so accomplished a teacher. So we all three were ablo to bo usofiiVto our old friend, and were happy to be allowed to help in the preparation of hen wardrobe. The year was drawing to £- .oloso by this time, and we Btitohed our way through the very oore of the tymtor. Anna was a better sempstress than I, and her rapid fingers did good servioo in thp manufac ture of caps and aprons, and suoh other sober de corations as Miss Wokonham thought becoming her years. I worked neatly, but slowly ; and our shrowcl little brjde elect was wout to say,. 'You're both doar, kind children ; but, on a stitching emergency, give mo Anna ! Philosophy, with the very best intentions, ttops qt ovary oross-road to deliberate which turning ohe shall tako. Will-o'-the-wisp keops moving and does get over tho ground =^ ^ ;? ;,.;. ,_„.., ,,j-.,,. j: J..M.^..^.J!'^'™!!!^-r!VJ.','.v'u''vA even though it be after a Bomewhat zigzag fashion.' , ' ' _One-coldWoak— day we had all been busy in tbe morning-room from an early hour. When, in the sudden dusk, Miss Wokenham folded up her work and prepared to go homeward, my aunt stopped her, and insisted that she should stay to take tea arid see my uncle. 'Horace will be here too, by-and-by,' said Aunt Gough : '—young Mr Lee, that is ; but he seems so much one of us now, that I give the lad his Christian name a$, natural as possible. And both of them will be so glad to see you.' . ??.-... 'I should like to stay very much, but-^but M;sieu is to walk arid, meet me this evening, -on .the way home, ''and perhaps he'd be disappointed if I was not there.' , , ''perhaps he wrould?' echoed Aunt. Gough. 'Why, of course he would. But I will send some one' to him with my respects, to say that you are here, and that I expect him to .tea/ if he -will do, us the pleasure of coming without- ceremony.'- Thus tempted, Miss Wokenham, remained ; and in due tiriie 'M'sieu' arrived. We had seen him;Since the announcement of his engagement toourold schpol mistress, he having made a formal visit to my aunt, and having been presented by his affianced with all due observance and punctilio. But on this occasion he came on a more intimate footincv and' wtt.hnnfc the panoply of etiquette and cerempny which it had S leased hM to asstanie at first. '.' M'sieu ' without is mail of proof, wds a very genial, simple creature, with1' rnore of yputhful freshness and romantic chivalry than I have of ten seen remaining in dash ing cavaliers' of half his years. He was a handsome man of fifty, with high clear-cut features, a florid skin, and the bluest of blue eyes. ' I take it very kind of you, Mr Bogie,' said my aunt, thus pronouncing Bis patronymic in all sim plicity, arid gdod faith; ' very kind, that you'sho'uld have come to us. in this friendly way, and I hope you'll be able to rilake yourself comfortable among us.'' M'sieu' was at home in a minute. 'Ah, EliseJ' said he,, sitting opzily beside Miss Wokenham in the glow of the firelight, ' deso is de scenes dat makes up ruggeret to leave Enu land.' ' ? . ? 'Yes, indeed, '.she replied; '.'I can't commend your grammar, but your sentiment is mine exactly— I shall never get him to talk good English, Mrs Gough, no more than he will ever tejach me to pro nounce good French ; and that's speaking pretty strongly, as you- would know had you ever heard my attempts. ' ' ?.-''?' 11 She speaks very well, Madame,' interrupted her bridegroom' elect. 'She can say 'oui, arid 'jet'aime,' and dat's so much French as f ask of her.' While we were laughing at this,' and Miss Wokenham was protesting1, with unnecessary ' yehe mence- that she never said 'je. t'aime' to him, and was declaring th'at her friends would think she had taken leave of the last remnant of her senses if he went on in that way, my uncle and Horace Lee en tered together. 'I .picked up this young gentleman on my way home from Oatlands ; or, rather he picked up me, for I was afoot, and he driving in Motherwood's gig. He has been surveying, and measuring arid trariip ing through ploughed fields, with a chain round his middle, or some such adornment, and-r — ' ' — And. he is not fit to come into the presence of ladies, Mrs Gough,' said Horace, finishing my uncle's speech. 'But there was no refusing. You know how positive your lord and master can be on o'ccasiPn.' . . '?'.'..'' 'She know)' said my unole, with a laugh. '0 the sweet simplicity of three'-?tnd-twenty ! . As if a niani was ever positive with his wife ! But there, laddie, run to my room— you know the way— and polish , yourself up before the caridles come. No one hlis sden how you look yet.' It was quite dark, ex cept just within range of the deep red glpw from the hearth ; for we. ail loved the dreamy .fitful firelight, and' had sat. talking by it until the faint grey ghost of day peeping^ in at the windows, had melted into the denBe. blackness of a winter night. ? . 'Where s Nanny?' asked my uncle, suddenly, when he was seated in his arm-chajr enjoying a tan kardof hot niulled.wirie' which Aunt Gough had pro parfj'ci wjth her own- Ijands. .,&.unt wa^ busy now, spicing a, similar jorum fp,r Mr Lee, to warm him af%r the1 cold ploughed fields. ?' Where's Nanny? I hayori't s.et eyes pn her bpriny face, to-day.' She, hadbeen in the midst of U3 when they entered, but had Vanished, . .-. ... ' ', . / .... ? 'Mademoiselle Anna was nearest de door when Monsieur Gough and Monsieur Lee came, in, and she s 1-slapped away wizdvit brie word. I ruinm'ararlf it;' said M'sieu': '.'.-'.' . '.. ..' . . .,' . lr Slapped away | My goodness, Louis? flipped, you mean— slipped away,' cried Miss Wpkeriham, ^vith 'comical' consternatiop. ' ; ' Alt Weii, bleeped,' said Dd Beauguet, with per fect good humor, . smiling round on us all : ' she sle'eped away quite quiet.' 'We'll wake, her up, wilful baggage?' said my uncle, who could not bear tb miss' Anna's bright face from the home circle, even for a moment.. But alnlost' as he sp'dkei the'dodr openddi andmy feister canie in, follQwed by Horace Lee. 'Why, whither did you two run 'off together?' asked. Uncle Gough. 4.' Come hero, sauce-bb'£ This is a warm reception to give' the master of the hoase^ to run away as spdri as he shows' hi? face!' ' -^1 overtook Miss Anna on the stairs as I was coming down, sir,'-' Horace Lee explained, as he drew his chair up to the fire, next mine. I lPoked at iny sister',' arid noticed that she had been to her voocd; to put on a scarlet ribbon' which ' she some times, wore in ber dark curls, arid which she had tied very archly and becoming over one ear. Miss Woken hani, whose dbservation was singularly ke'en, ndtioe'il the ribbon too, but said nothing. Only I saw her watching Anna, with a curious intent look in her eyes all the evening. After all, the little harmless bit' of coquetry' was nothing very wonderful, especially in Annaj who made no secret of the pleasure she took in her own good looks. She was very handsome. And' as she sat on the soft white rug at my uhole'B feet, with her pretty round ann leaning on his knee; and her animated face flushed and smiling, I thought I had never seen a bonnier sight, even, in ia picture So thought unole too, for he sat lookiug' down upon her with a smile of positive' enchantment. ' Sing us a song, Nariny.' he said at last. 'Lot M'sieu' hear one af our Border ditties. Not scien tific musio, you know, M'sioli', but simple old songs, where tho words and the tune seem to belong to each other, and to grow out of each . other like the leaf arid blossom ofa flower. Sing us '. Sir Patrick Spenoe,' Nanny.' . ? * . , ? . . 'rftotifypu oa.\\\ me Nanny,' said she, pouting^ ' For my part, 1 don't know what is the use of one^ godfathers and godmo.thers giving one ,a pretty name, if it's to be uglified into Nan or Nariny. I'd as soon bo called Sukey.' , . . '. But protty names are for pretty people, IXon't you know that, Nanny? Well, there 1 Anna then, Don't flamo up like a volcano, but siqg its, ' Sir Patrick Spenoe,' my bairn,' '' But Anna was. ruffle4» ana would ripteing Sir ?a^riok Sppncd,' (jr. any Qthe'c song. Her tempor was very, capricious, and had beoa .patnpere.d byepnstaut induige^oe,. My. ft,u^t a^-i unole begdri to coftx her in their gentle loving, way, and Monsieur De Boauguet added a polite, hope that Maderiioisoile' wo^ld give .bini the pleasure of hear ing her charming voice j but sho only shook her rioh ringlets, and kept her eyes obstinately fixed on the floor. ' - . ? - ' 'You ask her, Horace,' said my uncle, dri a sud den. 'Try if she won't sing for you.' Horace was sitting silent beside me, arid had not seemed to hear the discussion. He had a very absent way with him sometimes, and he sat playing with a little hair chain, twisting it round and round his fingers. It was mine. I wore it round my neck, supporting a gold iocket which contained some of our dead parents' hairi : Anna arid I had one alik'eV Tn'S clasp of mine had come' unloosed) and it had fallen on the. carpet. I did not replace it at once on fny' neck,- and -Horace took it .-up from the table where I had laid it, arid sat twisting as I Ea'ye said; He started when my uncle spoke, but leaned for ward directly, and said, '0, I beg pardon.' Pray do sing, Miss Anna-' ' What shall I sing ?' she asked softly, lifting her head a little, but keeping her eyes down. ? ' ' There ! You see you have succeeded Horace.' said my uncle. ' I thought you would.' Bu£ ho looked surprised, and just a little hurt.: ? 'Won?t you sing what your uncle asked for?'- demanded Horace: 'No. I'll sing the yellow-haired laddie,' answered Anna, decisively. She was just about to begin, when she glanced up at him, and stopped. 'Where did you get Margaret's chain? Put if . down. I hate to see you twistiucr things backward* and forwards in your hands ; it fidgets me to death.' Horace laid it down without a word,' arid there was a mifiute^s silencer 'It was Bfbkeri by Anna's yiBrating tones, as she burst into an old legendary ballad, the name of which 1 have forgotten (it was net the yel low-haired laddie), but which was wild, and fierce, arid stormy, and which she sang with amazing power and passion. As the last note thrilled through the room, she rose and went away without a: word of good night to anyone,- shutting the doer sharply behind her. We- were- well- used to her capricious moods, her sudden alterations of cloud and sunshine, but there was something strange and oppressive in this. When our three guests bade us good night, intending to walk part of their way home in com pany, Miss Wokenham lingerqd. behind with me^ while De Beauguet arijd Horace were wrapping them selves to face the cold, in the hall. Aunt and uncle were both standing just outside the sitting-room doo^, and the maid had been sent to fetch Miss Wokenham's hood and mantle ; so my old school mistress and I were alone together. Sho knelt up on a chair, and putting her two hands on my shoulders as I stood before her, looked earnestly into my face. .'I.wpndw,'_'.slie.Baid». ajowly,. 'I wpnde'r if' my philosophy is only a fair-weather sailor ! I wonder whether her coumge would rise into her head, or sink into her heels, if, all at once, in the midst of a prosperous voyage, 'favoring gales, halcyon' seas, and. the rest of it, she were to hear the warniog! cry, 'Breakers ahead !' Then with a rapid change 'to the ordinary brisk manner, she added : ' Why, what a sweet sage Margaret it is I You mustn't look so pale; my child: Good night, God bless you;' -And- she was gone. I hunted, before going to bed far my hair chain. The locket was there, safe on the table, but I could not find the little guard that it used to hang- upon. This vexed me rather, and Anna's un-' reasonable humour grieved me. I did' not .like her to be harshly judged by others, as I felt afraid she would be. I lay awake a long time. But' all the while, Miss Wokeriham's' words ran uneasily in my memory, like a haunting tune : ' Breakers ahead i Breakers ahead I' r 