KEROSENE DEPOSITS OF NEW SOUTH WALES. No. V. THE COAL SEAMS AT STONEY CREEK. MAITLAND If the inhabitants of Sydney do not, like the witches in Macbeth, exactly " fly by night, they have, at all events, a. strange penchant for travelling during the hours of darkness. When such travelling necessitates an eighty mile trip by coach and rail, as in my Blue Mountain adventure, the practice is neither pleasant to the person nor economical of time. Night trips, however, involving and comprised in a sea voyage, certain conditions being given, must in nowise be classed in the category of disagreeables. You get, by means of them, the maximum of time allowed you for business or pleasure in the metro- police and this over, winds and waves being propitious, or yourself being tolerably proof against attacks of men who mer, the hours of slumber are economised, and lying down to rest in the harbour of Port Jackson, you wake next morning by the Wollongong wharf, or to hear the engine whistle at the Northern Railway Terminus, and find you have all unconsciously travelled over a distance of sixty miles. Having an inkling of this pleasant state of affairs, I by no means dreaded a hard day's walking, nor, even with such a long journey before me, scruple to visit the theatre at half price afterwards. I went so far as to extent promise a little leisurely stroll of a mile or so on coming out, and readily yielded to the temptation of running half way up George-street, in a mad chase after a fire. This over, I found myself, at about twelve o'clock p.m., climbing the acclivity of Wynyard-square on my way for Sussex-street Wharf. The wharf, albeit rather dull and gloomy outside, was lively enough within. There were cressets blazing ; wharf clerks running here and there; passengers running everywhere; a number of porters, like modern moleskin clad Sisyphus, rolling large matters up steep inclines; and right before me, lay the long snake-like, huge paddled Coonanbarra, snorting terrifically, in a cloud of steam. There was something so ghost-like in the latter's appearance, and be Dantesque seemed the surroundings, that I could not; help mentally asking whether the dark water might not be a certain fabled river, the lights of Balmain some beacon fires lit up in Elysium, and whether old Charon might not, having adopted the latest improvements, now ferry over his freight in a first class vessel driven by engines from the factory of Messrs. Napier, of Glasgow. If the boat were the noted ferryman's it afforded ample accommodations, and was well patronised on the especial Saturday evening in question. There was a big saloon, re- minding one of the magnified after-cabin of a Gravesend boat, surrounded with a double border of open bed-places, or that of a huge ocean steamer, after the outward bulkheads of the state-rooms had been demolished. It was blowing rather stiffly outside the heads, which led to the stewards being pretty busily employed serving out preventatives to sea sickness in the shape of pale Martell's, and in affixing (the brandy remedy scarcely appeared to be relied upon implicitly) certain little arrangements of the buckets to the outsides of theseveralberths. The boatsailingathalf-past twelve, I remember tumbling in at that hour, and being excessively tumbled about for several hours afterwards. When, in company with the rest of the passengers, I woke next morning, it was to find ourselves off the lighthouse, and heading due west for the wharf at Newcastle. A strange, straggling, out-of-the-way, in- describable, English Australian, watering place, colliery village, oasis-of-greenness Sahara-of-sand kind of place did this New castle seem to be. To my mind, the whole town (that is, the houses-the people were quiet enough in bed appeared to have woke up in a fright at our arrival and to have no definite ideas of a rendezvous whereat to rally. Houses seemed to be running into the country in dismay, to be climbing high hills with the object of reconnoitring, and the dwelling of the (light housekeeper on the Nobby struck me ashens a particularly bold spirit who had ventured thus far with the design of getting a good view to seaward. There were a good many colliers lying a the wharf, looking very black and grimy a large array of locomotive engines, with les brass-work and ornament than I ever saw in such a piece of machinery before, but with the name of Stephenson upon the boilers, giving a guarantee of being well u to the work before them that is, who Sampson and Gregory disdained to do the carrying of coals. There was a queer little station, which was a terminus, looking like three cottages with only one doorway Outside this, after half an hour or so, they arrived in peripatetic refreshment seller, who promised meal breakfast as soon as he had li his fire and made his water boil. Not relish: ing this delay, my speedy resolve was to hit me to an adjacent hotel in search of sustt names for my inner man. In this search however, I came to be sadly foiled, finding a I did, that in the hotel in question they had neither ale, wine, rum, or brandy nothing in fact, as the landlord told me, but notice t quit next day, and a gruff looking man 1 possession, who meant to open the house his son, turn over a new leaf, so far as management was concerned, and purchase a good stock of everything in about a fortnight, fell back upon the peripatetic refreshment seller, and finding his coffee execrable, and his jam tarts of unknown age-yet as the poor fellow watched me during the whole of m refection, I was compelled to eat and drink what was offered me I wished I had gone o fasting to Maitland instead. After keeping us waiting for at least two hours, the train appeared, and in about ten minutes more was flying with us at a goc thirty miles an hour, over an excellent! made railroad, on the way to the second town of New South Wales. It is difficult to conceive a flatter country not absolutely level, than that lying by the banks of the Hunter for the next twenty miles. The whole distance is evidently of alluvial formation, due to deposits from 6 often flooded river. Now and then out this flat arise little hillocks, reason of an denuded carboniferous sandstone. The tu was everywhere of an emerald green, and it herbage quite rank, even in so dry a season Much of the latter bore somewhat a tropical appearance. There were plan with wide-spreading fan-like leaves, here or there a cabbagetree palm, bunches of the staghorn fern pendant from the branches < lofty gum-trees, and nondescripts of all kind aliens to any botanical knowledge in my pc session. Everything seen of man's work seemed tell of coal as a staple article of trade and traffic. There were branching lines of rail Into which coal trucks were shunted o: there were little villages, the principal ho in which was sure to be the " Colliers' Arm or something equivalent ; there was a grim looking population lounging at every s tion; ever and anon we passed stran, looking structures, looking Uko spect windmills, only that there were no sails a they were of a jetty black- colour fatal any ghost-like association-so I set this down as marking coal shafts, in such a place only to be looked for About an hour's railway travelling brings us to Maitland-the longest, most straggling town I ever met with. It has literally but one street. On one side cross streets are absolutely impossible, seeing that the place is built upon the Hunter, and that any attempt at leaving the back premises on that side would lead one into the river. It surprised me not a little to find that, although Maitland stands upon the carboniferous formation, in which freestone exists in abundance, it nevertheless scarcely contains a stone built edifice. "How is that?" I? asked a person with whom I had got into conversation. "Well, sir," he replied, "you see the stone about here is the best that can be got anywhere, plentiful enough, and can be had for nothing ; but then, on the other hand, the brick don't cost so much, and is a good deal better," If I had not detected an Irishman in this statement, I should certainly have concluded that Maitland, under these circumstances, must be a paradise for building speculators not to be neglected. The outward physical features of the New South Wales coal basin near Maitland are strikingly different from those manifest near Hartley. In the latter place, we have a succession of wild romantic gorges and valleys excavated out of the wide-spread sandstone plateau in the former, all the upper portion of the sandstone plateau seems to have been swept away, leaving nothing but a number of rounded hillocks, cropping at intervals from out the wide-spread plain of alluvial with which they are surrounded. The presence of this alluvial, and perhaps because the same is partially derived from igneous rocks in the vicinity, renders the contrast, in the matter of fertility, between the two localities still more striking. Whilst Hartley is as barren a spot as can be conceived, Maitland is decidedly the most highly cultivated district of the colony. The same writers who style, in the words of Sir Thomas Mitchell, the one place a desert of stone quarries and sterility speak of the other as the granary of New South Wales. The Stoney Creek coal-beds are situate at about three miles west of the town. The beds evidently lie low in the carboniferous series, and are probably equivalents of both the Hartley and Wollongong deposits. They have already acquired a considerable amount of notoriety among geologists, in consequence of their having been made use of as evidence in the great controversy between Professor M'Coy and the Rev. W. B. Clarke, as to the age of the coal found in this part of the world. Now geological readers will understand that, with the exception of a small patch in Yorkshire, the English coal measures are of immense antiquity, speaking even in the language of geology itself. A large portion of the coal of America is referable to the same age; but a coal-field In Virginia, the coal deposits of India, and the before-mentioned bed in Yorkshire, were evidently laid down at a greatly later date. The principal coal- fields of the world are evidently of the palaeozoic, the smaller and less important ones seem to be of the mesozoic age. Professor M'Coy has long held that the Australian coal is referable to the latter class, whilst Mr Clarke holds that the lower seams, at least are as old, if not older than are the rocks of the true coal measures. The evidence in favour of the rocks being of the newer age, lies in the fact of their being found in them. certain ferns [Qlassopteria Brownes) which are characteristic of the oolitic period, to which the strata are referred by Professor M'Coy. On the other hand, Mr. Clarke has discovered In strata lying above the coal beds in dispute spirited and fish of a type abundant in the earlier epochs of geologic history, but only very seldom found in the secondary or tertiary rocks. The Stoney Creek beds were especially calculated to throw a light upon the subject, since the palaeozoic fossils were manifestly discovered in site and above the coals. Mr. Daintree visited the spot some years since to determine the question; but it happened, unfortunately, that a tolerably deep gully looked so like the mark of an ancient fault and disturbance of the rocks, not taken into consideration in the calculation, that the evidence collected, although especially valuable, was not conclusive. Mr. Russell, the owner of the property, however, informed me that borings had since been made, and that the question of the relative positions of the fossils and the coal had been determined beyond a doubt. On this supposition, the question of age would seem to be settled. It may be wrong for such a tyro as myself to venture on an opinion, but I am really, after all, inclined to doubt the evidence which these discoveries of fossils afford. In the Silurian period, it it very evident that a great similarity of specie! obtained over the whole world. The grapes lives, trilobites, and brachiopods of the Australian Silurian beds are often almost iden- tically the some with those found in the same rocks in Britain, the continent of Europe, and Canada. The Silurian period, however, was of immense duration longer, perhaps, than. that of all the subsequent geologic ages put together. During this period it is easy to imagine that species became gradually distributed over the whole world; or, on the other hand, species once universal became gradually extinct. On this principle, the typical COBBER of the English coal- bearing strata may have existed in European man; ages before they were found in Australia! seas and long after totally destroyed in one part of the world, may have been numerous enough in another and distant locality. What would seem to give colour to this theory is that even at the present day animals exist in this portion of the globe which in Europe have left no record of their existence save a few bones in a very ancient deposited Stonesfield slate. It may happen, therefore that the spirits found in the Australian coal bearing rocks may be somewhat similar relief of a race elsewhere passed away. The evidence from the fish with hoterocoreal tails - ie., tolls set on away, like that of the shark appears still more inconclusive. Fish so formed exist at the present moment, as witness the sturgeon, the cestracion (dogfish of our seas and the shark before mentioned There is clearly, an anomaly c some kind, as manifest in our coal deposits and the question of age would seem almost in as undecided a state as ever. It must be somewhat interesting to Vu toilers to know the general position of th kerosene mineral, as developed in New South Wales, From all I could learn, it is Situated without exception, near the very bottom of the series. The reason of its lying near the surface at Hartley, and cropping out at nee Maitland, is simply that the superimpose strata have been swept away by subji quent denudation, It is evident, therefore that the deposits, however formed, c of whatever origin, are among the very older strata of our carboniferous rocks. Judging from analogy, if found at all in Victoria, will be similarly situated, and us our own carboniferous rocks have never yet been tested to their very bottom, these is he) that rich deposits of canned or other of j may yet be found within our own border At all events, this fact ought to induce co prospectors to persevere in their borings but the whole thickness of sandstone has been pierced, at least in one or two places, to f lowest depth. 