PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, GO LDEN GROVE The opening services of the new Presbyterian Church at Golden Grove were celebrated oil Sun dry and Monday, Juue -i aud 25. Three sermons - were preached to crowded congregations on Sunday, by the ilev. John Gardner in the nioroing an-i evening, and by the Bev. 31r. Fergus n, the paster, in the afternoon. On the Monday following a tea meeting was held at 3 o'clock in the afternoon— an hour which was most convenient to those who lived at a distance away, as the day was most inclement, and the roads very heavy to travei, at night especially. The church was well tilled on each occasion. The new place of worship, in its external ap pearance. resembles many of those erected in country places, with no particular architectural design. The object of the architect seems to have been to have the structure buiit w.th an eye more to the useful and substantial than to the ornamental, though it is by no means an unsightly object. The interior is neatly plastered, aud all the fittings have been tasteful y completed. The seats ale ail of cedar, ami a spacious platform has been erected of the same material. The church iscapableofaccommodating more than dUU persons. The architect is Mr. Garlick; the builder, Mr. E. Walters; and tlie contractor, Mr. J. Johnston. The public meeting commenced at about 5 o'clock—Mr. D. Murray taking the chair. The proceedings having been opened in the usual manner. The Chaieman said their meeting together that evening in a new piace of worship consecrated to God should he considered one of the highest privileges they could enjoy. It was calculated to bcuetii themselves aud their growing families; and he had always noticed that in any district wnere the worship of God was strictly observed, there was greater happiness among tiie inhabitants. lie believed ihey had erected that building nearly free of debt, and lie would say that in a district so populous as that was it should be their effort to remove any pecuniary encumbrance on their church. .Nothing so pleased a minister as the fact that those ar-unJ hiui strove to accomplish the work before them. He considered that debt on a place of worship was like a mi Utone to thuse who were actively engaged in the church, and ne had often heard it said by ministers that the sympathy and support of their Eeople was the greatest encouragement they couid ave. He therefore hoped that teey would do all they couid towaids assisting in the work in which the}- were engaged. Mr. V. Cosstos then read as follows the J " Beport of the Building C niir.ittee of the Pres byterian Church, Golden Grove. "The Committee have much pleasure to state that ibey have nearly, if not almost completed the trust reposed in them, viz., the erection of the building. > In order at the same time to meet the calls of the contractor the Committee were obliged (in lep -lidem ot the subscriptions) to borrow £210 to meet the c ills of the contractor, as per agree ment. A nd with the assistance of she ladies, who formed iliemselves also into a Committee, the Building Committee have been enabled to seat the church, erect the platform, fiai.h the turret oopnig, mi l make a drain :ounl the church to carry away the s orm- water. and mndry other necessary improvements, which the Committee hope will give general satisfaction. Thev also beg beg to slate that the Auditors appointed have taxed the accounts of ihe Treasurer and fomiu the same correct, and that the following is an abstract of the same;— Dr. To subscriptions received, per Trea surer's account ,£214 17 11 Received from 41 r. Little, being pro ceeds of tea meeting. &c.;, as per do. 24 C 1 Suisse iptons received from the Ladies' Ceuinii'tec to scat the church, Ate, as perdu 97 7 0 Sum borro'ved to pay c.ff contractor s account, icc., as per do 200 0 0 Pr-ceeds of services on Sunday and tea meeting 22 3 5 £558 14 10 Cr. Paid Mr. J. Johnstone amount of his contract, as per contract and ac count ,£332 10 0 Do. do. for extra work 11 0 9 Raising stone, carting quoins, gravel, and sundry incidental expenses ... Interest in advance on £200 borrowed Mr. Walters for building turret, &c....; Backs, cement, and sundries Mr. Blake for seats and platform, per agreement Generai incidental expenses in con nection with the building Totd £555 2 7 Leaving a balance in favour cf Church Fund of £3K 3 The Eev. A- Law, of Mount Barker, theu addressed the meeting on the subj eel of * Family worship." He was very much gratified to hear from Mr. Drummond some time since that the inhabitants of Golden, Grove- had combined together for the purpose o| erecting a place of worship. Althouga not very intimately acquainted with this district, he had felt fit'astested ia its progress. He though* the appearance of the ehureii itself; and the tact that a large segregation had assembled to- take part ia the paoseedings of that occasion, .were very encouraging in,themselves, and to all who tookan interest in the advancement of Christianity. The rev. gentleman,lb/si proceeded to speak upon, the topic of family worship, and, after referring to.the importance and objects of religion, remarked.that there should be a Church iu every house- and family. He hoged that the very fact of: theirou gregating there that night and creating the new place of worship, in which they were gatlieicLinti matedthat thosvere alive to the importance, of recognising God as their Creator, and rendering unto Him worship and thanks. Praper was great in its influence upon a numerous aud rising family. It fitted them for the positions they would have to fill in after lif-y in this world. And-not only over material things was its power extended.. It ex tended to higher things. In the New Testament the promises were said to lie to you. ami to your children. This-showed that God recognised family relationships; and if such was the.-casa- ought they not to recognise Him as their family God ? Having opensd a house for the praise of God, he 1 exhoited the heads of families to open an altar in their own households for family worship- i The ftev. Mr. GuP.DON, of Gawler Town, next ' spoke on tbe sabject of " Sabbath VSCosship." aud . adduced sutthiienc reasons why they should take - every opportuaity of propounding and enforcing i the question, which was bound up in the topic : upon wiiich he spoke. They had been—and not : long ago—startled by the marvellous.statement by | a Doctor of Divinity in Scotland that the Deca- i logue was not binding upon the Christian con- ! science; but it was their privilege-sari boast that ; the Ten Commandments were their rule of life. He ! next referred to the wide-spread desecration of ; the Sabbath, and illustrated its enormity ; by referring to the state of tilings iu 1 London as shown by the csjisus of 1SS1, i from which it appeared that there were as many as 52S,0J'i and some odd humkeds who totally ! abjuied the sabbath, and a very large number who systematical!}- absented themselves from places of public worship. Some enjoyed a mere animal ' Sabbath, and not a holy resting aud consecrating • of the .day to <iod and His services. The popular ■ objection against the observance of the Sabbath j was that it was a gloomy day, and unfitted them for business capacities; but it was not so with those ' who knew the value of a conscientious consecration of the Sabbalh-day. He prayed that God would give them many refreshing Sabbath-days in that district, and ttiat He would bless the Church. „ The Lev. Mr. Feugdsox. the pastor of the Church,, spoke on the subject of "Christian Union," wpich he dealt with 111 a very interesting and forcible manner, curtailing his remarks in conse quence of the speakers present who were about to address them and their friends who lived a distance away from the Church. He pointed out that Christ prayed that ihey ail might be one; and this was not only to be a characteristic an.l spiritual, but an outward oneness. He referred to how the unity of Christians might be regarded ia two different ways—their relation to iroH to 0,1,0 He was aware that when the expression Christian union was used it was often intended to designate tiie organization of the Church; but the question when pondered would be found a difficult one to speak to. He thought those with whom he stood connected sometimes imported into the ScripturJ the ideas which they sought to bring out o£ them, but their differences could not he adjusted merely by interpretation. He thought hostilities amongst tUa carious Christian Churches should c .use, and that there should be a solemn unity amongst them to overcome the common enemy and for the furtherance of Cod's work. Wherever union was practicable it should be embraced to promoie and exhibit Christianity. The Kev. Mr. Ctall next addressed the meeting, referring to previous occasions on winch he had the pleasure of visiting Golden Grove, though under adverse circumstances, and alluding to some incidents connected with the laying of the founda tion of the stone. The people in that district had erected a spacious house of worship sufficient for the accommodation of a large number of persons; and he rejoiced that they had for their minister his esteemed friend Mr. Ferguson, who could come amongst them without compromising himself hi the views he held in Congregationalism. This he thought speke much for the spirit of Christian unity which prevailed. (Applause.) He then re ferred to the amount of debt on the church, and I earnestly urged them to make every effort to re duce it, so that they might be able to help the cause of God elsewhere, and in those dark lands which were without the knowledge of God. A collection, which amounted to between £o and £7. was then made, after which The Eev. Mr. Smellie delivered a brief but in teresting address up ,u the importance and useful ness of Sabbath schools, and referred to many instances in which the salutary lessons imparted to children had proved of infinite service to them when they attained maulwod. Ha trusted that this place of worship would enjoy the blessing of the Great King and Head of the Church, and that the Sabbath-school in connection with it would go on and prosper. The Kev. J. Gardner, after referring to the fact that it had been wisely arranged that lie should not address them at any length that evening, as he had preached twice on Sunday, moved, with the greatest possible feeling of cordiality, a vote of thanks to the ladies for their kind assistance. The vote was carried by acclamation; and a similar compliment having been paid to the speakers, the proceedings were brought to a close. High Peice of Cigaes. — The high price of cigars is becoming a serious tax on our already over-burdened population. Formerly Eng land was the only country in Europe, which im ported Havana cigars in any large quantities. In ail the large Continental States, where the sale of tobacco is a monopoly in the hands of the Govern ment, it was impossible to buy foreign cigars by retail, the only ones furnished by Government to its privileged dealers being those manufactured in its own establishments. A stranger in Paris, Vienna, or St. jPetersturg did not know where to buy foreign cigars either in small or in large quantities. I Koiv the French Government, taking pity on its smokers, imports Havana cigars, and otters them for sale iu small pack< ts at its tobacco shops, or "tobacco offices." as they are curiously but signi cautly called. This is a'l very well for the French, and for foreigners visiting France; but the contract of the Freuch Government with some of the principal houses in Havana is on such a large sca'e that it has affected the price of cigars in England, which, ill spite of the recent reduction of duty, are uow dearer than they ever were before. A well-known foreigu democrat complained some time ago, in an article on "Equality,'" that the cigars lie bought in Condon cost him eightpence a piece, ,and that there were very few shops where he could get them of the Quality he liked. It appears that the French Government, with all its desire to conciliate the poorer classes, caunot supply Havana cigars much below this price. From a circular issued by the English agent of the French foreign tobacco department we hud that no cigars thought worthy of a name are ottered for less than sixpence each. The cheapest are styled "various," and are sold m packets of six for lialf-a-crown a packet. The dearest are styled "Partags?," and they ought ro lie genuine, for the packet of six costs iifteeu shillings. If the Aus trian an J Kussiau Government should imitate the conduct of Frauce on the tobacco question, and make contracts on their side with the cigar mer chants of Havana, the value of a reaiiy fine cigar will become equal to thai of a good bottle cf burgundy or champagne.—Pall Mall Gazette. James Stephens.—This Head Centre of the Fenians iu Ireland is a man cf fair literary arainmmts, and is understood to be a good linguist, speaking French and German with con siderable fluency. As a tjieaker he is said to be possessed oi persuasive powers cf no ordinary character, whilst as a conversauunalist those w ho have i>rt-n intimate with him describe him to he rarely endowed. His manner is insinuating, and if the charges brought a.aiast lum be founded on far", tiicre.ean be no doubt that lie is just the man to accomplish the purpose which it is alleged he had in view—the establishment cf a great con spiracy, of which lie himself should be centre j and wire-puller. He is orig uaily from Kilkenny, ! where his father was e'erk to an auctioneer. Coming up to Dublin he received employment in connection with railway works, upon the cessation of which he was for some time disengaged, and was then to be found about the Voting Ireland Clubs, where lie was a frequent speaker. At the meetings of the Irish Confederation he attracted , the nonce of the late Mr. Smith O'Brien, who was ; struck with his evident ability, gentlemanly de- ■ me inour, and apparent menial cultivation. Mr. j (J'liitea ma le enquiries concerning him, and ; engaged him to 3ct in the capacity of his ! amanuensis, or qaati private secretary. Ia this j way he is said to have become c'.oselv connected j with the proceedings cf IMS. After the expl sion j of that memorable fiasco he sojourned in the j mauu'ains of Kerry. One of those who sa w him ! there—a man named Daniel Mahony—deposed on 1 the occasion of the Phoenix pro eeutlons. in 1S51): 1 heard he was at Ua'dingany with Smith O'Brien it was after the but'Ie of Callingarry that I sate ■ him; he appeared en that day not to wish to come j into tow;n." He seems to have left the country after this, and gone to England, thence to Ame rica. In some years afterwards w e fin I him again a: iCumvare, seeking for employ men:. He there informed Jlalioiiy—wh j,-e evidence we have rc- ' ferred to—that he ma? going to Kil'.rmcy about a tuition he was getting there. This statement was true, for in the summer <<f li£><< he was teaching 1 French at a iauies' school in Killarney. Subse- j quently he stepped ;-.t Mr. O'Doci'ib, at Gltncar, ! ami at Rnssbcigu; auti then returned to lv-illarnev, ; where he was again engaged as a teacher at a | school. In the autumn of 1S35 he left the neigh- ! bourhood of Killarney for Dublin, where lie ; earned a livelihood a: a tutor ia at least oue or two , families of high respectability. In the summer | of I.-5S he was again ;u the south. His subsequent j movements we refrain from attempting to trace. ■ —Evening Mai'.. I The First Fenian.—Finn, better known in Ireland as Finn Mv'ctuhail, flourished in Ireland during the thir.l century of the Christian era. It is the general opinion among the common people that Finn was a giant, some say sixty feet in bright. Warriors like Finn, who pass away in the twilight of history, leave long shadows behind them. We find it difficult to believe that great heroes were little men. This Finn is the Fingai of Macpherson, who has made a Scotchman of him. The poet. Thomas Moore, in his "History of Ireland," says, "it has been the fate oi this popular Irish hern, r.fter a long course of traditional renown iu this country, where Irs name still lives, not only in legends and snugs, but iu the yet more indelible record of scenery connected with his memory, to have been all at once transferred by a lop. ion (kidnapping we should s.-.j) to another country (Scotland), to start under anew but false shape in a fresh career of fame.'" When "Tommy Moore" penned che-e words, he little thought that the great hero and supporter of the royal house of Conuac was to 6tart, or to lie started a third time, as the leader or renresea ative of a set of Red republicans, of adventurers and shop-boys. It is enough to make ta.-o s,f the ghost of this Irish hero burst the bars of Hades, and denounce these beggarly reliels, whom fee would not have employed as "daltins," or horseboys, to his cavalry. "This celebrated warrior," says Dr. O' Donovan, in his notes on the "Annals of Ireland." "had two grand residences in Leinster—one in Almhcin. in the County of Kildare. and the other in Meghelle, now Mayolly, in the King's County. He was the son-in-law of King Corroac. and General of his standing army, which, as Piukerton remarks, seems to have been in imitation of the Eonian legions."— Shilling Magazine. < 