CONSECRATION OF TUB ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. [From the Melbourne Herald, August 16-1 One of the grandest and most soJemn of the spectacles of the Roman Catholic Church is the consecration of a Bishop; and from the fact that very fen- creations take place in the Southern Hemisphere, the interest attaching to the cere mony is extensive. The vacancy in the present instance lias occurred by the decease of the Right Rev. Dr. Geogliegan, who expired some months siucc in Dublin, whilst on a visit to his native land. All who knew the deceased prelate in Mel bourne deeply deplored his death, as a scholar, a profound thinker, and a most Christian gentleman was thereby lost to the Church and the com munity. His immediate successor is Dr. SliieL. heretofore acting as Archdeacon of Ballarat, but also well known for many years in Melbourne and other districts of Victoria, as one of the most suc cessful pioneers of Christianity and education, llis zeal in each instance has been unceasing, and at length he has been rewarded for his labours by being elected one of the Princes of his Church, and receiving the mitre, one of the greatest honours conferred by the Church of Rome. On Wednesday morning (15ih) he was consecrated in St. Francis's Church, in the presence of an immense congregation. Soon after 11 o'clock the procession moved from the vestry, headed by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne; the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town; the Right Rev. Dr. Eloi, Bishop of Southern Oceanica; and the Bishop elect; a large number uf priests following in the train to the sanctuary. The consecration service then began, the organ and choir in a burst of sacred melody commencing Mozart's '"Twelfth Mass;" Professor Hughes .acting as organist. The officiating Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. GooM, had for his assistant-deacons to the throne the Rev. Henry England and the Rev. F. Corbett. The deacons of the mass were the Very Rev. Dr. Hayes, DeaR of Sandhurst, and the Rev. James Moore, of Keilor, and his Lord ship's chaplains, the Very Rev. Dr. Bleasdale aud the Rev. Geo. Barry. The Very Rev. the Vicar Genetal, Dr. Fitzpatrick, acted as assistant priest. The chaplain of the Bishopof Hobart Town was the Rev. 8. Reardon. The Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, of St. John's College, Sydney, officiated as .chap lain to Bishop Eloi, and the Very Rev. Dr. Smyth. Vicar-General of Adelaide, in the same capacity to the Right Rev. Dr. Shiel. Amongst the clergymen present were the Rev. Juliau Woods, Penola, S.A.; Revs. F. Downing and — Hoyne, of Geelong; Rev. E. A. O'Dwycr, Sandhurst; Rev. W. Finn, Heidelberg; Rev. M. Skehan, Creswich; Revs. — Kavanagh and O'DriscoIl, Emerald Hill; Rev. it. Power, Bal larat; Rev. C. O'Hea, Pentridge; Revs. F. Kelly, S.J.;, — Lentaigne, S.J.; — Nolan. S.J.; — Mclniry, S. J. The Very Rev. Dr. Backnaus acted as master of ceremonies. The attar and throne had been beautifully and artistically decorated under the supervision of Mr. D. Brookmau, Clerk of St. Francis*. The celebrant was the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, assisted by Bishops Murphy and Eloi. The ceremonial commenced by robing and vesting the prelate elect with vestments of the most hand some and costly description that could be procured in this portion of. the world. He was then pre sented to the Bishop of the Diocese (Dr. Goold). and Dean Hayes read in the Hatin tongue the bull that had been received appointing Dr. Shiel Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Shiel then took the oath of obedi ence to His Holiness the Pope, and promised to observe the rights of the See of Adelaide intact. His examination as to the faith entrusted to him, his fealty to the Pope, and humility to the poor, was then proceeded with by the Bishop of Melbourne. The litany having been sung, the hymn "Veni Creator" was chanted, while the head and hands of the prelate elect were anointed with holy chrism, and the gloves and episcopal ring handed co nun. me consecrating and consecrated Bishops then said mass to the lesson, and afterwards at the same altar together partook of the same chalice and host. Then having been presented with the pastoral Btaff, the newly created Bishop moved with the other Bishops down the church, and bestowed his benediction on the congregation. On returning to the altar after mass had been said the newly consecrated Bishop was enthroned by Dr. Goold, and received the usual salutations from bis brother prelates. The ceremony, which lasted nearly three hours, was now concluded, the choir singing the "Te Deum"' in the same manner as in the cuapel of His Holiness the Pope at Rome. The Kev. B. Power, of Ballarat, then preached the conseciating sermon, taking for his test, " Go ye, and teach all nations.'' Matthew xxviil, 10. After treating his subject in a most scholarly and eloquent manner, though evidently suffering from indisposition, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, he said:—"Ami now, my Jjonl Bishop, I will claim your indulgence for a moment while 1 address to you personally a few* words on the solemn scene in which you naturally stood out as the principal object. In obedience to the voice of Peter's successor, you have accepted a territory and a flock, to rule them as Bishop of the Church of God. The holy anointment has placed you on the episcopal bench to assist them with your piety, your prudence, and learning, in the miuhty work for which the Holy Ghost has set them apart. For the burden of the episcopate, humanly speaking." is intolerable. You must lean on the Almighty arm of Him whose voice has elected you from among men to bear it. The early training of a spotless life has fitted you for it— whether it was in the Irish home of your boyhood, where, under the teaching and example of a Bishop who now is resting in the bosom of God, and whose sainted name must be familiar to those by whom I am surrounded—the late Or. Hughes, of Gibraltar—you first were led to devote your life to the service of God, or in Borne amid the cloisters of St. Isidore's convent od the Pincian Hill, where for years you drank in the snirit of jour sainted founder St. Francis—the spirit of self-sacrifice and humility, or of the cross, or in the academic halls already consecrated by the genius, prodigious learning, and holy life of the great Luke Wadding, where you received the honours justly due to your talents. If these be claims sufficient to justify your elevation to the episcopate they are entirely yours. My Lord Bishop, if 13 years of arduous foreign mission - life upon the Australian land ate to-day crowned by the scene of which we are spectators, it is only the approving verdict of the several flocks whom you guided with fidelity and zeal, and who in return obeyed your holy counsels and practice, as their pastor, with cheer ful docility and ardour. Let no poor words of mine further stay the course of the Holy Spirit in your favour; let the imposing bands and holy anointing bring Him down from oa biglu filling your heart and brain with the gifts of peace ana power to enable you to accomplish the mighty work set apart for you; let the fires of the Spirit descend upon you at whose kindling touch the holy priest will be changed into a bishop of God's holy church, and then, my Lord BiBliop-elect, with the mitre of justice on your conscrated head, with the staff of power m your band, *go forth to teach and rule the new in heritance' of Adelaide assigned to yon. Ours will be the grief inparting with you, hers will be the consolation—Victoria loses the faithful, loving priest; she gains the Bishop of her desires. Such are the compensations of a good Providence in the ever-shifting scenes of life. Go forth, my Lord Bishop, with the prayers and blessings of your friends and flocks for your future happiness here and beyond the grave; and when the evening o& I trust, a long life shall by its thickening shadows warn you that your course has well nigh run out, when surrounded and supported by the affection and fidelity of a faithful priesthood and flock, the corona fratrum may 6he, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to-day is chanting from Rome to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round it the sweet fragrance of her interces siooary power; may she lead you in the dark night of death across the wilderness to Jesus the eternal Pontiff, who will give you that crown of unfading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith." The proceedings were then concluded, and bishops, doctors, deans, and acolytes left the sanctuary. 