CHAPTER XXVI Mrs. Leigh's Ms. Continued - "Leighton" "You by me, And I by you - this is your hand in mine - And side by side we sit." - ROBERT BROWING "We reached our pretty rustic home in the evening, and found a fanciful bowery arch erected over the entrance-gate, and a troop of dusky little people, under the command of Polly, with baskets and hands full of flowers to strew the drive up to the door. Dancing and singing, they capered along before us, and as a final attention, greatly to Polly's dismay and the astonishment of our horses, stood on their heads in the verandah, before scampering round to receive their promised treat of sweet cake from the kitchen. "A rambling, irregular place was our cottage home, having been originally built only for an overseer, and then added to at different points by Arthur's predecessors, to accommodate the owner. So that the final result, after Arthur's own additions, was something almost labyrin- thine in arrangement. Countless passages and doors separated and connected the rooms in the most unexpected manner; and the sur- rounding verandahs, into which every apart- ment opened, either by a door that served for a window, or by windows that acted as doors, completed the complication to a bewildering degree, and to my exceeding diversion. For the first few days it seemed as if nobody ever went out of a room by the same way that they came in, and I several times lost myself in going from the drawing-room to my own chamber. As to making such a house secure from intrustion, if anyone wished to enter, the idea was simply absurd, and never attempted nor thought about. "A natural terrace, on the slight elevation which in that monotonously flat country we dignified by the name of a hill (though its utmost height was not about 200 feet), had been judiciously chosen as the site of the buildings, and commanded a wide and very lovely view, seen in portions through the great evergreen oaks, pines, and giant cotton-trees where grew near the house, and tempered the glare of the ferbid sunshine by their changing and chequered shade. "The garden, which was also our orchard, sloped steeply from the terrace, so that we looked over the round green masses of the great fig-trees and mulberries, and the grace- ful waving crests of the olives; for, thanks to the horticultural taste of the former pro- prietor, the ground had been well stocked with a variety of valuable and beautiful trees. Oranges, lemons, shaddocks, and pomegranates skirted the upper part of the slope, which formed a verdant lawn; and the pillars and roofs of the verandahs were clothed and garlanded with ipomeas, passion-flowers, roses, and jasmine. Hedges of cactus, myrtle, and geranium hid the fences, and bright glancing birds and gorgeous butterflies peopled the air, in seeming rivalry of the flowers and of each other. "In our more distant view lay outspread wide tracts of vividly green swamp, partially cleared, and covered by cane and cotton planta- tions, divided by a winding river, gleaming through groves of mango, cotton, and tamarind trees, its tributary waters flowing slowly onwards to the mighty Mississippi, which was unseen from our cottage, but whose where- abouts was marked by the darker; and denser forest which spread for leagues beside its banks. "In the middle- distance - to speak as of a picture - the white houses of other resident planters rose here and there, bowered in their woods and gardens, with whole villages of huts, which, to say truth, were more picturesque in the distance than pleasant on a nearer approach. "The roads around were not good enough to render driving on them very agreeable, and except to return the few visits we received from distant neighbours, I rarely left our little domain. Our own happiness and quiet pur- suits filled our time and thoughts. Arthur had taken a facy to study German with me, and made rapid progress, in our abundant leisure. And we had music, and plentiful supplies of new books and periodicals; and I had that pleasantest of all cares to occupy my few solitary hours, the preparation for the expected blessing, and exerted all my needle- craft on the delicate little garments of cashmere, cambric, and lace, resolving that the first clothing put upon my coming treasure should be every stitch my own work. Oh, happy, happy days, when the bliss of Heaven was around me, and I knew it not, but _hoped_ for what was yet to come. Poor blind fool! "The heat, and my increasing languor and weariness in the least fatigue, caused me fre- quently, when Arthur was absent, to lie down for a rest and fall asleep; and he used to laugh and call me his dosing little doormouse, but himself stepped as softly as one, not to break my slumbers. "Polly had constituted herself still more essentially my guardian and nurse than before, and was full of quiet little devices for my comfort. If too bright a ray of light made me shade my eyes with my hand as I lay, the next day would find an extra curtain or blind put up to screen it off. If I changed the position of a chair, or lifted one into the verandah, thenceforward there was a chaiur always so place. And the flowers I love she knew so well that I felt half disposed to com- plain, for they were always so freshly and gracefully arranged, I never needed to fill my vases myself. " One delicious kind of lemonade she used to make for me, which I liked more than any other beverage, and suffering often from heat and thirst, drank it so frequently that Polly prepared some every day, and often when I awoke from my little siesta I found a cool goblet of it beside the sofa. "One day Arthur had gone to see the Mumpfords, people I scarcely knew, and felt then disinclined to visit, and I had dozed off over a book, when I suppose something startled me, and I awoke to see Polly rise up and glide away from beside me. I looked sleepily after her, and called her, but she did not return. I then rang the little silver bell on my table, and she came instantly. I asked why she had gone away when I called her. She said, 'Missee call the bell, not call Polly with her tongue." " 'But I called you before that, as you were going out of my room, a minute ago.' "She smiled softly. 'Missee dreaming. Polly been sitting in next room this hour and more. Knew Missee was 'sleep, and did never stir, so not wake her.' " 'I know you moved very silently, Polly, and I do not think you did exactly wake me, but I saw you quite plainly get up close here \- you must have been kneeling by my pillow \- and you went out at that window - the Venetian shutter is open now.' "For a moment or two Polly looked troubled and puzzled, but checked herself when about to speak, and after a pause said, 'Misee not angry? Polly _must_ take care of her now.' "I replied, 'Not angry, certainly; but do not ever say an untruth to me again, Polly. I had rather you took less care of me than tell fibs about me. Get me some lemonade, please.' "Polly gazed at me very wistfully, and sighed as she turned away, saying to herself, 'Poor dear Missee - poor - poor!' and I felt annoyed at what I thought was a fussy sort of officiousness in her. "I told Arthur in the evening how she had first startled me, and then denied being in the room. He of course laughed at me, and then, kissed me, saying I was a fanciful old pet; but when I looked annoyed, and he saw I treated the matter seriously, he spoke earnestly too, and said, 'My darling, I understand your illusion perfectly. You were in that state of semi-sleep when fragments of dreams fit them- selves into our real waking life so closely as to seem part of it; just as some real noise happening whilst we sleep is straightway adopted as dream-material by Queen Mab and her sprites, and the broom-rattle of a sweep in the chimney becomes the ehthusiastic applause of a crowded opera-house; or the shrill crow of honest chanticleer is transmuted into the appalling cry of a friend murdered in our arms; or a peal of thunder - which is valuable dream property, let me tell you, and generally made available for some grand effect - becomes the clash and clatter-a-dash of one's house falling about one's ears in an earthquake. I remember having a horrible dream some years ago. I was tiger hunting in India. One tiger leaped on my horse and pulled him down, when a second enormous brute sprung upon me, and gripped me by the shoulder in his huge jaws. I grappled with him, had him by the throat; we were down together in a mortal tussle in the jungle, when he hit me such a blow on the head with his paw that - I awoke! to find myself sprawling on my own bedroom floor, with both hands clutching the collar of my uncle's coat, and he, half-throttled, boxing my ears to get loose. "And I'll take very good care, Master Arty," said he, rising to his feet, "that _I_ don't get mixed up again with your morning dreams." Now you see, my darling, I took my material uncle, when he shook my shoulder to arouse me, for my dream-tiger, and you have taken a dream-Polly for the real one. That's just the whole affair; and now see what I have for you, a present from Annie Mumpford. She has been lame for some years, poor girl, with some sad hip complaint, and amuses herself a good deal with fancy work. She has been making this, whatever it is, for you, and asked me to bring it. "I opened the parcel he gave me, and found a most dainty pincushion, covered with rich white silk, and with a fall of nice lace round the outside. On the top was a wreath of pink roses and green leaves, beautifully made of crape in different shades, and as close an imi- tation of nature as the materials permitted. In the space within the wreath the word 'Welcome,' illuminated in pins, showed the mission of the pretty gift. It pleased me so much that I thought no more then of Polly's troublesome attentions, but talked to Arthur of the afflicted young donor, and of what present I could send her that she would most like. CHAPTER XXVII Mrs. Leigh's MS. Continued - Under the Figtree "Is it gone? my pulse beat - What was it? a lying trick of the brain? Yet I thought I saw her stand, A shadow there at my feet." - Tennyson Sunset was such a glorious scene from our terrace, that despite the mosquitoes, which were troublesome in an evening out of doors, we often lingered late under one giant fig-tree, where Arthur had had seats and a rustic table placed, and enjoyed the lowly quiet of the spot! The wide-spread plain lay glowing in the amber and crimson- tinted rays of the setting sun, and each little hollow as it tank uonto shade looked a deep valley, while the partially seen river, glittering with golden lights, outthone all the sky save the sun him- self in glory. "The, when 'the golden orb had set,' and the quickly-waning brief twilight was fading away, the birds, one after another ceased their evening aongs, the bright day butterflies disappeared, and the owl-plumaged night-moths came out from their hiding places and fsitted softly about, sometimes pursued by great bats, winnowing silently by like supernatural things; and the perfume of the flowers rose like grateful incense on the dew-laden air. "One evening I had been sketching one of out pretty vistas for my dear father. I sketched every part of our house and grounds that was capable of making a sketch to send him, and make him familiar with our surroundings. I had even sent him pictures of our sitting-rooms with all their belongings, and now I wished to show him the portraits of some favourite and singularly beautiful trees. When light failed me for my work we loitered about the garden, and sat beneath the fig-tree till the so lately bright landscape showed only like a neutral-tint study of one dim and vague. We turned towards the house, when I remembered having left a pen- knife stuck into a chink of the tree, and Arthur would not readily find it in the gloom, I stepped back, more quickly than usual, to get it. I almost touched the tree when I saw Polly retreating from it on the other side. I thought she had come to caution me, as she often did, not to stay out in the night air and dew, and said " 'Ah! Polly, you need not be afraid. We were just going in, but I forgot my knife, and came back for it. Are the lamps lighted in the drawing-room?' And I went on with Arthur to the house, thinking she was following us. Cora came to me in my own room to take my hat and put my hair neat, and I said, 'Tell Polly, when she comes in, that I want the list of the children who have attended school to-day' - for I had established one on Mrs. Callcott's plan, which was progressing in a most gratifying, manner, and as I gave weekly reward for the most constant attendance, I always had the daily list brought to me in the evening. " 'Polly's gone to bed, Missee,' replied Cora. 'Her head ached so very bad, and she ask me beg pardon for her.' " 'Gone to bed!' I echoed. 'Why it is not five minutes since I saw her under the great fig-tree; she must have got up again, and she had far better lie still, poor thing, if her head aches. Go and tell her to get back at once and rest.' "I returned to the drawing-room, and Arthur bade me sing to him, saying [Indent] " 'Here will we sit sad let the sound of music [Indent] creep in our ears; soft stillness and the night [Indent] Beccme the touches of sweet harmony.' "When Cora was brushing my hair before I went to bed, I asked if Polly were better, again observing how foolish she had been not to remain quiet in bed. Cora did not reply. I " 'Did you bid her go back to bed?' " 'She _is_ bed, Misse.' " 'But did she go when I sent you to her?' " 'She in bed den, Missee.' " 'Dear me, she was very quick! In bed when you went from me, Cora?' " 'Yes, Missee, and fast asleep.' " 'But I saw her in the garden.' " 'No, Missee.' " 'What do you mean by _no_ , Cora? When I went back for my knife, I saw Polly standing by the table under the tree.' " 'No, indeed, Missee.' " 'Cora, you must not contradict me in that silly way. Polly was under the tree, and I saw her and spoke to her, and she went away whilst I stood there.' "Cora said no more than 'As Missee please,' and finished plaiting my hair in silence. "Of course I told Arthur of Polly's stu- pidity, as I called it, and he drowsily said he hoped she would sleep as soundly as he should, and that would cure her headache. I slept soundly too, and heard from Cora next morn- ing, when she brought my chocolate, that Polly was 'quite better.' "Whilst I was dressing she came herself to bring some letters,and I asked how she could some letters, and I asked how she could foolish as to go running about the garden at night, after going to be unwell. She was silent. " 'Why don't you speak, Polly? What did you go to the fig-tree for last night?' "She looked at me almost piteously, but she did not speak. I repeated my question. " 'Polly never there yesterday at all, Missee.' "I felt very angry. I always hated false- hood, and had taken so great a liking to these two servants, and had thought them so trust- worthy and considerate, that I was doubly annoyed to find them leagued together in deceit. I know I spoke with some irritation, and told Polly I had seen and spoken to her under the fig-tree, and that denial was useless. Besides, she was doing no wrong, and why should she deny it? She had come there and to other parte of the garden many times be- fore on the kindest errands, to warn me of the dew, or to bring me a shawl or cloak, and why say she had not done so on this one occasion? I was much annoyed, and left Polly in tears. " rthur heard my story with a laugh at what he called my wild and ungovernable imagination, and suggested that I must have been dreaming very fast this time, to have had a vision whilst I ran back for my pen knife, but he looked more gravely when I showed him how impossible it was that I could have been mistaken. He then reminded me of the many instances on record of optical illu- sions, and reaching down the volume, read to me Sir Walter Scott's description of his vision of Lord Byron in the hall at Abbotsford, which resolved itself into a cloak and a gleam of moonshine. 'And now,' he added, 'if we go down to the tree at dusk this evening, I dare venture to predict that we shall see the component parts of your apparition of Polly in a knot of the bark and a bunch of leaves.' " 'But,' I persisted, 'she walked away from me whilst I looked at her, as if she went towards the south terrace. Your bunch of leaves could not do that.' " 'Very true, but a little change of light, even the shadow of your own figure, might render any object opposite to you so indistinct, that in the careless glance you could give they might seem to retreat in the gloom. And as you and I, my Phoebe, do not believe in ghosts, and as Polly was certainly in her bed, and so proves her alibi in this case, you must be convinced that your vivid fancy has deluded you. Did you ever read the _Castle of Otranto_? "I had not. " 'Then we will go in for its gobliniy together this afternoon, my beauty; and if the enchanted casque do not usurp the place of honest Polly in your waking dreams for awhile, there is no faith in the supernatural. And when we have fairly and solemnly gone through the hair-stirring narrative, you shall answer me a question thereanent.' "Thus did my dear husband with his simple dear reason combat my suspicions of Polly. What could be her motive for such furtive watchfulness of me I was wholly unable to divine, but that she had got into the habit of peeping and 'eaves-dropping' I was quite convinced. "We began the old romance the same day. I lay on a sofa, setting on some pretty borders to an exquisite little worked cambric cap, and stopping at the end of each row to pinch the fairy lace into tiny plaits, and put the cap on my doubled hand in the shape I hoped to see it worn. Arthur looked up and smiled slily, asking if he should try it on for me, and then with tones of sepulchral depth in his pleasant voice went on with his reading. It lasted us three happy afternoons, and when, in the thrilling tableau of the last scene, the giant spectre, appropriating the colossal armour, had vanished, and the book was closed, the question I had to answer was this: - Did Horace Walpole write that in earnest as a romance to be gravely read, and shuddered over, like the Old English Baron and the rest of that ghost-and-goblin school? Or did he - as one can well imagine such a witty and worldly-wise man doing - did he write it with an intense, inward chuckle at his own power to out-Herod Herod in the crea- tion of horrific terror, and the raising of timid " goose flesh" at his superlative supernatural- ism? Could such a man have written that ''at this instant three drops blood fell from the nose of Alfonso's statue," without throwing his pen on the table, himself back in his chair, and laughing the laugh of triumph at the invention of so gloriously absurd a climax! When Swift published _Gulliver's Travels_, there were, I doubt not, readers who earnestly assured one another they preferred Anson's or Cook's voyages, and had no catholic a faith in one as the other. I verily believe our grandmothers \- bless them! - would have read Thackeray's _Rose and Ring_ without seeing anything with such beneficial results, "turn the cook of the urn on her Royal Highness," they would probably have entered the new hot-water remedy as a valuable hint in their recipe books. I believe that the _Castle of Otranto_ is the first true burlesque, and when we go home to England, my darling, I shall recom- ment it to the attention of the theatrical peo- ple there. And now do you agree with me?' "He knew I did; for despite his tragic tone, many passages had seemed to me highly ludicrous, and the enchanted casque ahd as little chance of troubling my dreams as the knocker of the wretche Ruffanuff." 