A MIDNIGHT DRAMA. (Per favor of the Tumut $ Adelong limes.) [Enter Ghost .1 J. ? Whose shade is that ? H. Neddy's. Woe is me ! Alas ! poor Ned ! I knew him well, Henrico, A fellow of boundless fun ; Of moBt excellent temper, and generous to a fault. He hath grasped me by tbe hand, making ma do a M wet' a hundred times ) And now — how degraded in my eye he is— How lost to all he held most dear ? My bile rises at it. Tboae lips that breathed with kindly humour, Open only to election clap-trap ; That brain we deemed an honest business brain, Burns at the soft sawdering words of cunning faction. Where be bis jests now ; his harmless pranks ; His cheering laugh } his flashes of merriment That were wont to set the ' Bee-hive ' in a roar P Not one now to mock his rueful phiz ; quite chap fallen! TWflftiinkd T *aa him nnw. On the way to bear tbe Poll deolared. He wrings his hands ; his boding feara Find utterance thus : My friendB are false ! The o'er great Mayor Hath showed them sterling stuff. My chance is spanned already ; 1 1 am but the shadow of poor Blowering { And when the Poll, declared— ? Makes known the victory of his rival, r Feint with defeat, and siokening with disgust at Man's base perfidy ; he strokes his beard, : And onoe more, essays to speak Oh ye adamantine hearts! ! Te cruel men of Tumut. Enow ye not Neddy I Many a time, and oft, have ye not begged Favors from him i Enow ye not, your oattle Grazed o'er all his wide domain ? Hare you not— one and all acknowledged htm The very Prince of all Good Fellows f And when he asks you in return, only a paltry vote 2 The dubious honour of stepping into O. C.V shoes, Sou turn upon your greatest benefaotor, and Denv him this small boon. Oh dolts I The very Ballot Paper blanches indignation As the pencil passes through his name. Get tbee to the Senate House, and hasten ; Fall ye all upon your principles, and ask the I Hon. James to stay th9 dire plague that needs Must fall on thia ingratitude. | Go, Henrico I To thy couoh, I say, Ponder awhile on the softness of that poor man ? Who puts his trust in popularity j For even while he thinks— fond Bimple one— The honours of the Houee await him, 1 The treaoherous crowd do piny him false, and then He comes to grief j like Neddy here, Never to show his head again. ; FAUST. 