BUSH LYRICS. (From the Hamilton Spectator.') Many months ago we published a poetical production called "The Feeding Track," which was entitled to and received a great deal of attention, and in many places, of approbation. We followed this effusion, it will be remembered, by one or two others from the same author, in which the career of certain gentlemen in the Dick Turpin line, then practising in New South Wales, but since deceased, were held up in high lauda tion. Another bundle of poems by the same talented author, one Isaac Hall, has fallen into our hands, and are by no means un worthy of attention. The author, who is evidently an " old colonist," is in. the habit of travelling the country and singing his compositions at the different men's huts on, the stations. lie has a good voice, and sings them with, a degree of spirit and comical feeling that it is quite irresistible, and the songs themselves, fairly written.out.in a good hand on foolscap paper, find a ready sale at sixpence a piece. This Isaac Hall is a bard of the true ancient pattern.. Of course we would not offend the refined genius of an Ossian Macpherson or a " Mount Sturgeon" I with comparisons, but the productions of Hall possess what-their compositions do not aim at,-they possess the spirit of a class. You feel, on .reading the sharp, terse, and unrythmical lines, that they give you the feeling of the men's hut; the scene comes before you like a picture. And the songs are invaluable from this very cause. They give us a glimpse into life that we could not otherwise penetrate. We see the men's hut when the ."cove" is not looking on, and when there is no good behaviour put on for the presence of the overseer. The first Ave will give will be HUNGRY SQUATTERS AND COOKS. Tune-The Girl I left behind me. You fortunate-liunting squatters all Listen to this oration: Your names I've got for a hungry lot, And your vote for immigration. Your runs fene'd in, your flocks at large, You laugh and grin with joy At thousands of your fellow-men, Seeking for employ. CHORUS. My hands are soft, my face is pale, To hunger I'm a martyr, -My trousers hang, like an empty sack, About my legs aud quarter. The Terricks I have visited; I called at Dr. --; I asked him for employment He turned up his nose j " It is not work that you do/wont, But rations from the store," . .He order'd me to the right about, And slap bang went the door. CHORUS. \- The " gaffers" growl, and the women cooks The very dogs will bite, When I walk up to the squatter's door, To ask to stay to-night. Away I went to Perumbera; And also Warperella. . Young G , with face of brass Came out and loud did bellow, ' . Away! away! you loafing scamp ; " At Echuca get your supper; I never mean to feed the tramps; I'm Bobby G ?, the duffer.". * [Chorus as 1st verse]. I slithered ofi to Morago run, And there I met Fred Pcppin; ' .He saw me come-lie tried to shun .G . Me, with water dripping j I shook and trembled with the cold, He asked me what I wanted. I told him a feed, and a shake down, too Of course they were not granted. [Chorus as 2nd verse]. By the looks of cooks *v "p. You may always know t ~ What their heads contain. .V. - Why, this is it, just what I've writ A lot of surly brain-. 1 They thinlc they'll never travel more \- To ask a feed in vain They do not wish to see you there; . So you may march again. CHORUS, The governors pf the men's huts are Both old and new chums crooks; When travellers walk up to the door, There's nought but frowning looks. : Here, " Ball-ey, Ball-ey sound them up I'm as hungry as a glutton, . If the squatters will not give a feed, We will feed upon their mutton. The pitli of this composition is in'the last four lines. They require little comment, but they might possibly account for what often puzsles squatters-Low it is that their "flocks of wethers so often run short in number. The profound contempt which-is so gener ally ielt lor new chums is more forcibly than elegantly expressed in the following;- , NEW ARRIVALS. Tune-The White Cockade. There is a new arrival Looking out for work; By the clothes that hung on him « I thought lie was a turlc. Of flesh or casli lie could not boast; Resembling a ghost. CHORUS So th ere was a specimen cf humanity; He was a Lankey weaver that cro3 sed the sea. He wore a white bell-topper, And an old carpet bag; But lie hadn't got a copper, Nor hadn't got a swag. . He was fearless and bold, \- He onwards made a push, But the sun was so clouded, He got lost in the bush. SChorus as above.] led in Victoria, And Riverina too; At length he had determined What was the best to do. So he returned again To the old starting point; He knelt down said a prayer, Put his neck out of joint. [Chorus as above.] There was a bullock puncher Searching for his horse ; He saw a lot of crows and hawks, Picking at a corpse. And who should it be, Direct beforejliis eyes, But the new chum dangling Between the earth and skies. [Chorus as above.] The bullocks brought the dray, The weaver was cut down, And conveyed all the way To Deniliquin town. An inquest was Iield; The jury said this: If all new chums would do the same, It wouldn't be amiss, [Chorus as above.[ Goon NEWS, FOB THE BACHEEOHS.-We take the following extraordinary paragraph from a late number of a London journal, the Queen :-" As there is still a great demand for mai J servants in-Australia, and as good do-, mestic servants in England can always obtain good situations and husbands without leaving the country, it is proposed that the promoters of female emigration shall turn their attention to the reformed inmates of certain asylums, and thus obtain a certain number of servants and wives far above .the average of no incon siderable number of the precent population of Australia." 