A ^PERNATUKAL CONVERSATION, ASD AH ACCOUNT Ot A GHOST I MET ON WATERLOO BBIDGE. We were sitting round the fire at Squire Jones' one "evening early in January in the year 185—. It was not exactly a family party, for a great many of the people assembled were not related, but we all knew leach other very intimately, and though we were a good round dozen incumber, yet our conversation . had assumed that quiet dreary character which more usually marks a smaller and lens sociable gathering than ours was. We were all staying in the bouse, and, having exhausted the usual evening amusement, we had, with one con sent, as it were, collected round the large old-fatliioned fireplace in the library, There was no light save that from the fire, for the introduction of candles had been 6trongly negatived. ' Oh, no,' cried Kate Crofton, when the squire had suggested it, ' we can talk so much better without them.' ' And why so, my dear ?' said the squire. ' Oh, I don't know,' said Kate, who was a general favourite; ' but it is much more cosy when oue has nothing to do.' And Certainly it is BO. An easy chair, a bright fire, cheerful company, and no prospects of being obliged to get up too early the next morning,—with these attributes how pleasantly may an idle hour be Bpent! I could write pages, expatiating on the peculiar charms of fire-light, but I don't as nobody would read it: more particularly at the commencement of a tale. Our conversotion had, as I have saidj be'- come quiet and dreamy, when suddenly Harry Leslie, a nephew of the squire's eaid:— 'Have you heard that this house is haunted ?' Now if there is one thing'that people have a tendency to talk of in that uncertain light, it is of anything that carties some element of the supernatural about it. • Have you ever heard that this house is haunted ?' said Harry Leslie. ' Oh, no,' said Kate Crofton, all eagerness. ' Do tell us all about it. I am sure 1 should not be able to go to bed to-night unless Julia Yane 'slept in the same room. Julia is so strong-minded, ain't you, Julia?' But Julia was better engaged listening to honied nothings uttered by Arthur Storm, her devoted admirer for the time being. ' Do tell us all about it,' said Kate again. ' "What nonsense, Harry,' the squire interrupted, ' you ought not to put such idoas into people's heads.' '' No, but iudeed, uncle, there is a ghost, That tyrant of the poor slaveys, Mrs. Fussemout, told me the other day.' ' Mrs. Fussemout ought to hold her tongue,' said the squire severely. ' You'll be as bad a tyrant as Mrs. Fussemout, if you don't let me tell them the dreadful tragedy that led to this uneasy spirit roaming up and down the staircase, clad in a tvhite sheet, and having left his head behind himf Now, Kate, if you go And look out of your door about half an hour after the rest of the people in the house are asleep, you are sure to see him. Jlist try, will you ?' 'How can you be so absurd ? as if I would, even supposing he were there at all,' jshe replied. _ 1 ^en^jga-^seaS'tltop to take>8btch_ as that relation of Lord Byron's did of the ghost at Newstead ?' ' But whose ghost is it ?' she asked; '1 cannot enter into all the particulars of the horrible story, as uncle won't let me. But it is eonie old Sir Hubert de Jones, who lived I don't exactly know when, but somewhere about the time of the Crusades. He was an ornament to our family, £ can assure yon. He ground down the poor, he cheated the church, he laughed at the priest; he murdered his wife, he ran away in battle, and at length died from drinking. Now don't you think we Bhotrid want a great many gallons of holy water before we could lay such a ghost as his ? ' Isn't it all nonsense ?' said Mary Seymour, turning to me. ' No, no,' cried Kate, interposing. ' I do like a good ghost tale, particularly if it is true. It frightens one so, you know. But Hariy has mode this so absurd. Now, Dr. Bamsay, you tell us one, do.' . ' I tell you ont:' I said, do you think I inow anything of ghosts ? Besides, if I attempt to frighten yOU, I may succeed too well'. 'Yes,' remarked the squire, 'likethose medical students at Dublin, by that trick they played their comrade.' ' What was that ?' saked Mary Seymour, who was of a more practical turn than Kate, and liked realities. 'They had a fellow-student, who professed that he was never frightened by anything. They challenged "him to go into the dissecting-room after diirk. Ho accepted the challenge, but before3ie went, they had placed a corpse in such a position that it must--fall on the person who opened the door, Unhappily the trick succeeded only too" welJ. attd the terror converted in a moment a promising, bold,; dashing youth iviioan imbecile.' „ ' ! ' Now, uncle, you are mtich worse than I am, for your tale is true, (I have often seen it alluded to), and simply frightful,' said Harry Leslie. 'Do you remember what Homer says ?' I observed, ' many birds fly about under the beams of the sun, but we must not regard all as omnious,' or words to that effect, giving it literally.' ' Never mind Homer, Doctor, else you'll frighten Kate more by that than by the ghosts,' ' Half the ghosts that are said to haunt certain spots in the country,' I said, ' have owed their origin to some peculiarity in the light and 'shade, or in the sound of the wind. Ghosts, you know, Kste, are not always visible.' ' Do you believe in the Cock Lane Ghost,' asked Harry; ' or in the supernatural discovery of the Bed Barn murder, or ill the Flying"Dutchman? But,' he added, getting more serious, ' what aii endless amount of speculation might be made ou/this subject, so I don't ask you, as it isn't fair. Wasn't the Duke of Buckingham warned ? How would you like to hear some one rattling the rings of your curtains some night, Xate?' " There are some curious things that never seem to get explained," said William North, who had hitherto remained silent. " Now I know a place down in the country where the house bells would begin ringing in the middle of the night. I remember that there were all sorts of rumours about at the time, and I believe the family who lived there were a good deal frightened about it. Different tales got about, and people used to whisper how the former owner committed suicide after leading a Very wretched life; and a great many other lively tales. Well, it died out gradually, and now few remember it; But the ringing has never been explained* £tnd I know that it took place as I have described;' ; I have heard of another somewhat similar instance,' said the squire; who, getting interested in the conversation, had ceased to object to it. ' It was in a large old rambling house, and curious noises arc often heard in such buildings, which really proceed from natural causes, but it is sometimes difficult to account for them. In this particular instance, however, what the noise wasl amnotprepared to say,—but atanyrate it caused the master of the house to get up n the middle of the night, and he absolutely carried his wife down-stairs in his arms. He never explained, as far as I am aware, the nature of his alarm; but that there was some reason for it I am certain, as he was not a man easily frightened.' ' Perhaps he thought the house was going to tumble down,' suggested Harry. ' I wish you would be quiet, Harry,' said Kate. ' Citations are strange things, and there are stated to have been many given to men whose names appear in history,' said William North; ' I hatfe seen somewhere that George I. on his way to Osnaburg had a letterplaced in his hands written by his unhappy wife shortly before her death, in which she summoned him to meet her at the judgement bar. The letter, as I say, had been written some time before, but it was by a strange, or designed, coincideTyi^gi^" to him on the very dayJig^s?sS'£ited to meet her; We aJlJpJW'now suddenly he died, and very possibly that gave rise to the assertion. In several of these cases the death may have been caused perhaps by the strong effect such a summons would have on the nerves/ ' Do you remember that Bishop,' said Harry Leslie again, ' who used to sleep in a house quite alone, his attendants leaving him at night. When they came one morning they fotfnd him dead in his bed, and what was more strange, laid out.' ' Harry, we had better not discuss that,' said the squire. There was a short pause, and then somebody said ' I think that ghost stories told simply for the sake of amusement ought always to be made up. They are not likely then to do any harm; others sometimes frighten people too much/ ' But I like a ghost tale to be true,' said Kate. ' Yes,' cried Harry. ' First of all the rattle of a chain, then a groan, after that a suppressed shriek, a hollow whisper ' Oh yes!' cried Kate. ' A pale blue light, a skeleton hand, a damp earthly smell ' Yes, yes!' Kate was getting quite' excited. ' A suffocating sensation of fear, a, cold shudder, an agitated interrogation,a fearful struggle, and then 'Oh! what then?' J 'Then—to awake/ ' You are BO absurd, Harry, I won't tali to you. Now, do, doctor,' she said, turning to me, "' do you tell us something. I am sure you must have plenty at your fingers' ends.' ' I will tell you a Bhort one,' I replied; ' after that the squire and I must go and have our cigar before bed, as it is getting late, and you won't have any beauty sleep. So we must go soon.' ' Oh,"how delightful!' she said." ' What, our going to smoke ?' ' No, the tale, of course. Now please to begin.' ' Well, I will tell yon about a ghost I met on the Waterloo Bridge.' ' Stir up the fire,' whispered she to Harry, ' it is getting so dark.' 'I thought you liked to listen in the dark,' he said. ' Not too dart, you know. And now we are all attention, doctor.' 'When I was commencing my professional life in London, I was"only too glad to meet with patients, and therefore I had no objection to their being at a considerable distance from my residence, or among the lower orders. In fact, at my first start I had very few who were otherwise. I was living then near Russell Square, and I had a patient on my hands, whose wretched abode was situated in one of those dark lanes branching off from the Waterloo Road. To get there I had of course to cross the bridge. Now Waterloo Bridge can hardly be said to be a place where The breezes pause and die, Letting the rose-leaves fall; in the first pltce it is bleak and gusty, and in the second, there are no rose leaves to fall there. But we can with great truth say that At midnight the moon cometh, And lookcth down alone; for after the twelve o'clock train has left, the passengers who cross the bridge are few and far between. To me it appears, even by day, when crowded with vehicles and foot-passengers, to be by no means a lively spot. I don't know whether the approaches produce the feeling, but so it is; and although I consider it a fine work of art, and, as the guide-books say, a fitting monument to the memory of a great man, viz., the builder, if I have to cross it, no master what the hour, I am always glad when it is done. ' The man whom I had gone to see had become my patient in rather a curious way. One day while I was standing at the corner of Wellington Street, debating in my mind whether I should go and see a patient who lived towards thg wert-end, dr walk on the city, where I had some business, a wretched haggard-looking woman with pinched worn features dame up to me, and said; ' You are Dr. Bamsay of Guildford Street, aren't you ?' ' Yes,' I replied, ' I am. Do you want anything from me ?' ' My husband is very ill, and he continually asks me to fetch you.' ' Where do you live ?' I asked. ' In Seacoal Yard "near Waterloo Road,' but I will show you the way, sir, if you will follow me.' ' What is your name ? ' ' My husband's name is Jacob Kerrick. He used to live at Ouselton, and he says he knew you.' ' Where did he live there ? ' 'He was Mr. Pendarvis' groom at the G range.' ' I remember now very well, and I will come with you.' ' The woman did not say any more, but having crossed the Strand^alke^iVfajM^ty in front of me, /Wewent over the bridge, and Usv-nig gone down the road some little way, she turned into a narrow lane, and then up a wretched court, over which was written Seacoal Yard. I had noticed on our way that she was thinly and miserably clad, and I was not therefore surprised to find the room into which she ushered me almost destitute of furniture. It was about half-past five, and the evening was cold and raw, but there was no fire. I will not dwell on the wretchedness of the case more than is necessary. ' I found the man to be one whom I had known some years before. He had been a gentleman's groom, had been convicted of theft, and since that had gone irretrievably to the bad. He was very ill, and extremely excitable. After remaining about an hour, I went out to see some of the officials, for the purpose of getting him relieve or admitted into an hospital. I was delayed, and when I returned to his room, it was nearly eleven o'clock. Finding him delirious, and at times quite violent, I had not the heart to leave his wife alone with him while he was in this state. The little kindness I had shown them, such as getting tbem a fire, &c.;, appeared to have melted her, and instead of the unwomanly person, whose hard harsh tones had grated on my ear at the corner of Wellington-street, she seemed a different being. I heard her now softly ask her husband to be still, and then turning aside", she would try to hide the tears that sympathy,- to which she had so long been a stranger, called forth.- ' About twelve he fell into a heavy sleep, and telling her that in the' morning she would be relieved of the'Solitary watching, and that I would call on the morrow, I left the house. And now I come to the ghost.' 'Oh, yes, now?' said Kate, who was listening with all her might. 'It was a showery night, and rather windy. The moon shone out at intervals, and then was obscured by the heavy masses of cloud which were driven rapidly across the sky,- It was doubtless very unprofes- sional, but as I turned unit of the yard into the narrow lane I felt wfetoy tod dispirited. The wretched condition of the two with whom I had spent the last few hours had affected me greatly. I must excuse myself on the plea'that I was at the time young in the profession, and that I had not acquired the stocial indifference which experience had given, and which enables me to look with calm apathy on any condition however pitiable.' ' Nonsense, doctor,' said the squire, " you know you are as soft-hearted as a child now.' ' I must beg leave to deny the soft impeachment, but he will not discuss that now. As I walked up Waterloo Road, and approached the toll-bar, I suddenly remembered how I had on the previous day received a strange anonymous communication, directing me to meet the writer on the bridge I was about to cross, at a quarter to one, midnight. I knew it was then twenty minutes to one, and it seemed strange to me that I was unintentionally going to keep an appointment to which I had not given a second thought, as I always pitch anonymous communications into the fire. It never struck me that it might be imprudent to cross the bridge, and if the idea of going round ever presented itself, such a proceeding I am certain, from what happened afterwards, would have been quite impossible. Cabs there were none near, so, had I wished it, I could not have ridden home. ' By this time I had reached the bar. I paid the toll, and got fairly on the bridge. The tide was very low, and, excepting where the feeble light from the lamps fell on the water, the river looked like a black and fathomless abyss. ' Before I had advanced a hundred yards from the gate I became conscious that some being, dark, shadowy, mysterious, and indefinable, was walking near me. I felt certain it was, and a creeping sensation of fear came over me. In vain I tried to hasten my steps, it was useless. I did not appear to advance faster, and the figure kept up with me. Instead of following me, as it did at first, it had now reached my right side, and I could perceive that its outline was becoming more and more distinct. I was on the river side, as I had started on the left hand pavement looking towards Lancaster Place. 'When we reached the middle of the bridge a voice commanded me to stop. I Was obliged to obey, as also I did the order to be seated, and I sank accordingly on the stone ledge that runs round each recess. There was iiot sufficient light from the lamps to distinguish much, but the moo'ri, which had passed under a cloud, now shone forth again, and I saw quite plainly the form of the unwelcome stranger who had joined me. The figure was of gigantic height, this being all the more apparent as it was bending over me while I was seated. The grab was that of a woman; arid this tended to increase the effect of the size. The features, although I could trace them on paper, I will not attempt to describe, but their effect on mejtvas to make mo long again toT"^ie"^afkliess, so that I tfright not be able to see them. There would have been something ridiculous in sitting thus on that solitary ledge at such an hour had my position been any other than it was ; but I was speechless with terror, without any power to move or act, excepting just as I was bid. How long this lasted I know not; but on looking up again (compelled to do so by a species of fascination) I saw that this being carried something what I could not define. At length I heard a voice:— " It is your task,' it said, ' to relieve me of this burden. My hand, though powerless to cast it off, is able to compel you to obey me. Take it.' ' I stretched ont my hand, resistance was impossible, and it met something cold and clammy. Despite the shudder that passed over me I grasped it, and what I held was '' Here,' said my companion again, ' take this cord, and drop the burden into the river.' And while saying this, I saw it uncover its neck, and take from it a halter, which appeared to have been tightly bound round it. I did all I was commanded, and, having with trem'blirig" fingertf tied the' cord, I lowered the burden over the bridge down towards the water. It stopped in its descent suddenly, and I felt the rope become loose. '' Stay,' cried my companion, ' it has alighted on the parapet; it cannot remain there.' At the same instant I felt the grasp of this being at my throat. " Oh! release mo,' I groaned, but it was useless to entreat or struggle. The rope was at my neck, a more than gigantic power raised me in the air, and the next moment I was hanging over the dark stream'. I became unconscious, and I remember no more.' I paused and waited. There was a momentary silence, and then Kate said ' But there is more, doctor ? do tell Us what followed.' ' I cannot. I do r.r* inTwlf* ' Oh! But how did you get home ? There must be more, ^ou know; bnly you don't like to tell us,' she rejoined; 'All I know is tliatj wheii I recovered consciousness, I found myself in bed on a fine frosty momiiig; and; as it happened, rather late. I had been at aii oyster-slipper the night before, and pethapi that will elucidate the mystery.' ' Doctor, I declare you are wdrse than Harry! frightening us all, and then only to make fun of us afterwards. It has spoiled it all.' ' And now,' said the squire,' we will liavO our cigars.'— Once-a-Weeh. 