TELEGKRAPIIIC. (more one TEMGBAraiio coniiEsroxiMSNis.) WARWICK. . December 20. IT is reported that a requisition is in course of signature to the Hon. J. Douglas in favor of his candidature for the Eastern Downs. His name is favorably received, and it is said that he is certain to be returned. Heavy showers of rain have fallen to-day. There is a Blight iniprov'eiá.ent in business. SYDNEY. of December 20. The ship John Duthie' arrived yesterday, took fire, and was burned during the night. She was scuttled in Mossman's Bay. The weekly wool sales have been very dull. Nineteen hundred bales were offered, and one thousand remained unsold. Prices were a farthing lower. Sheepskins are unaltered in price. Arrived The Queensland, from Brisbane. MELBOURNE. December 20. Only the following horses will start in the champion race Barb, Volunteer, Fishhook, Seagull, and Cowra. , , ADELAIDE. December 20. Markets dull. Wheat, 4s. 4d. per bushel. Flour, £12 10s. per ton. THE mails per Hero will close to-morrow (Saturday) morning, at 9 o'clock. BY the steamer Clarence, which arrived from the North last night, we have received late Rockhampton and Maryborough papers; the news from which will be found in another column. A MEETING of the council of the Acclimatisation Society -will be held to-day, at noon. SERMONS will be preached in the "Wharf street Baptist Church on Sunday next, in which the claims of the Brisbane Hospital will be advocated, and the annual collection on behalf of it will be made morning and evening. The sermon in the morning will be preached by the Rev. W. J. B. Piddington, and that in the Burning by the Rev. B. G. Wilson. A MEEETING of the cricketing members of the C.V.F. Brigade was held last evening at the Café de Paris, to make arrangements for playing the match with the Bulimba Cricket Club, on Boxing Day. It was decided to hold a practice on the ground, at the Green Hills, on Saturday afternoon, at 8 o'clock ; after which the clover will be selected from the following members assesses. Cox, Martin, Harley, Oldham, Murnane, Hoard, Hutchinson, Robertson, Bruce, Lacey, Campbell, M'Grath, Fowles, Pike, K. M'Clonnan, B,. M'Olcnnnn, Barrow- man, and Prentice, junr. ON account of the wet weather last evening Professor Kohler's entertainment was postponed until to-morrow evening, when he will give a performance at the Victoria Theatre. PwEPOM of the state of the Lunatic Asylum for the week ending December 15, 1865. -In the house at last return, 100 males, 38 females ; since admitted, 1 male, 1 female ; discharged, 3 males, 1 female j remaining, 98 males, 38 females. Total, 131. K. CANNAN, Surgeon Superin- tendent. THE Commissioner for Railways is really becoming quite undignified. He is consulting the convenience of the public in a manner previously unheard of in a Government department. By reference to an advertisement it will be seen that efficient arrangements have been made to enable people to avail themselves cheaply and conveniently of the railway line during the first four days of Christmas week, and that even the races are not forgotton. Queensland Times. THE Queensland Times is' informed by Messrs. Cribb and Foote that they hold liens on growing cotton crops to the extent of 600 bales, which last year was the total yield of the whole colony. Messrs. Cribb and Foote estimate the total yield this year at three thousand bales ! In four or five weeks picking will have come menced." THE Queensland Times of yesterday says, in reference to the recent hail-storm :-" A gentleman who came from Brisbane yesterday informs us that great damage has been done to the crops between Oxley Creek and Brisbane by the late hailstorm. Some fine fields of maize and other produce have been completely cut down and destroyed. The road was strewn with small branches and twigs of trees which had been knocked off. The driver of the down coach to Brisbane, when at the Junction Inn, was compelled to unharness the horses for fear of an accident. The storm does not appear to have extended beyond Oxley Creek on this side." THE Queensland Times of yesterday, makes the following comment upon the appointment of the now Treasurer : " By the accession of Mr-. Douglas to its ranks, the Government will lose nothing in respectability, but we question very much whether that gentleman possesses many of the qualities required for a Finance Minister. Our own impression is that, having regard to special fitness for discharging the duties of the office, worse than could not well have been selected. As a Minister for Education, for instance, if we had such an office, Mr. Douglas might be to some extent in his place, but he altogether lacks the practical ability, technical knowledge, and hard-earned - experience necessary to constitute a good Treasurer, and we fear his appointment will have an injurious, influence at this time on our colonial credit. It is even questionable whether Mr. Douglas, in his individual capacity, is sufficiently independent of the great monetary corporations of the colony to be inducted with propriety into such an office." THE D. D. Gazette says There is reason to believe that Mr. E. W. Robinson, the Mayor of Toowoomba, will be appointed Returning I Officer for the Electoral District of Drayton and Toowoomba, rendered vacant by the resignation I of Dr. Stacy. Tun Toowoomba Chronicle, of Wednesday, records the following accidents On Sunday last a woman, while riding on a dray on the railway line, about a mile from Holmes' Camp, in the direction of Toowoomba, was unfortunately caught by the foot in the spokes of the wheat] and her leg was very badly broken. News of the occurrence was taken to Holmes' Camp, when Mr. George Matthews, the Toowoomba postmaster, and a Mr. Thompson, who happened to be there, volunteered to go into Toowoomba for the purpose of getting a doctor to attend on the unfortunate woman as speedily as possible Mr. Thompson stopped on the road, and Mr. Matthews proceeded. Mr. Matthews was afterwards discovered lying on the roadside insensible, at a spot near Klein's bridge, and was taken to his residence at the post-office. He remained totally insensible from the time of the accident until Dr. Sachse was attending him at his own house. The only thing Mr. Matthews recollects in immediate connection with the accident is the fact that the horse shied, and that one of his foot came out of the stirrup- from that period until after he was taken home being a complete blank. his case was dangerous, but he is now in a fair way towards recovery. Dr. Callan, we understand, went to Holmes' Camp and set the fractured limb of the woman. THERE was a change of performance in the first port at the Royal Alexandra Theatre last evening, but owing to the wet weather there was not a very good house. The first piece was a sensational melodrama called the " Idiot Wit- ness's Tale of Blood." It was followed by Mr. Ramsay's excellent dancing, and the farce of the " Fast Train." THE weather, after our heavy and continued rains, has at last taken up. Although we fear some of the wheat has been partially damaged, yet the general abundant crops will be stored in good condition. Toowoomba Chronicle of Wednesday. THE Toowoomba Chronicle, of Wednesday last, has the following in reference to the High- fields Steam Saw Mills Company : " We believe in expressing our own sympathy we also express that of the general public at the temporary stoppage and assignment of the above company with itslcadingmember and manager, Mr. Jones, who, but a few months since, unfortunately invested in it a large amount of hard-earned cash, and on whom lately has been thrown the chief responsibility of its working. On Monday last another meeting of its employes took place at the chief office of the company in Ruthven-street.' Strange to Bay, that although they were offered payment in full up to the day they last worked, extending over a period of six to nine months, some of them, principally Germans, refused the several sums due to them, and now insist on payment in full up to the period of their several engagements -twelve months. We think such unreasonable demands will command anything but sympathy from the general public." IN respect to the approaching election for Drayton and Toowoomba, the Toowoomba Chronicle says : " We have to observe that every attempt to get up an opposition to our late member, W. H. Groom, Esq., has signally failed, and as he has solicited his re-election, there is every probability he will be returned without opposition," THE TPartoich Argus of Wednesday says : "The weather has been very fine since our last, and although a storm threatened yesterday evening, it passed over with a few gusts of wind." THE Warwick Argus of Wednesday last has the following, under the heading of " Gold on Rosenthal Creek :"-" We have received a small sample of gold from a gentleman who lately washed a few dishes of surface stuff with the view of trying whether there was any gold in it or not. He washed three dishes of earth, and found a small quantity of coarse gold, but we are not prepared to say it is payable. The spot is distant about ten miles from Warwick, and we understand the ground will be more thoroughly tested in a week or two, when we hope to hear good accounts of it." By the steamer Clarence, which arrived last night from the north, we have a copy of the Maryborough Chronicle of December 19. That journal says 'We have re-published below a letter from the Courier on Tim Shea's cases purporting to come from His Ghost," charging us with holding back part of the evidence taken at the enquiry held by the Police Magistrate of Maryborough in this case. To which we reply that the report we published of that enquiry was taken by a shorthand reporter, and is a verbatim report of what took place. If there be any difference between it and the depositions furnished by the Police Magistrate, the probability is ours would be the father of the two-a newspaper admitting into its reports all that is tendered-amagistrato rejecting what is not strictly evidence. We have shown no desire to screen the persons (who ever they may be) responsible for the unnecessary suffering which embittered the last days of this manner, on the other hand, have we sought to make the case appear worse than it has been represented to us added any dark colors of our own to that description. We have contented ourselves with publishing the evidence in extenso, taken on oath j and if that does not unfold a tale horrible enough to cause the Government and the persons implicated to take action to rid themselves of the disgrace by proving that evidence is false, it will be to their everlasting confusion. With reference to putting the poor follow in a three-bushel bag, with holes out for his head and arms to protrude through, this was done by constable Bennet as an act of humanity ; his (Shoa's) own clothing getting so filthy, by reason of the disease upon him, that the constable had to throw them away." We may state, in justice to the Chronicle, that since the letter above referred to appeared, we have had the opportunity of comparing the report in that journal with the depositions taken at the inquiry, and found that they were in every respect accurate and that nothing material to the case was-omitted. AN establishment for manufacturing an extract of meat has been set up at Wide Bay by Mr. Robert Tooth. The product is not at present intended for consumption in the colony, being all engaged for export to England. The operations are undertaken in connection with, an English company, who have also an establishment in South America. The process is identical with, or similar to one discovered and patented by Dr. Liebig, the celebrated analytical chemist. By it all the essential principles of the meat is preserved and concentrated in a small compass. It will keep for any length of time and in any climate. A somewhat similar manufacture, though of a less concentrated article, has also been for some time carried on by Mr. Whitehead.-Sydney Mail, December 15. WITH respect to the Melbourne champion race to be run on New Year's Day, Bell's Life in Sydney of Saturday last says-The Barb is the first favorite for the great event, and 3 to 1 is taken in small amounts wherever offered . but the bookmakers are not inclined to lay more than 2 to 1 or 6 to 2 against either Volunteer or the Barb, consequently there is scarcely any betting. The following are the latest betting quotations 7-2 to 1 against Volunteer, 2 to 1 against Barb, 3 to 1 against Seagull." It will be seen by the telegram in to- day's issue, that Fishhook and Cowra will also start in this mee. THE following is from the Sydney Mail of Saturday last :-" The news from the Weddin is improving. A second golden gully and a second reef have been discovered, sufficient, it is thought, to give employment to five hundred men. But at the same time men are flocking to the place faster than new ground is being discovered. And of those who are flocking there many do not seem to be very well fitted for the work. It is a poor man's diggings, but "it is not a lazy man's diggings. Those unused to the kind of work will not do much good at it. The great want of the place is water, which has to be drawn from a distance of four miles, and is sold on the ground at four shillings a cask. If the field is likely to be permanent it will pay well to cut a race and bring water. The reefs, so far as can be tested, look well, and water will be wanted to work them, even after all the alluvial has been washed out. According to appearance, the alluvial is simply the debris of the reefs which in the course of years has been spread over the adjacent land, for the gold gets thiunor as it gets more remote from the reef. The washdirt is said at present to be about two feet and three quarters thick, and to average a pennyweight and a half to the tin dish. It is reasonable, therefore, to infer that the reef from which it has come is rich enough to pay for the working." 4 ,.lr 