ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Give me leave To speak my mind."-Shakspeabe. I am thankful to say that the Mazeppa exhibition came to an end last Saturday night, but I regret to 6ay that an exhibition still more offensive is announced to take place at the Princess's this evening. In the interval, however, the performances have been approxi mately of the legitimate order- that is to eay, legitimate in that they may be classed in the regular drama, if you give the regular drama a somewhat extensive range. But if by the regular drama you signify playB in which are to be found poetry, and philosophy, and high moral purposes, then have we had no legitimate performances at the Princess's. For the sensational drama is not poetical in the proper sense of the word, neither is it philosophical, and its purposes are not of a high moral chazaoter. This is true of it generally, and it ie equally true of the example oonyjriBed in "Adnenne, or the Secret of a Life," the latest novelty at . this house. The bills call it " The new sensa tion drama," and the correctness of this title depends entirely upon how long the manage ment considers the quality i>f newness may be sustained. Doubtless the word *' new has very much of a relative signification. Technically, perhaps, the phrase " old play " , signifies a play two or three hundred years oldt and on this principle " Adrienne, or the Secret of a Life," is extremely-new, inasmuch is it is only six yean of age. But, on the other han^as this u such a fiMt -era that many literary productions become obsolete in ^ twelvemonth, "this " new sensation i driuna'" may haply be regarded by some per^B M W^gionj; ago ,loat the gloss of nqr^lty. It certainly belongs to a period very much ant©rlor^fe) ithe " OoU|»e^ Ba.wn," " Our Amerioan Oousio," "The Ootproon," and other, italltestabliihed productions, which no manbgerih' Viotoria would venture to an* nbtthbtf <Lhnovfeltfes. Altogether, "the new; drMria* hasa little' puzeled Weas io &fttil6s; by ^hlcfi'tfie quality of dramatio . estimated.' ''An. opinion j^asgwer^ pijevidled iiitherto, tWinVic .torif riHir ps^k>di) pf .decadgpoe are a little hurriedjiwd ^ecipitated that, in fact^things fcecouie old too soon ; but in this case. , the oontnuy would- Memto be.irue, Mot if you -weW'^d^ aik a Londdn manager -what he of ar«»ife;" he'1 w$ild! j>«Uc JrM' ljyfr been . aileeip ^iiklif'-tforin this drama was first produced at the Lyoeum, London, on the 12th of November, 1860, it appeared to like it, and Borne of the critics spoke well of it; eo that, upon the whole, the author - Mr. Leslie - regarded himself as pretty well satisfied. But there was a certain section of playgoers who did not perceive in it any very remarkable merit, and such BUCCCBS as it obtained was Bet down rather to the credit of M&aame; Celeste, Mr. Vining, and the scene-punter, than to that of the author. For, to speak truly, it consists of very old materials, not very ingeniously strung to gether, and the dialogue is vapid. If carefully analysed, it would probably be found to con sist of a mixture of materials picked up here and there from a miscellaneous assortment of French melodramas. Given a list of the characters, and a description of their attributes, anyone even moderately experienced in the play-Wright business could readily enough sketch out the story. As thus: A lady, young, charming, rich, and benevolent; an artist, young, good-looking, and susceptible; a pale man with very black hair very closely cropped; a dark-complexioned man whose hair obviously never had been cropped-these are the essential materials. * Add to them the non-essentials, namely-a comic art-student, a brigand, the brigand's daughter, and a group of accessories; let the scene be first Rome, then Paris, then the neighbourhood of Mon tauban, and he must have but a limited store of imaginative powers who could not make up a story out of them. And the story that Mr. Leslie has made up is something aB follows : -The BUBceptible artist loves the lady, beautiful, rich, and benevolent, and the lady returns the artist's'passion ; but in confessing her love for him, informs him there is an in superable obstacle to their union, and for a long time you are ktept in the dark as to what the obstacle is. You are left to conjecture all sortB of horrible things; perhaps you fancy the young lady has committed murder, or bigamy, or infanticide. But she has done none of these; she is simply unfortunate in being the illegitimate offspring of her respected parents. That is to say, she is so regarded by herself and one other individual, this indivi dual being the closely-cropped man, and the villain of the piece. As may be supposed, he makes use of his knowledge to extort a pro mise of the lady's band. One doeB not clearly see why there , should be so much mystery and secrecy about a matter of which there are so many examples in the world. This, however, is the secret of the life, and the action of the drama arises out of it. The susceptible artist and the closely-cropped man quarrel about the lady, and subsequently fight about her in the Pontine Marshes. And here I may remark, parenthetically, on the great value of theatrical performances as means of instruction and as correctives of popular errors. For whereas the general impression of the Pontine Marshes is that they represent a locality the reverse of cheerful, the artist of the Princess's depicts them as exceedingly picturesque-having romantic ravineB, through which flow clear streams into willow-fringed pools, on the margin of which large stone crosses indicate the places of sepulture of the inhabitants of the locality. So that it would sedtn the accounts we have hitherto received of the insalubrity of these marshes is iscorrecfc. The fightuig does not occupy long; the closely cropped man is wounded inthearm, and, the pain bung severe and his temper not amiable, he is about to reveal the " secret of the life" by way of revenge, when the lady opportunely arrives on the scene, and stops the narration by offering him her hand, to the exclusion of the really favoured lover, who instantaneously joins the army. But the wound does not heal, and pending this reparative process, the marriage does not take place; The lady, however, be comes the nune of her husband- elect, but he does not improve under the treatment adopted, and he therefore privately communicates with on illustrious medical man, and receives from him a reply to the effect that all his symptoms are the result of poison. As a point of medical etiquette, I think any illustrious medioal man would be very muoh to blame in giving so strong an opinion without seeing the patient and knowing more of the circumstances; but without disowning this matter too closely, I must say that the law of that oountty must be Very loose whose machinery can be put in aotibtt on such very slender evidence, as the desultoryopinion of a medioal man who Has no better grounds for Jus diag nosis than the uncertain representatipna of an irritable patient. However, the gentleman with the olpse'crop believes the -opinion im plicitly,, and gives up the ghost, entreating that the young lady be taken into oustody. And then thb curtainfalls $ and the next soene is among the mountains, with a good deal of snow about. Sere we find the susceptible artist-soldier in command of an army of seven. Here also are ihe civil authorities in search pftie^jFugUive^ lady;, and here also' are bo veralsubowiinate persons of the, drama, not .get p^ouli^y j^u4e,d be.brie£ the ^vilM^oriUes^i^retbe person joung ladyraadthenerts^eiaacourtofjuitiiw, where sheik tried in<what appearslobeambst irrego lar manner, eveh< kllowing for the^eouH the SVenoh syt&ik; Bu^^as youimyl the- lady is triumphant. The dsrlw declares himself ip be the poisoner, and to demonstrate the efficacy of the poison he used he takes Bome of it himself, and BO anti cipates the guillotine. Coincidental!/ with, this eclairciisement, another of the subordinate characters-to wit, the brigand-starts up, and frees the lady from the imputation of ille gitimacy ; and thus, as you may conclude, the final result is quite satisfactory. As originally performed in London, there was no court of justice scene, and the dark-complexioned gen tleman sprang over a precipice as soon as he had made a clean breast of it. I do not know at what period the trial scene was introduced, but perhaps its interpolation is resorted to. when the management-happen to hard scenic accessories suitable for forensic effect; otherwise the precipice-business is substi tuted. 1 hare already obscurely alluded to the comio element in this piece. The comio element consists of the brigand, the other artist, and the other artist's wife. Tha humour of the brigand is to be found in the fact of his being a hot- tempered man and fancying himself not hot-tempered; the othee artist is funny on account of being hen-pecked; and, as will be supposed, the other artist's wife is funny because she is the hen who pecks. Thus, then, you hare all the material* of " Adrienne, or the Secret of a Lifeand I could hare wished Mrs. Vincent had had a part more worthy of her excellent powers than the herpine of this piece. That she made the most of it is a matter of course, and in one or two of the situations she showed how powerfully impressive a comparatively common place part may be rendered by the force of good acting. In the second act, where Da Grassac, otherwise the close-cropped man, reads the letter informing him he has been poisoned, and denounces her as his murderess, the genuine tragic power she possesses was made veiy manifest. And even in the third act, in which the situations are throughout weak and ineffective, she rose far bejond ineffectiveness. Some of the other parts were not quite judiciously allotted. Mr. Musgrave, for example, struggled hard with a character of which he had no doubt excellent conception, but which he did not, Bimply because he could not, look. I could have fancied the parts had been shaken up in a hat, and that he had got Mr. Vincent's and Mr. Vincent his. Mr. J. L. Hall and Miss Earle, as the hen-pecked and pecking respectively, were well suited; and Mr. C. Hall made a very presentable lover. In the course of the performance I under | went what may be described as a succession of wonderings. Imprimis, I wondered why two ! persons on the stage must, when they are conversing, stand exactly in the middle of the ecene; and when they sit down, why the chairs must also be placed exactly in the middle, about two yards from the footlights. Then I wondered why the word "clerk" should be erroneously pronounced " clurk," instead of " dark" as it ought to be'; why somebody does not inform actors, in * general way, that Mademoiselle is never pronounced "MamBelle," Bare by uneducated persons; that Adrienne is .pot pronounced " Adriong j" that the word scudi is not pronounoed " Skewdy," not.Monsieur " Moahew." Then I wondered if there is really a forest of fin in the environs of Rome; if a Martinique mulatto would be likely to have discovered a very subtle transparent poison in the early part of the present century; if it would not be better to have a livery on purpose for those unhappy persons who come in front of the curtain to spread the carpet, seeing that it Is a little confusing to behold them one minute in the Bervice of the manager and the other in that of a French lady in the early part of the E resent century. So also I wondered, never aving seen the French army, if in the French army there is a diversity of uniform in the same company. Of the. opera at the Royal, there has been nothing done which has not been done at this house before, and in some respects done better. On Saturday we had " Maritana," and . the ^audience were informed that Mr. De Jfosa was ill, and could not play Don Jose; and divets of the audience who had ears to hear wished fervently, though perhaps inhumanly, that Mr. De Haga's sub stitute had been ill also. On Monday weliad " Oberon," with certain changes for the worto than formerly in the oast; the Puck, however, being still as little like an ideal Buckasitin possible to be. Tuesday brought the nots," with Madame Esoptt as && <ggg>-re deeming point in its representetiop. Wednesday, there was p varied * * of the first act of" LaTraviafav* an d'Amore," in the latter of inont's Nemorino was the best 13: evening. On Thursday okme ''Setnirtoidd}" of which so ? much had been flsaid in nation as to the witodwcfulrthiiigs', done in the way of .--"*? * having been got,up.i tion to eoe^ -otim not seem grestweW , tiohtSeingmade.' were in eixbr.'Ihe* was ilmtjst - and* in p6uft*fcf appropriateafess beyond that vrhichwaa-flpi ployea h^t reason. iBif that Mr. Henning 