LAYTNU CHE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. AUGUsm'E'ri CHURCH AT LONGFORD. The ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of (St. Augustine's church, at Long ford, was performed on Wednesday ha', by the Hight Reverend Dr. Murphy, liisliop of Hcbart Town, assisted by the Very Rev. tho Vicar General, Hev. Dr. Butler, and the lievds. James Hogan of IVestlmry, M. Kcoliau of Oatlands, M. irCiillagliau ol Campbell Town, J Hutler of Longford. J. Mooro of Torquay, E. Walsh of Launceston, and M. Ucechinot of Hobart Town. The rev. gentlemen assembled at tho residence of ihc Rev J, Hutler, where they put on their vestments and went in procession to the site of the new Church, distant a taw hundred yards from tho residence of ]-Y her Butler. There was a Jnrge concourse of persons — nearly five hundred— present ; many oft them visitors from Launccston and the suv lounding townships. The ceremony opened by the bless-ing of water, followed by the chanting of Psalm 83—' How lovely are thy talier nacles, O Lord of Hosts'!' Then a prayer 111 winch was introduced the name of the jjiiiullo whom the cliuivh is dedicated. Ihe entire ceremony consisted of alternate psalm and prayer. The stoi.e was lowered! into its place and was declared duly luid according t«. the language uf the ltouiMt liitual. His Lordship, prccueded by the Clerpy, then went in procession around the 1 ? iiliiliu.ijj .?t'i-itiii£tlif|'g»lin--'TJje foiiiidaiiniis i.'ierci'l tiiv in thy Holy moun tains' Other prajeis ami ps.dnis beinjr recited lliu ceremony closed with the intonation of the Lyuin of the Holy Ghost, After a brief silence his Lordship said that it was uaunl, on such an Delusion, tj iidilress to them ft few words, and lie would Uefjin in the words of the Psalmist lliitli- Praise tlie Lord all ye nations, praise him iill ye people, for liis mercy is i'iiiiUiiiiL-d upun us.' After alluding to the I'oiuiexiun between the words uf his text and tlio present occasion — llmi the cuiifiniiilion uf t lie mercy of the Lord upnii ii», was verified in liiyinjf tliu fuuud atimi of a temple sacred tu His honor mid wnrnhip. His Lordship entered iipnu his discourse. Wo would have gladly published in full tlie able discourse of his Lordship, but have been unable to gather its various details. An analysis would bo a meagre substitute, suffice it to say, that it was listened to with the deepest attention ; while for ourselves, we may say, that we would gladly be present at its repetition. After the delivery oi ms cuscourse uis Lordship said that he hod great pleasure in offering Ms contribution, and then pie sented his cheque to the Ktv Mr Jiiuler The generous sum collected on the occa sion upeuks significantly for the kindly feeling entertained by the people of Longford towards the flev Mr Butler It amounted to £1-10. The Bishop and clergymen, together with Messrs Dodcry, G.Gibson and Keime were hospitably entertained at luncheon by the Rev Pastor. The tonsts usual to such occasions were drank with right good will. The day was agreeable to all ; particularly satisfactory to the Ca tholics of the District mid the occasion of profound gratification to their zealous clergyman 