CHRISTMAS TALES. THE OVERLANDERS. WHERE THEY CAMPED ON CHRISTMAS EVE, AND THE YARNS THEY SPUN. It was a beautiful spot for a camp. Nothing but plains—plains—plains—as far as the eye could reach, and covered too with the finest feed that the greatest stickler for bovine obesity could desire. The tall seed stems of the grass, blanched by the burning rays of the mid-summer sun, bent and waved and rippled before every passing breeze, giving the level surface before us the appearance of a sea of silver. Below these, however, forced up by some recent thunder showers, there was a growth of young succulent grass that our fat and dainty feeding beasts cropped and cropped, with their heads hidden in the tall stems, without moving fifty yards in an hour. There were dumps of bush dotted here and there over the plains, looking like green islands in this vast sea of white. We were travelling with fat stock for the Melbourne market, and a precious wearying job it is, when the beasts are really fat and heavy, for their own weight soon tires them. But you may depend upon it we didn't push them, but gave them their own time; and when we came upon a good piece of country we didn't pay much attention to the regulated distances prescribed by the Impounding Act. I had not long recovered from a very severe illness, and my medical adviser having recommended a few months' spell in the bush, away from all business, work, and thought, I packed up a few traps and took a run up to the station of an old friend Tom Atkins, on the Barwon. I found him in the midst of all the hurry and bustle of mustering, preparatory to taking a draft of fat cattle over to Victoria. This was just the very thing I wanted, and honest old Tom fairly clapped his hands with delight when I told him I would accompany him. We got together rather more than three hundred, head of really first-class beasts, from which Tom, in his usual sanguine style, expected to make a little fortune. These, for the convenience of feeding when travelling, were divided into four mobs. Our party consisted first, of Tom Atkins, our chief and leader, who had gone in for this speculation in his usual adventurous spirit, although no longer a young man. But though not young he was as tough as ash, and as hard as ironbark, and would have seen out many of us youngsters when it came to the real pinch, whether of severe bodily toil, or of what is still harder to bear, hunger, or that dread of bushmen, thirst. Next to him was young Fred Merton, to whom the charge of the expedition was given, when ever it was necessary for the owner of the cattle to be absent, which was occasionally the case, when arrangements of any kind had to be made. The third in point of position and authority was Mr. John Brown, the "Doctor," as he was invariably called; and he was in fact a medical man, an M.R.C.S., who had not been able to attain to such a practice in Sydney as would give him a fair living, and had joined the expedition for the purpose of making a tour through the bush in as inexpensive a way as he could, to discover some promising opening for the administration of pills and mixtures. From remarks he made, I believe his eye was chiefly fixed upon Deniliquin or some of the other vaunted towns of Riverina concerning which glowing accounts had reached him. Then came Harry Thompson and myself. I have already said that I travelled for change only, and as to Thompson, he was what might be called a new chum, for he had only been two or three years in the colony and was travelling to acquire experience. Then there were four stockmen, the presiding genii of the four mobs of cattle, with whom one or the other of us were consorted by day to drive, and by night to watch the cattle. There was a camp- keeper, Phil White, who did the cooking, and the loading and unloading of the provender, tents, beds, blankets, &c.;, and a teamster, Jabez Hill. In all we mustered ten individuals. It was on the day preceding Christmas day that we got into the midst of these fine plains, and as the cattle seemed to be feeding so contentedly, and to relish the rich grass that grew in such profusion, Tom made up his mind to camp early, and to spell on the following day. Of course every body expected there would he some kind of a "spell oh!" on Christmas- day; but then if we had not happened to drop upon a piece of good grass to pull up upon, the halt would have been no chop, for the cattle would have been sure to have been uneasy, and some of us have been compelled to have been continually in the saddle to keep them back. We camped early then, in the middle of one of those dusters of trees that I have called islands, in the Sea of Grass. After we had had our pots of tea and our feed, old Tom went to the dray and got foraging about wider the tarpaulin, among the bags of sugar, salt, flour, &c.;, and at last came up with a red face and a small keg under his arm. We had all been watching him most anxiously, and as soon as we caught sight of the keg we greeted it with three cheers. The cattle had fed up to sundown, and then had camped down as quiet as could be, not three hundred yards from where we had halted them. So that they were all right. They were as full as ticks, and lay lazily chewing the cud, and showing that they didn't mean to move for some hours to come. Of course, we had fire. No one ever dreams of camping in the bush, be the night ever so hot, without making a fire. And very soon all hands were gathered round it, for the cattle being steadily camped, Tom resolved to treat the men as well as the masters. When all were seated round, Tom poured a portion of the contents of the keg into a bucket, mixed a fair share of water with it, and then, giving every man a draught in his pannikin, sailed upon them to drink a toast, "Our friends and relatives, wherever they may be on this blessed anniversary!" "It's astonishing" said Tom, when this ceremony had been duly gone through, "how some families do scatter. There were fourteen of us, boys and girls, and I don't think there's any two of us to be found in one country. Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia— we are shared among them." "Yes," I replied, "and that is why I like these social meetings upon fixed holidays. We meet our friends here; and we know that at our antipodes our relatives are meeting with their friends there. Whilst our thoughts revert to pleasant days spent with them, they think of us and of happy hours which we have. "Quite right," affirmed Harry Thompson, "I recollect the last Christmas eve I spent in England was with a family who had a son in New South Wales, and they talked about him more than about anything else. Most of the tales told during the evening had his name mixed up in them." "That's a good old custom, telling tales on Christmas eve. What do you say boys to a yarn or two to pass away the evening," suggested Tom, "Very good!" "I'm agreeable" "Fire away!" were replied from various quarters, one lively voice calling out "order for Mr. Atkins." Tom looked rather glum, "I ain't one of the story- telling kind. There's you youngsters—" "Why we haven't seen half as much as you," said the Doctor, "besides you started the idea, and ought to start the yarns." "Tell us something that has happened to yourself, Tom," I suggested. "Yes," put in Fred Merton, "we must have nothing but what has come under the man's own knowledge. No yarns out of books mind!" "Well," at last Tom said, "I'll tell you my first venture in the squatting line, and how I fared with it." He leant forward to the fire, took a piece of coal out of it, established a good light to his pipe and then commenced. THE OLD SQUATTER'S STORY. It's—let me see — yes, it's two- and-twenty year ago—bless me, how the time does go over, surely! Yes, it's two-and-twenty year ago since I took up a piece of country on the Darling Downs. It was about as far as they'd gone then, and I was about the farthest out. I had just got a good start, and had three thousand sheep all paid for clear, and money enough to set me going, with teams, rations, and everything else I wanted, without getting a penny into debt. Well, thinks I, now Tom, here's a good chance for you. If you've any luck, you'll have six thousand sheep in three years time and you'll be snug enough. And, Tom, old fellow, and I laughed to myself at the conceit, you'll be going down to Sydney and picking up some nice little girl with a bit of tin to help you to hit out. My word, you may fancy I'd laid it out all right when it come to that. I'd half a dozen assigned men that I took out with me, as well as a bullock driver, and a chap as I called an overseer, but he was only a rough carpenter; but, you see when you had Government men you were obliged to have an overseer a free man. And that's how it was I christened him the overseer, though all he had to do was to put up the huts, make the hurdles, and do suchlike jobs —all the overseering was to be done by me and nobody else. I always took care never to let anybody look after anything for me I could see to myself. We got up all right to the piece of country I'd taken up. The blacks were very wicked and trouble- some, and we had to send out two men with each flock. Both of 'em had carbines and ammunition, but one of 'em was supposed to have his eye on the sheep, whilst the other kept a look-out for the blacks. As I had to send out two with each flock, I divided my three thousand sheep into two flocks, but it didn't matter running them in such large numbers, for the country was well grassed and open, fine rolling prairie as the Americans would call it —a gentle swelling undulating country, with clusters of small stunted trees every here and there. As to feed, my word, there was feed there and no mistake, —so much of it that you couldn't see a flock of fifteen hundred sheep at half a mile distance, only for the waving of the grass as they passed through it. We had been about a fortnight on the ground, and hadn't got our huts up, for we had a long way to go for timber to build with. With the tarpaulin of the dray we had rigged up a bit of a tent to sleep under, and the Government men, who weren't particular, slept anyhow. Timber was very scarce, so scarce that we couldn't muster enough of it to make yards for the sheep, though that didn't matter much, because they filled themselves so full during the day that when they were rounded up in the evening close to our camping ground they never asked to move till morning. Well, one evening, after we'd been as I said about a fortnight on the ground, one of the flocks of sheep didn't come home. I looked out and I waited until it was dark night, and as there was no sign or sound of 'em, I jumped on my horse and rode out towards where I thought they ought to be. I rode out and round and about for three hours, but not a sign of 'em could I see; so back I came to the camp. We had seen no blacks about, nor had we met with so much as one of their tracks; but then that was nothing, for I knew the devils of old, and knew that they might be close by and we not a bit the wiser. I was most 'nation vexed, you may depend, for I didn't at all fancy losing the half of my sheep venture at one slap like that. I didn't know what to do. It might be blacks, and if so I hadn't any one I could trust to take with me after them. Lor', didn't I wish I had some of my old mates with me! Some of the boys that taught the black thieves a lesson out on the Lachlan. Then, again, you see it mightn't be blacks, and the shepherds who were new chums in the country might have missed the road home. How- ever, there was nothing for it but to wait till morning; so I got under the tarpaulin, and lay down to sleep, intending to get up with the first streak of day, and hunt up the trail of the sheep. After all, when I came to think of it, the two men were well armed, and ought to be able to take care of themselves, so that there was a chance for me yet. Now, you see, I lay down to sleep rather hopeful than anything else, and I was soon off fast as a church. I must have been asleep some time, when I dreamed— and it was just as natural as if it was real —that I woke up of a sudden, and saw the end of the tarpaulin lifted up, and half-a-dozen blacks come in and look round. They didn't say anything, but one of 'em pointed at me. I tried to call out, to give my men a chance, even if I had none myself; but you know, when you dream them kind of things, you can never call out, however much you'd like to; and so I couldn't call cut, and, what was more, I couldn't move. When the black chap pointed at me, another of the dark imps came up to me grinning, and, shortening his spear, he drove it, as I dreamt, right through me. My word! I never felt anything like it in my life. I fancied I could feel the cold iron back of the spear-head going right through the middle of my chest, just where the rib bones join. It was for all the world as if I'd been stabbed with an icicle, and it seemed as if it drove all the breath out of my body, and turned my blood into snow-water. The pain woke me, and with a start I sat up in my bed, and rubbed my eyes and looked round. If you believe me, even when I was awake, I could feel the pain, just as if the wound had been real, and I felt my chest, to make sure that I hadn't been speared. It was come minutes before I could convince myself that I was all right, and even when I lay down to try and get tosleeptogain.Ikept lifting up my head every now and again to make sure the blacks weren't there. Of course there was nothing of the kind, but some how I was uneasy, and I couldn't Bleep, bo at last I sat up, and was thinking whether I wouldn't get up and have a smoke to try and settle myself a bit. The rnoen was just going down, and I knew by that that it was getting on towards daylight. I didn't like the dream at all, and wondered what on earth it could mean, nnd whilst I was rummaging in my pockets for my tobacco and knife, I fancied I smelt smoke. I sniffed and sniffed, and then I was sure of it. Now, with all that long grass about, it required men to be very careful with the fire and with their pipes. We'd taken care when we first camped down to burn off the grass round our camping ground, so that there wus no danger from the fire we cooked at ; but then those blessed pipes, men are so careless, you know, and — aitchow !— Yes, smoke enough now to make me sneeze. I jumped up, in my shirt, just as I was, and went outside. I was looking then towards the setting moon, and as she was going down she looked a bit reddish, like as she often does, and the long grass of the downs was shimmering in the pale light, and looking like a sea of silver as the breeze rippled it here and there as it passed over. When I looked in. the other direction though, I wasn't long before I found out what the smell of fire meant. There, the whole downB were in a blaze for miles across, and the flames were coming down fast before the wind, right upon us. My word I I wasn't long before I had all hands up and at work. We did all we could. We burnt off the grass round about us, as much as we were able in the time given us ; but the flames came down upon us bo fast, and their roaring as they laid hold of and swallowed up the long grass, was so fearful, that the men juBt roused up out of sleep were dated and bothered, and didn't work half as they ought to have done. The heat, too, that came down upon us with the wind, was pretty nigh more than we could stand ; and as the fire got nearer we were - obliged to throw ourselves flat down on the ground, and to make holes in the earth to bury our faces in. In this way, we managed to rub through, but, my word ! it was a close shave. When the flames had passed hb and had burnt out to windward, and I came to have a leok at my ether flock of sheep, I found that more than the half of 'em were cooked— yes, cookad ! —regularly roasted and done brown too, and those that had any life in 'em were bo singed and smothered and frightened that they were more dead than alive,' and weren't worth half-a-crown the whole lot. Well, now, what d'ye think it was, for I found it out three days after — why it was nothing but them infernal blacks. They had managed to surprise my two shepherds, and spear them. I found their twe bodies half roasted by the burning of the long grass in which they had fallen ; but they were sufficiently whole to show me how they had died. Having thus disposed of the shepherds, they had driven eff the sheep, and knowing that these could net be made to travel so quick as a man on horseback could run down their track, the imps of Satan had set fire to the grass in order to burn out the trail. I was in a pelter, and no mistake. I was alone, but I determined to have a go ia at the black thieves. I hit out over the burnt country, and the day after finding the bodies I pitched upon the trail of the sheep. Well, to make a long story short, I didn't get back any of them sheep, but I had some kind of satisfaction, and I can answer for it that seven of those blacks tasted no more of my mutton after I saw them. I was out four days with nothing to eat but some of my own mutton that I came across, and then I made away back to camp. That was about the heaviest upper cut ever I got, and no mistake. The country was burnt up all round for miles and miles, and the unfortunate sheep I had left weren't able to travel, owing to the singing and scorching they'd had. We had to puBh 'em along somehow or other till we got to a bit of grass, but they dropped down by twos and threes as we went on, till, when we reached the first bit of unbumt grass, I think we had about a hundred and fifty. It wasn't worth making a station with that lot, so Isold 'em as I went along to Fred Maskelyn, who'd then got settled pretty comfortably. I made over my assigned men to him, paid off my overseer, and then came down to Sydney to try my hand in another quarter and begin the world afresh. But, my honest word, that gave me a awaiting, I can tell you, and it was many a long month before I got into the way of making another start. 'You've had some hard fights, Atkins,' said the doctor, after Tom had received our congratulations. ' Yes, a few. Them times out on the Lachlan. were the worst— I mean as regards the blacks, though they weren't my sheep and cattle that were taken then.' 'That was a very strange dream of yours,' said Fred. Tom gave a grim smile, whilst the doctor answered, ' Not at all ; nothing but indigestion. It's a very common thing — that particular feeling he describes.' 'Still it loeks supernatural— something like a warning.' Tom now laughed outright. ' As natural as can be. It was Christmae day, and my man had made a duff in the moat approved bush style, and, of course, as heavy as lead, and nearly as indigestible. The doctor's right; that duff lasted me the beEt part ef two days, for it was that time before I had digested it, and until then I wanted nothing to eat. But come, Merton, it's your turn now.' 'It's my turn is it?' said young Fred Merton, taking his pipe out of his mouth and turning lazily upon his elbow. 'I've got to spin you a yam have I ? Well, I can't promise you a very exciting one. I've never had anythiBg to do in the ' thrilling inci dent ' line myself, but I can tell you a queer story about anew chum friend of mine.' i ' Let's have it then,' said we all. ' All Berene, boys,' replied the young fellow. ' Dick, pitch a log or two on the fire, and hand us the quart pot. Now then, if you're all ready, here goes.' THE YOUNG SUPER'S STORY. Mr. TheodoBius Miffle was a young gentleman of prepossessing manners and great respectability. Evil disposed persons, envious of his gentility and talents, sometimes spoke of him in terms of disparagement. I hate heard him stigmatised as a ' conceited prig,' and a ' noodle,' &c.; But, everybody knows, the best of men are often calumniated, and as Mr. Theodosius Miffle was by no means the best of men, he could not expect to escape the stings of slander. As the per sonal friend, however, of Mr. Theodosius Miffle, I feel bound to state that the insinuations against his cha racter, above alluded to, are quite unfounded. Society at the present moment does not possess a brighter ornament than Mr. Theodosius Miffle. Mr. Theodosius Miffle was an Englishman, and a Cockney, and the fervour of his patriotism was re tnarkable. Many a time have I seen the tears dim ming his fine eyes as he spoke ef the land of his birth. To use his own expressive words* — ' He gloried in the name of Briton— he was proud of his beloved Hing land; and his 'art swelled, his pulse throbbed, his form dilated, when he reflected on her greatness and her glory.' Mr. Miffle's love for his native country was in fact second only to his affection for himself. He was convinced that the British were the most wonderful of nations, and that he was an exceedingly favourable specimen of a true-bom Briton. Mr. Miffle was rather vain, but then you see he had much to be proud of. He had five hundred per year, in conjunc tion with a snug billet in the Civil Service. He had youth and he.-vlth, and respectability, and, as he thought, amazing powers of mind. His facial and cor poreal peculiarities were imposing, though not beauti ful. He had a large quantity of blazing red hair with moustaches and whiskers of the same hue, so ia tensely martial in their aspect as to strike awe into the bosoms of the male sex, and inflame the feminine heart with sentiments of admiration and love. Mr. Theodosius Miffle came to New South Wales in the year 1860, bringing with him a great contempt for things colonial, about £100 in hard cash, a con siderable amount of elegant apparel, a score or so of introductory letters, and the aforesaid moustache and whiskers. His money melted away with great rapidity, but his letters of introduction, backed up by his imposing whiskers, Boon procured him that snug billet in the Civil Service that he now holds, the emoluments of which so well enable him to do his duty in society, with credit to himself and benefit to the general public. Of course, like all well bred cockneys who are so condescending as to visit this portion of the world, Mr. Theodosius Miffle regarded everything Australian with ineffable scorn. He was, and still is, in the habit of expressing to his intimate friends his peculiarly genteel views respecting the barbaric condition of colonial society. He often re marks in his trenchantly sarcastic way upon the meanmssof the country, and the ignorance of the people who live in it. He has told me over and evei again, that compared to the cities of the old world Sydney is a mere miserable village, wherein persons of respectability should be ashamed to reside ; that the villas of the New South Wales gentry are not so commodious as the majority of British pigsties ; that our Government House is something like on English nobleman's stable ; and that Port Jackson as a harbour, is all very well, but as for scenery !— hang it, you wouldn't look at such a puddie after seeing some of the ports on the English coast. He con sidered the ekies here lets bright, the wattrs less pure, the breezes less sweet, the sun less genial, the star-spangled heavens lees glorious than in his darling mother land. ?' As for the 'inhabitants of this wretched country, how can I describe the educated Bcorn, the perfectly crushing contempt, wherewith they were regarded by the refined Miffle ? Having paESed the earlier portion of his life amid the beau tnonde of Putney and Claphim — having contracted his elevated ideas in the halls of the British aristocracy (most of whom appear to have been his intimate friends)— having moved, I say, in the very politest of polite circles— Theodssius naturally thought scorn of our poor faded gentility. He looked upon New South Welshmen as barbarians, whose minds were slavish, and whose tastes were decidedly tow. Whether the continuous indulgence of his con temptuous feelings had imparted a sneering ex pression to Mr. Miffle's interesting countenance, or whether nature had wisely adapted that countenance to circumstances, I am unable to state. Certainly, bo human face that ever came under my notice was so admirably formed to express ecom as the face of Mr. Theodosius Miffle. There was a natural curl in his lip, which rendered any effort of the will in that respect superfluous. His nose was turned up en permanence, so very much, that to have turned it up any more would have been a physical impossibility. And in order that he might the better look askance upon the merits of his fellow mortals, kind Providence had furnished him with a swivel eye, which though it did not add to his facial loveliness, certaiuly imparted a knowing expression to his otherwise vacuous features. Physical beauty, however, was quite a secondary consideration with Mr. Miffle— or rather, I may say, it was a matter worthy of no consideration at all. He believed that his personal charms were great, but as a man of noble mind and liberal views, he despised such adventitious aids to success in life and love. ' Beauty,' said Mr. Miffle in his strikingly original way— 'Beauty is but the accident of nature. Give me mind, refined and polished by /tart ! I don't care a cubb fer the young, the beautiful, the gay. What I look fer is Aintelleck. And where do I find it sir?— where do I find it ? Not here, among these colonial enebs and vulgar wimming ; not here where ^elegance is scouted, and true politeness a myth. Not here do I find it— but in the marble 'alls of Hinglan's princely nobility, where Aintelleck goes 'and in 'and with Aelegance, and where wice and wulgarity are equally unknown!' [I may observe that Mr. Miffle, when speaking under the in fluence of excitement misplaced his H's a good deal.] Now, to a gentleman of refined tastes, who is in the habit of making such grand speeches as this the at tractions of Sydney society must have been naught, and therefore I am not surpiiicd that Mr, Miffle rarely went into that society. The evil-disposed persons before alluded to Baid he didn't go there, because society wouldn't let him— that he made strenuous efforts to gain admission into polite circles, but failing to do se, relieved his feelings by abusing society roundly. These assertions must have emanated from petty spite, for of course it must be plain to everyone that Mr. Miffle, endowed as he was with magnificent whiskers and a calm repose of manner — imported direct from the choicest emporiums of British gentility — could net have been anything less than the favourite of colonial ssciety ; and I've no doubt he was. Although Mr. Miffle was a person of extraordinary strength of mind, his disposition was vulnerable in one point. He was exceedingly soft-hearted, and fell in and out of love so often that his bosom must have been terribly battered. During his sojourn in Sydney his impulsive bouI had been snared by halfa score of sirens in turn. Over and over again had he proffered those inestimable treasures, his hand and heart, in addition to a share of his five hundred per year to the merry coquettes. I will not assert, how ever, that Mr. Miffle's matrimonial failures were pro ductive of any injurious effects to his health or spirits. His grande passions soon died out, and the flames of love that now and then wound about his heart were very fitful and innocuous. He was caught once though, in right down earnest, and seized with such a severe attack of amorous fever, as nearly put an end to his valuable existence. Miss Emily Pounce bex, the charming daughter of Capias Pouncebox, Esq. (of the eminent legal firm of Pouncebox and Deedes,) was the enslaver of Mr. Miffl.es' best -a4E»Minnfi ? Ha.. m£t_ thfl JHJUIHT \tu\jr .- ft* - « public ball, subsequently found means of improving his acquaintance with her and with her excellent parents, and soon fell head over ears in. love. The fair Emily walked with him, talked sentiment with him, ogled and sighed, and made play with her fine eyes, to such an extent that in an incredibly short space of time Mr. Miffle was reduced to an abject state. The best of it is, Miss Pouncebox vows to this day that she never gave Mr. Miffle the smallest encouragement. She says she was never so surprised in her life as when Theodosius plumped down on his knees in the summer-house, and made known to her his fond affection, and his readinesB to undergo instant death and burial for her sake. She was, as I said before, very much surprised, and at once put an end to Mr. Miffle's hopes by announcing her betrothal to Zebedee Jones, Esq., the wealthy young merchant, who has since led her to the hymeneal altar. Mr. Theodosius Miffle was dumb- foundered at the rejection of his suit, and really began, to ' dwindle, peak, and pine' in a somewhat alarming way. Feel ing that time and change of scene alone could assuage the pangs of his outraged heart, he resolved on taking a country trip. ' In the wild .recesses of the prim eval forest, Merton,'— he wrote in accepting an invi tation to my station—' amid the vast solitudes of the far interior, where the strifes ef the world are un heeded, and where the smile of fickle woman is un known, I may yet regain my serenity of mind ! Yes, Merton, in the contemplation of inanimate nature, as it appears in the pathless wilds of the Aus tralian bush, my lacerated spirit may find balm !' * ' ? * * ? ? 'Twas on a blazing hot day in the summer of 1862 — you may pick the hottest you can think of, for I shan't bother my brains about the precise date — that a horseman might have been seen (if there had been any one to look at him) wending his weary way along that singularly dusty and disagreeable pertion of the Great Northern Road that lies between the village of Fal brook and the Chain of Ponds. All of you know the place well enough, so I needn't describe it more par ticularly. 'Twos fearfully hot. The sun looking like a globe of molten iron, shone in a cloudless sky, and the occasional gusts of wind that dallied with the fallen leaves, and swept up columns of thick red dust, were hot as furnace blasts. The thirsty earth was seamed' with crevices, and parched with drought. Nature sickened beneath the sultry noontide glare. The BoundB of forest life were hushed; the myriad birds pined voiceless on the boughs with ruffled plumage and drooping wings ; the ever busy flies and mus quitoes alone seemed capable of enjoying themselves, and I need not say to you, who have all experienced their pertinacity, that they were exceedingly lively on this particular occasion. The traveller, of whom I spoke just now, was a short thick-set florid man, with red hair and a large quantity of bushy red whiskers. He was attired in that peculiar costume which metropolitan Fancy assigns to the Australian squatter, but which is sel dom seen either in or out of the Australian bush, save by the eye of the aforesaid Fancy. He wore cord breeches and boots ; a thick leather belt embellished with half a dozen vouches, a sheath knife, and a revolver case; a Crimean shirt and a cabbage- treo hat, with a short green veil, A heavy overcoat was strapped on the pommel of his saddle, and a pair of saddle-bags hanging across the cantle, in a dropsical condition, aided materially in that chafing process which was evidently skinning by degrees the calves of his interesting legs. One glance at the toil-worn equestrian was sufficient to show that he was unused both to bush life and to horse exercise. He appeared to be miserably jaded and woe- begone. His face was begrimed with dust and perspiration, and his outer man was uniformly of the colour of the road. From the contortions that agitated his body from time to time, it was evident that he was dreadfully saddle* galled ; . and no doubt the dejection that was manifest in his face and demeanour, was the result of fatigue and the pains caused by extensive abrasions to his epidermis. The horse that he bestrode was a beast ?f a singularly dissipated and unhappy aspect — evidently a venerable horse, who, having long outlived his vernal time, had become awakened to the folly of his youthful inclinations, and had come to the conclusion, that 'all cantering was vanity.' His 'animal spirits ' had long Binceevnporated.and I dare say it was repentance, not physical weakness, which caused him to go down upon his aged knees so fre quently. He seemed to be a horse of deliberative disposition and great firmness of character. He waB not very handsome, but he cer tainly was a remarkable- looking horse. He possessed but one eye, and that being afflicted with a chronic wink, gave to his solemn visage a peculiarly humourous look. His head was very long, and in shape closely resembled a claw hammer. His nose was a most emphatic Roman, his hide was un commonly shaggy, and his tail looked tike a ragged palm leaf. His limbs were mysterious in structure, being covered with supernatural knobs ; and his mode of progression was a species of shuffle that was in itself a mystery. Of course you have already, with your usual acumen, surmised the name of the traveller, whose horse and accoutrements I have just described ? You have doubtless recognised that ruby visage, and that brilliant hair r You have' identified the owner ot those resplendent whiskers, and you already know as well as I do that the jaded horseman above referred to was no other than Mr. Theodosius Miffle. He waB on his way tomy«tationontheNamoi River, and was about to undergo his first, as well as his last, ex perience of Australian bush life. That great square lumbering stone building, which is known to moBt of you as the ' Chain of Ponds Inn,' has naught that is very pleasing in its outward aspect. 'Tis in truth a comfortless looking pile,, standing in the midst of barrenness, with nothing beautiful about it. Yet the sight of that dreary hostel— which is, I am bound to admit, excellent as far as bed and board are concerned— had a singularly vivifying effect on the spirits of Mr. Theodosius Miffle. No doubt he comforted himself with the thought of a respite from his woes, and indeed I think that any resting place— even a bed of thorns— would have been at that time more comfortable to him than the back ef hiB venerable steed. That sagacious ? quadruped also displayed some symptoms of delight when he caught eight of the public-house. Visions of sweet scented hay, clear cool water, and comfortable stabling, probably, floated before the eyes of his equine imagination, and caused him in the exube rance of his joy to break into a sort of spasmodic shamble, which was mistaken by his rider for a canter. Having dismounted before the door of the hotel, Mr. Miffle resumed to some extent his haughty and defiant bearing, and began to call in authoritative tones for the ' 'ostler.' 'Here take my hone you,' said Mr. Miffle to a ruffianly-looking man who presently came sauntering out of the stableyard. 'Give him plenty of hay mind,' said Mr. Miffle, as he consigned his precious beast to the ruffianly man — ' and you may as well wash his legs. Poo' feller !' he added, fondly caress ing the aged scaramouch. ' Poo' Desperation ! poor old man ! Be very careful of him 'ostler.' ' Right you are, sir !' cried the ruffianly man, with an air of easy confidence, not unmingled with con tempt. ' What sort of hay have you got r' .' Oaten, sir.' ' Ah, that won't do for Desperation. He's always been used to lucerne. What's to be done r' .' Feed o' com, sir?' ' Ah, yes ; try him with a feed of corn. Yes. Be very careful of him, will you ?' ??? Careful, sir ?' said the ruffianly man with em phasis. 'I'll be as tender with him as if he was a hinfant. He's a fine horse, he is. Lots o' bone about him, sir. Pious animal too, judging from the looks of his knees. Don't often see sich 'ones as 'im. Here's your valise, eir — you might want it in ? t.vii»i Jr-i-ol.™k.ji it'o «Uc Beu'un ! who'd a thought of seeing you here !' The ruffianly man was evidently in a state of extreme astonishment, of which Mr. Miffle was the cause. The ruffianly man dropped his valise, and stared at Mr. Miffle as if that gentleman were some rare and savage animal. And Mr. Miffle stared at the ruffianly man with an expression of surprise and anger that was extremely ludicrous. ' Who'd 'a thought o* seeing you here, Red'un ? ' repeated the ruffianly man, in a low voice. ' What's the move now, I wonder $ ' ' What d'ye mean, feller?' roared Mr. Miffle as scion as surprise would allow him to speak ; ' are you mad or drunk ? ' '' Oh, come, I say, Red'un, what's the good o' coming this dodge with me r ' said the ruffianly man, persuasively. ' I'm on the square, you know, Red'un,' added he, with a mysterious wink ; ' and devil a fear o' me blowing the gaff on you — — ' j' On the square? Blow the gaff r What— what does the man wan ? ' said Mr. Miffle, helplessly. ' How dare you ? ? ' ' How daxe I ! Well, you are a cove ! ' f A what? A 'cove,' Sir? Did you say ' cove ' rascal? Heavens! have I come sixteen thousand miles — have I crossed the mighty ocean, and trod amid the gloomy shades of the wild forest — to be called a ' eove r ' You'll regret this, villain ! ' said Mr. Miffle. 'I'll report your insolence to your master—; — ' 'And by ? here he comes too, so I'll say no more to ye at present, Red'un. Yes, sir,' added the ruffianly man, raking his voice, ' I'll be very careful on him.' A tall, stout man had come out at the door, and was evidently the cause of the ruffianly man's hasty retreat. The new comer was ' the master' of the house — Mr. Bill Lumley, or ' Stunning Bill,' as he ?was usually called by those persons who had the honour and pleasure ol being intimate with him. ' What's the matter, sir ? ' asked Stunning Bill, addressing the irate TheodoBius. 'Matter, sir?' cried Mr. Miffle, excitedly, 'Matter! Everything's the matter. I've been in sulted — mocked — treated contumeliously ! Land lord!' exclaimed the injured gentleman, pointing to the retiring figure of the ruffianly man — ' Land lord, that man's a maniac ! ' 'Maniac, sir? Lor bless my soul!' said the astonished innkeeper—' Maniac ? Nonsense, sir !' ' I tell you he's a maniac, landlord— a raving mad man — unfit to be at large, sir — a dangerous lunatic! I never was so insulted in my life, Mr. — a — what's your name ? Never ! Not that I'd allow the conduct of such a fellow to ruffle my temper. Oh dear no, not in the least. But really I think you should keep more civil servants about you, Mr. — ah — urn — I've forgot your name again.' ' Lumley,' Baid the other, grinning. ' Won't you step in, sir, and have something to eat and drink? ' ' Well, yes, I think I will. Mr.— a— er— Slumley. That's a hinsolent beast, that ostler; but never mind — Let me have some lunch — Mr. — a — Plumley — and some bottled ale.' Having washed the dust out of his hair and eyes, and conforted his inner man with a considerable quantity of malt nectar, Mr. Theodosius Miflle soon forgot the insulting behavour of the ruffianly man, nor did that unpleasant subject enter hiB thoughts until — until the ruffianly man presented himself in the parlour where Mr. Miffle lay enjoying a poBt-prandial snooze. ' 'Bouse me, sir,' said the ruffianly man, putting his mouth close to Mr. MifHe's ear— ' 'Souse me, sir.' 'What do you want?' cried Mr. Miffle, starting up from his nap. ' Ob, it's you, is it, you vagabond 1 What d'ye want f' 'Could I speak five words with you, sir?' asked - the ruffianly man, in a fawning tone. ' No, you can't,'' said Mr. Miffle, savagely. ' Very well, then,' said the ruffianly man, with an injured air. ' If you will persist in gammoning me, doit, /don't care. I only speak for your good —that's all ; and as you won't hear what I've got to say, why ? ' 'Stop, stop, man,' cried Mr. Miffle. 'For my good ia it ? Well, what have you got to say ?' 'Well, fust an' foremost, Red'un, whafs yer lay?' 'What dy'e mean by my lay, and why, in the devil's name, do you call me Red'un?— it's like your infernal impudence.' ' 'Well, I won't any more. But what's yer lay ? — what are yer up to this time, eh 1' ' Do you imagine, you rascal, that I'm going to tell you my business?' cried Mr. Miffle, astounded at he insolence of his querist. ' Well, I never heard of such a thing!' ' Well, don't tell it,' growled the ruffianly man sulkily ; '/ don't care, though I think you might 'a told me as has allus acted on the square with you——' ' Why, you lying, audacious villain ? !' ' Come, now, Red'un, none of that, or I'll peach on yer— blowed if I don't. What I was going to say is, you're CHssed imprudent.' ' What d'ye mean, fellow ?' said Mr. Miffle, dog gedly ; ' what d'ye mean ?' ' Why,' said the ruffianly man, bending down hiB head, and speaking in a whisper, 'Whydontyer ihatel Everybody a'most knows them whiskers o* yourn by now ; you're safe to be nabbed if you goes about much in public with them on yer.' ' Landlord !' shrieked Mr. Miffle, starting up and rushing to the door. ' Landlord !' ' Yes, sir,' replied Stunning Bill, coming in, fol lowadby a stout woman— evidently Mrs. Stunning Bill — and a merry-looking giil — evidently Miss Stun ning BUI, the bar-maid of the establishment. ' I'll not Btop in your house another instant !' roared Mr. Miffle. ' Here's this lunatic raving at me again. Bring me my bill, landlord — bring me my bill, and have my hone brought round at once — dy'e hear, sir ? — at once.' ' Bless us and save us !' exclaimed Mrs. Bill, amazed at Mr. Miffle'e vehemence. 'He. He, he!' giggled Miss Bill. ' I won't stop here another moment !' cried The odoBius. ' Bring that horse round you — you catama ran ! Give me my bill, sir ; bring me my horse, I say!' ' But sir ? ' said the ruffianly man. ' My horse, I say !' ' But then you see ? ' commenced the load lord. ' My bill, fellow!' ' Well I'm sure !' said Mrs. Bill, tossing her head. ' You need be somebody, indeed, to make all this fusB. Call my husband a fellow too ! I'd have you know, sir ? ' 'My bill I say !' ' Here Jack,' said Lumley at last, ' Go and saddle that animal of his, and let the pair of 'em go as soon as they like. Here's your bill, sir.' ' And here's your money. Keep the change, sir !' said Mr. Miffle, waving the landlord off in a lofty manner. ' Curse the change, sir ! Where's my horse? You ought to be ashamed of yourself ; yOu ought to know better than to keep such a man as that on your premises. Ah here's Desperation' added he, as the ruffianly man led that gallant steed up to the door. ' Good day, fiir !' said the ruffianly man, as The odoBius mounted. ' Go to the devil !' roared Mr. Miffle, in a voice of thunder. Desperation started at the sound, and his alarm so far overcame his prejudices as to induce him to go off at a speed of something more than three miles per hour. In a few moments Mr. Miffle was out of Bight of the Chain of Ponds, and jogging along the hot and dusty road, once more. Unfortunately for himself, however, Mr. Miffle did not keep to the dusty road. He could not make out HOW It happened, but after journeying for four 01 ft-re miles, he suddenly found that the road had disap peared, and that he was— alone in the trackless forest ! In vain he tried to regain the lost road. . Being no bushman, he was unable to travel for half a mile in a straight line in any direction. He kept riding about in circles searching for the track, and, you may be sure, that his mind was not as comfort able as could have been wished. He was 'lost in the bush ! ' He became half wild with fear as he realised the horror of his position. Fearful stories of unfor tunates who had lost themselves like him, and starved to death in the dismal forests haunted hiB thoughts. One horrible anecdote that he had read in a colonial newspaper would persist in obtruding itself on his mind. It related how a skeleton had been found somewhere lying beheath a gum tree in the bush. 'Tnas all that remained of some poor wanderer who had died there from starvation. ' The deceased had,' the newspaper Baid, 'cut his initials and the date upon the bark of the tree, beneath whose shelter he had lain down— to die ! A rusty clasp knife, a tin pannikin full of holes, some scraps of clothing, and a few pieces of leather, lay near the bones, which were beyond question those of a white , man.' Oh! those awful bones! and that significant knife and pannikin ! and O ! that short pitiful epitaph, upon the tree ! Mr. Miffle could think of nothing else. Night, black with horrid shadows, dosed around him as he wandered hither and thither with these fearsome bones ever present to his imagination. At times he even fancied he could see them whitening in the starlight, with the rusty knife and tinpot beside them. Ever and anon, too, strange noises struck upon his ear and made his flesh creep with affright. Opossums gambolling in the branches over his head, or running across his path, startled him anew. Weird looking birds flapped past him, uttering demoniac screams that chilled his blood. The mournful cry of the curlew rose upon the night air sometimes, sound ing like the wail of a spirit in pain. The wanderer's distempered fancy peopled the woods with horrors. The eyes of his soul looked forth upon strange and ghastly things around him. Goblin faces scowled at him from the gnarled trunks of trees ; ghastly arms were stretched forth to grasp him ; melancholy voices were bome upon the homeless wind that brushed his haggard cheek ; devilish eyes peered at him from, every side. Once he cried aloud and nearly fainted at the sound ef his own voiee, echoing among the ghostly trees ! All you fellows are fond of keeping up good fires when you are camped out. Firs is a blessed thing to us. We could scarcely live without it. I've heard Jack yonder, Bay a score of times, that he would sooner camp out without grub than without fire. And if we, who sit here as jolly ub need be, and without any of the atra cura upon us, have such a liking for the cheerful blaze, what must have been the delight of poor lost TheodoBius Miffle, when, as he roamed despairingly through the bush, he caught sight of— the ruddy glow of a camp fire ! Theodosius lost no time in making his way to that welcome beacon, whose gleam was his rescue from a dreadful death. As he rode slowly up to it — for his horse could hardly drag one foot before the other — he saw a man lying beside it asleep, with a saddle for a pillow. A quart pot, with some bread and meat, lay near by, and a horse was tethered to a tree a few yards off. The sleeper was aroused by the noise of Mr. Miffle's approach, and starting up, apparently in some alaTm, cried out, ' Who's there?' ' Only me ! ' said Theodosius, in humble tones. ' I've lost my way, and I saw your fire.' If the owner of the fire had felt any alarm, the tones of Mr. Miffle's voice dispelled it. 'Come for'ard here, and let's have a look at you,' said he. ' Ah, you're a greta un, I'll swear. Well, you're \- welcome to camp ?with me until the morning, any how.' 'Thank you,' said Mr. Miflle, slighting from hU j wearied horse, who instantly began to crop the scanty , grass. ' Could you oblige me with a small quantity (.' «f food — anything — I'm very hungry and exhausted.' I 'There you are, mate,' said the man, pointing to I the eatables before-mentioned. 'Eat away, and j don't spare the grub. It ain't, perhaps, as ! dainty as what you've been accustomed to, but, yer i see, I never knowed yer were comin' to sec me, or I'd |l a prepared for ycr. Ha, ha ! ' ' :j The fellow had a very peculiar laugh. It startled j Mr. Miffle, it was £0 like hit own! lie looked again f at the man who uttered it, and saw with astonUh ! xnent that the resemblance went beyond the laugh. j The man of the camp 6re was ' a short thick -set, i very florid man, with red hair and a large quantity of \- bushy red whiskers.' lie was dresBed differently to ; 11 r. Millie, but might have passed for his twin ; brother. ' I rather think, mate, you'll know me when you see me Bgain,' said the man, good-humouredly. [j ?' You stare a6 if I was same curiosity.' ,: «? I beg your — your pardon, Sir, I — J'm sure,' i stammered Mr. Miffle. ' I — I wasn't aware that — at ' least I mean — might I take the liberty of asking your ; name ? ' ; V Aha ! ' cried the man, with a quick look of sus ? picion ; ' So you spots me, do yer ? You knows I'm I not on the square, do yer?' he muttered. I ' Curious,' thought Mr. Miffle, as he ate the I map's bread and beef. ' Curious ! That mad ostler I said he ' was on the square,' too. That's sing'ler ! I What does it mean ?' i The man had walked over to look at Mr. Miffle's 1 steed and accoutrements, and now he came back to the fire with the saddle-begs hanging over his arm. ' You i ain't never been in the bush afore, I'll bet a crown,' I eaidhe. ' 'You're quite correct,' replied Theodosius. [ 'You're agoin' c'lonial experiencing, I suppose; I ain't you r' ; 'Eh?' ' You're goin' up country for c'lonial experience? | ? goin' to work on a station somewheres for no half 1 pence, and a donkey's allowance, of kicks! Ain't , that it.' : 'No; I'm going out. to . the Namoi on a visit — to- 1 Kalcmnba— Raynall's station. . ' Ha !' Let's have a look at that revolver o' youxn. Is it loaded?' '.Ok uo.' 'Ha! 'Taint a bad 'un, so perhaps you'll make me a present of it. It'll suit me all to pieces, and ? ' ' Sir.' ?' Thank you. Yes. And I think I'll take the 'overcoat too ; the breeches I wouldn't give a tinker's cuss for ; they'll rip to pieces in no time.' 'Sir!!' repeated Mr. Miffle, in an indescribable tone of astonishment and fear, lie began to have serious doubts as to the character of the man who resembled him so closely. ' Ay, as you say, our feet are about of a size, and them boots of your'n '11 fit me stunning, I know. Jest take 'em off, will you mate.' ' Sir! ' cried Mr. Miifle, ' I shall do nothing of tHe kind. I ? ' ' Talie of those boots! ' roared the man in a terriSc voice, and pressing the muzzle of a cocked pistol again bt Mr. Miffle's temples. 'Take 'em off, I say!' 'Dou't,' stammered Mr. Miffle imploringly, and alluding to the pistol, 'It — it — might go off!' 'ItiriWgo off too, if you don't mind what you're at,' said the ruffian ; 'I'll precious soon let it off if you don't hand over them boots '.' 'Here, take'em, sir; take'em!' cried the trem bling gentleman, hurriedly tugging at the coveted articles. 'Take— all, I have, but— but— spire, oh spare my life ! ' he implored in a palsy of fear. ' I've got a mother, eir— an aged parent— a— bub— bless— ' ' Cuss yer haged parent ! ' interrupted the un feeling desperado. ' Hold yer gab, an hand over your rhino, and trinkets. Come, I aint a bad sort, I aint. I'm not agoin' to hurt yer, unless you gets obstropolus. Splendid fit, these here boots — and thcy'ic - rrB*lBr ram -'was too — -three Tun' Tenners, I'll lay!' I need not recount any more of this conversation. You may supply the remainder for yourselves if you please. I will merely state that the robber eased Air. Miffie of all his portable property, and forced that unhappy gentleman to change clothes with him. Desperation was then accoutred with the ruffian's battered saddle, upontke pommels of which were two holsters, each containing a large single-barrelled pistol,' unloaded. The robber then guided Mr. Miffle to a bridle track close by, and telling him that it would take him to the main road, left him to find his way there as beet he might. The 'drowsy East' was flecked with spots of purple and gold, when. Mr. Miffie came out upon the main road. The glorious sun uprose in the many tinted orient, shining upon a thousand dewy sprays, and catling into action a thousand springs of life and joy. But Mr. Miffle was insensible to the cheering influences of sunshine and fresh morning air. Slowly and sadly he wended along the -road, cursing the madness tkat had induced him to visit the Australian bush, and vowing that, once clear of it, no earthly consideration should ever induce him to return to it. His bush experiences had been brief but exceedingly bitter, and be had had quite enough of them. But cruel fate had not yet done with him, and the crowning catastrophe of his country trip has yet to be related. Upon tuning an angle of the road Mr. Miffle suddenly found himself in the midst of a posse of mounted constables, who, by a conventional fiction, were supposed to be in hot pursuit of some blood ?thirsty bushranger or other. ' Look out ! ' shouted the sergeant in command of the ' active and intelligent ' force. ' Secure the vil lain! Seize him there, Murphy; catch hold of his bone, Lancy ! That's the style ! We've got him. Hurrah! We've nabbed you at last you infernal ruffian ! ' 'Safe this time,' said Murphy, as he snapped a pair of handcuffs on Mr. Miffle's wrists. ' By ? ! This ain't a bad day's work !' ' What the devil's he been up to r' said another constable. ' Where did he pick up that scrag of a horse ? And see, there's nothing in his pistols. By the piper ! we're in luck to catch the Red'un in this trim!' Mr. Miffle had been so bewildered by the sudden attack that some moments elapsed before he recovered the use of his tongue. At last, however, he managed to say—' Gentlemen— gentlemen ! What's this for ?' 'Ah, you don't know at all, do you, Rcd'un?' said the sergeant mockingly—' You're as hinnercent as a babe you arc, aint you ?' 'You are policemen, I believe ?' said Mr. MitBe haughtily, looking round upon his captors. 'You've just hit it, Red'un. We are police, and we've cotched a bushranger ! ha, ha !' ' Where f ' said Mr. Miffle casting his eyes about him, ' Which i6 the bushranger ? And please don't call me by that name ; and just take these things off my hands— and— ' ' Well, you are a cove !' said the sergeant opening his eyes. 'You can come the virtuous innocent dodge snd no mistake. 'Can't come it over me though, my hero ! Look here ; I've arrested you for robbery under armB, and murder ; and I rather think that last little affair of yours at Oakev Creek '11 bring you a bit of swing. So now shut up, and don't let's have any more *o ycr gammon. Don't pretend to be some one else Red'un, co3 I know you. You oughter shaved afore you come out a riding. Them carrotty whiskers has ruined you ? .' * ' I'm not Red'un ! I— I don't know what you mean ! I protest against this violence ! I've becna robbed, and — er— insulted — er — and — er — maltreated — er— . I'm Mr. Mifflle of the Treasury— Mr. Theo dosius Miffle— and — ' 'Shut up, will you?' interrupted the sergeant. ' You can tell all you've got to say to the beak, and had better save your breath till you see him. Bring him along, boys !' The unfortunate Miffle was forced onward, despite his cries and protests, and vows of ulterior vengeance. Ihe police conveyed him to Muswellbrook, which township they reached long before noon. As they passed through its thoroughfares, people ran out of their houses to look at the captured bushranger. Mr. Miffle found himself an object of interest to several hundreds *f people, and the lock-up was surrounded by a great crowd of persons who assembled there to see him dismount. 'Awful villain I' said one; 'As hugly a looking chap as ever I seel'' said another: ?? That's him ! That's the Red'un sure enough ' said a third : He's a deal fatter, though, than when I see him down at Wattle Flat.' 'That's where he shot the Chinaman, ain't it, Bill?' said a horaebreakcr who rode by the side of the previous speaker. ' No : he shot the Chinaman .over at Boxtree,' replied Bill, who was a stockman from some neigh bouring cattle run. ' It was at Wattle Flat where he had that scrimmage with the police, don't you know?' ? . 'Oh ah!' said the horsebreaker. 'Desperate villain, ain't he, BUI ? ' 'Reg'lar out an' outer! ' 'Looks it too; don't he?' ' He's as ill-looking a varmint as ever I see. It's a cooker tilth him this time though. He'll swing as sure as eggs is eggs! Come, Dick, let's go over to Boshy's and have a lickcr.' Mr. Theodosius Miffle's heart sank within him as he listened to these comments upon his personal appeir ance, .and his supposed villany. He began to per ceive that he was the victim in a case of mistaken identity, and he guessed rightly that he was imagined to be the very man who had robbed him the night before, and whose resemblance to himself had startled him so much. There could be no doubt about the matter. Mr. Miffle was now suffering a vicarious ignominy that should have fallen to the lot of Mr. Daniel Hobbs, oHos Red Dan, alias Red'un, one of the most detestable ruffians that ever '? stuck up ' a traveller in New South Wales. ' * * * * *? I well remember how the newspapers lauded the poliee for the capture that had been made — how those members of the constabulary who had taken part in this business were bepraised for their bravery and skill. I have no doubt either that these honest fellows took csre to spread their own fame, by re lating then- heroic deeds to the townsfolk of Mus welibiook. Their reputation as thief-catchers was shortlived, however. A few days after the capture of the supposed bushranger, I received a letter from Mr. MHUe informing me of his position, and imploring my assistance. Of course I lost no time in hastening to his aid; and you may guess how uncommonly foolish the troopers looked when they found that Mr. Miffle was a most respectable member of society, instead of a lawless ruffian. As for Mr. Miffle him self, that unfortunate gentleman was almost reduced to imbecility by his surprising adventures. ' Take me hon:e, Tomkins ! ' he groaned, seizing my hand, and looking imploringly into -my face. 'Take me home, please ! Don't leave me in this horrible place, where everybody combines to torture me. Take me home, and if ever you catch me visiting the pathless wilds of the Australian forest again, I give you leave to hang, draw, and quarter me ! ' I took liim home — to Sydney. He kept his bed for ' a month after he reached it ; but, I am happy to say, has long since recovered his health and spirits. He was a guest at the wedding of Miss Emily Pounce box (now Mrs. Zebedee Jenes) last April. His whiskcre are even more resplendent than they were' in past years ; his affection for his native land is s'.Ul as strong ; and bis contempt for Australian people and things is even more bitter than before. ' I say, Fred,' said Harry Thompson, when we had all done laughing at the misadventures of Fred's hero, ' you're rather too hard upon the new chums, old fellow,' ' and he shook his head in deprecation. ''Why, there isn't one of the fellows,' replied Fred, ' that don't believe all I've said, just as much as my friend Miffle. Will you lay your hand upon your heart, Harry, and say upon your honour that you don't think this great, glorious, and free country isn't fit to be named in the same breath with England.' Thompson made a voluble reply, but he didn't lay his hand upon his heart as he had been required to do. 'Look here,' called out Tom, 'it takes a man to be a lifetime in this country to know what it really is, and what it's really worth ; and you can't expect men' who've only been here a few months to find every thing out in that time.' 'I've seen enough already to show me,' Harry admitted, ' that there's more room here fora man to move, and a much better chance for him to push ahead, than there is in England.' 'You're right,' responded Tom, 'and the best ' way to get on is to begin' with nothing, for then a man's more careful, and if he isn't careful he may as well shut up at once. Just look round the country - «nd see the numbers of men well off end respected that have commenced their career as shepherds or hutkeepets, and by industry and frugality have be come the leading men in their districts.' 'There's many ef them,' added Fred, 'and I' may eay that what I like best in them is, that they are not ashamed of what they have been ; but boast, as they have a right to do, of the success that has crowned their exertions.' 'And in many cases,' I put in, 'make this a home for relatives and dear friends whom they have rescued from poverty in the mother country.' ' I know a case in point,' said the doctor, ' and if you dOn't mind I'll tell you the tale,' and amidst loud cries of ' Hear, hear,' he commenced THE DOCTOR'S STORY. It is thirteen years this Christmas-tide since the events I am about to relate. I was surgeon of the ship Walrus, on my first voyage to Melbourne. Amongst the emigrants were Bryan Grady and his wife Bridget, his daughters Nora and Judy, two buxom, blue-eyed girls, and three ragged-headed gossoons, ' with cheeks like thumping red potatoes,' as the old song says. Fat, Mike, and Denis played more mis chievous pranks on board than the boatswain's baboon, and the frequent whacks with the thin end of their father's Bhillelah were apparently as inopera tive as gentle words to deaf bears. While watching the capers of those youngsters I have semetimes been strongly inclined to Monboddo's whimsical notion, 'that men are monkeys with their tails rubbed off.' Bryan Grady was an unsophisticated, honest-hearted Irishman, with a merry face, twinkling eyes, and an active tongue strongly tipped with the brogue. His wife was a quiet little woman, without the least pretensions to ° anything out of the common ; in fact, the whole family were of the humblest class of Irish peasantry. They had long ' struggled with hard times in the ould country,' as Bryan remarked, ' an shure enough dochter, everything was dead against us, an it was nigh starvin we wor, though it was hard enough we toiled for the rags on our backs on the bit o' viotuals we ate, which vas'nt enough to kape us from bein cowld an hungry.' ' What are you going to do in Australia r ' I asked him one evening, as he was sitting on the windUss smoking his little blaek dudheeu. ' Troth an I can't tell yen that, sir,' he replied, running his fingers through his grizzly locks. 'I don't knew what I'll do at all, but It's mighty little I frit meself abeut that same, cos we're not half-way there yit. I'm able an willin to work, thank (Sod, an the bheys and girrls are rale good workers too, so it ullbe hard enough iv we don't pick up a clan;, honest crust. Anyhow we can't be worse off nor we wor in the land beyont, unless we are stripped an starved out an out. Besides me brother Teddy is in Austral y somewheres, an iv I can ony find him he'll help me on a bit nirer fear — that is iv he's able to do it j an iv he is'nt, why dash itall we can he'p ourselves an no thanks to nobody, as the rats sed whin they got into ould Mulligan's granary.' 'In what part of Australia does your brother reside ?' I asked. ' Shure an* I don't know where he is at all, sir ; I whith I did know, as the constable said whin he was tryin to catch the chap who robbed the church. Teddy ran away from home many years agone, when he was a gossoon not much bigger nor my bhoy Mike. He sint us a letther soon afterwards, to tell us that he wasn't drowned on the voyage to Sydney, and that he wos goin' up the counthry to some out landish place wid a long whuzzy buzzy name that I cud niver spake widout coughin', an which I've clane forgot yean agone. That's all 1 know about Teddy ; but maybe I'll find him ene ov these days, an' he'll be plaised enough to see me, I'll wager, for its twins we were whin we were bhoys, an' as much alike as two wild rabbits, ony he'd got a dale more gumption nor meself, which was plain enough from his rinnin away from poverty, white 1 stopped in it till it pritty nieh ate the heart clane out ov me. Och hone ! an' thire's a mighty lot ov poor hungry souls in ouid Ireland, so there is, wus luck.' * * * Soon after the Walrus's arrival in Melbourne I took steamer for Sydney, intending to stay there a month or two, in order to secure the best season of the year for returning home by way of Cape Horn. I went to stay with my old college friend, Grant, who was living in tolerably good style, in a pleasant part of Sydney. The day before Christmas I had been strolling about the city, looking at the numerous well-stocked pro vision shops, and the fruit market, and contrasting the sultry dusly atmosphere with Christmas neither at the antipodes. I returned in the afternoon, weary, worm, and dusty .to my friend's house, and stretching myself on a sofa in hiB sanctum, was watching the pertinacious attempts of a grey mosquito to tap my nose, when Grant walked in. with a letter ia his hand. 'I have been looking for you Mac. Hero is an invitation for you to accompany me to a dinnerparty to-morrow, at my friend O'Grady's. I hope you are not otherwise engaged,' he said tossing the letter to me t) read. 'Your friend, O'Grady, is not a scholar,' slid I, emiliug, as I returned the quaintly worded note of imitation, 'However, he miy be a clever fellow for all that, and I am sure he is a respectable mun or you would not own his acquaintance, i will go with pleasure.' ' O'Grady is certainly not a scholar, as you re ? mark,' said Grant, ' still he has a large share of good practical sense, with general information, and a vein of native humour which the most prosy sovant in the land would appreciate ; in short, he is a capital fellow, and you will enjoy his company- — for I kaow yuu love thorough men, whatever their conditioa in life may be. His wife is a high-bred lady ; peril ips u little too stately beside her uncultured spjuse, but v. iihala kindheavted woman. O'Grady's histery is ! other an amusing one. He came to this colony thirty j ca:s ago, a mere lad, or a baie-legged gossoon — to -EC hi6 own words. He went into the busli, and ten j cars afterwards he won the heart of a rich wido -v, ?.*ilk his handsome face and hi* blarneying ways ; and no tv he owns several stations in the interior, and I don't know how many houses in Sydney besides. He is member for Midgyborough ; and though he admits that it is mighty little he knows of political science, be has more influence in ' the House * than many men of greater pretensions. In his own house he is one of the most hospitable, off-hand, humourous Irish man that 1 have ever met with ; but ysu shall see him and judge for yourself.' Next day my friend Grant and I drove to Derry down Hall, which was a stylish mansion, charmingly t-ituated in the most fashionable suburb of Sydney. We were met at the door by our host, whose hearty, ikAwiAigr oalti+A aoaiivod mo ttittt T w*e welaaM^ «ot« than the most polished address would have done. I fancied I had seen him before, but could net remem ber where. His wife received me with stately eti quette, sad presented me to her daughters, three tall handsome girls, whoBe bearing mere resembled mamma than papa. There were about a dozen other guests in the drawing-room, and the hostess expressed to Grant her regret st the absence of others — whs had been invited — through a sudden family bereavement. I need not minutely describe the house and its con tents, -suffice it to eay that the mansion was commo dious ; it was furnished in elegant style, and its sur roundings showed, a rare combination of natural and artistic beauties. The company were in that peculiar state of suspense which is often observable a few minutes before the hour for dinner, each one seeming undesirous of beginning a conversation, which might be ab ruptly terminated by the 'Summons, to adjourn to the dining-room, when suddenly the awkward silence was broken by noisy voices -in the hall, accompanied with sounds of blows and scuffling. I had a few minutes before observed a spring-cart, full of men and women, pass the windows tun areis the front door of the house. ' Och bad manners to yez ! ye pickled pork-faced spalpeen ! what do ye mane by kickin' me down the steps an spilin me bist hat r' uttered an excited voice, which sounded familiarly in say ears. ' Be the hoky iv ye lift yer hoof to me agin, I'll knock yer big head into brawn, so I will. Go an tell yer masther I want him, an bad cess to yez.' 'Be off I tell you! you can't see Mister O'Grady to-day,' said the footman. ' Be off is it ! Wheugh 1 an who are you to tell me I can't see him, when I've come a hundred thousand miles amost on purpose, och Mike what next ! I'll bet a penny ye'll see somethin yorself pretty quick that you won't like above a bit ; 5 'ell git the dhirty kick out by an bye, an ge howlin' home like a hound wid a bad leg, or maybe ye'll get yerblatherin head put in a sack, an sarve ye right for yer itnperence.' ' Get out you saucy ragamuffin !' said the servant angrily, at the same time we heard a heavy thud out side, and the door was slammed to. It was evident that the intruder had been pushed out of the house, which seemed a clear indication that he was not wel come in it. Hallo ! hallo ! what's all that whiriy burly about, I'd like to know?' exclaimed the host, walking from the farther end of the drawing-room as though iutent upon going into the hall to investigate the cause of the uproar. At that instant a man, covered with dust, presented himself at one of the open French windows, holding a battered hat in his hands. 'Arrah be the livin' jingo! iv that isn't Teddy himself!' shouted the man, dropping his hat and springing into the room. ' Savin' yer prisease, ladies and jintlemen, an axin yer pardon for gcttin in at the nindee like a thief, I've come to see me brother, an here he is sure enough, God bless him ! He's the ony Eon ov me mother, barrin meself an me sisther Meg. Troth, I'd know him in the middle ov a regiment ov sogers, iv they wos all as nakid as skinned wcasils— so I wud\ Teddy, honey! an don't ye know ycr own darlint brother Bryan?' he added, adviuc iug nearer, with his eyes full of affectionate earnest ness. The host stood for a moment as if petrified with amuzement, while his handsome face twitched with emotion. Then a hnppy smile began to play round his mouth, but almost simultaneously he burst into a flood of tears, and flung himself into the open arms of the dusty man, whom I at once recognised as my humble friend Bryan Grady ; at the same time I observed his wife and five children grouped round the window, staring into the room, with facet expressive oi wonder and delight at the moving scene. The Burprised. looks of the guests, and the very natural embarrassment of the hostess and her daughter, at the unexpected arrival of relatives with whom they were wholly unacquainted, would have made a rare picture. ' But you must imagine all that, 1 cannot describe it,' continued the doctor. Releasing himself from the athletic hugs of his brother, Bryan blundered out an apology to the guests, then turning to the group at the window he exclaimed. ' Arrah, come inside here, ivery one ov yee, Nora and Judy darlints ! kiss yer uncle tinderly. Bhoys take yer skull caps off an wipe your noses. Bridget jewel! this is me brother Teddy, as ye' ve heard me rotation a million o' times. Long life to him, and God bless everybody else.' ' Wisha ! wisha ! an' is that Teddy himself now ? Shure I'm rite glad to see yez, honey I ' said Bridget, humbly approaching to take the proffered hand of the host. ..Then the girls, pushed onward by their father, timidly drew near to kiss their sobbing .uncle, while the boys were making a series of bows to the whole cempany, in a style peculiar to peasant boys ia general, and shuffling about on the velvet-pile carpet like young bears on hot tiles. ' Save us iv there iB'ntDoctherM'Merryherc too,1' exclaimed Bryan, as he caught sight of me for the first time ; then in the same breath he said to his boy Denis, 'rin and tell Barney not to go away wid the cart, we'll be wid him in a jiffy. Och philleloo, ?whack! good luck to this happy day! who'd ha thought ov secin all this fun at onst? Troth an I'm feard its ony draining I am afther all.' ' Stay toy,' cried the host, as Denis was bounding through the window, ' Ye shall all stay an' dine with me, every one ov ye. It is'nt meself that would sind any mortal out ov me house hungry on a blissed Christmas-Day, not a bit ov it. Ye're all honest and clean, I'll be bound, though ye're not rigged out in tupcrior gear ; an' anybody prisent who is ashamed ov me lor doing what's right and fair to me own flesh and blood may go an git his dinner somewhere else if he likes. That's all I've got to say, running no ofiince nathir.' In order to shorten my story, I pass over the comi cally expressed objections of Bryan and his wife to dine with elegant company, the good-natured way the hostess seconded her husband's hearty invitation to his humble relatives, the cordial manner in which the guests received the strangers, and the thorough enj -yment sf the whole amusing scene, and simply record that soon afterwards the whole family were seated at the lower end of the dining-table, in the places of the absent friends before alluded to, and dinner was served up in grand style. To relieve the embarrassment of the party to some extent, I arranged to sit at the lower end of the table too, and it was only by extraordinary effort that I preserved becoming gravity during that meal, as I witnessed the awkward - ness, of the boys, and the cnxiety of their father ' to make thim behave dacintly before their supariors.' 'Arrah, Mike! look out that ye don't poke that big fork in yer eye. Shure an ye niver ate yer dinner wid sich a tool as that afore,' and Bryan, in a loud whisper, and in the same breath he added — ' Pat, where's yer new pocket hancher what I bought ycr yestreen ? Be dacint, can't yez. Norak jewel ! it Ls 'nt manners to be houldin that turkey's leg wid both hand6 ; an' don't be shovin yer elbow into Judy's mouth naythir. Dash that bhoy Denis ! kick him Bridget. Bad scran to him, look at him now, the greedy spalpeen ! Och, I'm ashamed ov yez outright, so I am,' he vociferated, with a severe look across the table at the culprit, who had taken a tureen of mint 6auce — which was before him — and ?was supping it with the ladle, in utter ignorance that he was transgressing the rules of etiquette. ' How did you discover your brother's where abouts, Bryan?' I asked, hoping to relieve his chagrin by engaging him in a little conversation. ' It was mighty curious altogether, sir, I winl about Melbourne every day for a month or more, aKiug everybody I met wid iv they knowed Teddy Grady ; but not a sowl culd tell me a haporth about him, an I was afeard I'd never find him at all, in this great bis counthry. But as good luck wild have it, I wint on board the steamer what had jist come in from Sydney one rnornin, an axed the captin, who was a rale sir.sible-lookm' man, an* sob he to me, ' I know a jintlornan in Sydney, named Edwin O'GraJy, Esquire, M.L.A.' ' Shure that is'nt me brother Teddy, Sir,' ses I, ?' for he is'nt a squire, nor a Malay naythir; he's an Irishman every bit ov him, an' there isn't a single tint ov black blood in his carcass, I'll engage.' The captain laughed, an' ses he, - What sort ov a lookin chap is this brother Teddy ov yours?' 'Dear knows what he looks like now, Sir,' ses I ; ' but he was a rale broth ov a bhoy thirty years agone ; jist like meself, en* not a morsel or differance atween us, ony he'd got more sinse in his head nor me.' ' I know him well enough,' ses the captain ; ' he has often sailed wid me. Hasn't he got a scar jist over his nose ? ' 'To be shure he has, Sir/ says I, ' an' well enough I ought to know it, too, for it was meself as made it for him. We was havin' a bit ov sport one day, in Larry Flynn's barrn, an' me sthick slipped an' hit Teddy a little bit too hand, wus luck, an' pretty nigh knocked his nose off altogether. That's him safe enough, Sir, ses I, an' though he's got a little 0 nailed afore his name, an' a kape ov jinglin' titles afiher it, like tin pots to a dog's tail; his me own brother Teddy, an all the whizzinags in the world won't alter it, soh. I'll go an see him pritty quick,' ses I. Eo I shouldered me luggage an took all them crathers wid me on board an empty col ier brig, en the captain gave us a passage chape bekase we fiund our own victuals an slept on the stone ballast in the hold ; an here we are all on us safe and sound — thank God — an there's me btother Teddy too beyant, lookin as grand as the Lord Mayor ov Dublin, — long life to him. Troth its the merriest Christmas Day I've ever seed in my life, so it is, though that long flunkey there, in the yellow breeches, knocked me epinnin down the steps, an made this big bump on top ov me head. But niver mind that, good luck to everybody, that's all I've got to say. Arrah, Pat what a gorf ye must be to go an choke yerself wid that red hot what-you-may- call-cm ! ' added Bryan with a re proving glance at his son who was sneezing and coughing immoderately, having eaten a large capsi cum, supposing it to be an Australian plum. After the cloth was removed, the host— who had been unusually thoughtful during dinner — rose, and in a rich musical voice spoke as follows. 'My dear friends, I'm not a man to spake much, and dear knows some ov the fellows 'who gabble a mighty dale had better be quiet, there may be fewer folks would know they were sich fools. I'm ploised to see ye all here to-day, and though there are more here than I invited, there's not one that is'nt welcome. Frinds, whin I look beyant there (pointing to his brother's family), I feel like a fellow who has just been caught cheating a poor blind man, and that's a fact. Its more nor thirty years since I seen tliim crathcrs ; laEtways I did'nt know the young uub at all thin, bekose they was'nt born ; but as I was going to say, I've bin in this counthry living in luxury, rolling in riches, as the Baying is, and not a blissed thought did 1 think about me poor frinds at home, till they all walked in at me windeo this morning to ate their Christmas dinner wid me. Troth they might all have bin starved outright for all I knowed, or all I cared either, and I could aisily have eint them a good big Christmas-box ivery year, widout hurting meself die Iaste bit in life ; but I did'nt do it, more shame to me, and its a wonder to me that God did'nt take all me money away from me, for being so greedy. I'm worse ner a haylhin, u. mighty dale, bekase 1 knew what was me duty and I didn't de it. Shure many 's the time I've read in me Bible, 'Whoso hath this world's good and seeth his brother have need, and shuttclh up his bowels of compas sion from him, hew dwclleth the love of God in him ?' Poor Bryan 1 you've bin in need bad enough, and I'm rale sorry I didn't help you ; but I'll be a brother to ye from this out, honey, niver fear, and may God forgive my past neglect. You shall niver see hard times agin, Bryan, if I can help it, take my word for that.' Hero the host's voice faltered, and his eyes filled with tears, while all the company showed sympathy. ' Aisy, dailint !' said Bryan, rising as his brother was about to say more ; ' whisht a bit, Teddy, dear, . an' let me spake a word or two.' Bryan's address would, doubtless, have been very pathetic, but unluckily at that moment a pet kang garoo bounded across the lawn towards the window. 'Ovr! ew! ow!' yelled the boys in concert; 'och, what a rum-lookin' donkey — look at his tail!' shouted Dan, standing up and pointing to the animal, while his mother and sisters opened their mouths wide, in wonder and consternation. ' Yer'e a donkey ycrsclf, and bad manners to yez !' vociferated Bryan, at the same time giving Dan a cuff on the head for his breach of decorum. A simultaneous burst of laughter from the whole com pany drowned Don's howls, and the balance of Bryan's speech too. But I must soon end my long story, said the Doctor. I cannot tell you all that took place at Derrydown Hall on that merry Christ mas Bay, unless I keep you here all night ; but it was certainly one of the pleasantest days I have spent in the colony. O'Grady faithfully kept his promise, and soon afterwards settled his humble relatives on a snug farm at Xllawarra. In a few yean the boys and girls formed comfortable homes for themselves; and Bryan has now a score or more of blooming Australian grand children. He blesses the lucky day that he landed on these Bhores ; and on every Christmas day he standB up at the head of his well-filled board, and shouts 'long life to his twin-brother Teddy,' till all the children around him laugh like merry little elves, and bis good wife's eyes overflow with love and grati tude. ? ' There, you see,' said Fred, laughing as the Doctor concluded, ' even the Doctor could not let the new chums alone. He only made him respectable after he'd settled down into an old colonist.' 'Never mind, Harry,' I suggested, 'do you spin the next yarn, and give the respectable old colonist a bit of a lift up in return for their jokes upon you.' Harry's face brightened for an instant, but then looked doleful again as he replied, ' I don't know any colonial yams, I've never had any adventures.' 'What,' cried Tom, in mock horror, 'youayoung man of five and twenty, been three years in the colony and still unwounded by the bright blue eyes of the A ustialian girls ! For shame. ' ' Harry blushed, as if he really had admitted to a fault, as he murmured out ' but that ain't an ad venturer' 'To love not an adventure!' exclaimed Fred, taking up Tom's vein of humour, ' why it's the staple of all the novels that ever were written. A novel without love would be as dull and as uninteresting, as rum punch without the rum.' *' But until I came up here, I was never out of Sydney — that is not farther than the train ruiiB.' ' And do you mean to say now that you never had a railway adventure, never metasweetyoung scrump tious creature in the train ?' 'No, I don't recollect.' 'Nor yet at a picnic party. Now come, b a can did.' Harry paused and considered, and then said, ' Th.e lost time I went out with a picnic party I met the plcasantest lady I have seen in the colony.' ' Hurrah ! ' shouted Fred, ' now for Harry's confession.'' 'There's no confession,' he went on, '-but that reminds me that this same lady told her story — they were sitting round spinning yarns the same as we are now — and as her's was a very good one, 1 11 give it you if you like, as near as I can in her own wordjs.' ' Well done, old fellow ! ' ' More power U- you,' and a dozen other salutations greeted him. ' I must tell you,' he commenced, ' that we were picnicing on the George's River, and this Udy I have mentioned preferred to cook the supper. She was a bright-eyed, blooming, happy- tasking woman of two or three and thirty ; just at that age when according to Talleyrand (no mean judce in beaut}') an. Englishwoman is irresistible. Alert as well as graceful, her movements caught and detained the eye ; you felt as it were instinctively, that whatever she did would be neatly and cleverly done. Her dress was simple, but in excellent taste, and suited to the hot season ; a loose jacket and skirt of light undyed China silk, with a straw hat whose breadth of brim rendered veil and parasol almost a superfluity. Her hands were small and daintily gloved, and perhaps it was this trait which chiefly prompted an exclamation from the stout female in the yellow shawl, ' Lor', Miss, you doan't mean to say you knows owt about cooking?' 'Don't I, though?' she replied, with a merry laugh (drawing off a glove at the same time, and ' pointing to her wedding-ring) ' why I'm a perfect cook's oracle ! Nay,' she continued in a graver tone, ' I believe I owe my greatest happiness in life— and I have been a very happy woman— to my skill in cookery.' Here the stout female again ejaculated, ' Lor ! ' lifting her heavy hands in amazement, and then folding them across her ample person; while the younker in the riding- boots was heard to mutter behind his pipe a word very like ' gammon.' 'Yes,' she continued, 'I'm not gammoning, as tbat young gentleman so delicately suggests (here the culprit moved uneasily, as if just becoming aware that he was seated on an anfe-nest) ; the critis of my life, as the novelists say, was really and ttuly the ' cooking of a Christmas dinner ! ' Here there was a general chorus of inquiry, how, when, and where this great culinary success had been achieved. It must be such a queer tale ; in fact, it was just the ' one more story ' that was wanted. A few bluBhcE— a little hesitation, as if from a con sciousness that there was delicate ground to be trodden, and the young matron, -with singular dis tinctness and fluency, commenced h hat we will call THE GOVERNESS'S STORY. It is nearly thirteen years since I left England for Australia. I was then tt girl of nineteen, knowing very little of the world, but having a strODg belief (which I have since found very precious) that it was n kind of place where a person who was in earnest might find something useful to do. As a clergyman's daughter, the second of a numerous family, I had been early tirught to make myself actively useful in various ways — visiting the poor mid sick, teacliing in the village school, looking after my younger brothers end sisters, and doing a great deal of household work that you dou't care to hear about. Ae we all grew up, and the boys had to be sent to school, papa was very much pinclied, and could hardly make both ends meet. It wbb clearly time for some of us to be cam ing something. Ellen (that's my eldest sister — she's married now to the Dean of L ? ) couldn't be spared from the parish ; besides, though she was cleverer than I, she wasn't half so Btrong. So I made up my mind to go out as a governess. Mamma cried a great deal, and the little ones were in a sad way ; but I hud made up my mind, and the thing was soon settled. A dear old godmother gave me my outfit, and I sailed for Melbourne, where I wag assured, through some friends who had emigrated to Victoria, that I should easily find employment. And bo it proved. Within a week after my landing I found myBelf engaged as governess in a merchant's family, at a salary of £60 a year. Mrs R ? was a kind motherly woman, very deBirous that her girls should be better educated than she herself had been. Mr. R ? was a fussy little man, with a long purse and a broad person, fond of company and good living, and good-natured enough except when something went wrong with his digestion. His chief anxiety in life was to keep his cook in good training ; he gave her £100 a year, and kept up a vigorous domestic po'.ice to prevent her getting at the brandy-bottle. There were three children — two nice little girls, one II and the other 9 years of age, and a sturdy little boy of 3, who had a wonderful knack of converting things in general into horses and whips. I have seen him astride of the coal-scuttle, flogging it with hi* sister's cash.. But he was a dear little fellow for all i hat, and very fond of me, as indeed I think they all were. For I have no sentimental story to tell about solitude, and neglect, and contemptuous usage from under-bred people, such as one reads of in romances. I was very considerately treated, as a friend and not as a dependent, and when I joined the drawing-room circle after dinner, I had quite as much notice as I wished from the friends of the family. Several of them, especially a Mr. Blank, a barrister (tint wasn't his real name, you know, but it will do instead of a better at present), were very musical ; and is I could play pretty well, and understood part-singing, I was ' much in demand whenever music was in question. Mr. Blank was a very clever man. who could do plenty of things besides singing ducts ; and. he would often give ins useful hints about literature and education, lend me books, or maps, and clear up grammatical puzzles. Sometimes he would come into the schoolroom when little Ada was taking her lessonB— the was the younger of the gills, and his own godchild — and do some teacliing in. his own queer way, as I then thought it, asking all sorts of strange out-of-the-way questions, and then working round unexpectedly to the point he wanted to get at. I remember once ho said he would teach us something about the early Roman history ; and he legan by asking me how far back the register in my father's parish went ! Then he had so many clever ways of illustrating things, that the children seemed always to remember what he taught them. Ah, if people wouldn't fight so much about systems of education, but would do their very best to get good and able men to teach, there would not be such a terrible amount of ignorance about ; we should 'nave more children in our schools, and fewer men and women in our gaols. But I am running away from my story, which ought by this time to have brought me to that eventful Christmas Day and the cooking adventure connected with it. Well, time flipped away busily and pleasantly. I liked my woik (as most people would, if they knew what wa» good for them) ; I liked my employers and my pupils. I had good news from England, and had sent home a bill for ten pounds — saved out of my own earnings — to go towards Charley's schooling ; and, altogether, I kept up my cheerfulness pretty well, even when Christmas came— the first Christmas I ever spent away frcm home. But how strange it all seemed to me. How unlike my old recollections of Cliristmos! Open windows and mosquito curtains instead of lighted stoveB and blazing fives ; light nvusYns and parasols instead of thick stuffs, fur tippets, and dreadnought cloaks. Ices to be eaten, instead of ice to skate or slide upon. But what seemed strang est of all was the style of Christmas decoration— the wreaths of clusters of bright but fading flowers instead of the branches of evergreen with which we used to dress the dear old house at home. I dare say you will think me very silly, but somehow this con trast quite overcame me. I remembered a little song tliat we used to eing in chorus every Christmw — ' Bright on tbc holly-lough, Bed beads of coral grotr— Pearls od ihc ruisletoe, See hovt- they shine !' And all the old familiar faces came back to me, and 1 had a goed cry. But I don't think any Christian ought to be sad for long together at Christmas time. I soon dried my eyes, and went to church with Mrs. R. and the children; gathering cheerfulness from the bright sky and warm breeze. I bad returned from church and was seated with my companions at an early dinner of turkey and mince pic-E (for English people maintain their old habits in defiance of climate) when Mr. R. bounced in with an. air of violent excitement. ' Just my luck, Emily,' he cried ; ' here we've a dozen people coming to din ner to-night, and deuce a scrap will there be for them to cat.' ' Why, what can have happened, my dear?' said his wife. ' Won't the new stove draw }'' ' New stove ! indeed — it's that old jade of a cook ; she has filched the brandy you gave her for our mince-pies, and she is as drunk as Chloe. What on earth are we to do for a dinner?' ' Indeed, Joha,' was the answer, ' I'm fairly puzzled ; I know nothing about cooking— more shame for me — and if I did, the heat of the kitchen in this weather would give me a bilious headache in ten minutes. Couldn't we send and hire some one t' ' Why, I suppose we might,' replied the gentlemen, ' if it were any day but Chrismas . Day; but what with the number of dinners to be . cooked and the number of holiday ' outs,' as I think the housemaids call them, I don't believe there's a chance of finding so much as a pastrycook's assistant dis eng- ged this afternoon. And it's 2 o'clock now, and I asked the people for sharp G, that the young ones might have the dining-room for a romp in the evening !' The case really looked serious ; so I ventured to inquire whether all the materials for the dinner had been sent in. There was plenty of everything, Mr. R. said, if the weather had not spoilt it. 'In that case,' said I (for I was really edtty for him), ' if Nornh's in the kitchen, I think I can manage to turn you a tidy dinner myself; but you mustn't expect too much, Mr, R., and you mustn't be vexed if I'm .a little behind time.' They both caught eagerly at my proposal— indeed it was ' Hobson's choice ' for them— and were full of thanks to me, though I could see that Mr. B. had his misgivings about my success. However, there was no time to be lost, and down X went into the kitchen, after slipping on a cemmon linen dress and a big apron. I was rather in a fright, for I had never been in the same room with a tipsy woman before, but it was impossible not to laugh at the scene that greeted me on opening the kitchen door. There was cook — a big, brawny woman — half- seated at the kitchen table, half sprawled over it, with her head hanging down and her arms extended. She bad a huge onion clutched in her left hand and a carrot in her right. The carrot she evidently mis took for a knife, for every now and then she raised her head and brought the two together before her nose, peering out through a tangle of black hair and the fragments of a cap preternalurally pushed for ward, at what was meant for a process of scraping. No doubt she fancied herself in the due exercise of her functions, for she kept grunting out orders about the various -works which were or should have been in progress, Judging by the few words I could catch, her chief anxieties seemed to be about a huge turkey (which she hud spitted crosswise, and had let fell across, and all but into the coal- scuttle), and the plum-pudding, the materials for which she had mixed after a fashion, and then spread broadcast over the dieeser instead of consigning them to the pudding cloth. Poor Korah— a willing, good-natured, Irish girl, though puzzle- headed, and by no means handy — stood looking on between distress and amusement, alternately wringing her hands and holding her sides, and uttering short responses to cook's inarticulate directions. ' Saints be wid us, thin ! may I niver ! ' 'And is ltthat-a-way I'd be afther roastin' of it?' ' Ie it wid thirn pig's trotters that she manes me to bo rnnkin the calveb'-ibut jelly f ' 'Sliure thin, and d.ida' t the pusheen cat ate it up before the eyes of ye I' ' ?' Och ! bad luck to it, thin, for a Christmas dinner — I'm just bothered intirely.' But I had no time to stay laughing at the door, so I put a bold face on the matter, stepped into the kitchen, and began giving Norah a few directions, 'which she luckily found intelligible. The tipsy cook (ah ! 'what an odious sight is a woman in liquor !} had a sort of dim notion that some one was poaching on her manor. She did her best to abuse, and I fear, to ewear at roe for my interference— but her utterance grew thicker and thicker. She then tried to rise, evidently with warlike intent, but lost her footing and rolled heavily over the bench te the floor. She ?was finally carried off to bed by two of the footmen, grunting and kicking, with the onion and carrot still grasped firmly in her fists. Then I began work in earnest ; skewering, spitting, chopping, mixing, and tasting, and keeping poor Norah perpetually on the trot in search of miiBing materials — for of course nothing -was in its right place. The heat was terrible, and I don't know how I should have got on but for some occasional cups of tea from the servants' hall. However, one way or another, I got through the ?work. Some vexatious failures were, of course, ?unavoidable. There was no time to boil such a mon ster pudding as had been contemplated, and I had to be content with two small ones. A fine schnapper had been so shockingly mauled — I never could make cut how — that I was obliged to cook it piecemeal. and serve up the fragments cold in a mayonnaise. 'In e how-much ?' inquired the young gent, in boots. Well, in a cold-fish Balad, if you don't like me to call things by their proper names. I remember, too, that when I got a fresh supply of cognac for the mince-pies, I begged for a glass of noyeau to flavour it, -which was thought a great improvement. But my greatest triumph of all was the ice pudding. Ice -was a rare luxury in Melbourne in those days; there was no freezing apparatus known, and it only came in now and then by ship. But Mr. R ? had contrived to get some for the occasion. So I made my ice- pudding in due time, sinking a patty-pan in the top of it, which I rilled above the brim with spirits, and stt fire to them just as it went in, so that the ice -was handed round all in Barnes, like Mount Hecla in an eruption. I had seen this trick several times is England ; but it was new in Melbourne, and I heard afterwards that it made quite a sensation. 'Bear heart!' ejaculated the stout female; 'a jmdden aw friz an' bleezing ! to think o' that'n ! ' Ah ! that was a weary evening. I got through the dinner well, and in pretty good time — but then there was coffee wanted ; and Mr. It ? was very par ticular about his coffee. Then tea and cake wsre wanted for the later guests, and supper for the young folks at 10 o'clock. How I got through it all I don't know; I'm sure I never got ten minutes rest from first to last ; and the worst of it was that I could hear the fun going on up Btairs, running and stamping, and shouts of laughter, in which the voices of young and old blended merrily. The evening had fallen cool with the breeze from the sea, and I knew they were playing atBlindman's Buff, Turn the Trencher, and all the good old Christmas games. Th.cn came music and dancing, and I was very fond of dancing ; indeed, I am so still — I hope it isn't wrong— and every now and then I caught myself thinking of home, and our Christmas merry - making, and mamma playing Sir Roger de Coverley. luckily for me, however, [ was too busy to fret, and you mustn't euppese I was forgotten all this while Sir. R ? sent me down a glass of champagne, and his wife a pretty French box of bonbons. Missy, as ire called my eldest pupil, came dancing in to me with a kiss and a mince-pic, and little Ada brought me some wine jelly, with the special recommendation that 'god-papa said it would do me good.' Even little Harry came rolling up to me, carrying a plate with a huge lump of cake, which I accepted very gratefully, though it bore marks of laving been ' capsized,' as the sailors say, two or three times on its way down the kitchen stairs. Still it was a weary evening's work, and I was more than half asleep, in spite of the sounds of gaiety that never flagged, when about eleven o'clock I crept up stairs to my bedroom. I can only remember that Mr. Blank met me on the landing by the back drawing-room, and shook both hands with me in his hearty way. 'Happy Christmas, Miss M ? . Very tired, eh? and no wonder.' As he turned away to rejoin the dancers, I could hear him say ' Good child — good child,' which I thought was very funny. How soundly I slept that night ! Breakfast was very late the next morning, and all the family took it together. To my surprise, Mr. Slank was also present; but he had already break fasted at home, and contented himself with sipping a cup of tea, and occasionally looking up from his newspaper to take a share in the conversation. My cooking exploits of the previous night were the prin cipal subject, and Mrs. R acknowledged them -with much kindness and evident sincerity. As for Mr. R ? , he held forth in praise of my perform ances, half bantering, half in earnest, but always in superlatives. One dish had been ' the finest thing he ever tasted,' another ' splendid,' a third '? ex quisite ; ' and, whenever other terms failed, the standard colonial term, 'first-rate,' was liberally applied. ' Ah ! Miss M ? ,' he exclaimed at lost, after running through the whole bill of fare in this style, ?with surprising accuracy of memory, 'Ah, Miss M— , I wish I could have a dinner dresEed like that every day of my life !' The tone in ? which he 6aid this seemed really to come fremthe depth, of his heart (or rather of his stomach), and I could see Mr. Blank peering over the edge of his news paper, firBt at him, then at me, evidently much amused by his earnestness. But I answered jokingly, 'Ah, hi, you are quizzing my bad cookery — you know you oughtn't to look a gift horse in the mouth.' He vowed, however, that he was never more in earnest in his life — that nothing would please him better than a daily dinner of my cooking, and so forth. All this while I was gathering courage te say something desperate ; and at last, with a coolness that surprises me now (for I felt that Mr. Slank was -watching me out of 'the tail of his eye '), I made a serious answer. ' Well, sir,' I said, ' that can be easily managed— on one condition. ' And that is ? ? *' That you give me the same wages you have been giving to Sally Holmes.' Poor Mrs. R ? , blushed up to the eyes. Mr. Blank dropped his newspaper, and uttered just the ghost of a whistle. But Mr. R ? , like a practical man as he was, took it all as a mere matter of business. 'Was I in earnest— would I really undertake it ? Yes, indeed, I would, as soon as Sally was out of the house. Mrs. R ? tried hard to get in a word about the children ; but it was oi no use— the high contracting parties both meant what they said, and I left the room with my head full of all the pros and cons of my new engagement. Mr. Blank overtook me in the hall. ' Forgive me, Miss M ? ,' said he ; ' do you really know what you have undertaken ? ' 'I hope I do,' was my somewhat faint reply. 'And do you really, truly prefer the kitchen to the schoolroom r ' ?'Of course not,' I rejoined, half pettishly ; 'it ia no question of preferences, only a matter of £ s. d.' ?'Forgive me once more — have you ns fear of losing caste f' By this time I was getting nervous ; but I managed to 6peak to him without sobbing. ' I can't help that ; I want the money for Charlie's school ing.' 41 1 wish ,' he began ; but what he wished he didn't tell me— at least not then— for just then the dining room door opened ; he grasped my hand for a mo ment, and then hurried past me to take hU hat. But as he went I could hear him muttering as before, *' good child, good child.' My story is pretty nigh ended. I did make the strange descent from the schoolroom to the kitchen ; from mueic to mutton- cutlets ; from French verbs to French shucee. I did manage for one full month to I-leaBc Mr. R ? 's fastidious palate, and earn my liberal salary. But more than this, I contrived to find a spare hour every day for the little girls' music-lesson. And somehow it happened — of course, quite accidentally, that Mr. Blank fre quentl) dropped in during this lesson-time. He was very fond of his goddaughter certainly, but gradually I came to perceive that he had something is view besides watching little Ada's progress. And I was not very much surprised, when, at the end of my cooking-month, he found an opportunity of telling me what that something was. He said that I had been in his thoughts ever since that Christmas dinner — that a girl who was ready to take so much trouble for her friends, and make such sacrifices for her family ? 'Well, I don't know exactly what he said, but I kfiow we had a very delightful ramble by the river side that evening, and a few days more made me a very happy wife to the kindest of husbands. Mrs. Blank, at your service.' And she swept a playful curtBey, ' But, Mann,' said the stout female; as soon as the applause had a little subsided, ' bea'nt there no morccl to it ? My owd man always says a taale ben'nt nowt wi'oot a morrel.' Well — I can't say much in the shBpe of a moral. But there are three things that I've made up my mind about ever since I've had a house and family of my own. First, that every girl, especially in a new country, ought to understand something of house keeping — even to the cooking of a Christmas dinner. Secondly, that no mistress of a Christian family ought to expect wonders of her household, or lay heavy burthens on them which she would not touch with her own little finger. And, lastly, without the slightest disrespect to my worthy friend Mr. R ? and his admirable kitchen, — I am fully convinced that no earthly object ought to be dearer to parents than the education of their children. And now, I must look after the flappers ! 'I say, master Harry, ' cried Fred,' you're rather clever at that sort of thing. Do you mean to say you did'nt makeup that now?' ' I've told it to you just as I heard it,' answered Harry innocently. ' Honour bright ! and didn't you sleep at the old respected colonists with your Mr. K ? ?' 'I never dreamt of it.' Fred gave a sigh. ' Well, I gave you credit fer more brains than it seems you possess. Come, master Fred,' he said, turning to me, ' You're not going to get out of it.' I pleaded my recent indisposition, and the orders of the doctor, but these would have been altogether without avail, had I EOt turned to the men and added, ' Some of you chaps here are sure to have yarns a great deal more interesting than any I can spin.' ' We'll hare them afterwards ; but we'll have you first.' ' Lock there Fred, just look at Phil White,' and I pointed to the campkeeper. ' Why he's got a yarn as long as your arm, almost walking eut of his mouth.' ' Well, now I look at him, I think he can spin a yam.' It wanted no more than this. Phil was fairly burn ing to have a cut in amongst, and as soon as this half peimiEEion was given, he went off at score with — THE CAMP-KEEPER'S STORY. Spin you a yarn — why, lor bless you — I could spin you yarns from now to to-morrow mornin' — an' all about things, too, that you'd never believe, hardly. You don't know that I was once in the Sydney police. Well, I was. Five and twenty years ago, I was a smart young feller, I can tell yer. I wasn't a reglar policeman, but I was what they called then a perlice runner; andluseter have to do what the detectives now do. There weren't any detectives them days. Well, I've had many queer cases come into my hands ; and many a one I've hammered out by my own judg ment. But, lor bless yer, there ain't one case in twenty that's bowled out that way. It's all informa tion—that's the secret. Talk about the detectives being clever— it's all gammon! Half of 'em would be nowhere if it was not for their being in and in with cross coves, and such like, and getting a hint there and word there. You know they always begin their evidence with — 'From information I received' — well, that's just it. Mind you, I don't pretend to say that there ain't some of the detectives downright smart fellers, who can reckon a man up and read him off like a book, andean put this and that together till they make something of it, and can start off from a button Bhank found in a dust hole till they bring a caBe bang home to a feller ; but most part of 'em are no use at all only for the ' information received.' As I was faying, I was a smart young chap them days, and had been in the Bow-street lot, not regular, but doing odd jobs ; an' I was sent out from the Bo w etreet office over a little business that I managed to the satisfaction of everybody except the cove who got seven year by my work, after that they made me an offer to join the perlice here, an' I took it and stopped in Sydney. But, lor, we had no trouble hunting out cases in them days. Information came in like one o'clock about everything we wanted to know. There was Government men and ticket men everywhere, and everyone of 'em ready at a moment's notice to give information to the perlice about anything they knowed of. I never see such a set for selling each other. Why, talk about honour amongst thieves! Its all gammon. There ain' t nothing of the kind. From what I've seen of em, I should say that the greater honour amongst thieves was to be the first to turn King's evidence, to sell his mates, and get off himself. That's about their honour. Then, you know, the Go vernment man used to get a ticket for any little infor mation ; and the ticket man used to get a conditional pardon, and so they worked in and in with each other Bed sold each other, and it was who should be first to come it. Why, there's many of 'em has put up robberies, just to sell their pals, and get freedom for themselves. Co you recollect the time old Miles was Police Ma gistrate in Sydney ? He came after Colonel Wilson. He was sent out from home apurpoBeto take charger the perlice, and was about as big a muff at perlice work as ever I see. Well, all the old leery coves amongst the Government hands used to give informa tion to head quarters so as to make friends for them selves. Of course then they went to Muster Miles and they told what they knew to him ; and then he used to let me into it just as much as suited him and no more. That didn't suit me, you know, 'cos I oughter have been told everything so as to be tip to the mark. What were the consequences ? Why, I often used to do things that would stagger him and upset all his calculations — 'cos why ? — I wanted to get to the bottom of what was done, and whatever I did always turned out best in the end. When these chaps gave information it was mostways to suit their own purposes, and not benefit the public, and it was public dooty as I thought on. I'll just tell you one case that I got to the bottom of, by dis obeying orders and working on my own ideas. There'd been a good many robberies of stores round about the Queen's Wharf. That was then the most business part of Sydney ; most of the merchants lived round about there, and they was all stores and that like. They call it Lower George-street now, and low enough it is, goodness knows ! Well, for about a fortnight there was hardly a morning without infor mation coming in of a store being broke into. We'd get private information that a robbery was to be done one plnce, and whilst we were all on the watch there it would be done somewheres else. Well, it was quite clear, from examinations I made, that these cracks had all been done by the same parties, and most of 'em with the same tools, too. I was reglar beat, for though I tried all I knowed the things were done so cleverly that no clue whateomever was to be got. At last one afternoon, MuBter Miles comes to me, an' says he, 'Sergeant While,'— I was a sergeant, you see, in the perlice them dayB, — 'Sergeant,' says he, 'its all right, this time. I've got infor mation from a man as I know I can depend on, Jackson's stores being put up, and it's to be cracked to-night.' ' Worry goad,' says I, 'an' who's come it: ' So says he, ' That ain't to be told.' ' Werry good again,' gays I, 'an1 what's the orders f ' ?' JuBt these here,' says he, ' you'll take two men, and you'll plant them under the Colonnade in Bridge-street. Somewhere about two o'clock, if the thing comes off right — an' I'll take care of that— there'll be four men come round from the back by the sider the Tank Stream. Let the fust of the four go and take the other three.' ' Oh,' says I, ' let the fust one go.' ' Yes,' say* he, ' the fust.' ' Is it him as has come it?' says I. 'You've got nothing to do with that — you obey yeur orders.' ' Werry good,' says I, and away I goes ; but thinks I to myBelf, ' If I don't have a look at what that there fust man is like, call me a Dutchman.' Well, you know, at night I took two men with me — chapB I knew, and that I could depend upon — and I put them behind the pillars of the Colonnade, so as they wouldn't be easy seen. Now, what d'ye think I told 'em ? Why just this — ' Let the fust man go, and leave him to me ; nail the two next, and never mind the last.' Well, true enough, just after we'd heerd two o'clock, there was a sound of steps and talking, an' then four men comes running into the street from the Tank ditch. They were all tailing off one after the other, and they come upon the footpath straight to the Colonnade. The fuBt cove come along quite bold, and when he secB my men, he says, so as I could hear him, 'Look out — don't let 'em slip ! ' Then when he come to me and see me he says ' All right, Mr, White 1 ' and thought to run putt. But says I, ' It ain't all right yet, though it will be, I hope,' and I dropped my staff down on the top of his head so heavy that it dropped him, and then in a couple of seconds arter wards I had the ruffles on him as neat as you'd wish. 'You're wrong, Mr. White,' Bays hs, 'You're wrong. It's the other three you was to take !' 'I know what I'm a doing on,' says I ; and then I turned my bull's-eye on him, and -when I see who it was you might have knocked me down with a feather, Ihe whole thing come upon me at once. I knew my Dark well ; it was BUI Stacey, a ticket man, and one of the smartest cracksmen that time in Sydney, an' there were some smart chaps, too. 'Hallo ! Bill,' says I, 'so they've been your doing, have they. An' very neat and 'workmanlike they were. Very nearly camfoogled me, but not quite, for I was agoing to lake you for 'em to-morrow without this.' This wasn't true, but then, you know, we have to keep up our reputation with these fellowe. Having got hold of Bill, all the rest was clear enough. I knowd all his kens an' his pals, an' his fences, an' late as it was, afore morning, I'd got to gether a prttty tidy lot of the goods that had been taken fiom the other stores as had been cracked during the week or two afore this. I got up three good cascE against Bill, an' he got fourteen year to Norfolk Island. He wasn't tried for Jackson's robbery, because Muster Miles said he must keep faith with him, although all the best of the swag was found stowed away in Bill's care, and would have have been made all right, if he'd been allowed to go. The other poor devils were unfortunate new chums' of Government men. Bill had tempted 'em into this piece of business for the purpose of selling 'em, and so throwing the down off himself on to them for the other robberies as had been done by him, An' what's more, I found out afterwards that these were the fust ofthelotof robberies that the new chums had any hand in. Poor old Miles was ropablewhen he found as Bill was took ; but I soon squared it with the governor, by telling him as I knew Bill as he passed, and wanted him porticklar for them other affaire— and I had all my cases ready by mornin.' — an' so couldn't resist taking him to save trouble. 'There's no new chum about that,' cried the Super, when Phil had finished. ' I should say not,' said Phil, ' and for the matter of that I can tell you a capital yam about old Colonel Wilson, one time when he was—' aud Phil made another start but this time was pulled up sharp by his master. 'Hold hard, there, 'White! 'he cried, 'you're not going to have it all to yourself. Give Jabez there a chance, he wants to tell us something ! ' Jabez Hill, who had the charge of the dray and horses, was a West of England man, and though a capital sharp fellow over horses and dray, was any thing but a bright specimen of the mental calibre of the British peasant. He gave a hoarse laugh when thus addressed, sending his mouth all over his face in the contortions he made it undergo. ' Noa,' he answered, ' Airat a gotten no ta-ale.' There was a hearty laugh at the answer, whilst the Super responded seriously, ' Nobody accused you of having such a quadrupedal appendage, Jabez ; but if you haven't a tale, probably you may have gone through some adventures in the course of your life.' 'Noa,' he replied, ' Ai never venter'd nout !' and he shook his head. ' Hang it, man,' called out one of the stockmen, 'tell us how yeu got lagged.' There was a general roar of laughter at the look of astonishment painted on poor Jabez' b face. 'Ai ca-ant, he,' apologised. ' Ai wa-am't laagged 1' ' Well, then, tell us how it was that you came out here and brought your wife -with you ?' 'Ai didn't a-bringher, 'twere my owd woman, as bringedai,' he answered. ' Did you have so adventure on the voyage ' 'Twaam't no venture, ca- ase the passage were a pa-ad for us.' ' Did nothing happen to you on board?'' ' Nout ! we did nout but eat an' sleep.' 'When you were in Sydney did nothing occur worth tellins*— no adventure ?' ' Well now, ai did ha' a -venture in Sydney — ha, ha !' and he laughed all over his face again as ke thought of it. ' What was it ?' ' Now we shall have it !' ' At last !' was shouted by one and another. ' Why, Ai venter'd in one o' they ehandrydams, and she broke down wi' us !' ' And was that all ?' ' Wa'amt that enow. It tore my best co-aate roite acraas. Ha ! ha !' * ' It's hopeless,' cried Fred, who confessing him self beat, gave in. ' Can't one of you chaps give us a twister f' said old Tom, addressing the Btockmen, ' it ought to go round fair, and I'll look out that you don't escape, MaBter Ned, clever as you think yourself,' and he nodded his head knowingly at me. 'Tell 'em that yam about old BogoBen, Charley,' said the men to one of their mates, a tall, smart j oung chap, who in appearance as well as in practice, was the beau ideal of a stockman. 'It's atoughish kind of a yarn,' Charley remarked, addressing himself to the old squatter; 'but if yeu don't mind I'll try it.' 11 Fire away, old man !' was called out, whilst Old Tom answered, ' Let's have it.' There was a momentary pause, prior to his com mencing, and Tom of a sudden started and put up his hand, warning us to be quiet. We could hear a dull, rolling sound thnt I didn't understand, though the others did. 'What is it?' I asked, whilst the stockmen were off to their horses, mounted, and away almost before I got my answer , for those on guard kept their horses saddled ready at a moment's notice. '?What is it r' eaid Tom, 'Why, it's Borne infernal thing has frightened the cattle, and there's a mob of 'em off and away, and we Bhall be lucky if the otherB ain't off too.' There wai no time for talk. The horses were brought up and saddled, and out we all sallied to look out that all was right with the other cattle. It was some two or three hours before we all got back to camp again, and you may depend upon it that it was blankets, and not yarns, that we looked for then. 