THE JAMAICA BUSINESS FROM AN ~'; 'AMERICAN POINT OF VIEW. ' , It appears,tuât tho English press is all,.bufc unanimous in' oondomningj in-, tho.'-'soybrest litorms^thb conduct ;of tho Governor and tho. jcivil and military authorities of Jamaica in thoir wholcsalb slaughter , of tho, blaoks.' OB Ithat island. Tho only'notoblo exception is ! tho Timos, and from the notorious proclivities 'of that journal,,on tho subject of the'negro and his .rights, this is not'to'bo wondered at. ' Tho .Timos has over .writtoh pf thonogrp \yith an ill-concealed fooling of bitter bato, and - the black man has no justice to oxpeot at its' hands. ...At , ürst,., whón , ( tho,', /intelli- gence received in England c.ùt ,thp' out- break was rather moagro, 'it .attotnjptod to justify tho atrocities committed on tho Jamaioa. nogroes, but when fuller news; startling the whole kingdom\by its horrible, détails, reaohdd landon,!with that polioy .so characteristic pf its management,' it suppressed every, particular of the disturbanops ,aycrso, to the position it hadnssuraod as tho adYpcato of Governor'Ey ro, and tho apologist bf as frightful a raassaoro a» liásover stained tho annals of any pooplo. It i» not too muoh'to.'say that1 England has boon profoundly moved from;ono orid to tho pthor at tho dotailsiof this bùtohéry, and tho greet party of froedom,1 through thoir chosen and honored chhmpion, johnJBright, baa doinandod already that, Gpyornpr. Eyrofll and his aooomplico» in the work: of blood, shall'bo mado to stand at tko bar of justico Jo answoir for thoir conduot. .... , . , , ... , , , It'isto bo oxpOotod that!óvory effort' will bb put forth by'tho'GpyórndV'aád his frionds to mako jit appoar/thóre really, was an urgont nooessity for tho oruol moasures thoy resorted to in dealing., with the so-oallo'dsrbbollion. Accordingly, wp' .aro; riot' surprisod to' loara that after ordo]? had bqon fully restored'in, tho disturbod distriot, dotaohments of troops we'ro sont:'off; tb'-' different'; parts, of, tho .island» widely 'distant''from each' other, as - "a precautionary _< moasuro," although . iii none of tho districts whither tho soldiers" woro dispatched had there boen tho t slightest diBturbancp of tho publio ponco, pr ovon any i.hdiotj'ttóñ:'of-..suoh' .disturpanbo..'. 1 To : givo additional colour tb tho.,apboryplial.ii|bry pf a ,wido<sproad conspiracy?among tho black» fór1 c W/f Âj&a;çjre- ' of tho' »> whitea.'Ot;and brown«> jwe'find^tpb) 'that ' tho Hay tien exiles in Jamaioa bavo'all bcon'ordercd Mfplbavb tho* island. .immediately/ and . that, the .GoVprnor lido" ísatíod a' 'proclamation; .to lako ¡offoot af tor .LT...i.'t'T,'T.\\.v.<.>in:''.''.A ''' A" ? .i.,' .j'v.i'.'i'- 'ic Jool ,«XK> ¡?¡li or snoa.»'.a_tW; îoikèiBOtb.' Oth'Puítimo^prphibij^^ og on th'o,fs^ a., Jaraoioa Legislature, on,.tho 7tb of Jiovpra Í tor, wo havó ,thîs ' model-. , GbVéri)or,,.,gÍTÍng' ." itäs his" opinion 'that A'thebutiro-colony has o.-long. boony and: still- is ' on; ¡tho--brink'of a Tolc.ano. Thpro is scarcely' ,"a district," hp Fá?ds? f 'óv'i parish 'in' tho''islaridj'yhoro dis-. ', loyalty,'sedition,' ; and ..murderous a intentions !.-¡ár*VC>not. üíW.ídoly 'disseminated,- nand .in. ' ¡rnány''instances ! openly:;wpr^ss8.An"-vTh(^ ?statements ',are "evidently /iptoridpd for .'offo|bt ; witbj/the BT¡tisa/.,Óoyernm¿ñ.t'iahd.' fobphvaqd . "those elsewhere who. háppen'tp ¡ bo ignorant of ? "the Btate ; of. things in: Jamaica,1 and of tho ..-cbaraoter and.habitsbf/th'fbla'olipopulation'bf '#at!island^, , Until; Gbybrnbr: :Eyre .and, his '.myrmidons mado tho discovery that disloyalty .and: sedition aro fearfully:'prevalent in tho colony; tho b]acks pf Jarnajcn,' ; were ¡jal way s Vopsiaerod-^hadijbeen, always,. jounà-^-a "ré-j 'rmfirk'abTy law-abiding, poaceably.-disposed and ..patient pebble j 'and; ns "to loyalty) the namb .bf - Queen-Victoria, iib 'the first year .of .whoso ' reign thoirtémanoipatipn,tobk placo, has always .had a magical ; influenco with them.' In fact,] .so remarkable - o.rp ,theyj for J theso' traits of ? oharaptor that al th ough , th oy outnumbered tho .whites bs ten to one," yet Jamaica has had no /.militia, force,, except; on papery for tho last riiwentyîyears, and only a Tow hundrod troops ^hayo'been kept stationed'on tho island by the ; parent, G'bvcrnmont. Sinop emancipation, /now oVer twenty-sevpn years, there havo been ?Jhut-two popular disturbances requiring:'tho 'presence .of the military, and those were of a ..purely local, character, . arising out of strictly '.local.; oircumstanoes, .and .were easily arid speedily suppressed without bloodshed. Is ' it not incomprehensible then, wo! ask, that, in \- vtho space pf a few1 shbrt months^ tho black -¡'pobple of ' Jamaica ; should havo. becomo ?so? . icomplotoly transformed , as to justify Governor ; Eyro . in bringing such charges against thom ? : - " . ' ;' .: , t , ; But, despite tho efforts, which may bb made to mislead people in this Jamaica business, tho truth . will comp put. Already,- indeed; it is beooming- apparent, and : out of his own .mouth tho Governor and those ho represents stands condemned. "In tho spocoh, from whioh wo havo. just, quoted, hp attributes thp dangers with which, in his morbid fancy and in that .only, Jamaica is at present threatened to 41 psoúdo-philanthropists in England," and ^characterless political demagogues" in tho island, to . ff a licentious , and .unscrupulous press," and to tho ''misdirected efforts and misguided bounsels of certain ministers ¡ bf, rpligion'?.. of tho , colony. A , strange , combination of agonoies and influences eortainly ! But who can fail to seo what all this means ? It is tho old story over again1!" It is ,th# spirit bf slavery, embodied, fpr tho oboasion in G'oyornor Eyre, inveighing against liberty and the allies of liborty-philanthropy; religion, political freedom, and an unshackled and independent", press. .Slavery dies bardi Over a quarter of a century has passod away sinco it' received, its doath-blow in Jamaica, but it has not yet quito givon up tho ghost there: As a class, tho planters of that island, between whom, and its present Governor ? thoro seems to' bo a' perfcot congeniality ? of sentiment; aro still bittorly intolerant of all opinions that do not square with their poouliar notions that ia. not. favourablo to tho solfish policy upon which they have invariably abted,-^inco emancipation, in legislating for. tho country. Their policy and sentiments havo found a fit- ting- raprosontativo and spokesman' in : Mr. Eyre, whoso speech, just addressed to a plantof legislature, roads' moro like tho Jdisgracofur tirades against Christian missionaries and Britishi philanthropists, in whioh tho pro slavory Journals of Jamaica used to indulge thirty years ago, than tho production of tho ruler ofJa froo pcbplb whoso chartered and sacred Uborti.es..and.) rights demand rcspeot. Kow York Tribuno. : . ...... 