THE WEEK'S NEWS. ITicHwav li'.'iiBiiav Undeh Arms. ■— .nbou., £0 minutes j>:i.sc S o'-.loek on _uesuay evening a youth n.vrsicd J.chard Appledorc. aged 'iC.' loidins m Sunt- street, accom panied bv a je-'"* man named Charles lde, aged 20. who rejilca la Puheney-strect. was pro c.'tding through the ojiciiin^ next to Air. 1. MurobW, the stationer, in Bundle-street, WIt" 11 v;cw of C.kin ' a short cat into ravistocw-strcet tov.-arJs the KahiVirion Building, when a man, dresse I in a black hat and a dai_k Inverness cape, suddenly rushed cut from behind a dray, air!, presenting a jii-tol, i-ai.cd upon- both to stand, demanding their money, and saying he was Main tain Thunderbolt. ide said be had no money, but Thunderbolt, seeing he.baO.ar.aten-ciiam.tooi from him the silver watch attached to it. Mean ahiic Auplednre had turned round, and running 'into Bundle-street, which bemrobse by Thunderbolt, be at once fired at Apple, the shot pcuerra'hie through bis cu:d, v.rosU'oA., trou'er* leather belt, and shirt, into bis hip j to fine depth of about half an inch. Apple- , dove just as he was shot met a man .and told ! him or it, who immediately gave chase in the direction the villain bad taken (noell Tavistock s'reet towaids Mo;tli-ter:ace). Other persons, in cluding the constable ou the beat, who also heard (he -h it at once made to the spot and joined m the chase, f ie had by tins time rejoined his companion Appio.hev, whom be took over the wnv ;o Dr. Moore, Die Colonial sturgeon. That gentleman happ-.mng to be at liome at once examined the wound, but was una lde to discover tile bni'et. A- 1:>r wound had only the appear ance of an ordinaiy fl^'n wound be thought the bullet mud have ciilered it with tlie clo'.Iies and dre'*r,c.i out again. Appledore beginning to feel f.thit. l-)r. Moore bad him conveyed nome m a call. Daring Tuesday evening the event was tee principal topic of ca!iveis.uwu throughout the cilv, and ail branches of ihe police force were astir to arrest the f-mipad. Up to the present time Thunderbolt has not been lal-.eu. We were informed oil Thmsday that Appledore was progressing very r.v.i-fucuni.y. Ke had been ex amined by reve;al medical gentlemen, none of whom, ho-vever. could discover tile bullet. VvoTunr. Atikkit at flwnvvAY KobbkrT.— Jlr. Edward Cox, sa-i-iier, living near the White Conduit House, in }h.i lb-street, reports that oil T-e-d-y eve fin r, about a .jnarter past 1U o clock, he WAS met in Wi.itnwie-sunm-N opposite St. Luke's Church, by a mail dressed in dark cm!lies and hat, who told'him to stand, mid presented a I'isioi a^ him He 'hen seized hold of Mr. Cox s coat and snapped the pistol at him, but it lucidly nibs .,1 fire, M r. Cox ran north, towards \\\ right street, rlie robber following him about bid yarns, after which no utoie was seen oi bun. Doth the Acting Commissioner, Mr. Hamilton, ami In Fpector rctcrswald were at their offices till a.ter liii.ln'a'hL giving directions to toe force. \ Yoururtir. Hioir.vvv Kohbku.-T.iomas Sh-rp a vov ill of about hi or 17 years of age, has l;e,-ii committed for trial cm the charge of feloniously as- uniting ArchihaU Campbell, with intent toiob him at Hagii!, about IU o cwek on Su'i'lav evening, the fi'.h of September. Although the oceurrencj took piacc in .re than three weeks aim the police did not receive information or lire ail'air till Sunday evening last. r;,i,rsr c,f the Auscoxnitit C. H. Barton. On Sutuiduy aftcriium last we received a telegram fr.an oar Tanti ilea correspondent announcing the an est of O. 11. BarWu, of the late firm or Bennett and Burton, ignit.-, of C.rciifell-strcet. lie was traced by the Acting Police Commissioner to Fchucr, oil the Murray, and detained there, at .us rcqu.st. by the Victorian authorities. A fcoath Ansttali-.m trovper is now on bis way to Ecnuca .villi the warrant, and ire may fie expected to return veryshoitiy villi hi- inconcr. 11 vr vyi \s Tanht.—We have received from Mr. Van iJeldcn, of Ihrtavia, now oil a visit to tills colony, a copy of the New Tanii (ISfiu) of the Kcrlieri.m<3s lirdic. We shall take an early op. poriiiiiitj' oi tic viihiiir its principal features to our Pour Adixaide Y'.'VA'i Men ■- Association. The soi.ee m the Town Hail was the topic of con versation during the day on Tuesday, but at night the .-lauds h.dd out hut faint hopes of a large audio- ca. The doors, however, were not lung opened bef-rc the spacious room was well fined. The Chairman, Mr. D- Douglas, having opened the proceedings in a few well-chosen remarks called upon Mr. U. Giles, who delivered til f ,.lowing prologue: •' To aid the needy ami relieve disLrcss, To cheer die w'n'.i v an 1 h-tiicne<s. To give tliu he is ie-s alt the need you can, To ae1 tinoiig'iu-.;;, tlie i ■. o i avimafiL.iu, Is the ?r v pritil.-ge .-r ad iiirrikin _ Jieln-f and -i mtmUiy stiould t>e eomii.ned. "Death, the dread cae-.ny, litr- snatched away Ai.d ruiiilc-s'v d.iiiru ie-i for ins prey _ Two mcii ill tiie fidi virnur of ureir p-nme, •-n-l lwrdiv giviu-r ib..,ii a moment s lime To c v to Heaven the pre er lor aid Yi'iiich their hearts iorui d, iiut ucath t.ieuu raacc Ih oiv-tit on tlum unawares their awful do—, Ti' I wave, tih-ir s-i oud, Hie -er l.ieirwat iy tomb. ; T; e.-e in- u ■- . .aalicn!;. i-pr.v u ot ntc Dell each a family, and eacu a wife, To light iilV- b .tilcs—to I'c-rr all tne load . if iiumcii'us ijuu'ui's—'o feel toe goad «»f s-ii.-ss that o:r. oi pu'ci '.y:tri ,c. _ J-'o Im-hand left to sLlccoui- tltcoi; tne eyes Yi'iiich waiciiM lii.'in w:*.b aii'cetioii's jealous care /•ic fix'd in dcalii's m:i:.c:mii!'-', Imlpless &:are. 'i beh- wive- and cii-.i-heu deep rueir late h.-.mcnt-, ■ ml yric-ve the loss ibo r love count not prevent. lYIi-. to their bltcdiiig hearts can give relief— Heal thecifild's .orrn-.v and ihe woman b guei'i (ill, umuimrs, 1 .ok whii jairn t-i One oji high, Me hears li-e wni-uvs' u: -i the urpnans cry; H.- helps ami comforts ail by gnef oppress (1, £w\ j>luuis new tlic uc:uug ureait. \Yc can to initiate tliL-ir \r. e, Aid in their d<uU*nM >Uy icvl-j! ilio bow. If we relieve th- unkviti.nate and voor, \Yc Si! .11 gain strength 10 saficr and endure Wlieii the hour conies which J* fate «iecreea 'J'hat we ;»up;'.o!X should want, a.'.-sisturjue noeO. Let^ "<e the meuns which P.-ovidence bestow*, 'Twill bring <mr minds contcniim-nt and repose; Ubiktf oar ln-aits happy and our bosoms light; A--i the lmor, an-1 conscience will requite. G-id lores tile man who lisiens to tne cry, And ministers to want or mb-Ty. . "Ti:-. in a cause like this we come tittup lit, Our object g soil, we trust om motives nglit, Think or Hie children and lb-, ir wi-!ow"d pan.. Ki:;d audience, we ask f-r your forbearance. To entertain an audience is at all tunes rattier a diiiuuh. one, especially lo amateur-, whose con fidence in their own powers requires a little working up 1) fore rea.bing concert pitch, list on this o.eiiinn the gentlemen volunteers behaved capi tally in the leaptciive jinrtsselccled, and, althougli i ot faultless, the entertainment was a success. To eulogize Jlis. VYishart would only reiterate the wcli-ticserved meal of praise she invariably receives. The comic Iri ii ,m-g. " BarneyO'Uae." liroagbt down a iou .id of applause and an encore, to wiiicii tiie tcfponse was gracefuiiy accor.ied in -Oiicv."' A gentium.m recently arrived rciif.re'l ll.e " Kliinc Maiden" with exqui site taste, both vocally and mstrumeiitaby. Tin- scene from The "ivals ah.uded hir D 0"Ti-igeer an <i;qnjrtn:ii;y of making ins bow IK vruy,na and Bob Acres was admiraby played liy one who, in the daily walks of lite, would sra'celv be considered i .go ■ i to tlie task, dhe piece had b-.-cn evidently well studied, and the make-up of the a.Tws was 1-ign.y '--.ltiliiaoie. fcir 1 uci'is strutted and fiiiacl to the very leiter, si cming', h possible, a shade tai.er than usual. Jsext lo'dov.-ed the ;!i«, ":;ilver alommglit, ' winc.i was rendcie.i in a failing manner, but almost failed to electrify the audience from the feebleness of ihe oiriHJuline voices, ^ hliving the whole of the w^\\\i to Hei.-if, consequently th.is ofciierwise reetty f.'h-e *ras not fo sucvessful jissome , others. Ihe ruu iiu.'-s ami ivcitarioi.^ wie cre«ii- i tr.tilv gone ttnough, and after a vote of thanks to | Catrain Douglas, Mi =. U ishart, and sir. Aa-hekl the pn.icee-.lin :s terminaLeu at 11 o cio.a with tue hiatiunal An:hem. lNSOLVENXiia. —The following persoas declared themsidve: iua.'.vi-nt between the publication of the Suinaii'.es for S-higland of the 2:it August and £51th Sciitember, 1S(>0 : — Edwin Uvniiett Edgecombe, of Kapunda, storekeeper ■\Villiam- E-iwar.l Taltinsou. late of Queenstown, carpe.iser, fa .im-am ijctiipciTs; S-ephen Go'ids woithv, <if Mcoiimu iwiP'Tj.Joiiii I.ichfinl i'liuliurii, of Dalhuaton. surcenu: -S.miai-1 Eikington idoonb of Adelaide, auctioneer; Aniiincl Garvms-o, of Adelaide and P.eaum nt, coa -iibtiilder; Samuel Birrv, of Norivood, broker ami commission agent; Geofge Elias, of \V.wring:!, near Kooriuga, fanner; Willi-in James Asliton. of Lcasmghaui. Ih-ei.—d victualler; Thomas Wiihamv, late of Adci. ile, publican, but n..w of Melbourne, oat of business; George Biehard hhadgett, of Adc- 1 bride, saddler: John West over, late of Port Ade laide! tailor, iv fvPMU jiaupfrix; William Bcswe.1!, of lier.t Town, contractor; Kicbard I'earse, or (h ' " ' 1 - practhioner of the Supie iie Conn; Wiliiara !•'. i Webster, of P-rt Adelaide, grocer; Geoige Mi.Wieton, la'eof Qa-.-en- town, labourer, ivfuvma pauperis; F-a :z Z-d-iier, of Adelaide, sh e uaker: Jaxn-s Greenwoi-d, of Kapuaila, chemist; | I-.vic Gi h-v. .if Drr 1' iiorner: M illiatu Woods, late'uf i.'jwei- Mitch mi, labnuie"; I» Juf Ma i panperi-i; tViili .ui E-igar hc-heris, ialcof Gawler I Tow'i; Wi'limn Olive-, of (\>t-perhoUse, stonc and pui-iicni: .lames Valine-, of Adelaide, 1 OU" of business. Subjoined is a nst of persons who I bava availed tl.eius Jvts of the arraugo-uie';t . cl- n-ts of ihe Act siir-.-c Altitun iSi-Satnne! U. Jirady. of Ar.gaston. saddler; William Cbandlcr, of near (i'liaikaau Hill, fanner; Samuel Keightlcy o* near Ai-gasloii. winegrower; Janus Edward of «^rS;es(!Mnaewatr : licensed victualler; Piiilip d-*:-vj, Edmund Levi, and ■' ifri d Wa-ts. of Ad. laide, merelnnils; Tbos. Voung. of G'Hadoran Hill. c.,ntraGor; Wilham T-iebahboji, > f Hor-.ioo.l, carpemo-r; Carlchristian llau-manu. --f Kap-mila, : torexeeper; Geo. f tanh-v Vartin. of A-loi-aidc, cmpenter; Gbarles Ku.p. of Adelaide, cabiiutninkcr. Tt.LV.caAit! ,c Interi-.otttoss.—The following notice was p-wie»l outside the Telegraph Office on Thursday" Northern line interrupted between Melrose and Poit Augusta. "Wentwoith line In terrupted beyond Blanchetown." Miscellaneous Concert at White's Buoys. —This concert, which was given under rile s cial patronage of Lady Daly, drew a very fair house on Monday night. As rega.ds the aitbi.es it was reasonably successful, tiiough the preponderance of the amateur element in it certainly made it rather dulL Miss Emma y'cvilh\ the favourite of the evening, was in capital voice, ami threw even more than Iter usual spirit into her singing. If she had a fault at all it was in straining too much after effect. lJer versatile talent is seen to most advantage when she has to combine the dramatic with the musical. In Moore's ballad, "The last Ho c of Summer," she enchauted the audience, and had to submit to an encore. In the " Curfew" the clear ring of Iter voice placed the gentleman amateurs who accompanied her at an obvious disadvantage. Their notes, though not naturally weak, sounded as if they had to force their way through a respirator. In the duets which they had to themselves they managed to redeem their vocal credit. In "Flow gently, Deva," the tenor voice especially showed that it possessed considerable power, though oa the whole the air did lloiv very gently, and the double current was not always effectively harmonious. There was nothing amateurish or undecided about Hcrr Heydecke's clarionet playing. It was surpassingly sweet, both 111 execution and in spirit. The fantastic dreamy style of Weber and ihe soothing cadences of David found in it an equally true interpreter. Then there were two lady amateurs, who aspired, not without success, to a piano duet from "iaemirumiJo." They showed ability and knowledge, but failed rather in ex pression. We conclude our list with Kiss Molteno, the Australian Juvenile Harpist. Her performances on the harp and the piano were very good for a little girl, and that is all v,e can really say of them, unless we were to suggest that little girls may often pass too quickly from the nursery to the c .neert-room. Miss Molteno has decided talent as a harpist, and if people will hear her make little childish efforts before she has fairly learned her profession, rather than wait till her powers, mental and physical, are matured, so much the wuise for the chilli. Hut whatever may be thought of the harp, there can be no question that she should not he allowed to sing to it, as 6he did last night. The musical public ought not to encourage, as they do, sendmg "infant genius" to market as soon as it can stand on a platform. German Fete —The annual German festival in connection with Messrs. Lsschcn and Niehuiia's 6chuol, Wakelieid-street, took place at the fi* aid and Magpie, stepney, on Monday. The day was : fine, auu there was a very large attendance of I visitors, principally the relatives of the scholars. I The trial of skill for the kingship in the shooting j match was cio.-dy contested, there remaining at j the end four competitors for the crowning henuur. These shot off", and two—O. Esselbach and G. Elliott—again tied, (in these shooting oft', the tirst prize, consisting of a handsome silver watch and the kingship for the ensuing year, fell to Est'clbaclL The other principal prizes were ob tained by the following scholars:— G. Elliott, who succeeded in bringing down the right wing of the metal eagle which was hoisted as a target; L. Wilcken, who got the head; G. Wallmann the left wing, G. N'itschke the tail, C. Schilil the left claw, and C. Winnickeu the right claw. Besides these a multitude of prizes of lesser value were given to those who succeeded in bringing down portions or the eagle. After taking the king in triumph to his home the paity dispersed, baring spent a very pleasant day. The hours were be guiled with music by Schroder's Band. Boman Catholic News.—On Friday week His Lordship the Homan Catholic Bishop of Adelaide held a continuation at St. Patrick's, West-tcrrace on which occasion about IGrt children were con firmed. On Sunday last a similar service was held at ihe Cathedral, Victoria-square, and about 1SJ persons received the sacrament at His Lordship's hands. On Sunday next confirmation will be given at St. Joseph's, V.'illunga, and duriugtlie foliowing week Port Eliiot will be visited. Many of the old colonists will be glad to hear that the Rev. Dr Backhaus has taken up his residence permanently among us again. The rev. gentleman was one of the resident pr iests of Adelaide in Eisliop Murphy's time, and resided here from 1S57 to 1852. As a musician and an organist he had then no equal in the colony, and as a gentleman he endeared him self to all classes of the community. Catholic Young Men's Society.— The usual quarterly soiree of the Catholic Young Men's Society was held in St. Francis Xarier's Hali, Wakelield-street, on Tuesday evening, October 2. Before the appointed time every seat in the spacious room was taken up; in fact every available corner had an occupant. His Lordship the Bight Bev. Dr. Shiel presided. A recherche entertain ment of a literary and musical nature was pre sented to the audience. I consisted of a lecture by Mr. J. G. Daly, who dealt with his subject in a facile and interesting manner, and vocal and instrumental performances by the Amateur Christy Minstrels. The programme contained, in audition to the lecture, about2amusical selections, consisting o: choruses, songs, and ballads, inter spersed with witticisms and humorous dialogues, i'he liight was exceedingly sultry; but notwith standing tins drawback, and that of the great uiig h of the programme, the entertainment wa= an imdouoted success. " The Gipsies' Chorus,"' by tire Mb.suds, opened Use proceedings. Tlsis was succeeded by " Is that Mother bending o'er me,"' by Mr. W. Vernon, who rendered it with much taste and expression. " The Coon" was next very well given by Mr. IV. M. Brown; and "Dear Mother, I'll come home again," by Mr. J!. Morlmier. The spirited piece " Tapioca," and the aibinred 'Anvil Chorus," brought the first division S ; tire musical portion of the enter tainment to a close. Mr. Daly then proceeded witii the delivery of his lecture, explaining, in the first instance, that lie had been unable from short ness of notice to lecture upon the subject announced in die programme—" The First Dis covery and Eariv .Settlement of America"—and that lie intended to substitute the lecture which w:is delivered by liiui shortly after his arrival hi Adelaide, viz., Iteiiiinisconces of a Residence iu British North America." Having glanced at some of the principal features of Newfoundland, Nova Sc tia, Hiilifcix, and Boston, he gave a descriptive account of an Indian deer hunt, referring to the ingenuity displayed by the natives while engaged in t lie chase. Passing on to other branches of his subject, he noticed Pictoti, Prince Edward's Island, and other neighbouring places, giving an account of the Inii.au mode of fishing. After hastily glancing at the maritime provinces, he concluded iue first part of his lecture, which was followed by the nertoruiances of the Christy Minstrels, which were gieatly telished. In the second part of ins lecture Mr. Daly described a journey fm:n A ow Brunswick to Canada, with the scenery along the coast, and numerous incidental :u: rences by the way. He also alluded to Mon tr, ah Quebec, a:.d Orleans, illustrating the general h.u its of the people, historical events, Ac. He next spoke mote particularly of scenes in Canadian life, glancing at the amusements and social habits of the Canadians, and adverting to Niagara and the petroleum wells. A variety of other subjects was introduced into tiie lecture, which concluded with a reference to the probable future of the en1 ire group of the North American Colonies. The lecturer on resuming his seat was loudly applauded. The entertainment was brought to a close by the peifornianc * of the remaining musical portion of the programme. Votes of thanks were then most cordially awarded to Mr. Daly, the Christy Min strels for their services, and to His Lordship for presiding. Ciiia.sriAi'f Missions,—The annual sermon in connection with tire London Missionary Society Dr. Tucker (agent of the British and Foreign Bible Society) from Sydney, where lie is stationed. The rev. gentleman preached an impressive discourse from the words "Aud 1, if I he lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me;" Jol.n xii. 52. A to! ectiou was made after the sermon. Special services on behalf of ihe same Society were also held in the North Adelaide Congregational Church throughout the day. The Bev. G. V. Evan officiated in the morning (owing to the continued ia.'isposuion of the Bev. J. L, Poore). In the evening the Bev. W. Slalyer preached an able m s i-nary sermon from the words " What hatli God wrought?" After each sei vice collections wcie made on behalf of the Lifu Mission. New Caledonia.—At Chepenlie, on the Lifu Islands or Loyalty Group, a new Protestant Chapel was founded on the last fete-day of the Emperor. The Neman Catholics assisted in the ceremony. The foundations of the Protestant Chapel weredug by the French soldiers.—.Sidney Horning Hcrahl. The Case Morgan v. Fuilupson.—Mr. Id. Phiiiipson wishes us to state that in the ca-e Morgan v. Phillipson, which came recently before the Adelaide Local Court, he gave an acceptance for Rid, regarding which the action was brought, to Mr. De.v, under au agreement that is was to i.c renewed. Mr. Morgan, the plaintiff! asserted that when the draft was endorsed to him no mention was made by 1 'can of this con otion. Dean, on the other hand, informed Mr. Phiilipson that he had never seen Morgan personally, hut had given the acceptance to Mr. Edwards, Mr. Morgan's hook keeper. and toid him he (Dean) should have to retire the acceptance, having guaranteed to renew it. Dean seems to have forgot his promise, and as a matter of coarse the Bench gave a verdict for the laiutifi', the acceptance having passed into third hands. Vital Statistics,—Ihe number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the iflili cf Sep tember, were:-Births-Li male-, 31 females; deaths—9 mries, 4 females. Total—CO births; 13 deaths. Excess of births, 17. The Government of W. stern Australia.— It is mentioned as a rumour iu a late number cf tiie Perth Gazette that Governor Hampton has re quested the Secretary of State to appoint his suc cessor, and that His Excellency expects to leave tiie colony in February next. Lusns Natural- A duck's egg of extraordinary formation was lately found by mine host of the King's Head, in King William-street. The egg having beeu boiled according to rule,, on being j opened instead of a fine yolk there appeared an 1 nDer egg perfect in all its parts, The Border llcxs.—The following letter from the Queensland Government was on Thursday laid oa the table of the House of Assembly by the Chief Secretary:— 41 Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, Septum her £0, 1 St (5. \lr—I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17ih ult., wherein, under the assumption that upon an adjustment of the boundaty line between the colonics of South Australia and Queensland it will be found tbat persons liaring squaitagcs in its vicinity on cither slue will he in occupation of country7 belonging to the colony front which they do not derive their i title, you suggest a mutual recognition in such ; cases with a confirmation of the tenure of such , lands as may come within the limits of the j respective leases. I "in reply, I do myself the honour to inform ! you that in any such case there will be no objec tion on the part of the Government to give to any persons settled under recognised authority upon J « i- ■^ mai" 'lave supposed to be South Australian country, but which may ultimately be proved to be Queensland territory, the same tenure as is now granted to Queensland lessees. "X have, Ac., ,T "A. MACALISTE2. To toe Hon. the Chic? Secretary, Adelaide." 1\ ilunsiMU and Gas.—Air. It. <J. Venn, of the Edinburgh Castle, Curne-strect, writes to say that, for the purpese of testing the comparative expense of kerosiue and gas, lie used for 30 days duiiug the month of September two lamps, with flames giving equal light, the one supplied with gas and the other with kercsiue. lie states that of gas UGO cubic feet were consumed, costing about 10s.; and of kerosine one gallon, costing 5s. He therefore recommends the use of kerosine in preference to gas for street lamps. The Lancashire Bellringers.—The enter tainment at White's Room on Thursday evening, though of a special character, was hut thinly attended. The performances were in the majoiity of instances of a superior description, although the dispiriting effect of empty seats no doubt deprived them of the spirit which these talented artistes usually infuse into their playing. Towards the close, however, this wore off, and in one piece the campanologists were encored. Miss Chalkcr was in good voice, and sang several beautiful pieces with maikcd taste, particularly the pretty song, "Oli, Steer tay Bark," in which the principal points of excellence in her singing wore very favourably exhibited. The skilful manipulation of Mr. It. 11. White, especially on the violin was shown to great advantage in several musical selections with which he favoured the audience. Trotting Match.—On Thursday afternoon a trotting match in harness, three miles, on the Bay road, excited a considerable amount of interest and speculation from the well-known trotting capabili ics of one of the competitors. The ground selected was from the windmill on West-terrace to the Haltsvay-llouse. Tile competitors were Mr. A. Ferguson's chesnut Polly, and a bay mare which has never before appeared in public, the property of a gentleman from Strathalbyn. A good stall was effected, and on the woid "off" being given the chesnut touk the lead for a short distance, but soon had to give way to her opponent, who shot past her, increasing the distance between them at almost every strile, and arrived at the Halfway House hard held, between two and three hundred yards in advance of the favourite. For the first mile the pace was very fast, but the owuerof the bay mai e, finding he had the race ali in his own bauds, took it perfectly easy, so that the time it occupied is 110 Criterion as to what the winner is capable of per forming. The spectators—sonic of whom were seated behind cattle of no mean pedigree—t x. pressed tlicir annoyance at almost losing sight of the winner long before half the distance was per formed. Kaponda Weslevan Church.—A correspon. dent writes:—" The Wcsleyans here are now taking steps to buiid a vestry at the rear of their fine chapel—an object which sbouidjiave been accom plished long ago. On .Sunday (30th), the Itev. John Watsford, Chairman of the District, preached two excellent discourses; he also addressed the schoo in the afternoon. On the following day there was atca meeting held in the chapel, after which the rev. gentleman delivered his lecture on ' Courtship and iilairiage.* The meeting waspresided over by Mr. D. IN ox':, who, in a few appropriate remarks, ■ntroduced the subject of the lecture. There was a full chapel, both oil Sunday and Monday, and the audience manifested their appreciation of the lecture by the frequent applause they gave. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, moved by the Itev. M. Williams, and seconded by Mr. Kvalley, of Augastoa, was passed unanimously. Votes of thanks were also accorded to the ladies for their liberality in providing the tea, and to the Chairman and the choir for tiieir efficient services. The collections oil Sunday were £T2 0s. Gd.; proceeds of tea, £H 17s. 9,1 ; collection after the lecture, £3 lbs. Sd.: promises. £ifl 1 Us.; making a total of x77 8s. 7d." Paris and Intercolonial Exhibitions.—A meeting of the General Com rait tee of the Paris and Melbourne Exhibitions was held on Thursday morning at the Institute. Present—Ilis Excel ieucy Sir Doniinick Daiy (in the chair), lion. H Avers, Dr. Kchomburgk, Inspector Hamilton, Messrs. B. li. Babbage, H. K. Hughes, J. Mellor J. B. Kealcs, MP., S. Tomkinson, F. G. Water house, and S. Leering (Secretary). The minuses of ilie last meeting were read aud confirmed. The Secretary leportcd having received a further sum of £'25u fix an the Government since the last meeting, making in all £l,0U(). The payments had been £25!) lis. 1 Id., out of which £-200 had been re mitted to Mr. G. f.L Watei house to meet the expenses of fitting; up the South Australian court in the Pans Exhibition. A letter was read from Mr. S. Davenport, apologizing for his absence; also from Mr. 11. 11. Turton, stating tbat he had written to Mr. F. Wright; in Melbourne, asking iiiin if he would undertake the duties of a Juror or Commissioner at the Exhibition, to which he had rep led that he regretted he had not sufficient time to do so. The Secretary also read a letter from Mr. B. H. Babbage, offering his sci vicc-s as (Mmmissiouer to represent ' the co.ouy at the Melbourne Exhibition on payment of reasonable expenses, exclusive of remuneration . gentlemen expressed their opinion that it was very desirable tbat a Commissioner should pro ceed to Melbourne, after which Mr. S. Tom kinson said the offer of Mr. Babbage might advantageously be accepted, as there was no one mo: e suitable to act as Commissioner. He moved that Mr. Bahuage be appointed Commissioner to represent the Colony at the Intercolonial Exhibition in terms of liis letter just read. A week or 10 days would be long enough for him to remain iu Melbourne. Mr. Hughes seconded Mr. Tomkinson's nomination of Mr. Babbage, aud endorsed his high opinion of him. All the expen-.es incurred by him should be paid. Inspector Hamilton thought Mr. Babbage shoal; be there for a longer pciiod than Mr. Tomkinson considered necessary, in order to give the Mel bourne people information oil the bouth Austia 1 an exhibits and to prepare his reports. Mr, Babb ige said he wished for no remuneration for time or for writing u-ports, as he considered the honour would be sufficient payment. The motion was carried, after which some conversation took place lespc-ctmg the expenses of the Commissioner, which resulted in a proposition of Mr. .\eales, seconded by Mr. Mellor, being carried, limiting them to £30. Mr. Melior hoped sufficient time would be given him to prepaie a mowing-machine to send to Melbourne. The Hem II. Avers said, as this was a matter of dcUil, Mr. Mc-IIor should communicate with the Keeretary on the subject. Mr. K. Tomkinson proposed, aud Mr. Babbage seconded, ami it was resolved, that Mr. J. Hart be appointed one of the Commissioners to represent the colony at the Paris Exhibition. Mr. Mel Mellor ave notice " Tbat he would propose at the next meeting Ali. Marshall as a fit and proper person to at1 end the Paris Exhibition as a practical mechanic, so as to give us the advantage which was intended by the noble Prince Albert; also to have reasonable expenses borne." The meeting then adjourned. The Alexander Brothers.—The announce ment that " The Ghost"' would be produced at the Town Halloa Wednesday evening as put of the bill of fare of the Alexander Brothers drew together a large concourse of persons. At the time livid for producing the shade the lights were turned completely out, and this encouraged some of the audience to raise quite a hubbub iu tbe shape of noises of all descriptions. The cotise qucnce was that the performer was perfectly unable to give the introductory explanations, and when the Ghost was brought to view, it was only visible to a select few who occupied seats iu the middle of the room. The illusion was repeated three times with different subjects; and we have tbe assurance of Mr. Alexander that it tvas accom lislied satisfactorily. The majority of the spec tators evinced their incredulity iu a most unmis takable manner, and when the programme was changed maintained a constant cry for "The Ghost." If the performance was not a decided success, it is only just to the performers to say tliat they did not have an opportunity of trying their best. The music which was given in rite course of the cvcnitigprobably tended to keep denn tbe appreciative inclinations of the assemblage, for certainly it was of a very droning and melan choly cast. Communication between Batavia and Aus tralia—Mr. Van Belden, who has been travelling through tbe Austral ian Colonies, with a view to pro mote steam communication between Java and Australia, is now iu Adelaide. He has been in comm mication with the Queensland, New South Wales, and Victorian Governments, and since his airival here he has had an interview with His Excellency Kir Dominiek Daly. We gave some account of the scheme a few months ago. It was proposed to have regular steam communication from Batavia to Timor, Adam Bay, along the north coast of Australia, thence to Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. Of course very considerable subsidies from tbe several colonics formed an importaute'.ementinthescheme Whether in the present depressed state of some of the colonies there would be any likelihood of the scheme being entertained is rather doubtful, hut Mi. Van Deldeii is very sanguine that m a few jears steam communication between Babult and Australia will have become an accomplished fact. An interchange of the produce of Australia and Java would be a mutual benefit. Tllg CO-OPERATIVE A S.-i-JOl ATION.—The Com mittee o[ Management of the touth Australian Co-operative Associatiou liavc given etiect to the resolutions adopted at (lie iate meetings by the shareholders for the establishment of places of business upon the co-operative principle. The gentlemen who were entrusted with the duty of carrying out the objects of the Society prudently determined not to go beyond the funds at their disposal, but to makca brginningiua humble way, intending to extend their operations as their means increased. They took the shop in Hindley-strcet which belonged to Burnet A uLhan A Co., and selected as their manager air. P. Cheescman, whose experience, we understand, eminently qualifies hint to perform the duties devolving upon him in an efficient manner. The premises were opened on Saturday last as a grocery and oilmen's store, and throughout the day there was a steady and constant stream of customers, which during the evening increased to such an extent that the manager aud his storemen, though assisted by several extra hands, were unable to serve thciu fa°t enough, and many- wculd-be pur chasers had to leave disappointed. Each customer after making his purchases receives a metal check which represents the discount to which he is entitled. Sleek-taking wiii occur every three month k when these checks will be called in, and holders of tbcm will share in the profits to the extent of half of the dividend payable to the shareholders. This plan has been fairly tested in co-operative stores in England, and has met with great success. The receipts on Saturday, we understand, amounted to nearly £100. The present premises have been bat temporarily engaged, as it is intended 0:1 a favourable opportunity offering to remove to a more commodious building better adapted for carrying on an extensive business. Exhibition Goods. —The Wallaroo Times, September 21), says: —"Specimens of nine kinds of wooii, the produce of the Peninsula, will be shipped to day in the Lubra for transmission to the Paris Universal Exhibition. They have been procured by Mr. McEntire, acting under the in. structions of the Survey or- General, and consist of two I icces of each of the following kinds of wood: —Black oak, myall, white mallee, red mallee. shcaoak (or shiack, as Mr. Grundy will have it), sandalwood, peppermint, gum, mangrove, and pine. Considered in reference to the Peninsula wood, they are remarkably fine specimens, hut poor in comparison with the wood grown in many other portions of the colony. The specimens are four feet in length, and of various diameter. They are for the most part sound throughout; a property so rarely met with in the trees oil the Peninsula, that it must have cost sonic consider able amount of trouble to find the trees from which those specimens have been taken. Pome of the pieces, from the beauty and clearness of the grain, should seem well adapted for the use of the cabinetmaker. Although the Peninsula may cut only a sorry figure at the Exhibition in respect of its timber, yet it is certain to be respectably represented in tiie mineral department. The magnificent specimens of ores which have been sent- from the Wallaroo and Aloonta Alines cannot fail to attract universal attention and adiniratien We may mention that a Liilipution model of the smelting works, ingeniously formed cf wood, has been sent to Adelaide, aud is to be forwarded to the Exhibition." On the same suhj< ct the linnyip has the following:—" We have samples of flour fion; the mills cf Messrs. W. Duffield &Oo.;, and Air. Dawson, of Stoekwcll, intended to he exhibited at the approaching Exhibitions 111 Melbourne and Paris. We understand that Air. Allen, of Nuri ootpa, also intends to exhibit. The quality of the flour in our possession is excellent, and we trust, as both exhibitors have fotmerly taken prizes, that the prize will on ihe approaching occasion find its way into our district." Conceut at itiNDHAESir.—On Thursday even ing, September 27, the choir of the Congregational Chapel at Kindmarsh gave a concert cf sacred iiiu-ic in the District Hail, Hindmarsh, 111 aid of the Harmonium Fund. There was a large atten dance. The concert commenced with Handel's ovcri ure to " Samson,'" which was very creditably performed by Air. Aibert Buddy on a fine-toned harmonium, winch I:ail been kind y lent to the choir by Airs. Ihi-heil. A long aud wcli-selccled programme of songs, trios, quartettes, and choruses from the works of the great masters was then performed by the members of tbe choir, acrcmpanie-l by Afr. Buddy on the har monium, and conducted by Air. Ariliur F. litin wick, who wielded tbe baton as efficiently as if be had been educated to tiie profession. The per formances altogether gave great satisfaction to the audience. Due feature, almost new in colonial concert'-, wc were very much pleased with, namely, that the conductor judiciously refused to allow any encores, although hardly pressed on one or two occasions by tire audience. Another equally p'ras ng feature was that tbe performers all re mained on tbe platform renly for their work. The preceedngs, which were th roughout of a superior <haracter, terminated w.th the "Hallelujah Chorus." The Bbigbton, Glenelg, and F-tcbt Aguicul TUKAL, HOBTICULTDUAh, AND Fi.OMCULTUItAL Society.—A meeting of the Committee of the above was held at T. Ottcway's on Thursday, Sep tember27. Present—Afessrs. W. P. Featlierstone (in the chair), W. H. Trimmer, W. Reeds, R. Hull, H. Sloteley, EL Afoseley, jun., J. Haywood, F. Thomai, ~W. V. Brown, T. Johnson, H. Meek, T. Oltcwuy, .,:id F. I'caree, Secretary. Air. Trimmer alluded to 1 he indiscriminate use cftbe wine sent !n for exhibition, and moved that the disposal of the three bottles of each sample be as fellows:— One bottle to be opened by the Judges, one to be set apart for the purpose of allowing tbe exhibitor an opportunity of giving any of bis friends a taste of tiie a-riue, and the remaining bottle to lie re tained by the Secretary, to lie disposed of as the Committee may appoint. This to apply to the wine taking the prizes: and that the whole of the wine not obtaining a prize to remain 111 charge of the Secretary, to he delivered to the several exhi hitors if called for within the time allowed. Air. Meek seconded, and the resolution was carried. Afr. Trimmer suggested, in reference to wine shown, that each exhibitor affix to each bottle a distinguishing avoid, motto, or mark r-f any kind, and a corresponding word or motto written on the outside of a sealed envelope containing the name and address of the exhibitor, and which is not to he opened until after the Judges' decision is known." Afr. Hull cordially supported the pr . position, which was unanimously carried; l>ut as the prize-lists for this year had been some time in tbe bands of tbe public, it could not be done until next a ear, wben it will be enforced. Air. Alosclcy having kindly offered the use cf a large tent, so that the whole of the articles could be sliown together, and not in sepa rate rooms, as previously, it was decided to accept Air. ALoselcy's ciier with thanks, and Air. Moseley was requested to employ the lacissary labour and materials to fit up the tent ready for the Show. Messrs. W. -H. Trimmer and H. Aleck were appointed as Afanaging Committee to direct the arrangement of the show. Lady Daly, Afrs. John Aloiphett, and Airs. John frontier to be requested to undertake tbe awarding of the prizes for the bouquets, Ac. The following gentlemen were appointed Judges in the several departments:— Best-kept Cottager's Garden -Messrs. It. Hull. John Haywood, and Thos. Johnson. Wines— Hon. John Alorplrett, and Alessrs. G. Brandts, G. Barnard, 0. S. May, and F. S. C. Driffie'd. Fruit and Vegetables—A'ossrs. A. Sims and W.Ware. Moody and J. A). Linklnter. The Secretary to either call 011 or send to subscribers with a view of getting tbe subscriptions collected before next meeting. Adjourned for a fortnight. The Riveuixe Tbade.—Some idea of tbe extent of the transriverine trade may be formed from the following, which wc extract from the Pastoral TimesA return has been published showing the amount of money received at each Customs Station on tbe Eivcr Murray from the time of its establishment to the 31st December, 1?65, specify ing from whence the goods so imported and paying duty have arrived:—Duty on goods imported from Victoria, £22,004 14s. 2d.; duty on goodsimpoitcd from South Australia, £1,516 0s. fid.; bonding warehouse duty, £SS lis. Sd.; rent of goods in Queen's warehouse, £56 (is. Sd.: Crown's share of seizures, £6S lbs. 19d. Total, £23,732 10s. 2d. Of this 6:nn £3,610 3s. 2d. was received at Alhury, £2,7-19 ISs. lfd. at CVrowa, £164 6s. 7d. at Euston, £15.680 tSs. 2d. at Moanvi, £125 lis. 2d. at Swan bill-Crossing, and £1,40! 12s. 3d. at Wentworth. The total value of goods exported by way of and across the River Murray, from the establishment of Customs Stations thereon to 31st December, 1S65, is given at £1,221,405." — Argus, Sep tember 27. Bismuth.—It has been long known that bismuth exists, in combination with copper ore, in several parts of the colon}", but the difficulty of separating it has hitherto prevented its becoming such an im portant article <-f comiacrceas it ought to he. This difficulty is sa-<l to have been now removed. Mr. Alaliphant, of the Port Adelaide Smelling Works has operated 011 a cwt. of ore from the Daly Aline, from which he has obtained several ingots of what is said to be pure bismuth without alloy. We saw some of these ingots 011 Saturday, and the metal looked pure and clean. From the cwt. of ore sub mitted to the process 12 per cent, of bismuth and 10 per cent, of pure copncr were obtained. This was from the first attempt, but it is confidently ex pected that a much la-get percentage will be obtained when the furnace has been used a Tew times. We hear that t! ere are already seven tons of the ore in Adelaide. We nerd not inform our readcts that pure bismuth is a valuable metal, and is being largely used as an alloy in manufacturing tbe bearings of locomotive engines and carriages. It has hitherto been difficult, to obtain tliis metal in large quantities, and if Air. Malipliant's process of smelting it pure is as successful as it it said to be a valuable article of commerce will be added to our exports. Bismuth fiiom the Stanley and Daly Mines, j —Air. Alildred has left at our office a specimen of j pure bismuth <rom tbe above mines, and lie in forms us that three ingots welching six and a I half pounds have been sent to London by the mail, j That quantity was the produce of 26 pounds of ore,' I a portion of seven tons now lying at the Port.- The j existence of this valuable metal in tbe Far North | forms an additional argument in favour of tramway f extension. The specimen left by Mr. Mildred may be seen at our office. Signaling the Hail IS mws.—bciiLve that Mr. Mood's signals are again to be hoisted on the arrival olt Glcnelg of the branch mail steamer from Kjii^ George a Sound, and that the .key hag been left with Mr. Todd. The Northern Territory.—We believe the Government have requested the law officers to report on the liability of the colony to persons who have purchased land in tlii Northern Territorv. It is necessary to understand first of all what are the j legal obligations which the colony is under to those whose money they have received and spent. | When that is once determined, the duty of the Government and of the Parliament will be plain. Sufferers by the Wah in Germany.—It will be seen by an advertisement in cur business columns that an appeal is made by some of oui most influential German colonists on behalf of the sufferers by the war in Germany. We hope this appeal will be liberally responded to. It is not to benefit the sufferers in one nation more than another, but whatever funds are collected will be applied to the alleviation of distress in any of tlic rival countries. Tlic Germans of South Australia have never been slow to render assistance to bene volent schemes for local objects, aud wc have no doubt our fellow-colonists will now assist them in their philanthropic efl'oitto alleviate the distress of their fellow-countrymen in fatherland. Presbyterian Ciiurch, Smithfield. — The anniversary services of the Presbyterian Church, Smilhfield, were held on the 23rd and 24th Sep tember. The Pcv. J". Ganlner, of Adelaide, preached on the Sunday, morning and evening, and the Iter. J. O. Evans, of Gasvler, in the aflcinoon. On the Monday a very large party partook of tea in the afternoon. In the evening followed a public meeting, which was mimvronsly attended. The Itev. J. Gordon, minister of the place, occupied the chair. Addresses were delivered bv the ltev. Messrs. Gardner, Hone of LyndocU Valley, and Mcl'herson of Salisbury. The report showed that the receipts for the year amounted to £'06 3s lid., and the payments to £31$ ISs. Gd., iucluding ArlOU of debt paid oii from the amount due on the budding, leaving a balance of £42 Los. Hd. due to the Treasurer. There are promises of donations amountingto £20 not yet received, but fully relied on by the Treasurer, and when these are paid the balance will be reduced to £22 log. 4*iL Corres pondent Horticultural and Flortcultubal Society. —An ordinary meeting of the Horticultural and Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesdai'. Present-Mr. F. S. O. Driffield and 10 members. The Secretary reported that after settling all claims upon the Society they were in possession of a clear balance of £17 ISa. fid. Mr. H. H. Haussen proposed, and Sir. AL Wieden bach seconded, a vote of thanks to Dr. Schom burgk for his kindness in contributing so largely to the effect of the last Show by hU fine collection from the Botanic Garden. Carried unanimously. On the motion of Air. E. Suiitli, a vote of thanks was also accorded to the Judges ami the Managing Committee. It was resolved to hold the next Show on November 8, and a Committee, consisting of Messrs. Driffield, E. Smith. M. Weidcnbach, Rowell, and Gray, were appointed to revise the prize-list and make the necessary arrangements. The meeting then adjourned. Bible Society Meeting at Salisbury.—The deputation just now visiting the colony 011 behalf of the British and Foreign Bible Society held their first meeting 011 Monday, October 1, at Salisbury. Dr. Fisher, the Treasurer, occupied the chair. The Secretary, the Ltev. J. K. Ferguson, read the annual report, fioin which it appearcd.-t.hat this branch of the South Australian Auxiliary lias increased its last year's contributions bjr 100 per cent., the sum realized tins year being £30. This augmentation in a yew which has been charac terized by so much depression in business says not a lit tle for the energy with which this branch is worked. If the Itevs. Dr. Tucker and Air. 8!ati*er meet with the Iiic=- encouragement in the different places they visit ihev will have good reason to go away^ highly gratified with their success. The meeting was addressed, long and interestingly, by both of these gentlemen, aud also by the liev. Messrs. Simmons and Cole. Votes expressive of the thanks of the meeting to the deputation, the Chairman, and the collectors brought, the pro ceedings to a close.—Correspondent. The Legislative Council Flection.—On this subject the Border lYair.h says:—** Five member3 of the Legislative Giuncil fall to be elected to day by tlie colony at large, and the South-Kast is invited to slure in the honour and responsibility of doing so. But it must strike electors here that this imitation, so far as it concerns ther.w.ilvc?, is one that carries no value along with it. It is a barren honour, and savours more of the absurd than the serious. Of the 900 electors who are qualified iu the South-Hast to give exprersion to an opinion as to who are the 1110 -f fit and projier persons to iiil the vacancies, vc.y lew know uny tliirg of the 12 who are nominated: aud their action, if they take any at all, will he like so many leaps in the dark, and as likely to put the worst as the best men in power. None of the candidates have taken the trouble to make us acquainted with their opinion;; and though they have not treated us more cavalierly than the other electors of the province, srisl we have to complain that -re are less acquainted with them and their antecedents than the pul.li:: near the metropolis. If much apathy therefore prevails here as to the result, the electors ate not to he blamed, for their apathy is not so much oil account of indifference as to who shall fill the vacancies as to the fact that little is known of the men brought forward. We might add to this the impression that prevails so widely, viz., that we can exercise so little real weight in the election. At every election for the Legislative Council this latter fact lias been made more and more apparent. The Citv of Adelaide and suburbs, as a rule, elect all' the members of tiie Council. The colony at large is amused with the idea that the power is si aired alike by all; hut it is a rare occasion that the votes from the outside effect the results obtained within the charmed circle of the metropolis. It is very rare that the favourites of the dominant Adelaide majority are displaced by an outside favourite. v» here, tl-.en, is the benefit of a Ccuucil franchise for tue dwellers iu the Senth-Easl? Is it not a mocker} to expect them to rush to the poll when not even a favourite or well- known uauie appears on the list ? We trust soon to see this anomalous state of things done away with, and the country districts, by the division of tlic colony into electoral provinces, each sending their quota of representa tives to the Council. It is ciily by doing so that interest will be kept up in the choice of representa tives, and that the various interests of the colony will be fairly represented. If for no other reason than the foregoing we would wish well to the Con stitution Amendment Act, and hope that it may soon become the law of tlie laud." PRESEXTATTOb-. — The members of the late Milling liifie Company have lately presented Stafi* Sergeant-Major O'Carroll with a testimonial, con sisting of a purse of money, as a maik of their appreciation of his services as Drill- Instructor to thecorps. The follo wing is a copy of the address:— " Milang, September 14, IS63. To Staff-Sergeant Major Terence O'Carroll, Volunteer Military Force, Adelaide. Dear Sir—Wc the undersigned, officers, non- commissioned ofiicers, and private; of the late Milang liifie Company, have great plea sure in bearing testimony to the very efficient manner in which the duties of Drill-Instructor to our company were discharged by you during the years of your connection with it. Tlic urbanity and kmducss with which the necessary discipline was tempered are borne in grateful remembrance by all of us. Further, we feel assured that the high posi tion attained by the company as maiksinen is in a very great measure due to your painstaking instruc tion in position drill. Wc bc-g your acceptance of the accompanying small token of cur regard; and with the warmest wishes for your welfare and pros perity, we are, dear Sir, yours very sincerely." Signed by James Kankine, M.P., Captain; F. W. Mitchell and B. Adamsou, Sergeants; P. Mar tin, Corporal; aud 17 other gentlemen, privates. Boeder Duties.—On tlie subject of the Rorder Customs question, the Sydney Morning Herald of the 18th ultimo has the following observations: "Mr. Parkes had ocular demonstration when on the Border of the great inconveuiences caused to settlers by the present system, and he promised to do his best to remedy their grievances. The diffi culty lay in the attitude of the Covernment of Victoria; but if tliat Government has intimated its willingness to come to afairunderstanding, Mr. Parkes is bound to redeem his pledge. Our Go vernment lias successfully asserted its right to its own revenue, aud lias successfully collected that revenue. We have also determined what is the value, as expressed in figures, of tlie right so con tended for. But while what has thus been done lias prepared the way for a final sett'ement, it lias not effected a final settlement. Probably no one can be found wlio will contend that a Bordc-r col lection of duties is a thing good in itself, or even unobjectionable, and one iu which wc may rest contentedly. As soon as a better state of tilings is possible, it is obligatory on the Government to bring it about. It was neces sary to collect the duties for a time, because that was the only alternative; but there is no need to continue the process after it has effected its purpose. It used tp be disputed whether we could collect our duties on the frontier, and whether we would, aud whether, if we did, the receipts would be worth the trouble. All these points have been settled by practical experience. The duties have been collected, and they prove to be a very handsome addition to our Customs revenue. We cannot afford to forego them in our present condition of financial difficult v, aud a sine gaa von to alt negotiation is that the revenue should he secured. But this point the Victorian Government is now willing to concede, and in thi3 concession a great deal has been gained Tr.c dispute is narrowed to the mode in which the money should be levied and calculated. The demand formerly made by \ ictcria, that it should levy the duties on the river, was inadmissible It. was inconvenient, to say the least, that another Government should exercise aet3 of Eorerei-nty within our own territory, nor was there any reason for taking out of the hands of South Austialia a duty tnat col ny has always faithfullv discharged But this demand is now waived, arid our neigh bours profess to be willing to pay over a lump sum, to he calculated on the basis of the last year's receipts. This is an offer that might be accepted for a term of Teal's, for though the amount would increase every year the slight loss would he a set off against the evils of the Border system. Tlie estimate would have to be revised at intervals. 1 here is, however, no reed for an estimate at all, seeing that an accurate calculation is possible at a aery slight expense—far less than is incurred at present, ao one along the Border would oMect to a registration of tlie traffic across it. This would involve oo oelay, no^ interference, and no expense to the carnere or their employers. This system of registration does in fact exist, and has existed for years, with respect to the transit of live stock.11 I hSUU. M..1S.L8 AMO.sG aHEETSHltAttSllS.— A. correspondent says"The bheaicis on one or two j she.Is near Mount Remarkable have struck for an . increase of wages during this week, after having commenced work under the ordinary woolshed j rules. In no instance that I have heard has the j demand of the men hcen complied with. On the contrary, 1 am informed of cases where the [ shearing has been absolutely brought to a stop, j the proprietor or manager preferring to wait rather than submit to an unfair demand. Oil this occa sion the men seem to hare quite miscalculated their chance, as the delay of some days will not, foitunately, be any loss to our Northern 6heep farmcis, as there is none or very little grass-seed to hurt the wool, and the yolk lias hardly yet arisen. There is no scarcity of shearers this season, con sidering the diminished number of sheep in the North; and when some of the earlier sheds are finished, the places of those who have struck will be speedily filled by men amdous and willing to work, and the shearing will be then rapidly pro ceeded with, and no loss sustained." We trust that the good feeling winch should subsist between master and men will not to any extent be inter fered with. The present position of the labour market, and the financial state of the colony, hardly wairaut sucli an extreme course as a strike for increased wages. Reported Gold Discovert. — Information reached town on Friday, the Jth inst., that a gold discovery had been made in the vicinity of the Talisker Mines. The sample assayed was said to yield 81 ounces to the ton of quartz. Several claims in the supposed auriferous locality have been taken out. The English Mail.—The English mail to Augutt 27 is due at King George's Sound to-day, and it may therefore arrive on Wednesday next, cr, allowing for the two days' grace, on Friday next. Agricultural and Horticultural Society.— The general monthly meeting of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at the Norfolk 'Arms on Friday morning. There was a good attendance of members, and Mr. A. B. Murray, M.P., presided. An important discussion, initiated by Mr. W. Thomson, took place with reference to the black rust, which had made its appearance amongst the wheat crops; also, the analyzation of soils. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere." Imports and Exports.—The excessof the value of imports over exports at Port Adelaide during the nine mouths ended September 29 was very nearly three- quarters cf a million sterling, or £747,113. The North.—A letter from Gottlieb's. Wells under date October 3, states that sheering opera tions within 50 miles of the Burra have been stopped by the rain. Between the 2nd and 3rd it rained 12 hours consecutively. It is supposed tha the rainfall has beeu very general, and it was evident it was passing further north. The latest dates from the Far North say nothing of rain, but since the mail left it is confidently expected the rain has gone northward. At Hlinawartina some fine showers have fa'len during the month. Pairing-off.—The following members paired off in the division which took place in the House of Assembly ou Friday afternoon on the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways's motion with respect to the Insol vency Court'.—Against the motion, Mr. Uoode; against the amended motion, Mr. Martin. Gawleb Agricultural Socibtt.—A Com mittee of the Gawlcr Agricultural, Horticultural, and Floricultural Society was held at the Globe Inn, Gawler, on Thursday, the 4th instant, to make arrangements for an exhibition of flowers, fruits, and vegetables. Present—Messrs. Malcolm (in the chair), E. Martin, Barritt, Kinnear, Buchan, Lane, Warren, and the Secretary. A prize-list was laid on the table, which was adopted, and a Sub committee, consisting of Messrs. Lane, Malcolm, Clurk, E. ilLirtin, and Barritt; were appointed to catry out the necessary details. Messrs. Schom burgk, Hackett, andChancewereselectedas Judges. A vote of tliauka to the Chairman closed the meeting. Declixe of Prices of Fat Stock in Victoria. —It will he recn by reference to Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell & Co.'s report in another column that the price of fat cattle in Melbourne had declined about £3 in one week, the greatest fall ever knpwn within so shut- a time. Lands Titles Office.—The following is a com parative statement of transactions during the month cf September, 1S65-1S05, in the Lands Titles Office;— Applications Transfers Mortgages Leases Transfer of mortgages Discharges Powers of attorney ... Caveats.. Encumbrances Transfer of leases Surrender of leases ... Trusts J aeences Transmissions Withdrawals of caveat Fees of office ... Value ol land brought uudcr Act £113,976 £35,670 The English Mail.—Ve are indebted to the Postmaster-General for the following particulars of mails dispatched per contract packet on the 23th Sept:—London via Marseilles—Four boxes, containing 2,034 letters (31 registered letters in cluded) and 393 papers; London via Southampton 73 boxes, containing 9,750 letters (1S4 registered letters included) and 11,281 papers; India, China, Cape of Good Hope, Maurit ius, and Mediterranean Ports—42 mails, containing550 letters (3 registered letters included) and 604 papers; Western Aus tralia—4 mails, containing 391 letters (L registered leltcr included), and 257 papers. The Clare-boad. — Mr. Bounscvell has at length got an opponent on the Clare- road in Mr. N. Opie, who is not altogether unknown em the line. For a long time past the fares on this road have beeu very high; but they are now reduced by about oue-lialf. No doubt Mr. Opie will be sup ported, and receive a fair share of the traffic hitherto taken by bis rival. ANNIVEttSAIlT OF THE BELT CHAPEL. — The anniversary services were held in the Belt Chapel ou Sunday, October 1; the public tea meeting being held ou the following Tuesday, after which a public meeting, presided over by Mr. James Harry. The Sabbath-school report was read, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. B. C. Flockart and Messrs. Davis, Shearing, Burton, and llartslionie. The Brompton Choir wbs in atten dance, under the direction of Mr. W. Cornish. The LiQUoir"liiAFFic and the Legislature.— The liev. Samuel Auncar, from Victoria, delivered a lecture in connection with the Total Abstinence Socitry, at the Town Ball, on Monday evening. October 1, the subject selected being "Tito 1 Liquor Traffic and tbe Legislature." The atten dance was not very large. about 200 persons only being present. His Worship the Mayor, Mr. W. Townsend, M.P., occupied the chair. After ft long and interesting address the following resolution was passed:—"That this meeting, believing tbe present traffic in intoxicating drinks to be pro ductive of many evils, and that the restriction if not the entire prohibition of the sale of theseririnks is demanded alike l» the moral and social intercslB of the community, resolves to use all legitimate means to induce the Legislature of this colony to : reconsider their present policy on this subject^*' The proceediugs of the evening were enlivened. end varied by the performances of the Choral Dftlon, who rendered some choice choruses, glees, and songs in -excellent style, and to whom, as well as to the rev. lecturer and the Cliainnan, a cordial vote of thanks was atco.'ded at the close of the pro« [ ceedings. Lecture by the Rev. S, Annear.—On Wed nesday evening the Bev. S. Annear delivered a I lecture on Western Africa in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin street. There was a numerous attendance, and Mr. J. M. Dowie pre sided. After making a few remarks he introduce^ tlie rev. lecturer, who said he had been an extensive traveller. After enumerating the variouB places hp had visited, he stated that he had spent five years, in Western Africa, having landed at Sierra Leohei as a missionary in 1841. The beautiful scenery of that place, which he said he had not seen equalled in all his travels, was then described. The average population of the settlement amounted to 60,090 or fiO.G'O, neat ly all of whom, with the exception of about 20D whites, were descended from or were liberated slaves. They were the representatives of about 59 different tribes, who had been recaptured from tiie slave vessels and set at liberty. The rev. I gentleman spoke of his visits to slave vessels 1 before tlicir living freight had been discharged, anil the joyful scenes wliich took place when the liberated slaves were recognised by their friends and countrymen. The confiscation and destruction of captured slave vessels were touched upon, and it was stated that one-half of the churches, schools, and in'ssion-houses of Sierra Leoue were built of the wood of those ships. The philanthropy of the negroes also formed a subject September. 1S65. 1866. 104 66 178 143 135 150 27 22 4 4 51 61 2 — 4 3 — 2 1 5 1 3 2 — 1 — 5 3 2 3 Total ... 517 465 ... £G0S12s. £195 lis. ;by the missionaries. Alter some of the adventures of the celebrated Richard Landor had been lehesised, the lecture was concluded with a graphic descrip tion of the way in which a landing was effected through the surf at Sierra Leone. At the conclu sion. aud several t ines during the delivery of the lecture, Mr. Annear was greeted with hearty applause. After a collection had been made, the - customary votes of thanks closed the proceedings. The Panama Eoutb.—The Panama Star and Herald contains the following bints to travellers via Panama, as to the sort of money best suited - for paying their.way in travelling by this new route: —"We find that tbe Australians are in considerable confusion about the value of different coin in Panama, so tbey will do well to study the following tabic, the sovereign as a basis;—An English sovereign worth five dollars; English silver, worth fO per cent, less; American gold, f iur to H per ccut. more: American silver, 1 per cent, more; j Mexican dollars, 2 per cent, more; Mexican ounces. 16 dnliars 20 cents.; French five francs, silver, one I dollar; French SO francs, gold, four dollars: I Spanish dollars, 2 per cent, premium; half and quarter dollars, par. English. French, and AmerU can gold is the best coin to bring here," 