HOW IT FEELS TO BE HANGED. A SHERIFF'S STOEY. " Every one must die at some time, and I suppose it matters little in what form the end comes." So spoke John Gibson, one of the' party of friends who were gathered around a genial fire in the rooms of our mutual friend, the Sheriff of L . " I don't know," said the Sheriff; " but it always struck me that it does matter how the end comes." " If you must die," said Gibson, " what is it'to you after a few brief minutes ?" " Very true," responded the Sheriff. " A man's life is easily taken, and all modes have the same result. But then I think one ought to consider the amoant of suffering or disgrace involved in the method." " Most persons, I suppose, would prefer to die in their beds," said Gibson. " This I do not refer to, however—I speak of death by violence. If I were doomed to death I would be careless as to the means used." " Tou think so, now," remarked the Sheriff; "but, if it should come to the scratch, I think you would shun the death that involved suffering." " Don't ail the modes known involve suffering ?" " The majority, but not all. For instance, being guillotined would be far preferable to being burned at the stake. Indeed, the guillotine is really a human mode of punish-, ment. The knife drops, the victim feels a cold pressure on his neck, and then all is over." " Tou are quite eloquent," said Gibson, laughing. What do you think of the garrote ?" " I have been told that the method was not a torture," was the reply. " Eminent physicians have informed me that, besides a slight choking sensation, there is no pain in this method. The horrible contortion, and blackening of the face, has caused many to think the garrote a fearful torture; but these changes in the face are accounted for upon the simplest grounds." " So much for these," said Gibson, smiling. " Now tell us your favourite (if I may use the expression) mode of punishment." " But for the shame which attends it, I should prefer hanging," replied the Sheriff. " Upon what grounds ?" " It is the easiest and least painful method known." " How do you know this ?" " I once had a description of the whole affair from a man who was huag." The party burst into a laugh ; but the Sheriff's face did not relax a muscle. " A joke's a joke, Campbell," exclaimed Gibson; " but this yarn is rather too much for our credulity.'' " Nevertheless, it is true," replied the Sheriff; " and, if you want the matter explained. I may as well tell you the whole story." * " Very good," said Gibson. " Let's have a good one, for it will take a tough yarn to sustain your assertion." The Sheriff laughed good humoredly. " Wait till you hear it," he began. " Ten years ago I was elected Sheriff of this county. My first attempt at opening court was made ide during an important trial. The criminal was a depraved, desperate wretch, who had been indicted for a brutal and atrocious murder. The fellow was greatly hardened, and seemed to care but little how the trial resulted. The evidence was strong against him aud, when the case was submitted to the jury, they returned a verdict of' Guilty' without leaving their seats. " The execution was fixed for a certain day, two weeks after the trial. Of course it was my duty, as a Sheriff, to put the rope around the fellow's neck; and launch him into eternity. It was a distasteful duty, I assure you, for, though I knew full well the man deserved his death, I did not relish the idea of hanging him, I,got through with it, however, and sent him dancing on air. . He did not struggle much, and I thought he had an easy death. After hanging the usual time, and being pronounced dead, he was cut down, and his body given to his friends for interment. I thought I had seen the last of the man, as the wagon containing the body drove out of the jailyard % but I wa,s mistaken. " About four months after the execution I happened to be passing-my barn, when I saw a man sitting m the doorway, with his head resting on his hands. I did not like his looks, so I approached him, and asked him what he wanted there. He raised his bead and looked at me in silence. I am not given to superstition, and don't think I am very timid, but I felt my blood grow icy cola as I recognized in the man before me the person whose execution I had conducted. His face showed no traces of his violent end, and the only indication of it now visible was a slight disfigurement of the heck. I scarcely knew what to say or think, for I had sesn him hung, and heard him pronounced dead, and had delivered his body to his friends for burial; and yet, after a lapse of four months, there lie sat, looking at me with a lace as white as a sheet. The terror that was exhibited in his countenance convinced me that he, was no ghost; so I aakedjhita/with as much coolnesB as'I could command i " " Jack Larkins, do you know me ?" " You're the man that hung me," he replied, doggedly, at the same time movihg away. , " I dovered him.with my pistol, »nd told him if he moved afoot I wound-ghoot him." " He paused and looked at me fixedly, " What .do. you mean to do with wa r' he asked: -' Do you mean to haug mc again f" "It was, strictly speaking, my duty to' arrest the fellow; but I could not do it. The idea of having to hang him again was revolting, and I determined to let him escape- I told him if he would promise'to leave the neighbourhood, and never come back again, I would let him go. This he readily promised, aud assured me that he would never cross my path again, as nothing but a mere chance had led him to encounter me this time. '"Before you go, Larkins,* I said, 'I would like to hear how you cheated the gallows.' " Tou won't peach on any of them folks as helped me, will you ?' he asked. "No,' I replied; 'I will not get them into any trouble. I simply wish to know how you felt while you were hanging, and how you were resuscitated.' " He hesitated for some time, but upon a rene wal of my assurance that none of his friends should be molested, told me the following story: " When I put the rope around his neck, and left him on the gallows, he felt a faintness about the heart, causcd by his realising his fearful position, for the first time ; but before he had time to think, the trap was sprung, and he fell through the opening. The shock of the fall was rather startling than painful, and did not produce either insensibility or confusion, His thoughts were remarkably clear, and he seemed to have the power of seeing far above, below and around him. Everything assumed a bright vermillion hue; and a soft dreamy langor stole over him until he became insensible. There was nothing painful or unpleasant in anything he had undergone. He appeared to be sinkiug into a delicious sleep, aud all his thoughts were pleasant. The next thing he remembered was being wrung by the most agonizing torture. The pains were not confined to any particular place, but extended through the whole body. " His first thought was that he was in perdition, and was suffering the penalty of his crimes. The pains increased each moment, and at last became so intense that he started to his feet with a scream of anguish, at the same time opening his eyes. Great was his surprise to find himself in his father's house, in the midst of his friends and relatives. He fainted at once, and when he recovered found himself in his own bed. As soon as it was considered safe to do so, his friends informed him that, upon bringing his body home, they had determined to try to resuscitate it, although they feared it would be useless. They worked faithfully, and at last succeeded. " But, sir,' said the man, in conclusion, ' coming to life again was much worse than dying.' " The man promised to leave the State, and try to do better. 1 had but little confidence in him, yet I let him go. He kept his word, however, and, a short time ago, I heard that he was a well-to-do farmer in one of the territories. " This, gentlemen, is the manner which I got my ideas about hanging, and I think you must admit their force." A LOHG LOOK AHEAD.—A contemporary, turning his visage to the future and the misty distance of two hundred years, sees and describes the following:—Scene—House of citizen in New York. Time—a.d. 2065. A telerraphic message has been sent to a servant, who presents himself at the window in a balloon. Master: John, go to South America, and tell Mr. Johnson that I shall be happy to have him sup with me this evening. Never mind your coat, go right away. In five minutes John returns. John : Mr. Johnson says he will come; he is obliged to go to the North Pole for a moment, and will call here as he comes back. Master: Yery well, John; now you may wind up the machine for setting the table, and telegraph to my wife that Mr. Johnson will be here presently. After that, John, you may dust out the balloon—I have an appointment in London at ten o'clock. John disappears to execute these orders, while his master steps down to the West Indies to get a fresh orange. COUTEST TO THE PHESS.—At the Derby banquet, a reporter was sitting directly behind Mr. Disraeli, " taking him down" in a reporting sense. The reporter unluckily missed an important sentence, and somewhat audibly expressed his annoyance. Mr. Disraeli, on this, hesitated in true Parliamentary style, and very quiotly repeated the dropped sentence. No one but the grateful reporter knew why he did so. This week another reporter sent a hurried note to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, asking for some information as to the banquet speech. On the Thursday afternoon the foremost man in England gently walked into the reporter's " den," and politely gave the astonished " gentleman of the press" what he required. Similar anecdotes might be told of Lord Stanley, and they are merely mentioned as a hint to local " great men" who think it a part of their rSle to snub the reporter, so frequently their superior in the sense in which a man is judged to be or not to be a gentleman.—Court Journal. A GENTLE HINT.—At a concert which took place lately, a gentleman in the audience rose up just as the third piece in the programme had been performed, and said, " Mr. Conductor, will you oblige me, sir, by requesting your vocalists either to sing louder, or to sing in whispers, as there is a conversation going on close by to where I sit, that is conducted in such a loud tone as to hinder my enjoyment of the music. I refer certainly to hear the concert; but if J cannot be so privileged, I desire to hear the conversation," There was an exceedingly quiet and attentive, audience in the l.ft'1 during the rest of the evening. A FAEMEB called at the house of a lawyer to consult him professionally. ' 1st' squeer at home P he inquired of the lawyer's lady, who opened the door at his summons.' He wag answered riegatively. Disappointment shone in his face; but, after a moment's consideration, a thought revived him. ' Mebby yourself can gi' mo the necessary information. as well as t' squeer, seen as ye'er his wife." The kind lady readily promised to do so, if, on learning the nature of the difficulty, she fouild it in her power; and the other proceeded to state the caso as follows:—" Spoaze ye wur an old white"' mear, an' I should bdrry ye to gang to mill, with grist on yer back, an' we should get no farder than Stair-hill, when all at once ye should back up, and rear up, and pitch up, and kneel down, backwards, and break yer neck, who'd pay for ye? Not I, darn me if I would!' The lady closed the door. A NEW SEASON FOE A DrvoacE.-—A wife in San Francisco lately put in a petition for divorce in the court, on the ground that her husband was a "Confounded fool." The Court, who was an old bachelor, wouldn't admit the plea; because, if such a plea were to be held valid, every man would be liable to the same imputation who gets married. 