EXECUTION OF THE MURDERERS OF THE REV. MR. VOLKNER, MR. EULLOON, AND THE CREW OF THE KATE. (From the New Zealand Herald.) Oir Thursday, May 17th, the aboriginal natives, Mokomoko, Heremita, Hakaraia (murderers of the Rev. Karl Sylvius Volkner), and Horomona (accessory)', Mikaere Kirimanga (principal), for the murder of Mr. Fulloon and the crew of the Kate, were hanged within the precincts of Mount Eden Stockade. The Rev. Father Macdonald (Roman Catholic), visited the gaol on Wednesday night about 8 o'clock, just after the Rev. Mr. Grace, to whom most of the prisoners were well known, as he was to them, had left. The tangi was a scene of the most painful kind, but it produced no declaration upon the part of tho prisoners, or those who visited them, bevond what was already known. We believe, Iiowever, that the condemned pri- soners have severally written to his Excellency the Governor statements giving an explanation of their conduct, and giving an accouut of all the transactions which led up to the terrible catastrophe for .which they were condemned to suffer. A few, minutes after seven o'clock, the Rev. Dr. Maunsell arrived at the gaol, almost simultaneously with the Roman Catholic fatherB Macdonald and Nivardo. The several clergymen proceeded at once to the condemned cells, where they remained with the prisoners in prayer until a quarter of an hour before the execution. At ten minutes to eight o'clock, Messrs. Scottor struck the irons off the feet of Horomona, Propiti (Solomon the Prophet), and Mokomoko, who again retired to their cells and were engaged in prayer.until the-bell tolled. The scene which was presented at this time was more than Usually solemn and impressive. The admission to the gaol yard was by ticket, and from 150 to 200 persons must, have been present. The demeanour of the spectators, whether without or within the precincts of the gaol, was in keeping with the reality of the scene that was being enacted. At eight o'clock the prison boll tolled, when the Sheriff accompanied by the governor qf the gaol, proceeded to the condemned cells aud communicated to the clergyman in attendance' upon the Protestant culprits, Horomona and Mokomoko, that the time had expired. The cell doors were at once opened, and liis Excellency's warrant was read over to the two prisoners. The executioner, enveloped in crape to the waist, took up his position behind each prisoner as he emerged from his cell, and proceeded with alacrity to the work of pinioning. Horomona was the first to appear; his eyes were closed, and he uttered the responses in jayoice singularly sonorous, imd with enunciation particularly clear. He was entirely passive. He had been divested of the long white beard which distinguished him upou his trial, and instead of the lock of hair on his forehead, which like a phylactery marked him out as the hierophant of the new superstition, his liair was cropped close to the Ecalp. The demeanour of Mokomoko was less quiet. His restless eyes sought the face of everyone, until they met the countenance of some fellow native, of whom there were six or seven present, and then he would give expression to a conclusive " ihaia," or " What is the use ?" This word he uttered two or three times in reply to the exhortations to pray from the pseudo-prophet, his fellow in condemnation. When Mokomoko came forth into the open air he turned round towards the other divisions of the gaol aud uttered aloud " e korirah," or " Farewell," and several times on his march to tho scafl'old he exclaimed, " tenei ra kau tau na pakeha," or "Farewell pakehas." When the two men arrived at the foot of the scaffold and ascended they were self-possessed, and betrayed not the slightest indication of tremuloueuess or faltering. They were preceded by the gaoler, Mr. Tuckwell, the Sheriff, Colonel Balueavis, and Dr. Maunsell, reading the appropriate service. The air of Horomona was that of a devotee, and whilst the halter was being adjusted he was motionless, yet crying aloud, " e te, atua to tohanga e hau" (" Lord have mercy upon me"). He ventured to turn towards Moroinoko, and exhorted him to prayer, when again tho response waB "ihaia" ("What's the U6e?") During the process of adjusting the halter, Mokomoko exclaimed, " tenci ahau e mateharakore," (" I die without cause," or " I am innocent.") Having said this he closed his eyes, and gave himself entirely up to the hangman. The Rev. Dr. Maunsell having finished prayers, shook the two prisoners by the hand. The bolt was about to be withdrawn, when the executioner was so overcome with nervousness as to render it doubtful whether; if left unassisted, some misadventure - might not occur. However, the bolt was withdrawn; aud the two men fell. The dcbtli of Horomona was instantaneous. There was one convulsive shudder apparent aud all was over. Mokomoko struggled slightly, but in less than a minute all symptoms of motion had ceased to be observable. The bodies were left hanging for the usual period of an hour, when they were lowered into the coffins provided for them. The provincial surgeon pronounced tbpt life was in each case extinct. By nine o'clock a considerable accession to the number of spectators had taken place. Two catechists from the Roman College had taken up a position, kneeling, outside the penal department; the two priests (the Rev. lathers Macdonald and Nivardo) being in the cells with their penitents. The same ceremony of striking off the irons had t aken place in this case as in the former. The demeanor of Herepiita and Hakaraia was that of men thoroughly subdued, but jet placid and collected. The deportment of Kirimanga, the leader who called forjwentv men to kill the Pakehas, was that; of a person half dead. He.-kept his eyes shut, swayed about in startled impotence, and was- only sustained by his two companions—upon whose shoulders his head for some time rested during the progress to the gallows- from a thorough break down. In the case of these, as in the' former, there was no disposition to speak. They bent their heads respectfully to the unhatted crowd as they passed. In truth the two first had openly confessed their guilt, and that of all three was too fully established to admit either of complaint or explanation. The procession was preceded, as in the former case, by the gaoler and the Sheriff; in the present instance the two priests walking beside the moribund priso. ners with breviary in hand, and crucifix in view, giving out the litany for the dying, to which the prisoners half audibly responded. In this order they mounted the" scaffold— Hakaraia occupying the right hand, Hereinita the middle, and Kirimanga the extremes left. The dread preparations having been made, the clergyman passed in front of the condemned men, offering them the crucifix, which each kissed. The clergymen retired, the bolt was again drawn, and death, in the cases of Hakaraia and Heremita was instantaneous. They were exceedingly heavy, muscular, well-nourished men. Kirimanga was a singular contrast to .them; he was merely a boy, slightly built, and emaciated to a skeleton. His cheeks and eye-sockets were so hollow that he almost resembled a ghost. After the lapse of four minutes, tho hangman had to pull the body by the feet, and life was extinct. It would be in ordinary calls needless to commnnt upon the antecedents of men who have discharged the penalty of a horrible crime with the forfeit of their lives; but something more is necessary in the present case than a mere record of their execution. The victims of a debasing superstition, they lived only long enough that they might die beside the exponent of the imposture by which they were deceived. Horomona was, as he looked, the true type of the religious or irreligious enthusiast, just as his intelligence led him. Kirimanga on tho other hand, was the fitting instrument with which to work out a superstitious end, impulsive, illiterate, inconsiderate, and filled with ima^ ginary hate. Mokomoko has always borne a character of hostility to Europeans, cunning, unscrupulous, with a " lean and hungry look" for grievances. :*• Of the two men Hakaraia and Heremita, they have borne the former a neutral character, the latter a fair character. The demands of the law have been justified, well deserved retribution has overtaken the prime movers in two horrible crimes, notwithstanding-that the Royal clemency has favored some that were guilty. FBEAKS OF THE SEASON^—The extraordinary season through which we have just passed has produced a taost unusual effect upon the fruit trees, and' caused them in numerous instances toput forth small second crops of excellent fruit. We tasted tho other day some first-rate grapes, both black and white, which were tho produce of some vines in the garden of Whitehand's Royal Hotel, which have already borne a heavy crop this season. The grapes we allude to were not quite as large as usual, hut were very closely bunched, and, in flavor, were not surpassed by those ripened in the summer. In Albury we hear that the appletrees are also putting forth a second crop, and one of these unseasonable productions is now said to be no lesB than fifteen inches in circumference. Oranges, too, we find of twelve inches in circumference, were seen growing by the Colonial Secretary near that town the other day, though of course these were not out of season. If this fruit will grow in Albury, it ought to do equally well here. Perhaps some of our horticulturists will try it ?— DISTRESSING SUICIDE.—AN inquiry respecting the • death of a young man named John Hopkins, was held yesterday, before Captain Scott, at the Star and Garter Hotel, Riley-Btreet. Mrs. Lee, of Ann-street, Surry Hills, stated that deceased came to the colony from England for the benefit of his health about four months ago, since which time he liad.been lodging at her house; he laboured under some mental delusions of a religious kind. He was found yesterday morning in the closet of the house quite dead; his throat was cut, and a razor was found on the floor; the last time he was seen alive was on Wednesday night, when he retired to bed. Ho had never been heard to express a wish that he were dead. Joseph Clark, grocer, Bathurst-street, stated that deceased had been in his service about two months; the last time he saw him alive was on Wednesday night, about 9 o'clock; deceased was then apparently Buffering irom lowness of spirits; deceased was not in difficulties. Mr. S. Cozens, grocer, Pitt-street, stated that he had known deceased about twelve months; deceased was a native of London, and came to this colony in February last in the same vessel as witness; deceased had a brother who committed suicide when about twentyfour years of ago. Dr. Low, who examined the body, stated deceased had cut through the tarotid arteries, the jugular veins, and also the larynx; death must have taken place in a few minutes. Finding:—" Deceased, John Hopkins, aged about twenty-five years, committed suicide by cutting his throat with d razor, on the morning of tho 7th instant, but what state of mind he was in at the time, there is no evidence to show."— Cunrous EVENT.—A diffident Hertford bachelor went to the sea-shore in August to seek refuge from the lonelinessof his celibacy, and one dark evening, enjoying the breeze on the piazza o'f his hotel, happened to take a seat that had just been vacated by the husband of a loving wife with whom the happy man had-been chatting. In a few moments the lady returned, and, mistaking the stranger for ber husband, lovingly encircled his neck and cave him an affectionate kiss, with the remark, " Come, darling, is it not about time to retire ?" He did not faint, but the shock was very levere.—The American Joe Miller. W. W. Express. S. M. Herald. 