GOONDIWINDI. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. J Congrntutato us, dear Mr. Editor, and this timo not oo any idea! blessings. Rain has fallen throughout the district : tho best Christmas gift, and wc o'urflow with gratitude, and our lands with water. Grass is springing with wonderful rapidity. Trees that tower aloft in swelling strength, and herbs that creep beneath, and nil that the gardens of nature and art adorn, look bright, and green, and pleasant. From an oxistence of hopelessness and despair, animals, too, are swelling into life and energy. Myriad frogs croak forth their re joicings. Even ' the buzz of the stinging pests brings associations of plenty onoc more. A supply equal to their demand of renovated blood will now circulate through and beneath tha glossy skins of well-fed beasts. This necessary rain has given an impetus to trade and speculation also, and tho pockets of those who lovo sport in honour of 44 Merrio Christmas" now open to the demands of the Treasurer of the Rnco Fund. An enticing programme is exhibited, and the townsmen thcmselessocm determined that 44 thoso Now South Wales fellows" shall not pockot tho prizes so easily this year ns on former occasions. Tho change in the weather, we presume, has brought on a change in the bodily system among many of our families, more sudden than pleasant. The value of n doctor ought now to declare itself with grantor effect than hitherto, in the face of the community. Hardly any support has yot been contributed to the present one, Dr. Mcrtcl, although all are willing to agree in acknowledging his worth. From a statement made public by the Treasurer of tho " Doctor's Fund, the sum of £3G Gs. represents the total collections of ono year. This ik not at nil in accordance with our big talk of £200 before we got one, and wo fear that when the force nf circumstances drives him from among us, tho regret of a great number of towfi and station residents will vent itself aloud iu equally strong but fruitless repinings. December 3, 18G6. Fraudulent Horsedealino. — Joseph. Row, horsekeeper, was indicted for having unlawfully coospired, together with one Turner, to defraud Henry Harper Greer of the sum of £110 by falso pretences. Tho prosecutor in this case is acolonel in tho 68th Regiment, and on the 18th June ho observed the following advertisement in , tho Times :— 4 Horses.— Pair of remarkably- handsome brougham, phas.ton, or riding geldings 15 hands 3 high, five and six years old ; thoy step and go well together, equally good in single harness, with fast and superior action ; ono a good hunter, carried 17 stone last season ; tho other a clever charger, and carries a lady in a perfect manner. The property of a gentleman who can be treated with, and will allow a trial, nnd warrant them sound and perfect. Prico moderate, together or separate. — Seo owner's servant, King's Head-yard, ten doors from .London-bridge, Borough.' The prosecutor on seeing this advertisement, went to King's Head stnbles, and there found tho prisoner who was dressed ns a coachman, and also a man named Tumor, who represented himself. ns the owner of tbo horses. The prisoner said, 1 1 have been 15 months with Mr. Turner as coachman, I have known tbe horses all tho time, and they have never had anything wrong with them. They are perfectly sound and gentle, and one has been ridden as a charger with the Volunteers.' He also represeuted that tho other was perfect, and carried 17 6tone with tho Queen's hounds last year; nnd ho added that the charger had been trained to carry a lady, and that Mr. Turner's daughter had ridden it. Tho prosecutor on these representations bought both tho horses for £110, and paid the money to Turner. It was arranged that the prosecutor should call tbo next morning and remove the horses to Southsca, and when he called the prisoner said, "Turner has gone to Brighton to seo his sick daughter ; he could not give mo the direction ; it will be all right about tho warranty.' Tho warranty, however, never was given; The prosecutor then asked Mr. Ste vens' veterinary snrgoon to examine tho horses, and he found both of them unsound. They were lame in the hocks, tho wind of one of them was defective, aud be was a roarer. The value of both was about £30. Tho whereabouts of Turner had not yot been discovered. Tho prosecutor has since sold one of tho horses for £16 ; tho other remained in his possession. Tho prisoner was immediately found Guilty, and was sentenced to bo imprisoned and kept at hard labour for eight calendar months.— Weekly Dispatch . Shocking Accident. — News has reached here from Goulhurn of a dreadful accident tbat had occurred to a person named Slater, nnd his wife, who, wo understand, were rcsi dents of Fairyholo Creek, a few miles from Ynss. Slater appears to have had charge of a dray laden with sugar, and drawn by eight horses. At tho timo tho mailman passed, shortly after 1 o'clock, the team was on Little Kuzorback, about four miles from Gunning. Thcro were then only iivo horses in tho dray, tbe remainder Laving apparently made their escape. Slater was found in an insensible state, lying on the road with both bis legs broken, and his wife a hundred yards nearer, in the direction of Yass, with ono of her legs broken, and with the loss of one of her eyes. It is supposed that in descending Little Razor- back tho horses started off, an d that Slater, who, it is probublo, had been -riding at the time, jumped off, and in doing so .tripped, falling at the .time under the wheel. His wifu, very probably, attempted to make an cscapo at some other part of the dray, nnd met with the accident we have described. When tbc mail coach passed, the driver; Thomos Jenkins, rendered all the assistance he could to the sufferers, placing his coat over Slater's body for the purpose of keeping off tho flies, which were very troublesome, and made the fact of tbe accident known to Mrs. Kioncar, tho wife of a farmer close by, as well as to tbe son of Mr. Joues, who keeps, tho tollbar. Botb of these rendered all the assistance in their power. "When the mailman reached Gunning, j,o gave information to the police, who quickly repaired to the spot, but unfortunately both tbe resident medical men wcro absent from tho township at tho lime. We understand that Slater and his wifo have been removed to tho Goulhurn hospital, and that the police had charge of tho property.—' Yass Courier.' American Railways. — Tho New York City Council have given to a company per mission to erect an experimental seotion of a railway for the purposo of determing whother its bucccss will warrant the extension of roads of this kind to relieve tbo over-crowded streets at tbo west of tho oity. Should tho project rcccivo . tho sanction of the Mayor, the corporation intend to liavo the trial sec tion erected and ready for inspection hy tho 1st of January next. Tho rails upon which tho cans aro to run will rest upon wrought iron columns, 14 feet high above the lovol of tho side walk. These posts will bo seourod in masonry beneath the level of the street. Tho cross streets will bo spanned with orna mental bridges of steel trestle-work, which. will combine both beauty and safety. Tho. motive power will ho supplied by engines of 30-horso power placed in vaults beneath tho surface of the street at intervals of half a mile. Attached to tbe engines will be a number of large drum:?, over which will re- i volvc an endless wire rope, wbich, passing up through the hollow iron pillam to the level of the track, will extend between the rails for a distance of a quarter of a mile each way from tho engine, and will return in pipes placed beneath tho pavement. The cars, by an iu- gonious patented device, pass from one lcugtU of rope to anothor without change of speed, and yot tho conductor iusido tho car can, by use of hand levors, stop or start the cars at pleasure anywhere on the road. Stations will be placed at a distance of about five blocks from each other, and for waiting rooms por tions of'tho second storeys of buildings adjoin- iug the track will be hired. Shocking Accident at Otteby Sr. Mary. — Eight Lives Lost. — A short timo ago we had to .chronicle a devastating fire at Ottcry St. Mary ; now wo bavo the sad task of recording thqt a shocking accident occurred on Sunday evening, hy which several persons lost their lives, and a number of others wcia seriously injured. On Sunday evening, a female member of the Plymouth Brethren, Eliza Hawker, of Treble's paper mills, Exwick, addressed a crowd of from 120 to 150 persons, from tho ruins of the shop formerly occupied by Abraham Harding, a grocer, at the end of Jcsu-Btreot, leading into the square. Opposito wore tho ruins of the house occupied previous to the fire by Mr. "Windovcr, suddlcr, consist ing of a portion of wall six feet in length and ton feet in height, and a chimney fifteen feet high behind it. At half-past seven o'clock, the congregation from tho neighbouring chapel augmented tho crowd. Thoro was no indica tion of approaching dangor, aud tho people wore quietly listening to tho preacher. . Pre sently, anoiso as of something giving way was heard, and inBtantlv tho chimney tottered over and foil on tbc wall, and before tbe crowd had timo to cscapo, tho mass of brickwork xras on thorn. The scone was of tbo most heartrend ing description. In place of tho ono voico whioh had been beard just before, tho cries aud shrieks of a hundred voices rent tho air ; tbe road was covered with tbo ' debris, among which lay tbo mangled bodies <of those on whom it hud fallon. Tho groans of tho in jured and dying mingled with the lamenta tions of their friends, whom the news of tho disaster soon brought to the spot. Tho unfor tunate sufforors wcro soon extricated, and con veyed to public bouses and to their own homes, where those in whom life was not extinct were attended by Dr. "Whitby, Messrs. Edwards Davy, and Ottory, surgeons, and Dr. Gerard, Honiton. Tho town. was. in a state of tho greatest consternation, and the excitement was speedily communicated to tho neighbouring places. Tho names of tho dead aro Johu Gillhain, a boy of si£ years of age, son of Mr. Gillau), watchmaker ; Emma Rowe, single woman, twouty, daughter of atlmtcber; Jane Lang, twenty-three, wifo of James Lang, car penter and machinist ; Mary Ann Bishop, widow of a miller (she buried hor husband last week); Elizabeth Davis, a young woman, dressmaker, residing with hor .grandfather, a' mason ; Elizabeth Kellow, sixteen, living with her mother, a widow, who keeps a small dairy; Emma Hako, sixteen, daughter of John Hukc, of the Lamb and Flog Inn ; and James Lang, tho husband of the woman Jane Lnngwho was killed; died subsequently. The seriously injured persons are: — Elizabeth Rounsvill, twenty, daughter of Samuol Rounsvill, la bourer; Fanny Temple, twenty; Elizabeth Green, daughter of James Green, shoemaker; Georgo Pylo, oigbfc, son of Mr. Pyle, oftho Volunteer Inn; Gillam, a ooung woman of seventeen, sister to tho boy Gillam, who wob killed; Biddy Jeffrey, eighteen, daughter of "W. Jeffrey, of tho Five Bells Inn ; Lutley, a pensioner from the Marines, working as a la bourer, and his wife, each aged about fifty; and Robert Cbamson, twenty-four, mason. W. Churchill, twenty-three, labourer, had his too smashed ; Baker, fifty, gardener to Sir John Coleridge, bad his leg broken, and is now an inmate of the Devon and Exeter HospituL Besides these, at least a dozen persons woro more or less severely bruised. Lovoll, a la bourer, had his clothes torn in pieces, hut es caped with slight 'bruises, and many other persons escaped with comparatively slight in juries. A strong wind was Mowing at tho time of tho accident, and it ib believed that the foundation of tbo chimney had been sapped by water whicb had collected round it since tho great fire. It seems pretty clear th&t.such; a ruin ought not to bavo been allowed to 6tand. — ' "Weekly Dispatch/ Sep tember 9. SuicideatSea. — "While the barquo Cbnnza, (arrived at Greenock from Mutanzas) was on hor outward passage from Liverpool, & seaman named Augustus Stevens was. ordered to be put in irons for disobedience. Having subse quently agreed, however to return to duty, tho captain told the second inato to take him on deck and relieve him of his irons. On reaching tho quarter-deck, tho second mato wont to the first officer to get the key of tho irons, hut whilo he was doing so, Stevens jumped overboard. .The helm was put down and tho vessel brought to tho wind — the cap tain asconding tho roizen rigging to look out. A boat was lowered, manned by the second mate nnd two seamen, and a long search mado for tho unfortunate man, but without success. Stevens was a nativo of London, and about forty-five years of oge. — ' Glasgow Herald." Two and a Half. — A comedian at St. James's Hall, meeting &n; author who sometimes makes puns, challenged him upon the moment to pro duce ono on the giant Annk. The gentleman so challenged merely replied, "I have not a knack at all, man, to do so;" (Annk, a tall man.) 41 Thcro," said he, 44 there are two and a half for you." Guilt, though it may attain temporal splendou can never confer real happiness ; tho evil consc qucnces of our crimes long survive their commis sion, and, like tho ghost of the murdered, for ever buiiot the steps of tho malefactor; while tho paths of virtue, though seldom thoso of worldly greatness, aro always thoso of pleasantness and poaco. 