MISCELLANY. TUE Austrian Government has adopted the Lindner gan for the army. MR. CTRUS W. FIELD baB been nominated by n Nevada paper for the next Presidency. THE rate of insurance upon the ship General Grant, which hoB now hoon at áea!52 dayB from Melbourne, with £10,600 in gold, baa advanced at Lloyd's to Bixty guineas. THERE is a report that an energetic effort, will be made next session by the leaders of fashion in Paris to revive the practice of powdering the hair. THE fonndation-stone of a~ new cathedral at Inverness, to be called the Cathedral of Moray, has been laid by the Archbishop of Canterbury. GENERAL RICHARD GANO, of the late Confe- derate States Army, has taken the pulpit, and is preaching in Bourbon county, Kentucky. «. AT Old Ford, a few days ago, a German merchant named Felix shot himself, in con- sequence of heavy losses, caused chiefly by the dishonesty of bia travellers. AN Italian has been arrested at New Or- leans for poisoning a family of four persons with a venomous ring, a scratch from which caused death. AT Bathampton, noar Bath, the rustics de- clared that they had repeatedly seen ia the churchyard tho ghost of their recently de- ceased pastor. The police were at length set to watch, and arrested-a large white owl. AT Sutton, in Dorsetshire, a few days since, some Roman remains, consisting of urns and human skeletons, were dug upe from only two feet beneath the surface, in an apple orchard. THE Hon. Jabez L. M. Gurry, of Alabama, at one time tbo ablest Southern representa- tive in Congress, hes withdrawn from poli- tical life and entered the church. His ser- mons are said to bo very brilliant. IHE annual ceremony of crowning the King of the Pumpkins, at the Central Markets, Paris, took place the other day. The vege- table which obtained the honour this year weighed 258 pounds. THERE are in France 24,003 evening schools, attended by 600,000 pupila, mostly adulta; 30,000 teachers are employed, and the establishments are nearly all supported by voluntary contribntion. JOHN H. SURRATT, the principal confederate of J. Wilkes Booth in the assassination plot, is now living in a friendly European coun- try, and Secretary' Seward knows of his v,hereabouts; so said Mr. Boutwell, of Massa- chusetts, in a recent speech at Marlborough. In some parta of Germany every bottle containing poibon is labelled with a death's » head and cross bones, as black as printer's ink can paint them. Every parcel of poison- ous medicine sent to a patient has a similar label over the address. r ASCHOONER, named the Charlotte, leftMomel for Dunbar three months ago, and only ar- rived at her destination on the 13th October; duiing the interval she had been beating alout the north sea, unable to make a port. The Voyage ia sometimes made in four days. THE three telegraphic cables in the Channel, which were broken by ships' anchors during the recent gales, have been repaired, and the telegraph communication between England and France, and England and Belgium, is re- established. f* THE London" Dress-making Company (limited) at a recent meeting declared a divi- dend of ten per cent, per annum, and fifteen per cent, of the profits were placed at the dis- posal of the committee' of management for distribution amongst the most deserving. employes. JUDGE MUIR, of the Court of Common Plefte, at Louisville, has refused a writ of habeas * corpus to John Clifton (coloured) and Molly, his wife (white), who have been arrested at Louisville for amalgamation. It will be remembred that the p»rtie3 were married at Xenia, Ohio. THE emigration of squirrels westward» which was noticed all over the state of Michigan a short time ago, is now being followed by a migration of bears. The same reason accounts for both-a scarcity of mast, aa both of these animals depend on nuts, &a;, for food. THE eleven pheasants brought to England from Japan by the captain of the Leopard have been sold for the enormons sum of £240. The two Japanese pug dogs brougbt homo by one of the other officers, and which have been adveitised for sale for fifty guineas, remain on band. THE old " Council Tree of the Sénecas," neorly five centuries old, at Mount Morris, N. Y, was blown down recently. It mea- sured twenty-three feet in circumference. The solemn councils of the Seneca chiefs were held beneath this tree from time imme- morial. LORD BROUGHAM has talked with a lady who lived in the reign of Charles II.; that lady was his great great aunt, who died at the age of 106, in the yoor 1789. Longevity runs in the Brougham family; Lord Brougham's grandfather died at ninety three and his mother at e'shty nine. The Brighton coach was npaet on Fridoy night a few miles on this side of Brighton, through one of the horses taking fright. There were seventeen paBsengerá, some of whom were hurt, butwho they were or what injuries they received do not appear.-Pall Mall Gazette, Oct. 1. A SUICIDE has taken place at Whltbread's brewery, London, under circumstances of a remarkable character. A labourer, named Ward, who was employed in that great esta- blishment, being tired of life, jumped into a huge vat filled with carbonic acid gas. Some troublo was experienced in getting the body out. He was pronounced to be of unsound mind, A LETTER from Zanzibar, on the south- eastern coast of Africa, written on July 11, EtatcB that Dr. Livingstone, the celebrated explorer, was at that time in the interior, living with a native chief. He was prepar- ing for a thorough exploration of the north end of Lake Nyasaa, a large inland sea ol south- eastern Africa, situated in lat. lOdeg, south, and long. 30deg. east, only the south- ern end of which has yet been examined. THE Ceylon"papers Btate that almost al soon as the Atlantic cable was laid a captain of a ship who arrived at Point de Galle tele graphed to his owners at New York. He tele graphed to the agents in London, and thej telcgrophed to America, but the answer wai sent direct from New York to Galle, The dia tance which the telegram and the repb. travelled was 20,000 miles, and the cost wai £60. THE chief engineer of the Turkish squadroi at Candia, a Scotchman named Andrew Cas sells, îecently embraced Mandam, for whicl act of faith he waB immediately promoted and made a hey. Oassells was a member o the Free Church of Scotland, and WOB lookei upon as a religious character. He ÍB a ver, fair Turkish scholar, and since his adoptior of his new faith keeps aloof from all hi former European friends. AN amusing illustration of the sort c blunders which Frenchmen make in writin or Bpeaking English is afforded by the Intei national, ajournai which, being published i London as well as in Paris, ought to b exempt from such peculiarities. Among th spectacles de Londres 'It announce« this wee "My Husband Ghost." at the Haymarket " Nursery Chickweed," at the Lyceum ; ". Sheep in Wolsf's Clothing," at the Adelph and " weeharts and Wives," at Sadler's Well After this, the " divine Williams" ought n longer to surprise UB.-London Review, DEATH OP THE AUTHOR OP "THE LAM LIGHTER."-Miss Maria S. Cummins, daughti of the late Judge David Cummins, die recently at her residence, in Dorchester, afti n long illneBS. She is best known, perhap ne the author of The Lamplighter, a nov which was published in 1853, and passe through several editions, both inthiscounti aud in England. Among her other bool were Mabel Vaughan, Al Fureidis, and Haunt Hearts, Of Inte, we believe, her writings haï been chiefly confined to contributions to ti Atlantic Monthly and Our Young Folks, - Moiton Advertiser, SANTA ANNA, tbq agod Mexican exile, h opened, on Staten Island, New York, what! calls the " Bureau of the Mexican Republic and from bia place he despatches documen bearing, in Spanish, the title of " Mexict Republic ; General-in chief of the Liberatii Army; Head-quarters, New York," &o.; S bcBides the Juarez faotion, jind tho Orte; faction, and the innumerable guerilla chit that look with longing eyes towards t' Mexican throne, we now have this new ai aged aspirant for the Imperial purple. A decree of tho Spanish Government h been published in America, ordering that i six months to come no export duties will levied in the island of Coba upon arlicl subject to the regulations of the Spani tariff. It aleo enacts that no discriminatio Bhall be made between Spanish and forei vessels trading with Onba. These provisio remove many of the restrictions now impos npon Cuban trade, and for six months come will no doubt give an additional im- petus to the trade between that island and Great Biitain and the United S tatos. The Yankees, never at a IOBS for a now in- vention, havo fenmed a joint stock company, with a large capital, to' search for Captain Kidd's treasures ! Kidd was a pirate of the 17th century, who was said to havo buried enormous amounts of plunder in neglected places along tue shores of NewEngland. This enterprising company have already begun to B'ric a well on tho coast of Connecticut, and are guided by. the son of a mau who, when living, was supposed to be in Captain Kidd's confidence. This Quixotic enterprise, ni though FO chimerical, lies many devoted believers in Kew England. A VENETIAN SYMBOL.-One of the proposed ceremonies on the entry of King Victor Emmanuel into Venice was. that "one of the most beautiful women of Venice, entirely clothed in mourning, and covered* with' chains, will be presented to His Majesty at the moment of his coming in sight of the city, but in place of the keys of the city, the iPodeBta will offer to the King a symbolic axe, destined to strike olf the chains of slavery. At the same instant the shackles of the cap- tive and her mournful vestments will disap- pear at the Bound of salvos;of artillery and of popular acclumations. Venice personified, transformed- into a Goddosa of Liberty, will then present ta the King the traditional cushion, upon which will be found a golden key." T:iiE trial of Mr. Greenland,, late manager of the Leeds Banking Company, on the charges of perjury recently preferred against him'before the Leeds borough magistrates, took place at tho Central Criminal. Court, before Mr. Baron Pigott. After an hour and ten niinutea' deliberation, the jury found the. prisoner guilty,,-with a 'strong recommen; dation to mercy on account of his old age, the loose manner In which the bank's affairs had been conducted, and the belief that he had been placed in that position by others who had been in the witness box. He was thereupon discharged on giving recognisance'), himself in £Í,C0U, and two others in £500 each, to como up for judgment next session. A TUBLIO meeting, under the auspices of the-Liverpool Auxiliary of the United King- dom. Alliance for the Suppression of the Liquor Traffic, was held at the College, Shaw street, on the 20th October, for the purpose of Welcoming the Hon. General Neal Dow, the author of the Maine Law Liquor Bill, to England. The largo lecture-hall was crammed -In every part, and hundreds wore ,unable to obtain admittance. The proceedings were of a very enthusiastic character, and General Neal Dow received a right cordial welcome. Accompanying him was a strong deputation from the United Kingdom Alliance, who take the opportunity, OB appropriate to the pre-. Bent position of tbo town in relation to the" liquor trafile, to urge the right of the people to be heard as to its desirability or not among themselves. SEAWORKS ON SAND.-Tho difficulty of con- structing marino works on sand, to which re- ference waa lately made by the leading jour- nal, has been surmounted in the breakwater now in course of construction at St. Ives, on the coast of Cornwall. The position of the bay, at the mouth of the Bristol Channel, opening to the Atlantic, exposes it during storms to a very heavy ses, immense waves rushing in from the ocean, and breaking with such violence that Godeloy Lighthouse, which is 120 feet high, is at times hidden from view. The breakwater has been extended into the sea nearly COO feet, into n depth of five fathoms at high water, and-, although It was incomplete whon exposed to the storms of. lost winter, it sustained no damage. The engineer is Mr. Michael Scott, of London, whose novel principio of construction has solved the problem of building upon sand, and at a cost BO low that such works may be brought within tho limited means locally obtainable for harbour improvements. Dr. Beke, in a letter to The Times, points out, in opposition to Mr. Piad, various reasons for thinking that the story which the Count de BisBon has published of a great- battlo in Abyssinia, in which the Emperor was defeated, moy bo true. The " Englishmen "»mentioned in the letter as aiding the insurgents were, he says, doubtless Frenchman. When Dr. Bebe was in AbjBsiniii, in the beginning of the present year, there were several French- men there. He personally knew six, and heard that more were expected. Moreover it is avowed by Count do Bisson that one member (at the least) of his " French colony of Abyssinia" was present at the battle. ' "I am far from desiring," says Dr. Beke, "to express myself positively on the subject ; but, taking into consideration all tha circum- stances thus stated, 1 fear that, after making every allowance for evident Anglo-phobia and exaggeration, thero is too much reaBon for believing the report (of Count do Bisson) to have a solid foundation of truth."-Pall Mall Gazette. The announcement of the opening of the Suez Canal is another of tho age's marvels. We do not look upon it with much confi- dence. We English have been in the habit of regarding the whole scheme as purely Utopian, and, although there may have been an unconEcious leaven of prrjudice, perhaps of jealousy, In that opinion, it waa founded nevertheless on authentic data, and sustained by the judgment of distinguished engineer*. But M. de LessepB declares that the canal will be opened about this time for the conveyance of merchandise to India via the lied Sea ; and to do M. de LesBeps justice, he has never fal- tered in his faith from the moment he began the work up to the present hour. We must accept the fact, therefore, whon it ha3 taken place ; but there remains behind it a problem of still gwator moment. Grant that M, de Lesseps opens the canal ; can he insure ita being, kept open? This is a question which will be answered Intimo. In the mean- while, it 1B only pioper to say that all the Informaron that has reached us on the sub- ject tends io confirm the impression that the toils of M. de Lesseps very closely resemble the hopeless labours of Sisyphus, Mais nous verrons. SUICIDE or AN ECOENTRIO SCHOOLMASTER. -Mr. J. Carlyon, one of the county coronera of Cornwall, held an inquest a few days ago on the body of Henry Nicholls, a-well-odu catcd man, who had lor some years followed tho occupation of a schoolmaster, but who for the last four years had excluded himself from the world in a most eccentric fashion. He purchased a ship's launch, which ho decked over and converted into a sailing boat, in which ho lived alone, having no communi- cation with the outer world .except when compelled to go on shore for necessaries. During the summer months he cruised about the coast, and in winter ho lay up in'some creek. Tho boat wfta badly in- jured by tho gales of last winter, and Bince that time he has remained in 'Mylor Creek, neor Falmouth. Not having been seen on deck for Eoveral uaye, the boat waa boarded by a cousin of Nicholls's, who lives at M j lor. On ontoring tho cabin, he found deceased- on the- bed with his head hanging down on the floor. He wai quita dead, and held a revolver .pistol in his hand. Ho had shot himself in tha mouth. Ho had been dead sevoral days. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of "Temporary insunity." DESPERATE ArrBAX.-Ide-hill, an isolated hamlet, about four miles from Sevenoaks, waB the Eceno of a desperate affray on the 29th September, between some of tho inhabitants of that neighbourhood and a number ol strangers who weio employed on a farm le an adjoining parish as hop-pickers. Th« strangers had been spending the evening at a beerhouse kept by one of the men employed in the hop-garden, and they remained there until the usual oloBing time, which was ter o'clock. 'After they left they called at a pub licbouso within four or five mjnutea' walk and some angry words passed between therr and some of the neighbouring labourers whe were drinking there. As soon as the] got put of the house, .the landlord having deEired them all to go home, a general Ugh ensued, in which sticks and knives were freely used. Ona of the strangers was taker up in an insensible condition, his right eye being cut open, tho upper part ofhisokul broken in, and a frightful wound extending from the top of his foiohead to MB nose, be sides lesser injuries, and he died as he wa being removed to the union. A second mar of tho same party, named Grimes, was als« taken to the nnion, hiB skull being fractured and it was reported that ho had diad ; whili of the homo people), ono had a fractured sknl caused by one of his own party, and auothe was severely cut in bia left aim, and other were more or less injured. Three young mon named James Wood, Martin Qaittenden, am JameB Bartholomew, who were recoguiaei as having been the ringleaders, are In cus tody. FALL OF A QUAY SHED AT BIRKENHEAD Ytsterday morning, about half past twelv o'clock, upwards of 00 yards of the roof of th eh ed on the quay at the south side of th Egerton Dock at Birkenhead fell with tremendouB crash. It appears that one of tb pillars at the northern side gavo way, whic Btems to havo been the cause of the accidenl Thero wero at the time a number of railwa waggons in the shed, loaded with enge which was being transferred to a vesse in the dock, and about twenty men were err ployed in-the place, bat only one man re- ceived any serious injury. This man, whose name ia JameB Webster, living at 32 Nep tune-Btreet, waa on one of the wnçgons when part of the debris fell on him, inflicting inju- ries about the head and body, but more par- ticularly to one of his thighs. He waa at once conveyed to the' Borough Hospital, where it was found necessary to amputate the limb, but he died shortly after the opération. The'poor fellow leaves a wife and child, his wife having been confined only about ton days ago. Another person who was on tho same WBggon eecaped without injury. Had it not been for several waggons being under the roof the loss of life would have been serious, na the waggons protected the men from tho effects of th'e fallir)g roof. The roof was composed of sheets of iron fastened together, and fell in a mass, but the noise caused by its giving woy enabled several to escape. When con-, verted into a temporary goods station for the Great Western Railway Company, it was en- closed with brick walls, except on that Bide nest to the dock quay. Captain Hookey, tbo harbour-master of Birkenhead, and Mr. Proo ter, a foreman in the company's service, were quickly at the scene of the accident to render all the assistance in their power,-Liverpool Courier, Oct. 27. ELOPEMENT, OP A MARRIED MAN AND A YOUNO LADY.-The following extraordinary case hns transpired in this town. On the 29th n female of elegant and attractive ap- pearance, accompanied by a fine-lookiog young man, called on Mr. William Campbell, private inquiry office keeper, and inquired if he could catch nn absconding husband and young lady. The" lady informed him that her hus bond, Mr. John Rylett, of Sowerby, in York- shire, bed run away with a young lady named Martha RoBBington, nineteen yeara of age ; that he had sold all his property, had taken away about £500 along with the young lady, who wnB a .friend of hers, and whoBe family are highly respectable in the locality where her husband resided. "She told the following story:-That herhusbnnd, who was engaged in general business, and held a considerable farm, had sent her into the country, to visit some friends, and in her absence ho sold all his property for about' £500, and then ran off with Miss Rossington, wbosebrother was now her (Mrs. Rylett's) companion in tho chase of tho pair. Mr. Campbell and his visitors then proceeded to an office where passengers are booked by the mail steamers for America, and tbere ascertained that on the 26th two passengers, who gave the name of John and Martha Rylett, had booked and Balled by the steamer City of New York, and of course this discovery put an end to further pursuit or in- quiry. The runaway husband is described as a fine athletic man of about thirty years of age, and the companion of his flight a highly accomplished and handsome person of nine- teen ye ara old. She waa a iriend, of Mrs. Rylett's, and a constant visitor at her house ; but nothing of an improper character was ever suspected until they were missed last week. EMBEZZLEMENT or £6,000 BY'A COLLIERY MANAGER.-On Monday, at the Barnsley Police Court, before the sitting)magistrale, Mr. E.*C. Bower, John Clarkson Sutcliffe, late manager of the North Gawber Colliery, near Barnsley, waa brought up on re- mand, charged with embezzling certain money belonging to his employer», Mesar?. Richard Thorp and Co. The defalcations amount to between £6,000 and £7,000. The prisoner has hitherto beld a very respect- able "position, and'is well connected in the town of BarnsIey.'Bome of his friendB bein;» themselves colliery proprietors. For a great number of years he has had the entire monagement of the North Gawber Colliery, the Messrs. Thorp placing the most implicit confidence in the prisoner. He enjoyed, it is said, a very liberal salary, with án exten- sive house free of rerit, and other .con- siderations. Recently the principal partner in the firm, Mr. Richard Thorp, died, and the books were placed in the hands of an accountant, Mr. Benjamin Bailey, of Leed?, who ia also a relative of the Thorp family. Then it was that the accountant discovered that for several years large sums of money had been paid to the prisoner, of which he had given no account. A warrant was issued for bia apprehension, and for a period of three weeks he has been in custody. The court was densely crowded by all classes of persons, who appeared anxious to hear the case, but hundreds bad to go away, being unable to gain admission. There ÍB a deep and wide- spread sympathy for the immediate relatives and family of the prisoner. The prisoner was remanded to Monday next, the bail being fixed at £10,000.-Liverpool Journal, Oct. 27. EXTRAORDINARY ACCIDENT.-An inquest has been held upon the body of Charles Spear, a sweep, living in Ludlow, who met his death under the following circumstances : -On Monday, the deceased, in company with a fellow sweep named Maund, was engaged in sweeping a chimney at the house of a farmer named Hodnet. Maund was up the chimney, and the deceased was hold- ing the cloth in front of the fireplace, when, having finished the job, Maund in coming down puthis foot against something which fell with nim into the grate. A sharp explosion followed, and Maund, who had on the cap worn by sweeps when climbing, and could not eee anything, heard the deceased exclaim, " Oh Lord, Bill, whatever shall I do ? I shall be dead 1" Maund then extricated himself from the cloth in which he waa en- tangled, and found that be had kicked down a loaded gun, the "contents of which had entered the stomach of the deceased. The deceased, notwithstanding the frightful nature of hiB injuries, walked across the kitchen, and pointing to the wound, Baid, "Whatever will my fother and mo- ther think of this, Bill?" Assistance boing procured, he was carried to the work- house at Tenbury, where he died in great pain early on the following afternoon. In the course of the inquiry it transpired that Mr. Hodnet had loaded and capped the gun, and placed it, " for safety and out of the reach of the children," in the chimney corner, where it bad remained for eighteen months. The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," and passed a strong censuie upon Hodnet for his stupidity in selecting the kitchen chimney as, a place wherein to keep a loaded gun,-Liverpool Courier, Oct. 27. DREADruL MORDER IN DERBYSHIRE.-Absut twelve o'clock on Sunday morning, a murder was repoited to Deputy-chief constable Moran, of the county of Derby, as having taken place at Obaplo Hollow, Belper. He imme- diately repaired to the Bpot, and found that an old man named Alfred Gibson bad been Bhot dead by a young man who goes by the name of Daniel Marsh, who was then in cus- tody, with a discharged gun in his band. The murdered man was instantly removed. Two or three surgeons (including Mr. R. R, Allen and Mr. Johnson) were sent for, but on their arrival in a few seconds, deceased was found to have been dead some time, having been shot in the bowels (from the side), which were protruding. An old woman, Sarah Gaunt, was passing the "Hollow" when the dia- bolical deed took place. She said that de- ceased, the alleged murderer, and several other men were standing together in the Btreet ; as she was neariug them she heard £ gun discharged; then saw a blaze. Deceased commenced to stagger, and she ran up and caught hold of him round the waist, saying "I am afraid-you are hurt, my lad." He replied, "I am Bhot; it's all over with mo!' and then fell dead at her feet. Just at thal moment Sergeant Carter, Acting-sergeant Hoi llngworth, and another police constable, cairn up and fonnd prisoner with the recçntly- dla charged gunin his hand. The deputy chief con stable then arrested the accused, and adminis tered the usual caution to him. He then re marked, "I'll say ' nowt'atall; he wanted t< take my gun. and the'affair was done in i stiuggle." The accused was then safely con veyed to the chief constable's house, where h was kept under surveillance all yesterdaj Tho murdered man is a character well kuowi to the police, having been several tlmea con victed. He ÍB also a married man, with family of children. The accused is also ; native of Belper, being a nailer by trade Previous to tbe committal of the murder th parties, with several others, had been drink ing at various publichonees in Belper. N reaBon can be assigned for the act. save th prisoner's statement to the police. Necoaear information was instantly given to th coroner of the district, and also to the ebie: constable of the county, Mr. J. W. Fox. Quit a gloom was cast over the town during tb whole of Sunday, and the ne wa rapidly sprea through the surrounding districts.-Birmirii ham Gazette. DEATH or A MILITIA OrncEE TROM TH DISCHARGE OF A GUN-Before the public< Preston had recovered from the consternatio caused by the suicide of Mr. Riley, solicito: the startling rumour was circulated the Captain Evan Francis Anderton, of Haightoi house, a few miles north of Freston, had bee killed by the discharge of his own gun. Vi ricus accounts were given, of the sad cata 'trophe-some affirming that thegentlema had committed suicide, and others that h death waa accidental. One report gava ti library at Haighton-bouse as the scene of tt melancholy occurrence ; another, thesmoklr fand gun room, where he had been clcanir his gun ; and another was to the effect thi the deceased had accidentally met hie deal while ont shooting, and it was even* statt that men had been Been carrying the body. home across the fields. Tbo following parti- culars, however, obtained in the immediate neighbourhood of Halghton-house, may be relied upon as accurate.--Captain Anderton, of the let Boyal Lancashire Militia, lived at Haighton-house with his mother, two aistois, and a younger brother. For a few day« prior to his death ha had - been ill, »ud waB attended by the family physician. 0n Friday he was worse, and his mother visit«! him two or three times during the) nlgUf. When the buller, Mr. Rushton, went to cal/ 4. him on Saturday morning, he was eittiogooai the bed, apparently in a low state of mind.anefto . shortly afterwards (twenty minnies to mm)\a the report of a gun waa beard. The beitlasi^, ran upBtairs, and in the gunroom fourni ulsaij maBter lying on the floor dead, the ope^c». portion of his body being under aï}* table. The feet of the deceased Rm¡M¿ man were close together; a doubleUQP reled gun was lying along and 4pon the body, the barrels being grasped A. by one hand of the deceased ; and 4« upon his breast lay the upper half of a walk- ,; ing stick. The head of deceased waa blown ia open, and presented a frightful Bpeetîole ;il", brains were sticking to the ceihng of the :cl room, nnd two clots of brains and a large 1' pool of blood lay upon the floor. An inqueät WOB to bave been lioldntHaighton-houBC, at six o'clock on Saturday evening, but ne the coroner for the district, Mr. Miles Myres, was seriously indisposed, and Mr. Holden, the a. Lancaster coroner, conld not then attend, the ai inquiiy was postponed to half-pastone o'clock- >e« on Monday, when the last-named gentleman , officiated for Mr. Myres, as his deputy. The . jury returned a verdict of ' Committed '1 suicide in o'fitof tcmpoiar^^inRrlifcfriLßin; tain Anderton wak -Urnr'ty years of age, and ' unmarried. He waa the eldest son of the late J. F. Andorton, of Haighton-house, and was highly esteemed. The family possess con- siderable property in Liverpool. By Mr. Anderton's death the Preston Infirmary Bazaar has lost three patrons during the week-tbo other two being the Lady Emma Anderton, of Euston, and Mrs. Weld, all Catholics.-Liverpool Journal, Oct. 27. . , FALL OP A RAILWAY TUNNEL- DISTRESSING SCENE.-A Bad accident occurred on Tuenday afternoon, in the tunnel at Bradway, near Dronfield, of the now Midland Railway from Sheffield to Chesterfield,ono man being killed and four injured. To facilitate the making of the tunnel a number of shafts have boen sunk in the Brad way'hill; and the accident occurred in tbo excavation from No. 3 Bhaft, » some forty or fifty yards from the bottom. At the timo of the accident twenty-two men were at work in this part of the tunnel. For somo dittunce this portion of the tunnel had been driven through the Bolid rock. The roof was firm, requiring little support. The tunnel is being arched with brick to the thickness of 2 feet 6 inches, and, preparatory to the arch- * ing, the roof haï been supported by beams of timber about 17 inches in thickness, beams being placed lengthwise of the tunnel, and borno up by strong props at each end. With these precautions the tunnel waa woiked without accident up to Tuesday. A day or two ago tbo edge of the rock wa3 reached in No. 3 shaft, and, as a consequence, a treacherous roof of what is called "bind" succeeded to that of stone. The bind had a rather furn appearance, but, nevertheless, the Eupportlng beams wore increased to five, in order to provide against accident. Daring J Tuesday, Mr. Coombs, the ganger of the men employed In No..3 shaft, observed that there was considerable pressure on the beams ; in- deed, ono of them had been slightly " sprung." Aa the beams were twenty six feet long, ha wlEely decided to support them In the middle. Accordingly, he- gave instructions for the placing of what is called among the men a ''horsed, hoad "-a strong cross beam of timber, supported by props. This cross beam < was being laised to Bupport the centre of the long beams, when the accident happened. The long beams proved unequal to the weight of the loose roof, and snapped in the centre, at the very spot where, in a few momenta, they would have been firmly supported. The beams snapped so suddenly aB to leave little time to get away, and a miijoiity of the men had a narrow escape. The fall of " blind" was heavy, amounting to several tons. The occurrence naturally created great alarm among the workmen, whose first impulse was to get as far out of harm's way as possible. Four of their num- ber wero struck by the falling mass, some of them being partly covered. Their comrades promptly returned to extricate them, aud'on the number being counted up, it was found that there was still one missing.- Naws of the accident quickly spread on the surface, and Mr. Walker, of the Miners' Arms (who has charge of the pumps for keeping the tun- nel free from water), and others afforded prompt and energetic assistance. They, with euch of tbomenin the tunnel as wereuninjureei, fell actively to work, and in about an hour succeeded in discovering their missing fellow workman. He was found under the middle of the fallen mass, and was of course quita dead. His back .was apparently broken, and he was Eadly bruised from head to foot. The name of the man killed is James Stevenson, and he is supposed to ba about thirty-five years of age.- He was one of some thousands! of miners who have had to leaves their native county of Cornwall in consequence of the Btoppago of the tin mines.-Liverpool Journal, Oct. 27. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION WITH INDIA. -The report of tho Select Committee on Ea-t India Communication, that sat during lost session, has recently been issued, and contains' - Borne interesting particulars on this import- ant subject. It appears from evidence ad- duced that there exists at the present time two systems of "telegraphy between England and our Indian possessions. One, commonly called the Turkish route, passes throughVienna andWallachia or Servia to Constantinople, or reaches the latter city by way of Turin, across the Adriatic to Salónica, and along the shores: of the Sea of Marmora. Having reached Con- stantinople, it is forwarded through Asiatic Turkey to Bagdad, and thence to Fao, where it ia received by Britiah officers for despatch to Kurracheo, or by way of Teheran "to Bashire,. where It again falls in with the malu line, and' is then exclusively under the control of the Government of India. A message by this route may be dealt with by no less than ten Administrations before passing into British hands. A large masa of evidence goes to prove that the vexatious delays constantly occurring on this line ara mainly duo to the apathy and carelessness of Turkish officiala, who not only neglect to keep any wire, or syßtem of wires, exclusively for Anglo Indian use, under the terms of the Indo Ottoman Convention, but fail egreglously in the prompt performance of their ordinary clerical duties. The other available system, called the Russian route, passes through Berlin, wa the Hague, thence into Russia, through Tiflis to Julpha, on tho Arras, and so over the PeiBian system to Bushire. These two systemB of telegraphic communica- tion aro distinct as far as the head of the Persian Gulf, but intercommunication may be altogether suspended by the occur- rence of any accident to the sub- marino cable between this point and Kuira cbee. The RuBsian Bystem appears to work well as far as the eastern frontier of that country, but fails in its entirety from the imperfect arrangements of the Persian service between Julpha und Teheran. A report sub- mitted by Colonel Goldschmid, in November, lSCo, recommends that such part of the Anglo Indian Bystem aB passes through the Ottoman Empire should ba placed in the hands of Englishmen, making the prin- cipal'Etations at once Anglo Ottoman, as at Fao. This plan, however, is inadmissible for political reasons. The Russian Govern- ment are willing to place their system in the hands of a London firm, and such a course would be eminently advantageous if the pos- session of tho Pereian line could be secured. The committee bave therefore recommended that means should be adopted for facilitating "the use of tho Persian system with Eurone, so as to bring the Russian route under effi- cient control ; that to avoid future accidents the Persian Gulf cuble should be doubled, or, by arrangements with the Persian Govern- ment, that hand wires should be instituted between Ispahan and Kurracheo ; that the sckemo of establishing a direst communica- tion between Alexandria and Bombay by" way of Aden is especially .-worthy of con- sideration, and should receive all possible aid from Her Majesty's Government, as thus establishing a route under one management and responsibility. The committee also urge upon the Indian authorities the absoluta necessity of improving their internal arrange- ments, so as to remove all risk of delay in the transmission of messages from Kurracheo to the Interior.-JA« Times. TRIAL OP RISK ALLAH BET FOR MURDER. On Monday morning the trial of the above pi isoner commenced at the Palais de JuBtice, Brussels. There ara nearly fifty witnesses to be examined, of whom the first day a pro- ceedings have disposed of only six. The whole of the forenoon was taken up by the reading of the acte d'accusation and the inter- rogation of the prlEoncr. He is a man of pre- possessing appearance and manners, His age, OB ho states it, ia forty two, and but for the "recent change of his jet-black beard toan iron p rey, with patches of almoßt positivo white, he would lo'ok not a day older. When ho tools Vils claco at the-bar bo bowed .with a grave aclf-possession-to the'Court; and presently Snag the eye.of some acquaintance, liled and noddedqo to aa easily as if he had been dn his. stall at the opera. His Sid "as covered with a fez of soft red ?ihth with a purple ailken tassel ; and ho nnabcd back this covering with a haaty move Snow and then, BO,U to leave his brows Suite bare. 'On the braided front of his -fliltary frock-coat ho woro the star of an . -Hcer of the Order of tho Medidji, the cross " « chevalier of the Order of Isabella, and a -»at number of medal* and decorations, veral'magistrates, high functionaries, and uersona of distinction-among them being irS^Bussian Ambassador, Prince Orloff, and tv*SCharge d'Affairea of tho Sublime Portc aât behind the bench. Risk Allah is accused not only of murder, but also of an entiroly distinct offence of uttering two forged cheques on the National Bank of London. A motive for the crime is suggested by the oircnm !tnnce that by the death of the young En 'ishman the -accused became entitled to a rae Bum of money, and, m fact, according *o the indictment, he receired a large portion, ^f it under a decree of the Court of Chancery, dated the 21et of 'July, 1805 It appears, also, .bat ho insured young Readley's life for 1 COO, and obtained payment of this Bum ii' Februaiy last. From the manner "i which the wound waa inllicted it ap sars, by medical testimony, that death 'riust' have been iDBtontaneons, the charge J the gun having perforated the head. But ,\ .ho two arms were found under the coverlid, tho right band resting on the stomach, and -the left arm extended by the side of the body. It is pronounced to havo been absolutely im 'postible that after filing tho gun the unfor .tunate youth could have put his hands under the bed clothes. The court was crowded on Tuesday, The second day of the trial. A letter from the capital says:-"The vigour of the accused was sustained in n wonderful manner until the ad- journment of the examination. When the "int'grity of certain chequo3 was under ques- tion, he left the prisoner'« dock, and, step- ping across the floor of the conrt, unchnl lenged by tho sentry, assisted the jury in their inspection of the pipers. The presi- dent, who had at the same time quitted the tribunal, permitted the seemingly irregular proceeding on Risk Allah's part for a few minute?, and then motioned him to retarn. The day's evidence has advanced the case but little."-Liverpool Journal, Oct. 27. DESPERATE ATTACK BY BURGLARS.—A young married woman, the wife of a roll turner named Allen, in the employ of Messrs. Sparrow, ironworkers, and living in Frederick- street, Wednesfield Heath, near to Wolver- hampton, had a narrow escape of her life, by violence from burglars, on Wednesday night. Mrs Allen bad returaodiuto her bouse about ten o'clock. Almost immediately after hei husband went out, and a stranger entered the kitchen. He wore a mask over his face, was bpttoned up to tho chin, and had a fin capupon his head. Ho immediately knocked the lighted candle oil the table, and tbruEt a soiled handkerchief to Mrs. Albn't mouth, with tho intention of producing stupor from some liquid narcotic that seemed to her to have been placed upon it. Mrs. Allen Etriggled with the fellow, who, with a blow from his fiston her forehead, knocked her from the easy chair in which she was sitting She, however, regained her feet, and whilai her aEsailant seemed to be occupied for t moment in the front room, she ran upstaln to secure her husband's watch and chain She took the watch from the chair, to thi "" back of which it was fastened by the chain and thrust it between the two mattresses upor which the bed was placed. This had scaroelj been done before the fellow came into th< room, followed by two companions, each lik hlmtelf wearing a mask. The first tber grasped at a silver watch which waB suspendei in the room, and Mrs. Allon tried to seize itbe foro he could get possession of it. S he was thei again knocked down, but struggled with th burglar,andbelieveBshouldha"Vcimaaterfidhin had not the other two men come to his aid. B; them Elie wos kicked fiercely about the beai and body, had a stocking thrust Into he mouth, a scarf and another ligament tie tightly round her throat, and her hands tiei behind her. Further, a pillow was place1 over her face, and it waB held down by one c the ruffians aa ho knelt upon her chest. Sb told the fellow that she knew him, and h then vowed that he would cut her throat Ho had taken something from his packt that Mrs. Allen thought was a knife, when whistle sounded from below, at the Bamu tim that Mrs. Allen heard footsteps in the yard o the other side of the house. Her assailari then thrust his knee with additional force int her chest, pressed the pillow yet rnoie heavil upon her face, and then, with 'the rest < his party, ran down stairs. As they wei leaving, she became insensible. In this cond tion she remained without help half au hou >She was firtt found by her husband, wh returned home at a quarter to eleven. E released her, placed her on the bed, called i a neighbour, and then fetched a surgeo ¡rom Wolverhampton, < Tho surgeon ioun , ner with her tongue -protruding, and hi Neth clenched. She remained unconBcioi Qtil Thursday morning, and she ia no ufforing greatly from the violence'she hi ustained. The burglars took the silv fatcb, MrB. Allen's wedding-ring from-h v> Juger, 15s. Gd. fromja-portemonnale in h boBom, a gold chain from her box, and all h linen. Usually a large sum of money is ke; by Mr. Allen in his bouBe in a cash-box u stairs, but on this occasion it was em pt The chiof robber wore-'earrings, and Mi Allen can identify bim, for in the striigç she tore the mask from his face, bat he ia stranger to her in every respect.- Liverpt Post, Oct. 27. AN EXTRAORDINARY HORSE.-Thefollowii nnembellished facts aro not without intere to those with whom the horse is a favour! -animal. They relate to a full-bred hunti ? now in his tenth year, whose lot is at prese cast on one of the sweetest bits of turf in t country, "Jack," who used to do bia ni; miks, with a dogcart behind, to tho neig homing city in forty minutes without tur ing a hair, is now regarded by his mistre as wounded, a wicked stable-boy havii struck him a bad blow on -one of* I legs, atd therefore his days are spent wandering about at his own sweet will. It his custom in these circumstances to do i sorts of odd thinga for a 'horse. Once t*ice, or sometimes offener in a day, it is t habit to come to the front door of the ma sion and ring the bell, his object being to g somo of the special bites which may bdgoli inside. If, before the bell is answered, it a6ked "Who's there?" "Jack" replies wi that sort of noise which in a man would called a chuckle, but which in his case called a " nicher." If he be asked whether be quite well, " Jack," who makes the mt of his limited means of speech, replies in t same manner. Tho tete a tete "Jack" regar sa spoiled altogether if the pet greyhour .always on the watoh for his visits, as BeemB to think, gets more than he concah ia his fair share of tho good things on t plate, and is not slow, with Bundrymo1 ments of head and foot, to mark his d pleasuro of the dogs conduct. It is, howey tor his management of the gates and wick that "Jack" is most especially to be notio Iiideed, so far BB he is concerned, there are Euch thinga. He has managed every sne¡ check, or lock about the place, save that the garden door, which ia snlbbed on the side. It is bis fashion to take a'walkdai and for that purpose he opens a big g leading to tbo main road and into the fiel and roams hither or whither his fancy impi That it is just for the love of the stroll a nothing more he goes is proved by tho f that though ail summer and autumn he Í the right of entree, as they say in theatres, the cornfields in these walks of his, he I never bctn known to touch a stalk. Uni tunatily, though "Jack" may bo Bald laugh at locksmiths, so far as their art is : forth on gates and wickets, he either see unable, or otherwise does not care, to B1 the doora behind him. These he lea irivariubly open, so that his movome aro to be traced by this, the only mann eily part of his conduct. When rain f lie departs from the sward to the court yr entrance to which is bad by a door, which -irene with tho greatest eaEO, as he does the other doors. These wet days have iVveestd bim, as others, and his stay nn \ lover bas been distastelul to him. By wa ¿n¡uec"-snt on these occasions he takeB a . ;f n i\ .ti sr. to himself round a pole which s 'orte the roof, just as if ho bad been tralaei ciicus, insla« one of which he never waa e "fe. Whenthe rain passes, out ho corr ther to resumebis habit of opening lock-] aces and take a stroll, or to nibble the x green herbage which fronts the mansion, nothing living does "Jock" bear enmity s lo the watch-dog, ovei which and Ita housi frequently loee« tempar, and one of fcatheied tribe in the Wn-yard, which respect that it is ngly tnd a foreigner, chases and punishea wherever and when« ho sees it. And thus this wonderfully in If cent beast passes his days away in [mile: and caresses of his mletress, w between hirn and the greyhound, whloh Walter would bavo adorod, baa a timo of it, dividing hor affections.-Filet Jw.ri.tt!. 