A veryLame Argument. tuenS K7- extraordinary claims being urged upon consti- But the mos remarkable one is un- lnfplt 5 7 ?r "rnous friend, Mr. Scott Ross, has lately preferred in his own behalf at Yass. The following is an extract from the local journal which reports Mr. Ross's nomination speech: — He was also the chairman of Mr. Faucett's committee when he was elected, for West Sydney, almost without opposition ; and also on another occasion he had used his influence for the same gentleman, and that while he was addressing four or five thousand people, the balcony on which lie stood fell, and injured K.-c in such a manner that he was laid up for six weeks, and still felt the effects of ih«: n.il. He then asked, would Mr. Isaacs have done tlxc same for any gentleman. So because the balcony tumbled down, Mr. Ross going with it, and sustaining some injuries, the electors of Yass are forthwith to reject the unfortunate Solicitor- General, who never fell out of a balcony. If this test of a candidate's fitness is to be adopted,, wo should have a gentleman who has been thrown from a mail coach and broken both legs, aspiring to the Premiership. The triumph of cripples has he- gun, — the saturnalia of physical infirmities has commenced. The Sydney Infirmary will have a deeper interest than ever for politicians, for it will become the school of our statesmen. After dropping out of a balcony, and a few weeks residence in the accident ward, gentlemen will he qualified for the highest public offices. " Go it you cripples ! " exclaims Mr. Punch, in the once popular butjvery vulgar exhortation. Elegy To the Memory op an Unfortunate Ministry. What beckoning shades, on yonder benches green, Invite the eye to meet their dismal mien ? 'Tis they ! but why that trembling look, so odd F Why sin-ink as from some visionary rod ! Oh spectral swells o'f troubled visage, say, What on your ghostly feelings seems to prey ? What wrings your bosoms, what remorseful tweaks, Play fitful down your elongated cheeks ? Has vengeful fate, unhappy ones, dealt you Her direst punishment and stopped your screw, — Sapped your life-blood in a sort of vampire feast, And left you all officially deceased F Poor souls, this simple epitaph we fit " They died of sheer inanity of wit." Oh Slippery Charles, thou head presiding ghost, Who calls you cunning, said their very most. Cunning is good, hut much he overrates The gift, who thinks alone t'will govern states. 