A VISIT TO ADELAIDE. JSo. 7. ' [FEOil OUB SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] ? >. ; . . Adelaide, September 20. i Adelaide has no reason to be ashamed of hei\" Institutes," and onof 'of -the. most plea^ sanfc days I havo passed in the metropolis was that spent by me in visiting them. Of course my steps were first of all directed to the public library, to inspect the stores of learning deposited thero, yrith a view of be ing retailed for the delectation of studious citizens. Like many other institutions, its progress has boon coincident with that of the country, and like the prospects of the latter, it is now in a flourishing stato. The poriod jwhen a Mechanics' Institute was organized here has not passed, beyond th'b memory of the oldest inhabitant, and. oven a stranger like myself has been entertained with the ?recital of the early experiences of its found ers. They, while seeking individual improve ment, had an eye to the interests of pos terity and supplied the nucleus of that which has now attained very respectable propor tions. An impulse was "given by them to public literature, which became more and more powerfully felt as years olapscd, and which seems likely operate with over increas ing vigor until Baxter's, "Coming Battle" has been fought. For years the site of the library was an upper room, reached by means of a crazy staircasc, and . presided oyer by a frosty old gentleman," who has undergone the vicissitudes of fortune" imtil'hb has been safely landed in the editorial \ haven pro vided by the Gawler Bunyip. :But as timo progressed, a feeling was excited in favor of a mor&grnate; edifice in which to bostow tho literary treasures from which the subscribers ' were to draw mental nutriment^ and with tho aid of tho Government a handsome building .wttS 'erected on the . Park Lands, near tho domain 'apportioned to His Excellency. It is two storey's high, and contains a largo number of lofty.and commodious rooms, ap portioned for various purposes. The library is adorned from floor to ceiling with well bound volumes, numbering according" to the latest returns something like .IB,000. Tho subscribers, who are required to pay per year for the privileges of membership .num ber over 1,000, and the annual circulation is between 50,000 . and GO,000 books. Largo . sums are spent yearly in augmenting tho stock, and the numerical strength of tho readers seem tO;keep paco with tho increas. ing supply . of reading matter. Near by is the reading room, where tables are set forth, bearing upon them newspapers and periodi cals innumerable; all of ^which,arc; open to the public free of cost.. Lectures too aro delivered here,' and provision is made for a systematic distribution1 of loctur'es . among country Institutes occupyin * the relationship of affiliation. . Up stairs are additional rooms devoted to tho "use/of classics and- associa tions. connected!tnthUihe.:-library.. The Mu seum departmcnt\i?V; constantly. receiving new contributions, aj^its-able Curator, Mr F. ? 'G;'" WaterhouseJ?Trow";r.:e3q)eriences no small difficulty in bestowing the various curiosities placed in his hands. At present , there is no space for large articles, and for the same reason there is little opportunity for the display" of mgenity in arrangement or for furnishing surprises to the visitor. Ho enters. He.sees before iiim a.kincl 6f cup board, where birds of variegated plumage; and exhibiting different degrees of life-like ness are ranged.: Above this he may descry a bloated alligator or. one of the larger specimens of natural history, em e e in. native instruments and ornaments- warlike, savagelike and otherwise. Running Along the ceiitro 6f the room are a riumber o^glass , cases divided into compartments. These accommodate mineralogical, conchological, and other varieties, among which may be specified' stdnes of various kinds, timber duly I ' polished fat exhibition, beetles of numerous species, reptiles of indefinite shapes, corns and etceteras. On the shelves ranged against one wall are samples of manufactures, snakes, lizards, preserved lusus natures, and a hetero genous catalogue of sundries well worth ex amination. V. On the opposite wall appear brilliant rows of"butterflies, specimens of native clotting and articles too numerous to mention. Tho value of the reptile division alone is estimated at fully £200; the zoologi cal section (whether inclusive of tho ornith ology or not I can't say) . £1000, and there aro various other collections, upon the tech nical worth of which I should not like to venture an opinion." The School of Arts joins the Museum, and. although I did not g∈ admission to this adytum, which seems to bo kept religiously closed from general observation, I managed surreptitiously to gain some idea of its contents, which are for the most part statues of illustrious divinities of bygone ages. I cannot tarry in this building, although I would fain do so, in specting the many objects of more than pass ing interest which it presents. I seo that our Mount Gambier people have mustered in force in order to petition tho House to provide funds for an Institute at that place, and I hope most sincerely that they will have their requests granted them. Directing my course eastward from the library buildings, along North lerrace, I arrived at the Botanic Gardens. Ihe en trance gate gives admission to a broad and nicely kept central carriage drive, from which branch wide paths of serpentine form surrounding beds of all imaginable shapes, set with rare plants and flowers. On one side they lead in the direction of the man ager's or curator's house, and on the other they lead with many an embarassmg curve and turn to a creek kept perpetually full ot water, and intersected along its course by several ponds of considerable extent, in which the waterfowl take delight to gambol. An air of cleanliness and niceity of arrange ment pervader the whole, lollowing the main central path you are led to fountains lcept in almost unintermitting flow-as also to the lodging places of acclimatized unfor tunates of the feathered and furry tribes. To the right are green houses, beautified by tho fresh and blooming plants which flourish beneath their friendly shelter, and which blubh at the praise of their own loveliness. Hero too are fountains tossing their tiny spray, and gold and silver fish dancing merrily in their native elements. Passing by caged droves of shell parrots, a laughing jackass or two, an owl, and a pair of jack daws, who amuse themselves and spectators by tho interesting gymnastic feat of jumping over each others backs, a rustic lodge is reached, displaying in a marked manner the characteristic taste of the former curator. Internally it is fitted up as a museum, and numerous native products and Northern Territory curiosities and timbers a.re laid out on the shelves. A youthful alligator had been brought down to develop itself in this climate, but unluckily tho scaly ampliib. objected to the process and gave up the ghost under it. pursuing a, winding course under the weeping willow tree and over a picturesque bridge spanning tho creek, which a little higher up had expanded into a broad lake dotted with islands appropriated for the habitation of rabbits, the visitor reaches the cage of a largo and sportful tiger, having for his next door neighbours a brown bear and another nondescript animal, the name of which has escaped me for the moment. Beyond are enclosures where emus and kan garoos are confined either separately or in amicable union. Another one is devoted to tho use of a couple of ostriches, while tho representatives of deer, Thibetian or some other kind of sheep, llamas, and zoological specimens of different families find accom modation in adjacent yards. There are an abundance of peacocks, cockatoos and birds of rare species, but the simia have been banished owing to their mischievous pro pensities which exhibited themselves in play ing practical jokes with unwary beholders. [Recently an aquarium has been constructed in the gardens, and their botanical features have received an acquisition in the shape of a Victoria Regia plant, which is being suc cessfully propagated. The present manager, or director, l)r Schomburgk, a gentleman of very great ability and extensivo knowledge of botany, as well as other branches of scientific study, has a scheme in embryo for largely improving the. present domain by absorbing into a considerable portion of the adjoining grounds, including tho portion sometime ago set apart for the now defunct Acclimatization Society. The idea is to make the river Torrens tho northern boun dary of the gardens, and it is believed that a series of artificial lakes might be formed along tho bed. of this stream, which would be avail able for a variety of purposes. Space for a Park would also be afforded, and probably an attempt would, be made to cultivate a model vineyard and orchard. Besides this a pavilion would be erected for the convenience of musicians, and. a multitude of other alter ations calculated to enhance tho attractive ness of the already popular place of resort provided. 