The Cap Candidates' TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTEAIASIAX. Sir,-As many of your readers no doubfc take a great interest in our glorious pastime racing, especially in the great erent of the year, the Melbourne Cap, I propose to go through the performances of the different horses entered for this race, and to give from them my estimate of their chances, according to the weights allotted them. With out further preface I will commence with the first on the list. Volunteer's performances last year with Panic and Tarragon entitle him to be ranked a first-class horse, and as he was in splendid form, and is now eight years old, it cannot be expected he will improve on what he has already done. At Bandwick, last September, he won the Mayor's Cup, carrying 9st., Tarra gon, with 10st. 51b., second, two miles, in Smin. 48sec., according to the system of taking time i& Melbourne. He ran third, with 9st., in the Sydney Handicap, one mile and a half, Tarragon, lOst., first. Wob the Waverley with 9st. 61b., beating a moderate field, one mile and a quarter, in 2min. SOsee., a pace equal to 8min. 44sec. for two mike. Ban second to Tarragon in the Forced Handi cap, Yolunteer, 9st. 61b., and the latter 10st. 61b. In November, at Melbourne, he was beaten cleverly by Panic in the Corinthian Cop, one mile and a half and a distance, both carrying 9st. 101b., in Smin. lOeeo, or equal to Smin. 63sec. for two miles. He ran seoond to Tarragon in the Champion Baoe, carrying 9st.l3lb., three miles, in Smin. 47sec., or equal to Smin. Slsec. for two miles. These per* fonnaaces do not warrant the presumption that Yxriunteer, with lOst. on him, oan win the Cup. He has proved huB^dfeucbaJagerora? a of ground that 4 is likely theyeDow and black will be carried by Hr. bait's other nominations more favourably weighted, and that Yolunteer will be reserved for the Champion Bace. Yattendon, five years old, is another hone that must be estimated first-class. Busing over his two and three year old races, in which he carried all before him, he an three times at Bandwiok last May as a four-year-old. He won the Sydney Cup, carrying 8st. 41b., beating a large fi»d of gooa horses, two miles in 3min* 45eec.; he alio won the City Handicap, carrying 9st. 41b., one mile and a half in Smin. 52cec., or equal to Smin. 49sec. for two miles; and ran second in the Forced Handicap, one mile and ai quarter, carrying 9st 41b, won fy Warwick easily, parTymg Set, 21b., in 2mm. 19sec., equal to Spiii^ aSeee. for two miles* He will he six months older next November and is asked to cany 9st 81b^ or 161b. more than lie carried in the Sydney Cup, and ae there is 91b. aocordingto oturioue of weight* giyen for being six months older, he is penalised with 91b. He showed a great turn of speed carrying 9at. 61b., hut was beaten in the Forced Handicap, one and a quarter mile* 1 whicji showed he could not keep up the pace % tw9 miles at lihe rajte it was run. Wili jix ; months' extia^'enahle him to stay two xa$m . wi^ 9st. flto. f j I think not-he is a horp.^S; raw bl^. r«»# jmfc pud afthftiighjv^ three quarters, carrying 8st. 21b., in Smin.lSsec., or equal to Smin. 43sec. for two miles ; and he wu ft good third for the Ballarat Cup, in which both he and Sir Patrick, the winner, broke down after a desperate race. The Sign carried 8st. 91b., distance two miles and a quar ter and forty-two yards, in 4min. 16sec., or equal to 3min. 46sec. for two miles. This, con sidering it was done six months earlier in they ear, was a better performance than Yattendon's in the Sydney Cup, and yet, through a strange in congruity in our scale of weights, he only carries for twelve months the same extra weight as Tattendon does for six, viz., 91b. If The Sign's legs stand a Cup preparation, and if they understand how to train at his new quarters, with his four-year- old weight on his back, his chance ranks second to none in the race. Alarm is one of Mr. Field s nominations, and his career as a three-year-old in Tasmania does not, betoken anything very good. His weight, 8st. 101b., is a mistake, and I should imagine he will be one of the non-acceptors, although weight is a subject that does not trouble the minds of our Tasmanian Mends. Cupbearer hails from Adelaide, where he has been performing for several years. Last season, in December, he won the Town Plate, at weight for age; also the Forced Handicap, Cowra third. In April, came in No. 1 for the Town Plate, carrying 10st., two miles, in 3min. 59sec.; he ran second for the Jockey Club Handicap, carrying 9st. 81b., Cedric first, with 8st. 41b., one mile and a half; and he was only third for the Forced Handicap, carrying 9st. 81b., won by Ebor, 8st. 21b., one mile and three-quarters, in 3min. 24sec., or equal to Smin. 53sec. for two miles. He has also won the Clare Handicap, carrying 9st. 81b., one mile and a half, in 2min. 55sec. As I do not imagine his form can be now improved with age, and although a good constant plater, he will find himself, with 8st. 91b. on his back, out of his element in the Melbourne Cup. Tim Whiffler, four years old, has performed eight times in South Australia as a three-year old. He won the Derby, also the Adelaide Handicap (Cowra second), and Ladies1 Purse, all at the same meeting in December. In April he ran second to Cowra for the Ade laide Cup, two miles, in 3min. 50sec., carrying 8st. 71b.; good judges say he ought to have won this race. He ran nowhere in the Leger and Forced Handicap, in which he carried 8st. 21b. and quarrelled with and dismissed his rider. Then at Clare he wins in the com monest of canters the Northern Plate, three miles, carrying 8st. 41b., and walks over for the Ladies' Purse. His Leger and Forced Handi cap running must not be taken into account, as so much injudicious use was made of him the first day in the Cup, that it rendered him unfit to perform ia his usual style afterwards at the meeting; his performances in the Derby and in the Cap are the two races we have most to do with. He carried 8st. 101b., and ran one mile and a halfj beating Smuggler, second, and Miss Fisher third, in 2minJ>2bec., or at the rate of two miles in 3min. 4flaec.; and!, cany in g 8st. 71b., he ran a close second for the Cup, two miles in Smin. 50sec. He will be six months older in November next, and ib only asked to. cany lib. more; to an improving horse Tim's chance would be very good, but he was so well and completely furnished as a three-year-old, and the pedigree of his dam being very doubtful, I think he has seen the best of his days. Lady Heron made her obeisance to the starter .seven tames last season OB a three-year old-twice in November at Melbourne, winning the Oaks in 2min. 55sec., Kerosene second; ana ran third for the All Age Stakes with a; bad stmt; went to the poBt to save a walkover for the Derby at Ballarat,won by Angler; and won the Handicap, canying 7sfc, getting the best j of the start hy lengths, one and a half I miles in Smin. 54«ec. In December, carrying 7st. 31b., she won the Smythesdale Handicap, one mile and three-quarters, in Smin. 23sec., i or equal to Smin. 52sec! for two miles ; nn fourth for the Champion Bace, on the 1st of January; and second for the Leger, won by Abgler, one and "three quarter mUes and 132 yards, in Smin. 48sec. Her performances there fore have not biteen first-class, with die excep tion of proving herself the best three-year-old in the Champion Bace. As her sire's (Fisher man's) star did not shine in tfoeascendant till h4 got maturity, it is natural to suppose BO may his progeny's; and considering she carries the top four-year-old weight, although it is no object with her, she is not dangerous, bat it may lie as well to keep her on the right side of the Vxftc. 'Miss Pitsford, an excellent performer in Queensland, was sent to Sydney to run at Sandwick with a vejy high reputation, but metwith an accident on her passage down;, eheii reported now to be quite herself again, atfditt daeii «x years old, and Only carries 8st. 71b^there is nouiisg to prevent her a good show in the <%i. ' T know nothing as tp berappeantnee, ^ ^aimot much depend on Queensland performances j lratfrom aUI hav6 aefen W lbe Pitsford race, the^rnn very game got to his three and four years old form, his weight 8st. 71b. ought not to bother him; but then that little word " if* comes in the way, end his " poor feet," which caused Waldock so many anxious hours, will be I am afraid a stumbling-block to any who take him in hand. I do not think, however, that the Boiardos run on; the Orlando blood ib noted in England for this peculiarity, and generally shows its excellence at the ages of two and three*years, especially in the former year. I cannot hare Barwon, thereftre, frith all hiB allowance in weight, to be 6ue of the first three in the race. Falcon's-or old Falcon, as he is now called, -day is now gone I am afraid, especially to Btand such a preparation as to make him good enough to win a Melbourne Oup. He has shown himself on all occasions to be a real honest and veiy fast horse; and his greatest performance was winning the Adelaide Cup, two miles, with lOst. lib. on him, in 3min. SOsec. He has never had a ghost of a chance in former Melbourne Cups, but the handi cappers have at last had mercy on him, and if he comes to the post (he won't unless he is fit, and no man knows how to make him so better than Mr. Dowling), I would not be at all astonished to see the good old horse 1 run into a situation with only 8st. 61b. on his ba?k. Nonsuch, a Queensland horse, whose per formances there, especially this last season, with such moderate horses as O'Meara and Forester are with heavy weights, have been such that I cannot imagine he can get up sufficient steam to go a Melbourne Cup pace with almost any weight on his back. How j ever he may be better than what he really ! looks on paper. j Midshipman took everyone by surprise at l Geelong, where he made his first appearance | last season. He has performed altogether five ' times, viz.-in the Geelong Handicap last January, a very fast run race, one mile and a half and a distance, he came home a winner by two lengths ; Toryboy, Sst., second; Seagull, Sst. 4lb., third; he carried 7st. 81b. ; time, 3min. 4 sec., or equal to 3min 45see. for two miles. At the same meeting he followed this up by beating two very fast animals for a mile, the Rose of Denmark and Maidstone, in a canter ; time, lmin. 50sec.; his weight on this occasion being ' 9st. 31b. If the same rate of speed could be maintained for another mile-and he looked that day as if he could accomplish such-it ^rould make his time for two miles 3min. 40sec. This little wonder's next performance was in the Australian Cup, at the Melbourne Autumn Meeting, two and a quarter miles, when, with 8st. 71b. en him, he was most injudiciously ridden in front all the way, and was at the last beaten ''by old Woodman, carrying 7st. 121b., time 4min. 24sec. The following day he ran two races, and from the manner in which he galloped it could easily be discerned that something was amiss with him. He showed when fit such a very fine turn of speed, not only with a light impost but when carrying 9st. 31b., that if all goes well with him, although burdened with 8st. 61b., he must run very forward; but Toryboy and others keep him quite safe, as he (Toryboy) carried 51b. more than Midshipman did at Geelong, an£ now receives 121b. from him; and allowing Middy 31b. for his year, he certainly did not give him a 141b. beating. jSongste^ met with a sad accident in the Cup last year, and has not put in an appearance since. (This still leaves us in doubt whether the high reputation he acquired in Tasmania as a three^year-old can be maintained over here. As J am afraid of trespassing too much on your space, with your permission I shall continue this analysis in your next. PEEPING TOM. 