CHURCH OF ENGLAND BYNOD. Tba synod of the Dioceso of Sydney resumed iiltinga nt half-past 3 yesterday, in tbe Diocee Booms, Phlllip-atreot. Tba Bishop, as beforo, open the proceedings with prayer. QUESTIONS. Ber, T. C. EwitfO asked what waa the ezset mei ing of the worda ID the 10th constitution- " Being communicant of the Churoh." > Waa a person who fi ?t any time in hia lifo communicated a coramunican Should nat somo time, os eighteen months, be deflm in reference.to thia qieation aa bearing on tho eleoti cf lay representatives? The Bi nor said, aa thia question involved anoint Ure-the interpolation of the 101th article^ of t constitution of tho Churoh-ha had referred it to I Chancellor of the diocese (Mr. A. Qordon). Mr. ALEXANDER GOSDON said he would be ready morrow to answer this question. .. Dr. CcAnKunakod what waa the numbor of marris .icenses issued since 1850; when they became1 u necessary. The manor* declined to answer the question, as contained a atatcment with whioh ho could not expected to agrao. If tho question were put to morro without tho addition, ho would answer lt. MOTIONS-I. MIS STANDING COMJI1TTBB. Tho Bev. Canon AM.WOOD mored-" That a atandii oommittoo of the synod, consisting of the Bishop a aaron clerical and aoven lay members, ba appointed j the following purposes:-First, to maka arrungomot for tho meeting of tho eynod, and to preparo ad business aa may appear to thc committeo necessary be brought boforo tba eynod. Second, to maka proi sion for tba diicbargo of all oxponsos connected wi tho meeting of tho synod. Third, to corridor ai 'report upon any mattors which the synod moy ECO to refer to it. Fourth, to bo the representative of tl synod during ita adjournment aa a standing commit! or oounoil of advice to tho Bishop, that is to asaist t Bishop in any mattor on which ho may deaira i advice, That tho following be tho clerical and li raombora of auch committeo :-Tho Very Rov. tl Bean of Sydney, tho Reva. Canon 'Allwood, Willie Stack, Hulton ci. King, Kdtrard Kogora, Goorge Vidi A. H. Stophen, afr. Alexander Gordan, Honorât James Mitcholl, Honnrablo James Macarthur, Masai Michael Metcalfe, Christopher Rolleston, Alexand Stuart, and M. II. Stephan." He aaid aa among tho ware many littlo acquainted with tho modes of tran acting business in doliborative aasombles, it wi of great moment to avail themselves of erory arraDg mont that would eire order to their proceedings. ¿ a atop in thia direction ho proposed the adoption of standing committeo of the diocese. Thia waa a moi euro copiod from a aiattr Church in America. Tl resolution had been drawn up from precedents other dioceses. Tba first object of tho committea w. to make arrangomenta for tho meeting of eynod secondly to preparo businoas to bo brought before tl synod-to próvido fortkodiachargeof expenses incurrí ia connection with tho mooting of eynod", thirdly, tor port on any mattora the synod might refer to it ; at fourthly, to bo the representative of tho bynod durir adjournment aa a standing council of tho Bishop. J referenco to preparing tho business of the synod, tl business would not bo limited to that whit waa prepared by tho committee.. Other busine could bo brought forward by membera of tho nyno. Somo important buainoea might hare eaoaped thenotit of tho standing committoo. But it waa vary deairâb that there should bo some responsible body, by wboi all subjects that appeared of moment tobo brougl boforo tho synod, should bo first considered, and the brought forward in a woll arranged mannor. Then t to reports, it waa not designed that all questions shoul be referred to the Blending committee. Maa questions would be referred . to select corr mittoca. Tho mora widely thoy could interoi tba lay friends, tho more would thoy advance- ths goo of tho Church. With regard to tho laat propositioi that tbo committeo should act as standing council nit the Bishop, thoy owed their thanka to hia lordship fe his kind rind willing acquiescence in thia propositioi which divested him of that irresponsibility whic attaohed to bia position in the absenco of the synoc He (Mr. Allwood) fait assured that tba membera a the committee would dofor to hia lordship's matur judgment, and assist him in all mattera that cam before them. Ho (Mr. Allwood) felt deep satiafactio at soeine so largo and intelligent a body of the memboi of the Churoh of England mot in eynod. Bia waa glai to be por mit tod to move thia motion, which put th laymen iu their propor position : and illustrated th great truth that tho laity and the clorgy together con atitutod tho Church, and not tho clorgy alone. (Cheers. Tho lay membera inoluded in thia motion wera »ll wei .known - and long tried membarB of th Churoh ; and tho clergymen were the aevoi senior incumbents in Sydney, whoso experienc might be suppoaed to qualify them for auch a work. The Rer. Mr. PALUKR seconded the motion. H asked whether a now eynod would hara powor to alec anothor atanding committee. The BIIIIOP said a standing committee would hava tx be eleoted by each new eynod. Ha had, on thia quos tion, consultad the Chancellor and the Dena, who wen .of opinion that each eynod would elect ita ewa standinj oommittee. Tho Rev. W. STACK aaid ha found hia namo on tin committee, which ho fell to bo a groat honour. But il waa well known that ho was to loare tho colony in i month or two, and he thorefore oouldjoot fulfil th( 'duties. Tho BISHOP aaid the committeo would be incomplot, without Mr. Stack's name. And it was probable thal tho Rev. Canon Walsh would soon return to the oolony and fill up tho vacanoy oausod by Mr. Stack's retire mont. Tho oommittee on thoir appointment would proceed to draw up ruloa for their guidance, whicl would inoludo tho appointment of successors in place ol any who might resign or be removed. Mr. W. BAHKEB aaid that unless powor wore now gi von to tho standing committee to 611 up a vacanoy, thoy could not do BO. Tho Bisnop said the mles drawn up by the com- mittee would afterwards have to ba sanctioned by tho eynod. Mr. FmpHBRD SMITH: aaid ho understood this com- mittee waa to be, in fact, the ministry. It ought, therefore, ho imagined, to bo romovablo by tho VOLO of the assembly at any timo Without any intention of proposing an amendmont on tho motion aa it stood, hu askod whether tho placing of tho aame number ot lay representatives OB of clorgy men on tho committea, and not two to ono, aa in tho goberai body, waa in accord- ance with their constitution: Tho Biauor said if the synod pasaed a vote removing the oommittee, tho committeo could not help itself, but would bo obliged to go. Aa to equality of clerical and lay members, tho effect of swelling tho committee to an Unwieldly BÍZO would be to moko it useless. If they had much moro than fourteen thoy would find it dim cult to work. For that reason tho numbor waa fixod at fourtoon. It waa also intended that any persona wish- ing to move on any aubjoota in thia aynod might re- quire to have thoso subjects referred to special com- mittees. Thia waa another reaaon for not having tho standing committea too large. The ROT. W. LUUBDAIKB sanportod tho motion of Ur. Allwood. Thara could be no doubt as to the aaceeaity for auch a standing committee. Hs thought for his lordship to hnvo a standing council would ba a safoguard against haaty legislation. Thoy might can* gratalate thomsolvoa on being met aa a duly con- stituted synod, able to giro validity to. thoir aots ; and they should proceod with caution in loralai ¡on. That Was one of thoobieota of the appointment nf tho atanding oommittee. The mambara of synod wera deeply indebted tb tho Rov. Canon Allwood for tho lucid mannor in whioh ho had explained tho Intention of the resolution. Among othor matters,' the marriago ques- tion waa ono' 'which called for immediate attention. This was a question whioh would, doubtless, le dealt with by tho standing committee. Aa to tho constitution of tho committee, tho doctrino of seniority had been wisely carried out. ' Thoy would find in tho members nominated that experionco and Judgmant which long . standing in tho Church gave them. ' They had but one end and aim-the 'glory of- God, and tho salva- tion, of souls Their great end could not be aecompliahod without a baptism of the Holy Ghost. That blessing he truatod they would receive in answer to prayer. With Bynodlcal action, their Churoh would nsw become muoh mo» popular than it had boon, and could accomplish moro good, ''.'(Hear, hear) ' ROT.' Tuon Aa Surra, ad vorting ' to the marriago question,'said it would be unwise to defer Tho Bu not' ruled that 'Mr. ' Lnmsdaino and Mr. Smith woro both, out of order in roferring-to .the marriage question. ' ! Mr. Nurra askod whether, tho executive--tho stand- ing Committeo-would have power to carry out Kalawa .without thoir having boon firat approved by'tho eynod? ':''.' "' . "5 Tho Bistror: Certainly hot. Tho standing committee' was to tako into consideration mattera referred to it by tho eynod ; and. to report theroori. As to tho marriago question, tho Dean of Sydnoy waa about to propuso the appointment of a eelgçt committoo to consider that. Dr, CLAHHK movod an amendmont whioh wag in audible to the reporters, and whioh waa not esconded. Ur, GORDON augmented that it be an instruction to tho standing committeo to draw up a act of rules for their guidance, and to submit thom to tho eynod for ita sanction. *< Mr. G. F, TVisn did not think that tho numbers of lay and clerical mombera should bo equal, ? There would be, as tho resolution stood, fifteen members, in- cluding hi) lordship : eight olorical and sovon lar. Ho moved, aa aa amendment, that there bo twelve laymen to aeren clergymen. It was rory desirable that tho laymen ahonld bo able to attend, and ezpreea their voice on the affairs .( the Church. Mr CONSETT STEPHEN sccondod the amendmont of Mr. Wise, To this committeo would bo delegated many of the functions of tho synod. They would not be a mere executive, but would, stand in tho synod's place. Buoh a coramittoo waa admirably derisod for developing and perfecting their Churoh government. But representing this Bynod, the component parta of it, as proposed In the resolution, were in different propor- tions. It had been their atruggle for years past to obtain for tho laity a part in the' affaira of tho Church. They had aucocoded in getting two lay mombera to onr clergyman in tho eynod ; and there might be three to ono; for the Bishop might, in tho exorcise of his prerogative, appoint other laymen. Now in tho formation of the committee they ought to adhere to tho principle laid down in their constitu tiona. Thia committee represented the synod and ought to ba composed of the samo materials, in the same proportion. Tho Church had attained its, present position in England through the efforts of the laity. Its laws had been framed by the Parliament of England, by the House of Commons where all were laymen, and the House of Lorda where tho clerical element wa8 very small. But now they wore by this motion . inaugurating a system pf Government in which, comparad with that, tho clerical eloment was rory large. The BISHOP, in stating tho amendment proposed by Mr. Wise, seconded by. Mr. Consett Stephen, said be, aa Biahop, did not consider himself one of the sereu clergy. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Fumar said it waa evident that (ho duties of tho atanding committeo wore moat multifarious and weighty. Thia atanding com- mittea would farm tho executive. He would prefer to elect this committeo by ballot. (Hear, hear.) Aa a very old resident, all the gentle- men proponed were personally known to himself ; and ha had no objection to any of them. But proposing a numbor of gentlemen en masse, some good men might have bcon omitted. And eome of tbeso seven clergy- men might possess minda not altogether moulded1 for the work beforo thom. Ho would, therefore, propose an amendment. Tho BISHOP said thoy muat disposa of the amend- ment already proposed first. . Tho Rov. Mr. WOOD proposed that they ahould rota by orders, as tho atatament of Mr. Coneott Stephen was quite erroneous, Mr. RUSSELL < solicitor) proposed that the names of the Ker. G. E. Turnor and tho Rev. Thomas Smith be added. Mr. H. JONES auggoated that it would bo necessary for afr. Rusiell te move that the word "aeren" beforo the word clergymen be omitted, and tho word " nina" substituted. The amandmoit proposed by Mr. G. F. .Wiso wa» withdrawn, to allow Mr. Rusaell moving an amendment on a previous part of tho motion. . Mr RUSSELL then mored tho omission of the word "Bevon" before, the word " clergy mon," with a view of inserting the ward "nine." Mr. J. J. RILET had promised to second thia amend- ment, but he thought the committeo quite large enough. . He thought the numbers of loy and clerical mombera ahoold ba equal. The Honorable G. HT. Cox, thereupon, aecondod the amendment. He did io, however, with a. view of proposing that there be only five clergymon and ten laymen Tho question that the word "soven" bo retained was carried, in tba affirmative, by 80 to 30. Mr. Russell'! amendment was therefore lost Mr. G. F. WIBE moved aa an amondmont, the omission of the word " seven " before " lay mombera," and tho insertion of tho word " twelve." Ho agreed that a email committee was better than an unweildly number. Mr. COHSKTT STBTIIBN aecondod the amondmont. _ The question that tho word "seven" bo retained* was negatived by a considerable majority. The inser- tion of the word " twelve " waa carried by a largo majority. Tho motion of Canon Allwood having been put from the ohair, as amended, The BISUOF said that fiva namoi must now be added. Beforo adding theae names, ho would tako the aenss of tho coramittoo on the resolution. The resolution, aa nmondod, waa BO far carried unanimously. Mr. Prunas- called for a ballot for the ninotean mom bore of this oommittee. The Bisnop accordingly directed a ballot tobo taken. Rev. PEBOY J. SMITH, questioned whethor they could voto by ballot for tho standing committee. It was undesirable that tho Bishop's atanding council of advice should be choson in this way. Each name ahould be freely canvassed. Tho Rev. T. C. Ewnto concurred in tho'viewa of Mr. Peroy Smith.-: Ho objected to tho ballot in thia case. He, as a country clergyman, if chosen, would ba unable to attend and to act. Besides, the time of the synod waa valuable. Rev. Pane Y Ssirra aaid ho apoke on the matter as a point of ordor. Rov. .T. C. EWINO continued on tho point of order. The 87th atanding order, which authorised the use of tho ballot, referred only to " select" committees, not to tho standing committee. Tho member who had called for tho ballot, thereforo, had no right to do so. Mr. RICHARD JOKBS said the question waa not the desirability of vote by ballot, but simply what the oidora determined. Ho took it that overy committee chosen by the eynod waa a select committee«, and thia order gave every member the right to call for a ballot. Mr. W. FOSTKB aaid this matter could easily be determined if they construed the 87th rule gram- matically. They found there the worda "no select i committee other than the standing committee." They ! wore, theroforo, preoluded. by their own standing order, from arguing that tho standing committee was' not a select committee. The Bar. Mr. PALMEE aaid, according to the gram- matical construction, clearly the atanding committee was not a eoleot committoe. Rev, THOIÎAS SMITH said tho exomption of tho atanding* committeo only referred to numbera, and not to choosing by ballot Thia committoe, therefore, must bo choson by ballot on tho demand of any member. The Honornblo G. E. Cox aaid tho point was per- fectly clear. Thoy must vote by ballot I Itev. T. HOBO SON said theao worda were introduced into the 37th order to exempt the standing committea, and thc exemption applied to the wholo of thia order, and not morely to tho first part Mr. A. STUART fully concurred in .the views of Mr. Hodgson. Thia ctauso " ethor than the standing com- mittee" was iasortod by the Bynod Itself. Conse- quently tho wordi "luch oommittee" muat moan "select committee other than the standing com- mitteo." ; Mr. WILKINBRN said it seemed to ba assumed hera that other than select oommitteoa oould not bo chosen by ballot. But thore waa nothing to ahow that the atanding committeo, so excepted, should not bo ohoaen by ballot Thore was nothing in thia atanding order whioh'toók away the privilege of ballot. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ROLLESTON requested the President to provont furthor loaa of time. i . The BISHOP Beid ho kod no doubt whntovor onjthe matter. Th'« standing committea was not a aelect com- mittea. It would bo beat,' that instead of teatingithe President's judgment, thoy should decide by ahow of. hands whether they proceed by ballot or not' ' " 1 The question waa decided by ahow of banda: That the Btanding oommittee shall not'be chosen by bailor. Rev. CANON* ALLWOOD then moved-That tho fol- lowing bo the names of the lay and clerical mombera of the standing committeo t-The Hon. Chorlos Cowper,, the Hon. E. Cox, lid. Knox, Shophcrd Smith, Richard Jones, Alexander Gordon, Hon. James Mitchell, 'Hon. Ja moa Macartnur, M. Metcalfe', Chriatophor HollcBtoD, Alexander Stuart, M. H. Stephen, and the Very Rev. tho Dean of Bydnoy and Rev. Messrs. Allwood, iW. Stack, H, B. King.'E; Rogore, G. Vidal, and A. j H. Stephan. '.--...> Uer. Mr, |PALtHB seconded tho motion, which waa carried unanimously. ?? ? < Mr. W, FOBTEB. moved to add to tho resolution tho following warde:-"That tho duration of thia com- mittee bo twolvo montlia from thia day, or until the next moat!ag of tho synod." ' He did this becaueo.'tho duties of the committee wcro of BO arduous a nature that it waa hardly fair or prudent to commit them- selves to an ^appointment that would Inst thrco years, or thc whole' duration of tho synod, ' If tho committeo vf oro In any way ehoeon, by the majority of «ho reprcaentntivea, ho beliov'od tho aamo naraea would baw been chosen. Aa that waa not done he naked whether lt waa desirable to continue in thia office those whom they hare now chosen. It might be that the members now chosen would bo found unauit ablo. They might have to rearrange them. The BISHOP observed that the next meeting of this synod might be early next year. Mr. STATHAM said that might ba too short a period. Tf the recess were ahort tho committee might not be able to draw up reporta. Mr. WILKINSON seconded the amendment. The Bwnop aaid ha conaidered thnt the standing committee should begin and end with tho synod itself. Thia waa tho rule with evory other eynod. It the/com roittoo misbehaved itself tho ar nod could- dismiss it. It would be far- botter if they left tho matter till th» ralea drawn up by the standing committee nero before them. Por the standing committee to continue aa long na the eynod waa a fundamental principle of ? diocesan synods. I ITear, hear.) . Rev.tW. STACK said.tho synod might not be sitting at tho end 'of'the twelve months'; and whon the'synod^ met, tho standing committee would have several im-' portant dutiea to perform. The amendment waa negatived by a large majority. The amended resolution of Canon Allwood, as a whole, including the ninetoen].namcs, was then read by tho Bishop, and adopted.. Mr. GOKDON'moved, with . the concurrence of tho synod-" That it he an instruction to the standing com- mittee, to draw up rules ; fer their guidance, and to lay the »arno before the synod at the earliest possible moment." The motion was taooBdad by the DEAN, and carried nom. con. At twonty-fivo nainutes'to 0, the synod adjourned for an hour. . MINUTES. On reassembling, the minutes ol the meeting of the former day wore read, and after a alight alteration, confirmed.' They were thon signed by tho Bishop aa president of the eynod. MARRIAOB REOOLATIONS. The BEAN OP SÏDHET. moved-" That considering the largo diminution' of tho numbor of marriages cele- brated by the clergy of tho Church of England in thia diocese, and the serious evita arising from the members of our Chureh deserting their own communion and resorting to ministers of other denominations to be married ; a committee of thia synod be.appointed, to inquire into the cauBis which have operated to bring about auch resulta, and to consider and report what measurea it ia advisable to adopt with a view to remedy those evils. That such oommitteo consist of th» fol- lowing nembors of synod, viz.:-Revs. Canon AU-, wood, W. Stack. H. S. King, Thomaa Smith, Messrs. W. Barker, M. C. Stephen. R. Jones, . T. J. Jaques, and the mover." He said, having settled their formal business, they might now address themselves to thoeo practical questions which had been referred to by tho Bishop in his opin- ing address. , He (the Dean) trusted the grave quea tion now brought before them-a question much interwoven with tho'wolfare of tho Church and colony would be, discussed with that calmnaaa, fairness, can- dour, and considération for each other, which ought to mark auch a proceeding, and by which mombera of the Church of England were generally distinguished. He trusted ho would have dealt to him that kindness rind consideration which ho required, Ho felt that there wore others bettor able to deal with this subject than . himself, but, at the request of others ho had undertaken tho question. Tho Church of England in this colony had a great work before her. It waa for them to consider her wanta ; ? ? to devise means for the removal of those wanta, io aa to ronder her more useful, and: moro influential aa an agent for promoting truth and righteousness _'i«. the land. Ho trusted aynodical action might draw thom together in brotherly conference for the advance- ment of their Church in the diocese. The subject he bad to bring before the synod, waa tho queation of the diminution of the number of marriagea celebrated' by the'clergy' bf their Church. Thia waa a Berioua evil The first point waa the fact of the largo diminution in tho numbor of mar- riagea celebrated by the clergy of the Church of England in this diocese. The clergy complained that such waa (he case, and if they turned to public docu- menta, they found it waa BO. By tho tenth report of the RegiBtrar-Gonernl of the colony, he found them were 3578 marriagea in 1805, of which the Church of England celebrated only 880; the Chureh of Rome. 031; tho Presbyterian Church, 035; tho Methodists. 403; the Congre- gationalists, 97 ; tho Baptists, 3-1; tho Hebrews, ll ; other denominations, 28 ; and the Registrars, 252. With a view to judgo correctly of thia question, they must consider the amount of the population. From tho ram» source ho learned that in 1881, tho population consisted of 151,958 membera of tho Church »f England; 99.193 of tho Chureh of Rome; 34,092 Presbv'erinne; 23,082 . Methodists ; 5411 Congregationalists; 1759 Hebrews; 9803 of other bodies ; 12,909 Mahometana and Pagana ; and 3393 unspecified ; making 350880. Taking thia aa the baeiaof calulation, the Church-of England- ought to have colebratod 1031 marriages instead of 888 ; The Church of Rome, 1010, inatead of 931 ; the Pres- byterians, 353, inatead of 935-(a laugh)-and the Methodists, 241 instoad of 319. Still further, there had been a decrease in the marriagea celebrated by their Oluirch ainco 1850 In the third table of thia annual rejyjrt, he found the number of marriagea by each church since tho 1st March, 1856. And tho Church of England had fallen off in the marriagea, while other denominations had increased thoirs. In 1850'tho Church of England marriagea were 911; in 1805. only 888. Whereas, the Preabvtorlan marriagea in 1856 were 471, and in 1865 they were 935; though the population of that denomination did not increase in anything like the aamo proportion. Thia diminu- tion ia their marriagea had taken place, notwithstanding the clergy had beon increased in number. The numbor of young parsons confirmed was greator in 1865, than in previoua years.' The Ohurch exhibited more vitality and energy. He bad a return of marriagea in Sydney and anburbe, where thero was a greater diminution than in , tho colony at large. It would Tmvo boen interesting if thor would have compared tho number of marriagea with that of baptisms. He believed they would find tho rovoiao there; People resorted to their own church for tho sacrament of baptism, but went off, to other churches for other purposes. Ha had now provod tho point on which his motion was foanded. Now their Church sought to oncompaaa her. members from the timo they entered tho world with the sancti- ties of religion in every part of their progress from their baptism to tho gravo. (Cheors.) If they loat their hold of their people at that important period when they wero united for life, thia would break in their aesocia' tion with the ohurch that sought their spiritual welfare. Thara waa a tendency to other mora lorious ovila. Not only -waa tho hold of tho Church on her people weakened ; but when persons enterad on tho important step of marriage in a light manner, they inflicted great injury on themselves and upon aocioty. There wero many in thia city and colony who had taken this atop raahly, through facilities afforded them : who had to repent of it, and society is now Buffering from such conduct. (Hear, hear) Another evil waa that many marriagea wero improperly celebrated. Many had hean celebrated whore one of tho persona con- cerned had bean already married. It waa but yesterday that auch n caao came under his notico And vory often young peraona were tampered with and ruined. The facilities afforded for unlawful marriagea produced auch evils. And worst of all, young persons undertaking theso engagements loBt sight altogothor of tho grave responsibilities and important duties lying before them ; and thus gradually a demoralised tono waa spreading, and the burdens on charitable institutions wero greatly increased. There waa therefore sufficient ground for hia motion asking a oommitteo to investigato thia sub- ject. Pirst they wore to inquire what were the causes which havo led to theso resulte. Some woro of opinion that the fees had a great deal to do with iL (Hear, hear.) Ho thought other causea had much to do with it; 1 Tho limitation of the boura had something to do with tho matter.' There waa a difference in tho hours.' Lately bia lordship had allowed tho celebration of mar riago between tho hours of sunrise nnd uunsot Thoro were other causes ef the evil Into theso thoy would look, if tho committee wero appointed. He only h'opod" the committee would go into tho mattor fully. Thero Bhould bo some alteration in tho present Mar- riage. Aet bf, tho colony. Marriages ought net to bo allowed to feocelobratod without previoua notice. (Hear, hear, hear.) If such an amendment woro in ado in tho law,' a «teat 'benefit would bo conferred on sncioty. : At nrosont, persons might go from a house at 7 o clock in tho evening,-and be-; married before 8. Ho know tho caao of ia girl under sixteen, who absconded nt 7 p m., and waa married before 8. Thc Church of England required a sifting inquiry to soouro society .from.hasty' and improper marriages. Ho hoped tho f-ynoi','tho subject being one of such gravo importance, would grant tho com m it too, and instruct them to use all diligence mid earnestness.1' Ho warned hia brcthron against expecting th it thay coula deni with so gravo1 a ' question in a vt ry short time. Ile now loft. tho question with the synod. ...ii.. Hr. H. ? METCAXPB seconded tho motion. Ho said thoy were suoh a law loving people, that they could not depart from what waa anoient and respectable. But he thoutrht the insisting.on tho publication of tho banua three- timea was a regulation of an oppressive nature. (No.) He did not wonder at their . people going clae whero. In this colony thoy ought to offer all possible enoouragemont In bia humble opinion the services of the clorgy should be rendered ia this matter without fee at all. He bolioved tho clergy would be gainers by this. If tho fee were made a'nominal ono, thoy would no longer have to complain of their peoplo going claawhore to get married. He .hoped tho committee would speedily report on this matter. They might do ao in the oourae of a week. (Hear, hear.) ' The Rev. W. STACK aaid he would riot be able io act after another month. On thia subject he was well ac- quainted with tba foelinga of hia parlshionora ; and felt it'due to himself notto aliów thp matter to pisa with expressin'g hia well couaidered and ho bolievod well founded, convictions on . the subject. -Tho Dean had'.pointed to1 several ' eau sos !of the atato of things they regretted., 'domo of these causea were beyond ' their control. - Thoy could not alter' Aota of Parliament. In thia colony, and ospoclally in Sydney, their, peoplo were aeeking the sanction of the most solemn, tie in othor denominations. ' If people entered into that solemn contraot without those saored sorvicee which they were accustomed to regard j if thoy went for that object to a miniater whoso instructions they novor attonded, it. would, weaken their aenao of the importanco of tho márria'ge'tic. And when they found a Divorce Bill under consideration, thoy know not what mightbo'tbe state of society ia the' next genera- tion. But they, aa members of tho Church of England, had to inquire whether there was anything in their proceedings which contributed to tho ovil. Jila friend, Mr. Metcalfe, had said they should marry without any fee. Now, he (Mr. Stack) had lately celobratod four marriagea, and only in ono chao did he recoivo a fee fer himself ; but in every casa ho.wa« obliged! to take £2 16a. fdr other people. (Hear, hear.) ' In on» case, a young man waa engaged to be married to a Roman Catholic girl. Ho went to tho young man's mother, and offered to make BO charge for himself, but aald £2 16a. must be paid. The priest married them for nothing. He , had no doubt that tho ex- penses laid on marriago ' fonded lo drive peoplo awny from " their Church. Thia waa a matter they could remedy. (Hoar, hoar.) Thoro was ono urgumont which he hesitated to urge before the eynod. He waa prepared to, accept tho Bean's appearance in bringing thia subject ' before the committee ; but with all deference, ho asked bia lordship.to consider how they wore to moat;this vory great evil. Their oxtating customs of marriago could not easily bo altered. Ho believed no blame attached to any one at presont. But if the system continued from thia timo onward, he could not eay thoy would be free from blame. Ho had been obllgod in tho-discharge of his- duties to administer exactly tho aarae oath twico to tho same person. Con- sidering tho solemnity of an oath, this had long hurt hit instinctive feelings. (Hear, hear.) And ho wei not aure'that it waa not against law to administer tho same oath to-tho aamo person twice. Ho queationed whotbor his lordship had: the right by law to call upon the clergy to administer tho same oath twice. The time waa come for them to look fairly into tho diffi- culties. The real difficulty was, they would be obliged to find a salary for a registrar in this diocese. Brit thia could bo worked. The law of tho Church required the publication of bannr. It would ba well to return to that practice ; but it would bo impossible to do so. For tho futuro thay might bo required to administer the oath twenty-four hours before tho parties wero married. That wonld meet that difficulty. As to T tho salary for a registrar of tho diocese, the parishes should consent to provide a proper pension or stipend to one who had long aorvod the Church, (Hear, hear.) In [ovary caso when a marringo was solcmniied ' £V illould ' ba demanded'of ' the 'parties. Out of that a fee should bo given to the sexton, and tho rost should go to the pariah fund, and might form the foundation of a stipend to the registrar of the diocese. As for thc clergymen, they would bo satisfied that if tho parties wished to givo them a feo, tboy should do 8.1 ; if not, they would do without it. ' (Cboors.) Mr. ROWLEY eaid this was a mattor ho had given much consideration to. Tho question might have been Bottled at once. ' The root of tho evil was the heavy fees. He waa registrar of the district of Berrima. People often came - to hint to bo married. He told them it was far moro respootabla to bo married by tho clergyman. But they said they could not allard the fees, and they disliked to be called in ohuroh, though thoy much preferred to bo married by a clergy- man. It waa disgraceful, and tho root of the evil was the fee. Let the foo bo dono away with, and pooplo would be married in a decent and proper manner, at church. The Rev. THOMAS SMITH could not altogether agroo with the Dean os to thia select com- mittee. The committee could bring np their report without leaving it to the next BO'eion. The matter was of vital consequence, and any delay would bs injurious to tho Church Thc scleot committee might report to the synod during the present session. Thia matter had caused moro .heartburning'and unhappiness in the Church, than any other subject Ho must aay, for tho registrar of thia diocese (Mr. James), that when- ever he (Mr. Smith) urged a reason for it, ho eave up the fee. He had often to aak himself, when a man came to be married-" Can thia' man afford to pay this flvo gúinéaa?"- Some had- said to him,' "lean go and got married for two-or oven for a pound." Tho clergy had no right to be oppressed by a qucation of thia kind, which drqvo from tbe Church many persona who would othorwiae be attached to her communion. There ought to bo an alteration in tho Act of I'arlin ntont Tho tru way to obtain moro marriagea wai to extend tho boura during which murringo might, ba per- formed. (No, no.) Aa for tho antiquity of marriages, they knew that in tho ancient Church marriagea wero celebrated at night'1 It wóüld promoto temporalice, if they invited a couple who wore about to get tuarrlcd to a cup of tea, and to be married afterwards. They invited pcaple to church at 7 o'clook. Baptisms, and sometime, in England, tho Lord'a Sapper, wero cele- brated in tho evening. He aaw no harm in tho per- formance of marriages as lato as 8 p.m. (Hear hear.) If they did not allow this, no other alteration would remedy thia evil. Peesona in huniblo life often wished to be married in tho evening, because thoy did not li ko to go through the atrceta in tho day timo without auch dress, icc, aa their neighbours could afford. (Hear.) Ho had during the year had fifteen marriages, and 350 baptisms. . And in the case of some of these fifteen marriages, he had io give credit, and peoplo had not paid him yot (Laughter.) In ono case ho happened to marry a ' poraon under twenty-one. (Oh I) Well, how could a person know that a solemn doolaration was fatso. Tho mother of. the young man threatened to summon him to tho Supreme Court. Ho replied by threatening to proceed against tho young man for per- jury, when the mother said Bho had wltnessea to provo that ho only kissed bia thumb In th« vestry. There were a great many marriagea performed by gontlmen who carno over tho border. They (tho Clergy of the Church of England) wore to blame in" tho matter. Considering the immonse importance of this matter, and tho position their Ohuroh occupied in this oountry, they ought not to perpetuate ( for ono day a. system which would oramp and warp tho oriorgies of that Church. Marriage waa ono of the moat eacred of nil sorvices. Ho hoped the aolect committee would recom- mend the toking away of tho feo. Ho oarnostly urged that thia select' committee should bo oBlted to entor at onco on thia mattor. There wero ccntlomon on ihis committee who had mada this subjeot a-study for years. Ho moved aa aa an amecdmont to add I ho words, " and that the committee ba requested to bring up their report during tho present session of tho eynod." : \ _ Tho Rev. A. H. BTFPHBH said that some of tho qacB-f tiona could not bo dealt with. Ha recommended the insertion of tho word "progrosa" before "roport." Thora woro sonto milkra on whioh they should act on tho good old rulo " festino lente." Othor points might bo decided at once. He objeotod to tho rulo that ono party muat resida in tho pariah. Thia rulo often workod ex- tremely, ill. _ Tho ieee had rory much to do with tho evil'complained "of. Ho related a caso in which a oouplo declined to bo married by him on account of tho fee. Under certain restrictions ho did not seo why marriages should not take place af tor an evoning service ot half-past 8 o'clock. The clergy mon ought occasionally to preach a Berraon on tho text "Marringo ls honorable in nil." Lately one of hia Sunday-school toachora waa married in her own homo by a roverond doctor, who wne brought out In'o cab from Sydney, - Ho thought ' a law should bo passed requiring all persons to bo marritd In some ptaco'of worship, unlcso thoy lived at toogrcat n dis- tancé. ' Aa for tho amendment, lt WBB loft an open ques- tion in the motion when tho committeo should report. IThey might reportas soon aa they thought proper. ? Mri HOWLEY seconded tho nmendmcnt of Mr. Smith. The Rev. JOHN ELBBB said he thought tho reduction of feel would operate to a certain extent. An appen to the Legislatura waa ucseasary. afr. ROLLESTON thought ibo provision of a salary foi tho registrar of tho diocese bael nothing tn do with tin Question. Thero could bo no doubt aa to the fact tba' there had boon a groat diminution in tho proportion ol marriagea. Tba marriagea in the Church ol England ware. 40 per oe'nt. in 1850 ; only SO per cent, ic 1857; in 1802 only 81 per cont; in 1803thaj wero 25 por cent. ; and in 1805, only 24 per cent. Thia diminution waa not due to fcoa alone, for tho fool were the same in 1850 aa now. Tho diminution dated from the passing of the Marriage Act of 1855. Thal Act waa tue sourco of trie evil. No doubt the fees wei« ona oause of tho diminution of their (damages. He hoped no delay would tako placo. The preaent stato ot tilinga was injurious to tho Church and to society at large. Her. TnosrAs HAYDON thought it moat important that thia matter should bo well considered. Aa the evil bad continued so long a time, to let it remain aa it ia for a fow months longor would not augment the evil very much. They had appointed . seleot committeo for thopurposo of full inquiry. Ho truated the committee would tako evidence on the subject, and that that ovidenco would bo laid beforo tho ».mod. Ho hoped tho matter would bo considered very deliberately. The fees had everything to do with thia matter. Ho did not think tho question of hours had muon to do with, it Ho thought 0 o'clock was quito lato enough. The ROT. W. SCOTT (Vfarden of St Paul'a Collego) said ho thought it necessary for them to know whether a progresa roport could be acted opon. Tho BISHOP said if a progress roport ware brought up, and a resolution founded on tho report wero passed by tho eynod, that resolution would be carried out' Mr. JAQOKS bore teatimoby to tho necessity of th» present marr lugo Jaw being taken under tho conside ration of "thia" synod, with a ' view to an amendment of that law. (Tho Bishop: Hear, bear.) 1 hat. law had been in groat degree the causo of the diminution of marriagea ia their Church, if they were at tho requisition of a few individuals calling them selves a congregation'to bo required to register as a minister ontitlod to marry, it would ba a serious blow to the solomnity of tho marriago contract Kev. Paner. J. -MITH thought the Marriago Act was not tho causo of tho falling off of marriages ia their Church, as Mr. Rolleston and Mr. Jaquos seemed to think. But that Act required amendment It waa strango tho Government did not require a more material guarantee of tho character of tho persea who was to officiato at a marringo. Tho character of tho minister ought to be guaranteed by the number of the congregation or thb church. If a church consisting of ten persona of indifferent character choose to nominate a certain person aa their minister, waa that a sulBciont reason ? Aa for tho hours of marriage, he held that eoatraots af that importance ahould bo entered into in open daylight, and in a public plaoe. He believed tboir suggeetionB would bo received with respect and thank fulness by the Lezialaturo, for tho amendmont of the Marriago Act. There was a great omission ia that Act in not stating into whoso hands the registers of baptiams and marriages in tho possession of tho registrar of tho Arohdoaojn'a Court, should be committed. Tho Church owed generous . and thankful consideration to that gentleman (Mr. Kerrison James). They did not now want a registrar of tho diocoeo. A secrotary waa suffi- cient. Those fe'oa wero tho'foca of the Lord Bishop's secretary. Ho hoped tho eynod would consider before they appointed any official, whether that official was necessary for the Church. He did not think they could gat rid of fees altogether. There must bo some small remuneration to the sexton. ' At a wedding the clergy- man was often kent waiting for hours. If tho fae wore left with the partiea thors would bo an uncomfortable feeling in some minda that' thoy had not given what waa expected, ne thought there should bo a fco of £2, of which £1 should go to the Lord Bishop's cecrotary, and tho other bo divided between the clergy- man and tho aexton. , (Oh I) Tho feo might, in time, bo reduced. As for notice, ho' thought twenty-four hours too short a time. Tho publication of bnnns_ was no longer of any uso ; and somotimes tho mention, of the names in church amounted to a breach of decency. (No, no.) Thoy hnd no right to interrupt their services by such a pub- lication. It waa impossible to- prevent clandestine marriages by any such means. He earnestly prtssed on the synod so to arrange tho marriage queation that the clergymen might not bo called to publish banna. Ile agreed with tho Rev. Mr. Stack as to tho administration of unnecessary oaths. They might bo released from inducing pebplo to go through auoh subterfuges aa the Hov. Thomas Smith alluded to. Ho thought thia quoBtion might be sottlod in five er six days. J He sometimes blushed for his Church when people ? carno to him to have his blessing en their union, and ho fouad thal because of the dolly or ex- pones required ho could not do it. It waa besides an affront to a olergyman for a parson to como up and ask him how muon he charged . for marrying. When I asked for a bleasing, and obliged to impose a pecuniary oondition, they were placed in a false light before thoir people. The Rev. JOHN FLKTCRKB- drew attention to one point-that there ought to be nothing in regard to the I marriago queation of a mercenary character. They I ought at on co to got rid of the queation of the registrar's salary. They could find means of meeting the righteous claims of an old servant of the Church, But lot them I get rid of thc idea that auoh a matter affected the Battlement of an important queation. Ho did not think I thoy ahould abolish th* fees all' at once. He waa astonished to hear bia own expérience mentioned by several ofhia brethren. He had found among his peoplo j j a mon and woman living together without marriage, j I Ho urged upon thom the duty of being married. , Objections arose aa to fees, ic, and aome delay followed. To hia Burprlao ho found that thoy had been married by a reverend doctor for five shilling?. He (Mr. Fletcher) would havo likod to marry them without any fee at all. Tho law allowed vory improper facilities for marriage). He hopod tho Legislature would consider the representa- tions of auch a body aa thia'eynod for an amendment of tho law. Mr. WILKINSON (barrieter) thought the synod were rather sanguine aa to tho alteration of an Act of Parlia- ment It wai evident that thero was a great vested interest on the otherside. If they first reduo d their feos, so aa to compote on equal terme with the othor aldo (a laugh), thoy would bein a much bettor position to aoek a ohange of tho law. Another thing was, they oed not ge to any great length in getting evidence beforo reporting on the important practical pointa be- foro them- (Cheeta) Mr. RUSSELL submlttod that tho principio should be considered whether marriage waa a civil or sacred con- tract. The law permitting the registrar to colobrato marriagea treated marriage aa a civil contract only. This required rodrose. This. was an unholy alllanoe. It waa licensed concubinage, which waa aanotioa by this Act. Ho hoped tho syncd wonld petition tho Legislature to alter tho Act. Mr. A. STCAQT slid ho would hall with dollght tho speediest decision of thia matter ; but he thought thoy ahould loavo tho matter to the committee. Various courses of tho evil complained of had been alluded to. Thero waa a vast ranuo ovor which tho committeo would havo to trav.l. Membera of synod had recom- mended totally opposite courcca. Tho eoleet committee would havo much difficulty. Thoy could not oxpeat tho Bitting of the synod to ba continued for a long period. Thoy could scarcely expect a committeo to bring up a satisfactory report within the period of tho eynod'a present aossion. If thoy brought up a moro progress roport. it would bo of no vatua whatever. Tho Ruv. W. B. CLARKS said the settlement of tho foea bolonged altogether to tho Bishop of tho diocese. Ho held that no marriago should bo celebrated without a license. Ho did not npprOvo of banns being pub- lished ; because he had known cases in which lianna woro published and tho partiea were not married aftor ,11.. .- -r.-. Mr. A. GORDON agreed with tho Rev. Thomas Smith, as to tho reasons that induced . him to move tho amendmont. But' ho did not think, tho seleot committeo could bring up a satisfactory report during nov reasonable easeion of tho synod. Tho.' opinions of membera of tho eynod wero vory conflicting,' and the roport of tho seleot committee would have a'most important influence on tho welfare of the Chureh. Ho deprecated hasty pro- ceedings. From tho atatemont of tho Kev. ÁV. U. Clarke, it waa evidently, necessary to tako ap tho question . of th . publication of banns. He re- viewed tho opinions. expreaeed during thia debato ; aomo speakers aaciihcd tho evil to feos; somato hours (no, no, no) ; somo to tho' Marringa Act. Korne would < abolish fees; Bomo'said no; somo said £1, aomo £2. Ho put it to hi rdvorend friend (T. Smith), that aa men bf business they ahould' leave it In tho banda of tho committee, without forcing them to bring up a progress report. " ? ' Mr. JOBEi-riBON, M.P., thought tho last speaker had imagined'difficulties whioh had no existence.- All speakers wera agreed ns to thrco points, namely expense, publication, ' and dolay, There iras no reason why ? th« committee, éboulai not determine ort these throe - points _ attar one sitting. They might TOIIUCO tho fee. Th« ' publication of banns might tie dispensed with. He did not see why marriages should not bo celebrate at any time between D a.m. and 0 p.m. Thus throe obstacles might be removed immediately. He thought the com- mitteo ahould bring up their report instantly. Ila was astonished that no disaant was expressed at tho on seemly expression used by a mombor of synod, that any marriagea under tho preaant law wore "licensed con- cubinage." He hoped thc committee «auld do their work without delay. Tho DCA.» ropliod. Tie was mora than over COB. firmed in the opinion that thia waa a matter thoy could not deal with hastily. Haato would dofoat tho object they had in view. Ho was sorry bia friends, Mr. Jaaephson and Mr. Rolleston, could not givo time to thia oommitteo. He would be glad if bia friend, the Rsv. Thomas Smith, would not press his amondmsnt. The committeo would bo anxious to dis- charge tholr duty aa aeon aa poaaiblo. ll« proposed to add to the oommitteo the name of Rar. Thomas Smith. Ho waa surprised at tho recommenda- tion to abolish banna. Thoir Rubric stated that th* banna of all mast bo proclaimed thrco times. It would j be a very un-Ghuroh-of-Eagland-like proceeding to pro- hibit tho publication of banns. It waa tho privilege of I tho bishop of the diocese to dispenso with the banna ia certain circumstances. The publication of banua was coming into fashion in the old coun ry. , He thought thoy would havo considerable weight with the Legisla- ture in seeking a change of law. If they could show that the Act producod différent results to what waa in- tended, tho Legislature would rccbgniso their represen- tations. If the amendmont w. ro carried, it would be a question for tho gentlemen jamed to cbn'aidor whether they would accept the responsibility of diîoharging th» work of tho' committee uudar such"a pressure. Rev. THOMAS. SMITH deolinod to withdraw his amendmont Mr. W. BinxEB said, if the committeo woro re- quired to brine up a report during thia session, ho wonld ask leave to withdraw. The amendment waa then put, and carried' on div..Ion. The amended resolution wai carrlod unanimously.' ' The synod was then adjourned at 10 5 p m. until 3 30 this day. 