GOVERNMENT LAND SALES. (From the Government Gazette.) BRISBANE On July 25, at Mr. A. Martin's Rooms, Queen-street 26 town lots in the vil huge of Tingalpa, consisting of 1 acre each, at the upset price of £8 per acre. These lots, if not sold, will be open to selection. At the same place and on the same day, 55 country lots on and near the Tingalpa Creek, and the Caboolture and Brisbane Rivers, varying in area from 5 to 357 acres, at the upset price of £1 per acre. On the 31st day of July, at the same rooms 13 special lots in the City of Brisbane, varying in size from 35 perches to 1 rood 9 perches, at the upset price of £400 per acre ; also 6 lots, each of 16 i perches, at £200 per lot. These lots will be sold under the " Parliamentary and other Buildings Act of 1864." IPSWICH On July 29, at the Police Office : 26 country lots, near the line of the Great Southern and Western Railway, parish of Gatton, averages. from 4 to 13 acres each, at the upset price of £1 per acre. These lots, if not sold, will not be open for selection. Also, 25 lots, averaging 100 acres each, in the parish of Mutdapilly, at the upset price of £1 per acre. TOOWOOMBA. On July 27, at the Land Office: 24 suburban lots, in the parish of Drayton, averaging in area 6 ' acres 2 roods each, at the upset price of £4 per acre. Also, at the same place and time : 37 country lots, in the parish of Gatton, near the Main Range, varying from 3 to 40 acres each, at the upset price of £1 per acre. SUBSTANCE AND SHADOW. A fellow went to the parish priest, and told him, with a long face, that he had seen a ghost.-" When and where?" said the pastor. Last night," replied the man, " I was passing by the church, and up against the wall of it did I behold the speotro!"-In what shape did it appear?" asked the priest.-" It appeared in the shape of a great ass." Go home and hold your tongue about it," rejoined the pastor ¡ " you are a very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow." No HONEY-On Kentucky, General Nelson strictly prohibited depredations upon the property of citizens by his troops, and a committee was appointed to inquire if any offences had been committed. In making his return, one Joe Forman, a member of the committee, reported that there had been no loss sustained except " two bee-hives and a chicken without an honey in it." Sam Owens, the schoolmaster, who was on the committee, corrected the report, so as to make it read, " With the exception of a chicken and two bee-hives, the former containing no honey. "American paper. , WHY are book the best friends Because when they bore you, you can always shut them ! up without offence. 