TJDLEttllAPHIC. (moir OTTO TEMOHAruio couBEsrouDENis.) HELIDON. August 20. A COMMITTEE of the navvies met here this morning. They will proceed to Toowoomba to-morrow and thence down the line od rail- way, stopping at each camp and using com- pulsory measures. They affect to possess great determination; but as yet there is no real organisalion, and the proceedings up to the present time have been quite harmless. WARWICK. Augt^t 20. EASTEBX Dow>-s E/OWOX LEÏBUHN M'Lean Kingsford .. PlKElAl! M'Lean Kingsford .. The mnjority for U0 DIory J. M'Lean, taking all returns, is 32 T E^Kn^MPION. August 20. A fire occurred yAterdny at mid-day on the premises o/ Me/rs. Paterson and Jagors, butchers. /It ori/uated ia a hoy loft over tho stables, ¡/d \im fortunately confined to tho back pre/iises/Tho firm was insured iii tho Sydncj/and Tucific Offices. Tho mail/as arrived from Taroom, but nono fromcithc/Clcrmont or Springsure. SYDNEY. August 20. q/j man Bertrand has been remanded until Sessions. Lho Barwon gold robbery trial has been on ii day. Trade is dull. A cargo of Chilian wheat has boon quitted at s. per bushel, on terms. Tim Lady Bowen has sailed. MELBOURNE. August 20. Parliament has been further prorogued until October 2. In tho brcadstufl's market prices aro firmer. ADELAIDE. August 20. Wildman, tho late Secretary in tho Lands Department, who absconded, has been brought before the magistrates and remanded. Wheat remains firmer at last quotations. WE have withhold the publication of our Sj liney correspondent's letter, and also of several loiters on various interesting subjects until to- morrow. \- IN consequence of tho BUBpension of payment by tho Bank of Quoonsland, tho Corporation havo been put to sonio litllo flnanoial troublo ; and it was feared by many that tho bridgo works would havo to bo stopped. At tho moot- ing of tho Council yostorday, howover, it was decided to advance £ 100 por weok on the bridgo acoount out of tho gonornl Municipal ro venuo, as a temporary loan. Consider- ing that tho Corporation aro now paying about £120 per week as interest on monoy borrowed for tho erection of tho bridgo, and that tho work is so far advanced that rotm.is will shortly bo derivable from it, if it is allowed to progress at its present rate, this cori'so is it very wiso one It will bo genorally admitted that Mr. Bourno, the contractor, is aoting in tho most liberal manner to tho civic authorities. Ix tho ovent of thero boing a vacancy in tho representation of tho doctorate of West Moreton, through the doparturo from tho colony of tho Hon. R. Or. W. Hcrbort, wo understand that it is tho intontion of Mr. E. W. Lamb, tho late Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, to offer hhnsolf as a candidate Of Mr. Lamb as a privato gontleman and public officer wo cannot do othorwiso than speak in tho h ¡ghost terms ; as a politician wo kno.v nothing of him. If ho is propared to follow the cxainplo set by his rolations in New South Wales, all of whom havo boon most activo in tho introduction and support of liberal measures, wo think that ho has a right to claim public support. Tra Ministerial olootions aro now ovor. The Hon. J. D. M'Lean (Colonial Treasurer), tho last of tho batch, has boon roturncd by tho electors of the Eastern Downs, by a majority of 32 votes over his opponent, Mr. James Jones Kingsford. Wo aro at a loss to understand tho motivos which prompted tho opposition, unless thoy were to causo a little electioneering monoy to bo spent m dull times. A CONOEET was given at tho South Brisbano Mechanics' Institute, yostorday evening, in aid of tho y'Pianoforto Fund" of tho socioty. Owing to tho counter attraction at tho Victoria Theatroa tho attondanco was not so largo as might huyo boon expected, considering tho woll known ability of tlio lady and gentleman who took an Activo part in tho entertainment, and tho oxcolliint progrommo put forth. Tho pieces woro well içcndcred, several boing oncorcd.t Mr. S. Digglos / presided at tho pianoforte, kindly placing his\ services at tho disposal of tho com- mittee Ifc/wns announced that, in consequence of the small attondanco, a similar concert would bo given noxt Monday cvoning, when tho pro- gramme gpno through last evening, with a fow additions, is to bo repeated. A LrcirniE was dolivered yesterday ovening at tho School of Arts, by Mr. Costollo, on " Shorthand." Mr. T. B. Pugh, M.L.A., occu- pied the chair, and thcro was a considorablo audience. Tho lecturer in dealing with his sub- ject enlarged on Iho advantages which a know- ledge of shorthand confers, and showed that the acquirement of ty was by no moauB a difficub task to any ono who was really willing to master its principles. Do was listened to willi atten- tion by the uudi/nco. Wo understand that Mr. Costello-who/writes " Phonography," tbo sys- tem invented general use' intends immcdiatnly lu comnicnco giving a ¡cries of Cessons at tho School of Arts. A HsrnntE will bo ¿Lolivered at the Wrsloyan Church this evening, Wy tho Bov. A. Caldwoll, on " iho Effects of Coftnmcrco on Civilisation." The subject ÍB ono yhich presents a wide and splendid field to a/houghtful mind; and wo leliovo that Mr. yaldwoll will do tho most ampio juitico to it, Tun/ cntortañ/mont given by Miss Kato Wari]/ lnst nigWt, at tho Victoria Theatro, was sufildcntly wolli patronised to augur a satisfac- tory araount/)f support during the series of penormanc/s of which it was tho beginning. Tho title ^A' tho entortainment was " Masks and ifnees."/To Miss Kato Wardo tho principal 'sharo ffñ, and sho was assistod by Mr. Vinson and Wir. Douglas. Tho number of characters Mira Wardo sustained displayed to advantago tb/ versatility of talont which sho possesses, fifovcral songs, among them " Good-byo, Sweet- heart," "Woodland Whispers," and others, woro sung by hor, and the audionco signified their appreciation by hearty encores. The part which Mr. Vinson took was by no moans in- significant, and though ho had but ono character to imporsonato, ho had numerous opportunities in tho courso of tho evening of making himself funny and ngroeablo as Mr. Christopher Crucible. Mr. Douglas appeared as Eranie Crucible, and got through his part exceedingly well. Wo must not closo this notico without mentioning tho performances of tho pianiste, Madame Malla lieu, which wero of a high order, and tended much to mako the entertainment pass off well. WE understand, on good authority, that Mr. S. B. Davis, Iho member for Clermont, intonds vory shortly to resign his seat. It is gouornlly pre- sumed that ho purposes pursuing this courso for tho sako of giving tho lato Attornoy-Goneral a chanco of again ontoring Parliamout. Al- though Mr. Davis has, tliroughout his Legisla- tivo carcor, been ono of tho most Bilont members, ho has dono good acrvico to tho district ho re- presents in u quiet, unostontatious way ; and wo havo no doubt that his constituents may go further and faro worso. AN accidont occurred at 12 o'clock on Satur- day night, at tho corner of Edward and Queen streets. It appears that a spring cart, tho property of Mackinlay Brothers, carno iu col- lision with a cab belonging to Mr. N. Corrigan ; the wheel of tho spring cart struck tho cab horso on tho chest, causing tho unfortunate animal to fall down, where it remained iu an insensible stato for some time. Tho driver of tho cart forced his way past, and endeavored to avoid identification, leaving ono of tho lamps and a part of tho guard iron where tho accident occurred. Wo bclievo tho cab horso is a valuahlo animal, and it is feared that tbo animal has received injuries which will rendor it useless for sonic time. It has been placed under tho care of Mr. Mitchell, V.S. This is tho socond accident that has occurred near the samo placo recently. Wo trust by directing attention to tho abovo accident, that tho drivers of the con- veyances will exercise more caution in driving round the cornorB of si reels at a rapid paco. IN a lottcr which a¡)pcnrcd in tho Courier of Saturday, headed "Bills of Salo," thoro was n. slight error in the sontonco, " In a singlo in- stance alono do I admit its uso to bo pro- fitable." Eor " profitable," read justifiable. TUE Warwich Argus of August l8 reports the salo by Mr. J. C. White, junior, of tho celebrated draught entire, Picton, to Mr. John / Aspinall for £200. The Toowoomba Chronicle, of August 18, 1866 reports the following attempt at horse stealing : \- On Sunday morning last, about 10 o'clock, the attention of Mr. J. J. Greer, storekeeper, of Russell street, was called by his son to the fact that a man and a boy were driving five horses (four of them Mr. Greer's property) as fast as possible up Ruthven street. The police were immediately communicated with, but it was some time bofore they started, they having no horses at hand. Constable Murphy, however, immediately ran after them, and finally two of the policemen got horses, went down the Range as far as Mr. Gallon's, Main Range Hotel, when, receiving no tidings of the horses, they came back to Toowoomba by the mail track. In the meantime, Mr. Greer had been informed by a Chinaman, named Yan who lives near Stein's Ridge that he had seen five horses four answering the description given - driven furiously along James-street towards the Range The horses before arriving at Stein's bridge darted off towards tho Middle Ridge, where they have been used to run in a paddock, but they were finally headed and driven across the swamp higher up towards a stockyard at the back of Mr. Connolly's public-house. Two of the horses were found by Mr. Greer between Herries and Margaret street bridges. Mr. Greer sent his son after tho policemen to inform them that he had found two of the horses, and that he believed the other two had not been driven over the Range. The policemen had in the meantime returned, and the lad who was sent to inform them found the other two horses near Stein's bridge. We understand that Yan asserts that he knows both the man and the boy who were driving the horses, and though he is morally certain the horses were those of Mr. Greer's, ho would not undertake to give evidence to that effect, as he did not see the brands, the horses when going by passing at a very rapid pace. 