?¡Ü, WEEKLY REGISTER.1 , j Tho weather, during tho wcok has hoon Ter» fino. : J Tho result of tlio polling nt tho Tumut election, on Monday, was-for Mr. Brown, ,195; . for Mr. Thornton, 114. . . .. . . ' j A lodo of bismuth ia reportad to havo been discovered in tho HUnloV »nd. Daley Mino, South Australia. A now edition of " Plunketts Australian .Magie-, tracy," edited by Mr.fW. H. Wilkinson, nnd printod by Mr. lYCurjojnghauie, of Pitt-street, has been issued.. * Th«.Braidwood Dispatch, boara that tho wbolo of Araluen from tlio Plains down to Mudmelong is likoly to ba' workod over again for gold. ' A groat many new pieces of ground have boon discovered which wera passed by tho diggers who fi rat worked tho ground. It is said that a run of gold has' boen discovered at Livrer Araluen, which was lost somo years ago. Tho clipper barque John Williams bailed on Tuesday for the South Soa islands. Uer cargo oonsi.tsiof mis Bionnry.stbTOB. , -, r Tho operativo masons of Sydney hold their tenth anniversary dinner in colouration of tho oight-houra' rnovomont, on Monday1 ovening.'-,; Upwards of sixty operatives sat down to dinner, dolegates from ot li or trades hoing, present. Tho operativo masons have a splendid library, and 'thoir principles aro hoing adopted gradually by other trades. -In reforonoo to tho immoralities on board tho Palm Troo,.immigrant ship, from England to Melbourno, tho doctor was fined £2, with £8 costs, and to be im- prisoned toa dnjs; the third ollicer tho samo fino and costs, and savon days ; tho first and second officers £2 fine, £2 costs, and ono hour in gaol. j A woman named Mrs Woodhouso died in a statoof drunkenness whon travelling in tho mail coach botweon Quoanbbynn and Bungendore on Saturday night last. Tho Maryborough, immigrant ship, baa arrived nt Brisbane; all on board well. Nows from Nelson state that Burgess, Kolly, nnd Levy ara committed to tako their trial for tho murdbr of tho four mon at Maunagatapu Gap. Sullivan's, confessions in tho witness box aro foarf ul, and tho pp rusal is sufficient to chill one's blood. A mooting of tho landowners of Coogee was held on Friday ovoning. The object of tho mooting was to pro- test against tho trustees of tho Handwiok comotery laying ;down a drainage pipe from tho ceraotory through tho land at Coogoo, by which tho trustees intend to carry tho drainagb to tho sea. A telogram from tho Glarotico says, that Mr. Mac- kellar refuses to sit as mombor for tho Olaronco, if elected. It ie, thoroforo,. presumed . that Mr. John Robortson will bo roturnod. On Saturday afternoon about thirty members of tho Volunteer Artillery had o practice with tho big guns nt Dawes' Battory, for tho purposb of testing their re- spective merits as competitors for tho prizes to bu given by tho lt i Ho Association of Now South Wales nt tho annual mutch mooting;. Tho attempt to lay tho Cook's Straits telegraphic cabio has failed. The cabio brolto during tho operation of laying it, owing to a miscalculation ns to tho rate 'of tho tide. Tho cabio has beon successfully buoyed about tinco miles from whero tho break occurred. On Sunday last, nt Hungry 1'lat, near tho racecourne, n Gorman girl, about twelve years of ogo, named Catrina Shumann, lost her lifo. Ilor futhor and sonio other mon woro employed felling troes and olonring ground, nnd at midday they went a short distaiice. from thoir work for dinner,. leaving a grubbed treo standing with a ropo fastened to tho top of it Tboro waa a very high wind blowing at the time, nnd as tho girl plnyod with tho rope, tho troo fell. Sha endeavoured to escapo, but trippod, and tho tree came down upon hor head, and complotoly smushod her bltull. Tho Mudgee sheep ozhtbition, which opened on Thursday, wa« a succosi. V Somo people iu Goulbourn havo beon startled re- cently by what waa said tobo a ghoBt J?or sovoral nights strange noises woro hoard. Tho pol ico ot longlli discovered a half-witted fellow, known as Charloy,'asleep, lu an unoccupied house next -door.- Sinca then tho neighbourhood lias roiVinincd undisturbed, - \yitli regard to tho Moruyn Éílvor'Minos, tho works bolonging to J. - Stephens, Esq., aro now aotivol.v en- gaged in crushing quartz from tho Sil vor Mining Com- pany's ground, an ngroomont having been entered into botwotm tbeso parties- to that otfuet. To nrrivo nt a thoroughly satisfactory conclusion as to tho yaluo!of tho quartz,'MrJ.Stepliena ¡atonda to havo quartz talton from tho samo spot aa that.workod at his mill, testad at tho Sidney Mint ns woll ns by his own machinery. -. The Kev; Thomas Smith,' of St. Barnabas'», delivorod a looture on Monday-ovoning, iii tho Masonio Hall, on tho "Ups nnd Downs of Lifo." Tho mcoting was orowdod. .j . , M,r. B. .Short, Sydney ngont to the Australian Mtitual Frovidont Institute, gava another of his inter- esting lectures' on ;llfo aasumnco, in tho Wesleyan school-room, Botany-street, Surry Hills ; Mr. Thomas Cowlishaw In tho altair. Tho locturo was given in connection" with tho Surry Hills Young Alon's Mutual Improvement Socioty. j A man named William Hannoll was received into Maitland gaol on Tuesday aftornoon, from tho New- castle Bonoh, whilo labouring undor delirium tremous, and died within half nn hour after his arrival. i A bushrange r in Quoonsland, known ns tho Wild Scotchman,.bas been placed on his trial and found hot Kuilly on tho first charge. Ho has boon romn'udod | on Bovcral othors. ? . I ; A'¿arge Uro .has ûccûrrod in Nolson'whioh lotrSlly destroyed turoo hotels, tho Tompornnco Hull, and four tonn houses, thu damage doue being oa'tlinatod at £¿om 410,000 to £12,000, The Govornmont has appointod a commission to inquire ¡ato tho management of tho ßydnoy Infir- mary. A (Ire occurred on Tuesday night, on preraisoa situated on tho Globe Point road. Tho damage dono was not very extensivo. , On ; Tuesday evening the Ilonomblo E. C. Wookca, Esq., M.L.O., delivered a lectura to the members of tho Licensed Viotuallora' Association, at' tho Freemasons' Hall Hotol, York-stroot, on " Tho bendita derived by i ho Licensed Victuallers' Association in Eiuland." Tho chair was taken by Oharlos Cowpor, Esq., M.L.A., who introduced tholooturer to'thomooting. Tho Volunloer Artillory Ball in aid of tho band fund, took place in tho Musonia Hall, on Tuesday evening. Hr. II ugh Houston, resident Burgoon of tho Sydnoy Infirmary, died suddenly, on Tuesday morning, from inflammation of tho bowols Tho Registration of Brands Bill has been road a third time in tho Assembly. Tho Drunkards Punishment Bill has passed through tho committoo of tho Assembly. In hoing drunk ia a publio placo tho penalty ¡a 20s ; for boing drunk and disorderly tho ponalty is -IO*, or aovon days' imprison mont. The Gold-Solds Amendment Act passed through com- mittee on Wednesday. Tho Ind tu trin 1 Schools Bill hos boen passed by both. Houses of tho'Legislature. At tho last oommitteo mooting of tho Wrecks Bolîof Fund, tho treasurer announced that tho amount to tho credit of tho fund in tho «auk was £3150 Wi. 2d. ; anil that ho had paid out during tho wook £183 10* 8d. G roon, tho cx-ohampion scullor, has ohallongod Hickey, tho present champion,', to row him a milo rnoa for £50 or £100. Tho matter is ponding. ?/ A mossago. from tho Govoruor was rocoived in tho . Assembly on'Wednesday, announcing that his Excel- lency, on boll alf of her Mujesty, had given tho royal assoñt to tho'Act of Parliament validating the colloc tions that had beon made of duties of customs under tho law Imposing tho additional duty of twonty per cont, Tho half-yearly mooting of tho mombera of tho Sydney Co-operative Association was hold on Wedncs doy ovening, Mri W. Smith in tho ohalr. Though tho association was not successful during tho last half year, thc members. passod a voto of confidence in tho di- rectors. Tho inward mails receivod on tho ICth August, per R.jr.S.3. Ellon, consisted of 200 packages, containipgr 19,121 lottor¡>,'1070 books, and 30,739 nowspapcrs. , Stirs pr TOB PEN.-Tbaokoray soires to have had an intento dislike to the troubles of révision : for his popular works, especially those published periodically, abound in trival mistakes, arising from haste, forget- fulness, and want tf care. The novelist mortally wounds an old lady with a candle instead of a candle- stick, and ' afterwards attribu'ea hor death to a stone staircaso. Kevrcomo senior ls colonel and major atone and the same time ; Jack Belaizo ie Jack on one page, and Charlea on another; Mrs. Raymond Gray, introduced ns Emily, ia suddenly rechristened Fanny ; and Philip Fnrmor on ono oooásion heaomes transformed into the author's old hero, Oliva With rospeot to tho I st mentioned gentleman, author1 and artist-seem to have d'(Toted, for while Mr. Thackeray jests about Clive's beautirul whiskers and bandanna moustaches. Mr. Doyle persists to tbe end In denying young New come'* possession of thoso tokens of manhood. It is not off n that an author ia satirical upon bis own pro- ductions; but Charles Dickens bas oontrivedIto be so. describing the old inna of the borough in bis " Pickwick Papers," ho says thoy are queer placea, with gallerios, passages, and ataircasot wide' enough and antiquated enough " to furnish material for a hundred ghost-storios supposing we shonld ever He reduced to tbe lament.blo neccsiity of invonting any." now little could ' Boz'V havo. anticipated oertain oharmlog Christmas Books witchmg the 'world a few years Inter ! So . also "Amonoan Notes." Mr. Jefferson Bück and tho transatlantic Eden lay utisuBpr-cting in tho futuro when he made old Wolter suggest.Mr. Pickwick's absconding to America till Dodson aud Fogir werehung, and thon rotnrnlng to his Dative land and wilting " a book about the 'Morricans nt 'ill pay all hts oxpenses and more if ho bloira'em up enough!''-Chambers's Journ.il. Tm NKW KNOLISH Bnttitcn LOADER.-Tho description given of the superiority of tbe Trti'siun needle gun tZuiidon'lel.gowohr) over the smill arms n^w in rise iu other annies is . oileulnted to exoite oticomfurtablo reflections here as well as elaewhero. The chances of our coming Into contact with; the possessors of thia lormidiblo Weapon are, indesd, remoto enough, but still it ts far from Bathfnotory to think that", after nil the money we have »pent nnd the oxperlmouts wo havo made, our at my is not jot provided with the breech loading musket. It is, however, eotne aonsolation.to know that tbe Government have at last obtained a. breech, loader whioh'has b-en pronounced by compétent authorities even better than thc neodle-gun, nnd whioh will shortly be introduood as the regulation small arm of our troops. ' It is a converted Enfield on the Solinoi d r system, with' improved ammunition devised by tho Wool «Ich Laboratory. Tira rifle pos.essos the advan- tages of bting simple, safe,'cheap, non-capping, and little liable to get oat of order. Moreover, it does not requiro such areluo ion of the stook as lo destroy the ellicienoj of a weapon which, fer military purpose*, is rcqui.cd to act as a idke as well as a firearm. A . portion of the upper s'de of tho breeoh end of tho barrel is cut out for tho admission of the cartridge. This vacant space is closed nftcr lording by a lnmp of stool -tho '. breech stopper" or " breech- ploce"-which binges upon one side of tho birr el, and forms a false breech, against the faoe of which the back end of tho cartridge rests; the barrol is, in foot,shortoned to this extent. A plunger or piston transmits tho blow of tho hammer through the stopper to the oap of the cartridge, whieh ia withdrawn n'tei firing by a little instrument whioh forms part of tho stopper. The cartridge is .on the " central firs'.' system, the nhlef novelties bein? ibo cate and th« bullot. As regards the former, tho object IIUB beon to provMóa oase which snail uncoil or unwind to a cottain extent on dlichnrge. Tho bullet is a oom binatio:. of virii>U4 construction', none of thom original, but producing together a projectile of a sufficiently distinctive churicter. It has the general form aud a.iioaranco of the Enfield rifl* bullot, with ita hollow baie and baked clay r>lug; it has theoannelnros whioh originally charnolerised tho Temisier and tho Minio bulleU and the wood plug in the head ts whioh Mr. M.tft»rd and Mr Whitworth may both lay eomo claim. Tbe cartridge ls perfectly impervious to moisture ; it is safo, not liable to lead or foul; It admits of about fonrteen rounds being, fired in» minute ; and it shoots frvni twenty to twanly-Qva por cent.-butter than th« s.rïiee Enfield ummunitlon,-Pall-Mull Gusctto. Tho Geelong Advertiser says:-"Tho first consign mont (f smoked kangaroo hums from Mr. Nifiuockor'» shooting party waa recoived a few days ago by thoir agi nt, Mr. M. I'.urke, produce merohatit, Moorabool atreet, who retails tl.o Btr.okcd hams nt Od. per lb., and the green nt tho low. price ot' 3J. por lb. Wo havo tasted one of thesmokod, and have found it very palat- able, " in fact, a nico ohango from beef and mutton, and mutton and beef. It had been" bolled just lito un ordinary" ' liam, nud roluiucd a slight fl ivonr of tho smoking, which, added to its rollah. '1 he mont was not stringy, hs wo had been led to bolieve it would be, and posáoste i ubaut tho name coiisitU-noy ai corned beef ; it was. howovor. ratltor. darker ¡a colour. Mr. Niffucckor, in opening up this new industry, hus conforrod a benefit upon hi» follow- colonlstt. especially on tho poorer olossos, whom ho thus enables to prccuro a substantial meal at a very small on'luy. Ho recommends that the following, system in cooking should be adopted, although we differ from him in ono irspoot, and that, is the uso of tho gridiron inlisu of thc frying-pan. Cut tho smoked hom into slices, willoh iteop in bolling water for say five, minutes, and then fry thom. - Tho green hams, lie stutos.aro most pnlataole whou boiled." FKKUN Moos or MAXIMO COLLECTIONS.- Tho Pittsburg Despatch gives the following account of the. way ia which collections' wore managed at the recent Fonlan meotin^B in that city:-"The Fenians havo Introduced a novel method uf roplonishing thoir treasury.. Thoy (,et the audionco oxolted, und thon coax, and beg, aud urgo tip in them to subioribe to t bo eau.o of Ireland.. Henr the apoaker beg for Erin : - 'Mon who will savo iii Ireland, no want money. Wo shall free oar dent old land it'you only do jour duty. Who will Bubsoribefr (A newsboy 'approaches with a five dollar gi eenbaok. and band« It to the speaker.) God bless th* boy, hat has done Well. What lady will subscribe for tho indo pondsnoe uf hor native laud? Ten dollars from Mrs Muiphy. God bluaH you, Mrs. Murphy, rany .iou livo long and die o tay. The money is now odd; who wants to have it said ho helped.lo free Ireland ? Give us your greenbacks, and posterity will bloss you. May your shadow grow larger, Patrick O'Brien, and your pooket bojk grow, fatter. Lad os nnd gentlemen, Air. Patrick O'Brien gives us twenty dollars.' (Oheors ) This is tho way tra*, nearly three hundred dollars wero wrung out of our Jri»h poop'o , by'the blarney of tho lisper patrio.a last night.' 