Daridits. j&&6Vh'er Disooveiy.-*-Tbe. other day a crowd 'was assembled around a drunken man lying at full length in the street. They resorted to every known means to arouse him ; they rubbed hie ears, then his hands, and shook him violently, but all to no avail, for John A'hiskey had got. too strong a hold on him. -Presently , .a boy came along who was selling 'fcrewers' yeasti, which lie carried in a pail. 'What's the matter ?' queried the hopeful: ' can't you get him up ? Well, I can. If this yeast won't raise him, he's a goner, for it'll raise anything that ever grew.' Accordingly, he poured about half a pint down the man's neck, and sure enough, to tbe^surprise *of all,: it raised him instantly, and hecwent on'his . way,growingtaller every-minute — American Paper, Impromptus. — One day, as Dr. Young-wag walking in Ins garden at Welwyn, in ooigfsany with two ladies (one of whom he afterwards married) the servant came to acquaint him that a gentleman wished to speak with -him 'TeB him,' said the doctor, ' I -vain too happily - engaged to-^hangemy -situation.' The. ladies insisted he should go, as his visitor was a man of xauk, his patron, and his friend. But, as persuasion had no effect, one took him by the rightarm, the other by the left, and led him to thegatfden gate; when, Ending resistanse in vain, he bowed, laid his hand upon his heart, and in that expressive manner for which he was so remarkable, spoke the following ' Thus Adasm looked when from the garden ? driven, And thus disputed oi-ders sent from heaven, lake him I. go, but yet to gaTm loth; ; lake him I go, for angels drove us both, ?' ! Hard was his fate, but mine still more un- 1 kind ; His Eve went with him, but; mine stays I behind.'' Lady Beaumont asked Coleridge whether he believed in ghosts? 'Oh, no, my lady,' he replied; 'I've seen too many to believe in them !' Theodore Hook, about to propose asaember, of the Phcen x Dlub, inquiredwhentheymet ? ' Every Saturday evening daring the winter,' was the answer. ' Evening ? Oh, then,' said he, ' I shall never, make a phcenix, for I can't rise from the fire.' Trish Johnstone, the comedian, was known to be rather parsimonious. On one of his professional visits to Dublin, he billeted him self {as wag hiswont) upon all the acquain tances in town, 'Meeting Curran afterwards in London, and. -talking of his great expenses, he asked the ex-Master of the Bolls wbn* fco supposed he spent in the Irish capital daring his last trip. ' I don't know,' replied Curran ; hut profcatly afortnight I One morning a pompous little man called upon Sydney Smith, saying that being about to compile a history of distinguished families in Somersetshire, he had called to obtain the Smith arms. 'I regret, sir,' said the reverend wit,? 'not to be able to contribute to so valuable a work; but the Smiths never naa amy arms, ana nave mvariably sealed their letters with their thumbs.' A gentleman having discharged his coach* man for overtuKning him in his carriage, on his road home from a -dinner party, the ™aT^ craved pardon on the following moniing, acknowledged his fault, and excusing himself thus: 'I had.oertainly drunk too *uuch, sir,' said he, ''but 1 was not very drunk; and gentlemen, you know, sometimes get drunk.' ' His waster replied, *'1 don't say you were very - drunk for a gentleman, but you were too i drunk for a coachman. So go about, your business.' Sir Fletcher Norton (afterwards Lord Grantley) was noted ' for his want of courtesy. When pleading before Lord Mansfield on some question of memorial right, he chanced im fortunately-togay, 'Mylosrd,! can illustrate the point in an instant, in my own person; 1 myself have too Kttle manors— * ''We all i»ow it, Sir Fletcher,' interposed the judge, with a bland smile. _ The law eourfc? of Dublinare soclose to the river that formerly, before the present, -iuay was, constructed, the. water in high tide sometimes made its way into the principal : halL Upon one occasion, when the subfcer *aaew cellars were inundated, the barristers' wigVand gowns, which were usually stowed th-3^ wejse. f ound afest, Curran was engaged an «rst- aknse*r and the court was impa ? tartly awiutmghK appeareujoe. In his haste, ^ wfe that drif ted within reach, and entered the courtdripping likeit of t&Q; judges, ' how did you leave your friends commgon below?' ' Swimmingly, my lord' was his answer. .. ? ? 