A VALENTINE. Wh«t shall I send my sweet to-day, When all the woods attune to lore, And I would show the lark and dure That I can lore as well as they t I'D send a locket full of hair— But, no; forttmlgbtchancetolie ' Near to her heart, and I should die Or love's sweet envy to be there. A violet is meet to give — Yet, stay; she'd touch it with her Dps; And after such complete eclipse, Bow could my soul consent to live 1 I'll send a kiss, since that will be The quickest cent, the lightest borne; And well I know to-morrow morn She'll send another back to mc. Go. happy winds ! Ah, do not rtay, * Enamoured of my lady's cheek f Bui hasten home, and I'll bespeak Like services another day. — Selection. It is told of a naval officer, that, relating his feats to a marshal, he declared that in a sea-fight he had killed 300 men with hie own band. 'And I,' said the marshal, 44 descended through a chimney, in Switzerland, to visit a pretty girl.' 44 How could that be,' said the captaiD, 44 since there are no chimneys in that country T' 44 What, sir !' caid the marshal ; 44 1 have allowed you to kill 300 men in a fight, and surely yon may permit me to descend a chimney in Switzerland.' Dr. Wolcot, better known as Peter Pindar, having called upon a books* Her in Paternoster Row,tomake some inquiries about his own works, he was asked to take a glass ef wine. The doctor consented to accept a little ni-gus, as an innocent morning beverage, which was presented to him in a cocoa-aut goblet, with the face of a man carved on it. 44 Eh! eh!' said Peter, 'what have we here?' 44A man's skull,' replied the publisher; 'a poet's, for aught I know.' 44 Nothing more likely, ' rejoined the facetious doctor, 4* for it is very well known that all booksellers drink their wine from our skulls !' One of the patients of the celebrated Dr. George Cbeyne, of Bath, was the equally celebrated Beau Nash, who on being asked cme day by tbe doctor if he had followed his last prescription, replied in the negative, adding, 'If I had, Doctor, I should cer tainly have broken my neck, for I threw it ont of a two-pair -of» stairs window.' When a young roan, the celebrated wit. Dr. John Arbuthnot,' attempted to settle a e a physician at Dorchester, a town remark able for its healthy riruatioD, and, therefore, enpropitioue to the profitable practice of physic. On quitting it, a friend met him riding post to London. ' Where are you going, Arbuthnot!1* asked his friend. 44 To leave your confounded place (was the reply], for a man can neither Gre nor die there.' Bishop Blomfield, when presiding over the diocese of London, bad occasion to call the attention of his clergy to the necessity of residing in their parishes. He bad bis eye particularly on the Essi x incumbents, many of whom had licenses of non- residence on account of the alleged unheal thiness of the district, and left their duties to be performed by curates. On some less formal occasion* he reminded the clergy that curates were after all, of the tamp flesh and bkvod as rectors, and that the residence which was possible for the one, could not be quite impossible for the other* 44 Betides,' added he, 44 there are two wellknown preservatives against ague : the one is, a good deal of care and a little port wine; Hie other, a little care and a good deal of port wine. / prefer the former ; but if anv of the clergy prefer the latter, it is at all evFtits a remedy which incumbents can afford better than curates.' A 'Welsh curate, whose abilities where known to be of a very ordinary kind, was in the habit of preaching sermons of a superior character, but the style and language of which no one could identify as those of any- clerical celebrity. Being asked for aa explanation, the curate replied, 44 1 have a volume of sermons by one Archhii-hop Tillotsou, which I translate into Welsh, and after wards retranslate into English, after which the Archbishop himself would not know his own compositions.' Sheridan was once staying at the house of an elderly maidnS lady in the country, who wanted more of his company thaw he was willing to give. Proposing one day to take a stroll with bmiy he excused himself on account of the badness of the weather. Shortly afterwards ehe met him sneaking out alone. 44 So, Mr. Sheridan (said she}, it has cleared up.' 44 Just a little, ma'am—* enough for one, but not enough for two.' An Irish servant who had spent five hours in driving a car ten miles, accounted for the lntenc-ss pf bis arrival at his tnas er's house, by saying the roads were so slippery that, for every step the horae took forwards, it slid ftro steps backwards. The man's master, being himself an Irishman, was satisfied with the excuse* A polemical writer asked a friend'6 opinion of a pamphlet which he had just published. 'It has only one fault,' replied his friend, 44 it is much too long.' 'That is easily accounted for,' rejoined the author; 'J bad not time to make it shorter.' Once a gentleman, who had the marvellous gift of shaping a great many things out of orange-peel, was displaying Ins abilities at a dinner party before Theodore Hook and Mr. Thomas *niif and succeeding in counterfeiting a pig, to the admiration of the company. Mr. Hill tried the same feat; and, after destroying end strewing the table with the peel of a doxen. oranges, gave it up, with the exclamation, 44 Hang the pig ! I can't make him.1* 44 Nay, Hill,' exclaimed Hook, glancing at the mess on the table, 44vou have done more; instead of one pig, you have Ir-n^° a litter.' Seme one remarked to Mre. Siddons, that applause was necessary to actors, as it gave than confidence. 14 More,' replied the actress ; 44 it gives us breath.' A physician attending a lady several times, received a couple of guineas on each visit; at last, when he was going away, she gave him bnt one: at this he was surprised, and looking oh the floor, as if in search of something, she asked what he was looking for, 44 1 believe, madam,' said he, 44 1 have dropped a guinea.' 44 No sir,' replied the lady, 44 it is I have dropped it.' An Insh soldier, passing through a meadow near Cork, & large mastiff ran at him, and hestabboi the dog with & spear he had in his band. The master of the dog brought him before the magistrate, who asked him why he had not rather struck the dog with the but-end of his weapon. 44 So, I should,' said the soldier, 44 if he bad run at me with his taiL' In Bannister's time, a farce was performed under the title of 41 Fire and water,' 44 1 predict its fate,' said he. 44 What fate !'* whispered the anxious author at his side. 44 What fate I' said Bannister ; 44 why, what can fire and water produce bnt a hiss !' Though an habitual valetudinarian, Hotiere relied almost entirely on his diet for the re-establishment of his health* 44 What use do you make of our physician!' said the king to Mm one day. 44 We chat together, sire,' said the poet. 44 He gives me his prescriptions ; I never follow them ; and so I get well.' A certain Irish, attorney threatened to prosecute a Dublin printer for inserting the death of a living person. The menacer concluded with the remark, 44 That no printer should publish a death unless informed of the fact by the party deceased FhCTjdan was very desirous that his son Tom should marry a young woman of large fortune, but knew that Miss Calender had won sis son's hettt. One day he requested Tom to walk with, him, and soon entered on the subject of his marriage, and pointed out to him in glowing colours the advantages of so brilliant an Tom listened with the utmost patience* and then descanted on the perfections of the woman who prorad the pride and 6olace of hie declining years. Sheridan grew warn* and expatiating on the folly of bis sou, at length 'Tom, if yon marry Caroline C&Uender;, PUcut you off with* shilling.' Tom could not resist the opportunity of replying ; and looking archly at his father, said, 'Then, sir, you must borrow it!' A barrister, attempting to brow-beat a female witness, told her ehe bad brass enough to make a saucepan. Tbe woman retorted, 44 And you have sauce enough to fill it,' Parson once laid a wager that he could make a rhyme to anvthing : it was proposed that he should make a trial of the Latin gerund in cum, when, after reflecting for a moment, he 41 When Dido's love to Dido would not come, She mo urn' d in silence, and was di-do-dum (b).' Sir Boyle Roche, the droll of the Irish bar, sent an amusingly equivocal invitation to an Irish nobleman of his acquaintance l 44 1 hope, my lord, if eve* you come within a mile of my house, that you'll stay there all nujht .' When he was suffering from an attack of gout, he thus rebuked his shoemaker : 44 Oh ! you're a precious blockhead to do directly the reverse of what I desired you. I told you to make one of the shoes larger than the other, and inrte&d; of that you have made one of them smaller than the ether!' bheridan was once asked by a gentleman: (t How is it that your name hasnot an O prefixed to it ! Tour family te Irish, and no doubt illustrious ! ' 44 No family,' replied Sheridan, 44 has a better right to an O than our family ; for, in truth, we owe everybody.' quid, upon first going to Bath, found he was charged most exorbitantly for everything ; and, at the end of a week, complain** ed to Bean Nash, who had invited him thither as the cheapest place in England for & man of taste and a 6ort-rirai»l. The master of the ceremonies, who loved his joke, replied, 44 They have acted by yon on truly Christian principles.' 'How so P* said Quia. 44 Why,' resumed Nash, 44 you were a stranger, and they took you in.' 'Ay,' rejoined Quin, 44 but they hare fleeced mc instead of clothing me!' On one occasion a lad, while at home for the holidays, com* plained to his mother that a school-fellow who slept with him took up half the bed. 44 And whv not ! ' said the mother ; ' he's entitled to half, isn't be!' 44 Yes, mother,' rejoined hereon; 44 but how would you like him to take ont all the soft for his half t He will hare his naif out of the middle, and I have to sleep both tides of him t ' The following story is told: 44 1 say, Cap'n!' cried & little keen-eyed man, as he landed from a steamer at Natchez, 44 1 say, Cap'n, these here aren't ell. I've left fiomethin1 on board, that's a fact.' 'Them's all the plunder you brought on toird, anyhow,' answered the captain. 44 WaJ, I see now ; I grant it's O.K. accordin' to list : four boxes, three chests, two bandboxes, and pertmantr ; two bams, one part-cut, three ropes of inyens, and a tea-ketue. But see, Cap'm I'm dubersome ; I feel there's somethin* short, tho' I've counted urn nine times over, and never took my eyes off um while on board ; there's somethin' notright, somehow.' 44 Wal, stranger, time's up ; thems all I knows on; so just fetch your wife and five children out of the cabin, cos Pnx off.' 44 Thems um I Dam it, thems um! I know*d I'd forgot somethin* I' Irish Johnstone, the comedian, was known to he rather par* simonious. On one of his professional visits to Dublin, be billeted himself (as was his wont) upon all his acquaintance in town. Meeting Curran afterwards in London, and talking of his great expenses, he asked the ex-Master of the Bolls what be supposed he spent in the Irish capital daring his last trip. 44 X don'tknow,' replied Curran ; 44 but probably a fortnight.' Lady Beaumont asked Coleridge whether he oeiieveain ghosts! 41 Ob, no, my lady,' he replied, 44 I've seen too many to believe in them!' flMte A merchant of New York being asked to define the meaning of experimental and natural philosophy, said he considered tho fret to be, asking a man to discount a hill at a long date, and th» second his refusing to do it. 