RAYWOOD. (FBOU oun OWN COBIIESPONDBSX ) Saturday, 11th August. Aii accident occurred to-day to two brothers named Frayne. They were working with a man named Peake in an open cutting, when, in consequence of the heavy rainfall, the embank ment gave way, and they .were buried beneath. Peuke' used every endeavor, with success, to extricate them immediately from their perilous position, and at once resorted to the aid ol a chemist for his advice, who advised the removal of one of them to the Bendigo Hospital. We were visited on Saturday by two very suspicious strangers, who were recognised by some of the inhabitants of Haywood as characters not at all to be trusted out of sight, and no doubt were connected with that gang who have been so justly turned up last week in Sandhurst. I was glad to see that the police were on the watch for them. • Many people were anxious about their movements. I am glad to write they quietly decamped. I was shown on Saturday some splendid nuggets, procured from Mr Draper's puddling mnchine. There were about four ounces of them. Mr Draper deserres to get such gold, as he is at a great outlay, having at his own expense several puddling machines working. The race for .Hr Mart's reservoir was completed on Saturday by the miners, and now only wails for Mr Hart to commence the dam. Tub English Mails.—The 1311 or a had not arrived in the bay when the last train left Mel bourne last night, but was expected to reach it at eight o'clock. Bendigo Hospital,—The collector of the Hos pital acknowledges the receipt of two guineas from Court Pride of the Forest, in aid of the funds of the above institution. Shakspekian Night's Entkrtaimments.—We see by advertisement that Mr G. S. Hough will give the fourth of the series of readings from Shakspere on Friday night. The tragedy of " Julius Offisar " has beeu selected for the read ing. The entertainment will conclude with the comic sketch of " Mr and Mrs Caudle." During tbe evening Mrs Fatherly will perform on the harmonium. A Miraculous Escape.—On Sunday afternoon a little girl named Louisa Stringer, eleven years of age, was returning with her brother, about seven years of age, from the Church of England Sabbath School, Englehawk, to her reside/ice in Jackass Flat, and on crossing the Agntw lleef, opposite the Police Station, she in a frisky mood ran up a heap of mulloch round »n old shaft, but when on the top the loose clay close by the edge gave way aud she fell down the shaft—a perpen dicular one for eighty feet, and then rolled down on the underlie of the reef thirty feet further. Her brother hearing her cry and seeing her dis appear screamed with all his might, and soon attracted the attention of the police and other persons residing in the neighborhood, who hurried over, and a rope beint: obtained two miners were lowered to the underlie, down which one of them went and fouud the girl lying insensible and pale as a ghost, with the reticule, in which were her Sabbath school hooks, grasped tightly in her hand. She was brought to the surface, and her face and hands laved with water. It was thought she was dead ; but after a while consciousness returned, and the first words she uttered were " Oh, my mother; my mother. She'll wonder what's keep ing me out." Tbe only injuries she appeared to have received were a sc>>!p wound on the back of the head and a slight abrasion on the right temple. IIow she escaped being killed is a wonder ; probably a quantity of soft earth lying on the top of the underlie on which she first fell acted like a cushion, breaking the force of the fall and saving her life. The little girl was sent home, and was met by her parents, who had in the meantime been informed of the occurrence, and who were overjoyed to see her alive and very little the worse for the accident. 