THE WAR IN GERMANY." (From the Daily Telegraph Special Correspon dent tvith the Prussian Army.) Reichenberg, Junp 2-1. — At last we have enter ed Bohemia. As far as the eye can reach it sees only columns advancing and sweeping fiast. On crossing the borders and defiling before Priuce Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never-ending acclamations and snatches of song, " Icli bin ein Preusse;'' "Oh du Deutsch- land, ich muss marschiren." " Hinaus in die feme mit lautem hornerklang," and so forth. The strophe " Der freilieits hauch geht machtig durch die welt " is still ringing in my ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial specracle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply-defined outline against the clear sunny sky. The Prince Bow spurs from column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans with the help of the telescope and the map the range of country before us. The Prince's head-quarters, are for the time being — probably only for a day — at Schloss Hur- fenstein, the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for us ; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the present time, a t31am Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Heertroramel " — drums of the re giment— because they were only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondrecourt com mands under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on on eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camp ing round the fires towers a horrible statue — that . of St. Nepumuck. Artillery, baggage trains, 'cavalry, infantry, repose in marching order, partly ill the streets and partly in the open places. -Arras, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up, in long rows. In spite of the enormous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots were heard at a distance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bringing in our first prisoners, two Radetsky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear- cut features and a dork defiant expression. While . the prisoners are being led to the rear to head quarters, and the skirmish of horse is going on iii the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast J and now the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between wliiles flashes of lightning and; claps of thunder. The troops are lying Under the canopy of heaven, and —in the mud ! Every fire is extinguished never theless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are heard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of the Neisse, aud the crash of 'the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau 'to Reicheriberg, alarms were constantly sounded — what for, T aril unable to say. To-day, too, the troops have beon repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy — a vuin hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without buulting,;Benedek, with the main army, will throw himself Upon the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront us in order to divert our attack ou the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Reiehen- 'berg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The -35th and "'60th (the Zouaves of the army) — the 24th and '64th (the victors at Alscn), in spite of their diminutive figures — strike the beholder wherever 'they go by their brisk, hold, and martial appear-, ance. One may see with half au eye that they have already slnelt powder. Aud how the ' splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough tussel with an enemy -superior in numbers ! The ' Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the lithe, supple Branderiburgers. One gives these heavy, ' broad-shh'uldered fellows credit— even before ''proof — for being men to be relied on to the death. We know : for certain that they too, like their forefathers in the 'War of Liberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must 'be tremendous, I should say irresistible; but whether, like' the Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their dfficers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prussians are also a 'fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never 'fly. Reichenberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, 'behind which the presence o"f the enemy is sus pected. The grand range Of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, now 'mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the bills lie the famous battle-fields of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The appearance of the distant hills grows more threatening. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the moun tain tops, shrouding them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What awaits us there ? I. shall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement wLich will herald in the first great battle. Both parties cluim the victory." It is curi- ous to observe with what vehemence the North and South German organs alike persist in assert ing, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gain ed respectively by the Prussians and the Aus- trians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and tele grams, forging documents, &c.; ; whilst the Prus sian and the Austrian armies are severally repre sented by the . organs of their opponents as not much better than a gang of murderers and robbers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing the several statements, aud waiting for confirmation of one sided. assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. According to the Neue Franklurter Zeitung, the Prussians have been beaten back, not in one, but in three different places in Bohemia and Ga- lacia, and the. result of these victories is compared to that of three simultaneous decisive defeats suffered by Napoleon in 1813, which led up to the decisive battle of Leipzig. The Saxon army is said to have behaved with great bravery in these last encounters, and it is expected that the Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Corps will also soon show what the German army can do against the Sonderbundler. The paper even goes so far as to advise the King of Prussia to follow the example of Charles Albert after the battle of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the country, so as to enable it to obtain a more favourable -peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still :gregter sacrifices for the restoration of the Bund.. However, the qualifying remark is added, that' this is only a wish, the fulfillment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official Norddeutschc Allcgcrmcine Zeitung has the following:—" The opponents of Prussia are attempting to disseminate through ihs foreign press the invention that Prussia intends annexing Hanover and Electoral Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia has for many weeks made untiring exertions to bring about the establishment of a German Parliament, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the for mation of a new Bund in no way interferes with the independence of the German States." Tho same paper talks, however, in nnotlier article of the Hanoverian Government of King George and his Minister as tho " former Hanoverian Govern ment," which expression is repeated several times, and looks rather ominous. The Bavarian Go vernment have vainly tried to obtain a loan in Paris and elsewhere, and it is now stated that the National Bank of Austria has come to the rescue with a considerable advance in ready cash, which was probably lying idle in the coffers, as no more specie payments are made by the bank. The terms are understood to be anything but easy. . In the Grand Duchy of Badt'fi, which was last in deciding upon mobilisation, and joining the the Austro-Federals, they are now making up for the lost time, and arming with, all possible speed. The troops will join the 8tli Federal Army Corps, under Prince Alexander of Hesse. A letter from Baden in the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung warns against the danger of allowing the ultramontane party to deliver up the country altogether to to Austria, which would be as bad as getting into the hands of the " Great Prussian " party. The writer winds up with " God save us from both, and give Germany the victory." The Elector or Hesse Cassel, who is " stay ing" at Stettin-, has-the privilege of removing to Konigsbttrg if, on account of the cholera und other reasons, Ire should desire to do so. The Castle of Stettin-, where he resides, was formerly the residence of the Dukes of Pomerania, the last of whom was Boguslaw XIV., who died in 1637. It has before been used as a kind of State prison. The Governments still represented at Frankfort "have determined that the Government of Electoral Hesse is to be carried on in the name of the Elector by a commissioner. The Federal troops are to act in conjunction with the army of Field-Marshal Benedek according to a joint plan of operations. It is said that all the Austro- Federal troops are to wear the badge with the German colours. The Duke of Coburg about six or eight weeks ago took the precaution of soiling his large family property, Greinburg, in Upper Austria, to his cousin, Duke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gotlia have agreed to the proposal for a union with Prussia, and declared that the German Con federation is to be considered as dissolved. They have' also voted the credit demanded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing and to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubeck has agreed to the Prussian proposals for the formation of a new German Confederation, and promised that its contingent shall in no way be used ogaiast Prussia. The Senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the proposal, but declined placing its contin gent at the disposal of Prussia. Bremen leaves its contingent in connection with the Oldenburg army. Brunswick wishes to remain neutral. The Federal contingents of the Prussian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Landwehr of. the se'eoad ban and part of the reserve, are to be formed into two new reserve corps of the Prussian army. In some organs of the German Press it has been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace had been made by Austria at Berlin through special confiJental agents. According to these rumours Prussia was to have all Ilohenzollern and part of former Austria, possessions now divided between Baden, Wurtemburg, and Ba varia. On the other hand it is stated that Herr von Sydow, formerly Prussian representative at the German Diet, has, during the last few days, been twice called to the King of Prussia, and it is asserted that an important mission to the EmperoV of Austria was to be confided to him. He did not accept it. Herr von Sydow is reported to be in fovour of the maintenance of the Con federation. Some of the guns and war mateiiel taken at Stade have already arrived at Flensburg in Schleswig.' The Holstein 'VerordnUngshlatl contains an official notification that young men liable to the conscriptiou cannot obtain the usual permits to leave the country and stay abroad except under the special authority of the OberpraBident. The Hanoverian army that surrendered to the Prus sians consisted of 18 battalions of infantry aud a battalion of chasseurs, 1 Haubilz-battery, 2 batteries of 12-pounders, and 3 batteries of 4 pounders, 6 regiments of cavalry, hussars, cuirassiers, and dragoons. An Austrian officer of high rank is said "to have been in command. The following offical report has been received in Berne from tho head-quarters of Colonel von Salis> at Santa Maria, on the Valteline frontier : " Santa Maria, June -26. " information arrived here states that the 4th canonuiere in tho Stelvio Pass is occupied by three companies of' Austrian Kuiserjagers. A force of from 1500 to 2000 ca7alry and artillery are a little distance in tho rear. The thunder of cannon was heard this morniDg at Santa Maria, Munster-, and Taafers. Bavarian troops are ex pected at Mais. "Zernek, June 27. — "The Austrian troops that had occupied the first cantonniere in the Stelvio and the Alte Bad at Bormio have established themselves in tho latter position, whiletho Italians retreated to Tirano, not receiving the expected reinforcements. Iu consequence of the Austrian advances into the Yalteliue, the Swiss forces upon the frontier have beesincreased, aud measures have been taken to obtain immediate information of whatever may occur." ' 