THE CASE; OF BERNSTEIN. FO TUB HTlITO*. Bir-ine wilier or ine leader In your issue of to day has (entirely misstated the facts of this case at they concern ourselves. In AutruRt last. Itametain tiaim, ?-«.-! i — »t— ? D. & W. Murra7 to prevent the attachment of hk ?,ood$i.i ? 5!#nout consulting any creditor, de :lared himself insolvent Shortly after seeing the noiiw of this we were waited upon by Mr. T. H, Allen, who proposed tq purchase our claim on Bernstein. His ntat«| object was. to obtain far a Mrs. Hu«sey. Bernstein5* rv!h^!»fScl£'thnlffid- ? 8ew)ng-machine, then in the hands qi the Official Assignee, as a means of Ereiie^.i5inplo?menLt.for her- an«to collect tho book-debt, speedily himself. He hsf armed as thai te was in treaty with Messrs. Mutiny and Gooch to purchase their claim alao, giving us clearly to understand that they and ounelveg were the only creditors. After some delay we sold him our claim of £75 for a, sura of £20 and hfo promissory notes for £30, passing a sale-nole to him in the usual way. A few days after Allen brought into our office a.Pnntedfprro, which he stated vu required by the Official Assignee before giving up the assets, which we hurriedly signed. This we now learn ias been used as a petition foi annulling tha insolvency. / The matter wa» clearly one of bartw without conditions between Allen and ourselves. We arejSir, &c;, SKKLTOtf, CARTKB, & CO. Adelaide. January R, I860. [We gladly publish Messrs. Skelton, Carter, and Co.'s explanation, with the exception of ona sentence, which does not bear upon the question at issue, and which might render us liable to an action for libel. We think, however, that Messrs. Skelton, Carter, & Co. have failed to show in what respect the facts are 'misstated' in our leader ot yesterday.— Eo.l Louis Napoleon and Mb. Hosa-When spirit-rapping became fashionable, it found a pro tectress in the Countess Eugenie de Montijo. Even at that early date she had an eye on Louis Napoleon, and took every opportunity of confirm ing herself in her lover'b favour, she won over the red-haired ghost-seer, Home, and induced him to perform a hocuspocus before the President which could not fall in its effect, owing to hia fatalistic tendencies. Louis Napoleon once sent for Home, and a*ked him whether he could evoke the spirit of the Emperor? Home set his instru ment in motion, and soon said that tbe Kmperor'a spirit was ready to answer. Louis Aapoleon invited it to tell him something about his future. Home twirled the psychcograph, und tho duo sent forth letters out of which Home composed the two words ' Je monte.' This had been Louis Napoleon's motto in earlier years. But the psy chograph produced two additional lett«rs- an *'i' andan 'o.' This apparently was nonsense: for 'montio' had no meaning. Louis Napolfto* however, arranged the letters in his way, and they nroduced the word 'Montijo'-and that via the Smofhli lady-love. The fatalist had suMctent matter for reflection, and felt more attached tftan ever to Eugenie ', for it seemed to him as omen that her family name contained his motto of Jo monte.'-iVfll-ofeort tht Third and Au Qmrl. Woman's Wit.— 'Do let roe have your carte de vtsite,'* said a dashing belle to a gentleman who had been annoying her with his attention!. Of course the Rentleman was delighteAtliinking ho had made an imprenslon on the lady s heart, anq in a Bhort time the picture was nent. She rav« it to the servant, with the uui'stinn. )»ould Jiim know the original, if he nhoui'i rain riiQEerv&nfc; replied io tbe aSiniiRUvrc. ' Well, when heconi88w tt'Jl liim lamented'.' It is not pencraliy known Ur.it Louis Napoleon, on meeting Hudson Lowe, the fiioier of St. Helena, gave him a douim! hctiwluppirig.— KapolWR tht Thin' e;;t? hi? Cvwt. 