LITERATURE. CARL MARIA VON WEBER, from the German of BARON MAX VON WEBER; by J. PAL- GRAVE SIMPSON (London: Chapman and Hail. 1865). Next week we hope to find the Adelaide public enjoying heartily tbe Grand Opera, which is '"far to exceed any previous effort." From highwaymen to 'La Fille du Regi-. ment," and from money at 12½ per cent, to ' La Sonnambula,' is a change that ought to be appreciated anywhere. To promote as far as possible this amiable state of mind, we propose to throw out a few explanatory hints on operatic literature, or rather operatic biography. The book which appears most suitable- to introduce such a subject is a life of the eminent composer, von Weber (tbe author of4* Der Freischutz") which appeared in London some months ago. Weber, though by no means the greatest artist Germany has produced— for his name must be placed after Beethoven's and Mozart's —is in some respects the best representative of the musical geuius of Germany. Though epigrams generally are apt to strain the truth in condensing it, this of our biographer it both correct and happy in its application. "Beethoven in his 'Symphonies' had represented the German soul in all its depths. Goethe in his 'Faust' had incorporated its intellectual spirit. Weber in his ' Der Freischutz' sang forth its heart.' Without distinctly aiming at a national or patriotic muse, Weber had the good fortune to be accepted as such by his fellow-countrymen. He was made the champion of the German against the Italian school, ' and the first appearance of each of his later operas wag hailed almost as a national (Tent. Much of this honour Weber owed to his mobility of character, which enabled him to throw himself heartily, jet not unreflectingly, into every great current of public feeling. His short life) of struggle and suffering was cast in an eventful epoch. Born on the eve of the French Revolution, while still a child he com- menced his wanderings over the length and breadth of Europe, and everywhere the drama of the revolutionary were spread itself out before him. From tho Prince's Court to the peasant's cottage, all were thrown into confu- sion, and young Weber, in kicking about like a ball of fortune, had to rub shoulders with all of them by turns. The book before us pre- sents one of the most complete pictures that could be given of German society in its moat historical- volcanic or Napoleonic period. Close on eighty years ago a hairbrained but otherwise gifted musical euthusiast at Cutin, near Hamburg had a son born to him who was destined to develop the family enthusiasm and the family talent to a world- wide celebrity. The father was originally from Upper Austria, where his ancestors had been vons of the purest blood, with a considerable amount of property to support it. To say that they had in them an hereditary vein of music would but faintly convey the truth. They had not ouly a passion, but a mania lor music and dramatic art in general,' which, though pleasant enough at the time, was ruinous in its ultimate consequence*. Between the etago and the Thirty Years' War they lost all their property, and having done so the transition from landless squires to travelling actors was neither very slow nor very great. Franz Anton, tho father of the composer, was in early life a dashing young offlcer and a popular opera singer by turns. As be advanced in years his dramatic taste acquired exclusive control over him. Though he had married very respectably, and received a good fortune by his wife, yet he oould not keep off the stag'. Time, money, talent, and all he had was squandered before the footlights— all went to feed his pasaion for music and popular applause. When used up himself be turned to his children to obtain through them the glory he had been unable to reach. His paternal feelings were poisoned by the inveterate mania; he would be the father of a musical prodigy like Mozart— who by the way had married a niece of his— and the erratic education of his sons was directed exclusively to this end. His wife died brokenhearted at his recklessness and extravagance. Still he did not relinquish his strange claim on posterity. At the ripe age of fifity he married a young girl of sixteen —a Viennese, who in due time (it was on a cold wintry night in 1786, and in a poverty stiicken cottage at Cutin aforesaid) bore him a child— a sickly boy, whom the vain-glorious father had christened Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst, after his patron Duke Friederich August of Schleswig-Holstein. The poor young mother did not relish a play-actor's life any more than her predecessor had done. The fatigues and privations and disappointments it entailed crushed her in the bloom of her womanhood. She died in 1798 before her boy had reached ' his twelfth year. llcnceforwurd Carl's life was to be a con tinual cultivation of muBic under diUlcuUies. First came thu learning of it under a series of naBter.', who had to bo sought out from one ? end of Germany to the other, and when found were as diverse in style as an ago of diversity and chaos could make them. Then followed the hard practice of it in theatres, at concerts, at Courts, and wherever a florin oould be earned ; the daily struggle for bread and for a friendly recognition ot the divine gift within him; both difficult objects to obtain from a harassed impoverished public. Last of all, when he had secured himself againkt famine, came the great struggle for fame— the endeavour to please not only one audiouce, but a world— to BatUfy not only tho passing moment, but the vast uncertain futuie. In all these ?tuges ol his life Weber was familiar with toil bud sorrow and disappointment. The music which has given so much pleasure lo mankind, was wrung froih his heart with many a pang, and the rendering of it when created cost him many another pang, Every particle of hit strength and of hi* happiness he surrendered lo his profession, and when Ubad got from him everything— his 'Lyre and Sword,' his 'Jubileo Cantata,' 'Der Frouchula,' 'Euryautke' and 'Oberon'— the worn-out artist passed away unseen iu tho itillncsi of night under tho roof of a stranger, and hundreds of miles from the bosom of hia family, which bis laat desire on earth bad been to sue onoe more. Physically speaking, ho had lived but half of his natural life, for he was under forty when he died. Few inatanocB of such self-dcnyiug conscientious devotion to art are recorded in history. Weber was, on the whole, fortunate with his teacher*, though none of them were rvally eminent men— Vulcsi, at Munich, and Abl6 Vogler, at Vienna, having been tbe most notable of them in their own generation. In his 11th year he first courted publio attention as a composer, but as a player he had already acquired some reputation, even iu moh towns as Erfurt, Goths, and Leipsie. His first opera waB produced in his 13th year— 'A grand romantic comic opera,' according to the play, bill, with a name to match, 'The Dumb Girl of the Fortst' In October, 1800, it was repreaented at Chemnitz, in Saxony, with decided succcs*, and afterwards at Frei berg the famous mining town, with a le*s flittering result, His next attempt was a butfj operetta, « Peter 8chmoll and his Neigh boure,' which, as tho critics assured him, showed very considerable progress; but the Augsburg public, who had the first hearing of it in 1803, seem to hare been unapprectatire. Chagrined at the slights put by fortune 01 r his young prodigy, Franz Anton started fo. Vienna to have u trah Uial on a larger stage Vienna was then the chosen home of tbe Fine Arts, musio in particular. It had been honoured by the presence of Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, and a host of minor luminaries who else whero would have ranked in the first class. Here Weber enjoyed the tuition of Able Vogler, got by degrees into good society, soon learned to imitate its manners both bad and good, and in short, began to sow his wild oats. Btfore long an opening occurred for him to the regular exercise of bis profession. At the recommendation of the Abbe' he was appointed conductor of the opera at JBreslau, a town of some importance in Silesia, whose proximity to the Auetro- Prussian frontier may bring it into notice again one of these days should war really break out. Weber had not passed through any of the subordinate grades of orchestral duty, and this combined with bis extreme youth— ho was only 18— secured for him a yery jealous reception from his future colleagues. Conscious of his power, he pro ceeded to exercise his office regardless of all personal drawback*, difficulties, and dangers. This firumees ultimately won over many to his side, and provoked others to open enmity against him. Life ended' with him as it here began— many warm friends on tbe one side, aud bitter enemies on the other. Tho talent for organization he dis played, and the energy of his habits, enabled him greatly to elevate the character of the opera; but his innovations appear to have been too sweeping— neither the temper of the company nor the funds of the direction oould itand them. Ectrenchment was imperatively demanded 5 and, in fact, it was needed quite as much in the artiet'B own private affairs, for he had all thu while been sowing his wild oats freely. Like most men of genius, he allowed tbe Gordian knot to tighten around him until there teemed no hope of escape, and then he cut. it by seeding in his reBignation. Thus ended his first professional engagement. From the worry and tnmult of Bn-elau he took refuge for a time at Carleruhe, the Silesiajj eoafiby-eeat of Prince Eugen Eriedrich of Wurtemborg, an enlightened, amiable man, as princes gty who imitated Mscenas to the best of bit ability. This period of arcadian bliss was suddenly terminated in the autumn of 1806 by the Duke receiving an order to join his regiment in the field. He had a brother in Stuttgart, the Wur temburgian capital, who wanted a private secretary, not so much to manage his property u to assist him in getting credit and to shield him from an increasing army of creditors. This impecunious Prince— Ludwig Friedrich by name — had been a notorious personage in his time— unsuccessful candidate for the throne of Poland, and unlucky hunter of various other brilliant shadows. Now that all wss over he had returned to the paternal Court of Stuttgart, where he lived a most riotons life, and left to the public or his rojal brother the honour of paying his score. The royal brother himielf— King Friedrich— was quite of a feather, as far as rioting went, bat, being king, he was less troubled with Cnancial conse quences. He had been one of the favourite generals of Frederick the Great, and now that Bis shadow-hunting was also finished he fell back on sensuality of the most outrageous kind. The Court of Stuttgart in 1807, when Weber joined it, was a characteristic relic of the pre-revolution age. Majesty had got so fat that a semicircular hole had to be cut in its dining-Uble to enable it to feed comfortably. Majesty was so jealous of its subjects' loyalty that if any one dared to pass its palace with head covered, even in the wildest weather, the sentinels had orders to knock oil* the offending hat and confiscate it. Court morality was eopied and improved upon by ail daises. Vice itself wss not only reduced to system, but the vicioui were organized into Clubs to facilitate the practice of it ; one of these Clubs— the young noblemen's— having the appropriate name of 'Faun's Ride to Hell. Weber's nature was ewentiilly sound and healthy, or it could never hare escaped from a moral slough like this. Aa it was, it suffered serious contamination ; the wild oats of Stuttgart being as much wilder than those of .Breslau as the Breilau oats had been wilder than those of Vienna. Even in this sul phurous and stormy atmosphere tie continued to cultivate his genius, producing among a series of occasional pieces a new opera — his 'Sylvana.' It was an elaboration of hid first one— 'The Dumb Girl of the Forest' — but so fully matured that for several yean— in fact, almost till the advent of 'DerFreischuijr' — it was the mainstay of his reputation. Weber's departure from Stutt gart forms a painful passage in his history. 'Jhe old father, Fraijz Anton, now verging towards dotage, had misapplied some money of the Duke's that had fallen into his hands. The unfortunate son's efforts to repair the mischief made it worse, and in the end they were both disgraced and banished from the kingdom. The only extenuation that can be offered for Weber is that his judged had led him into the sin fox which they judged him, and were them selves far greater aiiiuer* than he. But the chaugo itself was a blessing, however unfor tunate the circumstances. Warned by his disgrace, the artist here finished his wild oats sowing, and henceforth devoted himself ear nestly to big noble- art. The exiles turned their faces northward to tha Hheingnu, and found their haven of refuge at Manheim, where the musical traditions of Carl TheouVs Court still lingered. Weber soon raised up for himself a boat of friends here and in the neighbouring towns — Heidel- berg and Darmstadt. With their assistance he got up concerts, ' the results of which were ?Iw*ys more flattering than profitable; but one Way or another he contrived to earn an honeat livelihood, however humble. Hearing that his old master, Abbe Vogler, hud joined the Court of Darmttatlt, he removed thither and renewed his studies Among his new pupils Vogler had one who was destined to do him as much credit as the brilliant von Weber, lhid was Jacob Meyerbeer, tho son oi i rich banker in Berlin, ihouyh as yet hardly sixteen jears of age, hia execution on the piano was marvellous, and he had pub lished some minor composition!!, including the M Sacred Songs of Ktopstock,' whieu «ere far above mediocrity. It was in this year 1810 that (he idea of hb 'Der Fivisoliu z' first occurred to Weber. He and his friend von Duai.li were lounging one summer evening in the drawing-room of the Still iNeuburg at Heidelberg, wheu an old book, ' A?d'a Ghost Storii s,' Mi into their hands. They tiiinuietl it over listlessly till they came to a story entitled 'Der Freiechutz'1. A gluncc at its contents caused Weber to exclnui, ' What ? splecdid subject for an optrj.' The book Was carried off to Manheim, a:-d a libretto sketched out which was to be wiitten by . von Duscli. But that honour was destined for another, and the sketch bad to wait eeven year* till it was filled up and rrady for the great artiit's hand. Meauwhilc Wtber busied bimgelf with the composition of ' Abu Hassan,' si sparkling orieutal piece, the lion- 1 to of which bad been written ft.r him by an old Stuttgart friend, Hiemer. In the autumn of 1810 he had the pleasure of seeing hb 'Sylvana' put on the stage at Franktort, wheu the part of the dumb girl vu taken by Carolii.e Brandt, his future wife. It was an uuquest Enable success aa far as apjlausc went, though the pecuniary results bamly reached the moderate limit of 100 floriri3. Iu the beginning of 1311 Weber got diiguated with Durmstudt— ' this leathern old town,' as he called it — and he set out again into the world as a wandering minstrel. His Rheingau friends were the wannest and truest he ever had, and how he felt towards them he showed in hia exquisite' song ' The Artisl'i Farewell,' which he extemporized ou the piano the night before his departure. Like a true ball of fortune Weber now gravitated eastward again to where he hud commenced hia professional career. His route is traceable by the concerts he gave, most of them eucccesful, especially towards the dote of the series. In this way he passed through Giessen, Aschaffenburg, Wutzburg, Batnberg, Erlaogen, and Nuremberg, halting at Munich, where, on the 10th June, his 'Abu Hassan' firtt saw the footlights. Notwithstanding a false alarm of lire raised in the middle of it, it gave immense pleasure to the music-loving, sensuous Blunicbers. With purse replenished the artist set off at a tangent into Switzerland, and spent several happj months mountain climbing in the Obrrland, or giving concerts in the principal towns he passed through. Starting from Munich on a fresh tour he weat through Bohemia and East Germany, ending at ?Weimar, where he met Goethe, who strange to say treated him wi'h haughty resme. The poet, however much beloved the drama, loved it only after his own fashion, which was the stiff classical. Music he had but little affinity for, especially popular music, and Weber, es an exponent oi the latter, could never obtain more tlian bare civility from hm in return fur the most ardent admiration. This u Marring' ex pedition terminated at Berlin in 1812. The artist was specially anxious to try his fortune jh the northern capital, which, under Frederick the Great asd hia successors, had been trained to such a degree of musical taste as to rival tbe older reputation of Munich and Vienna. Moreover, there was an essential difference between the two tastes— that of the North was ^ critical and philosophic; of the South sensuous and ethereal; the one aimed at a national school of music ; while the other was content to go on blindly worshipping the Italian school. Weber attached vital importance to bis reception at Berlin, and the event proved that he bad augured wisely. One of the great struggles of his life commenced here — ngainBt ♦h* Italian influence which bad taken nosces sion of Germany. Everywhere else it ap peared invulnerable j here it was declining beneath the strong pressure of a latent national feelirg. The inherent antagonism between his genius and that of Italy first broke out in / Berlin, and in the struggle which ensued he unconsciously identified himself with the popular cause, or rather tbe people identified their came with hi?. The innumerable obstacles thrown in his way by the directors ot' the opera- who had no wish to allow such a rival to acquire % footing amongst them, had at last to yield to his determined perseverance, and his ' Sylvana' was presented to an enthusiastic audience. From that night the 'pert Suabian puppy,' as his rivals called him, was a favourite in Berlin. Soon afterwards lie bound himself irrevocably to the popular— the national— heart, by setting to mu»ie tho patriotic songs of Theodor Xorner. His u Lyre and Sword'* would have immortalized him in Prussia even had 'Der Freischut*' neYer been written. With his triumph at Berlin Weber's wan dering life was brought to a close. In the following year, 1813— the never-to-be-forgotten year of the Liberation War— he was appointed Musical Director to the Prague Theatre. His youth was no longer against him, for he was turned six-and-twenty, and there fore the higli qualities as conductor which be bad shown at Breslau eight years before bad now free scope. But the result was much tbe ? same. . His enthusiastic enterprise, while it gibed many firm friend*, made as msny enemies, and between the two there was a dubious array of rivals. The public did justice to his management by their plaudits ; but tho treasury did not respond to their notions of I suewss. In the end cf 1816 his Director, a liberal man named Liebich, died, and the op portunity was taken to insist- on retrenchment. Weber replied hi his old style by cutting the , Gordian knot. After a temporary residence at j Berlin he received an appointment at Dresden aa Royal Capell-Meister, and entered on his new duties in the spring of 1817. Hence forward till hia death he continued in tbe service cf the Saxon Court, and a very thankless dis agreeable service it must have been to such a man. To begin with, the old King, never very amiab'e, was smarting under the shame caused by the partition of his kingdom. In the next place the Court was a select stroDghold of the Italian school of music. The nobility, depen dent entirely on their Court connection, and afraid to think a thought or do an act which they had not learned from their ancestors, shrank in horror from an innovating spirit ; like Weber's. The latter had very few frieuds m high life, and the materials from which he had to form his staff were primitive in the ex treme. Vexations, disappointments, and in sults came to him as regularly as hw daily bread, yet he persevered in conferring on his persecutors a blessing which they could not appreciate, although their pos' terity have learned to do it. Tourists who visit the Dresden Opera House now are proudly reminded by the Dresden public that it is Weber's own monument which he reared for himself. Yes, a monument truly— the walls, the scenery, the magnificent music of which are tinged with the life's blood of the great composer. He poured out his noble gifts on Saxony in the richest profusion, and Saxony broke his heart by preferring the empty brilliance of his Italian rival, Signor Morlaachi. 8axony was not all Germany, however, much less was it all the world. For the latter it may have been a blessing that King Friedrich August— euch was his for gotten share of the family nomenclature declined to have cantatas sung to him in his native language on his birthday. Weber may hive lost a few gold snuff- boxes and diamond rings by it, but he gained time to compose his greatest operas. The idea he had caught at Heidelberg from 'Apel'a Ghost Stories' was still strong in his mind. At Dresden he found a person competent to take the place of von Dusch in writing a libretto. It wa3 placed in his hsnds in the summer of 1817, and after getting it revised by Caroline Brandt— just on the eve of their marriage — be began tbe composition of the famous opera. It ii noted hero when and how each of the principal airs took shape in the artist's mind before being incorporated in the work— a psychological study of no common interest. His friend Count Bruhl having heard of it bespoke it for tbe opening piece for the Schauspielhaus then being erected at Berlin. But tbe Italian influence had revived, and was too Btrong again to permit such an honour to be enjoyed by a 'barbarian.' On the 18th May, 1820, the anniversary of tbe Battle of Belle-Alliance, the long-expected opera was produced to a house filled to suffo cation with students, men of science, artists, and the intelligent class of citizens— but hardly a single official or member of the Court party. The contest it involved between Weber and Spoptini, tho royal favourite— between the National and the Italian Schools — reminded the Volks-heer of their own Liberation War eight years before. And the issue was equally glorious ; the whole audience — friends and enemies alike— were thrown into raptures of enjoyment. Within a few months the open had been reproduced at every leading theatre in Europe, from St. Petersburg to London, and its airs were re-echoed at every street-corner. Weber's triumph was complete, and the classical critics had to admit that after all there was such a thing as popular music. Forthwith he was besieged with^ requests for new opera?. Barbaja wrote from Vienna; various theatre managers wrote from Paris; and Charles Kemble, then lessee of Covent Garden, put hi a word for the honour of Eng land. Weber entered first into negotiation with Vienna, and knowing well the taste of the Viennese, he resolved to show them thst he could compose classical music, too, if he pleased. He was not, however, destined to be so fortunate in thU line; not that he was unfit for it, for ' Euryanthe' is allowed to be in some respects a splendid opera ; but circum stances wero against him. In an evil hour ho employed an old 'bluestocking' in Dresden to write a libretto for him — and such a libretto ! It would have been hooted out of a book -of surgery tales. Then ho- found a very inferior company in Vienna, the only star in it being Henrietta Sontag. Kossiui, who had just pre ceded him, had the advantage of one of tho most magnificent companies ever eeon on a stage, llow could 'barbarians' and 'ama- teurs' compete with such a combination aa Lablache, David, and Dotiizelli, with Madame Foder and the composer's own wife, Colbran Rossini? Weber's opera was received with applause enough ; but its success was short lived. A favourable first hearing wag all that tver could be obtained for it in any theatre. Yet Weber and many of his friends conaidered it his greatest opera. In fact, the public taste and hU own ran so completely counter that he grew to hate the name of 'Der Freiachulz.' The artist, already brought near to death's door by his vexations and exertions, was to have one more great triumph before his Bun set for ever. This was at London in the opera of ' Oberon,' written for Charles Kcmble to the libretto of Planet e. He went over in the early spring of 182G, hardly expecting ever to return ; but come what might, he felt impelled to it for the sake of the family he was soon to leave poor and fatherlea?. Hitherto he had been able to save little until his own and his father's debts were paid off, which he did to the last farthing. Afterwards he lost a considerable sum through the failure of a Bank in Praeue. At fortv he found himself with a broken constitution, and but little provision made for the future. The last actin hidlife drama was almost heroic — from love to do what love most revolted from. But tbe trial was not quite so bard as he had feared. The reception he met with in London touched him to the heart. No student lungs in Fatherland strong as they are — had ever given him bucIi a greeting as did plebeittn London. Even at Berlin he had never met with kinder friends in private life. 8aving the aristocracy, whom t.c had little intercourse with, and that not of a very gratifying kind, he was delighted with all he saw in England. But the work he had to undergo was enormous— rehearsals, concerts, eight-seeirg, and finally the production of 'Oberon.' It was ready in April, and then came ? the last of the three great events in Weber's life. Tho Covent Garden audience received ' Oberon' witli wild and irceisant acclamation, and at the close the favourite artist had to appear before the curtain — the first occurrence of the kind in England. Weber's mistisa was nearly accomplished now, and there was bope for him that he might live to see Dresden once more; but it was uot to be. On the morning after the representation of ' Oberon' his servant took in some medicine to him, but, instead of taking it as u*ual, he said, 'Go! Go! no doctoPs tinkering can help me now. Tbe machine is shattered. But, ah! may God in Ilia mercy grant that it may hold together till I cau embrace my Lina and my boys once more.' But though evidently dying on his feet, he still persisted in his labours — no longer for himself but for the professional friendB who had won his love, and who deemed his presence at their benefits a high honour. On the evening of the 3rd June he was last seen in life. Next mornin?, when his. servant went to call him, he .was found with his head rested on his left hand as if in tranquil deep— but it was the sleep of death. Thus in tho house of 8ir George Smart, and among people he had never Been till a few weeks before, the ereat national musician of Germany breathed his last. In 1844 his remains were conveyed to Dresden and buried in the family vault — buried amid tbe touching strains of a funeral march he bad himself composed in his early youth at Breslau. Five years ago a statue by Bietschel was erected to him near the theatre which he bad identified with bis name ; but it is still the theatre that is his best monument, next to his own immortal music. 