HOW MAD MARTIN CAUGHT HEIRESS. THE It was nine o'clock, p.m., on New Years* day, and Mr. Flanagan),'* of her Majesty^. Customs, was knocking lie ashes out of the fourth pipe he had smoked that evening, as he sat at his lodgings in Blakeney-street,. Pentonville, reading the latest details of the war then going, on-in .the Crimea, when he heard the familiar rattle of a latch-key in the street door, and immediately afterwards Mr. Cassidy, of the Post-office, entered the room, and deposited his umbrella in a corner. " Well,'"« said the latter gej|leinaD, who chummed with Flanagan, " whUff'a Martin ? "Not one of me knows," replied his friend, emphatically. " How would I ? Sure you know what he is !'* "ThatI do. But he wouldn't write for me to take a room if he didn't mean to come." " Oh, he meant it, small doubt of that. But it wasn't for nothing they called him Mad Martin. Why Roaring Mick's ablesBed saint to him. Maybe, he hasn't quitted Gal. way yet; maybe, he's on the road j and maybe, he's in London at this- moment; but whereever he is, I hold ye, he's in a scrape at this present speaking " And, it must be confessed, the character borne by Hugh Martin was such as to afford some grounds for the inference thus drawn from his non- appearance. Of all the reckless rollicking roysterers that ever breathed the air of Galway, report set him down as by far the most illustrious. The Martins of Bailykuock had once been a family of great wealth and importance, but a course of prodigal extravagance, steadily persevered in by successive generations, bad ended by sending their extensive but heavily mortgaged possessions iato the Encumbered Estates Court, there to be parcelled out among thriftier owners. This change, which bad occurred during the boyhood of our Martin, had broken his father's heart, and the old man died, leaving his widow and only son his blessing, together with Ballyknock House, and about fifty acres of land immediately surrounding that venerable mansion, which remnant of his ancient property he had succeeded in preserving from alienation. Fortunately, the widow proved tote a woman of sound good sense and energy, who, instead of desponding, bravely faced her troubles, and ably managing b'er slender resources, by dint of careful economy not onlf maintained herself in moderate •eomfort, but contrived to give her son a good education, a thing happily obtainable at small east in ireland. She might, indeed, hare enjoyed as near an approach to perfect .contentment as is consistent with mortality, but for this son, who, idolised and spoiled at home—he was her only one, so she must be excused—soon gave evident signs of having inherited the temperament of his paternal ancestors. A worthy scion of such a race, Hugh, popularly known as Mad Martin, had, loDg before he attained manhood, acquired an established reputation as the leader of all the fun and mischief in the neighborhood."' He was an affectionate son, too, but though ho listened respectfully to his mother's loving remonstrances, his penitence, temporary as it was undoubtedly sincere, vanished before the impulse the next opportunity for a frolic communicated to his thoughtless and excitable disposition. _ Careless as he was, he nevertheless, recognised the necessity of choosing a career, and was vacillating in his selection of a profession svhen the commencement of the war with Russia quickened the circulation of all the young blood in the United Kingdom, and caused him to decide on adopting that of arms. Some old friends of the family had sufficient influence to procure him a commission in the militia, from which he hoped to even' tually exchange into the line, and he held the rank of lieutenant when his regiment was ordered on garrison duty to a large manufacturing town in the north of England, which for the purposes of this history shall be known as Bigchestor. Hugh, who had never crossed the sea, was anxious to spend a few days in the metropolis, and finding that by preceding the rank and file he might pass a fortnight in London, obtained leave of absence for that time, and wrote to Cassidy to obtain him quarters. It was in the evening of the day following that on which his letter stated he would arrive that the already reported dialogue between Messrs, Flanagan and Cassidy took place, and the former bitd scarcely given utterance to his not improbable but decidedly uncharitable deduction, when all further speculation on the subject was rendered unnecessary by a vigorous and effective performance on the knocker, executed, as it turned out, by the band of Martin himself, who was at that moment standing on the door-step. " There he is, by the hookey!" shouted Cassidy ; and starting up, with one boot off he. rushed into the passage just as the door opened. " How are ye, my boy; and whit kept ye ?' he cried, as he pulled liis visitor into the parlor, without ceasing to shake his hand. The light of tho lamp, falling on the new comcr, revealed a tall, handsome young fellow, about twenty-five years of age, with a frank,' good-humored expression of countenance. Ji also discovered certain appearances favoring the Flanagan theory, in the shape of a battered bat, and soiled and torn habiliments. " And where did you get that elegant black eye ?" exclaimed Flanagan. ''Divil a know I know. I hadn't it yesterday when I got here at four o'clock." " 'Deed, but it's a beautiful eye, any way," said Cassidy, admiringly. " So you came yesterday, and what did you do till now." ' " Oh! I knew you'd not be home till evening, so I just took a stroll." * " But the black eye ?" cried Flanagan. "And where did you sleep?" inquired Cassidy. "Wait till I tell you. I was just coming to it. As I was saying, I took a stroll. Then I thought I'd like a taste of punch, as it was New Year's-eve, d'ye see; and at the first place I tried it wasn't good; so I strolled on and tried another, and kept on trying till I came to a shop where tli6y sold fair whiskey. Then I had a glass or two ; and then I think, some blackguard said something to me, but I don't rightly remember what was the matter till this morning, when I found myself staying at an hotel, where they keep the doors locked, and the waiters wear blue coats; and an old fellow made me pay two pounds for my night'B lodging, though I hadn't the ghost of a bed, nd couldn't gee so much as a drop of warm water." "Och! you're the same daccnt boy that u h c c t ever you were, although you did put on the Saxon's livery," "was Flanagan's comment on thi* recitaL* > • "Why, the Martin'^ were always loyal. The Saxon*^ livery 1 Hear him now! Man, but it's fine for a strong Repealer that's turned guager, and takess the. Saxon's pay, to say-the like of that," retorted Martin, in answer to this .all 11sion to his profession. " And small blame to- me for the same," replied Flanagan. " Sure it's the only way I have to get revenge for the wrongs of my country." " What! Taking the Saxon's pay." "Just that; and," he added, impressively, "doing as little as ever I can for it." Having thus, to his own satisfaction, vindicated his character from the implied charge of political apostacy, Flanagan busied himself in the composition of a jorum of punch, while he turned the conversation by asking for the latest news from Ballyknock; and this opened the way to so much interesting information that a considerable quantity of punch was imbibed before^ at a late hour, Cassidy led his friend to the bed he had provided for him. On making a furtjiefcacquaintanee with tho capital, Hugh Martin pronounced it" a great place with a power of large about it," and, notwithstanding the inauspicious mode in which his visit was inaugurated, was graciously pleased to signify that, on the whole, he was rather disposed to favor London with his approval. He also succeeded in passing the remainder of his fortnight without extending his practical knowledge of the forms of procedure in the metropolitan police-courts ; but in sueh a fashion that, on leaving to join bis regiment, he was compelled to borrow the money for his railway fare from Cassidy, who, in his turn borrowed it from his landlady. ' 2?he circumstance of his possessing only a few shillings when he left the train at Bigcbester gave him no uneasiness. Until his pay became available, could he not borrow obtain credit, and trust to the chapter of accidents? This last seemed to the sanguine Hugh to be a perfectly reliable source of an mdelinite amount of wealth. Like most improvident men, he had a won derful faith in Providence, and would not have hesitated to borrow largely on his " lu 0k " if he could have inspired a lender with his own confidence in the security. So he took a cheerful view of things, and for the next three months made himself very jolly indeed, until Nemesis appeared, in the shape of sundry debts, which, although their total represented no great sum, sufficed to place himin an embarrassing npsition. . His creditors were pressing—so pressing, indeed, that Hugh thought he had better try to obtain leave of absence again, in order that he might escape threatened unpleasant proceedings while ie endeavored to raise the cash reguired to liquidate their claims. Without any very well defined idea of where this cash was to come from, he had nearly resolved on adopting this course, when, as he was walking homeward from morning parade, he was overtaken by Major Demny, one of his brother officers. " Looking after the heiress, eh, Martin ? said the Major, slily. "No; what heiress?" responded Hugh innocently enough, but, even while he spoke, becoming aware that, in his abstraction, his eyes, probably from the mere habit of seekin" the most pleasant object within the scope of their vision to rest upon, were following the graceful figure of a young lady a little distance "Oh! but you did that well 1 Do you mean to say you don't know you're looking at the greatest catch in the couiitv ?" " Upon my conscience, I don't know the lady." '' T jj e worse for you, then. Why she's Bliss Goldsworth ! It's said she has refused two lords already, and won't marry under a duke .; so now you know your chance, if you think of trying your luck. " And why wouldn't I try my luck," mused Hugh, when the major had left him : and so musing, he quickened his steps until he was enabled to catch a glimpse of tho lady's face. That decided him. " Bedad ! I will try it," said he. This resolution once formed, he lost no precious time in those formalities ordinary mortals would have considered indispensable m such a case. Of what use his native impudence, if it did not enable him to dispense with tedious preliminaries? "Besides I mightn't get an introduction tor six months, and I must know what I'm about at once," he reasoned; and straightway he set about conducting the siege on his own peculiar principles; carrying the outer works by assault by placing himself directly in Miss Go dsworth's path, and following up the attack by opening fire on the citadel after this fashion— _ Madam, I thiuk I ought <0 have the happiness of your acquaintance." Surprised and slightly confused, the lady for a moment surveyed tho martial figure before her in silence; while Hugh, with his sword tucked under his left arm, and a smile, at once bold, deprecatory, and insinuating, on his countenance, stood awaiting her answer, in an attitude of almost reverential attention. At length, after a pause that only added to her embarrasment, she said " I am not aware, sir, that I ever had the pleasure of meeting you." " You are unfortunately but too correct, madam, but this moment rectifies an error fate has hitherto made in that respect. When I said I ought to have the happiness of your acquaintance, I meant also, that I would do my utmost to obtain it. I feel the groatness of my presumption in aspiring to so much distinction, but trust to the greatness of vour mercy for pardon." Miss Goldsworth's color deepened ; this time with displeasure, for drawing herself up somewhat haughtily, she coldly replied " You havo^my pardon, sir, for what I acknowledge I looknipon as a piece of intrusive rudeness, on condition that you do not aggravate your offence. Be kind enough to permit me to pass." And stepping forward with the air of a queen, she joined a florid, buxom, middle-aged lady, who now approached, and whose hand she seized, exclaiming in a slightly tremulous voice— "Oh! mamma, dear, I'm so glad you've come." Tho words caught Martin's ear, and that nabashed individual forthwith transferred is addresses to the new comer, whom ho acosted with a cool and easy, but deferential onfidence. "May I bo bold enough, madam, to beg he favor of a few words with you ?" s t m t d r t I s a " Certamly, sir, ijyou wish it," responded tho good.n||ured matron; " but unless* your businesssbe very urgent, I shall be obliged if yoa can conveniently defer it until to-morrow morning, when I shall be at home at eleven&jclock.; -" I shall do myself the honor of waiting on you." And with a lov bow, Hugh went on his way. -.•••• The next morning, punctual to the moment,' he knocked at Mrs. O-oldswoEth'd door as the appointed hour was striking, and, on bein" shown into the lady's presence, with characteristio impetuosity, went straight to the point. " Mrs. Goldsworth," said he, in a tone of calm and well-bred assurance, " I have called, to ask a great favor." He paused, and she said, politely— " I shall have great pleasure, sir, in doing anything in my power to serve you." ; ' This civility on the part of the old lady relieved Hugh from the apprehension lie had entertained that the young one would have represented his conduct of the preceding day in a very unfavorable light to her mother; and that she had not done so appeared to him to argue well for the future. " Your kindness, madam, robs my task of much of its difficulty. It is, however, of so delicate a nature that " _ Here the rogue hesitated, with an affectation of diffidence, which his hearer, not knowing him, possibly believed in, for she smiled encouragingly. Apparently reassured, he continued— " The fact is, Mrs. Goldsworth, I have been so much impressed with your daughter's extreme loveliness, that I am here to beseech you to grant mo a place on your visiting list, with permission to use the privilege for the purpose of endeavoring to win her affections, in order that, should I be so fortunate as to succeed, I may some day have the honor of asking a still greater boon, and soliciting her hand in marriage." During Hugh's calm, unfaltering delivery of this refreshing little speech, the smile had been chased away from Mrs. Goldsworth's face by a look of wonder, which, in turn, gave way to as severe an expression as her jolly features were capable of assuming. " Considering that you are a perfect stranger, of whose position lam entirely ignoraut, yours js a most extraordinary proposal, sir," she said, austerely. " My dear madam, it is extraordinary, and just for that reason I address myself to you in the first instance. I knew I would require to be leniently judged, and the sighfcjMaad "of. your amiable countenance yesterday led mef to hope you would not be too severe; otherwise, I ought,"to have made my appeal to Mr, Goldsworth." " I am my daughter's only guardian. Mr Goldsworth has been dead several years." " A widow!" ejaculated Hugh, with a little start of surprise, which could not, however well be real, as lie had previously made Mm self aware of the fact, "A widow! Then maybe, it's as well I saw the daughter first.' This was said as if to- himself, but quite loudly enough for the widow to hear. It was said, too, with that happy audacity which enables its lucky possessor to say anything. Such impertinence would have ruined another man; but Hugh had therare faculty of being able to do with impunity allSsorts of things that would infallibly entailvery unpleasant consequences if attempted by any of his less gifted fellow-creatures. Mrs. Goldsworth must have felt this, for she certainly betrayed no anger. On the contrary, the irresistibly comic manner nf his stage-aside had, do what she would, the effect of relaxing the muscles of a face at all times more suited to smiles than frowns. _ " As to position," continued her ingenious visitor, feigning to recover his presence of mind, " there's no better blood in Ireland than that of the Martins, so I may fairly claim to be a gentleman, though I confess—and I'd scorn to conceal it—many a shopkeeper has a better famished pocket. In fact," he added, in a charming access of candor. " I don't think I've a shilling in the world I can justly call my own. To be sure there's Ballyknock; but I'll never touch its revenues while my mother lives, and I sincerely hope she may enjoy them for many a long year to come ; then; though I have great expectations from another source, I'd like them to be realised without saying much about them. Still, even at present, I have an honorable profession; friends not without influence to push my interests at head-quarters; and, since I saw your daughter, such an incentive to exertion that it shall go hard but I will soon achieve sufficient sue' cess to warrant what, I am painfully aware, must nowappear a most ambitious pretension." Had Mrs. Goldsworth known the exact value of the income derivable from Ballyknock —had she been aware that the most reliable of the friends influential to " push his interests at head- quarters " was the parish priest, who had a cousin in the War-office—and could she, by any stretch of imagination, have surmised that the " great expectations from another source," to which he had alluded, consisted in the prospect of his possible alliance with her own family, the consequences might have been fatal to our hero's project. As it was, *she was amused at his apparent artlessne'ss, while permitting herself to be moved by his real earnestness, aud replied " I am happy to say my daughter need not make wealth a primary consideration in her choice of a husband, but really your proposition takes me so much by surprise that, although I admire the frankness you have displayed, and do full justice to the propriety of your conduct in addressing yourself to me, yet I must beg you to excuse " " Staj-, madam!" cried Hugh, pathetically. " Do not allow the manner of my request to jrej udice your judgment. Do not impale my lappiness upon a point of etiquette. Colonel O'Brien, will, I am sure, vouch for the goodness of my descent and reputation. I love your daughter, and only ask for euoh an opportunity of urging my suit as any mere adventurer or - paltry fortune-hunter, might, without avowing his object, obtain through a formal introduction, which he could procure by putting into practice the arts known to people." This contemptuous mention of fortune-hunters was, under all the circumstances, a agnificently bold stroke ; but-, are we not that " fortune favors the bold ?" • She id so in this instance, for Mrs, Goldsworth esponded— " Well! well! we shall see. I will think he matter over. In the meantime, I suppose must let you call again. But inind," and he shook her finger at him " for tho present, t all irmtB, 30a must come a? my yiytor." d Clever old shepherdess, to let the wolf into the fold, on condition that he should noflook at the lamb -until she gave him leave. . Of course, Hugh expressed his lively, sense oftjfche kiudneBiffpitb wbicb be had : been received—a kindness which, in fact/^Bnied a warm acknowledgment—but he did'sjjjfin a perfect self-restrained and becoming manner, not ^lowing his gratitude to hurry him into anySndignified demonstration of delight; ana it was not until he reached the solitary privacy of his own lodgings that he gave free vent to his exultation. Then, indeed, he extended his limbs on the lodging-house sofa, whereof the chiotz cover made a wonder and a mystery, with more than ordinary complacency; then he lighted the .tobacco of triumph, and, while the curling smoke ascending in blue wreaths flungtd the air the fragrant odours of the soothing^weed, giving fancy the rein, suffered a naturally active and vividimagination to revel uncbecki d in conjuring up visions of bliss most people would have thought rather premature — dreams of adebtless, dimless, delicious future, in which the beautiful Miss Goldsworth took the guise of a good fairy, offering him, not only the raptures of growing love, and the calmer delights of wedded happiness, but other good gifts too numerous to mention — and, finally, finishing pipe and reverie together, started up with these memorable words— " Hugh, my jewel! you're the boy can do it." And be did it. Such potent virtue is these in consummate impudence and resolute- perseverance, thait, in spite of the disadvantages under which he labored at the beginning of the race, he carried off the prize from several other, and apparently, ^inuch more eligible competitors. But a few short months had elapsed before he again came up toLondoD, and, calling at Slakeney-street, repaid Cassidy the sum be had borrowed to defray the cost of his journey to Bigchester from a jewelled portemonnaie, which, with bank-note for five hundred pounds inside, to make it more acceptable, had, he playfully told his astonished friend, been presented to him by his motherin-law, within a few weeks of the first interview with that excellent lady. Nor was Hugh altogether unworthy of his good fortune. Although it must be conceded that the motives by which he was primarily led to seek the hand of Miss Goldsworth were not so free from mercenary taint as the majority of young ladies might deem desirable, it would, nevertheless, be unjust thenee to infer that the admiration and respect he accorded to her beauty and many estimable qualities, did not ripen into a warmer feeliDg; it may indeed, be safely assumed that if he wooed before he loved, he loved before he married, for it may be placed on record, to his credit, that he has never given her reason to repent her choice. And, after all, can a great heiress fairly expect perfectly disinterested affection ? She may hope for it but can she reasonably expect it P Scarcely. Money,"that key to so many enjoyments; she has already; but—let portionless'maidens take comfort" in the reflection that everyyeondition of life has its compensations, can she have a lover entirely uninfluenced by the golden eharm she carries about with her; and if she have, how shall she know him in the crowd? Decidedly, having in view the inevitably miserable results of marriage without love, the present Mrs. Martin may account herself especially fortunate in being a really happy wife. Hugh Martin Esq., no longer the "Mad Martin" of -former days, having abandoned the military profession, has long been squire and magistrate; has forsaken all the vanities of his youth, indulging in no excitement inore^jjernicious than that afforded by the hunting field, and the river, is now a respectable, useful member of society, "And by the powers 1" says Flanagan, who has recently returned from a visit to his old trony, "ifyou heard him lecture a ploughman for getting drunk, you'd swear he never tasted whiskey in his life. ErpLGBiTiojrs or TEE SIEEEAS.—Next spring and summer almost every square foot of ground on the tipper heights of the Sierra' Nevada mountains will be critically examined by the shrewdest and best informed prospectors to be found in any part of the world. From Oregon to Arixona they will search over every hill and scrutinise every ravine. The finding of rich gold-bearing veins in Excelsior, almost upon the summit of the mountains, has set the people to thinking. In early times prospecting parties traversed almost every part of the Sierras, even to the most elevated and craggy portions, but they were looking only for surfkee diggings—for placer mines. They expected to find their fortunes in the ravines or flats of the mountains, and paid but little attention to quartz veins. Although they saw plenty of quartz they paid little attention to it. Now, however, these old miners are beginning to remember the huge veins of quartz.they saw high up in the mountains^ and next spring and summer they will go in search of thorn. Whether or not they find the leads the^Bfes looking for, their explorations in the mountains will be pretty sure to result in tho finding of valuable mineral veins. Those who prospeet in the heavily timbered regions west of the summit of the Sierras need not pass by ore paying 10 to 15 dollars per ton, for with the facilities for reduction there to behad, ore paying no more than 15 dollars per ton will richly reward those who may work it. In the chapparral hills found in the southern countries of California, about the snow-line, are millions of acres of ground that have never been trodden by the foot of any white man, and these hills are many of them in what are known to be rich quartz ranges. Some wonderful discoveries are certain to be made next year on the western slope of tho Sierra Nevadas.—Virginia Enterprise. BEAU IN THE CLOUD.—" I have always been astonished," said Miss Smith, " at the anxiety of young ladies for beaux; but I never pitied a female more than when Miss Mountflathers left my school. Seeing her gazing toward the sky, I asked her what she was looking for. ' That beau,' said she, 'which is told of as being set in the cloud—I wish he'd come down." A MAN who had a scolding wife, being asked what he did for a living, replied that he kept a hot house. The worst kind of oil to have anything to with—twrm-oil, THE MOHMOITS.—A split among the^uarrelsome'Mornions is not a thing so unusual as to etcite special remark; bUt a reccnt occurrence of the kind seems to ba worthy of note. Joseph Smith, the son of the original Joseph, and aree»gni6ed high leaderin the polygamous community, has' become a oonyert to mono- !eftmy* andgnakes a dead set against the great BrighatrigYoung. Joseph quotes his father* and ihe»Book of Mormon to show that both inculcate the doctrine that one wife—at a time —and no concubines, is the teaching of these recognised heads of the cliurch. Joseph also makes a point rather indirectly against the loyalty of Brigbam Young, This is a weak point, we think, with Brigham; but now . that the rebellion is over, the matter is of lit* tie consequence.—New York Times. PJTEPAMITG FOE A FLOGGING.—A precious youth, in a family in this city, having incurred parental displeasure, was called upon late in the evening, told to go to bed, and.prepare for a flogging in the morning. Theinjunction disturbed his sleep, and ho resolved it in his mind while lying in his bed for some time. At last a happy thought struck him. Several rolls of leather were in the room, and as preparation was the word, he commenced. Taking his knife he went at them, until by tying strings around him he was fairly incased in leather armor. Skilfully dressing himself in the morning, he went down stairs, whence he was immediately conducted into the back yard to receive tho punishment awarded him. Taking off his coat and folding up his arms, the old gentleman commenced handling the rod. Surprised at the stoic indifference exhibited by the victim, he began to reflect upon the cause, when the singularity of the sounds attracted his attention. This led to a discovery ; tho old gentleman became greatly enraged, and inquired of him how be " dared to trifle with him in that manner ?" George's answer completely mollified him however, for said he, " I did not intend to trifle with, but obey you. You told me to go to bed and prepare myself for a flogging in the morning, and I did it to the best of my ability." After some wholesome advice, George was let off without further punishment.— Stockton Independent. TRUE EJTOUGH.—If it be true that" uneasy is the head that wears a crown," so is it equally true that uneasy is the head that wears a wig in a gale of wind. LUXUBF in feeding rests upon the vulgar,, idea that a good dinner must cost a great deal of money. The height of human lelicity with some people is to drink champagne. Wbyjkhave they so high an opinion of that particular wine? Because it costs more money, than ary otjftr, and is supposed to be an aristocratic beverage. But what is the enjoyment of these pampered feeders to that of the hmjgry farm-hand who sits down by the way-side to thumb a hunch oEJjread and cheese, ofapld meat? The activejgigour of that man's appetite is superior to all the sauces an the world. When may a lady be expected to make a great noise in the world?—When her dress is covered with bugles. " I'M sitting on the style, Mary," as the envious girl said, when she plumped down on her sister's new hat and feather. DUNDREAET says the only parting that troubled him, was the parting of his back hair. 