EXPLOSIVE COMPOUNDS. Tliere is evidently a fault somewhere amongst our colonial cliemiit?. The numerous accidents which have recently arisen in the use of chemical iusredients show that great jlame muat he somewhere. \V httlier it is the (nanufactuier, the dispenser, or the operator tvho is at fault is a question that ought to b» settled if poseible. It is not right that those whose whose business or tastes lead them to deal uith chemicals should be kept in con tinual suspense or fear of an explosion. The interest* of Bcience no Kss then the safety of life and property demand that the twin- ghosts of apprehension aEd ar.xicty ihould be laid. If thf ss accidents ore being occasioned by the cupidity of some adulterating nsanufacturer, the fact ought to be known aud the fraud ex posed, Jf they arise fron the carelessness of our city tradesmen, some means ought to be taken to Bave us as citizen* from ths conse quences of that carcle4?ne33. We live in an age of scientihc progress Philosophy and the useful arts arc both ad rancing hand in Land, Utility demands the Bo-operation of science ; science responds to the demands of utility. Each must be allowed to pursue its career unchecked. Far-seeing political economists give assistance to both. It behoves us therefore to see that no unfair im pediments are placed in their way, Prominent amongst the ingredients applied by science to the advancement of the useful arts is peroxide of manganese, a mineral once found in con siderable quantities iu Mangana in the West Jndies, from which its name is evidently deriyed. It is also found abundantly in other parts of the world, It is largely used in tho production of chlorine for bleaching purposes Chemists employ it for tbe manufacture of a disinfectant fluid called permanganate of potash. Iron manufacturer use it occasionally in the manufacture of steel, and glasamakera for purifying their glass. But it is chiefly for its value in the production of oxygen gas that manganese becomes an article of general use. This gas, as our readers know, is extensively used for experimental purposes by' lecturers and teachers of science ; and it is also em ployed in considerable quantities by scientific men, by managers of theatres, and conductors of public exhibjtfrms for the production of the brilliant exycalceum and o?yhydro»eu lights. So great has been the demand for tho materials necessary to produce exjgon during the past few years that their com mercial value has greatly increased. With this growing demand, however, a soured of davger has arisen. There are parasites in all forms of existence, and hpman existence is no exception. Men who fatten upon the spoils of robbery are every nhciB to be met with. But it a strange that fur purposes of miserable gain any one could be found to imperil human life by adulte rating fiv.'h a dangerous article as manganese, and it shows either gross ignorance or culpable indifference to coiisf quences in those who do it. The public journals have frequently to record accidents arising from these-- causes Men deal with chemicals on the assump tion that lliej' are pure a* they profesE to bej in which stafa with proper care and adequate knowledge they ara harmless. JJut when thpy are adulterated no caTe can com, ple'ely guard against the mischief they may pro rtime. Only a Caw months ogo » photographic artist in Manchester was mak-.ng ozjgen gas in the kitchen of his establishment, when an explosion took place attended by Tery serious eonpeguences. The shop front was blown out, the kitchen was a complete wreck; tbe man and his son were both tilled, and his wife fright fully injured. At the inquest it was- proved that the manganese had been adulterated with 25 per cent of soot or pounded charcoal. The soot in the act of burning jielded carburetted hydrogen, and this combining with the oxygen jielded by the potash formed the terribly iexpjosive compound called oxyhydrogen. The person who manufacture! the adulterated zn&ngtneM; wu traced by the authorities, and tot properly ooimitted. to tata bii trial for he mtmsUiug'iter of the unfortunate artist aid lis son. Within a few days of this calamity in Man shester/ a similar explosion, happily not itteaded with such fatal consequences, took place in our own city. Three photographio irtistf, Messrs. Freeman, Cornock, and Stone, srere engaged i& making oxygen on Mr. Free man's premises in Hindley-streer, when a loud report was heard, a cry of fire was raised, the ire-hell was rung, the engines were brought to the spot, and a general alarm was raised in the :ity. On investigating the cause of the sxplosion, it wu found that the gentlemen named had placed upon the fire a retort filled with gas-making materials. The retort was icarcely heated, when it exploded with a loud report. The room with its furnishing was ilmost entirely destroyed ; Mr. Freeman was seriously injured, and lost the sight of an eye ; and Mr. Cornock substquently experienced a long illnesf, brought on by inhaling the suffocating gases which the explosion produced. Ihe manganese in this case had been procured from a respectable chemist in Adelaide. A week or two ago Mr. Cornock, a little daunted, but not intimidated by hia previous experience, procured from the same chemist a second supply of manganese, with the usual proportion of chlorate of potaab. Having been duly assured of the purity of the mate rial?, he conmeuced, in conjunction with Mr. Dobip, of Gawler-place, a second gas-making esperimeut. As in the previous caae great care was taken in the adjustment of the appa ratus, but the firo had scarcely obtained access to tho retort when the whole thing again vio lently exploded, nearly destroying the promises* the operators having a narrow escapo with their lives. JSow the question arise?, what u this material which id thus placing the lives ufcd property of so many peoplo in jeopardy, and how comes it that the same persons, a fecond time and with due assurance of its purity, should sell such a dangerous com pound under the name of manganese? Is human life a thing of such ljjtle value that it can be trifled with in this way F Perhaps the matter may be satisfactorily explained, but some explanation is imperatively demanded. We kvow that an attempt to explain it ha3 been made by the Rev. Mr. Maughan. lliat gentleman commenced what we presume was intended to be a complete and eihaustVe examination of the naturo of this manganese, but he hardly fared better than those who had zone before him. He had gaue so far as to prove that the material was dangerously ex plosive when subjected to hear, aud was pro - ceeding, we believe, with all reasonable care mid foresight in his researches, when the material spontaneously exploded in his face, very seriously h jjiriiig him. This fact really opeus a new u3ptct of the subject. That manganese adulterated with soot ur coal and chlorate of potash would explode when sub jected lo r heat was what might be expected ; but that these subatences should spontaneously exulpde only on being carefully mixed tagcthpr( and without the application of heat, is what few chomiat8 would believe and fewer still could explain. We hive a right to ask if this substance wo3 adulterated manganese, or some more dangerous explosive when combined with chlorate of potash. This is a ci/iestion which, ought to be answered before scientific men in this colony can safely puraue their chemical experiment?. Qhey can go on in confidence wheu they know the material with whiob they have to deal, but all will be doubt and un certainly if substances sold under one name contain those which belong to another. Weaiegludto hear that Mr. Maughan is rapidly recovering from the effects of his accident, and we have no doubt that either ke or semp other competent chemist will soon be able to give a satisfactory explanation p,f this matter. 