ELECTORS OF WESTERN DOWNS. (Per favour of the Toowoomba Chronicle.) Electors have just been made aware that a new Writ has been issued for the return of a representative for the Western Downs in con- sequence of the acceptance of office of Mr. Watts as Minister for Lands in the new Her- bert-Raff Ministry. Two candidates are already in the field — Mr. Watts for re-election, and Mr. Douglas, late M.L.C. and Postmaster-Gene- ral. In the present very unsatisfactory state of the country, it behoves every Elector to cast aside all ties of friendship, and all obligations between landlords and tenants, and indeed every other tie and consideration that may step in between him and the representatives in question. In a free and honest discharge of his duty, in availing himself of the high trust reposed in him, he must first consider the antecedents of political life in both the hon. gentlemen now seeking his support. Mr. Watts, no doubt, enjoys a high reputation in social life, which his character has fairly earned. But it is not his social life or his wealth that Electors have to consider. It cannot be denied that he has a large interest at stake as a squatter, which he is personally interested in maintaining. Nor can it be questioned that his whole connections and nearest ties are largely influencing him in the present day and have been doing so for years past. Now, if the present members of the House are brought into review, it will be seen that the Squatters therein predominate largely, both in numbers and in wealth, and to a most dangerous extent : as the old adage has always proved true " that birds of a feather will flock together," so it is natural to presume they will in Parliament. The late opposition shown by them, tooth and nail, to the Macalister Land Bill demonstrates in the plainest possible degree what they would do if they could to prevent other classes of the community from enjoying the advantages of leased lands in agricultural areas. Mr. Watts and his clique, from one end of the country to the other, will hold on to their stations like grim death, and such poor common follows as Tom, Dick, and Harry will not have the ghost of a chance of obtaining the smallest foothold on the Crown Lands of the colony. Industry and intelligence may thus go on from year to year to give place to beef and mutton. The hundreds and thousands of unemployed will not be able to find a home for themselves and famishing families. They can neither settle upon the land permanently, nor find labour for their willing hands to do. It must moreover be borne in mind that Mr. Herbert and his colleagues, and their supporters, among whom, of course, is Mr. Watts, have threatened extra taxation. What taxation ? Is it likely they will tax wool, tallow, or hides, or the numerous luxuries they as a class enjoy ? If not, what can they tax ? Mr. Herbert's reply to this very question the other night was very unsatisfac- tory, and taken into account with his well- known leanings to the Squatters, it is all but certain that extra taxation must be wrung from the already famishing working classes. From what we know of the position of Mr. Douglas, we have every reason to believe him a gentleman of unblemished character, and that in purse he is quite as free from the temptations of office as Mr. Watts is. We know, moreover, that he is a well-tried man as a member of both Houses of Parliament, and also as a Minister, and far superior to Mr. Watts as a man of sound education. He is one of those liberal conservatives, of whom, if we had more, the House and the country would be all the better. He is by his published address clearly in favour of the Leasing clauses for agricultural areas, and he is opposed to the opinions of our meddling Governor on extra taxation of the people. It seems plain, there- fore, that Electors of the Western Downs have only to ask themselves which they will prefer, Mr. Watts and no land and extra taxation, or Mr. Douglass with the best possible chance of getting land on a free and easy tenure, and no extra taxation. Queensland more than any other colony has lately imported more valuable yeomen and farm labourers than any other from England, Ireland, Scotland, and also from Germany. It would be strange, indeed, then if they did not prefer Mr. Douglas to Mr. Watts, and it is to be hoped they will do so, and by uniting under the Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle, will return him triumphantly at the head of the poll. It is not a subject requiring logical deductions, or analytical discussion, but is one that every man of plain common sense can see into and clearly understand, must lead him to decide which he would rather have, Mr. Watts with no land and extra taxation, or Mr. Douglas with free homes and plenty of land, and no further taxation. S. Toowoomba, July 26, 1866. 