THE FUNERAL OF LORD PALMERSTON. IN compliance with the wishes of her Majesty, the remains of the late Lord Palmerston were deposited on Friday, October 27, in Westminster Abbey. An terrorise concourse of persons assembled in front of Cambridge House at an early hour to pay a last tribute of respect to the honoured remains of the deceased nobleman. All around presented an aspect befitting the obsequies of one so sincerely and universally deplored. In all the neighbouring houses the close-down blinds testified, according to our simple customs in the burial of the dead, the regard of the occupants for the memory of him who was about to be conveyed to his last earthly resting-place. But it was chiefly in the extent, character, and demeanour of the crowd that was seen the due appreciation of the importance and solemnity of the occasion. Since the burial of the Duke of Wellington no funeral has brought into the streets of the metropolis so large, so intelligent, and so respectable a portion of sympathising spectators, and yet, as far as mere trappings and outward show were concerned, the melancholy cortege differed very slightly from those frequently witnessed in this city, and made but scant display of the "boast of I heraldry " or " the pomp of power. Of the crowds who lined the whole route of the procession from Cambridge House to the glorious old Abbey at Westminster, it may be truly said that a more quiet, orderly, reverential congrega- tion of people was never seen at any ceremonial in the public thoroughfares; and by far the larger portion appeared in deep mourning. Every window had its gazers ; the people clustered on every jutting point at the base of the Guards' Memorial, and they filled the ugly cage at the top of the Duke of York's pillar. The first-named of these two monuments might, with good warrant and good take have borne some token of the time, if only a single yellow wreath of immortelles ; but it did not. Whatever glory of statesmanship was won in this country out of the Russian war, belongs to Lord Palmerston more than to any other for it was he who, taking the management of foreign affairs at a critical period, helped at least to end that war without loss of dignity to England. The tolling of the minute-book from St. James's, St Martin's, and other churches within earshot, was almost the only sound that broke the silence, which was so still and deep that any distant hum which for a moment became audible at once arrested the attention, as if it had been some startling and unwonted noise. At Charing-cross and all over Trafalgar-square the faces were so many, and so thickly packed together, that the effect nearly verified those ridiculous old drawings of great crowds, in which the heads appear to be a far stretching heap of pale cannon-shot. Shortly after 12, the procession started from Cambridge House in the following order : Corporations of Bolton, Salford, and Dunstable; Dover Harbour Board ; Corporations of Stirling, Oxford, Sunder- land, Birmingham, and Wolverhampton, Bradford, Macclesfield, Liverpool, Portsmouth, Southampton, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Tiverton; London Irish Volunteers; Romsey Volunteers ; Corporations of Romsey, Sandwich, and Hastings; Metropolitan Board of Works; forty seamen, Trinity House Corporation ; six officers, Naval Reserve Trinity House Corporation ; four members of Corporation, London; four ditto; four ditto; one Sheriff and his Chaplain ; the Lord Mayor, his Chaplain, Sword and Mace Bearers, , THE BODY, in hearse, drawn by six horses, with escutcheons. First Carriage. The Right Hon. W. Cowper, the Rev. Henry Sulivan, Right Hon, Lawrence Sulivan, Admiral Sir W. Bowles, K.C.B., the Earl of Shaftesbury. Second Carriage. Mr. Henry Hippesley, the Rev. G. Baker, Mr. Lawrence Hippesley, Mr. William Hippesley. Third Carriage The Rev. Spencer Cowper, the Earl Cowper, the Hon. Henry Cowper, M.P., the Hon. Evelyn Ashley. Fourth Carriage Lord Ashley, the Hon. Lionel Ashley, the Hon. Cecil Ashley, Viscount Jocelyn. Fifth Carriage. - Hon. Frederick Jocelyn, Viscount Dudley, General Sir G. Bowles, Sir G. Shee, Mr. Charles Barrington. Sixth. Carriage H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge, Viscount Bury the Lord Chamberlain, the Archbishop of Canterbury. Seventh Carriage, The Right Hon. the Speaker, the Lord Chancellor, the Earl Russell, the Earl Granville. Eighth Carriage. The Duke of Argyll, the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, the Right Hon. Sir Charles Wood. Ninth. Carriage. The Earl of Clarendon, the Earl de Grey, the Duke of Somerset, Lord Stanley of Alderley. Tenth Carriage, The Right Hon. E. Cardwell, the Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, the Right Hon. Thomas Milner Gibson, the Hon. Henry Brand, M.P. These were followed by carriages of the Queen and members of the Royal Family, the foreign ministers, the members of the British Government, and many others. Precisely as the clock struck one, the head of the procession arrived at the west door of the Abbey, and anon ' those stationed in the south transept began to see slowly pacing towards the presbytery or sacrarium the forerunners of the mighty dead. First came the deputations from provincial corporations; the very first by right of seniority being that of Winchelsea, represented by its mayor, Mr. Charles Robins, and by his accompanying " Barons," Mr. Robert Styleman, Mr. Robert Skinner, and Mr. Samuel Griffiths. Then came deputations from Bolton, Salford, Dunstable, and Stirling ; the Dover Harbour Board ; the corporations of Oxford, Sunderland, Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Bradford, Macclesfield, Liverpool, Portsmouth, Southhampton, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Tiverton Romsey, Sandwich, Hastings; and, lastly, twelve commoners or the corporation of London, four abreast, one of the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, accompanied by his chaplain, and the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor of London, attended by his chaplain and by the City sword and mace bearer. Several of the provincial municipalities had brought their regalia with them, and the sparkle and glitter of a stray mace or staff, or silver oar, had a solacing effect in the midst of the more than Gothic gloom which overshadowed the choir. The day nevertheless, outside was bright and sunny as spring. " Happy is the corpse that the rain rains on but the coffin of the late Premier was housed beneath the roof of the Abbey or a single drop had fallen. The sky smiled upon his funeral, but scarce a ray could pierce the Cimmerian shadows of Westminster Abbey in October. It was less a mist than one heavy umbrageous pall of obscurity that seemed to hang over the assembled multitude; and only at rare intervals bom o statue of purest white marble would struggle from the generous haze, and assert itself like the ghost of a dead and gone century. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales did not join in the procession in the first instance, but, on his arrival at the Abbey, he was conducted to a stall in the choir. An adjacent stall was occupied by H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge. The heir to the Crown and the Field-Marshal Commanding- in-chief were in plain mourning costume, but on both, beneath their closely buttoned surtouts, the blue ribbon of the Garter WOP perceptible. The deputations from the corporations were speedily succeeded by a bevy of the Queen's scholars of Westminster School, in snowy surplices, preceded by some of the arms- men of Westminster, in their quaint gowns. To these followed the chorister, the minor canons, the canons in their full robes, the Sub-dean, Lord John Thynne, and the Very Reverend the Dean, Dr. A. P. Stanley. Then come the body of the deceased Premier. On either side were five Cabinet Ministers as pall-bearers. The chief mourner was the Rev. Henry Sulivan, nnA the remainder of the mourners were those whom we have named as filling the carriages in the procession from Cambridge House. There was the huge tray of black feathers carried in the procession and the viscount's coronet of the deceased was borne on' a crimson velvet cushion before the coffin. Beyond these, and the usual display of weapons, scarves, and hatbands, there was but very little of the millinery of "black work" visible at the funeral of Lord Palmerston. In the actual procession there may have been a hundred and fifty persons. Add to these some fifteen hundred who had obtained tickets of admission to the nave, about five hundred on the platform of the south transept, perhaps two hundred and fifty in the triforium or galleries above the transepts, and a hundred more for the clergy, choristers, and officials in general, and a total of some two thousand five hundred will be obtained. At least a thousand additional spectators could have been accommodated ; but it was presumably the intention of the Dean and Chapter to keep the attendance as select as was compatible with the preservation of its character as a public funeral. On the corpse being met at the great west door by the clergy and choir, the organ began to sound the mournful prelude to the funeral anthem "I am the Resurrection and the Life:" "I know that my Redeemer liveth;" and " We brought nothing into this world." The effect of the silvery . voices of the choir boys alternating with the deep tones of the adult singers-now shrilly ringing, now resonantly surging through nave and aisle that unseen music, still palpably advancing on the car as the procession passed along the nave, was indescribably beautiful. The coffin, having passed the screen and through the choir, was placed on a massive bier under the lantern. The coronet and cushion now rested on the coffin, at the head of the corpse, and the pall-bearers ranged themselves on either side. The ninetieth Psalm, to Purcell's music, was then chanted and to this noble performance succeeded the Lesson, the fifteenth chapter from the first Corinthians, which was read by Lord John Thynne The organ gave forth a solemn peal, and the procession re-forming, the coffin was borne to the grave, situated in the northern or Statesmen's transept, as it is termed, in contrast to the Wits' and Poets' transept, or " Corner." opposite The grave, longitudinally speaking, was parallel to the choir and nave, and somewhat to the left of the centre of the transept. Its brink was veiled yesterday by matting, and it presented few of the repulsive features which are too often associated with the work of the mattock and the spade. The peers and other dignified personages who had assembled, at the Dean's invitation, in the Jerusalem Chamber, and had occupied seats in the choir during the early part of the ceremony, now flocked into the north transept. Here the scene was most imposing. The most distinct figures were the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge, wearing the ribbon of the Garter partly covered by their mourning coats. Their Royal Highnesses stood prominently on a raised platform. To their left was the Dean in his stall, and then came the bearer of the coronet, standing at the head of the open grave. Between the princes and the grave stood the pall-bearers, and at the grave's foot were the chief mourners ; while all around were grouped the many mourners who had hitherto remained in the choir. The magnificent anthems, "Man that is bom of a woman,' was now sung, and the nobility and solemnity of the sight culminated. In that little group of darkness men standing far away, and looking like pigmies between the colossal columns of the transept, there were the rulers of this land of England Lord Russell, pale and motionless ; Mr. Gladstone, cold and composed : the Duke of Argyll, Sir George Grey, Lord Clarendon, Sir Charles Wood, the Duke of Somerset, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Mr. Villiers, and Mr. Milner Gibson. It needed a piercing lena to make out, from an immense distance end a great height, all these familiar forms and faces. How small they looked, how lost in the midst of that great, yawning Gothic area. Anon, while the organ went on pealing, and the voices of the men and boys rose clearer and louder, higher and higher, until at last the saints and martyrs started on the godlike panes of the oriel window seemed to tremble, a ray of sunshine the first, for all the bright day without, that had found its way here-came stealing in, now resting on the clustered columns, now throwing the arm of a statue, the sword of a hero, the wing of an angel, the olive of a Pence, the trumpet of a Fame, into sudden and bright relief, and at last resting lovingly on the pearls and gold and velvet of that viscount coronet, never to descend to another viscount of the Temple line. It rested there, granted on the gilt draperies of the coffin, glanced off from the rigid emblazonments of the pall, and then fled away to be seen no more. At this moment (near 2 o'clock) the gathering clouds without cast a deep shadow within the walls of the Abbey, the rain came swooping down, and scourged the storied panes, and in an instant tho whole of the vast expanse of the Abbey turned black. Then you could no longer see that pigmy group in the north transept ; dukes and earls and belka knights, cabinet ministers and privy councillors, the dean in his pulpit, and the Royal Princes in their tribune, were all blended for a time in one dark, inky mass. Some minutes elapsed ere the eye could accustom itself to the density of the shadows, and, taking the surplices of the chorus ters SB a resting point once more discern the actors in that sorrowful drama. Then the coffin was lowered into the vault, the customary ritual being read with beautiful and almost startling distinctness by Dean Stanley. The collects were read; and subsequently the impressive and pathetic anthem by Handel, " His body is buried in peace, but his name liveth for evermore," was sung by the choir. The service also included the choral sentences, " Man that is born of a woman," " In the midst of life," " Yet, O Lord God, with Croft's music, and "Then knowest Lord," with Purcell's. And when the ceremony was at on end, and the Prince was standing on the verge of the tomb to which had been consigned all that was mortal of as wise and brave a Minister as ever Queen possessed-as statesmen and mayors, dukes and delegates, peers and clergymen, were struggling decorously but painfully, through the narrow doors in the railing of the troops into the choir-and as the great multitude on the black platform began to pour down on the pavement, and all was dissolving and collapsing like a chimera and a dream at this moment of dissolution and separation it seemed as though the whole framework of the giant cathedral was beginning to set and heave with some suppressed yet tremendous emotion as though the very pillars of stone, that had stood the brunt of neglect and violence and civil war and unbelief for eight hundred years, were rocking to and fro. But it was only the organ, now rumbling, now muttering, now dimly sighing, now gustily groaning, and at last bursting forth into the full and fearful majesty of the "Dead Marching Saul." ' 