MELBOURNE MEMORANDA. (From our own Correspondent.) Melbourne, lltli January. The Opposition party are evidently losing heart. They now admit that Mr Ireland has but a very faint pi ospect of success in Maryborough, and that in Portland Mr Wood has not even the “ ghost of a chance.” If these apprehensions are realised, they might as well abandon tbe contest altogether. A curious statement has been in circulation in Melbourne the past day or so, to which little reliability might be attached, but that it comes from so many different sources, aud from people who would be by no means glad to tell such unpleasant news. It is to the effect that Mr O’Shanassv has saidthatif Messrs Ireland and Wood be not elected, be will retire at least temporarily from public life. That Air O’Sbanassy would be very much enraged and disappointed at their rejection, it is easy to believe ; but he is far too shrewd and courageous a man to let even a serious unpleasantness divert him from anything whatever, much less a public duty. The statement is probably an exaggeration of something that he really did say ; and it may be taken as a sign of the times- After all the virtuous indignation exended upon the present Miuistry for having drawn their portion of the L10.000 Pension Fund, I find that only two of them, Messrs Mitchie and Veidon, have availed themselves of their claim. But under what circumstances ? They thought that it would be better to have the money dis tributed among the charitable and other public institutions of the colony than to let it sink into the Consolidated fund. Accordingly, as I am informed, Mr Micbie, out of his L200 or bo, has given an order to Eugeuo vou Gucrard for a picture for tbe Victorian Fine Arts, the balance, if any, to be similarly expended. Mr Verdon has already given a large amount to charitable institutions, and will so devote all the balance, except tbe price of a statue or picture, to be purchased in England for tht Victoriau Gallery. Not a penny of the amount is to find its way Into their pockets, in the shabby sense so shabbily insinuated. The other members of the Ministry will probobly not draw the money at all It will scarcely be credited that, considering the odium attaching to the assertion of claims upon this fund, the list of those who have already established their claims and obtained the amounts, include the names of Dr Greeves, Mr Fellows, Mr R. S. Anderson, Mr Aspiuail, Mr J. D. Wood, Mr Henry Miller, and Mr David Moore. ' Probably they also intend devoting the money to charity and the fine arts. As yet there has been no public annouocemcnt of the fact: but perhaps they are among those who “ do good by stealth, aud blush to find it fame.” I t appears that the ladies’ committee of the Leichardt search expedition are by no means daunted by tbe dismal news from the party. They say that as the worst part of the country has been already overcome, aud as the tropical rains may now be expected, there is no reason why the expedition should not be followed up vigorously. It is a comfort to know that no lives have been lost as yet, notwithstanding the hardships endured. No doubt the ladies are animated by very laudable motives in urging tbe continuance of the search for Leichhardt; but there can be as little doubt as to the existence of a difference of opinion as to whether there is a real justification for a further risk to humanity. A very sad case came before the City Police Court to day. A man named Macfarlane, summoned by his own son on a charge of annoyance and illegal trespass. The parties seemed to be in the class of respectable tradesmen Owing to tbe father’s intemperate habits, tbe mother and son have been obliged to live separately from him, and the present step was taken in consequence of the intolerable annoyance to which they have been subjected during his paroxysms. He seemed penitent enough to-day, and was pardoned on his promise of reformation. The other cases to-day were comparatively uninteresting. 