THE NOVELIST "EBBA" "Let wrong once live, be sure it dieth never. Though past, concealed, forgotten - it abides, An un appeased Nemesis." - Old Play CHAPTER XIV Bereavement "A still small voice spake unto me, Thou art so full of misery Were it not better not to be?" \- Tennyson Mrs. Leigh listened with apparentattention, | though with an absent look, whilst the rector spoke. Then, with an effort, seemed to rouse herself, and went on, "I must pass over some years very briefly - happy, perfectly happy years of girlhood. Then, for a time, I suffered, and thought no trial like my own, even with my fond father to sustain and comfort, and devise amusement and dis- traction for me. I think of that trouble now almost as a time of happiness, so light it looks beside the darknees of later days. This grief - it was, I should perhaps tell you, the discovered unworthiness of one I loved only too well - kept me long from forming or suffering any other attachment. But the time did come when I married, and left even my father for my husband's home. I must hasten on, or I shall fail in power to tell you the little that remains, _needful_ to be told now. Perhaps you may hear all some day; the comfort of suc- ceeding in my search may help me to endure going over the story of that awful time - I do not know. Well, as I said, I married, and so loved my husband, that I left my father for his sake. You cannot tell how much those words imply; none ever can. Ere I was a mother, just in that blissful time of hope and fear, and the joy of perfect love - perfect, yet looking for another and a sweetter gift to bless and bind us yet closer - ere I was a mother, I was a widow. How, it needs not now to tell. Yes! the past has indeed its ghosts, but they are always present to me, _some_ of them - I will show them to you, when we know one another better," said Mrs. Leigh, with a sudden clasp of Miss Joe's hand in her own, and looking dreamily onward, with a white quivering lip and tearless eye, as if beyond all that was visible to others. "I did not know when my child was born. He was two or three days old ere I remember seeing him; and then, O! I used to lie and _read_ him, spell over every atom of his form; look down into his eyes, when they unclosed, to see his father's angel through their blue; and hover above his lips, longing to kiss them, yet refraining oft, because I lost the sight of them the while. He seemed the farewell gift sent me by my lost love after he had left me. My cup of woe was full, do you not ihink?" "God help thee, poor thing," said Miss Joe. "And He did help thee," said the rector earnestly, "that in thy most bitter hour thou could'st say - as did our blessed Lord, when on His holy and sinless head the guilt and sorrow of the word were laid - Lord, not as I will, but as Thou wilt! He gave and He hat taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord." "Aye - but there was yet another stroke to fall - another drop to be poured into that full cup. I had arisen from the bed which at one time I had hoped to be carried from, and laid within the narrow one where _he_ slept. Time, and the touch of the baby-fingers, the sound of the baby-voice, the deep, bright wells of comfort in the baby-eyes, had begun to work the cure I had thought pas hope. I had risen from my bed. I had written to my father, telling him all my desolation, and praying him to take me back to be his own once more, never again through life to part from him. I knew with what joy he would receive me. I felt like a tired child, who has played and wept away the day, and would creep into its mother's bosom to rest in peace. I had known no mother; but he was all to me that she could have been, and I yearned to nestle into his strong love, after my short day of ecstasy and tears. The thought of returning to my home, my haven of safety, so lately left, yet so far off it seemed, beyond that troubled and stormy ocean of agony I had drifted ever since - and the need that I had for resolution to face the agents and details of business-affairs, which for my boy's sake I must not neglect - helped to strengthn me for what I had to do; and they said how 'composed' and self-possessed I was! I had need to be. "My father's anger came even more quickly than I had expected; for, fearful of disappointment, I fixed in my own mind a day later than I need have done for its arrival. Oh! how loving and how tender it was! all that I knew it would be; and yet I could have murmured at it, because in his great joy at the prospect of my return to him, he scarcely seemed - so I thought - to grieve enough for Arthur's death. I was unreasonable, I know, in my impatience to have all things settled, that I might depart, and had I alone been interested, should have sacrificed almost any amount of property to escape dealy. But I had no right to injure _his_ son's fortune; and so - - bore as I could the procrastinations and tricks of lawyers and agents, and the trying difficul- ties thrown in my way by persons who thought me insane in my determination to free the slaves on our property. My husband had decided to do it, and I, prematurely perhaps, resolved to carry out his intentions. "At last, 1 had completed my weary, com- plicated task, had confronted the last lawyer, signed the last deed; given the last receipt, and borrowed one of the carriages I had sold to convey me to the quay. I look back now with something of wonder to think how I did it all. The kind friends I had helped me, or I never should. Heaven bless them for it! I bade them all farewell, and we set sail." 