LA Y IN G THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE N EW W ESLEYAN CHURCH AT LAUNCESTON. (From the ‘ C Chronicle ’) The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Wesleyan Chapel, in Patterson-strcet, took place on Tuesday afternoon, commencing at half-past three o’clock. For an hour previous to that tbe street was crowded with people desirious of securing a good view of the proceedings. Tbe Sabbath School children were assembled in the present Chapel, and were tbe first introduced to a platform on the site of the New Church. Then the Ladies helonging to the congregation were admitted to a large platform, prepared for them on the western side of the Chapel. On the front of this was the inscription—“ The best of all's, God is wiih us ’’ and along the side—" The Lord God be with ns as He was with our Fathers.” At the entrance a fine view of the New Church was displayed. Amongst the large concourse present we noticed J. W. Gieadow, John Crookes, Isaac Sherwin, W. D. Grubb, James Robertson, and William Johnstone, Esqs, Aldermen Barrett. Hart, Norwood, and W ebster; the Revs W. A, Quick, Spencer Williams, W. H. Nye, — Anguin, D. Lelean, Mack, and J . Casely. Tbe ceremony commenced by the child. ren singing No 263 of their hymns. After which the Rev Spencer Williams gave out, and the people sang the 737th hymn. J’he Rev J . D. Lelean offered up prayer, and the Rev J. Casely read the third chapter of Ezra W. D. Grubb, Esq, deposited a metal box in a cavity under tbe stone, and then read the following documents :— The box deposited under the foundation 6tone contains :— The newspapers of the day ; The minutes of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Conference for the year 1866; The ‘Wesleyan Chronicle’ for the month of August 1866; The report of the ‘Australian Wesleyan Mission’ for 1866; The ‘Launceston Circuit p lan for the present quarter; A statement ofthe result of the examination of students at Horton College, for the A. A. Degree, held this month in Hobart Town; Sundry coins of the Realm; Grains of corn; and A scroll of parchment, on which was written-.— WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH, LAUNCES­ TON," “The foundation stone of this Church was laid in the name of the Holy 1 rinity, bv John Crooks, Esq, on the Eighteenth day of September, in the year of OHr Lord One 1 housand Eight Hundred and Sixty-six; in the Thirtieth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria; His Excellency Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, C B. being Governor of Tas­ mania. The Reverend William Abraham Quick, President of the Australian Conference, and Chairman of the District of Tasmania. The Reverend Spencer WilUams and the Reverend Edward Waron Nye. Ministers of the Launceston Circuit. Mesrs Isaac Sherwin, John Ward Gieadow, John Crookes, William Hart, John Drysdale, Frank Hart, and William Dawson Grubb, o f Launceston, Trustees. Messrs Crouch and Wilson, ol Melbourne, Architects. Messrs James William Lloyd, David Scott, George Tyson, and Thomas l.i hsrdson.of Launceston, Contractors. Mr H arry Conway, Clerk o fthe Works. Estimated cost or the building, Six Thousand Pounds, Launceston, 18th September, 1866.” 'T b e stone was then raised and lowered into its position,under tbe superintendent of Mr Harry Conway and M r J . W Llovd. John Crookes, Esq, applied a silver trowel foil of mortar to the work, and said —“ In t ie name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I declare thiB stone to be laid.” M r Crookes then delivered an eloquent address. The Ladies were then invited to lay the purses prepared by them upon, the foundation stone. , „ About thirty elegant wrought and well filled purses were soon deposited ( on the corner stone and smaller contributions, naked and without parses followed, many f th e children o f both sexes making eagerly towards the stone and placing ♦lieir nieces of silver upon it. The Rev. S. Williams said that this operationm ight proceed quietly while the n . . Mr Quick delivered an address. 't he Rev W . A. Quick delivered an ad- The National Anthem was then sung, nnd alter that the Doxology. The benediction was pronounced by the Rev W . A; Quick Three hearty cheers were given for the Queen, and the ceremony termi- ° BThe children as they passed off the nlatfonn were each handed a cake en- P. cloted . , in • a __nnS white n and I*#,.! a nflnpr. red paper. On the . latter was printed in Interact gold in a latter w f Pr Himself being the cJ ^ ' ef7 .rn e r Stone " ‘‘ T hat thine eye. ^ v fb?bpeb t i a r a s this House1 high tTnd dav" •> And in the centre—1' In - commemo- raiion ot laying the foundation-stone of the Wesleyan Church, PatterBon-street, Launceston, by John Crookes, Esq, Sept 18th, 1866 ’’ TH E TEA. MEETING. # A public Tea Meeting was held in the large Hall ot the Mechanics’ Institute, commencing at half past six o’clock. The large Hall was densely crowded, there lieinu nearly 600 persons present,and mane could not obtain admission. 