SÏNOD OP THE DIOCESE OF BÏDNEY. Tho first synod of the Sydnoy Diocese of the Church of England met yesterday. The members of the eynod assembled in the morning at ll, with others, in St. James' Church, when morning prayers were read by the Rev. Canon Allwood, and tho communion service was celebrated, the Right Rev. the Bishop of Sydney «nd tho Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney officiating. At S o'clock, tho synod met in the Diocese Rooms, Phillip-street. There was a large attendance of clergy- ? men and lay delogates. The BISHOP opened tho proceedings with the ap- pointed prayers. Besides prayers and collects usually offered on occasion of meetings of the Church, the fol- lowing prayer for the synod was used s - O Lord God, tho fountain of all wisdom, wo Tbino unworthy servants, prostrate before tho throne of Thy Grace, beseech Thee to enable us, baing met together in Thy name, so to inquire into, deliberate^ upon, and decide concerning tbe sevaral matters which shall ba brought beforo us, that all our proceedings may tend to tho advancement of Thy glory, and the edification of Thy Church in this land. Grant, therefore, that, na Thy holy spirit was prosent formerlv with tho counoils of Thine apostles, so now He may be present with us, to onlighten our understandings, and to sanctify and rule our hearts. Deliver us by His gracious influenco from all false doctrine, heresy, and schism ; from pride, prejudice, and passion ; from sol f-Beek i mr, onvy, and etrifo; from the fear of man and carnal policy Keep, us ever steadfast in the Apostolio and truly Catholio faith. Endue us with wisdom and Bound judgment, with simplicity and godly sincerity, with gentleness and Christian charity ; that so we may alwnya spook and sot according to Thy will, and render unto Thee an acceptable service, through our Lord Jesus Christ, Head over all things to tho Ohurcb, to whom with Theo and tho Holy Ghost, be all honor and glory, world without end. Amen. Tho RESISTBAR OF TOE DIOCESE, at the direction of tho Bishop, called the roll of th* clergy, when theio genttomen answered to their names : The Dean of Sydney, Rev. Canon Allwood, Reverends Messrs. R, L. King, W. Allworth, Zacohory Barry, J. J. Britton, W. Byrnes, Jamos Carter, W. Cade, W. B. Clarke, J. Oorlott, T. Duncan, J. Elder, T. Ewing, J. Fletcher, George Gurnoy, Thomas Hassall, J. B. Hassall, Thomas Haddon, William Hodgson, Thomas Higgins, Hulton King, W. Lyle, W. Lumsdaine, J. H. Mayne, Stanley Mitchell, T. O'Rsilly. H. A. Palmer, G. Priddle, E. Rogare E.jM. Baliniore, J. Schleicher, W. Scott, 'thomas Sharpe, D. S. Smith, Pcroy J. Smith, Thomas Smith, W. Stack, Alfred Stephen, H. G. Stiles D. Galton, G. Turnor, T. W. Unwin, Geo. Vidal, Wilkinson, G. N. Woodd, and W. Wood. Tho licenses of the above-named clergymen wore handed in. Tho CHANCELLOR OF THE DIOCESE then called tho names of tho lay representatives, when these gentlemen answered to their names, and presented their commis- sions, and signed tho declaration of membership of tho United Church of England and Ireland: J. N. Antill, Wm Barker, E. Barton, John Barnet, J. A. Byrno, E. T. Blacket, W. H. Brocsloburst, Frederic Broughton, T. 0. Breillat, W. Buchanan, J. F. Castle, T. Chippendall, Dr. G. P. Clarko, R. Coloy, Joseph Cook, Alfred Cox, tho Honor- able Charles Cowper, tho Honorable George H Cox. Mr. George Cox, Hon. E. Cox, E. K. Cox, A. Crook shank, James Cummings, John Dawson, James Dun- stan, Joseph Dunster, O. B. Ebsworth, E. R. Evans, William Farmer, John Fla vello, J. II. Fleming, Wil- liam Forster, W. Fowler, James Frazer, Dr. Gerard, James Gordon, Qeorgo Griffiths, Dr. Hansard, Elisha Hayes, G. K. Holden, Joseph Hillan, George R. Hirst, T. J, Jaques, Riobard Jones, J. F. Josephson, M.L A. ; F. Keene, Edward Knox, C. Lester, Robert Low, J. P. Luke, H. Lumsdaine, R. K. M'Kenzie, A. L. MacDougoll, W. B. Meares, M. Metcalfe, J. F. Miller, George Mullen, James Norton, S. H. Pearce, W. T. Pinhoy, JameB Powell, James Powell (junior), E. H. Pollard, J. J. Riloy, G. H. Rowley, W. Russoll, B. Snmuda, T. W. Smart, Shepherd Smith, J. 13. Smithers, J, Spurway, E. H. Statham, M. Consett Stephen, - Stokes, J. R. Stool, Alexander Stuart, Rev. Robert Taylor, 8. II. Tarrant, D. A. Thomas, G. C. Watson, G. F. Wiso, W. WOODS, Rev. R. W. Young. Tho BISHOP explained the proposed order of proceed- ings. His address would follow tho calling of thc roll of membors; then tho synod would elect two secre- taries, one clerical and one lay ; then they would elect a chairman of committees; then the committeo of elections, and the committee of standing orders, which committeo would have to report to the evening sitting. The BISHOP then read the following address : - My Reverend Brethren of tho Clergy ; my Brethren of tho Laity,- I congratulate you on the occasion of our aisombling for the first timo in a diocesan synod, constituted in a manner satisfactory to us all. After waiting ten years, wo are thus permitted to meet, and though the delay bas been trying and disappointing to some, I trust it has not been wholly without uso, and tbat we are now in a position to undertake tho manage- ment of our temporal affairs with a reasonable expecta- tion that, under the Divine blessing, we shall build up tho Church of God committed to our care. These feelings of thankfulness and hope are, however, tingad with sadness when wo recall the names of some who have Bhared our labours, and would have rejoiced in our succees, but whom our Heavenly Fathor has aeon fit tn remove from this eatthly scene, and take unto Himself. Tho Church in this colony is largely indebted to ono long identified with its interests, and among its carly and liberal supporters-the late 0 Kemp, Esq. Ha, together with Jadgo Wise and Mr. Ingelow, was a member of our first Conferonce in 1858, and to all of them tho subject of our synod was ono of great interest, to which they gave valuablo time, and tho bonofit of their sound judgment. Moro recently we, in common with tbs whole Church, havo been called to lament tho death of the Hon. Robert Johnson. To us tho loss ot such a friend is at any time great. With bim tho thoughts of a clear and logical mind, and the results of a largo experience, found appropriate expression in eloquont speech ; and theso gifts, combined with a candid spirit, an admirable temper, and an untiring in- terest in tho Church B well being, wore_ ever placod at ita servico with, a cheerfulness and disinterestedness which greatly augmented their value. His death is, at tho present juncture, for many reasons, a great trial. We wore deeply indebted to bim for the form in which our desiro for logislativo sanction was expressed. The sulject of tho present synod was one which occu- pied somo af his latost thoughts, and valuablo sugges- tions for Ibo conduct of its business woro mada by him but a fow days boforo his death These removals aro to bo received by us with humble submission to tho Divine will. They are also loud calls to us indivi- dually to preparo for our own great change, and to ask that tho great Head of tho Church would graciously supply our need, oed would impart to us who survive tho grace and wisdom required for our present work. I take this opportunity of offering our thanks to those gentlemen who assisted iii carrying our bill through tho Parliament. YYo received valuablo aid in quarters to whioh wo had no special right to look, whilo to Mr. Cowper who took charge of the bill in tho Assembly, and to Mr. Barker as tho solicitor engaged to obtain tho passing of tho Act, I feel that we under peculiar obligations. Tho constitutions havo since been registered in tho Supremo Court in complianco with tho requirements of the Act. I have already spoken of our synod as con- stituted in a manner satisfactory to us all. No right or privilege of tho Church hos boen surrondored, and no precaution necessary to give legal validity to our acts has been neglected. If it is contended that tho Church's synodicat action must bo based upon tho voluntary compact of its members, we affirm that this is precisely what wo hnvo done. We unanimously agreed to apply to tho Logislaturo in thc form whioh our bill and constitutions assumed, and our application has been grantod. Some were approhensivo that the independent action of the Church would be interfered with by such application. These appre- hensions aro allayed. Others feared that with- out this legislativo sanction our future labours would ba futile ; that we should bo framing regulations which would havo no binding forco upon the membors of tho Church, and those fears aro now romoved. Thanks to tho diBcnBsions which have boon carriod on for soma years past, and tho continually increasing exporionco which has boen acquired ; thanks to tho temper and moderation displayed, above all, with grateful acknowledgments of tho overruling providence of God, wo now moet a united body, with no parties or party feeling, but actuated, as I firmly believe, with a desiro to carry on our Master's work in this liol J of labour which He hae ca'.lod upon as to occupy. This is at tho samo timo o subjoct of sincere congratulation, and an omen of future success. It seemed to me desirable, for several reasons, to summon this meet- ing of the synod beforo the close of the year. No notion of tho synod can take placo until tho machinery hy which it is to work hos been called into existence. II is necessary that officers and committees should be appointed, .that the subjects for our consideration sunuld be eelocted, and the made in whioh our dolibot\ ntions are to bo oarriod on should bo laid down. It may not be wiso to proceed to actual legislation at present, but tho materials for future legislation should be col- lected and arranged without further delay. _ There is also at least one general question upon which, if our opinion is to be expressed at all,* no time should be lost in doing it, I will now proceed to state what has been done in order to bring certain subjeots before the synod. As no . standing committco could be appointed until tho meeting of the synod, I summoned a few of tho olergy and laity residing in Sydney to con- sult with me as to the matters to bo brought bo fore tho synod, and tbs mode of o (Toe ting this. After some deliberation the order of business was agreed upon. It will be necessary first to elect secretaries, a chairman of committees, an election cora mittee, a committee for standing otders, and a standing committee. To tho election committee will bo referred any questions arising out of the returns, and the stand- ing orders for tho management of our proceedings, and tho conduct of debates, must be settled before other rmsinoes can begin. The first matter to engage^ our attention is tba election of tho standing committee, i. c., a committte of clergymen and laymon who will bo the oxecotiTO of tho synod and the council of tho bishop. Whon these preliminaries are duly arranged, tho By nod will bo in a position to enter upon tho consideration of the subjects Mt down f..r disouesion, and upon any others which individual members may bring forward, and which tho synod may desiro to discuss. Of the questions af gene- ra! interest the first in importance is the relation af tho Church in the colony to the Church at homo. We bave bean accustomed to regard ourselves as members of the United Church of England and Ireland, no are so styled in legislative enactments, wo are governed by a bishop appointed by the Crown, which, .by letters patent, has assigned to him a territory] and a designa; lion. If it has been assumed by* some that tho Crown by letters patent con for rod ecclesiastical jurisdiction, this mistake has not boon mudo hore. The relation of tho oiorgy to tho bishop is laid down with sufficient claarncss'in tho Church Temporalities Act, and the Supremo Court of tho colsny has given its decision upon tnis point If* elsewhere tho mistako has boen made, it surely is not nccsssary, in order to correct it, that tho tie which hindu us to tho Church of our fathers should bo dissolved. This, however, is tho tindoncy (in my opinion at least > of a bill introduced by Mr. Cardwell, and apparently sanctioned by the Secretary of State for the Colonies. It seems to me that it is preparing the way towards a separation from tho Church at berne, and for internal divisions amongst the members of the Church in tho colonies. Having these views, I cannot but desiro an opportunity of expressing them, and consider that wo should bo want- ing in duo care for the welfaro of tho Church, nnd in consideration for our friends at homo, if wo withheld our opinions from those who aro about to legislato on a subject in which we are so intimately concerned. I agree with the Church Assombly in Victoria, which lias fietitioned tho Crown and tho Parliament, that in nny o¿islation upon this eubjoct there may be kept in viow tho perfect identity of the Church herc with the United Church of England and Ireland in tho United Kingdom in all but its connection with the State ns an Established Church; thc appointment of bishops according to a uniform rule as heretofore to tho United Church of England and Ireland in Victoria ; and an appeal in all ecclesiastical causes to the supremo eccle- siastical tribunal of tho United Church of England and Ireland. I do nat suppose that in thia colony the status of tho bishop or bis relation to tho olergy would, in the first instance, be interfered with by Mr. Card well's bill, inasmuch as wo havo obtained by legisla- tion "that coercive jurisdiction which cannot be obtained by mutual consent,"* and Colonial Acts havo recognised the existence and authority of tho bishop aa a bishop of tho Church of Eng and, and enable bim to exercise discipline. But it is impossible, to Bay what ill effects might not in time flow from a measure which, while professedly intended to remove some doubts, creates others of graver import, makes it questionable whether there can bo a branch of the United Church of England and Ireland in a colony, and leaves the Colonial Church at liberty to consecrate bishops out of tho United Kingdom for the boned of euch clergy, congregations, and persons as may voluntarily submit themselves thereto, and no royal mandate or license shall be necessary for any Buch consecration olicwhero than in tho United King- dom. Wo aro not disposed to set an exaggerated valuo on letters patent ; as proceeding from tho Crown thoy aro entitled to be spoken of with respoct, but wo hiT« a valuo for order, union, and oven for. precedent, which is often such another term for tho testimony of antiquity, and while we do not overlook or noglect the tendencies of modorn political thought, wo do earnestly desiro to preserve with the Church of our fUherB that kind of union which somo havo called identity, whioh others liken to a branch, and whioh we mean when we say that although residing in New South Wales wo are members of tho united Church of England and Ireland. Another subject of general im- portance is the relation of the diocesan to the provincial ej nod, i.e., to the synod of the threo dioceses of New South WaloB. The power of the provincial synod generally is defined in the 24th Constitution :-" The provincial synod may make ordinances end determina- tions upon and in respect of all such matters and things concerning the order and good government of tho United Church of England and Ireland in the colony, and the regulation of itt affairs, as may bo the subject of joint roferenco to such provincial synod by all the diocesan synods thon existing in the colony, or may be the snbjoct of roforonce to Buch provincial synod from any diocesan synod under the provision horein before in that bohalf contained." On this point I retain thc opinion I have beforo oxproBsed, that oar diocesan in- dépendance may, hy careful deliberation and prudent action, lead to provincial uniformity. Tho property of each diocese may assuredly bo better managed by its own synod than by a. provicial synod, even though the latter should dolegato large powers to the former. In most other mattera the united notion of tho threo diocesscs is no doubt to be desired. It would bo well to havo a uniform rule res pooting marriages and patronage, and as the provincial synod is to be an nppeliato tribunal it would seem necessary that the coureo of procedure in cases of dis- cipline should be tho Bama in each diocese. How thiB joint notion is to be brought about is a subject upon which somo difference of opinion obtains. To sub- ordinate tho diocesan to tho provincial synod would be to cut the knot. Wo have not ohoson to do this, and have, I think, acted wisely in declining to placo the control of all matters and things connected with our own diocese in tho power of those who do not bolong to tho diocese. If in doing this, wo aro so unfortunate ns to differ from Now Zealand, we may consola ourselves with tho reflection that we follow tho example of Cannda.J However, what all desire may in the end bo obtained. If the threo dioceses agrco to refer cortain quostions to the provincial synod, and to abido by its decision, we shall attain to such a mcasuro of uniformity as mny bo practi- cally useful. Tho first subject of special interest whioh will be discussed is the marriage question. Since th« al terntion in the marriago la w of tho colony, tho num. bor of marriages in tho Church of England has greatly diminished and appears to bo still decreasing. Ons, and with soma persons tho only reason for this diminu- tion is to bo found in the high rato of fees chargod for a marriage by license ; and the demand is very ganorally mado that this foo shall be croatly reduced, if not wholly abolishsd. I do not myself beliovo that tba fees aro tho sola caneo of tho evil of which we complain ; thero aro many ether circumstances to bo taken into account in considering this mutter. A reso- lution upon tho subject will be brought forward by tho Dean, and after the discussion of this and of a kindred question, that of tho rcgistor, I trust the synod will agree to the proposal to appoint a select committee to consider and report upon them both. A similar courso may, with advantsgo, be pursued in dealing with tho other subjects eat down for discussion. Aftar opinions havo boon elicited from the synod, there should follow careful inquiry by a committoo, and the result be reportad at the next sossion of synod. Wo ühall then be in a position ta pass such resolutions aa may givo effect to tho derisions of tho synod. Tho question of patronage for example is one, which, from its importance, recluiros very caroful consideration, and in tho con- sideration of which tho experience of other colonial churches may bo advantageously obtained. In tho Church at homo patrenngo is exorcisod in a variety of ways, and this advantngo has arisen that a largo num- ber of poisons haro become interested in tho well boin g of the Church, and that it has not beon in tho power of any one class of poreons or opinianB to obtain predominance in tho govcrnmont ?Address of tho Bishop of Grahamstown at tho Oxford Con lerencc. X Notwithstanding what hal barn stated, lt I» evident that thu diocesan synods tn Canada ore In no sense under tbe con- trol of or "in ject to the directions of thu provincial >ynod. The requirement that a clergyman nliall submit to the canoas of both ls no proof Ibat one 1» subject to the other. of tbs Church and tho direction of publio opinion. If any particular mod« of Church patronage could afford ground for believing that in the majority of casca tho best appointments would be made by means of it, that modo wo should be bound a* we are at liberty to adopt No unoxceptionablo alan of exorcising patron- age has boon discovered, or evor will be discovered, be ctuso human nature will abuse tho best devised scheme. There will always be the ovil mingled with the good, and neither official nor private pitronage, the patronage of bishops) collegiate bodies, parishes or trustees, will be administered by men who are always actuated by tho purest motives, or guided by tho highest wisdom. A systom of patronage which gives a voice to' all parties inter- ested in its proper exercise, or at least offer somo check to its improper exorcise, and whioh also admits of such variety as to bo applicable to the. circumstances of different parishes, or tho desires of different individuals and communities, may, I think, be. framed. I shall have much satisfaction in giving my asiistanca in devising and carrjing out such a schomo. It will be a great relief to myself, and a means, I trust, of main- taining amongst us a desiro for the faithful and officient ministration of the Word of God. The subject is one which may bo very properly remitted to tho standing committeo for consideration and report. Tho constitu- tion of a tribunal for the trial of offences may bo similarly dealt with. There nra certain great principles of justice to bo observed, and with tho experi- ence of tho Church at home, .and of different colonial churches to guido us, I .do not apprehond that there will bo much difficulty in framing suitable regulations. The subject is ona which, with tho con- currence of the other dioceses, wo might advantageously refer to tho othor provincial synod., Tho opinion and advice of tho synod will be. sought in considering tho question of the constitution of tho cathedral body, by which the affaira of tho cathedral are to bo managed and its services conducted. Tho rules .of the Church Society will now require, revision,. and its future relation to tho synod must be Bottled. Sinco its for- mation the society has collected and distributed a largo part of tho church offerings, and has proved itself worthy of tho - confidence reposed in it I trust that it will still bo retained as tho channol through which tho contributions of thc Church may flow into every part .of. tho diocoso. The Australian Board of Missions will he formally taken into connection with tho Church through the i action of the synod, and I hopo that increased assist- ance to the Melanesian mission, under Bishop Pattcson, as well as additional efforts on behalf of our own abo- rigines and tho Chinese, will be tho result of this act of adoption. Statistical returns of tho dioosso and a return of tho property of tho Church, will probably ho called for by the synod, to bo laid before it at its next session. All questions of oxpondituro and ûnauco will bo within the provinco ot the standing committee, which will also be entrusted with tho disposal of that part of the revenues arising from tko Church and School estate appropriated to tho usoof tho Church of England. The repeal of tho Chursh Temporalities Act, or of certain portions of it, is a question which must, for tho prosont stand ovor. As we pro- ceed to frame régulations for our goad govern- ment, wo shall discover whore tho Act interferes with our powers, and whero it requires alteration, and whore thc measures wa havo agreed upon are ready for formal adoption aa constitutions or regulations of the synod, wo may seek the repeal. of tho Chureh Act. Th eso arc, I holieve, tho principal, subjects which will occupy our attention on , the present occasion. Thqy aro sufficiently numerous, and 1 should not havo named so many did I not hope that the synod would oct upon tho suggestions I have already thrown out, and re for most of thom to committees. * Even if wo do confino ourselves to this modo of dealing with thom, wo shall find that tho disouision of these subjects, and of othors which individual members may desiro Jo bring for- ward, will occupy a considerable time. Tboso works, if somewhat secular, are yet necessary and valuablo, and ns means to a higher end deserve a portion of our time, and of our careful consideration. Yet aro thoy hut thu means-the scaffolding of tho temple. Wo "may frame an orderly system of government; patron- age, discipline, and endowments may be wisely arranged ; yot is this but tho machinery, wa want tho motivo power. Wo may by tho liborolity of our gifts, by prudence and diligcpco in labour, becomo prosperous outwardly, may'havo a name to live, and yet Wore God bo dead, A Churoh docs not livo by external acts, but by tho indwelling spirit, animating, informing, quickening, and enlightening its members; without this it is dead. "A Church dies when it does not testify for God, does not maintain Christ's truth, is , not instinct with tho Spirit." Then lot us, my reverend brethren, keep ever in view tho great end of ' our ministry, which ts the salvation of souls. Suffer ¡ me to remind you of your ordination engagements, of your promises to bo diligent in prayer and in the reading of tba Holy Scriptures, laying asido tho study of the world and of the flesh, to bo in yourselves and in your families wholesome examples and patterns to the flock of Christ, that thus giving yourselves wholly to theso things, yon may be enabled so to seek for Christ's sheep that are scattered abroad, that thoy may be saved through Christ for ever. And from you, my brethren of tho laity, we look for much. Wo ¡OOH for your for- bearance, for we often ncod it Wo lodk for your prayers that our bands may be upheld. Wo look for yonr co-operation, that you would willingly take upon your- selves those seoular duties whioh occasionally press too heavily on the pastor,and that in all matters of finance you would leavo him without carefulness by your caro on his behalf. We desire for you that, as fathers in tho family, matters among your ser- vants, and members of tho community, you would help forward tho work of tho ministry. If in this synod we meet os a united and praying body, I have no fear for the result Tho advantages wo enjoy as members of the Church of England supply great additional mcanB for usefulness. Our Apostolic order and descent, our Scriptural ordinances, and tho strong hold eur beloved Church maintains ovor the affections of her membors, are a vantage ground from whioh wo may hope to waga successful war against ignorance, irreligión, and vice. But in ordor to this success we must bo united, sympathising, prayorful. Let us beso, and tho work of tho Lord will goon. And lot mo remind you, my brethren, that tho progress of the work is ono chief thing to bo kept ia viow. A very few years and thn greater part of this assembly will have passed away, but their work will abide. _ Lot us moot and labour, then, under tho deep conviction that wo ara working forotornal interest, and wo may hope that our work will abide. Wo Bhall thus be dolivercd from undue nnxiety, shall bo raised above worldly motives, shall be released from petty jealousies ; a united and ep-ritual body, we shall " ariso and build." And whilo in bumble dopendenco wo acknowledge " Except tho Lord keep the houso thoy labour in vam tbat build it," wo shall confidently ask, " Prosper Thou tho work of our hands upon us ! O prosper Thou our kandy work." At the mention in tho above address of Mr. Charles Cowpor's services to tho Church, some applause was manifested. On which his Lordship said it was not UBual to indicate a feoling of approbation-or the con- trary-during tho reading of tho Bishop's address. After this intimation there was no ^further expression of tho kind. Mr, GEOIIOK COX moved a vote of thanks to the Metropolitan for his ablo and interesting address. Mr. ALEXANDER STUART seconded the motion. Ho (Mr, Stuart) took tho place of the Hon. James Mac- arthur in so doing. They were greatly indebted to his Lordship also for conducting tho proceedings which led to tho formation of this synod, (Cheors.) The BISHOP acknowledged the kindness of the movor and seconder, and members of eynod, and added that if his address proved in any way satisfactory to all members of tho synod, and aided in tho completion of the work before them, he would bo abundantly re wardad. Tho DSAN moved the olootion of two secretorios. Ile proposed one who had acted with urcat success at their conference, tho Hov. It. L. King, as tho clerical secretary. As lay secretary ho proposed W. Owen, Esq., barristor-at-law, who bad consented, as far as his professional duties would allow, to discharge tho office of secretary. The Hov. CANON ALLWOOD secondod tho motion. Tho BISHOP put the names separately, nnd the Hov. B. L. King and W. Owon, Esq., barrisler-at-Iaw, wcro unanimously elocted ns tho soorotaricB of the eynod. Tho Bov. It. L. KINO thanked his Lordship and tho synod for tho honour conforrcd upon bim. Mr. King and Mr. Owen then took their seats at tho table as clerical and lay secretaries to tho conference. Tho Birnop called on thc synod to elect a chairman of committees. ALKXAKDBR STUART, Esq., proposed as chairman of committees, William Barker, Esq,, solicitor, whoso cxporiouco and tact would bo of invaluable servies to them. ALEXANDER GORDON, Seq., eccondcd¡tlie nomination, and Mr. W. Barker was unanimously chosen. Ho acknowledged the honour conferred upon him, and said ha placed his roi ¡ano» on the kind assistance ind for- bearance of tho synod. tho BISHOP next oallod on the synod to «leo» a cora mitteo of eleotiona. ROT. HULTON KINO moved tho appointment of Melara. Knox, Breillat, and Consett Stephen, with the Rev. Percy J, Smith and tho mover, to be tho com- mittee on elections. Mr. M. METCALPS seconded the motion. Mr G. F. WISH auggosted that committees ahould generally bo nominated by ballot. Tho gentlemen who proposed a committee might bo supposed beBt qualified to nominate the mombors of that co-amittee. But thoro ' might bo other member* of synod equally well, or oven bot tor qualified to servo a committee Tho BISHOP said these committcecs were purely of a formal charaotor. When' tho standing orders com- mittee brought up their report this evening, it would bo found that there was provision mads for voting by ballot whenever required. On tho present occasion this committee would havo only business of a very limited and formal character. Ballot papare would bo found prepared whoo ready. Dr. CLARKE nskod what rule this committee bad to guide thom. Tho BISHOP said tho existing constituí ions would be the guide of the committee. The resolution was carried unanimously. Tho next business was the appointmint of the com ; mitto on standing orders. Tho Btsnor said they were much indebted to Ur. Stuart ; he theroforo called on Ur. Stuart to proposo a motion on this subject. Mr. ALEXANDR!* STUART moved-That a committee be appointed to draw up the standing orders and rules for the conduct of tho business of the eynod ; and that such committeae consist of tho Rev. Messrs. E. Rogers, Thomas Smith, H A. Palmer, Perey J. Smith, nnd E. M. Salinlere ; also. Messrs. Wm. Barker, Wm. Foratar, Riobard Jones, Shepherd Smith, T, 0. Breillat, and Alexander Stuart. The DEAN loconded the motion, which waa carried unanimously. Tho Rov. Canon ALLWOOD, with the sanction of tho synod, t.avo notice that ho would novo tho appoint- ment of a standing committee to represent tho synod during its adjournment, and to assist tba Bishop in the regulation of tho affaira of the Church. Tho Elanor announced that on the reassembling of the synod, tho report of tho standing orders committee would bo received and considered, and then the motion of the Rev. Canon Allwood would be considered. Tba synod adjournod at ton minutes to fi, until half past 7. At that hour tbe synod again mot, and Mr. A. STUART, ns tho chairman of the committoe on standing orders, brought up their report, comprising fifty standing orders. The Bienop then put to the eynod tho question, whether theeo standing orders bo considered in com- mittee, or by tho BJ nod in session. Ho recommended that tho President should read each of tho standing orders, end submit it separately to tho synod for consideration and adoption, alteration, or rejection. This oourso was agreed to. ' The BISHOP then read the orders accordingly. The Dist of theso, " That_ tho members of tho synod shall meot for tho discussion of business in ono cham- ber," was carried unanimously. The second lind Ibo hour of meeting at 3.30 p.m. To thia hour some objection was mudo Tho rule was, however, carried. Tho third order, making eight clorical and sixteen lay members a quorum, was carried No. 4-" In tho absence of the Bishop and his com- missary as President, tho synod shall stand adjournod, kc.,'' hoing proposed, Iior. PEROT J. SHITH said it non id bo possible, if this order was passed, for tho Bishop and his com- missary to put an end to tho synod by absenting them- selves Tho order was carried. No. 5-Directing minutes to bs talton and preserved by tho secretaries-was carried. t»o. C-Directing tho order of proceedings (prnyor, minutes, nod there- after (1) petitions, (2) noticesof motions, (3) motions and ordersof tbo day)-being proposed, " Mr. CONSETT STEPHEN suggested that it would bo convenient to have somo time fixed for asking questions. He movod to insert the words " questions to bo asked" .before tho word " petitions." Mr. A. STUABT taid this matter was considered by tho committoe. It was decidedly objectionable that questions should bo asked without notice. A member giving notice of a question, that question was tabled, and became ono of tho *'ordors of the day." Mr. RICHARD JONES said n question did not, when notice of it was givon, become an order of the day. In Parliament questions might be asked nt any time before tho ordors of tho day came on. Ho thought that was a prudent rule. Tho Bisnop said he understood that, when notice was given of a question, it became an order of the day. Tho Rev. Mr. THUMBS concurred in tho view of Mr. Jonos. Mr. "Vf. BARKER thought this matter had bean over, looked, It should be considered. Mr. JONES said in Parliament no Minister of tho Crown was obliged toanswor a question. _ Rev, THOÍTAS SMITH said the forty-ninth order pro- vided for this case. Where there was no rulo to tho contrary, they were to follow the practice of the Par- liament, Mr. W. FonsTKR said his altontion had not been drawn to this subjcot, but ho thought tho forty-ninth rulo provided for this matter. Mr. PRIDDLE seconded Mr, C. Stephens' amendment. Mr. JAQUES slid it was necessary to insert a proviso for notice of questions. Tho Bisnor said ho supposed no ono would answer a question without notice. That would bo h a rulo, at any rate (Cheers.) Mr. M. MKTOAI.PE objected to tho phrase " reading prayers." Ho suggestod the phrase '* saying prayers." Mr. SiiRPiiEno Suirn objected strongly to tho word " saying," as suggesting the use o' impromptu prayers. Mr. AIETCALFB said the words " reading prayers'" wero not used in tho prayer- book. Mr. WILBINSOH eaid in the formi used by other synods thopbraso was, " say pray ors." Mr. Consett Stephen's amendment was then car- ried-putting in *' questions" before " petitions." 1 Mr. METCALFE moved, and Mr. CORLETT seconded, tho substitution of tho word saying" for "roadinsr," Mr. SiiEi'nr.BD Sunn said if this nmondmont did not import a power to indu leo in impromptu prayer, bo would not object to it; in that caso he saw ro difference between the words " saying" and " loading." Tho Rev. Mr, HODOSON proposed to insert the word " pray," instead of either " say" or "road." Mr. ROWLEY contended for retaining the word "read." Tho Rev. STANLEY MITCHELL moved, and Mr. PI.NHBY seconded, another nmondmont, to omit tho worJs " reading prayers," and substitute " with prayer." Mr. A. STUART said tho committee had committed tho practice of different synods. Ho thought they (tho synod) wore splitting hairs. Tho BISHOP said bo preferred the order as it stood. If altered, there night bo somodiscuBBion ns towhethor tho Proeidontought not to "intone" tho prayer. (A laugh.) Tho BEAK said in tho order for morning prnyors he found the direction, " Prayers to bo r. ad horo, excopt when tho Litany is read." (Laughter sud cheers.) Tho nmendmant of Mr. Metcalfe was tboroupon re- jected, and the retention of tho word " reading" was agreed to by a largo majority. Iho order was thon passed as amended by tho insertion of tho words " I Quastione." Orders 7 to ld. relating to the ordor of debato nnd coinciding in substance with the rules of (lobato ob- served in tho Houses of Parliament, were adopted without discussion. Un order 15, upon tho form of petitions. Mr. SuicrHuuD SMITH said this order made inter- lineations fatal to petitions; and the next order required that any member of tho synod presenting a petition must have rando himself acquainted with it. Interlineations and erasures often occurred in potitionB, and did not destroy thc character of tho potltion. Ho thought they might omit tho words "or which havo been altered by crnsuro or interlineation." The only object of theeo words was to protect tho synod ogaiust having n false petition presented to it. (Hear.) Now in tho fact of tho member presenting a petition stating that it was correct, they had a guáranlo» for the petition not having boen tampered witb. Tho Rev. TIIOHAS SMITH said the statement of tho mornber presenting a potition ought not to be hold a sufficient guarantee. Mr. \V. BOWMAN and Mr. A. STCAnT contended for rotoiniug tho order as it stood, lt WUB necessary to cuard tho petitioners by euch a regulation ngaiuBl having their petitions tampered with. Mr. WILKINSON submitted that the insertion of tho word "muterinl" .before tho word "interlineation' would ira provo tho rule. Tho insertion of a letter or tbe word ''and" would not invalidate tho potition. Petitions might bc eent down a long distanoo, with come triviol interlineation or erasure. , Mr. JAQUES mid thia would be a good amendment, if thsy were agreed to what tho word "material"" meant. But ho thought it would lead to -much. discussion. .. Mr. UOWLKT thought it would be very inconvenient if a trivial interlineation was hold to invalidate n petition. Rev. O. VIDAL recommended to members not un- necessarily .10 propose amondmenta and lake up time. The BISHOP thought thoy had bolter loavo the plauso as it stood. If it were known, ponies would at specially careful to avoid oil interlineations or erasure*. Mr. Shepherd Smith's amondment was negatived, and the order was passed without amendment. Orders 10 to GO, also coinciding in substance with the rules observed in Parliament, wera carried without dis- cussion, These orders rolato to debates, adjournments, amendments, divisions, select committees, balloting, ?aoram, counting out, and proceedings in committee, n No. 21 an Mnondmont, consequential on Mr. C. Stdphons amendment in the Otb order, was made, re- quiring notice to be gi«en in writing of any question to be asked. A similar amendment was mad« in No. 22. ' ' The previous question is to be put in tho following words:-"r-hnll thc question be now entertained?" Itis provided by implication in No. 28, that votiitp may.be "collectively or by orders." By No. 44 seiest ,committees have power to sit during tho recess of ike synod. The two last orders are as follows:-"dO. In thc mods of bringing forward and conducting ordinances of the synod tho same rules shall bo followed, so for BS applicable, which appertain to tho introduction and passing of public bills in tho Legislative Council of New South \Yulcs. SO. In all cases not hercio pro- vided for, resort shall be had to tho rulos, forms, anti practico of tho Legislativo Council of New South Wales, so far as they can bo applied. The orders having been severally approved, but net carried as a whole. Mr. CONSETT STEVUIK mored as an additional order That the synod adjourn every day at S p.m , and mest again ot 7 p.m. Mr. CHRISTOPHE« ROLLESTON said thoy should ad- journ at 0. and meet again at half-past 7. Mr. R. JONES said it would be very inconvenient t» make s rulo on the »ubject. Tho BISHOP thought it would be best not to have n rulo, bet for the President to not on tho wish of tho synod. Tho motion was withdrawn. Mr. W. FojKTKn called attention to the 23rd mle, is worded, and said that " Any member may more on amendmont uniese tba previous question shall have been moved." Now tho previous question miirht barf been moved and negatived. It would bo vory incon- venient to debar tho synod from making amendments in such a case. Mr. B. JOKES said tho order expressed oxaotly what was intended. When the previous question was decided, the motion must be at once disposed of. No ^conve- nience would follow. After tho putting of tho previous question no amendment ought to bo moved. Mr. JiacBs seconded tho motion of Mr. Forster, for the ro-committal of tho orders, with a viow to thc omission of tho words " havo boen moved,' and the in- sertion of tho words "bo tho motion." Mr. ROLLESTON protested against their being called upon to go back in what had bron considered and decided. These were frivolous motions. Mr. FORSTER, said tho motion was not a frivolous ons ; his object was to provent a rulo being adopted, which would prejudice tho discussion of any matter that m ¡«ht come hoforo them. Tho 20th rulo required tho President to put this provieus question-"Shall th», question bo now entertained?" Whon tho HOUBO h nd agreed that the question be entertained, it would bo exceedingly inconvenient to bo bound to carry tho question as it stood, without possibility of amend- ment. Mr. A. STUART agreed with Mr. Forster thnt thio was not a frivolous motion. The clause ns originally put, had not tho phrase. " unless tho previous quostioi, shall havo been moved^'. Theso words wore proposed by Mr. Richard Jones, 'as in accordance with tho prac- tico of tho Legislative Counoil. , Mr. ItoLLLSTON rose to order. Thoir standing orders wero now passed, and by thoso orders no motion could be «ntertaiaed without notice. Ur. R. JONES said they wero practically in com- mittee ; and any motion to amend tho orders, could he put. Mr RIXET said they had passed the rulos, and it wa» out of order to reconsider them. The Bisnor concurred in tho view of Mr. Jones; it was competent to thom to roviow and altor tho rules. They wore virtually in committee. The synodwas mucki obliged to Mr. Forster. Tho view ho had taken waa correct. Mr. A. BTUAXT said there was now no occasion foi any referonco to tho previous question. He recom- mended that these words be loft out. Mr. FORSTER said their object was that when the previous question was moved, there should be no amend- ment moved on that question. Mr. JoRBpnsoN said in no caso could tho provions question be " tho motion." It was always aa amend- ment. Mr. FOKSTEB admitted this, and withdrew hi* amendment, aud moved instoad thereof, the omission of the woids " unless the previous question shall hove been moved," This amendmeat was carried. Rev. PKBCY SIIITH referred to the 37th order-that no select committee shall havo less than five or more dian nine members. He proposed, as necessary, te inBert tho words -'other than tho standing committee." The BISHOP said tho term" select committee" did not, he thought, inoludo tho standing committee ; but to pre vont mistake ho had no objection to the arnold - mont Tho amendmont was seconded by Mr. STUART, asá carried. Mr. SaspnHRD SMITH objected to their going back os ? those rules after passing them. The BISHOP said they had now done tho work. He put tho question that tbcBO standing orders, in number 50, now road, bo the standing orders of the synod. The motion was carried unanimously. On tho motion of Mr. STUART, seconded by tho DEAN, it was ordered that tba standing orders, as now adopted, ba printed, and circulated among tho mombors. The BisHorthon called on any mombore who wished to introduce motions at futuro sittings, to givo notice thereof. A numbor of notices of motions and questions were then given by tho Boan of Sydney, tho Rev. W. Stach, Mr. A. Gordon, Rev. A. Stephen,' Ito v. T. Ewing, ROT Canon Allwood, Hov. G. Vidal, and Dr. Clarke The synod adjourned at twolvo minutes to IO p.m., to meet again at 3.30 p.m. to-day. Canon Allwood's motion for tba appointment of tho standing committee, i o., the Executivo Council of tho Bishop, has prece denoo. The noxt motion for consideration is ono by Boan Cowper, on tho subject of marriage ; thou follows ono of tho Rov. W. Stock, in roforonce to tho registom of tho Church ; and then a motion of Mr. Alexander Gordon, on tho relation of members of this Church to the United Church of England and I roland. THE LAND LAWS,-It will bo soon, by a referonco to our Parliamentary report in another column, that the Qovcrnmont, after mature consideration, have docmed it oxpediont not to to porsovero in thoir expressed intention of introducing, this session, " A Bill to amend tho Land Laws." A meeting took placo at Mr. Martin's chambors on Monday last, at which about forty mombors or tho Assembly nero present, wliou th« - propoeod bill was read. We are not in a position te- state the exact nature of the moasure, but that it wa» billilly unpalatable to a majority of tho members may be inferred from tho fact that tho intention to intro- duce it was abandoned. Our crops this soasan are everywhere luxuriant ; nm) where hitherto only grass and scrub abounded, ii now to be seen the cultivated farm, with its splendid ero,-.» of wheat, oats, or whatever it might bo, promising any amount of work for reapers about Christmas. As thor» appears to bo such a quantity to out we suspect that the reaper wll also make a good banoal here thia, aeason.-Tumut Times. DEATH FROM KATING HATCHES -Last Monday wo - r. ported that a little boy aged about three years, sou ot' Mr. Donohoe, of Gooup, had narrowly escapea being: poisoned through eating matches. Wo havo now to report the dentil of the little follow, which took plaoe ou Thursdny evening. An inquest was held hy tho district coronor on Friday, and from tho uvideuoa then adduce!, n verdict af " accidental death" was returned. I-rom what wo have hui rd rosps cling this euio, wo me led to believe that had proper rocdioal attention been ? Rouighb the obild's life might have bean preserved. Tumut Times, Heran. Chai. Moore arni Co. have requested us todlrtct the a tentlon of WarcuiiUKora<in,Drai «rn, Clothier*, and ttiu trmlu, . totliu'r salo Tilla Day, eniuprUIng «lilto uuu Olav Cullens, Drma (lootlr, P unnu » Clothing, fco., Ats., Thin Day, alli o'doc", at tliatr Kooma, rltt-atmt. 