52*. STEPHEN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, IPSWICH THE new Presbyterian Church, Ipswich, was opened for Divine worship on Sunday last, by the Rev. W. L. Nelson, Moderator of the Queensland Church, who conducted the morning service, and read the dedication prayer, which was very beautiful and impressive. A very eloquent sermon was also delivered by the same gentleman, who chose for his text the 17th. verse of the 14th chapter of St. Paid to the Romans-" For the kingdom of God is not moat and drink : but justice, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Tho organ was well played by Mr. Blow, and the singing excellent, and a very great improvement on what it was formerly. The evening services were conducted by the Rev. M. M'Gavin, who also preached a very impressive sermon from the last clause of the 7th verse of the 60th chapter of Isaiah-" And I will glorify the house of my glory." The church, when lighted up as it was on Sunday night by numerous lamps, presents a very imposing appearance. The music and singing in the evening was also very good. The place during both services was crowded, and we presume a very handsome collection was made. The new church has been built on the same grounds and partly over the same site on which the old church stood. When it was resolved that a new edifice should bo erected, it was not long until the active members of the church had inaugurated the necessary working committe; and after receiving designs from local and Brisbane architects, that of Mr. J. Backhouse, architect and town surveyor of Ipswich, was accepted. The style of the building is plain Gothic- It is built with freestone foundations and base ; the walls of l8 inch brickwork, 21 foot high, and having Portland cement drossiugsto angles, ' openings, copingB, and tower. The roof is open-timbered and slate-covered, tho main timbers coming down with cut knocs on to internal corbels. Tho interior is plastered in imitation of stone,' and is lined 4 foot up - tho Bides with codar dado, plinth, and capping. Tlio tower at tho western ond faces tho town, the ground rising from it to tho east end of the church. Tho base of tho towor is nineteen leot square, on solid stone-work rising eight foot, surmounted with briok-work, in arched openings, carrying tho organ-loft, abovo which is tho belfry, in which is hung a boll the largest and best-toned in Queensland-pre- sented to tho church by the Hon. A. Macalister. Above the brickwork of tho towor, which is elevated somo sixty feet from tho ground, a graceful spiro, load-corored and with gilt vane fininl, riBcs to a further hoight of sixty-two feet, making a total hoight of 122 foot. Tho vestry is at the east end of the building," opening into tho main body of tho ohurcb, o» either sido of tho pulpit. Tho approaches aro by a flight of ten stone stops eight foot wide up to the towor entry, and there aro similar stops to tho two sido porches. The fittings of the interior oro of cedar throughout, tho seats having solid Gothic headed endB and open backs. Tho lobby entry is formed with Gothio_ headed, panol-work and swing folding-doors, with ornamental perforated fan- lights ; nnd over the lobby is constructed on organ-gallory, approached by a staircase in tho body of tlio lobby. The gnllory front is built with massivo moilldod and Gothic panel work and perforated spandrols' ; tho front also having ornamental standards, rods, and curtains, above which rises the organ-a handsome in- strument, in both strength and tono well adapted to the edifice. ThoJ lighting of tho churoh is oflbefed addition to the stand and brockot lights-by eight chandeliers, of chaste nnd appropriate design, Belected in Sydnoy by Mr. M'lntosh. The windows of the church aro yet incom- plete. It was originally designed to glaze thom with common glass, but an oflbr having been made by tho late minister of tho ohuroh, G.'M. Reed, Esq., te furnish stainod glass, an altera- tion was necessary, and the glass being ordered from England the rcquirod arrangements are made for a now system of lights and patent ventilation, also for a wheel window in tho east gable. The whole cost of this alteration will bo about £200. The church has beon built from the plan of Mr. Backhouso, and under his superintendence, by Messrs. Fnrloy, Ronny, and M'Hugh, builders. 'Tho size of the church is eighty by forty, and tho total cost about £3200. On yesterday ovening a soiréo, in commemora- tion of tho event, took placo in the School of Arte, and passed off plea'santly, though the arrangements could havo beon muoh bettor thon thoy were. At obout 7 o'clock upwards of 300 persons, principally children, sat down to tables which were covered with fruit ond odibles of various kinds, which quickly disappeared. The Rev. W. L. Nelson occupied tho chair, and on the platform wore several rev. gontlomen and others. The rev. chairman, after a hymn had been sung, delivered an address congratulating the congregation on the oomplotion of the sacred edifice, tho opening of whioh they woro commemorating, and which was far ahead of any ecclesiastical building in QueonBland. . It was a true Presbyterian building, plain, simple, and yet substantial. From what ho had seen during his stay hero, he boliovod that the dobt at present on tho building, though it might bo considerable, would with a little exertion bo speedily wiped away. He called on'Mr. Cock- burn, who road a report, showing a balance in hand of £64 Is. 6d. Tho Rev. M, M'Gavin said ho had a duty assigned to him which ho had great pleasure in performing. It was to move the adoption of the report. Ho agreed with Dr. Nolsonthat tho church was the neatest, most commodious, and substantial in the colony, nnd in fact all the colonies. He congratulated the congrega- tion and the paBtor of the church on its comple- tion, and concluded by moving tho adoption of the report. Mr. Smith seconded the motion, and said it was a matter for great sorrow to tho congrega- tion that their rev. pastor was unable to attend at the opening of the church or at that meeting through illness. It was to bo hoped that ero long,the Almighty God would bo pleased to re- store him to good health. Another matter for rogret was tho dobt on the ohuroh, but that was not BO veiy dark a cloud ; tho bright eyes of tho ladies were irresistible in collecting money, and ho trusted that the bazaar which would take placo hi Juno noxt would be a means of clearing off the wholo dobt, or at least raising such a sum that tho committee of management could easily monago tho rest. Ho thanked the meet- ing for tho hearing which they had givon him, a stranger amongst thom, and had groat pleasure in seconding the adoption of the report. The report was unanimously adopted. _ The Rev. Mr. Ogg, of Brisbane, thoa de- livered a lengthy address, in the oourse of which ho said ho wns now quite oshamod of the humpies they have in Brisbane, after visiting the splendid ohuroh they had orooted in Ips- wich. Ho sincerely rogretted tho illness of the pastor of the ohuroh, but bowns happy to hear that he was likely soon to be again in a good state of health, and able to return to his arduous duties. No doubt his ailment was that of being broken down by over exertion in tho labor of the Gospel. Tho rev. gentloman then reforred to tho missions to the Islands of Polynesia, and explained at length tho formation of the Coral Islands, especially the New Hobridos. He strongly recommended that ohildren should, in Ipswich, colleot for the Foreign Missions. Ho concluded by praying that God would shortly restoro tho muoh respected pastor of the ohuroh to his congregation. The Roy. Mr. Caldwell explained the pro Bent state of Prosbytorianism in Queensland, and stated that thore are at presont twelve con- gregations in connection with tho Church in the colony, and two of thoso aro without pastors, namolv, thoso of Worwiok ond Mary- borough. During the year thoro had boon fivo new ministers added to tho Ohuroh, aud five new congrogations had been raised at Spring- sure, Gladstono, Dalby, Roma, and that of Fortitudo Valley, Oxloy, and tho Bald Hills, the latter boing under his own control. Tho addition to tho Church had boon upwards of 61 per cent., for which thoro was reason to be thankful to the Creotor. Tho supply of ministers was quite inadequate for the work re- quired to bo done in the causo. Half of tho Presbyterians woro without any religious pastor, for it was impossible for thirteon ministers to attend to the , wants of upwards of 12,000 persons connoctod with the Churoh at present in tho colony. In order to supply the inadequacy, application had boon modo to tho home Churoh, and on answer was received stating that monoy would be for- warded to assist the mission, and that two ministers would bo forwarded, who would re coivo £50 per your from tho bomo> funds for tho first threo yoars of thoir labors in the colony. Ho oxhorted the' mooting to como forward liberally and mako same provision for those who are now spiritually unprovided for in tho colony. (Applause) The Boy. Mr. Lovo doliverod a long and spirited addresB in defence of tho principles of Presbyterianlsm, and in refutation of charges against it whioh were groundless. He reviowod tho Church from its foundation to the present day, and oxhorted all to true Christian foeling. He was followed by tho Boy. M. M'Gavin, on the subjeot of Church musio, the report of which will appoor in our next issue. Other speakers then addressed the meeting, which concluded with tho doxology and the bonediotion at about half-pftBt IO o'clock. Queensland Times, April 10. 