LATE EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. The Argus publishes the following telegrams front* the Malta Observer, October 30 :— Oab.lsb.tjhe, Oct. 21. — The Committee of the Chamber of Deputies has proposed to approve the treaty of peace, and to entertain a hope that the Government will endeavor to strengthen the Federal ties between Northern and Southern Germany, in order that German unity may be re-established, and that the integrity of the various states, to be guaranteed by the Federal Constitution, may be maintained. St. Peteesburgh, Oct. 22.— The nuptials of the Princess Dagmar with the hereditary Grand Duke will be solemnised on the 25th. Bucharest, Oct. 28. — The Russian Consul General was the only member of the consular body who did not wait on the Prince to con gratulate him on his recognition by the Porte. Bebxin, Oct. 24.— The treaty of peace with Saxony stipulates that the Saxon contribution shall be 10,000,000 scudi. Vienna, Oct. 24.— The Vienna Gazette says :— ' Like all the other Catholic powers, Spain takes a lively interest in the destinies of the Papacy, and has therefore deemed it proper to open ne gotiations on the subject. But as they had not the character of formal propositions, the Aus trian Government gave no reply whatever.' CoNSTANTrNOPLE, Oct. 24. — The Prince of Roumenia arrived in this capital, and was im mediately received by the Sultan. — A great many shipwrecks have occurred in the Black Sea. — Russian agents are passing through Roumenia and Bosnia. The diplomatic agents of France have received instructions to ener getically oppose every revolutionary attempt. jkio ubande, Uct. 1U. — Mejia has completely defeated the main body of the liberal army, under the command of Escobeda, who is at Monterey. Anarchy prevails amongst the various parties at Matamoras. Vienna, Oct. 26.— It is confidently stated that, consequent on the military convention concluded between Prussia and Saxony, the Austrian Government lias given orders for the augmentation of the garrison of Bohemia. Bucharest, Oct. 26. — The Russian Consul General had special instructions not to congratu late Prince Charles on his recognition. Venice, Oct. 27.— The final result of the Plebiscituni has been proclaimed ; 641,758 votes in favor of annexation, and 69 against. Great enthusiasm prevails. Constantinople, Ocf. 19. — The Turkish troops have possessed themselves of all the sup plies of the Cretans. London, Oct. 23. —The Greek Consul General has received an official despatch, dated the 10th instant, announcing that the Turkish troops advanced as far as Surba, and that the Cretans offered great resistance for four days, from the 9th to the 12th, and finally compelled them to retreat to Kerania, three hours' distant from Canea. Constaittinopie, Oct. 24. — It is the intention of the Sultan to offer the command of the troops in Candia to Omar Pasha. The intelli gence from that is unfavorable to the insur gents. Desperate guerilla warfare is going on. Constajstinople, Oct. 26. — A battle began three days ago, and was going on at the departure of the mail packet. The Levant Herald announces that the insurgents have obtained several ad vantages. The exasperation between the two parties is very bitter. [Translation i frqm V Illustration Paris, per Greville and Company, Renter's Agents.] In Austria the Snider gun, in Prussia the needle-gun, and in France the Chassepdt gun, engross more attention at this moment of peace than all the marvels so much talked of before hand about the Universal Exhibition of 1867. Who can therefore wonder that great interest is felt concerning the reorganization of the army ? It is asserted that three systems are being examined ; first, the Prussian system, consisting of forced recruiting without drawing for chance ?r without any other exemption than disease or infirmity ; second, the system of voluntary enlistments greatly encouraged by extraordinary premiums ; thir4- the present system modified as follows : — ^jreneral obligation to serve for all men from the age of 20 to 30 ; drawing chances by 000,000 men composing the active service ; the other forming a kind of Garde Mobile ; the time of service to be six years instead of seven. [Extracts from the Semaphore de Marseilles.] Leepsig, Oct. 24.— The Universal Gazette of Leipsig states that the Minister of Justice has demanded to be allowed to prosecute, as traitors to the country, several speakers of |he National party who have spoken publicly in the Central Hall, Constantinople, Oct 24. — The Prince of Roumania (Prince Hohenzollern) arrived to-day in this city, and took up his quarters at the magnificent palace of the Sultan — the Shore of the Sweet Waters. He was immediately received in a most gracious manner by the Sultan, who presented to him with his own hands the docu ment relating to his recognition. Rome, 24th Oct. — The Sanitary Commission of this city has discovered only 40 cases of cholera in 23 days. The greatest number of these has been ascertained as having taken place in the Hospitals of {he jjoly Ghost and St. John. Several other cases have been also found by other physicians in other hospitals. Paris, Oct. 26. — The Patrie denies that there is any truth, or even foundation for the reports as to a loan of 4Q milliqns sterling (un milliard.) VEtendard and La France add to the above that there is not the least intention to raise a loan either large or small. Paris, Oct. 25. — The Emperor Napoleon was well, and enjoyed himself for several hours at a grande chasse at Versailles. St. Petersburg, October 25. — The Caucasian and three ne.ighbqring provinces have been dis armed by order of the Emperor of Russia . 