Ä ItT./Ï A M E N T. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, . : ' SATDBDAT, Mxrtcrc 17. On our: going, to press oa Saturday morning: at 5 o'clook, tho Assembly had not adjourned. Ur. BUHNS : It was maintained on this sido of the, Houso that, if tho membora ot the ontiro Assombly were present, thoro would bo a olear majority of ono or two against tho roatora.ion of Stats-aid--(No, Yes)-and suoh being' tho oase tho rainorityipresont had a porfaat right to pre vont theacoidontal majority to force on a doci sion. Tao question must go boforo' tho country. There woro only two denominations anxious for tho restora- tion of Stato-aid, and ho questioned whether the majo- rity o£ tboso soots would bo favourahlo to it. Yot thp Bishop of Nowoastlo was against tho ro-oponing of tho question of. Stato-aid, nor had tho Bishop of Sydney intimated by petition any dosiro to this offset ; nor bad the Ohuroh of Boroo given any intimation.' Ho was, therefore, inolinod to think tho honorable gentleman <Mr. Macpherson) iud - brought this motion' forward without,authority,' and; to embarrass the Govornmont, or from faotious j and impropor motives; lie would ask.whother it was reasonablo thai tho quos tion of Stato-aid should bo forcod upon tho Ilouao at that late timo of tho session, when it was contendod by tho Government that thoro was not timo to bring in those* necessary moasuros that wore required so oarnostly by tho country; euoh measures as a new Municipalities Act,' a sohemo by whioh tho public burdens of tho people might bo relieved by tho reduction of taxation, and by otlior means. Whoa it was acknowledged that suoh important questions could not bs takon into con- sideration this sosslon, how could the House bo askod to deal with State aid. whioh ,in reality was 'Only an abfltrnot question after all, especially when thora had been no doajro by the publio to have State-aid io estab- lished. Even at tho lost gonoral election the question of State-aid was scarcely over alluded to. (At this time, twonty minutes past five o'clook, an'interruption took ' place by a driinkon ' man in, tho stranger s gallery, calling out " Cowper's Ministry, for over. Charloy Cowper for, eyor ; by G- I'll stick by. him'; Charloy Cowper for over ; I don't caro a d--, I'm for Charloy Cowper, and I ll dio by him, by G-." Tho mah was immediately oxpollod: by tho officora of the Houso/) Tho lionórablo member was proceeding, when Mr. Uart enid his conduct was disgraceful to representativo institutions! Mr. Burns'said he waa only.pursuing n constitutional course, and one whioh ho had osaistod tho honorable member in pursuing whon ho roprosontcd Bathurst .- lie must say, that ho had noror regrottod any aot BO much aa ho had regrotted that, in whioh ho bsd assisted,tho;honprablo member In dividing, tho Houso a hundred times on the most paltry questions. ' He should voto for the adjournment Mr. PIDDINGTON thought it was time to adjourn (5.80 a.m.) It was singular to find tho squatters sup porting,'this resolution. No, doubt it was tho objoot diafest to their hearts, after rocoiving as much os pos- sible'from, tho publio domain, to : endeavour to get moro in tjio form of religious instruction to their ?hephords andi stockmen. This .was tho second session of this Parliament, and now was tho timo chosen ? for bringing forward, this motion.- Tho component parts of this coalition woro well known, and that of tho flvo Ministers two'were in favour, whilst threo woro against Stato-aid. Ho, could not understand why the honôrablp tho Solicitor-Gonoral, a moro neophyte in tho Houso, . Should havo been so irasciblo on this question 'ot adjournment. To adjourn this doba,to would give .honorable members a better opportunity of .dealing with this quostion. With Tcgard to coalition Ministries ho had road sufficient of modern English history to know that a coalition Itiniatry once;existed in England undor Lord Liver- pool But that Government was formed undor tho condition that;tho .question o£ Catholio emancipation waa to bo , left open. lu that Administration Lord Eldon was for this measure, and Mr. Canning against. That was a great principle at issue ; but what would havo boon the result if that question had been intro- duced. . Whon a question of much less importance was introduced hore how was it mot?. Three members of tho .Government arrango .themselves on ono sido and two on tho otVor, and ono of thoso two takes upon himself tho task of robtiking'.his colleagues and tho other honorable members supporting tho Govern- ment forming the' minority. Nor could ho approve of tho coureo adopted by tho Promier., It would evi- dently load to a chango in our administration, and ho (Mr. Piddington) did not caro whether thia chango,took placo to-morrow or not. It was somewhat remarkable that.tho acoidontal majority- who hold, out with suoh obstinacy sboultl loavo nil tho dobate to tho oppononts of Stato-aid. Ho (Mr.« Piddington) had contributed to' tho return of sovoral honornblo gontlomoh who wore favourablo to State-hid, but. ho felt certain if those honorabla gentlemen woro ! to off or themselves now they would bo rojootod. Tho cry on which this Parliament was returaod was that of fros trido os* opposed to pro- tection. (Mr, EO'AW : No.) Tho honorable gontlcman know nothing about it. Tho majority, of tba members of this Houso, and a la>go majority of tho peoplo in this colony were opposed to Stato-aid. This was to bo a short session, and. it, was urged that no business ' was to bo, introduced that would impodo tho passing of tho estimates. .Even whon Mr. Cowpor proposed to go 'on with his Hunioipnl Bill it was objected to partly.because it was to bo a short ses- sion, and thoro was. nO timo to discusa' tho provisions. Yat'now,'.thoy onoouragod n hill that occupiod tho. attention of tho House, until six o'clock in the morning. This was St Patrick's pay, and tho Govornment hod proclaimed it a holiday, and ho submitted that, the debato should bo adjourned. Mr.,BUCH AN AN said ho was not enc of thoso who asked for sny adjournment, but was praparod to moot hiB oppononts in tho manner they had cut thomselves out for. Ho would now toll them plainly, that the Roman Catholio members of this Houso who supported Stato-aid, did. , BO at tho instigation of their priests-, (Mr. ,,;JSOAH: r.Bahl) By persisting in their efforts to tako this ;monoy. out of tho publio purso, thoy would arouso tho .Grange lodges of this city, and throughout this colony, against them. Whon this conflict took placo, would tho, Church, of England bo thon found as tho allies of tho Catholics? There was as healthy and as sound a principle of Protestantism pervading this colony as any in tho world. Aud thia Protestantism had boon insulted, grievously insulted, hy this monstrous attempt to snatch tho pcoplo's monoy from the publio Treasury. Whoever had watohod tho tone bf this dobate must, have noticed that passions of tho bitterest kind had boon aroused. Would not tho peoplo take tholr tono from this Legislatura T Would not tho passions pf tho peoplo bo aroused to au almost tenfold degree. - Would tho peoplo of this colony submit to bo robbed in ,this manner to support tho religion of others. Ho would caution them of tho ovil s thoy woro now instigating. They wtro sowing tho seeds of tho bit- terest and most dangorous religious animosity. This country was blest with a pleasant, climato, and naturo had hoon bountiful.. Wo had now a peaceful popula lotion, living in harmony ono soot with nnothor. Thoro was now a klndjy sympathy subsisting that was pro- , ductivo of good. But a olass of mombors ? of this Houso wera, ondoavouring to stir up religious ani- mosities, to place tho Protestant .and Catholic in array against ooah . othor. What would be .' tho re- sult f ,Tho batllo would not bo fought in this . ,Assombly, but . on tho Holds of this colony. Each man would bo found carrying his rayplvor and,dagger, and inquiring who was Pro« _ testant pr who Catholio. Tho heads dt those who had sot "this flame in motion would bo: forfeited, . Discord, : dissension, hatred, mnssaoros, would bo the rosult i This country, ronownod- for its religious equality, would beoomo tho')theatre of a religions, and exterminating ' war. HoraoB would bo dosolntdd, and tho cries of tho orphan and tho widow would be heard in overy part of ? tao island. Tho honorable gontlcman draw a torrlblo ploturo of tho desolation that waa likoly to follow if honornblo members : porsiBtod in sowing tho seeds of religiousdiscord among tho people. Ho oarnostly and eloquently implorad tho Houso not to persist in forcing this mensuro on, especially when thoro was fsr from n full House . Mw NEALE proposod tho odjournmont of tho Hoiiso. Many honornblo mombors and others connected with this Assembly had boon boro nil day yesterday, all night, , and it was a holiday, and lia thought tho Houso ought to consent to an ntliournmont until Tuesday Mr. FARNELL moved as an amendmont that tho HOUBO adjourn for halt an hour to ennblo honorable gontlomon to ROI a cup of coffoo. (Crios of No. Go on 1) Mr. DRIVER thought;thoy ought to adjourn. Tho majority was not noting fairly to the minority; who, whon.thoy had a majority a fowoventngs ago conso'ntod to an adjournment. It was now unfair and ungonorous not to be os courteous to tho minority, It was all vory well to wilt of adjourning when tho Houso wont Into committee. ' That courso would 'not bo' corisonted to by tho majority. Ho hoped tho Houso would consent* Jo the adjournment, so that both'iportios may bring up tholr full strength. '? Mr. HART was not sorry to find thosi gentlemen wliohad kënt'.tih. tho;dob»to'àll' úigV^'aSxPáijhig nd mlsorooordlnm. Tho ranks of tu'e'miriorlty wore getting tliln, whllo thoeo of ; ths-'supportors ot tho ^resolution weroistlll nt tbolr posts,',¡ , .... 'i ,,. ., ¡Mr. BUHNS said bo was prepared, to romain to any lcngih'of time. ; ", ; ;"' jl ' Tho quoBtion o£ adjournment wras¡ágnin'fput'nt "ton minutes to Bovon.nnd negativodby 24 .to 17. .: 'Mt. FARNELL moved; the . adjournment of, tho House for half au hour to onablo honorable mombors to got somorofreshmbnt.-: .''. ' ' . »; «*..".. . ¡Tho SPEAKER rulod that tbs honorable gentleman1 must spocify no timo. f. j. < .-, ,!?-<. ', ' 'Mr.FARKBLLthon moved tho adjournment of the House. ] He said his object was. not to prolong tho dis- cussion but to onablehonorable' mombors to get' somo 'refreshment;;,'ITo' had "boen in that' House' since olevon< ö'oloclc yesterday,' and ! required \ re-? 1 froshment He entertained strong views . on this question and wished tb axpross his, opinions, but hs thought tho intellects of honorable mombors wera not so cloar as they ought to bo. If they still refused, and it bocarao a quostion of physical endurance, he was willing to hold out till his strength fsilod him. With rogardto Stato-aid, ho would not enter, into the main quostion now, though ho much desired it; but lils mind was not as composed .as it,was some hours ago. Ho would mention a circumstance * that occurrod at tho islands in tho South Seas. Many missionaries were stationed on thosa Islands. lío had soon those missionaries. They woro of différant soots,' and'woro'. maintained not; by Stato-aid;' but by voluntary contri butions, i Those'.missionaries went to .,Christianise the -aborigines of, those islands. He .had boen among .tho 'Pitcairn islanders and' found thor wera "a quiet,' ' poacoablo, and" Qod-foáring people Ho' had boon ' on tho Marquesas, 'and' the îslandors there wore remarkable far thoir piety. He had boon to Tahiti, and a more roligious sect honorer saw. In fact thoy wcro moro rolgious than European popula-1 tidna, Ho had bean to Now Zealand, and ho had Boen Mr. Samuel Marsden, the . oldost of missionaries. Tho prinoiples of religion, woro strictly adherod to, and all this was ou tho voluntary principle. Ho would reid from- --'. ? ' ' '''", - Mr. HART roBo to a point of order, and submitted that, ss the honorablo gontloman had moved and spoken on the adjournmont onco, ho could not do so again. Ho road from the standing ordors in support of his view. ? ???'- ' - . . - ? ? ? - '.? ?'.". '..'? Hr. GARRETT quoted another portion of tho stand- ing ordors, and contended the honorable gentleman (Mr. Farnoll) was in order. . ' .'." '. '.' Tho SPEAKER said any honorablo mèmberwho bad spokon on tho-main quostion - oould not'speak again, but ho could on tho question of adjournment.., ; ; Mr FARNELL'oontin'uod : Ho sala it had boon, stated that there was a majority in favour of Stato-aid' in ¡tho Assembly. Suoh waa not the case. ' Tho con stituonoy of Queanbeyan always sent in a representa- tive opposed to Stato- aid. (Hoar.) Ho could, not help contrasting this Saturday morning with tho last, when they wcro going on a pio-nio with tho Promlor ;' and this being ' a holiday, ho should liko to enjoy, it os pleasantly. However, ho was remarking that, if the ! question of Stato-aid wss loft to itself, without agita- tion it would dio out Ho moved tho adjournmont of the debato to Tuesday. Mr. FORSTER said bo had not spoken on this quos« tion of 8tate-nid darinji tho wholo night, and ho, roso now with a hopo that tho debate would bo terminated. The contest, though carried on with a considorablo dogrpe ot warmth, was not very dignified. Ile thought the physical strength of honorable members and their consistency had façon fully catablishod; Ho did not eeo that the minority-would ba losing anything by allow- ing the majority to carry the mensuro, onothor stage. In a full House bo boliovod tho majority would still uo in favour of tho bill. This quostion was loft by tho Governmont as an opon one. It was of too much importance to bo loft in this manner. 'It would yet shako tho foundation of tho Government Tho quostion must bo sottlod by tho people Ho was strongly i opposed to Stato aia, and ho had tho ossurancobfa number of honorable mombors that if tho minority consented it would not bo advanced beyond moving it into committed, and ho hoped this would bo acceded to. ^ Mr. BUÛ HANAN" was opposed to every word tho last epeakor had uttered, though ho highly esteemed him.' Worn they to loso tho fruits of thóir labours of resisting i the wholo nigbt till half-past sevon o'clock ? He would I romain opposed to any further progross of this bill, and tho responsibility must fall on the majority who wished to coora) tho minoiity into aa unjust pro 'cocding. . , ." " i Mr; MACPHERSON thought the proposal of Mr. ¡ Forstor whs not an unreasonable ono. By going into committee no further to tion- would-be taken in tho rauttor to day. As this had not boon accepted, ho moved that the debate bo adjourned until.Tuesdsy noxt If this was not accepted, 'ho hoped tho majority who bad hold out so far would not relinquish their posts. Mr. BURNS justiflod tho courso ' pursued by the minority, and said, their objeot .was ; not to prevent the majority from coming to a Anal voto., He should usa his utmost bfforts to opposa this bill by overy legal moans in overy stago through which it might pass. Mr.:COWFER could not consont to tho proposal of thoj honorablo gontlornan (Mr. Forster). After waiting up nil night, ho was certainly not dlspbsod. to givo way to th« majority. ' What riarty should' givo way ? Woro threo members of tho Governmont to givo wnytto twoT (Hoar.) This was a mioation that was calcu ., latod to altor a considorablo portion of tho policy of tho Govornmont Ho (Mr. Cowper) had over' and ovor again to npnoar on tho hustings on this question. Tims altor timo ne had had to appear and givo his pledge. against State-aid. Tho boat courso would perhaps bo for tho'Speaker to allow on* interval' of two hours for refreshment ', Mr/PADDINGTON was also alittlo surprised at tho proposal of tho honorablo gentleman (Mr. Forster). Ho carno.hero quito refreshed, after a fow hours' sloop, trhilo'bthor honorablo mombors had romoinod all night. He thought tho honorablo' gentleman (Mr. Forstor) had assisted in bringing forward this motion, to porplox tho Govornmont. Ho (Mr. Piddington) must certainly admiro tho consistency with wmoh Mr. Cowper had noted In this-matter' (Hoar, hear.)' Whatovor his failings on other points mny bo ho had nailed his colours to tho mast, and ho bolioved that honorablo gentlomnn (Hr. ' Cowpor) would rather sacrifice ofllco twenty timos over than forfait his principios on this question. ' (Hoar, hoar.) And when a vote of want of confldonco was brought against the present Government in relation to this matter, thoy would know how to act . Tho motion for adjournment was again put (8 o.m.) and lost by 25 to 20.-' ' Crios ot Adjourn for half an hour. Tho SPEAKER ' said.'on a former occasion, the Spoakor retired at 7, and mot again at 10. It was necessary that a rocord of tho proceedings of this dábate should lie Itopt. ' The Clorks of tho Houso could hardly' bo nxpeotod to. koop paco with'tho. ropoatod divisions that bavo takon place, , Ho suggostod that an adjourn mont take placo.for four hours.' (Cries of No ! from both Bides;nnd Two hours is enough.), Dr. LANG though tt out of courtesy, tho Ilbuso ought to nocopt tho nrojiosnl of tho Spenkór. Mr. ISAACS ; said they cod ld not do bettor, than moot (to minority half way. Ho suggested llo'olooki Tho debato was thenadjournod at lu mlna.tos.past 8 to ll ojolpck.'. ". Tho Hsuso mot ngain nt ,.,ten minutes past oleven, whon thoro wore thirty mombors prosent, . On tho original motion being put by tho Spoakor, . : Mr. OATIJBY saldi'ho thou.'ht lt was timo tho debato should be adjourned' till some futuro day, to Itllow honorablo membors'ttrao for tho consideration bf tho matter. Ho boggod to novo that the dobáto bo adjourned till Tuesday rièxfc- ?? ? ¡' ?'<? Mr.- CUMMINGS would say .a 'few words, now tho Houso was in bettor tompsr than it WAS last night.1 Ile had novor heard since ho had1 boen a member of tho' Houso, such accusations"' OB ' lind booni lovollod ' against Roman- , Oatholio i mombors, ¡by his ' honorablo cotloaijoo ''(Mr. Buohtnan). ? Thd honorable gentlomnn' . linow - tho .. Githollo olorgy woro Used to insult, but neithor ho nor ' himself could bavo obtained a Boat In that Houso but for the in lluencoof thoso i reverend .gontlomon. (Hoar, hear.) But' ho had always objected to clerical influence in oleo tiona. (Hoar, hear.) Y The accusations and nbuslvo lan- guage of hnnornblo gnitlomon opposite woro a disgrace > to thom. - Tho inhabitants of this oourttry wore' most nooullnrly situated with regard,to .religious education. Tho country was so largo, and «so ieparsoly populatod that, without assistance from tho Govornmonttha youth of tho country'woiild grow up without religious and mqral training.). In Ireland tho Established Uhuroh was founded to support tho dignity of Its invaders,, A tithe systom was established to support that .establish- ment, but ho would ask WAS that i Ötnto-ald P ic^oar, boan)'. Ile dolled tho honorablo mombor (Mr. Garrett) to show that tho prinolplos'. woro coequal; ?Tho.ilndus . trtous farmer had lils tithos vnluod from 10s >. toflOs-nn- ? Tho systom aausod groat discontent nud misery. Ho |t lieltoVod lt was not prudout to refer book to tho dark I days oí niisomblo and misgoverned, countries. Wbat ' had Stoto.tild to'do'witU the pririolpies carried but lu' .England, 8obtland;'and Irdlaud ?^<(.yír: OiúnMi'Tih s^ms principio.) .; Tim moüoüof inotionuvaS' dlfforont' Ono croat reform had. taken'plaoo, qnd moa could -now i worship " Gojl , as .tli'oy pleqgod.^dloar, hoar.). liad thoy any clor«? horp suoh as tho Archbishop of Dan tor-' bury, or tho 'Bishop of London,-rocöiring'their £50,000 or ¿80,000 a year wrung from 'tho pooplo and doing nothing for it, (Iloar, hoar.) He found ¿clergymen in England ,;trying to .live upon.tho paltry tacoma of; £50 a your in connootion, with' tho church. With' rogan! to this colony, lt would bo found that ah' attempt had boon .made hore to establish tt'Stnto Ohuroh in tho days pf Bishop Broughton. Petitions woro sent.homo toi, wrest from .the pooplo tho ono-seventh of. the lands of Noiv South Wales as a gift to tho Ohuroh of England. It'wai this attompt that put a atop''to any other attempt msdo-to establish-a State Ohuroh. Hanger turontonod the liberties of tho people/and to guard against that, Sir Diehard Bourke introduced bis Church Aot, and tho. four denominations were put upon an equal footing with regard td numbers. At that time thoy, woro' a différant ; class of > nJen to what they were i now«':' ï£ thoy referred baok to the lotters and articles which appeared from the High Ohuroh'párty in those day's, thoy, would'see how ram- pant was bigotry and tho spirit of'.persecution.. Ho thanked hoavon thoy wera a dlffurSnt kind df mon' now. (Hoar, hear.) .Tho marah of ¡intolloat and their.libornl institutions,'yhad, taught tho High. Church party they could not carry out ' tholr principles. . Tho honorable arid rovorond mombor and his Honorable colleague (Mr. Buchanan) indulged in a-strain of ' argument scarcely justifiable. -'His i honorable i colleague referred to tho sayings and doings of eminent Catholic' divines in Ire- land against State-aid thora. Ho admitted tho Catholic elorgy rejected it.' (Hear, hoar.) He recollected that at tho Botanda in Dublin, thora' was a groat mooting to consider. tho effor . of ; tho English ~ Government Ststo-aid was offered, on condition that tho Popp should havo tho powor . of, nominating his bishops^ but that thoir nantes should receive the sane I tion of tho English Govorn'mcht before being installed. Tho Pope rejoctod the idea, and State-aid was rofusod. That was how tho Irish elorgy rejected Stato-aid. Hioy had boon Invited by.his honorable .colleague to peruse tho rocords'of England and Franco' in regard to tho. working of voluntary churches. But lot ' thom' look,to their own country. What had thoy dono in this city ? Honorable members would rcmomber that a short timo ofter the discovery o£ gold, it was thought necessary to augment tho stipends of the clergy, ' and par elorgy for tho gold-Aolds. There -was- a Rev. Mr. Palmer, stationed at Sofala, .and his : w.fo i opened a eohool. , Bishop, .Barker called ' a meeting in Sydney to .assist 'this clergyman, and .a fow pounds wero subscribed. But what was tho rosult f ' Mr. Palmor'had to - leavo tho station nt Sofala, for he could not got o living, even when'' his wlfo assisted , him .with a . school. In tho Lachlan country, . twelve milos from Forbes, ho knew a Mr. Brownrigg, who remained there throo years, till his clothes becamo threadbare: A guarantee could not' bo got to support this gentleman in his mission, and he had to leàvo it anti go. back to Albury.. Could honorablo members . point out'a clergyman living in tho interior by volun- tary contributions. Voluntary contributions hore, in this thinlypopula'.cd county, wera a dead lotter, and' could not bo carriodout If tho country woro populous, and the pooplo could support thoir clergy, ho would bo tho last man to demand State-aid., But ho dreaded tho result which must accruo from, tho moral ignorance and destitution now prevailing in tho.intorior. Was it true that thoy had portions of tholr rising population growing un without receiving,the sacrament of bap- tism? Had , they many ' noonie, living together.; as man and wifo and roaring families, bocauso thoy could1 hot get olorgymon to .colebrato the marriago rito. 'It was too true, and it was only by aiding thoir elorgy and sondlng them into the wilderness to preach tho gospel ot tho Lord to tho pooplo, that tho moral state ' of these pooplo. could be amended.' There was another question with regard to tho voluntary principio. Sup- posing all the denominations paid tho taxes leviod, thon thoir elorgy wera entitled to-support from tho State. > And what was.the difference whether tho monoy was handed over to hoads'of donoininationa, or giyoit by contributors. " What ' was : tho diffcronco' botwoou giving' it with' the right or lott hand, ' If .' it ; was . ' given - with/ a view to cnarity.' . Tho. money, wont into tho general fund, and that fund' went for tho elorgy and for.schools.. - Who wss Constan- tine? Ho was a Pagan.' -But tho spirit of divinity ' ontored into his .' bosom,' and at that time Rome'con- sidered herself tho mistress of .the world. And 'Constantine not'only gavo State-ald to tho clergy, but gavo a portion pt his own privato estate away, to con stituto soltoolB and build churches for tho worship of God. Ho ostablishodreligion.' ' Mr. BUCHANAN: Ha corrupted it. ¡ Mr. GUMMI.NOS: Ho corrnptod what ? Ho eatab lUhed Christianity. Was Paganism religion? Mr. FORSTER: Ye». Mr. CUMMINGS: But religion, of a rory doubtful character. It was bad tasto to refer to- tho bygono times of-.persecution. He invited his friends'in tho opposition to consider in their cooler moments, and thoy ' would seo that tho voluntary systom could not bo carried out in this country to any good for tho' remots districts. His honorable frioqd (Mr. Farnoll) had asked thom to go.down to the Fig! Islands, and thonca to Pîtnacreo, (Pitcairn's) Island, and soo tho oubot.of religion there. ,But religion there was supported froth, an . almost' ¡noxhaustiblá . fund-(" Exeter, HalP-p " State-aid") - from - contribution-(bear,1 hoar)-bût from ; a country.-. containing ? twenty-four ; millions of people. He dreaded th« ¡doa of tampering with religion -(near, hoar)-and ho trusted hoaorablo mombors would dissouss tho matter ia a calm. and moderato temper. '.? Let thom loavo all bitterness behind thom in tho chamber ; and moot ona another again as' they had dono before. . (Hear, hear.) . Mr. ltl'AN said ho knew of no man, at tho last gono ral eluction, who was askod a word about State-aid. Ho himself attondod thirteen meetings, and he was not at ono of'tlioso mobtings asked his opinion on1. State-aid. On tho hustings ' ho told tho poopto ho wash thorough anti-Stato-aid man. And that plodgo ho would carry out «3 long as ho could. Tho pooplo putsldo tho nouso ought to kno w ,w.hat thoy were doing thia day.. Ho did not bol ¡ovo any sect bad a right to moko a ohargo on tho Stato for religion. ' Thero would bo no end to ft. Thoy must, if thor, supported ono. support' another-Jews,. Chinóse, Unitarians. Tlioro was no end to it As for tho adjourumonti it was a question'of physical endu- rance.' Hp know ho had as good« constitution as'any mombor opposite. (Hoar, hean.) Ho would fulfil'bis pledgo iu -opposing Slato- nid. : The bnttlo was still fighting, and onward it sholl go. , Hq cared not what religión a man followed : ho would not quarrel ..with n man 'because he did not kneel at tho samo alter ' as ho himself did. I "A man's' -a man - for! a' that." (Hoar, hoar.) Ho' had saved,tho State-aid .mombors from, a count, out. It would take twolvó boura moro to wind up tliisquostlon of adjournment. ' (Mr.'Eqix: Oo on,; go, on) ,,Lnt thom 1 consent to tho adjournment ; and then havo a discussion on tho main quostion. If honorablo members would consent to an adjournment until .Tuesday,' thoy would discuss, tho main question ;'otherwise tho quos- tion1 of ndjournniont would occupy tho' wholo bf this day. (Mr. ' Muephorsou ' crossed tito Obamber, and whispbred toiMr. Ryan.) Wolli this wis'St;Patrick's Bay!; .and tho honorablo mombor was so candid ns ta say thoy would giro way.. (Hoar, hoar.) i;" , v ; Mr. 5f AOPHERSON,said ho was quito content, if it wore agrcod that this dobato toko precodonco oil Titos day. (No 1 Yos-after' a ' pause.) He, 'mevod na an ! amendment to.add tho words ' to taite procodoueo bf nil other business.". . .. ",.. . " Mr.' FORSTER roso to .order. ; Ho 'tbollovod tho, Spoakor had before' rulad 'that stioli an ambndntont could hot' bo put cm-ft motion . for dujo'urumortt. ' 'Tito-' amendment was not rolovant,; li ought to bo ^sub- stantivo motion. , !--¡-i''/j« . '?? > eil«--: ; Tho SPEAKER said he dfd: iotsoo tbat any order of/ tho Houso Was contravened bv'tho'broposod amendment, It waa ordered that On Fridays ordori bf tho day take' precodonco.- There was.nothing tb provont tho'.douse declaring, that any parUqalar prdor pf1 tho day, toko precodonco oh a Tuesday.:. .. ... i .'Mr.' FORSTER, objected,' pot to.'tho power of tho Houso to rrtakoöüoÜ'an order, but tó'tfio right'of an honorablo' ' member tö movo .'such a motion without notice.. On a dato occasion, ho (Mr.; Forstor) wai not allowed to movo that, tho ordor, of . business. bo altorod, withouthbtico." " ' Y"'"-"',\\.V.' ; , ., ' Tho SPEAKER said thb ofToot bf (his amondmont would ba to i givo this 'dobato procodoueo: tioforo tho ordors of; the day, but not boforo, i motions. < (Mr. FonsTBR : Hoar, hear ; I am satisfied.), . '. .. Mr. Mnophorson'a amendment was not socondod. . , Mr.'.'BUOHANAN Had ho Objoctlau'to tba adjourn-' mont till Tocwlay,' but ho 'ôbjooteîd to Us ¡toking pto. ccdonoo,,' Ho did,«oinordor td oallfittaution to ii vory impórtnnt, msttor connootod. wJtH this; dobato..,.Ho brought this forward,os n, ,',ground of objpotlou l«"tbo bringing this ;'tíúwtlbn prematurely boforo;. tho House.' Har would road from iUh9"'tWrdiEplstlo'ibfJPèt«r.''' (Ln tighter.) Tho SPEAKER mid lt HM iuwaslstent vrUU ' .practica «.and . Indecorous, to rend orovon to. quoto' tho ' "Scripturei in tho<1Iouss,'''- ? Besides, ona mbtiori for au ' 'ailjaurnrnonr, it wnVno't ln~àooô'rfanoo with,, tho' rulos i of tho.Houso to adduco .reasons, fdr a certain conclusion , .oh thomasin question. ; What an honorablo momber could1 riot'do direct!/,-ho, .was'not olio wed. to,'do in- directly.' v" "- . . ' ' ,. ! Mr. BUCHANAN said what ho wa« about to read would shaw tho .necessity of a Iongor timo for. con-' sldoratlon.'. i .«'-'.', , . . ! Tho .SPEAKER sold that was a mero , evasion of , tho rulo .of,tho House.-.: ? - t ? ' * ¡Mr. BUCHANAN said ths volunto ho had in his .hand .wis not tho Scriptures. By h noto by tbs trans- lator ho found that this " third epistle of Potar" was found by a wandering .monk amid the ruins of an ancient city. This first part was styled " tho Manner of living."- ; - ' ?? ." " \ Mr. 'icrUMMINGS rsso.to order. .This was an in fraction of, tho rights pt tho House. ., . . -, .... . [Tho. SPEAKER said ho already, expressod his opinion. It was'for tho, House to tolorato or not,'as they thought fit, ' tho reading1 of tho ' book.-; Ho (tho Speaker) could not see what , tho quotation of ! tho honorablo mombor could havo to. do'with, tho question of adjournment. . .;i ..... . - . ¡MT. BUCÖANAN said .thV'roading. pf this .quota* tion might' have tho effect of . bringing tho debato to on ond without adjournment ' ' ' ¡Mr. CUMMINGS asked who was the aúthór of tho ?book? ' . ? .' "?, . i Mr. BUCHANAN: 8¿',Peterv" ': '. , 'Mr. EGAN: The Speaker has ruled that tho honor . ab'e member, cannot rpad'it' ,'.'.' " .." Mr. BUOHANAN then read from the "Christian Baptist," vol. 2, p. 100, as follows '.rr ' Non you who aro callad and chosan to go fortli to all nations and awong all people, lu time present and urns to come, to preach, tho word, seo you lako to yourselves inarki, nay, many outward marka, whore by you shall ba known by men.. Dr you not called us meu ero cal Iud ; but be you called Papa Archbishop, Arohdoaoon, or Divine, or Itovoreiul, and Hight llovoroml, or somellko holy name ; so muy you'show forth your . honour and your calling. . . . i . . And lal your dwelling places be houses of splendour and edi-" fleas of coat; olid lot your doora be decked with piatas of brass, ned lot your namos, oven your reverend Utles, bo graven thereon! , so shall' lt be aa a sign, ?i Let your garments Tn which you ra'nistor bo gormante not ns the garments of mon, nolther let* thom bo " seamless garments woven throughout;" but lot them ba. robas of richest silk and .tobe« of tin» linen, of curious devisa and of eosuy workmanship ; and havo you robes of. black and robes of whfto, thatyou may chango tlx one for tho othor; so shall you show forth your wisdom and humility. . '? ' .'ii- ; ' Let your faro be sumptuous, not plain and frugal ns the fare of the husbandman-who tilla the ground; but llvo you on the nit of ' the land, taking " good hoed far tho morrow, and wherewithal ! you shall bo fed." - , > : . . :, And drink you of the vines of the vintage brought from afar, and wines of great price; then shall tho light of your spirits ba tho light of your countenances, and your faces shall bo bright, even as the morning atm shall your faces-glow in brightness ; Ultu ahull ' you show forth your, moderation sud your temporalice lu all tilings. Lot the houses lil'which you preach bo called churches, and let'thiiiM bs built In mnnnerof great ornament, without, ami . adorned with much cost within; with rich pillars and paints, and with Una altara and podestat), and urns of precious »Urtica and , eludís and velvet of scarlet, and vossels of silver. And let'thora bo rooms for the changing of robos, and places for the precious metala and mitres. , And let tho houses bo divided Into sonta for tho congregation,' and let evory mau kndw his own Beat ; add let tho Ural seats In front ol tho altar bo for the rich that i>ny by thousands, und tho nut for tho poorer that payby hundreds, Hud the last rar those thal/ pay by tens. And let tim poor mau altbelilud Ula door. And let tho seats be gnrulsbed with cushions and crimson cloth, and Uno velvet ; for, If tho houses ofplayen mid vain people, who .deal lu Idte sayings nnd shows of mockery, be rloh and gorgeous, how much more so should ba the houses that are dedicated to HIUi "that is meek and lowly of spirit?" - ..' When yon ga out to choose haly ones to be ofyour brethren, and . to mluUtor al ilia aitur, choose you froai among UioyouuVovou those whose judgmbuts ure not yet ripe, and whoso hearts know not yet whoihor they luulltte to Uod or mammon, . , Hut you are wise, «nd yon shall khow the lnollnlngof tlielr future, spirits, and you shall maka them hiollnu to tho good things which tho church has In 'store for them that are culled, oven tlioso that ..shall bo called by you. ??. ' . Then shu!! you have them taught, exceeding many things. They shall not bo ns " Ignoraut nshornien," or hiisbandmou.or ineu apenklug ono tongue, and serving Ood only hythe knowlodge of May, you shall mnko thom wise lu tho things of your wisdom ; ' yen, exceedingly cunning lu many mysteries, even tho mysteries which you teach. '^hen-shall thoybo-lUtod forthe" laying on bf-bands," and when tlie bishop has done Ids ofllco then »hull they bo reverend divino». . l]ul If any man believe that he. la callad by God to speak to lils brethren " wlUtont nionoy and without prlco," though lils soul bo bowed to the will of tho Kalli or, and though ha work all righteousness, - and " speak aa with tho tongue of an ' angel." lt he bs not mada a divine by your miora mid'hy the bunda of a ' bishop, then U ho not adlv|uo, nor aimil ho preach. . .. .Ile that ls cholon by you shall givo you honour, and shall be honoured by mon, dud honoured by wdineu í und vorily ha expects lil»'.reward. ? . / 1 ? ' ¡" .When you go to th» church lo preach, go not by tho retired woy where go those that would shun tho crowd, but go in the highway wboregn til« multitude,-and nee that you have on Ute roiiasof black, and luke'heed that your paco ba measured well, nnd that your marah bo stator.,' . . ' . . - . u, . , Thou »hull youri" hearts beelined'up," even as tho hearts of mighty men shall they bo lifted up. And you shall be guzod upon hy tho multitudor'and thoy altall' honour you ; uml tko won shall prulao you, ana the woman shill glorify you, avon by Uio.woiuon shall you bo glorillad. , .-. ' > -? ' Aim when yougo In go not as tito ordained, prepared only with n soul lo God, and with a heart to mon, and a spirit llllod with Ibo Holy .Ghost; but go you willi your pockets mil of pupers, and fullofdlvluo words; oven In your pocket*, shun your divin- ity be. . ;.,, ','.:' . And lot your sermon be (Uti of "tho onllèlng words of inuit's vrUdoni," and lat it bo booiltlllod .with Juat divisions; With tropos, and willi metaphors, sud willi hyperbole and iipostrouho, mid willi Inlef rogation, und willi iicclumnllon, and with tyllug'sins, and 4 willi sophisms, and throughout lot doolsmatloii be. '.' And uko good hoed to your attitudes and your gestures, know : big when to betid and erect, wlton to lift your right liundnndwhen .your h>fl,arid lot yourrnotlotis bo gracoml, evou in your atUtudon «nd In'youf Bosiurasletyour grace be. 'Thus shallyou boploaslnit In tito ey«» of tho people, and gruosnilln tlieir sight; : . . r ket your volco at limos be smooth na the, stream of the valley; nmlsbft aa the braóso that waves not tho bough on its bank; and at limes let lt »well Ilks lliq wave of tho ocean, or like tba whirl- wind ou tho mountain top. ' . - \--. Thou shall lyouehnnn the oarsof your litaron, and their hoarin shall be softonod, nud tholr. mlpda sholl bo astounded, and Iholr souls shall Inclino to you ;' dud tho mon shall Inclino to you, and llkowlso tho women ; yon, to your sayings and to your portons ?hall they be iucllned. . ? _ And be you mindful not to ofletid the people. Itebuko you not Ute lr alas ¡hut when yourobuko sin rebuke Hat a disunion, and lat Doman apply your sayings to lils own caso, so ahull bo not bo offended. ;J .If a brother shall ralsa up tho halinor of war against brother, and Christians against Olirlatlaiis, lebuko them not; .but bo ?onie of you on tho ono slilo and Momo on llioother; and tell tho one host tlinl Dod ls ou piolr aldo und tho other host that ho ls on tholr Bide: no moko thom bold to kill. And eran utnoug swords and lanoeU let your black robes bo aeon Proaoliyou not, " roaöo ou earth and goodwill lo men," but preaeh yon glory tq the, viator, and.vlatory to the bravo. \- If anyinaugolnto a foreign land and selr.o upon tile fallow man,iiud puts iront otihlsfoetand irons on bia hands, amt bring him narota,the groatileop lntobondago. nay, If be tearaautidor tho doareat ties of nature, tho tomlorest loaguoa or Ute human heart. If ho t eur tho wile from tho liuabund, and force tho strug- gling infant, from .Its mother's bleeding .breast, robttka him not. ''' . And although'ho'soll thom In forolgn slavery to toll baneatli tho lash all tliolr days, tall him not tlt.t lilt doings aro of Anti- christ: for lol ho lsríchand glveatothaehiireh,"nnd ls esteemed pious, so aimil you nut olibnd him, lest peradvamura ho wlüidra» lilumidf iVuin'yuiir flock, Touch thom to ballovo that you liavs Hie caro of thelr'sbiils, und that tho suvlntf luystorios uro for your explaining i and when you explulu your mysteries, onoompaas them round . about willi words ns willi a bright vail,to bright that through lt iio man ann BOO. ,. . ,. , . ,. , ! . , , ? ¡ And lol youahallolnalhojudgraontaof won, (andmore ospo. clnllrofwomgii,lan nitlinbatidoflron; and you shall maka thom blind In tho inldntof llglit,,eyoii as tho.owl ls blind In Ute noon Iduy HUH ; and behold, you «nail lend them euptlvo to your rovo raiidwllls. ... ' ' .; i ., " In ul! your gotllugu','got rooney I Now, therefore, wlionyou go forth on your ministerial Journey, go where thora uro tllvor and gold, and whero, ouoh mau will pay tiocording to his measure. Kur verily I say you must get your rmvunl. Oo you uotfinli as thou .that havo boon tout, ".without two ooiiu, wlllioiit gold orsllver.ar bras» lu Iholr pursea; wltliuuLsorlp for their journoy, or shoos, or staves)" but go you forth lu tho .good things of tilla world.! ,i i , .-. , And whan you . shall hoar of n aliuroh that la vacant and has'iuo one 'to preach therein, Uien be Ural II will to you, and bo you mindful of the cull, aud take you charge nf tho Flock thereof, und ot the flanco thereof, ovou of tho golduu tteeco. . ' . And when you shall havo llooood your Hock, and shall know of unoihoi-oull, und If tho lluek ' lie^gruator, or l uther, If the Mooee bagrautoi', Uion greater bq alto lu you tho call.- Tliou »hullyou, luuvo your old Hook, and of. tho now Hook ahull you take tho ullnrgu.. :u ? i ! '? *>' S " ' '' ...'l'hune- who have ".freely rooalvod,"Jot tiltia,', freely give," and Iel u.M.*men lmvoyuurwonls" wlthtnltrnoiioyiiorwlilioutprloo," bul bin-gain you, (br. hundreds' and bargnlu fiir thuiuulnds, eveu fur UinuKuiids ol tllvor mid gold aimil yoit bargain. ... ? And over u'ud aboVo tho prleo for willoh yon luivo sold your sor-vlco, take you. also gifts, nud .bayou mindful to rotuna noho, suylioj, !' I*! I hure iiuoiigti I" hilt rooiilve gifts fruin thom (lint go lu olinrlots, i hud from thora that feed ¡Hooks, and from tllèiu that tara thulr monal bylho »weat of their brow., Voa, tulio yôu girts of nil, und take them hi gold, and In silver, and lu'bread; .'lu nina and' lu'Oil, lu raUnont and tu lilia linen. ' And (ho more that Ilia people atvs yon, tho moro will thoy honour you, for thoy shall iwlluvo dint'. iii giving u> yun they m o giving Ul Ute lord," for "bahold thulr aimil shalt ho Uikeu from tlietn, und tli»T ahallbo blludas bats,'aiid "shall know nut n|mt they dq,'i t :,U ,, I, , " ' i i ,? And''ynu'shall wat richer mid richer, and grow greater nud gmuu-r, nud yon shall bs lined up lu your own eight und ex ullfillii tho ayos of the multitude, and hiera shull un no, longue Ililli)* lu yourslghtw 'And verily youluweyOurrowurd. ' ' , ' ¡;-JUi'dolng thesethlngayottstialt iieypr fall. And? mny abundaneo o' gold, md silver, and bank notes, aud corn, mid wool, mid Ibu, alni Spirits, mid wine, mid laud bo multiplied to yutl, holli, now »ml lieraaliorf vAmen, ,j , |i , , (LàdghÎpr."J ¡ '. ... ' , ,, ,, ' Ur. LAÑO said ho coutil cortlfy thai th is.wau a spurious produottoh, nud a ïorgory,mid not writton for DOO years af tor tho timo of tho apostles. .':*'' ...,Mr.,4iU01IANANi,Tlits hook was ; only oxoludod from tho,canon by Ä majority of ono In tho Oouuoll of Nlctji'nml that ond was u'Suite-aid man. (A lau«h) «?ïheÛlbùso thoh'úWldod ori!,tho .riuo8tl6n<i*tllotr thl debite be adjournod tiUTuosday next,.which \YlUcarried ou tits followiug. dtïisloa: " ! ...,»;; ..i-;. ...vr-Ayci, 22.it .-vMti iwJ.: MrV JInrt";.1 ».> "-itr/Oayby, '/; ./,;, ;Mr; 'Farriôjl ','"';?''. ! I ^'Sutherland ' 'Morrice' .,'" , Buchanan., ; r( Purk«».,....'. .. -Macleay -.? .i'j'-Nonio " ."" , i --Eigof; <-'í, "Maté*';",' ' V1 Caldwell , .'.jCtowppr.Dodds,';,¡"-. " .'. , Burns-',." ' .'Piddington Byan . > ? Garrett . ¡ Forstor ?.. Osborne , Byrne's. - , Dt/iMái »:.«".!:.\ ". -"" . ;.'v. I.: .(,:.., . .Noos, 17. - - Mr* Martin . ? Mr. Forlongu '. Mr.' Ounheon '¡ : ? j . DB 8alis ' Egan; . ," ^ ".,,'.,.Torry '.' 'Isáaoa'. ""'," ..""."lis» .*.', .. Hurlny... ; , :,Donnolly -White . .; Macpherson j 0ummings :' "Piókoring ' ' t ' Josophson. '' : Dignam , Cooper' Y' . 'Tho donata was, thoreforo. odjournod till Tuesday. . j On tho motion ot Mr; MARTIN, tho Houso'thora tipon odjournod nt two ¡minutos beforeono p.ui. until, throe o'clock on Tuesday next , i. ' ¡ PADMKOTOX MuxtcirAuxr, MABOU.."th.-A. 'roost- ing of couuoil was hold at 8 p m.- Present-the Chair- man, Mr. Bobort Irodalo,' and Councillors Artlott, .Taylor, M'Coy, Ponfold, Dean, Joyner,, and Smith. Minutes of preceding meeting read and confirmed. Correspondence road-To tbs Oriental Bank, forwarding autographs of chajrmau and treasurer ; .to the auditors, Mossrs. Konnoth" Stewart,, and O.' B. ' Ebsworth, con- voying tho thanks of--tho counoihfor tholr services 'during tho past year; to the Itogistrar-Gonernl, stn-, tistios ; from Mr.' ibilston.'oomplnining of stoppago of yard draiu by tho now korbing in Caledonia street'; from\ Charles St -Julian, Esq., a oircular on municipal' conference; from Mr.-» WV' M'Donnoll,J forwarding; municipal petition ; from Mr Bedniond Barry and J. G. Knight, Esq., with bills and documents roferring to proposod intercolonial exhibition, in August next, nt Melbourne, lloports -Tho deputation to tho Mayor of Sydnoy, on water . supply, .' reported , ,' their favourable rccoption-that ? .before the mains wera laid applicants should slgu the' requisito bonds-that tho engins formerly in uso had. boon resorvod front salo for the purpose, of supplying tho uppor lovols of Paddington and surrounding district from tho reservoir should thero bo applications sufficient to' covor tho interest of outlay. Tho flnanco committee reported, recommending poy mont-of aooounts, amount- ing to £17 L Sê, 7d. The works committoo renaitcd, recommending .call for tendon» for tho. érection of a rotalnlng wall in Gascado-etroot, and water , table and rough gutter tu bo formed in Thorno-street. ' ltoborta rocpivod. Tho Ohnrman, aa 'Into troaauror, !roportod ; having drawn chequee during the interim of meetings for account» amounting to £140 Gs 8d. Tho Treasurer reported that since his oloction ho bad issuod cheques for aocounts amounting to £37 4s. 8d Reports adopted. Tho clerk, as pro- toro. ' ovoi* soer. repirtod tho completion ; of ropsirs, to William-stroet, Uudorwood-Btrcet, McGar.vio- atreot, Elizaboth-stroot, Shadforth-stroot, and - sundry gutters. Ri'port recelvod, Miscellaneous.-On motion of Coun- cillors M'Coy and Artlott, ' tito Works committso woro crs'powored to employ arid discharge'all labourers and o ir tors. Councillor M'Coy moved that ths carlon wagoe bo 10s 'per diom. Motion seconded by Councillor ,Doan, proforma- Debateensuod, whenanamondmont, moved by Councillors Artlott and Smith, that the wages balls., was carried.' "The committee of general pur- poses wits authorised td pnrchsio four chairs. On motion of Councillors Artlctt'and Joyner,* tho Choir:' man was instructed to anter, tho council's protest against tho proposed alignment of tho New South Hoad Road from tho bridge, ,to"~~M'Lean-8tront. Mr. Ralston's .-lotter " was refsrrod to , tho com-, mitteo ;o£ ! works. ! ¡The oonsidoration' -' of tho municipal i and- . intercolonial . corrcspondenco was postponed. Tho report, of works, brought up on. tho 31st of January, yvas adopted.' Councillors Artlott and' Joyner, * moved-That*' tho' clerk "bo appolntod surveyor, overseer,- «nd dnspooior'of nuisances,1 at a salary of £40 por annum. Amendment.'mated by Councillors MlCoy and Taylor-That a practical ovor soer and inspector of nuisances bo advertised .for. Debato ensued ; amendmoht nut and carriod. Five notices o£ motion wera handod in. Orders of tho day : Tho chairman brought up a report from tho committee of ! tho - wbolc, on - expenditure -for tho " muni- cipal year ; proposed* i expenditure, ,£1055. Report adopted bu motion'' .of ". the chairman ana Councillor Artlott- Mooting dosed. March 14,-A meeting was hold- this - day,' at 8 p.m. Present- tho Chairman, ' Mr. lt. Iredale, and Council- lors Taylor, M'Coy, Penfold,-Peate, Dean, and Bmlth. Minutes' ' of previous mooting. read and confirmed. Corrcspondonco read. . The ; Chairman roportod-That, in company wun mo momoor lor Jt'uddingion, J. Sutherland, Esq,, ho had au interview with the Minister for-Lamls lu reícronoe to tho alignment o£ tho now South nuad Road, tho result of. ' whioh is that tho doputy Survoyor-Gonoral is to meet him on tho 'ground on Tuesday noxt, at ll a.m., and sueh other partlos ss ara directly intorostod os may bo present. Tho finance committee reported, recommending payment of cortaln accounts, amounting to XII 3s M. Report received The treasurer reported haring, Binco last mooting, issued ohoquos for puymont of accounts, amounting to £.20 Os. Roport adoptod. ; Miscollancous : On motion of Councillors .Tudor and M'Coy, tho sum of £0 was awarded to tho clerk for. extra sorvico as temporary ovorsoor. Motions: On motion of tho Chairman and Councillor Taylor, tho flnauco report of tho 7th instant, was adopted.. On motion by tho same, tho report of doputation to tho Mayor on water supply was adoptod. . On motion by Councillors Taylor and M'Coy, tho works report of tho 7th instant was adopted. In tba absence of Councillor Artlott, Councillor M'Coy moved-That a month's notice bo given . to the' ovor- soor, that his services ns such aro no longer roquirod by this council. Seconded by Councillor Taylor, and car- ried. On motion of Councillors M'Coy and Tenfold, the clerk was appointed ' to asitss ' the various properties," muko accessary . alterations in and ro-wrlto tho assessment book, and that tho rata for' tho present municipal year bo ono shilling in tho £, nud collected in ona'amount. On motion ot Councillors Smith mid M'Coy, tho works oommlttoo woro instructed to roport upon korb and Suttor in Dowling-strcot, from Oliuroh-stroot to boun arv lino, and also tho Eastern sido ot M'Loan-atreot. Orders ot thc day: On motion of Councillors Taylor I and Peate, tho Chairman and Councillor M'Coy woro i appointed to represent this counoil at tho projected municipal oonferonco. On motion of Oounoiilors M'Coy and Taylor, it WOB resolved that it bo advertised that all persons residing within tho''municipality who aro willing to scud nrtiolos to tho Intercolonial Exhibition do forward the esmo to the OJUnoil-ohambers, for transmission to Mslbourao by tho oouuoil. On motion of Councillors . M'Coy and Taylor, tho counoil resolved into a committee ot tho whola, to oonsldor applications for the situation ot over- seer and inspector ot nutsancos. Sixteen toaders wore opened. Af tor some discussion on- tho merits of sovoral applicants, and an oxpressod desire pf sor oral oounoiilors that tho duties of' inspector should bo sajiaratod from thoso of ovorsoor, the further considera- tion of tonders was postponed till next insotlng. Counoil rosnruod, olia! irwin reported, four nolloos wero glvon, and business cloicil, .," '..'':, MUNICIPALITY of RANDWICK-Tho usual fort- nightly meeting took plaoo on tho 1-lth instant. Present-Tho Chairman, and ' Coun- cillors ' Moore,. X ' Fcarco, .and Watkins. Tho minutes ot tho previous meeting having been con- firmed, aclraular was read from tho Balmain ooramitteo for tho ostensión pf municipalities in Now South Wales, tho rooolnt of willah tho clerk was directed to acknowledge. Tito following accounts wera passed, sealion A, Globostroot, £11 7s ; Powor and 1 ranees streets, £1 6«.: gonoral expenses, £4 -is. Od., and Com- mission on oollootlng rates, £10. Total, £39 ICM. Dd. Tho'Chairman having reported tho result ot an inter- view with tho honorable the Minister for Lands, re- specting tho proposed road to Paddington, it was moved hv .Cottnclllpr J, Pearce, and seconded by Councillor watkins, that a lotter bo written to. tho Minister, for Lands, requesting him to causa a now road:to bo surveyed and proclaimed from tho intersection ¡of Avoca and Orango strcotsto 1'addington, in ; llou of - tito former proposed road, as shown on tho Government lithograph of tue sales ot 1803, in order td avoid interfering with tho original Sydney, waler roibrvo. It was also resolved that an 'application bo ninds to liavo this municipality inndo into a separate district for registering births, deaths, atid innrrlogor, and 'that tho council derk bs recommended to' tho ap- pointment ol registrar."," A',' roolutlcm for a call et tho full 'oouuoil On tho 2811i Instant, for tits purpose of going into tho estimates ot tho ourront year, was put and passed. Ooifuojllor '.MoorcV motions wore, at lils request,,, postponed till noxt 'mooting, and Councillor Podou's lapsed in oonsr-qttonoo of hts nbsenee, Tho following notlcos of motlori were given i-By Councillor Wstklns ,- That. Oownor-stroot bo surveyed preliminary io firming, the samo, from tho "frenchman's Road to Baiitjwlok Hoad. ByCfluttdllor James Pearce-That OUuroliistroot bi surveyed, and that tho' cost of forming saidBtrcet bo estimated. Tho coaaoll thoa adjomutid to thoäätUlusl&uU; 