' f Cp Amongst the Boers:: ' A. SWEXSMAIT'S EXPBMENCES IN SOUTH . " "^ AESICA. . ?J.iW ....:#. T SIFT' IYFC;: :I ii ; '? Wertindfoitjg -Was'ttB;Ibveljr k' specimen of '' peep o' day '' as erer gladdened the heart of fnin^enfjl if "thel^A^dmlier light |wiog" Ms,' .p^engftgeA jn, 'fhil, * dew, ' it'Svat simply becanse there did not jUttfe rtfedfrw^: ii«;:P£«ti(JriJy eud to Bing at 'Hhe <^ot «:ILan. The takes tto nime'/ropi! tond Iter Wn^Ksbeig-Hwy) ^^fc^ffdotfcwi taowMhityldtyw g»ro«»iih9*iieafof4ttoTuiB t)tttedQiAia!ble/J«Wr" : say) than __ _" " *' Vould eWftTTiaye been driven ^SA . uf.t "J «? ' - e, "b<rtl«driA" wihtitorwa ? uijw «Mst fwiik, hirffly pM ratofap to % :*mp[i$p6d»a?# '"UikvWA. kta^tfttioutiii roimiiuiy9: i°*8gfol& Wfofeiitfcm. S&tufllwf;'fftefi&'M mvMi totofW combs. However, "necessity is the mother of invention," and -our inventive powers being called upon, we managed, in the abienceof the proper tools, to give our nags a very good tub dotra with wisps of heather, aud a final Eolish over with the tent peg-bags. I have itherto forgotten tosaya wordor two with regard to the game we had come to chase; and as my readers, most probably entertain the idea (from what I have written in former chBpterB of this sketch) that we hunted the springbok jpwre et simple, I Will now tell them, as I would have done before, that afull-groym springbok is too fiut and enduring to £e run down by any dog of the greyhound tribe, and consequently the hunting season takes place at the time of yetfr wHen the /ourig fawns are in abundance. When I say that a fawn can run very strong when only a week old, and that when a fortnight or three weeks old, one can gwT'aTtwfiTdr'Thft^e^"Mile^tehivey** at ricing pace, it will be eeen that our sport was not 60 contemptible as the term "kid hunting" might make it appear. At seven o'clock we were mounted; a shrill call from the master's Bilver whistle brought. the hounds round his horse, and we were off, men, horses, and hounds, " all eager for the fray." We have not to solar before " the fan of the fair" begins. SeeT there he goes! He jumped out of that little patch of furz^. A yell, a crack of the whip, and we are fairly under way. By Jove! he's a .slapping fine fawn ; a good three weeks old if he's a day. Tooi! Nimrod, rattle him up! good dog;! Oh, crimini! what a pace we are travelling at,; to be sure! There will be sundry pabs of " bellows to mend" if this lasts muchlonger. ; Hang-it-all ! thereVanother fkwnon 4"oot, arid . some of the tail hounds are preparing for a ! little diversion on their own account. Whip 'em off, Ralph! whip 'em off! by all. that's blue, whip 'em off! Well done, old boy! You're the pink of gentlemen whips, and no mistake! There's a fellow gone to grief; his horse has put his foot in an ant-bear bole, and sent his rider a regular "flyer." All right, no bones broken, and he's up and at 'em again. There are not many nags to the front now, and a couple of chargers in the front rank show that commissariat oaten forage is better stuff to work on than the grass in a farmer's paddock. Hullo! "it's all over but the shout- ing." The buck has dropped dead beat, and that run is over — three miles and a half, tail on end; Not bid for a kid, not by any means. Four or five bursts like the one I have juBt endeavoured to pourtray, a few merry courses after good stout hares, and a regular rattling gallop Jafter a steinbuck, which just when we thought we had him' saved his venison by tsiking to the thipk bush at the foot of the Tantjesberg, fully occupied our time until noon, when our inward monitor having intimated to us in the most unmistake able terms that at that time of day, " tiffin" would be the " correct thing," we took the hint, and turned our horses' heads towards the camp. To be " as hungry aB a hunter " is so very old a saying, that a discussion as to the date of its origin would offer a very fair field to the Royal Antiquarian Society; to be the possessor of the amount of hunger required to properly carry outfrhe idea is easy enough in frosty, foggy, Old England; but to have an appetite (to say nothing of a digestion) with the thermometer at 90° in the shade is quite another thing. It therefore speaks volumes for the healthful nature of active exercise in any climate, when I say we arrived at the camp, not only with excellent appetites, but with what "massa bones" would call capital " drinkatites" also. The debris from the evening's supper offered as good a "tiffin" as mortal could desire, and Bass's elixir vita fiowedin abundance;but as the sun had rendered that exhilarating beverage nearly hot enough to shave with, its effects upon the heads of the company were pf so somniferous a charac ter that very soon the tent contained an un rivalled and .varied assortment of "sleeping ? beauties" in top-boots. People who have not lived in tropical climates have no idea of the luxury of a real siesta, but look upon it as a piece of confounded laziness, only worthy .of Neapolitan laesaroni; ? but a mid-day sleep, if for only hulf-an-hour, is, I believe, an excelleint restorative in those cli mates where the heat, to use a slang expression, " takes so much out of a fellow " that to divide one day into two is very good policy. We lay in a dreamy, don't-care-a-rap sort of way for about half an hour, when an apparition-and, withal, a slightly drunken apparition-ap peared at the opening of the tent. The appa rition was not a walking ghost, but a speaking one, and soon awoke us all by a lengthy speech, copiously illustrated with uncouth gesticulations. The oration itself was slightly unintelligible, as it consisted mainly of " ver damm," "eoielm," "springassie" aud "mijn landtfrom which wo gathered that our cbolerioBoteaccused us of being "condemned scoundrels, and coursing jumping- hares on his land." The idea of a fellow owning land on the " boundless p^fri^erV We got rid of our friend by adopting a line of conduct which I now recpmmpnclto. suoh of my readers as may at any time be placed in a similar fit." We lay down add dr^mily listened, without speaking a word, untU'jmynbeer's peroration was fairly spun out. We thton offered him a glass of beer, whioh tie'" waj; much too warm to refuse; and upon £re&i;«jmptoms appearing wo to peated the idols,' otaly instead of giving him beer we administered strong Tum-and-water, which, com)#^d w»th .warmth of temper and heat of the aun,«ifeotually quieted him. ' At four p.m. tei^ts, mounted ipur horses, and wended ^fyr'wfcy back to Gra&ff-Reinet.; Thus endeditbe Solliest day I ever spent in my .life. :i"' ' ' ' " ' ' 