ST. STEPHEN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH The new Presbyterian Church, Ipswich, was opened for Divine worship on Sunday last, by the Rev. W. L. Nelson, Moderator of the Queensland Church, who conducted the morn- ing service, and read the dedication prayer, which was very beautiful and impressive. A very eloquent sermon -was also delivered by the same gentleman, who chose for his text the 17th verse of the 14th chapter of St. Paul to tho Ro- mans-" For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink ; but justice and peace; and joy in the Holy Ghost. The organ was well played by Mr. Blow, and the singing excellent, and a very great improvement on what it was for- merly. The ovoning sorvicosworo conduotedby tho Bov. M. M'Gavin, who also proacbod a very impressive sormon from the last clauso of the 7th voi so of the 60th chapter of Isaiah-"And I will glorify the houso of my glory." The ohuroh, whon Hglitod up ns it was on Sunday night by numorous lamps, presents a very im- posing appearance. Tho music and singing in the ovoning was also very good. Tho place dur- ing both services was crowded, and we presume a very handsomo collootiou was mado. , Tho new church has been built on tbo same grounds and partly over the same site on whioh the old church stood. When it was rosolvod that a now edifice Bhould bo erected, it was not long until the active members of the church had inaugurated the necessary working committcoj and after roeeiving designs from local and. Brisbane architects, that of Mr. «T. Backhouso, arohitect and town survoyor of Ipswich, was aeooptod. Tho style of tho building is plain Gothic. It is built with frccstono foundations and baso ; tho walls of l8 inch brickwork, 21 feot high, and having Portland cornent dressings to angles, oponings, copings, ond tower. Tho roof is open-timbered and slate-covered, tbo main timbers coming down with cut knees on to internal corbols. Tbo intorior is plastorod in imitation of stono, and is lined 4 feet up the sides with cedar dado, plinth, nnd capping. Tho tower at tho western end faces the town, the ground rising from it to the east end of the church. The base of the tower is nineteen feet square, on solid stone-work rising eight feet, surmounted with brick-work, in arched openings, carrying the organ-loft, above which is the belfry, in which is hung a bell the largest and best-toned in Queensland-pre sented to the church by the Hon. A. Macalister. Above the brickwork of the tower, which is elevated some sixty feet from the ground, a graceful spire, lead-covered and with gilt vane finish, rises to a further heght of sixty-two feet, making a total height of one hundred and twenty-two feet. Tho vestry is at the east end of tho building, opening into tho main body of the church on oither side of the pulpit. Tho approaches aro by a (light of ten stono stops eight foot wido up to the tower entry, and thoro aro similar stops to tho two sido porches. Tho fittings of tho intorior aro of codar throughout, the seats having solid Gothic bonded ends and open baoks. Tho lobby entry is formed with Gothio headed panel-work and swing folding-doors, with ornamental perforated fan- lights ; and ovor tho lobby is constructed an organ-gallery, opproachod by o stairenso in the body of tbo lobby. The gallery front is built with mossivo moulded and Gothic panel work and perforated spandrels j tho front also 'having ornamental standards, rods, and curtains, above which vises the organ-a handsome in- strument, in both strength and tono well adapted to tho edifico. The pulpit is erocted on an octagon pedostal, the body being soini-octngon, having Btair ap- proaches on cither sido, tho wholo being formed with carved, moulded, perforated, and cut cedar-work, all Trench polished. The book head is furnished with silk purple velvet cover- ing, and velvet and gold hangings. Tho lighting of ¡tho church is oil'octod-in addition to the stand and bracket lights-by eight chaudeliora, of chaste and appropriate design, solocted in Sydnoy by Mr. M'Intosh. The windows of the church aro yet incom- plete It was originally designed to glazo thom with common glass, but an offer having been mado by tbo late minister of tho ohuroh, G-, M. Seed, 3£sq., to furnish stained glass, an altera- tion was nocossary, and tho glass boiug ordered ' from England the roquirod arrangements aro mado for a now system of lights and patent ventilation, also for a wheel window in the east gable. Tho wholo cost of this alteration will bo about £200. The church has been built from the plan of Mr. Backhouse, and under hiB superintendence, by Messrs. Parley, Kenny, and M'Hugh, builders. Tho size of tho churoh is eighty by forty, and tho total COBI about £3200. ' On yesterday evening a soirdo, m commemora- tion of tho event, took placo in tho School of Arts, and passed off pleasantly, though tho arrangements could havo beon much botter than thoy wero. At about 7 o'clock upwards of 300 porsons, principally children, sat down to tables which woro eovorod with fruit and edibles of various kinds, which quiokly disappeared. Tho Rev. W. L. Nelson occupied tbo chair, and on tho platform wero several row gentlemen and others. The rev. chairman, nflor a hymn had bcun sung, deli\creel an address congratulating Hie congregation on tho completion of tho sacred edifico, tho oponing of which thoy woro commemorating, and which was far ahead of any ecclesiastical building in Queensland. It was a true Presbyterian building, plain, Simple, and yet substantial. IFrom what ho had soon* during his stay hero, ho behoved that the debt at presont on tho building, though it might bo considerable, would with a littlo oxortion bo Bpeedily wiped away. Ho called on Mr. Cock- burn, who read a report, showing a balance in hand of £61 Is. 6d. The Eev. M. M'Gavin said ho had a duty assigned to him which ho had great pleasure in performing. It was to movo the adoption of the report. He agreed with Dr. Nelson that the church was tho neatest, most commodious, and substantial in Iho colony, and in fact all the colonies. Ho congratulated tho congrega- tion and tho pastor of the church on its comple- tion, and concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. Smith seconded (ho motion, and said it was a matter for great sorrow to tho congrega- tion that their rev. pastor was unable to attend at tho opening of tho church or at that mooting through illness. It was to bo hoped that oro long tho Almighty God would bo pleased to re- store him to good health. Another mntter for regret was tho dobt on tho ohuroh, but that was not so very dark a cloud ,* the bright eyes of tho ladioB woro irresistible in collecting money, and ho trusted that the bannar which would take place in Juno next would bo a means of clearing off tho wholo debt, or at least raising such a sum that tbo committee of management could easily manngo the rest. Ho thanked the meet- ing for tbo hearing which thoy had given bim, a stranger amongst thom, and had great pleasure in seconding the adoption of tho report. Tho report was unanimously adopted. The Bov. Mr. Ogg, of Brisbane, then de- livered a lengthy address, in tho course of whioh ho stud he was now quite ashamed of the ' humpies they'havo in Brisbane, aftor visiting tho splendid^ ohuroh they had orootod in Ips wioh. Ho Binooroly rogrottod tho illness of tho pastor of tho church, but ho was happy to hoar that ho was likely soon to bo again in a good stato of health, and ablo to roturn to his arduous duties. No doubt his ailment was that of being broken down by over oxortion in tho labor of the Gospel. Tho rov. gontloman thon referrod to the missions to tho Islands of Polynesia, and explained at length the formation of the Coral Islands, especially the Now Hobridos. Ho strongly rcconimondod that ohildren ahould, in Ipswich, calicot for the Foreign Missions. Ho concluded by praying that God would shortly rostoro tho muoh respected pastor of the church to his congrogation. ¿ Tho Bev. Mr. Caldwell explained tho pro- sont stato of Prosbytorianism in Queensland, and stated that thero are at present twelve con- gregations in connectiou with the Church in tho oolony, 'and two of theso 'are without pastors, namoly, thoso of Warwick and Mary- borough. During the year thoro had'been five now ministers added to the Ohuroh, and flvo now congregations had been raised at Spring- sure, Gladstone, Dalby, Koma, and that of Fortitude Valley, Oxloy, and tho Bald Hills, tho lattor being under-his own control. Tho addition to tho Church had boon upwards of 61 per cont., for which thoro was reason to bo thankful to tho Creator. The Bupply of ministers was quite inadequate for the work re- quired to bo done in tho causo. Half of tho Prosbytorians wero without ouyroligious pastor, for it was impossible for tuirteou ministers to attend to the wants of upwards of 12,000 persons ' connected with tho Church at prosont in the colony. In ordor to supply tho inadequacy, application hod bcon mado to tbo home Churoh, and an answor was received Btoting that monoy would;bo for warded to assist the mission, and that two ministers would bo forwarded, who would ro ceivo £50 par year from tho home funds for tho first threo years of thoir labors in the colony. He exhorted tho meeting to come forward liberally and mako somo provision for thoso who are now spiritually unprovided for in the colony. (Applause.) Tho Eev. Mr. Love dclivored a long and spirited addross in defoneo of tho principles of Prosbytorianism, and in refutation of charges agaiuBt it whioh woro groundless. Ho reviowod the Churoh from its foundation to the presont day, and exhorted all to truo Christian feeling. Ho was followed by the Bov. M. M'Gavin, on tho subject of Church music, the roport of which will appear in our noxt issue. Othor spoakors then ndclrcsBod the mooting, which concluded with tho doxology and tho bonodiotion at about half-past IO o'clock. Queensland Times, April 10. 