DEAN RAMSAY ON PREACHING AND . PREACHERS. On Tuesday. February 13, the Very Reverend D_ean Ramsa\, L.L.D.^ tleliyered the firstOipsfcrigkof t^|^ure^#ft|^ ing and of tfe Hall Glajsgcjw. llie h^^Vas t& overflowmgrj-maj^ . admission; and-33ean Bs^sayvras a6coniv panied to the platform by a large number of j the directors of the Institution. The lecture1 was delivered with great vigour and energy, and was listened to throughout with evident interest* aa*d repeatedly applauded-, the numerous illustrative aneedotes. with whicli ' it aboundedi wliich were given .in the most efieetiy-e- style by the- reverend lecturer,^ being immensely, relished by the audience.' We give the foHowmginteresting portions of the lecture:— DBYPEEACHEBS. Some: men have none -bf the materials for making an eloquent preacher. They cannot clothe their ideas with the graces of oratorical diction, or with any of the attractions of oratory^ nor can they throw into their voiee the energy of an oration* Their discourses are essentially adapted for study in the closet, not for bearing them delivered by others. Our own Dr Macknight, author of an elaborate commentary on the Epistles, and of a treatise on Evidences, able and learned works, was a remarkable example of this class ©f preachers. Logical and erudite, he could find no place for the relief of the imagination or of fancy in composing his dis courses ; could assume no fervour of enthu siasm in their delivery. Of this estimable divine the pleasant story is told of what his cofieagwe sidy remarked upon his pulpit ministrations. Dr Macknight had been over taken By a sharp shower in coming to church. In the vestry, and before the service began, the attendants were doing all in their power to; make him comfortable by rubbing him with towels and other appliances. The good man was, mpch discomposed, and was ever and anon impatiently exclaiming, " Oh! I wish that I was dry;" and repeating often, Do ye think I am dry eueucli now P " Dr Henry, his colleague, who was present, was. .a. jocose .man, of. much-quiet, humour, and could not resist the opportunity of a little hit iat his friend's style of preaching, so he patted him on the shoulder, with the encouraging remark :—"Bide a, wee, Doctor, bide a wee, and ye's be -dry enjeuch when ye get into . the pulpit!" (MJuch laughter;) And some men are always diy in the pulpit, however easy and mturai they may be else where. In the pulpit, they are constrained and enslaved by system. "There they are artificial and formal, and must be dry. THE ALABMING OE THREATENING STYLE OF PREACHING. The fourth class of preachers we have named are in the alarming or threatening style. They: specially dwell upon the " terrors of the Lord." Preachers of this school no doUbt show a great anxiety k> display the more awful features of that Gospel winch it is -their office to proclaim and enforce. They would seek to warn men from evil by pressing on their conscience the terrors of the " law " rather thiah attract them to good by urging the forbearance and loving-kindness of God The line of argument involves more or less minute descriptions of the misery that awaits the finally impenitent, and a more, or; less mimite enforcement of those terrible denun-1 ciations which tell of a worm that never dies, and of a fire unquenchable. Those who are acquainted only with the modern and ordinary modes of introducing details on these awful questions have no idea of the minuteness with-which sermon-writers of past times have dilated -on the sufiferings of the lost. Dante has been to many a sort-of guide to certain commentators on the condition of the lost, and especially with Italian preachers. v I recollect some.years back a Mend, who was a great student: of Italian; literature, lent , me the sermons of Pastorini, -and some of his descriptions are most -extraordinary for their ingenuity fuid detail of dreadful suffering. I might awlduce passages , from the sermonsJof George. W iiitefield, who was celebrated for such details.; But I rather prefix showing what has been done in times past regarding this awfui-fsubject, arid I will read - you a few extracts ifrbmvth:e homilies ;of-»' mediaeval writerwith whose tiame you may he famili&r;, but whose works probably you h&ve; little kn^wledgb'bfi I' refer to Bedfe, the eminent saint of ihe -Northern-Church, usually c^led, from the Sanctity that is associated With his name and character, the Yenerable Bede. His"hiBto|y;«f the eariy Northern Ghiireh is valuable. He was born in 685,rand he died in 672, and his remains lie buried behind the alt&r; of the magmficent Durham Cathedral. He left some Homilies, from which the the lost are taken, which . ^|i|^ w^i^t Musteatiiig our gi^ec^^eyou mooppl preaching. One, homily supposes r thai St Pam^^iSt Michae| hadpetitioned that the lost*souls inigM : from thest pimshment. He says, in explana Paid • ri^qi3|d^e0 that.place. He and sinners toimented oh thosetaree^and some were hung by the fee^iome ^by their hands, some by the hair, some by0thejQeekj-sOiae: by the tongue, and again, lie saw a furftatee of'fire burning with seven flames, and inany w^rpunislfea in it 5 and there :^e^>S8>yen plajgfies r&tCDid; about tMssfurnafce' i-—tKfe^first snoi% Jthefe second icej- tli<& fthiWfe Ifireyftfe fouH^lioodlgtws fifth sei^ntsijthee I sixfl^ lightnings stelfofl; laMi# ith|#^feri3awcie its^i ^ere the s6ulb/-ofjithe* sinhers who^j^tited'not in this life". There they are tormented, and every" one receives according to his works ; some weep, some hcpwl, somefgroaifc, sox&eTbujrii; and desire td have rest but find it not, because souls can never die." But we have had,enough of. this, style. (Laughter.) THE PERSUASIVE STYLE. The gentle and persuasive style of preach ing must ever gain men's hearts, and should predominated every address from a Christian minister ; and wherr they are so predominant, when they are mingled witll a due proportion of the argumentative, and when contrasted on suitable occasions with sterner represen tation, it constitutes, in my opinion, the perfection of Christian pulpit oratory. SeBMOJSS 2fEEI> SOT'B» BUIL. Now, we cannot help thinking that the very frequency of hearing the greatest 'truths, the very circumstances of the enormous number of sermons in latter days, if there be not some life and energy put into the mode of their' deliverance, must itself tend to weariness. It may be said that it would be unreasonable to expect that of the 75,040 sermons preached every Sunday in Great Britain, all, or even a considerable portion, shall be able and power ful discourses. We are quite ready to admit the truth of this. Bat, then, we say there is no need that they should be dull. No person who has to communicate to others a message of personal appeal, on a subject of surpassing importance to all, will deliver his message so as to make his addresB pointless or wearisome, if he felt it deeply himself. No; he will not be dull if he is natural, if he is earnest, if he is unaffected, if he speaks as if be felt that he was not speaking mere conventional language, or executing an office in a mere prefunctory manner. We cannot imagine any of the first preachers being dull. Indeed, we are con strained to believe that one palpable point of difference in our preaching from early preach ing is its dulness. The very phraseology of modern sermons has become conventional, and people seem afraid of words which are not sermon words—they are jealous of expressions which betray strong emotion, as savouring of fanaticism ; and they dread discussions upon any points which lie "out of the beaten path of hacknied topics, as bordering upon the pro* vince of the sceptic. THE " FCSHIONLESS" STYXtE OF OUR SERMOM LANGUAGE. ; I cannot resist the desire to give a specimen of this commonplace, and, as we would say in Scotch, " fushionless " style of sermon lan guage. It is from Dr Neale's preface to his volume on mediaeval preaching. He-narrates that, preaching for a friend, he told him he did not preach plain enough. He said he would show him in the afternoon how a con gregation should be addressed- So he thus opened his afternoon discourse:—** To those who "vvill -considertbe -harmony- which-reigns in the various accounts dieted by inspiration of Christ's passion, confirmed as those accounts are by the antecedent testimonies of prophets on the one hand, and by the concurrent testi monies of the epistles on the other, it will appear in the highest degree probable that our blessed Lord was not ah - impostor.1 but was in reality what he gave himself out to be, the ; on of God/' ANECEOTES OF ECCESTHIC FB»4$HEBS. One thing, however, is quite clear to my mind, and the result of a pretty long -experi ence, and that is, no quality can be more fatal to the inflftejace; of a^ sermon than that of dulness. The witty Sydney Smith used to say somewhat profanely—" Sir, in a sermon, the sin- against the Holy Ghost is dulness.'' Loften think of *he remark made to me by a ;dear relative- of high, mental qualities and endowments in regard to preaching—"Rather than see you dull arid commonplace; I would see you bordering upon the eccentric of start ling." Sterne who was certainly as much removed from the charge of dulriess as most men, offered this excuse to the Archbishop of York for the eccentric manner in which one of his publislibd sermons, commenced. He i was" determined to &op; the wandering I thoughts of his hiearers, and secure their attentlpn, so. after giying put his text from Eccle. vii. 2, " It is better to go to the house of mourning than .to the house of feasting," fie flatly ..commenced his sermon. with these wdrds-H—fi hati 1 deby!" A. Nonconformist preacher of much reputation in his day, with the same idea of arresting; the people's ears, commences. a funeral sermon on- a good member, of his congregation by shouting out three - times, " Victory 1 victory1. victory !' A similar case of determtnatSobto rouse .the attention of his audience tobis text, though of a les^ fe^# ;charac^^Wfi Sterne's, I have heard, told of an -illiterate .but clever' Sfetho^tpre^ was a cotyiet of thi district in Somerset where ! held a curacy for seven years. . He gave out for a text, 4* I can do all.things.*! He then paused, and, looking at the Bible keenly, said Tin his own. native Somerset., dialect, WhatV that the says, Baui^* I«an do aal things/. I's bet,the half- , a-crown ov that !'" so he took half-a-crown out of his*pocket, and put it oa- the.book. However, he added, "Let's Jaii whalUhe apostle has to say for himseli." So hit read j i0^fethe^tiex^ work^^^Throu^ iGh^fha^! sdr^ith^^' Jne•, saysliiej "ifi&at;'s thes-tefrm ofthe bet;1? I'm- off,'! ahd pat"; the; h'aifcctown intb his pocket agafoirand preached! ihists^bnon on. the power of .Christian- grace. Butalthbugh duinesa in sermonsmaybe an evil, extravagance and eccentricity may be worse evils. ft is the part of wisdom and nweHVregulated' zeal td^ avoid all r' eStrerrffes. Wh^t we Tvant in tbe pulpit is the earnest, unaffected manner in which a. sensible, and feeling mind would desire to communicate, to others, sacred and solemn truths which are to himself and hearers all important for the interests of time of eternity. ASECDOTKS OF COVERT MEASINGS tJCNVETED Uf TEX®8. > There is often great force, and sometimes a covert meaning, conveyed in the choice of a text. An anecdote illustrative of this is recorded of Dr Paley, the well-known author of Natural. Theology, Evidences of Chris tianity, and other popular works. When Pitt, as first Lord of the Treasury, and I Chancellor of the Exchequer, at the age of I twenty-three, revisited Cambridge, where he had-graduated, Paley marked, with a sarcastic eye, how assiduously some of the leading members of the University courted the youth ful Prime Minister, and made up to him in view of the good things which he would now have at his disposal. It was Paley's turn to preach before the University at St Mary's on I the Sunday following Pitt's visit; accordingly; he took for his text—11 There is a lad here ! which hath five barley loaves and two small j fishes," adding, as he looked round on the j crowded church, "'but what are they amongj so many." (Much laughter.) A most unfor tunate result followed the selection of a text in ihe Chapel Royal at Dublin. Dr Sheridan, the father of the better known Richard! Brinsley Sheridan, was asked by a country 1 gentlemen to take the duty for him on tbe | next Sunday. Sheridan was in high favour] at Dublin Castle, but he unconsciously for feited all by his text on the occasion. He took an old sermon of which the text was, " Sufficient unto the day is .the evil thereof'' j —unfortunately it happened Cwbich Sheridan j had forgotten) to be the anniversary of the accesation of the House supposed insult to the Irish Court was never | forgiven, and it is said cost the Doctor his1 bishopric. The Irish Government could not ] have bestowed one of its mitres on a head capable of such an application of tbe text. I remember hearing an anecdote connected with texts which was related of the" eccentric minister of Montrose, Mr Mollison, of whom many traditionary stories were current in my: recollection. A widow had a house in which she resided, and to which she was much j attached, close by the old parish church. The Provost and the Town Council wanted her to | give" it up to facilitate some plans of burgh improvements. She obstinately resisted all their solicitations, and Mr Mollison -took her part and defended her against her powerful opponents; The corporation, however, were in the "end;~ either" byAetofParliaTnentor decree of Court, too strong for her, aijd accordingly proceeded to remove the house by violent means. Mr Mollison to show his indignation at such conduct, on the Sunday after, the work of. destruction had began gave out as his text Proverbs xiv. 1, " Every wise woman - buildetb her own house, but a fool pulleth it down " (Laughter.) We bavfe heard a preacher of this class meeting with a repartee of an.-equally, ingenious'character with his own sermon. He was a candidate for a lectureship-, and had to ■ deliver a ■ discourse before the trustees of the endowmeht,-in the way of competition; so he was determined show how clever he could be, and took for his text the: single' word 4' But." He deduced from thence the great truth and the impor tant doctrine that no position is without some corresponding cross or opposite trial. Naaman' was a mighty man of valor and honorable, but he was a leper. The five Cities of the Plain were fruitful as the garden of Eden, but the men of Sodom were awful sinners. The inhabitants of Ai put the Israelites to flight, but they wist not of the liers in wait behind the city; I called you, but ye answered not; come, for all things are ready, but they would not come, and so on. When the clerical competitioner came down- to the vestry, the senior trustee of the lectureship inet him and politely remarked—'*Sir, you gave usa most ingenious discourse, and we are much obliged to you; but we don't think you/are the preacher that will do for us." (Laughter ) The lecturer concluded with a notice of the preachers of the early Church, taking Chrysostom as a specimen of these preachers, and giving- a sketch of his history and extracts from his sermons, and noticing, the great reputation which' he enjoyed; tlironghout eirly Cfciwclii AGfoobR peetresoly&T; to fftakie his vwiU, ahd having remembered all' his domestics except his steward, the omission was respectfully pointed .out to him by the; lawyer. ** I shall leave him nothing," said the nobleman, "because he has served , me these 20 years. 