" ITEftfIS "OF" MEWS. The following is the programme which \yilL be performed by the Volunteer band in the Market Hall this evening : — Quadrille (English airs), Laurent; march, " Come back, Annie ; " .air froinFra Diavolo, " Proudly my banner wayes above," :Auber j waltz, /from " Faust,':' Sie.de j diiet, " Light in tlfo east is glowing," Glover'; selection, "Traviata, Verdi; sanctus, JLhrne, O1 Lord, is the greatness," Kent ; '" God save the Queen." Messrs Cressy and Ayers. exhibited their beautiful panorama iu the- Theatre Royal last evening. The views of American .and European scenery were of the most pleasing character, and painted with very considerable artistic "skill. To those who have not had an opportunity of seeing . the wonders of the new. jworld,;the . Pan-teciia- Iheca will give them a vivid idea of much of its picturesque beauty, as also its gigantic features. The scenes chosen from the. old world are. equally faithful land, well .executed. The panorama met with the expressed approval of the audience. It will be observed that the exhibition will be re peated this evening, and to those who have not yet taken the opportunity of seeing it we can give an assurance of its repaying a visit. The escort, which arrived at the Sub- Treasury Barker-street, last evening, brought dowh frona — Maryborough, 1277oz lOdwt; Talbot, 323oz ; Avoca, 574oz; Maldo'n, 482oz ; A Dnylesford, l749oz. Total, 4405oz lOdwt. The amount is smaller than last week, indeed, almost one half, which may be accounted for by all . the.; recent storm water being used up. ' ? : ' i ' At the Taradale police-court, yesterday, two boys named Foy, whoyhad pffected- (heir escape from the Sunbury school, were brought before the bench, aud ordered to_be sent back;to.the institution. The boys were sometime ago dealt with by tbe Castlemaine bench, who, in the first instance, sent the lads to Sunbury, and an order was made on their father for the support of bis- children. It would" seem that the young in mates at the Sunbury establishment find little difficulty inrire'vertingi to the. nomadic life. from", which tlxey have, in many instances, been rescued. The coronial inquiry into the burning of the store known as Treloar's, and late in the occu pation of Mr Petersen, is postponed for the pre sent. It will, however, be held as soon as the police authorities deem it judicious to apply for an investigation. . At the Fryerstown Police Court, on Mon- day, before T. D. S. Heron, Esq., P.M., Wm. Strachan, for allowing a dog to attack a goat, was fined 5s, with £1 1s costs. J. Venn, for using insulting language to Alexander Mills, was fined 5s, with 20s costs, or in default 7 day's imprisonment. John B. Hutchinson, being the owner of two unregistered dogs, was fined 5s for each, with 10s costs. Several other cases were either withdrawn or settled. The court then adjourned. The men employed in cleariug- away-- the ruins-of tbe recent fire in Urquhart-street, on Monday came across a patch of gold. It appears that some years ago, when the Victoria Hotel was erected, a miner, having in his possession 15oz of gold, was amusing himself by step-dancing in the bar. On finishing his performance he found that the gold had, in the meantime been running down his trousers, and some of it lodged iii his boots, and part of it fallen through the crevices of the floor into the cellar below? As much as could be gathered up only made looz, leaving 2oz not recovered. The men referred to having heard of the circumstances ref lated, washed the earth in the cellar, and obtained about the amount of gold missing. The adjourned inquest upon the body of Mary Lewis, who died at the house of Mary Cronin, Rokeby-street, East Collingwood, on Thursday evening, under most painful circumstances, was re- sumed on Monday, by Mr Candler, at the York- shire Hotel. Several witnesses were examined, among whom were Mr William Rankin, surgeon, living at St. Kilda. who had attended the deceased and prescribed for her several weeks since, but had refused to so any longer, as he considered her enceinte. Mr Ruddall .and Dr Pugh had made a re-examination of the womb. The latter gentleman stated, in answer to the coroner, that if a properly qualified medical man gave a certificate stating the cause of death to have been malignant disease of the womb, he must have known that such was not the case. If he had given a certificate to that effect, he must either have been grossly ignorant of his profession, or have given it with the intention of misleading and deceiving people. A carman, named Nadwitch, was called, and gave evidence to the effect that the medical certificate of death had been given him by Mr J. G. Beaney. After sitting from 10 o'clock till 6, the inquest was again adjourned until Wednesday morning at eight o'clock. The following item of encouraging mining news As from the Bendigo Independent :— The Energetic Company, Victoria reef, now stands Al on the list of our public companies. A brisk demand has existed for the shares all- through the week, but it lias been exceedingly difficult to effect auy trans actions in the stock, as .owing to the magnificent prospects of the mine holders could not be induced to part with their, shares at anything like a reason able figure. The first crushing of this company was finished to-day, the result being a splendid cake of gold' weighing 1294oz (the same being ob tained from fifty- loiir tons of stone). A dividend of 3s 6d per share has- been declared, after paying which the company will have about £301) credit balance. The company having a large pile of quartz- already raised, crushing will be continued, and as the stone looks as well as ever auo.tker dividend may shortly be looked for. There are no shares obtainable at present under 31s, ex dividend, and the general belief is that they will soon reach £2. Yesterday's telegraphic intelligence from Ingle- wood, received in Sandhurst by the relatives of Mr Marcus Cooper, aunounced the melaucholy fact that he had terminated his existence by cutting his throat. Mr Cooper will be remembered as one of the earliest quartz reefers in this district, having worked for the last ten years on the J olmson's reef, Windmill Hill, Redan, aud other reefs. Sonie few mouths ago he removed to Inglewood, where he was connected with several of the miuing companies recently formed there. It is not known at present that any cause existed for his committing such a rash act, bqt it is supposed that Mr Cooper had beeu drinking too freely for some little time; back. The Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the fol lowing It is . stated . ou reliable authority that Sir Charles Darling received intimation by tfre Madras to hold himself in readiness for departure from Victoria, OvQJhq yjW est Bourke Guardian darin/burglary was committed .t rMyrmongj,. at , an, early hour on the mprning of March 10. Tlie store of Mr H. W. Sinunons, postinaster at thfi Pentland Hills, was entered by :an experj;., burglar, who helped himself freely to 4ne varied stock .filling the spacious premises of Mr Sim- mon8. The articles stolen consisted of tobacco, Dolls of scarlet flannel, four -pieces of tweed, and a variety of .hosiery, all of the bestmateriafrthe articles of /inferior quality being; thrown aside. The/entrance was. effected by. forcing off the window bar, taking down two shutters, and then applying a bradawl to the margin of the glass, caused it to split into pieces which were carefully picked up and placed alongside the fence ; the burglar had then to slide back the inside sash: to admit his person to the store. After this he re moved an iron bar from the door, and then re moved the bolt and lock. The object of the burglar is supposed/to be money, but in this he was disappointed, although the till was taken. The empty till, and a roll of flannel, some dress pieces, from the English Church. The thief was evi dently a practised hand from the evidence re maining. He wore socks soled with .a piepe of /felt hat, which protected his feet from injury and caused a noiseless tread ; these he left near the scene of his depredations after he had secured a safe retreat. Mr Simmons estimates his loss at £'50. This is ihc first offence of the kind that lias ever occurred at Myruiong. A most extraordinary magisterial proceeding is reported by the O. and M. Advertiser : — The vagaries of Dr. Hobbyn, Mayor of Wanga- ratta, have alinost reached the culminating point. On Saturday last he was asked to become bail for Mr Vonarx, a farmer at North Wangaratta, who had got mixeduup in a squabble about a horse in the afternoon of the same day, and for this object Dr. Dobbyn, it is supposed, arrived at ' the court-house.' : He peremptorily told Constable Evans (the constable in charge of the. station in the absence of Sergeant Montfort), to open the front door of the court-house. Evans said lie could mot do so, 'as /the keeper of the court-house had got the key: ; Ultimately ad mittance was gained by passing through the police magistrate's private rooni. The Mayor, with Constables. Evans, and Bailey, and Mr Meyer, then entered into the court-house with 'alb pomp and circumstance. .This' was about;8 o'clock in the evening. The Mayor took his seat on the bench, amidst the blaze of a single candle, and asked for the charge-sheet, which had been made out by the Mr Meyer previously alluded to, ho having come upon the scene something like a ghost. The Mayor also askod if the defendant, Mr Vonarx, had been brought up on a summons or warrant. On being satis fied on this point, he immediately wrote dis charged on : the charge-sheet, also adding that there was not the slightest grounds for tlie police taking Mr . Yonarx, into custody. The police had. no ;alternativ.e but to discharge him. A- correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser, -signing himself "Reflection," writes to us from Kangaroo Flat : " A well-known storekeeper engaged about a score of mediums at 30s per day and all expenses.- paid, who. left, ; with him as their guide, the Kangaroo Flat Station for the Echuca land sale on Tuesday last. This Chris tian patriot takes an intelligent interest in. all movements which are connected with the welfare of this small society. And one of the engaged is another ingenious defender of Christianity, and no less a personage- than " the Flat teacher. Not only a teacher but a preacher in the pulpit :oq Sunday, apfi practising as a dummy in the laud sale office on Wednesday. What are Wte to think of such defenders of our faith in prosti tuting their time for such filthy lucre ? That is teaching tlie young Australiahideas how to shoqt : with" a vengeance." . - A-requisition, calling on the Hon. Mr Lowe to : resign' hii' seat iu tlie Legislative Council, has beefi signed by a large number of his constituents in Geelong, amongst them beiug the President of the Protection League, several members of the towii council, and other leading citizens. It will be sub mitted tothe public meeting to be held at the Town hall, on Thursday next. During the thunderstorm on Sunday morning, a valuable horse belonging to Mr John Kernan, qf Moonee Ponds, was struck dead by lightniug. The flash struck him on the withers, and passed in a zigzag liue along each side of his neck as far as his nostrils, also down each of his fore legs as far as the hoof, and along each side of his ribs aud down each of his hind legs. ; Sir Redmond Barry and several literary gentle- mep who are associated with him, .have undertaken ithe.task ofrcgllecting asvlarger-a body.of evidence as Is "possible respecting tbe history, traditions, cus; toms, and language of the aboriginal natives of the continent. I believe Mr B rough Smyth, of the .Department of Mines, lias undertaken the work of compilation. Circulars, asking for co-operation; have been sent to all parts of the colonies. Western Australia is slowly but surely progress ing. Nicol Bay will soon receive large additions to the flocks already taken there by the enterprising pioneers of that new country. About six hundred sheep have ; j ust been despatched by the barque Emma. ' : -. ' The first sitting of the . newly constituted: Appel late Court of Mines, was held yesterday, before Mr Justice Moleswortb, the Chief Judge. There were four cases ou the list, in all of which His Honor re served judgment. The Court was then adjourned sine die. We understand it is very doubtful whether any encampment of volunteers wiil take place this year, as in consequence of the rejection of the Bill of Supply by the Legislative Council, there are no; funds to meet the expenses. ; : , A correspondent writing to a Melbourne contem porary suggests that a general subscription shqiild.be. raised through the whole colony for the erection !of a' monument to the memory of all those persons who perished in the London. ,. : r The floclcmasters of .Western Australia are about to memorialise' tjieir"' Government for the introduc tion of a Scab Ack : it 