GLEANINGS. AN AMERICAN PSALM. ? Petroleum V. Nasby is still look ing after the interests of his flock. The following is his latest produc tion: — '??''???? The utter and abgect state of cussitood into which the Dimocricy find themselves, North and South. makes a day of fastin appropriate. Ef the Lord is ever agoin to help ' us; now 's his time. Ai.:,u ;Ef my clerikle bretherin uv the Church South deside to appoint a day uv fast in and prayer, I submit the follerin ez a sarm uv agony,, approprit for the occasion : ?-? On the street I see a nigger ! On his back a coat of bloo, and he carryeth a musket. He is a Provo Guard, and he £ 'lialteth me, ez wun hevin authrity. And my tender daughter spit on him, and he arrested her,, and she '- ^languisheth in the gard house. r My eyes doth dwell on him, and y ' my soul is an arteshiim well cf wo ; it gusheth with grief. For that wuz my nigger — and I bought him with a price. '''?' 'Alass!. that nigger is out of his normal condition, he is a star out { uv its sphere wich sweepeth thro ': the politikleh evens smashin things. Normally he wuz wuth gold and silver, now he is a nitemare. , ? ^^Vun'zt I was rich, and that 'ere ?,i~£ v villager wuz the basis thereof. „ -Wo iz me! I owned him, sole, body, bones, sinoos, muskels, blud, boots, and brichis. His intelleck wuz mine, and his ? body wuz mine, likewise his labor ^; and the froots thereof. ? His wife wuz mine, and she was ';';'. Tiny concubine. The normal results of the concu i and profit in a eminent degree. * And on the price thereof I played poker and drank mint goolips, and ;' rode in gorgous chariots, and wore purple and fine linen every day. Ji' Wuz this miscegnashun, or nigger ^|; (equality. Por she wuz mine even ?f .jt.i as my ox, or my horse, or my sheep, X'E?1^ ne? increase wuz miue, even as ^ - wuz theirs. Abolishin miscegnashun elevates the nigger wench to her level— I 3j[.s.xT;^didL--it fdr gain, which degraded her xv-t muchly. t And when the wife uv my buzum lifted up her voice in complaint, (Jv;..$ayiD, 'LoM am abused — this little nigger resembleth thee I ' ^!A^alf the price uv the infant chattel wood buy a diamond pin with wich tp stop her yawp. And my boys follered in my foot steps and grate wuz the mix, but profitable. But my dreem is bustid. The nigger is free, and demands wages whether she'll cleave to her husband or be my concubine. Yesterday I bade her come to me, and lo she remarkt, ' Go 'way white man, or I'll bust yer hed.' And I gode. Her children are free — they are mine, likewise, but I can't sell 'em on the block to the highest bidder. Therein Linkin sinned— he haz violated the holiest and highest in stinks of our nacher; he inter posed aproclamashun 'tween father and child. We took the hethen from Afreka and wuz a makin Christians uv 'em. Wo to him who stops us in our mishnary work. Jt is written — ' Kin theEthiope change his skin ?' I wuz changin' it for him, I and my fathers, and we had mellered it down to a brite yaller. Dark is my fucher. I obeyed the ^rate law uv labor, ez I served in the army — by my substitoot — now shell I have to stane my hands with labor, or starve. In what am I better than a Nor thern mudsill ? I kin get no more diamond pins for the wife uv my buzum, and she yawpeth continooally. Arrayed in home-spun she now wrestleth with pots and kettles in the kitchun. Weighed down with woe she dips snuff in silence. She asks ev me comfort — what Kan 1 say, wnose pocKits contane only confederate skript ? Save us from Massaehusits, wich is ornery and cussid. ^ ^Pjeptect ... us -froHLnigger spgers — wich is grinnin feends. i Shelter us from the ghost of Jon Brown, wich is marching on. Petboletjm V. Nasby. Late paster uv the church uv the Noo Dispensashun. What is it we all say we will do, and no one has ever yet done P^ Stop a minute. Why is a child who gets stout as he gets taller, like a newspaper re porter? Because he picks up in formation. Y The Best Capital to Begin Life on. — A capital wife. If a man, who in talking to a lady, lays his hand upon her shoul der, may he be said to be too touching in his remarks. There is a man in Cornwall in possession of a powerful memory. He is employed by the Humane Society to 'remember the poor.' A man having hurt his forehead, was advised to rub it with brandy. Some days after, being asked if he had done so, he answered, 'I. have tried several times, but can never get the glass any higher than my mouth.' -* Hose, my dear,' said a mother to her daughter, 'if you are so stiff and reserved you will never get a husband.' 'Ma,' retorted the young lady, ' unless the poets tell fibs, a prim-rose is not without attractions.' . : A. soldier on trial for habitual drunkenness was addressed by the magistrate: 'Prisoner, you have heard the charge of habitual drun kenness; what have you to say in, defence ?' ' Nbthing, please your? honor, but habitual thirst.' There is a Methodist preacher out West whose praise is thus sounded by an American paper: 'I have repeatedly heard the most famous men in America, but there are times when the flame of his pathos licks the everlasting hills with & roar that moved your soul to depths ^thomed by fewv other men;! ' 