T O W N T A L K . The steamer Derwent should have ar-. jm d .a ti.o w Uc.ida veBterday morning, bni consequence of ike May Mail lmviog arrived at Adulaioc. | The surface of the Governmeut Domriu L disfigured by surface stones lo „ very gtotit extent, whic'i, of course, neeessauly keeps down the growth of t h ; grass. It would lie well if some laborers could be employed to remove those stones, wliirii could be turned to good account by the corpora, non m the repair of tho roads of the city The admirable projects set on foot by MrUkmes, and Messrs Rassill, for pruvid mg Christmas fares on ea,y ,ernis, which have hern fully described i>, this jour, uai, have given rise to cellent schemo just st.irted by Mr P. O'Heillv & Son, tiio old established cloLhin of Murray street. It is entitled “The Tas. maman Clothing Club.” La primaiy object is to place within tbe reaeli of the million the means of providing themselves with a superior suit of colonial make, of durable clothes, for the sum of L2 ins, usually sold at L3, upon investing the weekly sum uf 2s 61 fur twenty weeks. Tbe enterprising projectors fully recognises tbe movement for enabling tho people ft have a good Christmas dinner on easy term,, but are of opinion that wliile the inner man ought to he attended to, the outward man should not be disregarded. One great advantage of Messrs O’Rcfilev & Son ■ schemes affords a capital opportunity to parents to obtain a decent suit of clothes for their .nns, by the payment of Is 6d per week for the period named. Another en couragmg benefit will be that the members of the proposed Club will have the chance of winning a superfine suit, for one in everv fifty subscribers; and as'a further^encourage^ ment Messrs O’Keilly & Son point to toe good lime coming,” when the turning of tbe first sodof the Main Trunk Railway shall enable those who may become habited in their new euits,upon tile proposal he has put forth, to appear in all tbe finery of a bran new suit to celebrate that national event. Doubtless the desirable plan thus inaugurated will ha tensively patronised. The Justices on the Roster to sit with the Stipendiary Magis rate this morning, are H. Hopkins, juor, and J, Wright , Etqis Ihe Sub-Inspector's night charaeto tT ’h f ‘u* J?olll!e. ,?oun JesLurday, was8 a total blank, no public offence having come under the cognizance of the City Folice from Tuesday night to Thursday morning ■n° “ is a fact worthy of record, as denotire of,lie ofbrhne % t a rr e,BDda,e00f the tm "*uili* We are pleased to be enabled to announce, from inquiries we have made, that Mr J. A. Watkins, the Registrar of the Supreme Court, is gr .dually progressing towards convalescence, and that ere the laps? of many days, he will nrnimLi .n (? -ny. dJ,S’ he wil1 lirou»l)lf have regained dutto^ol hR department?*1"16 a°CUSl°mcd d . We observe th at Mr H enry Ivev f V n J 'af the cxu?nsiv° premises in Mr Wii . l ;^ mirlyTia the "“ “ration of Mr William Carter. In combination with the business of a house and estate agent, Mr Ivey purposes to have lists of publiu securis Uvs, shares, and loans, for Dsp.-clion He I Will also negotiate loans, and make un trades men s books, and adjusi accounts. Thestore 1 being cspacious will aff.rd abundant accom? I modation for ihe storage of luggage In ad I dition to these advautiges, Mr Xvev also an"! nounces his intention to carry on the business' of a commission agent, A little boy was vesterdav a t tl>. Police Office, mulcted in tln f^ m ’l.v of n Tree Hill, Risilou Road, to tho foot thereof, nn 1 ttienne lo the ferry. Tbe tin?'' for sending in tenders to the Oatlantls Board of Works, for erecting a bridge over tbe river Jordan, lias been extended to.the 4lli mnximo. Tbe Public Works Department has called for lenders to be lodged nn the 18th inet, for heavy limber beams, for tbe bridges near Bagdad, and at Pontvitle. Tbe special general meeting of tbe Shareholders of tho Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, is fixed for 12 o’clock this day. Tenders are invited by th e Bothwell Board of Works, to he deposited by the 20ih inst, for the performance of extensive road repairs, cuttings. and formation of road, repairs lo the bridge over the Marsh, nesr lied Hill, drainage, metalling on the road from Spting Hill to Botlnrcll, and also to metal, and otherwise repairing the road to Ostlands, from the municipality of Bothwell. In conformity with the resolution nnived nt by the Corporation Inst Monday, tenders rre now called for, in order to form, tni.ke, umi complete a portion uf Ufoifc-etrect, Ih.re across the Hohari Tuvn Rivulet, with retaining walls, tunnels. arelo'a7a. G* cenmiendiitinn is due to the majority of the Oitv Uiuneil, for having derided upon this in thee-timation of tin- citizens. It is hoped that Alderman Lewie will lose no lime in muBcilJitiou bi» uomprchiMJsivu projeci fora perfect system of 6t werago throughout the city, tlie most important vital question that line ever been brought before the civic body since its inauguration. The election of an auditor for the municipality of Bothwell, is Cxcd for ih® 24lh iuat. In the event of more th-m one candi~ date being nomioiiied, a poll will be taken on the 24 r h from 9 lo 4. W e beg to remind gas consumers that tomorrow (Saturday) ia the last day for payment of their accounts. We should recommend them to pay to-day, as in tbe hurry of business on Saturday it may be forgotten and they will lose the discount allowed. Tbe flev James Allen delivered a lecture last evening at the Mechanics’ IuBiitutc, the subject being “a few Ghost Stories” which tbe Rev lecturer viewed in their relation to modirn spiritualism and to the highest forms of spiritual existence. After referring to the visionary absurdities of some modern dreamers, he next passed on c> review the in- «idents of “ Haunted Houses,” " Spiritual Manifestations” by writing &c;, &o.; The ecturer concluded by drawing a moral from the subject treated of, which only a gentleman endowed with intense piety, gifted with tho adv-nta-re of deep research and profound logic, cojld depose of afier the manner it has been by tbe Rev Mr Allen. We are strongly of opinion that this lecLure will revive tho once popular but now almost forgotten song, of “have you seen the Ghost.” At the gaol yesterday, a decent open-countenenced looking young man, named Henry, aged 17, was arraigned before the Stipendiary Magistrate, and James Ralfe, Esq., J P. for having absconded from the Go- vernment Garden Gang, while undergoing a sentence of six months, for petty theft, in a country district. The accused acknowledged the offence, and received a sentence of twelve months extension of his existing sentence. The Stipendiary Magistrate remarked that it was necessary to teach prisoners under sen tence the penal consequences of absconding while so under sentence. A man named Thomas Feeney, aged 50 years, was received into the Colonial Hospiial yesterday morning, suffering from sevete injuries, thn efft e sof having fallen into^a fire at Sorell whilst in a slate of intoxication. A very proper complaint was preing the trap door of his cellar in a state dangerous lo pedestrians on our footpaths Many Immntuble end serious mishaps have befallen men, women, and children, by negligence of parlies, tidier in not keeping ’rai’ doors of the street entrance to tbeir cellars1" suhrianii'd repair, or having them E ee d o le .tl'™ -CU.re’ llleC"y In-pectorwould do well to give|mi eye lo all other cellars he may mee: with in bis daily inspection peramhu.a.ions throughout the length aud breadt'i of the City boundaries. According to the best authority on meteorology, Wednesday night last was the coti.est, with the hardest frost known in iascuauia for twenty-six years. A fiue Black Swau, belonging to Mr Charles Degraves, of llic Cascades, was in the habit of swimming on a large reservoir on that gentleman's estate. The weather was freezing the whole of Wednesday night. I iinrsday morning that majestic member of the feathered tliue of Tasmania, was observed Stuck hard and fasi” in tho centre of the reservoir, which was cevered with ice A boat was procured, and a passage made to the bird by breaking the ice; aud so, it was speedily released from its unpleaaunt frozen in condition. On Wednesday morniug last, tbe wife of Peter Tanner, foreman of the Gat Works residing m Edward-sired, was on awaking inexpressibly shocked at finding her infant dead in her arms. An inquest will be held th s day at Allen’s Exchange Hotel, Campbell street. 'vaiun On Monday night there was a parade of the Southern division of the Volunteer 9n°Hn’fl 11 con8,6led ,of 6ume seventy of the 2nd Rifles, and nearly thirty of the Citv S an d al ,.Tlle divi8i»n .w»e under the com. mand of the Hoo Major Wilson. Captain Davies, cod Lleuts Lewis and J commanded the 2nd Rifles. The uards were under the command of Lieut mith. The corps went on march through m ( t « s c w dtffereut streets of the city, headed by the 2nd Rifles admirable band, of which Mr W Ihomas is the bundmasier. The voluo teers finally halted st the corner of LivernooL and Murray.streets, and in which locality the parade was dismissed. * At a baby convention in Massachusetts fifteen mothers were present, and, on a volo for tile prettiest, each baby g t one vote. A W estern soldier who had been through all the campaigns, aud shared it many of the fiercest battles of the war writes from his home, “ tiiat he never real ized the horror of war till he got home to Jndianna.and found his girl married to a stay, at home dry-goods cltrk.” J The dead come to life again.__ A case before; the Court of Chancery lately the following singular Btory-— William Turner, a person of unsettled rest, less disposition, in the habit of wandering alone for weeks, was last Been alive on the 7th May, 1865. On that day, ho walked into the house of some ptople named Waller at Guilford, whom he knew. He appeared to i. De in “ a a.,mcst most wr8lchpd wretched coodiMnn—oo....* condition-gaunt and —j , agg" ? ’,c°rereil with boils and sores; with a wi-L1” 8^ 8 T 119'™ boar'1- 8n<1 shivering n! h f Z - Mra Wl,Iler urEed him to go 2 ? ’i18 hrother John, where he would be m 'e’'e: fr0,n w,l"t and made comfortable, i ",''°,r>k, l'i* he",d- • V i,,« ‘h»t he was so s wroiche.J that he could not go to him agAin i -!* 8°r88 T re Pressed with rags and money 7 Z £ T ' t0 ^ / OT “i-night’s lodging. On U v w d ' o atto e hndw i : . fa S , " aa returned w at the body wm that of » taw anknowo, h found drowned, Aflqr the Inquest, two men named E'brrjngton, oame and claimed the body as that of tlieir father, Philip Etbering- (on. Mrs Waller had, in the meantime, slated her conricion, as did some ethers, that the body was that of William Turner. To this one of the Etheringtons replied by asking Mrs Waller If she thought he did not know hie own .father.” This argument .was considered Unanswerable, and tho body was at once bonded orer to the Etheringtons, and buried as (hit of Philip Ethcrington; not however, before the ragged piece of neckerchief round the neck had been token from it. Some months ofter his burial, Mr Etfiet ing* ton, senior, lo the great surprise of his fanhiy, walked one day into his duupluer’s house at Dorling, not in the spirit, hut in the flesh, raoBt confidently assuring them that he had never be.n dead at all. In the meantime a fragment of an old neckerchief had been found under the bed at tbe lodging where William Turner slept on the 7th of May. The piece of neckerchief taken from the neck of the body corresponded ex ictly with this frugim-ntjuud other points of identity, such as tho whitlow on the finger dressi d with rag nad the sores on the body, wore then remembered, * 1licit had not been umioiicid at the time of the. inquest, but had boeu overborne i y the confident aFser.i-m of the Ei heringion’s that the body wna that of their own father, and who coul l know ii better tlum they ? 