MISCELLLANEOUS. TsIE DuxE OF ALa.--The brotheoin-law of Napoleon III. is a short little imaniwho has something icy about his manner.: Small ;and weak; his face displays an alabaster huoe which gives him a ghost-like aspect. In Spain thd . story .is current, that the duke wasburied before he was born. When his mother was, cnciente with him, she was taken so despc ra tely ill, that all attempts to restore her were fruitlcss. The duchess died far from Madrid, in a chateau whichhladalways been her favorite residence. She was buried in the famuily: vault; and as is, the custom of the Spanish vnobility, several valuables, among others her rings, were put into the coffin. The treasures, wlhich had been left to .oblivion with the duchess, aroused the cupidity of some.rumffans, they broke into the vault on the night follow ing the funcral, robbed the deaditoman, and would not reave the coffiu till they hod pluiked a flashing diamond ring from the finger ofthe corpse. The diamond was on the little finger, and would not come off. 'This gave the body snatchers the truly cannibal idea of cutting off the finger. The pain aroused the appa rently dead woman; she came to her senses, sat up in her coffin, and by her unexpected awakening, put the robbers to flight. When they departed they forgot to close the vault. The duchess found sufficient strength to quit her coffin, and return to the chateau, where she was at first taken for a ghost, and a priest was called in to exorcise it. But as lie was unable to banish the spectre, the people in the chateau gradually began to believe in her corporeal existence. The duchess reco vered, and gave birth to a boy, who has never lost the deasdly pallor which 'he brought into thte ,rwoirl with, him. As EL?OPr.NG COUPLE PFUSIED 7000 MILES -Captain Stansbury, late St. Louis police force, returned on Tuesday.evening, having caught, in the city of Quebec. a runaway girl, who eloped with a man from her mother in Cincinnati some two months since. The girl ,was safely returned to her mother by the captain, who was amply rewarded for- his trouble. The captain informs us that he has travelled over:7000 miles in pursuit of the fair maid. Hle said it cost him at least 2000 miles rail and water travel moro than was necessary, owing to the filet that the elopement was pre maturely published in tlhe St. Louis papers. The young lady got wind that the captain was in pursuit while she was in Buffalo, and then commenced a race unparalleled in police annails. Tile captain chased her all over the New England' States, when he founds the fair fugitive had taken the Canada route. She was then followed to Boonshiro Falls in Canada West; thence to Toronto, Bytown, Triqs Rivers, Montreal. The - captain got off the scent of the -fugitives on the Grand River, owing to the fict that they left the main lines of travel and took to a raft, descending the river 260 miles. At Montreal, tile giirl's paramour getting tired out, the latter was left behind, when the girl steamed down to -cueoec, sitcre slue vas naigot, ; y our per severing pursuer.-St. Louis Democrat. SOMIE people have very inquiring minds; but few, we think, curry their curiosity so far as a Yankee friend of ours, who rang the bell of a fashionable residence tile other day, and when the servant girl made her appearance, politely inquired. Vlhat are you'going to have for dinner to-day? The girl, thinking the man was one of their tradesmen, and had made the inquiry inl his business capacity, in. nocently replied, Mutton, sir. Mutton-withl sauce? Yes sir. Ahl, well? I was passing by, and thoulght I would enquire. Good morning. The servant was indignant when she canle to comprehend theo-man's motive but le was too far up the street to her angry denunciations. TRANQUILLITY'.-A good man spoke thus: " The sources of all pleasufres are in our heart; he who seeks them elsewhere outrages tho Divinity. Truth is my compass and moder ation my hlelm. The clouds arise and the clouds descend in rain without causing me any inquietude. When they conceal the sun from me by day, I try to look at the stars by night. Golden roofs do not keep out sleep lessness and care; and were the country shaken by an earthquake, how easily I can gain my humble door. When it is very hot, I cool myself il the shade of a tree; and wheii it is very cool,. I warm myself by working. Old age is comning upon me, but cmy children done for them. If they alwaysobserve truth and moderation, a hundred years will not cost them a sigh. Whatever tempests may arise, tranquillity is a port always open to the inno cent heart. uIail tranquillity of the soul! Sweet charm of life !-kings would sell their crowns to buy thee if they knew thy value. Complete thy benefits--thou hast helped me to live well-help me to die well." CAN THIs BE TnUE ?-Addison says:-I have found that the men who are really the most fond of the ladies, who cherish for them the highest respect, are seldom the most popular with the sex. Men of great assurance, who make words supply the place of ideas, and place compliment in the room of sentiment, are their favorites. PnovEnBS.-Fierce foes make firm friends. Half the glory crowns we see are only gilded crowns of thorns. The wild oats of youth change into the briars of manhood. Life is company, death is solitude. The heart is often better than the head. Admiration without love is sunshine without rain. Grey hairs are the frostwork of age. The sad-colored cloak . of silence often covers the spotted clothes of ignorance. "'leasaut lies, once sowvn, come up prickles. How *MEs SHOuLD TnEAT WOMEN.- Persian poet gives the following instruction upon this important subject:-" When thou art married, seek to please thy wife; but listen not to all she says.. From man's right side a rib was taken to form the woman, and never was there seen'a rib quite straight. And wonldst thou straighten it? It breaks, but bends' not. Since then 'tis plaisn that crooked is woman's temper, forgive her faults, and blame her not; nor let lher angerthee, nor coercion use, as all is vain to straighten what is curved." '. A?tDce TO PABEST.-The child's mind is like a virgin sheet of letter paper;, and its ad dress in after-life will depend upon the way' in which you direct it. CoELTY.-Do 110ot attach yourself to a cruel mash: sooner, you will find him as pitiless for you as he is for others. PEmso.AL EsXPER.IECE.-Mrs. Partiugtoit. says hydrophobia is a fearful thing, as shbe knows from personal experience, having onco heard ther uncle say that ho knew-. a bhaker whoso little boy was acquainted with a man that kept a big dog in a town Where a mad terrier had been killed somi years pie. viously. "A lEsxcl G.ESN.AL, well known in English circles, swho had the misfortune to be bald headed. said that he wished to make a present - to i lady, and to give something rare, -;Give her a lock of your hair,' remarked. Mo trond. SA wo.As being enjoined to try tlheefect' of kindness on her husband, and beisg told that it would iheap coals ef fire on his head. replietd that she had tried "boiling water and that did'nt do a bit of good." TuE Japanese say, the tongue of woman is her sword, and she never lets it grow rusty ftr - want of using. 