PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. punch's tahle.talk. A very smart letter, of course manufactured, from a freed slave to his master, who asked him to return and be a servant He calculates how much is due to him and his wife, less clothinz and ' medicine, for the years his massa had then* labour for nothing, and makes it about 11,600 dollars. If his employer will remit this, as a token that he means honestly, Sambo and the Missis will con sider about returning. Meantime, he forgives Massa for trying to shoot him. I should not oppose the black franchise if a quarter of the negroes were half as clever as this sham one. When the captain of a steamer says grace before dinner, it is edifying to see the astonishment the process causes in snob tourists, who keep their hats on. I only state a fact You often hear a wife say, with a sort of smiling pride, 'My husband, you know, is not the very best temper in the world.' Some of the old songs— the words I mean— were as delightful rubbish as most of the new. Who did this) I remember it as a favourite lay in my youth :- ' Ha«te away to the battle-field, Where honour calls thee, honour calls thee. Stoutly fight and never yield, Though the fear of death appals thee.' 'Dod's Peerage'is a capital book, andyoushould all buy it, if only for the sake of the widow of the auther, who was a gallant officer, and came to an early end by an accident. Dod is aiso a most con venient book, and besides all the useful informa tion, it tells you how to address your betters. Moreover, in case any of you want to be made peers, it gives you the 'unappropriated titles.' There are six counties languishing for the cool shade of aristocracy, Dorset Kent Monmouth, Sussex, York, and Middlesex. Horace Walpole had no children. But he says that if he had possessed any (I agree with Lord Palmerston in hating 'had had') he should have aspired to bring them all up as musicians. Just what you would expect from such a fiddle-faddle as the Hon. Horace Fitz-Hervey. A Scotch ' idiot' who was wiser than most about him, floored a whole assembly of divines by defying them to tell him where to hnd mention of the nine-and- twenty knives that came out of Babylon. Try the first parson on it— Bar Cruden. 1 won't stand that in the Marquis of Hastings. Determined to have the Blue iiibbou of the Turf, he has entered a horse by that name for the next Derby. I call that a do. I have objected to ' had had.' But I do not object to five 'thats' together, if wanted. For instance. ' I tell you that that that that that man introduces, is superfluous.' 1 see several objections to the theory that Lord Bacon wrote the valuable portion of the plays attributed to Shakspeare, the latter putting in the claptrap and objectionabilities, seeing to re hearsals, and taking the reputation, in order to screen the philosopher from the charge of being an accomplice oi player-folk. Hutl like to maintain that theory, because it drives a certam class well nigh frantic. What old-fashioned rubbish the almanacs are. AVho wants to be told when Captain Cook was killed, when the Royal Exchange was burned, and when Thurtell was hanged? And the makers servilely copy each other, not even verifying their ridiculous dates. Evidently the fellows are not brothers of him whose— ' Father had a jolly knack Of cooking up an almanac.' A hundred years ago, real ladies, at whist, blew one another up, more than insinuated cheating, and remarked that 'they had thought the devil had ceased to give lessons, but that they were mistaken.' You will see a lively and lovely dialogue of the kind in the World, evidently a study from nature. There is a disposition on the part of the me chanical genius of this age to get very bumptious. It may be necessary to remind it that true philo sophers, notably Seneca, held that to' invent anything that is merely useful is the work of the basest slave. Abstract thinking is the occupation of the true gentleman— steam engines is low. Let us all go into decent half-mourning for brave Tom Sayers. Say one black eye. AN IMPOSSIBLE TRIAL. ' In the Court of Queen's Bench the Lord Chief Justice is (professedly) a member of the Church of England, Mr. Justice Blackburn is a Presby terian, Mr. Justice Mellor is a Unitarian, Mr. Justice Shee a Roman Catholic, and Mr. Justice Lush a Baptist'— Morning Paver. Snoozer v. Bumble. This case was tried at the last Assizes. It was an action brought by the plantuT. Snoozer, a barber, against the defendant. Bumble, beadle of the Church of St. Forty winks at bnorterton, for various assaults alleged to have been committed during divine service one afternoon. The plaintiff had been continually going to sleep, and, as it was alleged, disturbing his neighbours in church by n:isal noises, and the defendant, after vainly poking him many times, ejected him from the edifice, telling him to be off and sleep at home. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, damages one farthing, and he resolved on asking for a new ;rial. Much interest was excited in the profession by the hearing of an ecclesiastical case before the mixed tribunal now presented by the Court of Queen's Bench. Counsel of ecclesiastical ten dencies had been retained. Mr. Bovill moved for a new trial, on account of the smallness of the damages. A farthing was no compensation to a man for being publicly paraded all down the aisle in the stern clutch of a tyrannical church officer. The Lord Chief Justice wished to know at what period of the service the ejectment was served. Mr. Bovill— During the bennon, my Lord. The Lord Chief Justice -Unless the sermon was a very good one. primd facie an improbability, I think, Mr. Bovill, that bo Jar from your client being injured, the beadle should be considered a bene factor to him. Mr. Bovill— I am informed that the sermon was a very Rood one indeed, my Lord. Mr. Justice Blackburn— We ought to have sirens evidence of that It is a very unusual thing in England. Mr. Justice Shee— And in the State Church in Ireland. Mr. Justice Mellor— In any church in fact. The Lord Chief Justice— Or chapel. Mr. Justice Lush— I dissent from the Chiefs last remark. Mr Prideaux said that nothing could be more valuable than the dicta with which the Couit had favoured them, but that inasmuch as the plaintiff had been pertinu.-iously and schismatically going to sleep all the time, the quality of the discourse was not of immediate moment The Lord Chief Justice— But suppose the sermon cent him to sleep. Mr. Merewether said that a man had no right to go to sleep in church, and cited the authority of George Herbert to show that the worse the sermon the more the hearers were bound to use patience. Mr. Bovill said that the Bervice had been long, owing to christenings Mr. Justice Lush could recognise nothing of the kind. Mr. Justice Blackburn said that the superiority of the Scotch Presbyterian religion .was shown when cases like this arose. Had there been a deacon, he would have quietly remonstrated with the offender, and }mt have given him a wee pinch of snuff. Mr. Justice Lush could not consider a snuff-box as a proper thing to be produced in any religious edifice, however agreeable elsewhere. The Lord Chief Justice— That's because you are a very particular Baptist Brother Lush. Mr. Justice Mellor— I don't at present Bee that we should disturb this verdict If people will go to church they must behave decorously. They must take the consequences of exposing them selves to the non-intellectual influences of Buch preaching as they get there. Mr. Justice Shee might not think that persons should go to church, as to a lecture, to have then intellect entertained; but passing this, the case showed the disadvantages of the pew system. Had the plaintiff occupied a hard chair, he would not have slept Mr. Justice Lush said that sleeping was improper; but that a free Englishman should be poked, collared, and hauled about by a huge clown fantastically dressed up like a chimney-sweep on May-day was intolerable. Dissenters had no beadles. Mr. Justice Shee agreed that a beadle was a contemptible object. Look at the splendid Swiss who preserved order in a continental cathedral. Mr. Justice Lush said that he was worse than a beadle. The Chief Justice— I am afraid, Mr. Bovill, the plaintiff will take nothing. Mr. Henry James (as amicut curia) suggested that the plaintiff had taken too much, or ha would not have enne tn slcen in church. Mr. Bovill said that if so it was wicked: but if all wicked people were to be turned out, and debarred from hearing that they ought to be better, what was the use of a church? Mr. Justice Mellor had not said that it was of any use. Sir. Justice Lush had not said so either. Mr. Justice Blackburn begged to intimate that if church meant kirk, he saw great use in it The Lord Chief Justice— What injury has your client sustained. Mr. Bovill ? He has not heard part of a sermon of which he manifestly wished to hear none, and he has a splendid advertisement, Mr. Bovill— Consider the pokes in the poor barber's ribs, my Lord. Mr. Merewether was instructed that the pokes were the mildest form of physical suasion, such as are used to induce a doll person to comprehend a witty observation. Mr. Justice Blackburn— Not barbarous pokes, Mr. MereweiherJ (Great laughter.) The Lord Chief Justice-Besides, the treatment has given him iclat. Very likely he is known as the barber-martyr. Also the beadle has read him. a valuable lesson for his soul's health and refor mation, as they say elsewhere. He m\\\ not go to sleep in church any more. Mr. Bovill— He will never go to ckurca any more, my Lord. He has turned Dissenter. Air. Justice Lush -lam very glad to hear it : and ashe has received that benefit, andon other grounds, I concur with my Lord that there should be no new trial. Mr. Justice Mellor— We have not before us the form which his dissent has taken. Mr. Merewether— One of the forms set apart for the Sunday- school children at the Independent Chapel my Lord. I am instructed to hope that it will tip up with him, and send him rolling, the first time he indulges in his soporific propensities. He will then find out his error in leaving the easy yoke of the Church of England. Mr. Justice Mellor— I concur with my Lord, and at present my sympathies are very partially aroused for this purblind barber. Mr. Justice Shee- 1 am of the same opinion. Yiauanhbut non dormtenlibut. Mr. Justice Blackburn-I am just agreeable. It would be a good thing for sleepy barbers and such cattle if you had a Kirk 8e*sion in your Erastian establishment That would wake you all up The Lord Chief Justice— Ihe Court is unani mous, by whatever diversity of roads that unanimity has been attained. We cannot say that any. of the parties concerned deserve much credit It is always open to a good-natured neighbour to kick the shins of a sleeper, aid had one of the congregation of Rt Fortvwinks had the kind rJ&£ keep- ^kking '8 Pontiff's Bhins, the Court does not believe that he would have gone to sleep, It is alleced by defendant's counsel that the sercjnn was very geod ; but -we have no evidence of this and the ordinary common sense and knowledge of mankind point to a different conviction. Bumble, the beadle, technically did hia duty arid his conduct is unimpeachable therefore, but he seems a bumptious kind of beast And the plaintiff deserves no sympathy, as be roust have known his own habits, and had better have attended service before dinner. Rule refused. MAGNETIC. Gentleman--1Is it possible to send a kiss to Brighton? Ojerkess-'Oh, yes, Sir; but it must be re peated two or three times, to make quite sure.' TKY 08, THAT 8 ALL. Eh? What's this I 'Lord Clarendon is a gentleman in every sense rf the term, but he labours under a defect of Dharacter which, unsatisfactory in common men, is fatal to a statesman-he cannot say No. Whether this be the result of a life spent chiefly in diplomacy, or is natural to him, or be super' induced by the bad practice of smoking incessantly. we cannot tell; but the fact is as we have stated _ it'— BlachcooeC s Magaane for November. Is our friend daft! What does he mean by tho passage in italics? Why, what ha* smoking to do . with the power of saying Not We smoke incessantly. Let him come and ask us whether we regard his allusion to a gentleman's personal aabics as good sense or good taste. A MTSTKBY CLEARED UP. No wonder that ghosts enter roomi, though the floors are locked. They are all provided with skeleton keys. QDEBT FOR QDSKN'B COUNICBL. If a barrister takes one's new umbrella out of Jourt instead of his own gingham, an he be said jo have 'taken silk.' THB FLIBT'S rABADlSI. Coquet Island. BONDS OP FKNIAN BBOTBEBHOOD. It is said that the Fenians in America contem plate the issue of 'bonds.' Cuibono! Then :aptive brethren in Ireland, whose movements are now limited by certain stone walls, have surely dready had tnough of bondage. EXTRA-LATE UNIVEBSITT 1NTKLUCKN0B. Exhibitions have been awarded to Beveral dis tinguished people. The Emperor of the French is to hold his in two years' time. The Linacre Professor of Anatomy is to lecture upon %l The Fragments of the Greek Philosophers.' On alternate days he will lecture on 'Critical Operations, including the art of Cutting up au Author.' ' The Professor of Political Economy backs him self to dine at the Clarendon (London) with any one. The Eawlinson'mn Professor intend3 to lie in bed as late as he likes during the cold wether. The teacher of the German to -ngiiage proposes to have some fun this term. Hi wn t give any lectures. Cambridge. The Cams prize has been adjudeeft to the most deserving candidate. The Don'tcare-us prize has been presented to an incorrigible uudergraduate ou his rustication. Colkgoof at Bees. The term will commence on tht; uiual day, when the students will meet in the Hall, and inaugurate the season by singing Dr. Watts's ' How doth tho little,' ice, The following notice of lectures (or the ensuing term has been issued :— The ProfcsBOT of Languages will lecture on 'The English Alphabet; its Use and Ahu»e.' Students who omitted their ' H ' course last term are specially invited to attend. Haspirants for honours will have a hextra lesson. The present series will not reach beyond words of two syllables. The Queen B. Professor of Morality will lecture on 'The Government of the English Tongue.' Subject; the nominative case and verb. Colonel Stodare will attend tvice a week to lecture on 'The Rudiments ot Natural Magic, better known as Spelling.' The Principal of BtBccs will hold culminations on the first Monday of every moath. These will be held in his own house :— 'Principio stdts apibus ftalioqut pettnda.' Virg. Goorg., lib. iv. \- (Translation.) 'The Principal's ;place of resi dence must be sought by the Beet men.' Singing.— The Learned ProfiBsnr of Vocal Music at St. Bees will, in future, be tho well-known EnglUh buffo, Mr. Honey. HOAX ABOUT INDIAN KEMP. A recent impression of Allen's Indian Mail contradicts a report that high rank in the civil service of India is held by the two sons of Mr. Calcraft, the finisher of the law. We are justified in further stating that no official ia that servica has even any such hangers-on. THE ADVKKTISKK'S PABADISB. Puffin Island. EXKUCI8E FOR CUT CLERKS. A run on a Bank. GROUNDLESS ALARM. Adventurous Husband— 'I'm off to tho Crystal Palace; and by the by, Ishillveiy likely go up in Mr. Glaishwell's balloon. But pray don't be In the least alarmed 1 There's no real danger 1' Affectionate Wife-^'How nice I Shall you bo home to dinner, lovel' Disinterested Mother-in-law.—' Ch.irming 1 But tell roe, Hichard, will it not invalidate your life assurance!'* WHAT BATS SIR CHARLEJ WOOD? The newspaper understood to lupreficnt Mr. Bright signifies that it would be a becoming thing to appoint him Secretary for Indui. Certainly Birmingham supplies the Indiawi with guns, and now supplies them with gods- good commercial reasons both for handing India to thu member for Birmingham. And we know none better. THE RULING PASSION. We know a clerk in a Government department (he otjects te the common phrase, Public Ofilce) who is so precise, so married to routine, that ho dockets all his Inve letters, and minutes hut answers on the back, ties them up neatly with red tape, and puts them in pigeon- holes. lie always writes to the lady on half margin,' aud never visits her without first making an appointment. AH the correspondence goes by the messenger. KLANO. The idiocy of one and the vulgarity of many. DIGNIFIED WORK FOR ILLIMTHIOUS MEN. Mr. Gladstone has been making a speech at Edinburgh, in honour of the bust of Prh-t» Alfred! punch's table-talk. She made a neat reply, to whom u lie observed, ' the King can command my dutv but not iuv honour, Ou il n'y a ricn, le Jloi )-ero' les ilroits.'* I wm talking to Lord Derby about liis admirable ' Homer,' ami we happened to mention thu passagtt where Dinnicd and Glaucus changed armour, and the latter is thought to have the word of it, giving pold for brass. ' 1 am not surn that we should think so now, Mr. Punch' said the Karl. ' llieht you are, my Lord,' said L and wo cited several instances in which brass had done more than gold could do, but it would be manifestly improper for me to mention names. My own lnodusty has been mv worst enemy. Well, I do not know that the slans of French rascaldom is richer than that of our own scoundrels. But tho Parisians have borne odd words. An impostor who pretends to have epi leptic fits is called un batteur de dig-dig. A dramatist has one great advantage. He can pillory his enemies in play- bills and on the Btage. A oreilitor may bo insolent and bis attorney may be extortionate, and the play- writers can inako things pleasant for both by giving their names to the rascals in his play. If it runt, all London talks for a year of that brute Kundsugar, or that thief Mr. Cheatincosts. Their families, shopmen, customers, clerks, and cousins all take care that they Viearnf itof ten enough. Ware libel, of course. It is difficult to have a straightforward answer from a Highland witness. One of the Scottish Judges, weary of the evasions and circamlocuUous of such a witness, said to tho inier/ircler, 'Mr. Macweedle, do denire the man to iay Yes or No, , if the Gaelic language admits of such subtle distinction.' I'll tell you another Scotch story, b;caiwe it will be useful to any of you young follows who may bo tempted to put his, name to a 1-UI ' to nerve a friend.' Don't. But tho fitory is better than advice, and may stick in your mindii. A Laird, of prudent character, was earnestly besought by a neighbour to do this for him. He refused, civilly. The neighbour pressed it saying that it was a small thmg to do. and would be of much seiyice to him. Again the Laird declined. The neigh bour became urgent. Then Raid tho Laird, 'Johnnie, my man, look here. If I put my name to this bill, you will not pay it; I shall bo made to do bo, and then we shall quarrel. If you please, we'll quarrel now,' while the money Is in my pocket/' There is an old boak called ' The Toilet of Flora.' Hand it me down ; it is on the fourth shelf there, third volume from the window. Thanks. It says in the preface, 'The chief intention of this performance is to point out to the fair lex (that means women) the methods by which they can preserve and add to their charms. ' There wo many curious hints in it; but just hear what the author prescribes as 'A Secret to take nway Wrinkles.' No. you are not going to bo sold with, a sentimental old moral about cultivating bene* volent sentiments, and then your wrinkles will not be notioed-the ladles of that day vouU) have pitched away the book and called tin writer &. confirmed prig. Listen to the words, ft power :— ' Heat an iron shovel red hot. Tbiow thereon some powder of myrrh, receive the. imoke on your face, coveringyour head wi,th, a, napkin to collect the smoke. Do this three times. Then heat tho shovel again, and when fiery hot, spit on it a mouthful of white wine. Keceive this vapour also in your face three times. Continue this proceeding every night and morning as long as you find oc casion.' Now, go home and try that, some of you who don't look quit© as young as when I first knew JOU. Lord Melbourne served out the Bishops at the time of the Hampden controversy. He suipettedi that many of them abused the doctor's lectures without having read them. So he pretended to be ill for a couple of days and mastered the hook he was fond of reading theology. Then he had a dinner party, asked ever so many Bishops, and artfully questioned them, a* f»r their information. I am told that the blunderinj an/1 floundering ot the orthodox hierarchs was a treat to the light-, minded. I have a notion that If tie same thing was done about Colenso— but pass tho wine. I knew a young lady who Baid that she didn't like turtle soup. Affectionately rebuking her. i was answered piteouily. that she didn't mu(h object to the taste, but that she thought It 8».&uet; and wicked to kill turtle-doves. The devotees of the Hindoo god Draika wtU on no account lie. I have never met any of them. I will never be photographed aga'm except under chloroform. ' Great nonesense Is talked about novel-reading. Thousands of penoty cannot do better than teail good novels. Such study Is the only educational process possible with the minds of a certain class. They are, actually and hopelessly incapable ot mental work. And it is a good thing to give them an ideal of something above the standard ot vulgar existence. The bad thing is that low folks love low books, and therefore do not get elevated at alL The Blight compensation, again, is, that by reading such folks get some Insight into spelling. But the author of a good novel is a man whom the State should honour. I shall write several. I remember being in the House in March, 1818, when, on the Army Estimates, there was com plaint that officers who drew half -pay were restrained from taking civil occupation. Lord Palmerston said, 'The fact is, Sir, that half-pay is a kind of retaining fee for the arm;?. If officers were allowed to enter the civil service they might become adverse to the military.' Later, he defended the augment Uku of our military force on the ground et 'the increase of our population and the consequent increase of turbulence.' ' Hear, bear,' exclairr.ed Brougham and others. ' It is easy to say ' Enow thy self,' bji* who in to introduce yout Most people go through life with out making the advantageous acquaintance in question. And if a friend should tako the liberty of introducing you to yourself, you hate him for ever. Kevenee is sweet But it ought not to go the . length of inviting an enemy to a family party. TROH T0NIC8 TO IBBITASTS. Spain, not satisfied with her course of Penman bark, has now plunged herself into a Chili pickle. This splenetic small Power does not know what to be at, and the great Powers ought in kindness, to put her into a strait-walBtcoat It will not prove easy to secure her, to judge by the dexterity with which she has slipped out of her bonds on former occasions. WHAT A OTTT OOMPANT DOM. It may not be generally known that the duty ef spectacle-makers is to get up the lord Mayor's ! Show. Glasses round, and then they proceed to business. 