THE METROPOLIS. i From out own Corresnondent.1 Adelaide, October 4. oince my last we have bad showers nearly every night, and it is still raining. As far as the season is concerned we have now nothing to wish for, though I do not think the extreme hopes of an abundant harvest we hear continually expressed will be fully realized ?' for all the rain we can get will not fertilize exhausted lands. A large proportion of our farms will have to be rested, and left in grass to recover heart, after 25 years of wheat cronpinc and Ridlev's machine. Wheat still goes downward — the figure to-day being 4s. 9d. to 4s. lOd. ; flour, .£13 to £14. Hay is also falling, and is sold at the following prices : — Best whealen, £6 per ton j good mixed, £5 10s. per tonj good wild oaten, £5 per ton. Today is the dreaded 4th, when each merchant and auctioneer rises with heavy forbodings of Shrivogals, with the mournful prospect of windings up and dividends of 5s. During the past week or two persons have striven to contract business and avoid paper as much as possible, and this prudence may have its reward a few months hence. The fact is it is extremely difficult now to say whose bills the Banks will take; and the whole system of trading is a risk, a puzzle, and s. grief. We are now looking forward anxiously for the mail, hoping for better news from the old country. The Panama mail, which, supposing the Atlantic cable to be all right, would have brought about eight days' later news, has not arrived, though four or fire days overdue. Our Legislative Council elections are prac tically decided, the only boxes not examined being those from Flinders, which will not be here till Sunday next. The following is the result of the polling as far as known : — First Writ — Four Members. Hogarth ? 2,165 Mildred ? 1,975 Bagot ? ... 1,859 Hodgkiss ... ... 1,708 Verco ? 1,352 * Stow | ? 919 Hughes ... ... 850 Solomon ? 784 Parkin ? 552 Hardy ? 347 Homersham ... ... 307 Second Wkit — One Member. Hogarth ? 790 Bagot ? 634 Mildred ? 480 Hodgkiss ? 441 Parkin ? 409 Hughes ? 359 Parker ? 331 Hardy ? 106 Homersham ... ... 96 So the jolly farmer is at the head of both lists, and the question arises whether there will not have to be a new election* The electors have not placed Parkin, the jester, at the head of the poll for one member, and we are not warranted in assuming they would have done so had it not been for the complications produced by the arrangements of the Attorney General and the Sheriff. The position of Hughes, the magnificent, is not flattering. Remembering his ' esteemed relatives' ' assur ance to the electors of Wellington that though ' he (Mr. H. K. Hughes) sat at the tables of the highest in the land, he was accessible to the humblest citizen,' it is really distressing to think so much condescension should be thrown away. The 'Talk on the Flags' had one good idea last week, when it congratulated Mr. Hardy upon the fact that he was in every sense of the term the representative of minorities. Long may he represent minorities. I will never cavil with Hare's system while it places 'the consistent supporter of the Hon. John Baker from the time of the Auction Company until now,' even within one step of his proper position on any poll for the representation of the colony, or any district of the colony, in either branch of the Legislature. In Parliament things are running along tolerably smoothly. The debate on the estimates was resumed on Tuesday by Mr. Colton in a tedious speech, in which he alternately endeavoured to be statesmanlike and humourous. ' I don't,' said he, *' see anything flowery in the Treasurer's statement.' Of course, hon. members were expected to laugh, but they didn't, so. the humorist pro- . ceeded — ' I see no flowers about it.' This attempt being also unsuccessful, the wit thrust his head forward, paused, grinned, and made a final eflbrt — *' I see no flour about it.' Here the House were compassionate, and out of pure humanity laughed, and the speaker, apparently satisfied, proceeded with his oration. Mr. Reynolds was far more rational and practical than he has been daring the session. It was Reynolds with the froth blown off. He urged that in crying out about the drought the Treasurer ignored the present good season. This was true,, hat it was equally true that Mr. Reynolds overlooked the fact that the drought still exists over a great part of our Northern districts. Mr. Reynolds was more fully correct in. showing that while the Trea surer spoke of the falling-off in cattle since 1859, he omitted altogether to' mention the fact, well known to every one*, that this falling off is due far less to the drought than to the substitution by the squatter of sheep for cattle; and that, although there was a decrease of sheep from the drought, they had largely increased1 since 1859. He thought the revenue from rail ways and from the Customs was over esti mated, and that for the ensuing year there / would be .£30,000 less revenue than the Treasurer expected. Messrs. Bright, Martin, and Cavenagh followed, and the debate was adjourned. All the speakers were opposed to the Civil List Bill, and to the increases for salaries on the Estimates. Mr. Colton was in favor of pushing on rail or tramways j Messrs. Bright and Martin thought they should he left to private companies. Mrs. Briggs, late Matron of the Hospital, has been a subject of warm discussion in the House of Assembly, the Government having been accused of harshness in dismissing her so summarily ; asd on Wednesday the House passed a resolution for voting her £130 compensation. Mr. MeKin lay's journal has been laid before Parliament. It does not condemn all the country he has seen so utterly as was expected. It condemns Escape Cliffs, and all the land on the Adelaide, except a little about the head of the river, as. 1 worthless ; recommends about the aeouth of , -4he West Allisator as the best site yet examined for a city, there being high land mear the coast ; praises Anson Bay, and speaks tolerably well of the land ^hout the Daly, though stating 4hat river to be unnavigable for vessels. But Mr. McKinlay only just looked at these -places of which he speaks favorably, the country he travelled over being almost worthless. What the Government will do with the territory I cannot say, but it is stated -. they will abandon it, and refund the money, j That is the best course they can adopt, for at j the rate the^survey progressed -while it was - in operation, it would take four, surveyors 16 ; years to survey 250,000 acres. The civil sittings are still dragging their slow length along. On Tuesday the case of ! Macdonald v. Galbraith came on, when, as i everybody foresaw, Mr. Justice Boothby j showed the utmost possible bias against the I defendant. 'This was an action on a bill of ! exchange, defended on the ground that it was an accommodation bill for the benefit of the plaintiff, who wanted the money to pay a de posit on account of his share in the runs in the North that Galbraith, to his sorrow, since ,**held with the Hon. T. Elder. Macdonald ^afterwards forfeited his share, and there was an end of it, till recently, after a period of three years, he has. been brought over with this trumped up ease. . Mr. Justice Boothby stopped all the important evidence in favor of the defendant, on the pretenee that the partner ship accounts were matters only for a Court of Equity. He said it would be monstrous to allow one partner to sue another in that Court; yet that was what Macdonald was doing. His Honor told tbe Jury that they had no choice in the matter, but must find a verdict for the plaintiff. But the Jury understood the case; they understood Mac donald, and how he came there, although the cause of action arose and the acceptance was given in Victoria ; they understood Mr. ; Boothby ; without doubt they understood the ? malignant and infamous persecution to which | Galbraith has been so long subjected ; and they ! returned a verdict to the following effect : — ' The Jury are unanimously agreed that the bill for £200 was purely an accommodation i bill for the benefit of the plaintiff, and there- j fore give a verdict for the defendant.' ' Do ! I understand aright?' said His Honor. Oh, j yes, there was no mistake ; he must be wil fully deaf who could misunderstand that verdict, delivered in the sonorous voice and : in the impressive manner of the foreman, Mr. ! Crawford, Manager of the Union Bank — not a j bad authority on the subject of acceptances, I your Honor. I We have had several cases of sticking up ; during the last week, one of them being inTavi- . stock-street, where a ruffian armed with, pistols j stopped two young men named J-le and .Appledore, about half-past 8 p.m. As he was : relieving Ide of his watch, the other bolted, when the footpad fired at him, the ball passing : through his belt and into his side, and woun-i- ? ing him dangerously. The wounded man j was at once taken to Dr. Moore, who attended j to the wound and seat the sufferer home in a ! cab. Since then he has been attended by ! Drs. Spicer, Bayer, and Phillips. j The opening of the Co-operative Store on , Saturday last was a great success — the crowd j of customers filling the stop, thronging the ; doorway, and stretching some distance into ' the street. There was a concert at White's Rooms on Monday last, when Miss Alice Edith Molteno, aged nine years (sister o£ the infant musician), performed beautifully on tbe piano and harp, i I am glad to see both the Register and Advertiser condenwied the conduct of the parents of this' child in bringing her on the I stage so soon after her brother's death, and '? disapproved of trying the health of young J children in such a manner. The whole tlitjig ! was a wretched exhibition of heartlessness and ' bad taste. It was trading upon the untimely ' death of the little boy ; and in the placards j that were posted about the city that mournful circumstance was refeired to for the purpose of drawing an attendance. Surely the sacri fice of one gifted child should be sufficient ! The exhibition of 'The Ghost' by the Alex ander Brothers at the Town Hall, on Wed- j nesday night, was great humbug, and- was j received with groans, hisses, and all manner I of indescribable cries. The Rev. Samuel Annear is lecturing on the liquor traffic and other subjects with great success. 