[ A WORD ABOUT THE AUTUMN. ÜX l'KO-ASUB. , , I . The very satisfactory entries for tho three stales al- ready closed, hold out abundant promises of a most successful Autumn Meeting for tho' Australian Jockey Club ; and I for one do sincorely hopo that affairs will so progress aa to fully tally with such a good commence nient. , Wo have tho' Champngiio Stakes for twu-yeur olds, with Ufteen nominations including tho formidable names of Fishhook, Syren, and iiudelight, from Mr H. Fisher's verydaiigerous stable, with well-bred colts and lillies from almost.nil tho leading studs of . our own Colony; but I shall loavo this lot of juvoiiiles to tnlk about when. they begin to show what thoy aro mado of. Tho St Loger, long since closed, shows, still a vory numerous array, of likely ones ; for, although I suppose moro than halt of tho original " toto" to bo either dead, or as safe as if they wem, thora is no chanco of anything but titi exciting face with lots of speculation, whilo Olovo, Pitsford, Angleiyand Lady Heron aro to tho foro, not to spcako of l'y ram us, a remarkably fino colt, Beatrice, Ludia, Sapplio, mid sovoral others which aro surd to bring with them to the post plentiful confidence of many friends.' Tho great race bf tho. Meeting I supposo will ba tho Sydney. Cup, (scandnl, though somo pooplo would cull it that tho Australian Jockey Club should havo their principal ovent a handicap), and with this my chiot business at present lies. Twenty-seven nominations will (should circumstances be favourable),, mako up a very rich Btako; aiid, on looking down the list, I cannot help thinking that it lot of bolter nags I have noror seen engaged in a Colonial Handicap. Thoro aro tho very best of every ago at prosont hailing from New South Wales, and tho two crack throo-yoar-olds of Victoria, whoso spirited owner seems determined to try conclu- sions with Clove mid l'itsford in the Handicap as wall . -as in tho Legor. lt must bo, 1 nm auroa matter of much regret to. the sportsman of this Colony that Mt* Fishor alone, of all tho studmnsters of Victoria, should have mudo up his mind to join issuo with us in tho Autumn ; and I hoartly wish the " Squire of Mary byrnong" much better luck than orar yet awaited him at Randwick.. All must sorrow over tho wholesale thinning' which the ranks of Victorian horses, presently available, have lately .imdorgonc ¡ and~«o-tth»fmnBt\'in~alBreat^rñWuTp ns attributed the paucity of ouf Holbourno entries';* bul I in) common with ninny ótliow should hnvcj dearly liked to^oo Panie give «is a taste;bf Iiis quality nt his favorita distance for tho noxt Cup. ' To return h'owoyor -i-to'tho matter tn hand. A good'entry having been secured for the Cup; tho next .thing of consequence' is'th'o'Hondi onpping, and, with such a lot to bring together, tin's is anything but an easy. task. I havo before to-day hud occasion not seldom to compliment Mr Lackey on lu's great succesB in bringing out numerous acceptances, largo Holds at tho starting post, and close finishes nt tito winning one ; and it is not with any idea that tho A.J.C. Handicapper will on the present occasion tako less care than usual, that I refer at all to tho subject. Tho cnn ilitionB of thoSydnoy Cup, mako tho success of tho stake aa well os its value to depend entirely on the horso - owners being satisfied with .tho handicap {_ and to adjust tho weights BO as to secure t his desirable, though most un- likely end, will rcquiro not only considerable knowlodgo of tho Bubjeot, but o very; largo stock of independent détermination to back it. Theso qualities' I bohore Mr Lackey to possess ; and I oxpect I hey. wilt, stand out boldly on tho 28th. Ono circumstance which renders handicapping a largo field of horses, including many thrcc-ycur-olds, especially dilHcult in this Colony is tho scarcity of vory light weight riders, making it imperativo upon tho handicapper to begin much higher .than he otherwise would ; and in the present caso this evil is rather aggravated by special facts. Wo have, to begin with, cloven aged horses ; including the two that last week went so fur ahead of all previous Australian per- formances as to run three miles in 5:47,-tho winnora of last year's Qneeu's Plato and Great Handicap, who have ever since done nothing worthy of remark or penalty-Forester anil O'Meara who havo : both dono good things; lately as regards both, and always OB regards the latter, in moderate company, but nothing more-Rioter, obliged to leave tho Turf und go to tho stud-the littlo cocktail, Paris, good among animals of his own class in tho provinces,-with Potentate, the Kim, and Lunatic to make up tho number j und if (to borrow rathor a hackneyed expression) we have the '. Panie quality," I'm quito sure that of Toryboy is to bo found os well. These havo all to bo brought to one level if possible. Tho great Champion nags placed side by side with the third and fourth raters, that for season's past porhnps have been slowly, though surely, working their way down among tho "dufforj;"'nnd this basto bo done in such a manner that tho owner of cooli and overy horso shall bo satisfied. Whatever tho Australasian may think upon tho subjoct, racehorses of tho Toryboy class aro absolutely necessary to tho success and w'oll being of our Turf; they form by far tho largest proportion of tho animals in training ; and as they havo no ghost of a chalice at weight for. age with tho few " Panics" that ara .. to be found, somo encouragement must now nnd again bo given to their owners, or they cannot and will not keep thom year after year in training. Were there no others in tho race, tho eleven aged horses would try tho qualifications of a handicapper plaguiiy. Of tho three ' livo year olds Sir Patrick and Miss Magus hura been out ' so often within the last three or four months that I look upon them ns tho easiest pair in tho lot to. ossign weights to; while Deerfoot has not lately been hoard of; and beyond that he comes from .Terara, I know nothing about him. Whether Yattendon will ever do anything to bear out tho promises of his two and three year old seasons, is much more than I think any one can at pre- sent tell ; and as for the other four year olds, thoy havo as yet only distinguished themselves by very mediocre, doings indoed. Nino three year olds complete tho list, and niuo such three year olds". Their presence will giro Mr Lackey a little extra trouble, seeing that Bonio.of . them at any rate must bo in very light indeed to give them a show with tJio top weights. The fallacy about ita ' being possiblo to handicap a race-horse and a donkey somo people believe in literally ; but f om strongly-of'opinion that there aro horses in tho Sydney Cup that weight cnn hardly bring them together. Strango as it may appear, tho animals wortny ol' tho ñamo of race-horses predomin- ate in this nico, while tho scrubbers aro very few rather, to my thinking, au argument in favor of handi- caps, if one were needed ; and a pretty good proof I lint the owners of our cracks ure quite willing [ to try them all ways against their less speedy or less.onduring, or less "constant" fellows. It is, ns you and I know full wei', a mighty thankless task lie imposes upon himself, who sums up, or endeavors to do so, before tho weights aro out, tho various horsos entered ?for a handicap; but this you will sec I linve not exactly :doue. It doeSj'howerctynppenr to mo of so much itu i po'rtancc that this handicap.-should bu n good and a popular one-of importance-'iidt only to the owners of tho nags, but to the A.J.O. ; to tho betting men (without whom, after all, racing cannot thrive), and to.tlie gene- ral public-that 1 cannot help putting in a word or two. Tho handicapper has two important considerations be- tween which lie hus to find out and strike into thu happy medium. Tho " Panics" of the lot must not bo thrown out of tho raco by some back-breaking impost never be- fore heard of, and ot. tho samo timo tho "Toryboys" want their chance of throwing in; so between theso two is somewhere to bo found tho medium path which will givo a stake of over £500 besides tho Cup. All this t hope and expect t osceaccomplished. Kothing would pleaso mc better than to see twenty at tho post, hull'a dozen with- in a length nt tho finish, and Tarragon run a dead heit with Paris or Tho Nun. I don't forget that Archer won tho Melbourne Cup with lOst 'llb on his buck, nnd that ho would havo gone for it the following year, under a stone more, if his acceptanco had- not been too Into. Ile wasn't frightened by tho weight ; and no horse should be with a fair quantity of it, if ho be in condition, and tho weight is required to bring the othor horses in tho race near him. I well remember, nt Melbourne in 1855, that littlo Tomboy, then four years old, came out j very strong ; nnd after winning thveo races, ho wos han- dicapped ot eleven stone for "Degravos's Cup," having alreudy won ono nico on tho samo doy. His owner, Mr John Orr, rodo him himself, and won in a canter. I forget now what was in it, but there was a lot of them at ony rote, and most of them very light in. Thoy may not. havo been a first-class lot ; "but then Tomboy was " only n pony," ind certainly had had tho devil knocked out of him as a three-year-old, to say nothing about boing " burnt ont" os a foal, and starved for tho next two years. All theso things considered, I don't think a very good horso in tip-top fettle should grudge giving a littlo oxtro weight awuy, in order to give classes threo and four a chance; but I wouldn't havo him completely driven out of a handicap in order to inako way for tho duffer division. . ? . . 