^ ? » ? PEDESTRIANISM MATCH FOR £50. The long-talked-of event between William Edmunds of Wost Maitland, and Henry Maxted of Newcastle! came oil' pursuant to previous an nouncement in this journal on Saturday evening lsist. The race, as our readers are already aw are, was for £25 aside, for a distance of 200 yards. Owing to the local competitor being so well known, the race caused a good deal of interest and excitement in Newcastle. In Maitland also, where the other competitor, Mr. Edmunds, is so well known, considerable interest was felt in the match, a fact that is pretty clearly evidenced when we mention that about forty persons came up with Mr. Edmunds to witness the contest. The time fixed for the race to come off was half-past four o'clock, but it was fully half-past live o'clock before a start was made. Notwithstanding the heavy showers which fell during the after noon, and the counter attraction of the Naval Brigade match which wa.3 being shot oil at the same time, an unusually large aumber of peo plo assembled to witness the event. At the time when the race took place there could not have been fewer on the ground than from seven to eight hundred people. The race was run, as most of our local readers are aware, on the Cot tage-bridge road, not however, without an ob jection being raised by Sergeant Conway, who cautioned the runners before they started that if t.linvi-iinthov would besummonedforobstruct hv the public highway. The backers of each ja°ty fooling that tho selection of another piece of ground on so short a notice would involve muoli difficulty, and perhaps result in the indo linite postponement of the match, decided in letting the race como off on the Cottagebridge rotul ? and risking tho consequences. All the preliminaries having been at length arranged, the two competitors made their appearance on the ground stripped at half -past live o'clock. Both men had plenty of backers, although those who fancied the Newcastle man were not anxi ous to bet unless they got odds. Tho betting just before the men stripped was in many cases even for small amounts, ranging from 5s. up to 4:5 ; after the men drew up at tho scratch, however, nothing could be done in the betting lino with out giving six to four or live to four on the Mait land man. Six to four, we believe, were the greatest odds given in favour of Mr. Edmunds. As the timo for starting drew near the excite ment among the spectators was very great and much difficulty was experienced in keeping a clear course for the runners, the running ground being hemmed in on both sides the whole distance of four hundred yards (two on each side) by a dense wall of people two and three, and, iu some places, three and four deep, nii.n o+....f f.wiL- Tilnnn hv mutual consent, and X llu Dwu'iU bUUA |JA**o\y *SJ *»»»».»?*?« — — ? / I after throe or four attempts, the mon got away on pretty equal terms, Edmunds having, how ever, a decided lead. The cry ' they're oil ran like wild tire along tho lino of spectators, and everyone's neck was stretched (crane-like) for ward to catch a glimpse of the man on whom their money was staked, and to loam his exact position in the race. The backers of Mr. Max ted wore doomed to grievous disappointment, for no sooner had tho start been elleetedthan it became, to many, ' painfully apparent,' that the Maitland man ' had it all his own way. And such was actually the fact. From the scratch to the finish Henry Maxted never had a ghost of a chance, Edmunds winning the race just as he liked, and coming in an easy victor l,,, curia frmr nr fivH vards. Several times in the race Edmunds was observed to look back as if to see where his opponent was, and what ho I was likely to do, a movement which caused I much amusement to those who wore on the win ning side. The distance was done in about twenty- three seconds. Tho stylo of Edmunds I running was much admired, and oven those who were losers to a considerable amount were forced to admit that ' a good man had won the race. A large amount of money changed ha.ids on the match— we have heard it estimated at from £250 to £300, and from what we saw ourselves, we are. disposed to think the latter sum is not beyond the mark. The trainer of the Newcastle man is named Brown; Mr. Edmunds, wo understand, ' trainodhimself,' and we must certainly say tho 'futtlo' in which ho came to tho scratch, and the style in which ho ran reflects the highest credit on his trainer. We ought not to omit adding that, notwithstanding so much money was lost on tho race, we neyer hoard a single dispute, or hardly an unplcasantword, everybody bearing his loss '- like a man.' The money was paid over at the Prince of Wales Hotel on Saturday night. After the above event was over, another good race for *10 aside took place on the same ground between John PaU-id : o * est Mai - land ana- ? ?— ? j.uui»mi v* ,.«-«- — , -- t , known as the ' Scotchman.' This was a capi tal race, much better, so far as regards the com etitorsibeing well matched is concerned than the ;o7mer one. From tho start to the handkerchief both men kept well together, Patrick winning the race by about a couple of feet only. A good deal of money changed hands on the race, the 'Scotchman being backed to win very freely by the miners. Another match for *2o a-side, was to have come off on Monday, between the Scotchman and another miner, named Hill, but owing, it ,* believed, to timidity on the part of the former, the event fell through. | 