Domestic Animals, Chapt . IV, We propose now, after a long interval of five months to resume our ser ies on domestic animals. The last animal we wrote about under this head was the little house lizard or the gecko. We will in this article describe another animal belonging to the same genus, scientifically classed among the Saurians, and in which class belong crocodile or alligators. Preposterous, some of our readers may think, to class a species of the alligator among domestic animals! But wait a little and we will show good reasons for what we do. The animal we now allude to is called by the Siamese tookkaa, being so named because it always utter this word when it speaks. Its general form is much like that of an alligator but a thousand times smaller. We class it among our domestic animal because it makes its home in our houses, and is a harmless, serviceable, social and beautiful creature as seen on our walls and ceiling, coming out every evening to look at you you, and serve you in hunting and catching bugs and beetles that are annoying you by buzzing about your lamps and your heads. - A full sized tookkaa is about ten inches long from the extremity of its jaws to the end of its tail, the latter being full one third of its whole length. Its head is somewhat of the dart shape being one and a fourth of an inch long, an inch wide from side to side, and three quarters of an inch thick. The two small nasal orifices are quite near the extremity of the upper jaw; the eyes, being as large as a small pea and beautifully black are set in the sides of the head a quarter of an inch be- hind the nasal passages; and the ears are placed quite in the posterior part of the head. The tookkaa is a quadruped, having legs two inches long with five toes on each foot, armed each with sharp claw. The balls of the toes look much like a fine rasp, but when seen through a glass on which they are holding, the grooves of the nasp-appearance . entire ly disappear. This must be the mechanism of divine make by which they are enabled to exhaust the air between their toes and the ceiling, and walk with their backs downward, But they sometimes forget to use it and hence fall from the ceiling pro- ducing a concussion which quite stuns them. Sometimes they fall on your heads and by their claws shock you dreadfully. There is a great similarity in the color of tookkaas, which is a very curious arrangement of pale red spots on a pale green ground—the red occupying less than a third of the entire superfices. The order is such as to form nine or ten green circles around the body some three quarters of an inch apart. The red spots on the back are a little protuberant, but on the belly they are quite smooth, Looking at the creatures without a glass, they-appear to be covered with a coat of mail made of the smallest glass beads very closely set. But when you take a magnifying glass you find that the beads are only scales neatly lapped on each other. There is the appearance of a small corded seam on each side of the belly marking, as it were,its boundery. The jaws of tookkaas are capable of sufficient expansion to grasp the largest beetles, but they make a singu ar ado in getting them ready for swallowing. Beetles being too large to swallow at once without any preliminaries as they do flies, and too strenuous of their own right to life to suc comb without a vigorous and prolonged struggle, tookkaas have to work hard for their living after they have caught their game. They will give it three or four hard sakes and raps on the wall every few minute, and this operation they have often to continue for an hour or more before the beetle is dead and sufficiently broken down and softened to admit of swallowing. If the wall or ceiling be of wood the noise consequent upon this struggle is much like that of a knock with the knuckles by a visitor at your door. And many a time have we been awaked out of our sleep by it, supposing that some person was thus asking for permission to come in. It was only a few weeks since when our daughter was startled from sleep by a rapping at the head of her bed. She searched the wall thoroughly in the direction whence the sound came, but found nothing that could cause it. Becoming quite nervous about it, and unable to sleep, she called us up to her aid. Being accustomed to the ways of tookkaas we immediately sus pected that there was one of the creatures on the outside of the ceiling knocking the life out of a beetle. We took a lamp and opening the window blinds looked outside in the direction of the sound, and there we saw one of the largest tookkaas doing just the thing we had suspected. Taking a long stick, we struck him fairly and sent him down to the ground when we went down and captured him as he was badly wounded. We put him into a glass bottle to preserve his life until we could take time to give him a thorough examination, and hence the minute account we have now given of the tookaa. We feel that we cannot well afford to loose the present opportunity to relate a circumstance which occured to one of our foreign merchants here more than a year ago, in which we fully believe tookaa figured largely. Our friend the merchant related the affair to us himself and was great- ly puzzled to know how to account for it. He was no believer in ghost apparitions, nor witch stories, nor spirit rappings. So far as we can remember his account of the matter it is as follows. He was sleeping alone in his bedroom near his office and his money chest—being some what skittish of thieves, and consequently had several servants within call, whom he might speedily summon to his aid in case of a tussle with a burglar. He was awaked in the dead of might by a misterious rapping on the outer wall of his bed room. He got up and searched for the cause but found it not. He rapped heavily on the wall with his hands, but that only lengthened the intervals of the concealed rapping. Thinking that perhaps, it might be some mischievous person playing a joke upon him from the outside, he hallowed to fright away; and seeing that this produced little or no change in the capping, he took his pistol and sent several balls through the ceiling in the direction of the rapping. But this remedy likewise failing, he and his men went out to search outside, but found no reasonable cause of the mystery. The rapping was continued at intervals sometime after that, and our friend could scarce ly settle his mind in regard to it even after our explanation of it. He was not willing to think that he has been so humbuged by a tookkaa. Tookaas lay their eggs in concealed nookes and corners of our houses, but not in any thing like a nest. Having singular power over gravitation in re gard to their own bodies, they are enabled to extend the same to their eggs, and stick them up on the side of the wall. They are about the size of sparrows eggs and of a purple colour. The noise which a tookkaa makes as intimated above is simply the utterance of its name, and that is loud enough to be heard many hundred yards distant. They speak the name eight or ten times in succession with inter vals of two or three seconds between each. They begin their set speaches with a strong and distinct utterance of the name tookkaa, and very gradually diminish the volume of the sound of each utterance until the close of the series, when it amounts to but little more than a grunt, as if the lungs had become quite exhausted of air. Nov this is an awful sound to one unaccustomed to it when waked by it in the dead of night. We remember how an old friend of our was startled by it when sleeping in a barrack of a house some 30 years ago when he first came to this city. Had not the sound come to him in such measured accents. he would have thought that it was a warning from some human friend to rouse up and take care of himself from fire or from thieves, for the utterances are much like that of one saying take care-take care. But it was too formal and too cool and prolonged to be thus interpreted. What on earth thought he can it be ! Is it a voice from the tombs warning me of death? No, for this has never been any part of my education—that is all a humbug. Can it be a satanic influence.. Well, it is possible thought be at least indirectly through his emisaries. So he looked about for the rascal who trying to scare him, and behold it was only a tookkaa. 