The present position of matters political is certainly ono of the most anomalous character. iSTot only is tho minute, nd- dressed to the Governor by Mr. M'Cul- loch on tho resignation of Ministers. extraordinary in itself and at vnrinnce with tho actual history of the events re ferred ta, as they have occurred under our own eyes, hut so also are the proceed ing adopted by the Assembly at tho instance of Mr. M'Cullocii against a leading contemporary journal, on the score of parliamentary privilege, strange and uncalled for under the special cir cumstances of that case. "With reference to tho minute addressed to the Governor, what possiblo grounds are there for the assertion put forward in that document with respect to the action of tho Legisla tive Council in repeatedly rejecting the tariff, viz., that "tho only conclusion which reconciles and explains the contra dictory action of the Council, in this respect, appears to your Excellency's ad visers to uo tliia : that, in reality, the majority of tho Council have been, from tbo beginning, utterly indifferent as to tho character of tho tariff; that their oppo sition to it has only awkwardly masked a deeper policy ; that that deeper policy aims at tlic resumption of tho control of the Crown lands of the colony, by means of tho displacement of the present Ministry, but .that such policy cannot bo safely or prudently avowed, in the present temper of tho colony ?" The Council has repeatedly set forth in tho most formal manner that its members were willing to concur in tho adoption of a_ Protectionist policy for the country, since the majority of tho electors had pronounced in favour of such a policy, but that tlicy would not, and could not, accept such a policy, when tho measure which embodied it was couched in terms which ran diametrically counter to the requirements of the Constitution and attacked tho rights of the Council as guaranteed by tnat Constitution. Can this be gainsayed ? Or, is it any answer to the argument of tho Council to assume, without tho shadow of proof, that the solo guiding influcnco which directed tho Council in its opposition to the tariff was a desire to resume the control of tho Crown lands of tho colony, by means of t.lic displacement of tho present Ministry? This is certainly a most gratuitous asser tion, of which not even tho shadow of proof has been offered by Mr. M'Cul locii and his colleagues. For the rest, wo may lcavo the minute to its own un supported special pleading, convinced as we arc that it will not imposo upon tho common senso of the country. With rcfcrcneo to tho alleged breach of parliamentary privilege committed by our contemporary in impugning tho truth of some of Mr. M'CuLLOcn's assertions on a previous evening in tho Assembly, we must confess our astonishment at the irascible temper of the Chief Secretary in attempting to seek solaco for his wounded self-esteem hi' invoking the thunders of parliamentary privilege ill suchamatter. Mr. Hig in nothasi in his cus tomary special- pleading stylo of argument, in reply to Mr. Gillies, endeavoured to Bhow, that it was a violation of parlia mentary usngo for ono member to charge another with direct falsehood, or with tlio utteranco of a He. No doubt it would bo so ; and for this rea-on, namely, that if in tho course of debate hon. members were not to he guarded in their use of lan guage, all discussion would simply result in personal quarrels between the mem- bers of tho House, and all freedom of dis cussion would be at an end". If hon. members did not put a restraint upon their tongues, and did not study to nvoid the use of language which would givo personal offence, all possibility of digni- lied debate, or of tho intercommunication of antagonistic views, would bo impos sible, and tho arena of Parliament would degenerate into a bear garden. The collision of opinion, out of which truth is elicited, would bo out of tho question unless fenced round by the strictest guard of polito language. So far as the intercourse of hon. members with each other onthefloorof the House is concerned, it is indispensably necessary that all vioa voce contradictions of one speaker by another, should bo conveyed in a form of speech free from ' irritating or offensive character. And this, tho practice and rules of parliamentary debate stringently provide for. It would thereforo be botli unseemly and a breach of tho usago and even tho privilege of Parliament for ono member openly to charge another with falsehood. The very existence of freo viva voce discussion demands this. But will Mr. Higinbotuam say that tho Press in criticising the speeches and averments of members of Parliament in debate, is hound by tho strict letter of parliamen tary usage in this respect ? Will ho say that restraint admittedly necessary to be put on the tongues of hon. members assembled together in debato on tho floor of the House, stauding as they are face to face with each other, is also incumbent on tho writers of editorial comments in the Press. Besides, tho comments of tho Press nre subsidiary to the debates in Parliament. They uro not addressed por- sonelly to members of either House, but to tho public. And tile very nature of such comments by the journals requires that they_ should bo more out-spoken and more plain of speech, than the observa tions of members in tho House. It is for the Press to do, what lias been left undone by the debnters in Parliament, nnd what could not he done by hon. members them selves, without provoking a breach of the peace. The very naturo and cssenco of the liberty of the Press, is that it should bo more emphatic and out-spoken in its censure or condemnation of tho language and actions of public men and persons iu Parliament, than is possibly allowable to these persons themselves, when speaking on the floor of the House. Otherwise tho freedom of the Press would bo hut a sham. The grand distinction between the con dition of tho Press in freo constitutional countries, like thoso of Groat Britain nnd her colonies, and tho Press in positively despotic countries like Austria and llussia, or in moek-liberal countries like France, is that public writers in tho journals may speak out their mind openly, candidly, fully, and freely, without fear of ulterior consequences, upon affairs of State and upon the official actors and speakers en gaged in these affairs of State. But if parliamentary privilege is to be held in lerrorem over journalists in constitutional countries, in the, same way as the govern ment censorship is held menacingly over public writers in despotic countries, tlion there is an end to the safeguards of per sonal freedom and of liberty of speech, which were supposed to ho the especial characteristics of a country of free insti tutions. Mr. Higinbotuam, whether intentionally or not, has cqnfounded the usage of restraint put by Parliament, for the obvious reasons we have referred to, upon the speech of hon. mombcrs entering into viva voce discussion on the floor of the House, with the unshackled freedom of comment, which is the inheritance of tho Press in a constitutional country. We do not moan to say that the lan guage of our contemporary was nltogcther free from objection. In tho hurry of writing, the journalist may havo used plainer and moro downright explicit phraseology to characterise certain thiugs, than he would havo done, when in a more deliberate mood of mind. But is that a sufficient reason to invoke the ponal powers of parliamentary pri vilege against him, and make those powers of privilege assumo tho aspect of an odious tyranny at variance with the spirit and genius of free institutions and of parliamentary government? To invoke tnese penal powora on every petty occasion, when tho wounded self-lovo or petty spite of an hon. member may so prompt him, would bo to create, under the guise of free institutions, an intolerable tyranny, as odious and contemptiblo as it would ho short-lived. For, tho people would soon awaken to the insufferable nuisance of aueli an infliction, and would pledgo their representatives in Parlia ment to put a stoudy end to it. Parlia mentary privilege is conceded by the people from a senso of its utility, when ex ercised within proper bounds, in main taining the dignity and tho inviolability of all legitimate parliamentary action. But it is not, and never was, intended to bo made a weapon of unreasoning and pas sionate persecution in the hands of irascible members against all outside the walls of Parliament, who may chance to tread rather heavily upon the silly self-conceit of vain, ignorant officials who aro puffed up with an undue and ridiculous senso of their own self-importunce. It is, however, to this ludierous pass that Mr. M'Cul-. Locn would reduce the privileges of the Legislative Assembly, and wo do hopo that for his own sake, as well as for that of the dignity of the Legislature, some friendly counsellors will interpose to save him from himself in this very paltry business. Mr. Fellows returned to town yesterday f.ora Queenscliil". Wo have not heard what progress ho has made towards the formation of a Ministry, but it Is understood that he has not given up tho task. Both Houses of Parliament meet this after noon. There is no business set down on the Council notice paper. In the Legislative As. sembly tho prlnclpBl question to ho disposed of will be the order of the day for the attendance of Mr. Hugh George, the printer and publisher of the .1 rgus newspaper, at tbo bar of the House. There are likewise a largo number of notices of motion. Tlio election of 'a member of the Wyndbam ' Shire Council to»k place at the council's offices, (in Saturdoy. Messrs. Richard Ii Ignr and Fre derick E. Garrett were the candidates, nnd at the close of tlic poll the votes were : — Edgar, .13; Gnrre.tt, 50. Tho returning officer, Mr. Leake, therefore declared Mr. Edgar elected. Ear.h candidate returned thanks to Ills sup porters, and Ihn proceedings closed Willi the customary compliment to tlio returning officer. The thunderstorm which passed over Mel bourne on Sunday morning last is staled to hare broken over Kcilor Plains, near Maidstone, witli unusual violence, to havo quito startled the inhabitants nnd created a tcnstUion among the cattlo. A tree in Mr. Solomon's paddock was split right Ihrongh tlio centre and brought to the ground, some of the fragments being thrown to a distance of 30ft. Hailstones of the sizo of horsebsans fell immediately after tho thunder storm, and remained on He ground for some time before being dissolved. Nothing dnimted by former defeats, Mr. Wetnyss Jobson appeared ngain yesterday as n suitor in lite County Court. The defendant this time was Mr. llosic, of the Scotch Pio Shop, in Uourkc 6treet, who was summoned for L10, the lo s sustained by Mr. Jo'ison through ills iion- Bftendanee as a witness in a case tried in the Police Court. Mr. Jobson stated that it was his lot some months ago to be editing a small theatrical print named L'Hntr'Actc for 10s. per week, his remuneration being supplemented by payment for small paragraphs, or " puffs," and 25 per cent, for any advertisements lie ob tained. In this way there was n sum of L14 or L15 due to him. lie then withdiew from the paper because tlio proprietor, Mr. Hildretb, at the instance of the late lessee of tho Theatre Royn), wished liioi to writo a notico slendering Lady Don, then performing at the Hnymarkct Theatre. Mr. Jobson summoned Mr. Hildretb to the Police Court Tor L13 lor. OJ., and Mr. Hosie was suhpajnaed as a witness to piovc that same odrertlsemtnts and puffs were ivriltcn for him. Mr. Hosie, however, did uot appear, and the case was ifinuis-cd, nnd Mr. Johsou now argued that fie was entitled to recover from him (Ho.dc) tho 1.13 15s. Gd. for which lie sued liildrntli, 1.4 4s. expenses, nr.d LI lis. 6d. tlio costs for which Mr. Hildretb hud threatened to incarcerate liitn. For the defenca It was denied that Jobson had sustained imy injury through Mr. Horde's ab sence, because if. ho had atteuded he could have proved nothing, as lie never employed Jobson, and because liililretli paid into court a sura of 10s. for the work done for the present defen- dnnt. It was also proved that a witness named Jeffreys had sworn that Jobson acknowledged lo having beou paid by Hildretb in full of oil de mands, and that when Mr. Hackett heard this testimony he dismissed tho complaint. There was a rather long cross-examination of Hildretb by Jobson, which caused some amusement, and during which the witness characterised some of Jobson 'a statements as lies, an observation for wliicli ho was censured by the Court, lie denied that he esked .1 oli-ou to slander I.ady Don, or that he askid him to correct ti:e bad spelling and worm grammar in a number of lettera signed " Long Tom," Mr. Johsou said that the witness was stating untruths, nnd that lie would take other proceedings ngninst him. His Honour gave a verdict for the def. udnnt, witli L8 10s. 4d. costs; Mr. Johmn complaining of what he called the extravagant amount allowed to tile witnesses. The sixth annual meeting of the Moravian Mission to tlic Aborigines was held yesterday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute. Judge Polilman was voted to the chair, there beiDg about sixty persons present. The Rev. 8. L. Chase read a long account of the proceedings of the mls-ion during the past six years nt the Wimmera, in Gipps Land, and elsewhere. Mr. IV. E. Morrcs then read the report of the com mittee, which stated that at thelnst meeting tho committee reported the arrival ef f iur Moravian missionaries— Messrs. AVnlder, Kramer, Mcisscl, and Kulin — destined for the projected mission to Cooper's Creek. Difficulties had, however, pre- vented the establishment of that, mission, and the income of the association had sufficed to meet all ncedlul exertions without any special excrtlonH on tlio part of the committee, and a respectable balanco remained in tho banker's hands. Thero was some difficulty in canvassing for subscrip tions to the mission at Cooper's Creek, as the missionaries were still in Adelaide. The trea surer's account statod that they commenced the year with a balanee of L17G 10 j. Gd. Additional subscriptions, amountiog to L332 lis. Gd., lind been received, making a tolal ofL5G0 11s. On the other hand there had been paid L75 for the Wimmera mission, which continued in great measure self-supporting; and L-238 17s. to nnd for tho intending missionaries to Cooper's Creek, and L24 le. 7d. for incidental expenses, making n total of L337 18s. 7d., and leaving L221 12s. 5d. in the lmndr of the treasurer. Whether or not that balance weald be needed to carry out a mission to Cooper's Creek, the com mittee begin to doubt. The aspect of the native races towards the whites had grently changed during the past tweire months. They were no longer friendly, or even indifferent, but had manifested open hostility towards the settlers. On the oilier hand, the rapid spread of the white population had made the remote interior easier of approach. There were, however, other places where missions miglit be formed with much ad vantage to tlio aborigines, and less danger to the missionaries, and it was worthy of consideration whether it might not bo better, in tho altered (ircumstarces of the case, and endeavour to establish a mission in some locality nearer tho sea-board, and thorefore less liable to be cut off from succour, in the event of the unfriendliness of the blacks or of the recurrence of such a drought as the present. Tho Rev. Dr. CalrnB moved the adoption of the TAnnrfr lintl IIia nnnntnimant nf It.. f_11 ' " V" ' ,,,u in lutj lUIIUWing committee for the ensuing year : — Revs. M. H. Becher, S. L. Chase, J. Eggiestonc, M. Goethe, G. Mackic, W. Potter, nnd A. Ramsay ; and Messrs. J. Browning, II. Jennings, W. E. Morres, W. S. Slmw, R. Smith, and , J. C. Waiters. The rev. gentlemau, in tho course of bis reinurks, referred to tlic obligation which lay upon the colonists to endeavour to make some recompense to the miserable remmnt of the blacks for our depriving them of their lands. The motion wbb seconded by M. H. Jennings, and carried. Rev. Mr. H. Becher moved a resolution expressing the thanks of tho meeting to the Moravian brethren for their missionary exertions, and affirming that tho result of their labours entitled them to the sympathy and sup port, of tlio Christian public. The motion was seconded and carried, and the meoting ter- rainntod. An incident in connection with the recent land selections Is thus described by a Raywood correspondent of the Bendiao Advertiser: " At nbout 8 o'clock Inst Friday niaht tile usual monotonous quiet uf our small town was broken by the sound of a number of men's voices in the bush, apparently a' out half a mile distant, singing ' OH Ji.lin Brown.' Every no.v and again, as tlic breeze wafted the sound towards us could be heard, 'We are the boys, etc., etc ' The neighbours asked cne another who the par ties coulu bo that were so merry these dull times. The mystery, however, was soon selvet), as three conveyances came dashing down the street, and Btoppcd nt tho Royal hotel — ap parently the dummies' reudezvous— for the con veyances contained the returned dummies. As soon as they Btopped, tbreo cheers wero given for the glorious termi nation to their patriotic journey. After the cheers were over, the cldef of the tribe, who ap peared as if ho had been encouraging his own trade by u'iog alcohol, and was in eoastquenco a Httlrblt elevated, got down from his seat, when an affecting incident took pinca. Our worthy Mayor was stauding in the street, and tiie chief made up to him and made several futile attempts to embrace him, and, offering his hand, at the same time said, 'If I have done anything dis honourable, or dhhonert, don't tako it ; I don't till lie I have done anything wrong, but I have made mure money in these last three days than all the publicans can make in Raywood In three months ;' then turning about as If addressing some one, lie said, ' Where is the bellman ? Send for the bcllinnn, nnd let every man know he can have a drink for nothing !" After nn orntion to the people in the street, which lasted about twenty minutes, tho wbolo party retired to the Royal, where they spent a very jovial evening, and wore very lihera'Iy supplied with cham pagne and other' good things, mml kept it up till a very late, or rather early, hour. Do you think, Mr. Editor, thnt these men will ever find fault with the Land Bill, or the mode of selec tion ? I think not." The first sitting of tho newly constituted Appellate Court of Mines, was held yesterday, before Mr. Justice Moleswortli, (he Chief Judge. Tlicro were four cases on the list, in nil of which his Honour reserved judgment. The court was then adjourned sine die. In the Insolvent Court, yeslerdny, the Com missioner granted a certificate of discharge to Thoinus Walters, of the firm ol Walters, Boulton nnd Co., into ton merchants in Bond stroat. The certificate was opposed by sevcrnl creditors, who alleged that tho firm had obtained credit from them by false representations. It was announced that the decision of tha Commissioner would ho appealed against. Tho Connoisseurs Club of Victoria hove ap pointed Mr. Win. Johnson, of St. Kildn, their consulting anal; tical chemist. A meeting of the Collingwood Gold Mining Company was held last evening, at the Free masons' hotel, Smith street. No business was transacted, and it was resolved that another meeting should bs held at a futuie dale, when the reports will lie brought up. By the steumsliip City of Adelaide we have a file of tlio Adelnido Telegraph to the 17lh inst. The news has been anticipated by telegraph. A most extraordinary mogisterlal proceeding is reported by the it. and .If. Advertiser: — The vagaries of Dr. Dobbyn, Mayor ofWan- gnratta, have almost readied tlio culminating print. On Saturday last ho was asked to become bail for Mr. Vonnrx, n farmer at Nortii Wan- g'.ratta, whs had got mixed up iu a squabble about a horse in the afternoon of the some day, and for this object Dr. Dobbyn, it is supposed, arrived at the court-bouse. He peremptorily told Canslahle Evens (l lie constahlo in chargo of the station in the absence of Sergeant Montfort), to open the front door of the court-house. Evans said lie could not do so, as the keeper of the cnurt-houso had got the key. Ultimately ad mittance was gained by passing through the police magistrate's private room. The Mayor, accompnuied with Constables Evans and Bailey, nnd Mr. Meyer, then entered into tho court house with nil pomp nnd drcumslancu. This was about 8 o'clock In the evening. The Mayor took his sent on the bench, amidst tha blare of a single candle, and asked for the charge-sheet, which had been innde out by the Mr. Meyer pre viously alluded to, he having come upon the scene something liko a ghost. The Mayor also asked if the defendant Mr. Vonnrx had been brought up on a summons or wnrrnnt. On being satisfied on tills point, lie immediately wrote discharged on the charge-sheet, also odding Hint there was not tlio slightest grounds for tlio police tnking Mr. Vonarx into custody. The polico had no alternative but to discharge him. Tho number of visitors to the National Museums of natural history, geology, and eco nomic geology, nppiled to mining, agriculture, nnd the urls, for the weekending 17ili March, was 1484. Tiie museums are open to tho public daily (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. in tho nortii sido of the University, and in the unfinished portion of the Naiional Museum building nt the hack of (he University. A lecture in connection with the Albert street Young Men's Association, will be delivored this evening, in the Albert street schoolroom, by the Rev. Isaac New. Subject: "Edmund Burke." Some dnys ago we alluded to a person named Eliza Dowling, who summoned a man named Bees to the Sandiidgc Police Court for abusive language, as being p. disreputable character. We ore glad to learn from inquiries made that the character borne by the complainant scarcely justified ns in using so harsh a term. The police in that district havo only to cnmpliin of her violent conduct. The /if. A. UTail is informed that the pri soner Connors, who escaped from the Castle- maine gaol a few days ago, was re-captured yosterdny morning in the ho uso of his wife at Golden Point. Ho was nt once conveyed to his old quarters nn the hill, in custody of warders Lawlor and M'Kenzie, ta whom the credit ef his discovery is due. The " Scheol for Scandal" was given at the Theatre Roinl last night, with a strong csst, and this, one of the best of the comedies of the good old school, was done full justice to. "The Critic," another of Sheridan's pieces, will be played to-night. An entertainment was given last evening, at tiie Old Olympic Theatre, In Lonsdale street, by tlio Gorman Sick and Relief Society. It com prised the. presentation of two comedies, " Monsicnr De B!e," nnd " Who Laughs Last," and afterwards a lioll. The last-named comedy wus sprinkled with political allusions which excited considerable laughter. About 400 persons were present. Too society lias been for five years in existence. Mr. F. Gellcrecht has been the president of the society from its com mencement, Mr. O. Brinckman is the treasurer, Mr, Schennerling secretary, and Drs. Lilienfeld nnd Johnnssson tho medical attendants. Several entertainments havo been given before, and th9 proceeds lodged at tho Bnnk of New South Wales in old of the funds for the relief. The performance last night was very successful. 