OUR LADY NOVELISTS AND ANTHONY TROLLOPE* I (FHOlt THE AUSTRALASIAN.) | It is idle, at tho present day, to discuss tho merits or dcmuits of eithci novel writing or novel reading in the gross. For right or for wiong, the actions of prose have shouldeied out of their former BOV ereignty tho fictions of poctrj People do, indeed, continue to study, and long may they do so, such gems of beauty and art as the writings ofTennjaon and Long- fellow, but foi ono that will tiiko up a poem a thousand will rend a novel In one, perhaps tho highest, blanch of fiction, tho drama, this is most strikingly exemplified In Lon don, a century ngo, nearly evory one but tho Etuct leligious nonconformists went to tho thcatio, and tho chief passpoit to literary iauio was to wnte a play A successful drama then not only brought in many bun diedsof pounds, but was at onco a passporl for the autlioi to the highor lanks of society All tins is changed We aie spuikiug now of London, of couisc, not of the colonies Pcoplo who work till sixpm , and dine at sereu, do not choose to be worried out of thou cosy clinnsto go to tho theatio Thoy piefer to sit quiet, and lead a now spapcr or a novel. It is not with tho well to do only, but all who can read, and havo a few pennies to spaie, that tlie same taste prevails Jennj, the maid, reads novels quite as much as Lad} Lucy tho îmstieBs ; but Jonny's tnBto in novels is of quite a different class from Lady Lucy's Her ladyship, unless she unfortunately let her vitiated imagination run loose upon Balzac, Georges Sand, and so on, will, if she be healthily minded, prefer to laugh over Pickwick or the Old Curiosity Shop, precisely because they deal with a class of people with whom she has not tho remotest acquaintance, and who aio as non to her as if they had lived in middle Africa. Jack and Jenny s taste, upon tho sumo principle, iuns entirely towards tales of tho high nobility A quarter of a century ago, when tho so called fashionable novels were the rage, written for tho most part in the back parlour of a small shop in Soho, by such gentlemen as Mr Mortimer Knaggs, as described in Nicholas Nickleby, who was enabled to give his little descriptions of fashionable life through the instructions of his sister, tho dressmaker, poor Haynes Bailey bewailed tho utter fall of tho romantic novel "Oil It ulUifle, tliou once wn l tliucliiiinci Of li Killi) til it B it lip all llifcllt Thy lieioLswciuMumorb in iiuiiom, I li\ liiioinee ilmiiBels in wh ti But p ist iro tlij tembló tomín«, Oin lipi with (IUIHIOII we curl, Unit.«a winn Killumi how a. 1) ultim Convenid tilth lier coubintlio 1 ml I The fashionable novel of that day has only shifted its giound, and io appeau in tho pages of such productions as the London Journal, tho Famili/ Herald, and so on those remarkable journals in winch " Emma, aged sovenlecn, potito m flguic, with nez retioussé and bright blue eyes, considoiod pi etty, and veiy anniable, will bo glad to cor îcspond with a handsome young man of daik comploxion, with black bun, and possessed of a Lompeünci/, with a view to matrimony ," and whore tho " dark young man, aged twenty -Ino, and possessed of £150 n-ycai, iinding bia life lonely, is willing to take to his bosom n Clnistian young lady possessed of n competency, and will evoi fondly choiish her," or, taking a boldei flight, "an Hail's daughtoi, possessed of £5,000 a year, will bo happy to marry a middlo agod gentle- man, provided ho bo decidedly pious "f Not one of these cunous publications, which cu cu lato not so much by tens as by kundi eds of thousands among shopboys, echoolbojs, junior clerks, uppei opeiativcs, schoolgnls, shopguls, waiteiesscs, cooks, housemaids, kundi esses, ladies' maids, and the like, can get a salo unless they contain a murdei or a seduction to catii numbci, and any numbei of coionoted personages Thoy ruo like Mu Pnmiose, wife of pool deal old Ohvei Goldsmith's innnoifal Vicar of Wakefield, who, when the wandering paintoi painted that lomarKable pictmo which, when finished, was too big to get in at tho door, insisted upon having an unlimited numboi of diamonds depicted on hci stomuchci gi al is To a dealer ni this lind of Ano writing who is unsuccessful in getting an appointment foi hi caking stones on the high load, hy far tho bcttoi paid and heallhiei employment, we should Bay " strain youl muiders line, dash in join seductions neatly, but plaster with Eails mid Countesses, Dukes and Duchesses, Kings and Queons to any extent " It is nuts to a poor worn out milli- ners appi en tico to i oad by a farthing dip during the one bom which she can spaio between tho weary day and tho fovoicd night, how ono as pool as lier uiariiodthoDukoofDrawcauBir, and over aftei lived m a palace on blano mango and iced champagne In tho same spirit Tittlebat Titmouso and his fnond Huoknback weio infinitely comfoited m their garret by discussing the maiiiago of tho Duko of Middlcmns, and Mi Chuckstei îojoicecl m 10 lating the true details of the quairol botwecn tho Marquis of Blankshuouud Loid Bobby, and that "Violetta Stetti of tho Italian opoiu .was not allowed fiftcon bundled a yeal, and a pago with kid gloics (as was moiistiously îe paitcd), but without kid gloves, winch was tnnnontly sutisftictoii Truth, lion ov or, compels us to own that these absind produc- tions, howcvoi licketty m the details, aie not actually linmoi al m their principles, oi neglect- ful of the balanco of right m tho ond Tho wicked duke always gets tiounccd, and tho vutuous footmun triumphant, tho chiof blundu being that it teaehes a couplo of millions of Englishmen and English« onion to behove that all dukes arc vicious und all footmenuituous, (ill wo mo tempted to dm into thou eais tho sentenco of tho daimg man («hut courago ho must have lind1) who comiuonced "bom of poor but disJioncst patents " Tho social danger, however, of these writings is not much They aro too stupid to do great harm Mi 1 ltzball, tho chief concoctei of thom, is as undangeious as milk and watoi, or diluted nnowioot, oi Btalo poi ridge, or cold potatoes, or cold roast veal, and nearly as digestible ns the three last If tho people wcro not i eading ti ash of this kind thoy would probably bo dimkmg gin, and if an evil, they aro at any rate a leeser evil in placo of a greater It is very diffuent with tho so callod sensa- tional novel pur sang of tho present day, which is really dangerous precisely m the ratio of the pot verted talent employed in it It has onsen to supply the craving for excite- ment characteristic of this go a hoad nine- teenth century, winch oravos foi highly-spiced intellectual food, and nauseates the simplo Wherever thoro is a demand tboro is a Bupply, and tho Bupply comos in tho shapo of such wntcrs as MJBS Braddon, Wilkie Collins, and very many otheis, inferior, but still good enough to bo i ead, and w o fcai prodigiously read among tho middlo and upper classes. Of Wilkio Collins "HO havo no space to speak In Ins wiong line hois very able. His Woman m While, to mention one alone, onco taken up is not readily laid down. But having littlo 6pato to spare, wo prefer to pass to a lady wiitcr who lins probably sold moro copies than any other novelist of the day, except lhnckcray and Dickons-we moan Miss Braddon. Wo are bound to admit that she Los very considerable mci its In the first placo, she writes pure, racy, ldiomatio English, the very reverso of tho picsent nowspapor slip-slop At intervals, too, m spite as it wcro of herself, sho IB tolerably truo to nature Aurora Floyd is a lumping handsome Tomboy of a girl, to our taste very disgusting, but just tho kind of girl who would bolt over tho ropes and i un away with her groom. Thcro is littlo or no exaggeration m this. The squire, too, in tho same work is a good picture But, take all m all, throughout all her works runs tho same stream of unhealthy Btimulants. "The Belton Entât«" By Antlioiiy Trollope Pill Hanlin Hie " Fertiiiklitlj Itevkw, ' «ntl "rho "listrtlasliui " I rait Effect is all that is aimed at, and, wo are bound to say, is often attained Her great object is to stimulate ono of our stiongcst puBBions-curiosity She constructs a niOBt ingenious puzzle, and defies us to find out tho clue The puzzle lasts thiough three octavo volumes, but, when the clue is given, all mtorest ceases Very few we suspect, would lay down Lady Audley s Sea et or Aurora Floyd till they had gono thiough the «bolo, but ho or she must bo a remarknolo glutton of tho marvellous M ho would read oithor a -second time The morbid mtei est excited by a lirst pci usai turns upon a second into contempt Such men, women, und events as Miss Brad- don describes never existed olf tho boards of tho Olympic Thcutro, tho Stirroj, or Sadlor's Wells Take, for instance, Lady Audloy and her deeds-a timid, blushing, blue eyod minden, who omis to tv.onty years, but looks soventeon, tho idol of all who know her, turns out all the time to bo an accomplished bigamist, with a-ieiy considerable genius for minder Allowing that tho charactoi is poa Bible (Constituco lvent, to flit), though most improbable, tho actions desenbod arc, at any rate, impossible Fragile girls of twenty aio not ablo to Uno« ex dingoons SIT. feet high, and proportionably broad shouldeied, into wells, aud then ictiuii to lint andwarblo all tho ovenmg Macbeth, as a fighting mau all his life, had Been mid done a gicut deal moio of bloodsheddmg than Lady Audlej , but when he had mm dei ed tho king his silent agony only allowed lum to scrow out betweon his tightened lips, " 'JLVas a tough night, ' and, after slaying Banquo, Banquo s ghost was OÍ er by bun We allow that a very bad woman is much moro letnorseloss than a voij bad man , but MIBS Braddon s talo is a moral impossibility, and Shakspcarc, no opiue, knew human natuto better than Miss Braddon Es diagoons with biokon anna, aftor tumbling lift) feet, aro not able to dambci up in half an hour a slippery well sido Least of nil do baronets' wives, under any cucuinstamcB, walk at midnight into hotels and set them on file, in order to inako a loust of tho inmutes lins kind of thing moy do woll enough m a mclodinmn , it is ridiculous und o donen o when put in pen and ink When well blown out, and at hei wits' end foi it now e_ute mont, sho cowes upon tho mvaiiablo lcsoiuce, the detective oflicei Dickens gato hei tho dodge Ho WSB a lawjei's cleik in his onilj stiugglnig times, mid having to knock about police offices all div*,,and lost bmisolt upon a pint of poi tor and a pipe at tho ' Bille Sav age, Ludgate hill, in tho evening, lie theio picked np tho prototypes of Ins' SunWelloi, ' and learnt the darker hfi of Pagin and Bill Syko«, his ti nest poitiaitmcs And thom ho got his notion of a detective, which ho iiist worked out m Bleak Eoitic, as an oiunipiosont oin mscicnt being, who looks into human hemts m a cozy kind of way, like Ingo Wo ha-,o had to do with two picked London detectives m our timo lho first w us tho most o-cpcnsiv o mun that ever wo lind to do with, who charged £18 for what we had got thiough without defectivo assistance in a day and a half lho othoi was cool enough on land, but had, unluckily onough for him, to go out to hoaid a barque oil tho Goodwin, vihen a stiff noithwistu was blowing, aud tho ves«cl lolling at an angle of 17° to tho hoiuou Wo novci saw such a pcifcct ox eniphflcation of a dog w ith his tail between his logs, or a moio wiotchffd specimen of bedinggled humankind, than whon ho totteiod up on the shingles, and ultimately, aftei an uncommonly stiiF glaBS of grog, was put to bod by his sympathizing friends at tho Walmoi Castle, at Deal But tho Dickons cum Brad don detective is a gi oat enid to the uiimitiated It is the last card in her pack, and, vonly, she docs not Bpuro it What a comfoit it is foi those who wish to ti cat the novol as it is, viz , a real picture of life, te tiy back upon some of the stones of fifty yeai s ago They wore often dull, but they were geniully accuiato How different tho taste must havo been then and now. Take Miss Austin, for instance, andtakoheruudoubt cell) dullest novel, Emma I ten Miss Austin cannot make ¿Wilina lively She is auch, hand some gul, living ¡it Cheitsoy, who, having no thing to do, amuses hoi solf by planning matihcs foi hoi lady friends, which always run countoi, and she gets into the most awful enibioghos and messes, till sho is pulled up, as snilois BO), with a lound turn, by gottiug mainod hoi self lho httlo dull \illago on ele is as stupid m tho book as IU rcahtv, but then it is all true So in perhaps her host work, i'rKifl and Prejudice Lady loaders, buy Pride and Piejtiduo , it will only cost you a couple of shillings, and it is cheap at a guinea Whj is it cheap í Wo w ill toll vou You will get up fiom leading that book a gicat deal v>iser than j ou were befoio You will know moio of life and that m u healthy May Head Miss Biaddon und her class, and youi intellectual Btouiuih is likely to bo about as much m oidor as if yon bad been drinking a coirplo of glasses of law rum Kcad lho other, und you hut o got a not di as to MI Uto and real knowledge of tho world Mclodinumis a vol j pi otty thing, but earned snto action it pietty gonoitilly sonds its \ otaries to tho dogs Horein lies tho great mont of Anthony 'liollope. It is a masculino pen that writes this, and thercfoio it is wiitton with liai and trembling, foi wo thoiougbly bohevo that only a woman can understand a woman, and that though Sliakspeuro went pretty nigh to tho mark, even Shnkspoaro compaiativoly failod 'ihoso pietty cicatures in muslin mo to us men at most a myth, at best au appioviuiu tion Women nevei íeally understand men, nor inen women A man novel thoiougbly uiidoistands his wife, nor a wifo hoi husband lhoro is always a mystory Bella chatters w ith Emma, but pulls up whon sho sajs "Geoigo is coming," though nil tho time sho may heartily love Georgo, and cato a million of times moio foi linn than foi Lmnin " ArgaL" as Dogberry says, wo thmk Mr Anthony Trollope may bo often enough aduft nbout his girls, but wo suspoct that hiB dnft is not groat, and thal m his own lino he Bulks up to leminino natmo exhaust- ively Every writei has his strong point, ns every man lhere aro two lines ot his Biibjcots in which Anthony Tiollopo is pro eminent Ono, wo havo saul, is patent His hu ti eda aro pretty clear At tho v cry namo of a lawyer ho rushes at him hko a bull al a nd flug But waiving thiB amiablo httlo weakness, in which there are plenty moro to sympathise, ho has a taste for handling, and handling BUO ecssfully, the, in our own notion, dullest lot of tbolmninnruco,woincan eminentelorgymon It IB an old and truo roiuark of Do Quincy, in Ins celobrated " Confossions of an Opium oator," that the female portions of Lpiscopal families aro commonly among the most disugiceablo w onion to bo found, and this owing to being doubtful about their real social position My lord, at least in the last twontj (ive years of this nineteenth century, though sometimes owing his promotion to family ínterost and high birth, is mno times out of twenty sprung from the nudillo classes Tile father of tho prceont Bishop of Lincoln is a cockatoo fin mor, who talks about the "'ay 'arvest " Ho himself, with the .Archbishop of York, tho Bishop of London, the Bishop of Gloucester, to name only four instances, were originally schoolmastcis, and pullod their way up by sheer industry, tact, character, and talent But if tho head of tho dioccBO bo commonly a man of mark, tho lady head is simply tho bishop's wife Sho swings hko Mahomet's coffin between heaven and earth, betweon tho peorage and tho commonalty As long as hor husband lives elie is a great porsonago, dukes and earls dine with her, archdeacons flatter her, aspiring curates vio in praising tho perfections of her lovely daughters His lordship dies, and down tumbles tho wife into her original obscurity, whilo tho wifo of tho eucccBsor reigns over her head No wonder tho lady potentate, so soon to bo < dethroned, rides not a littlo rusty. She has her power for a time, and naturally uses it ; and, how sho uses it! Oh Mrs. Proudic, among all tho miseries of this mundane sphere, how heartily yvo congratulate ourselves that wo oro not your husband, and that when tho curtains aro drawn wo havo no chanco of hearing such connubial lectures ns you gave tho bishop after tho row botween his Lordship and tho eminently evangelical SIopo. Bad may be the best, but, thank Heaven, wo have escaped being hooked into holy matrimony with n high-minded feinnlc in inoii-o antique, who had solemn viows on all points, and was always (in her own eyes) right. Trollopo's great lino, howovor, is young girls-well, young ludios, if you Uko- which is perhaps tho better name, as his eba- ' racters are protty nearly all moro or loss belonging to tho middle, upper middlo, or uppermost classes of English society. Now, your young modern education lady is, as wo havo said, an uncommonly diffi- cult character to draw. Advancing educa- tion has in fact, as in fiction, altorcd her ex- ceedingly. A quarter of a century ago, sho was, if a good girl, quiet, obedient, rather ignorant, and curious about littlo out of hor own family circle, and her own poculiar ad- mirer, now sho is inquisitivo about overything. Sho reads tho papers, and a good many otlior writings, and thinks for horsclf. She is what tho last generation would havo callad fast, and porhaps she is fast, but not necessarily', in cssontials tho less modest or tho less virtuous. She speaks moro freely because sho thinks moro frooly, but docs not go over the lines. Anthony Trollope hits off this kind of girl magnificently. Witness, Lucy Hobarts. Bead the chapter " -why Lucy Hobarts beat Puck." It is first-rate. Such a daguerreotype of tho littlo spite mid yef. kindly feeling of a woman's heart ! It is just tim same ns in the last scone of tho Belton Estate. Clara Aincdroz has given up Cap- tain Ayluicr, whom sho has begun to despise heartily, and married Will Bolton, whom she loves heartily, and yot never will let go her lato lover's wifo, who has taken tho liberty of marrying tho man she ouco liked herself. Hor husband is half asleop, but she is wide nwiiko as sho snoors at Lady Emily " I was as euro of it as possiblo," Clara said to her husband that night. " Sure of what, my dear ?" " Tbnt she would havo a rod nose." " Who has got a red noso ?" " Don't be stupid, Will. Who should have it but Lady Emily ?" " Upon my word I didn't observo it." " Von nover observo anything, Will ; do you ? But don't you think sho's very plain ?" " Upon my w-ord I don't know. She isn't as handsome as some people." " Dont't bo a fool, Will. How old do you suppose her to bo ?" "How old? Lot mo seo. Thirty, per- haps." " If she's not over forty, I'll consent to chango nosos with her." " No ;-wo won't do that ¡ not if I know it." " I cannot conceive why any man should marry such a woman ns that. Not but what sho's a very good woman, I dara say ; only what n ninn can got by it? To be sure thero's tho litio, if Unit's worth anything." But Will Bolton wns nover good for much conversation at this hour, and was too fast asleop to make any rejoinder to tho last ro mark. All this may bo very so so, and anyono who reads it thinks they can writo it, precisely becauso it is so natural, only they ca»no¿ writo it. Let them try it. Fiction writing is no joke. Nothing is cosier than to start with, "It was under tho deoliniug rays of tho summer sun that a warrior trotted down to tho banks of tho majestic Rhine, repleto with tho memories of tho past." Fino is not that? Well, if any rcador wants it, wo will ongugo to turn tho tap on, and give him fustian at a crown tho yard, or, taking it in gross, a pound for tho rod, polo, or peroli. But Air. Trollopo's work wo could not do, to save ourselves from crucifixion. Who but a genius could havo pnintod that poor dear creaturo Lily in the Small House al Allinglon, and that nasty follow who do Borted her. How good Lily is, how nice, how thoroughly truthful, how patiently suffering, and how bravo. It is an absoluto strengthen- ing for the battlo of lifo ovon to road about her. Not that sho is melodramatic in tho Braddon stylo; far from it. Sho has simply paid away tho storling gold of her affections for bad copper. Sho has loved, and loved a lmndsonio dandi- fied fellow, with about as much heart or bond as a burber's block. «Tust ns Claru Amodroz loved, or rathol- fancied sho loved, tho punctiliously polito Captain Aylmor, who mnkes lovo with tho decent compostu-o of an older of tho church. And sho is thrown over. An ordinary writer would hnvo brought in a moro oligiblo number two to succcod number one. MisB Braddon would havo dono it. An Australian yvritor would havo dono il, and thoroin been truo to Australia. But in England it would havo been false. Thcro aro women thoro, strange as it moy seem, who, having loved oneo, aro not incliuod to lovo again. Thoy do not, after our Southom fashion, swap their hoavts like bad shillings to tho first bidder. Lily simply suffers, trying oil tho timo not to betray hor suffering. Sho will not, as far as her montai powor goes, lot out ono inch of tho love- sick miss. Sho does not tako tosolitary musings or lu m Roman Catholic. Sho eut«, drinks, sloops, jokes, ovon flirts, and lots no one porccivo the agony that is proying on hor vitals. Sho is a noble girl, mid our friend Claro, tho Al wifo of our Al friend Will Belton is anothor. Really, to got among tboso nice healthy creatures, after pottoring over tho worthless fictions of tho shilling a linor demi- monde, and tho rest of them, ¡s liko omorging out of tho tainted atmosphero of a sick-room into tho fresh air of a brcozy lawn ; but what a reflection upon tho femininity of England, that their immoralities should bo depicted from evident personal consoiousnoss by a hovy of authoresses, and that tho fact, that thero aro plenty of good and high-mindod girls among them, should bo loft to bo daguer rcotyped by a man ! TUE VALUE OF A CHINAMAN'S TAIL.-In the Borough Police Court on Monday, a China- man was fined 40a. for assaulting a woman, living at the Back Creek ; or, in default, ordered to bo incarcerated in gaol for a week. After receiving the sentenco, the Celestial ro Bumed his seat, and waa remaining until tho adjournment of tho Court, ovldontly having made up bia mind to " take It out" in prison. The police magistrate, just boforo tho business of tho Court was over, obiorvlng that tho Chinaman's occiput was decorated with atnii of.almost interminable length, gracefully wound around bia head after tho fashion of tho Chinese, told tho interpreter to inform tho man that if he did not pay the fine and waa sen t to gaol, his tail would bo cut off. Oa the dread alternative being placed bofore him, John was evidently on tho horns of a dilemma whether to part with his monoy or his tail. At last be compounded tho matter by inform- ing the magistrate that his friends would come and pay tho fine for him. He paid tho money before tho rising of tho Court.-Ben digo Advertiser. 1'rtOFESsoB AOAHSIZ is pushing forward his o-ploiations in South Amorloa. His party now consists of four grand divisions, ono of which has for Ita field the peninsula lying south of tho city of St. Paulo, and between the Parana River and tbo Atlantic Ocoan. The second division has tbo sea coast extend- ing from Bio do Janeiro to Ballia, and as far \nstward as San Francisco Uiver. The third division has tho interior lying west of tho Sou Francisco and between the tenth degree of south latitude and tbo tropic of Capricorn. The fourth division, at the head of which ia Professor Agoeeiz himself, boa for its tract the great valley of the Amazon, including its tributaries. This and the coast section aro tho two most Interesting, if cot tho moat im- portant, fields. 