THE TOWER OF LONDON. THE Tower is the most haunted ground in London, and it would be strange if it were not remembering the tragedies that were enacted there during many successive centuries. An old tradition affirms that the mortar used in the original construction was tempered with the blood of wild beasts and certainly a bloody spirit seems to have brooded heavily over the old building throughout the dark ages, and even as late as the time of the Second Pretender, if we may not say up to 1820, in which year Arthur Thistlewood, of the Cato-street conspiracy, was imprisoned in the Tower, previous to being hanged at the Old Bailey. Not only have many miserable wretched tain within those walls, eating their hearts in despair until they have been taken out on the scaffold and be headed, but a list of six persons secretly murdered those beginning with Henry "VI and ending with Arthur Capel, Earl of Essex (1638) may be derived from its annals. The gloomy old fortress, with its Bloody Tower- and its Traitors' G ato, ought to be, and is, the strong- hold of ghosts. It is believed by some that the spirit of Buloigh yot glides about the place and a chamber in the Bloody Tower, the walls of which are adorned with paintings representing men put to the torture, is said to be permanently haunted. Recently, Mr. Edward Lenthal Swifte, formerly keeper of the crown jewels in the Tower, has put forth an extraordinary area Five of an appearance which he saw in the Jewel House in the year 1847. One night in October, about 12 o'clock, as he, his wife, their little boy, and his wife's sister, were sitting at. supper, his wife, when about to drink a glass of wine and water, suddenly exclaimed, " Good God! What is that ?" Mr. Swifte looked up and saw a cylindrical figure, like a glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of his arm, hovering between the ceiling and the table. It appeared to be filled with a dense fluid, white and pale azure, incessantly rolling and mingling within the cylinder. In about two minutes it moved towards Mrs. Swifte's sister, then passed before the boy and Mr. Swifte, and ultimately floated behind Mrs. Swifte, who incessantly crouched down, covered her shoulders With both hands, and exclaimed, in the utmost terror, " Oh, Christ! It has seized me !" Mr. Swifte caught up his chair, and struck at the wainscot behind her, then rushed upstairs into the children's room and told the nurse what he had seen. The phantom had previously crossed the upper end of the table and disappeared. The strangest part of the business is, that neither the sister-in-law nor the boy saw anything of this appearance. Mr. Swifte says he is bound to state that, shortly before the event, some young lady residents in the Tower had been suspected of making pliautasmagoritil experiments at their windows ; but he alleges that those windows did not command any in his dwelling, and on the night in question the doors were all closed, and heavy dark cloth curtains were let down over the casements. The only light in the room was that of two candles on the table. Very shortly after this strange affair, one of the night sentries at the Jewel Office was alarmed by the figure of a huge bear issuing from underneath the door ; he thrust at it with his bayonet, which stuck in the door, and he then dropped in a fit, and in two or three days died. The sergeant declared that such appearances were not uncommon. The sentry, it is alleged, was not asleep nor drunk at the time, but he may have been on the eve of a fit from natural causes, and the vision may have been the result of his state of health. Mr. Swifte's vision is more difficult to account for, from the fact of its having been seen by two of the persons present, and not by the two others ; yet one cannot very well give a supernatural interpretation to BO absurd and purposeless an appearance. London in Rooks," in All the Year Round. 