THE OPERA. Rossinr'.s grand opera " Semiramide" was produced' for tM firsfc time in South 'Australia oh Wednesday evening.- T^ere was a crowded house, but large as was the attendance, the opera was ..performed' in;; manner which ought on a repetition to ^ attract ah attendance still larger. - " Semiramide?' requires a large stage, and every assistance which the resources of the most complete theatre can provide; and though on the hoards of the "little Victoria these were' necessarily wanting,. everything was done, that could. Be done * to render the opera effective. Taken as a whole, it was. decidedly the most successful performance of the season. The scenery was extremely good, ■ and the last scene-in ^particular * was. beautifully painted. The caste, on ^Wednesday night was . as follows :—Semiramide, Madame Lucy Escott; Arsaefe, Miss Georgia Hodson; Idreus, Mr. Beaumont ; Oroe," Mr. Kitts ; Assur, Mr.. De Haga ; Mithranes, Mr. Baker; and the Ghost of Nirius, Mr. Sutcliffe. Before the curtaih rose, we had the pleasure of hearing: the overture—, Bossini's best—well performed by the orchestra, and tbi« of itself was a treat worth hearing. The opening chorus went with great spirit, but the orchestra and the "band on the stage wa» too powerful for the chorus, whose efforts were almost entirely lost in consequence. Madame Escott, sang and acted with her usual ability, and rendered the part of the guilty queen with great power and impressiveness^; Mr. Beaumont was also good, laUt the many florid passages with which his- music is MIed were scarcely distinct enough. Mr. Kitts and Mr. De Haga—particularly . the first-named gentleman acquitted themselves; welL But the; great attraction': Tfas Miss Hodson's Arsace. • In her first Appearance shd hag' the 'long and j trying recitative/ the cavatina, and the duet with A^surto get through j and these, coming a* they did without the least rest, wei e enough to try, -the voice of the best singer; and it is- not to be wondered at that towards the end of the Act Miss "Hodson's power began to fail. But the alteration was -very slight, and she perfectly recovered, herseff ih' the ■next wet, fti)d went through the remainder of the opera 5n the most %<lihirable manner.; Miss Hodson is; a great ffavorite with the frequenters of the opera here, and most deservedly so. We would, therefore, urge those -who wish really to hear her - in one of -her most promi nent and effective characters not toloeethe opportunity «of seeing her in " Semiramide." The same opera will be repeated this evening. ' 