MORPETH. [FROH OCR CORRSSPONDKHT.] j February ¿2nd.-Tho town of Morpeth, and tho el oe tora to generally, havo. been greatly agitated, since tho late visit of the Ministers, All parties ngrso that tho railway lino should bo continued, and communicate with tho river traffic os early as possible At present; thero is a break of more than half a mile be tween the steamers' wharves and the terminus of tho line. To fill up this break, it costs tho publio £1000 per year in "removing goods by drays from ono point to tho other, besides the danger of damaging goods by tho oonetant loading - and unloading I understand a petition is already in Syd- ney, and about to bo presented to the Minister for Works, praying for tho extension of tho lino to tho centre of the town. But the majority appear to think that, on account of tho main street nearly touching tho river bank at this point, it would be impossible to construct works sufficiently largo and commodious to moot tho demands of increased trade. Thorefore another petition, far more nume- rously signed, containing nearly all tho names of those who have any pormanont interest in tho Hunter Bi ver district, will be presented in tho course of next week. This potition wilt pray for tho extension of the lino to a point just beyond tho steamors' wharves, whore thero is ample room far carrying on a largo river trade, and sui tab! o accommodation for building good sheds and other conveniences for facilitating business. The petition, I boliovo, simply recommends tho speedily carrying out of tho original dosignsof tho Oovornmont according to previous surveys. As both petitions have ona object as far as tho extension is concomed, I have no doubt thc Oovornmont will seo tho necessity of commencing and comploting tho work as soon as possi- ble, as an act of justico to tho trading port of Morpoth. The present unfinished state of the lino is folt by all parties to bo very detrimental to business and injurious to tho capitalist. Tho Morpoth Municipal Council mot this cvoning, at eight o'clock, to elect a chairman. Sevon members woio present, C. E. Jaques and J. B. It. .Robertson were candidates. J. B. lt. Robertson,' d votos ; 0, E. Jaques, S votes. Mr. J. Haynes was appointed town clerk for ono month. DINNER TO Mn. R. A CANTER.-A capital dinner was given at the Exohnngo, on Monday, to Mr. II. A. Canter, of tho Albury Customs office, on tho occasion of his promotion to an office in the Oustoms depart- ment in Sydnoy. Sixtoon or soventeon gantlomon woro Sresent, Mr. S. North in tho chair, and Ur. Alderman olomon aoting as vice. After tho usual loyal toasts had been disposed of, tho health of tho ghost of the evening was drunk with full honours, and responded to in an appropriate manner.. Several other toasts followod in duo course, and tho entertainment was wound up with harmony. The guests had a narrow escapo from an awkward accident, for a fow minutes after they had left tho room, thc largo ohsndolicr. valued at £-10, foll with a loud crash on tho table, and was smashed to atoms. Tho ellina and glassware used at tho dinner ef course sufforod the samo fate, to o great extent.-Border Post. ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday morning Inst, while Mr. Terry, of Paterson, was mounting his horse, intending I lo ride into Morpeth in time to proceed to Raymond Torraco hy tho morning sicamor, tho animal bogan to buck, and, Mr. Terry not having had timo to gain a seat, «ns thrown viofontlv to tho ground, unfortunately breaking a leg in tho fall.-Morpeth Lender. LARGE PELICAN.-A woolly pelican has been shot near Portland. Tho bird stands two feet seven inches' in hoight, tho longth of tho bill is sixteon inches, and tho pouch would mako almost tho nose-bag for a horse, it is so largo and roomy. Tho neck, when fully stretched, measures thrco foot six inches. Tho feathers on tho back aro a darkish brown, tho wing tho same colour, but striped with white. Tho logs, liku thsso of most swimming birds, oro shot black, and tho feet strongly webbed. Tho weight ¡8 10 lbs 7 oz«,-Border Post. A MOTHER'S AFFECTION,-Tho other day a young child, tho daughtor of Mrs. Richardson, who occupies a cottngo in Lead street, fell down a well at tho back of tho premisos. Tho mother's attention was almost immediately called to tho circumstance, whon aho rushed to tho woll, jumped into the bucket attached by a rope to tho windlass, and dropped down after tho child, which sho immediately soir.ed, and both woro shortly after raised to the surface. The child was slightly injured by tho rapid fall of thc bucket, and Mrs. Richardson was considerably bruised against tho sides of the wall. Tho wall is over twenty foot deep, nnd had six or seven foot of water in it at the time. Yass Courior. ? DAVAOEn Three-bnaliol Baga, Assort'rt Tinware, .Tüwoller», Furniture, Ac, Ao.-John G. Cohen huldoilred us lo oatt tho I attention pt corn-factors, Millers. Warehousemen, Tinmen, JeweUera, and othnre, to lila aala Thia Day. Monday 'ililli February. 1800, nt, hair-past 10, Ylr..:-20 Ilalea Throe-bushel Ung», damaged by sea water, Aaaorted Tinware, Jewellery, (excellent esaortmentl, Household Furniture, An; For further particular», aaa adtertleamenta lu thia day'a Uni*. Wines, Aa,-A vary extensive and Important Sala or Wines, Spirit«, Mannum, Ale, Ac., will behold a! the Store* ot Ucear» Scott, Henderson, and Co., George- strcot, this morning at ll 