ADELONG. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) January 17th, — The holidays! That's what's the matter, and the heat and generally an indisposition to do anything but rest on the bank of some shady stream and dream of Alpine scenery and Byas's celebrated bitters ! Adelong is itself again after a long and general holiday, and though the events that have taken place are not of such importance as a change of a Ministry or a new scheme of financial economy, yet for the benefit of those who would wish to remember that such a place exists, I will proceed to chronicle the most important events. In spite of the general depression that exists among all classes, Christmas has not passed away without the usual accompaniments of. balls and entertainments, and a serious course of drinking, benefiting the publicans and injuring those unfortunate votaries of Bacchus, who consider the highest enjoyment to consist of temporary insanity. The Odd- Fellows have removed to their new Hall, and celebrated the occasion by a Ball. The evening will be remembered by many with pleasure, and sufficiently testified to the ability of even Odd-Fellows making themselves and their friends happy. It was a thorough success. The Wesleyans have had a tea meeting, at which oceans of tea and tons of cake were consumed, and the usual amount of speechification was indulged in. The children were delighted, the ladies in their element, and the gentlemen perspired considerably. Mr. Roche, whose races are as celebrated a3 the Derby, entertained a considerable number of sporting men, whose horses were generally distinguished by a desire to take things easily and not win the saddles, bridles, &c.;, displayed for competition. Mr. Paul, at the Commercial, gave sundry dinners to his friends, reminding one of the ghost of old Christmas at home. Abundance and excellence characterize his entertainments always, and these were no exceptidn to the rule. I regret to have to recount the almost unac- countable death of two children, who were found drowned in a tub of water at their mother's house at Surface Hill, the water being but 5 inches in depth, and the tub but 11 inches in height. The eldest child was nearly 5 years old. A jury was empannelled by our Coroner, and an enquiry held, resulting in a verdict of accidental death. From the evidence an open verdict would perhaps have been more sensible, and it is to hoped that something may yet transpire to account for such a serious calamity. The day of Humiliation was observed very generally. That we may be relieved from this drought is earnestly to be desired. Even in our favoured disinct things are beginning to look bad; our creeks all but dry, no crushing, no grinding, and very little creek washing, fires are burning around us, and up the creek the grass is already burnt through the negligence, or worse, of those who, having travelled so far, should know the value of feed. The reefs are generally doing well, and when water does come I anticipate some heavy returns. January 19th. — I have only just time, to save the post, to state that the mother of the children who were drowned is now in the lock-up on suspicion of having committed the foul deed. [Our correspondent fails to acquaint us with the woman's name.] 