THE STOLEN LETTER. \------------ A LAWYERS STORY. \----------- THE beginning of an excellent connection which I succeeded in establishing in and around that respectable watering-place, Tidbury-on-the- Marsh, was an order for a life-size oil-portrait of a great local celebrity —a Mr. Boxsious, a solicitor, who was understood to do the most thriving business of any lawyer in the town. The portrait was intended as a testimonial "expressive (to use the language of the circular forwarded to me at the time) of the eminent services of Mr. Boxsious in promoting and securing the prosperity of the town." It had been subscribed for by the" municipal au- thorities and resilient inhabitants " of Tidbury on-the- Marsh; and it was to be presented, when done, to Mrs. Boxsious, "as a slight but sincere token"—and so forth. A timely recommendation from one of my kindest friends and patrons placed the commission for painting he likeness in my lucky hands; and I was instructed to attend on a certain day at Mr. Boxsious' private residence, with all my materials ready for taking a first sitting. On arriving at the house, I was shown into a very prettily furnished morning-room. The bow-window looked out on a large enclosed meadow, which represented the principal square in Tidbury. On the opposite side of the meadow I could see the new hotel (with a wing lately added), and dose by, the old hotel obstinately unchanged since it had first been built. Then, further down the street, the doctor's house, with a colored lamp and a small doorplate, and the banker's office, with a plain lamp and a big doorplate—then some dreary private lodging-houses—then, at right angles to these, a street of shops; the cheesemonger's very small, the chemist's very smart, the pastry cook's very dowdy, and the greengrocer's very dark. I was still looking out at the view thus presented, when I was suddenly apostrophised by a glib disputations voice behind me. " Now, then, Mr. Artist!" cried the voice, j do you call that getting ready for work ? Where are your paints and brushes, and all the rest of it ? My name's Boxsious, and I'm here to sit for my picture." I turned round, and confronted a little man with his legs astraddle, and his hands in his pockets. He had light-grey eyes, red all round the lids, bristling pepper-colored hair, an un- naturally rosy complexion, and an eager, impudent, clever look. I made two discoveries in one glance at him:—First, that he was a wretched subject for a portrait; secondly, that, whatever he might do or say, it would not be of the least use for me to stand on my dignity with him. " I shall be ready directly, sir," said I. "Beady directly?" repeated my new sitter. "What do you mean, Mr. Artist, by ready directly? I'm ready now. What was your contract with the Town Council, who have sub- scribed for this picture ? To paint the portrait! And what was my contract ? To sit for it! Here am I ready to sit, and there are you not ready to paint me. According to all the rules of law and logic, you are committing a breach of contract already.—Stop! let's have a look at your paints. Are they the best quality? If not, I warn you, sir, there's a second breach of contract! Brushes too? Why, they're old brushes, by the Lord Harry! The Town Council pays you well, Mr. Artist; why don't you work for them with new brushes? What? you work best with old ? I contend, sir, that you can't. Does my housemaid clean best with an old broom ? Do my clerks write best with old pens ? Don't color up, and don't look as if you were going to quarrel with me! You can't quarrel with me. If you were fifty times as irritable a man as you look, you could'nt quarrel with me. I'm not young, and I'm not touchy—I'm Boxsious, the lawyer; the only man in the world who can't be insulted, try it how you like!" He chuckled as he sad this, and walked away to the window. It was quite useless to take anything he said seriously, so I finished preparing my palette for the morning's work with the utmost serenity of look and manner that I could possibly assume. " There!" he went on, looking out of the window; do you see that fat man slouching along the parade, with a sniffy nose ? That's my favourite enemy, Dunball. He tried to quarrel with me 10 years ago, and he has done nothing but bring out the hidden benevolence of my character ever since. Look at him! look how he frowns as he turns this way.—And now look at me! I can smile and nod to him. I make a point of always smiling and nodding to him—it keeps my hand in for other enemies.— Good morning! (The cast him twice in heavy damages) good morning, Mr. Dunball! He bears malice, you see; he won't speak; he's short in the neck, passionate, and four times as fat as he ought to be; he has fought against my amiability for 10 mortal years; when he can't fight any longer, he'll die suddenly, and I shall be the innocent cause of it." Mr. Boxsious uttered this fatal prophecy with extraordinary complacency, nodding and smiling out of the window all the time at the unfortunate man who had rashly tried to pro- voke him. When his favourite enemy was out of sight, he turned away and indulged himself in a brisk turn or two up and down the room. Meanwhile I lifted my canvas on the easel, and was on the point of asking him to sit down, when he assailed me again. "Now, Mr. Artist!" he cried, quickening his walk impatiently, "In the interests of the Town Council, your employers, allow me to ask you for the last time when you are going to begin?" "And allow me, Mr. Boxsious, in the interest of the Town Council also," said I, "to ask you if your notion of the proper way of sitting for your portrait is to walk about the room?" "Aha! well pot—devilish well put!" re- turned Mr. Boxsious; "that's the only sensible thing you have said since you entered my house; I begin to like you already." With these words he nodded at me approvingly and jumped into the high chair that I had placed for him with the alacrity of a young man. " I say, Mr. Artist," he went on, when I had put him into the right position (he insisted on the front view of his face being taken because the Town Council would get the most for their money in that way), "you don't have many such good jobs as this do you?" "Not many," I said. "I should not be a poor man if commissions for life-size portraits often fell in my way." "You poor!" exclaimed Mr. Boxsious, contemptuously. "I dispute that point with you at the outset. Why, you've got a good cloth coat, a clean shirt, and a smooth- shaved chin! You've got the sleek look of a man who has slept between sheets and had his breakfast. You can't humbug me about poverty, for I know what it is. Poverty means looking like a scarecrow, feeling like a scarecrow, and getting treated like a scarecrow. That was my luck, let me tell you, when I first thought of trying the law. Poverty, indeed! Do you shake in your shoes, Mr. Artist, when you think what you were at twenty? I do, I can promise you!" He began to shift about so irritably in his chair, that, in the interests of my work, I wai obliged to make an effort to calm him. " It must be a pleasant occupation for you in your present prosperity," said I, " to look back sometimes at the gradual processes by which you passed from poverty to competence, and from that to the wealth you now enjoy." "Gradual, did you say?" cried Mr. Boxsious; "it wasn't gradual at all I was sharp—damned sharp, and I jumped at my first start in business slap into five hundred pounds in one day." "That was an extraordinary step in advance," I re-joined. "I suppose you contrived to make some profitable investment—— ? " "Not a bit of it! I hadn't a spare sixpence to invest with. I won the money by my brains, my hands, and my pluck; and, what's more, I'm proud of having done it! That was rather a curious case Mr. Artist. Some men might be shy of mentioning it; I never was shy in my life, and I mention it right and left everywhere —the whole ease, just as it happened, except the names. Catch me ever committing myself to mentioning names! Mum's the word, sir, with yours to command, Thomas Boxsious." "As you mention the 'case' everywhere." said I, " perhaps you would not be offended with me if I told you I should like to hear it ? " " Man alive! haven't I told you already that I can't be offended? And didn't I say a moment ago that I was proud of the case ? I'll tell you, Mr. Artist—but stop ! I've got the interests of the Town Council to look after in this business. Can you paint as well when I'm talking as when I'm not? Don't sneer, sir; you're not wanted to sneer—you're wanted to give an answer—yes or no ?" "Yes, then," I replied, in his own sharp way. " I can always paint the better when I am hearing an interesting story." "What do you mean by talking about a story ? I'm not going to tell you about a story; I'm going to make a statement. A statement is a matter of fact, therefore the exact opposite of a story, which is a matter of fiction. What I am now going to tell you really happened to me." I was glad to see that he settled himself quietly in his chair before he began. His odd manners and language made such an impression on me at the time, that I think I can repeat his " statement" now, almost word for word as he addressed it to me. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * I served my time, never mind in whose office, and I started in business for myself in one of our English country towns—I decline stating which. I hadn't a farthing of capital, and my friends in the neighbourhood were poor and useless enough, with one exception. That exception was Mr. Frank Gatliffe, son of Mr. Gatliffe, member for the county, the richest man and the proudest for many a mile round about our parts. Stop a bit, Mr. Artist! you needn't perk up and look knowing. You won't trace any particular by the name of Gatliffe. I'm not bound to commit myself or anybody else by mentioning names. I have given you the first that came into my head. Well, Mr. Frank was a staunch friend of mine, and ready to recommend me whenever he got the chance. I had contrived to get him a little timely help—for a consideration, of course—in borrowing money at a fair rate of interest: in fact, I had saved him from the Jews. The money was borrowed while Mr. Frank was at college. He came back from college, and stopped at home a little while, and then there got spread about our neighbourhood a report that he had fallen in love, as the saying is, with his young sister's governess, and that his mind was made up to marry her. What! you're at it again, Mr. Artist! You want to know her name, don't you ? What do you think of Smith ? Speaking as a lawyer, I consider report, in a general way, to be a fool and a liar. But in this case report turned out to be something very different. Mr. Frank told me he was really in love, and said upon his honour (an absurd expression which young chaps of his age are always using) he was determined to marry Smith the governess—the sweet darling girl, as he called her; but I'm not sentimental, and I call her Smith the governess. Well, Mr. Frank's father, being as proud as Lucifer, said " No," as to marrying the governess, when Mr. Frank wanted him to say " Yes." He was a man of business, was old Gatliffe, and he took the proper business course. He sent the governess away with a first-rate character and a spanking present, and then he looked about him to get something for Mr. Frank to do. While he was looking about, Mr. Frank bolted to London after the governess, who had nobody alive belonging to her to go to but an aunt—her father's sister. The aunt refuses to let Mr. Frank in without the squire's permission. Mr. Frank writes to his father, and says he will marry the girl as soon as he is of age, or shoot himself. Up to town comes the squire and his wife and his daughter, and a lot of sentimentality, not in the slightest degree material to the present statement, takes place among them; and the upshot of it is that old Gatliffe is forced into withdrawing the word No, and substituting the word Yes. I don't believe he would ever done it, though, but for one lucky peculiarity in the case. The governess' father was a man of good family— pretty nigh as good as Gatliffe's own. He had been in the army; bad sold out; set up as a wine- merchant—failed—died: ditto his wife, as to the dying part of it. No relation, in fact, left for the squire to make inquiries about but the father's sister—who had behaved, as old Gatliffe said, like a thorough-bred gentlewoman in shutting the door against Mr. Frank in the first instance. So, to cut the matter short, things ware at last made up pleasant enough. The time was fixed for the wedding, and an announce- ment about it—Marriage in High Life and all that, put into the county paper. There was a regular biography, besides, of the governess' father, so as to stop people from talking, a great flourish about his pedigree, and a long account of his services in the army ; but not a word, mind ye, of his having turned wine-merchant afterwards. Oh, no, not a word about that! I knew it, though, for Mr. Frank told me. He hadn't a bit of pride about him. He intro- duced me to his future wife one day when I met them out walking, and asked me if I did not think he was a lucky fellow. I don't mind ad- mitting that I did, and then told him so. All but she was one of my sort, was that governess. Stood, to the best of my recollection, fire foot four. Good lissom figure, that looked as if it had never been boxed up in a pair of stays. Eyes that made me feel as if I was under a pretty stiff cross- examination the moment she looked at me. Fine red, fresh, kiss-and-come- again sort of lips. Cheeks and complexion— No, Mr. Artist, you wouldn't identify her by her cheeks and complexion, if I drew you a picture of them this very moment. She has had a family of children since the time I'm talking of; and her cheeks are a trifle fatter, and her complexion is a shade or two redder now, than when I first met her out walking with Mr. Frank. The marriage was to take place on a Wednes- day. I decline mentioning the year or the month. I had started as an attorney on my own account—say six weeks, more or less, and was sitting alone in my office on the Monday morning before the wedding-day, trying to see my way clear before me and not succeeding particularly well, when Mr. Frank suddenly bursts, in, as white as any ghost that ever was painted, and says he's got the most dreadful case for me to advise on, and not an hour to lose in acting on my advice. " Is this in the way of business, Mr. Frank ?" says I, stopping him just as he was beginning to get sentimental. "Yes or no, Mr. Frank ?" rapping my new office paper-knife on the table, to pull him up short all the sooner. "My dear follow"—he was always familiar with me—" it's in the way of business, certainly; but friendship——." I was obliged to pull him up short again, and regularly examine him as if he had been in the witness-box, or he would have kept me talk to no purpose half the day. " Now, Mr. Frank," says I, "I can't have any sentimentality mixed up with business matters. You please to stop talking, and let me ask questions. Answer in the fewest words you can use. Nod when nodding will do instead of words." I fixed him with my eye for about three seconds, as he sat groaning and wriggling in his chair. When I'd done fixing him, I gave an- other rap with my paper-knife on the table to startle him up a bit. Then I went on. "From what you have been stating up to the present time," says I, " I gather that you are in a scrape which is likely to interfere seriously with your marriage on Wednesday ?" (He nodded, and I cut in again before he could say a word) : — " The scrape affects your young lady, and goes back to the period of a transaction in which her late father was engaged, don't it ?" (He nods, and I cut in once more) :— "There is a party, who turned up after seeing the announcement of your marriage in the paper, who is cognizant of what he oughtn't to know, and who is prepared to use his know- ledge of the same to the prejudice of the young lady and of your marriage, unless he receives a sum of money to quiet him ? Very well. Now, first of all, Mr. Frank, state what you have been told by the young lady herself about the trans- action of her late father. How did you first come to have any knowledge of it ?" " She was talking to me about her father one day so tenderly and prettily, that she quite excited my interest about him," begins Mr. Frank; and I asked her, among other things, what had occasioned his death. She said she believed it was distress of mind in the first instance; and added that this distress was con- nected with a shocking secret, which she and her mother had kept from everybody, but which she could not keep from me, because she was determined to begin her married life by having no secrets from her husband." Here Mr. Frank began to get sentimental again, and I pulled him up short once more with the paper- knife. " She told me," Mr. Frank went on, " that the great mistake of her father's life was his selling out of the army and taking to the wine trade. He had no talent for business ; things went wrong with him from the first. His clerk, it was strongly suspected, cheated him— ." "Stop a bit," says I. "What was that sus- pected clerk's name ? " " Davager," says he. " Davager," says I, making a note of it. "Go on, Mr. Frank." "His affairs got more and more entangled," says Mr. Frank; "he was pressed for money in all directions; bankruptcy, and consequent dishonour (as he considered it), stared him in the face. His mind was so affected by his troubles that both his wife and daughter, towards the last, considered him to be hardly responsible for his own acts. In this state of desperation and misery, he— ." Here Mr. Frank began to hesitate. We have two ways in the law of drawing evidence off nice and clear from an unwilling client or witness. We give him a fright, or we treat him to a joke. I treated Mr. Frank to a joke. "Ah!" says I, "I know what he did. He had a signature to write; and by the most natural mistake in the world, he wrote gentleman's name instead of his own— eh?" "It was to a bill," says Mr. Frank, looking very crestfallen, instead of taking the joke. "His principal creditor wouldn't wait till he could raise the money, or the greater part of it. But he was resolved, if he sold off everything, to get the amount and repay— ." "Of course! " says I, " drop that. The forgery was discovered. When ?" " Before even the first attempt was made to negotiate the bill. He had done the whole thing in the most absurd and innocent way. The person whose name he had used was a stanch friend of his, and a relation of his wife's—a good man as well as a rich one. He had influence with the chief creditor, and he used it nobly. He had a real affection for the unfortunate man's wife, and he proved it gener- ously." "Come to the point," says I. "What did he do ? In a business way, what did he do ?" "He put the false bill into the fire, drew a bill of his own to replace it, and then—only then—told my dear girl and her mother all that had happened. Can you imagine anything nobler?" asks Mr. Frank. "Speaking in my professional capacity, I can't imagine anything greener?" says I. " Where was the father ? Off, I suppose ? " "Ill in bed," says Mr. Frank, coloring. "But he mustered strength enough to write a contrite and grateful letter the same day, promising to prove himself worthy of the noble moderation and forgiveness extended to him, by selling off everything he possessed to repay his money- debt. He did sell off everything, down to some old family pictures that were heirlooms; down to the little plate he had ; down to the very tables and chairs that fur- nished his drawing-room. Every farthing of the debt was paid; and he was left to begin the world again, with the kindest promises of help from the generous man who had forgiven him. It was too late. His crime of one rash moment—atoned for though it had been— preyed upon his mind. He became possessed with the idea that he had lowered himself for ever in the estimation of his wife and daughter, and— ." "He died," I cut in. "Yes, yes, we know that. Let's go back for a minute to the contrite and grateful letter that he wrote. My ex- perience in the law, Mr. Frank, has convinced me that if everybody burnt everybody else's letters, half the courts of justice in this country might shut up shop. Do you happen to know whether the letter we are now speaking of con- tained anything like an avowal or confession of the forgery ? " "Of course it did," says he. "Could the writer express his contrition properly without making some such confession ? " " Quite easy, if he had been a lawyer," says I. " But never mind that; I'm going to make a guess—a desperate guess, mind. Should I be altogether in error, if I thought that this letter had been stolen; and that the fingers of Mr. Davager, of suspicious commercial cele- brity, might possibly be the fingers which took it?" " That is exactly what I wanted to make you understand," cried Mr. Frank. " How did he communicate the interesting fact of the theft to you ? " "He has not ventured into my presence. The scoundrel actually had the audacity ." " Aha! " says I. " The young lady herself! Sharp practitioner, Mr. Davager." " Early this morning, when she was walking alone in the shrubbery," Mr. Frank goes on, " he had the assurance to approach her, and to say that he had been watching his opportunity of getting a private interview for days past. He then showed her, actually showed her, her unfortunate father's letter, put into her hands another letter directed to me; bowed, and walked off; leaving her half- dead with astonish- ment and terror. If I had only happened to be there at the time !" says Mr. Frank, shaking his fist murderously in the air, by way of a finish. " It's the greatest luck in the world that you were not," says I. " Have you got that other letter?" He handed it to me. It was so remarkably humorous and short, that I remember every word of it at this distance of time. It began in this way :— "To Francis Gatliffe, Esq., jun,—Sir,—l have an extremely curious autograph letter to sell. The price is a five hundred pound note. The young lady to whom you are to be married on Wednesday will inform you of the nature of the letter, and the genuineness of the autograph. If you refuse to deal, I shall send a copy to the local paper, and shall wait on your highly respected father with the original curiosity, on the afternoon of Tuesday next. Having come down here on family business, I have put up at the family hotel, being to be heard of at the Gatliffe Arms. Your very obedient servant, " Alfred Davager." " A clever fellow that," says I, putting the letter into my private drawer. " Clever!" cries Mr. Frank, "he ought to be horsewhipped within an inch of his life. I would have done it myself; but she made me promise, before she told me a word of the matter, to come straight to you? " "That was one of the wisest promises you ever made," says I. "We can't afford to bully this fellow, whatever else we may do with him. Do you think I am saying anything libellous against your excellent father's character when I assert that if he saw the letter he would certainly insist on your marriage being put off, at the very least?" "Feeling as my father does about my marriage, he would insist on its being dropped altogether, if he saw this letter," says Mr. Frank, with a groan. " But even that is not the worst of it. The generous, noble girl herself says, that if the letter appears in the paper, with all the unanswerable comments this scoundrel would be sure to add to it, she would rather die than hold me to my engagement— even if my father would let me keep it." As he said this his eyes began to water. He was a weak young fellow, and ridiculously fond of her. I brought him back to business with another rap of the paper-knife. " Hold up, Mr. Frank," says I. " I have a question or two more. Did you think of asking the young lady, whether, to the best of her knowledge, this infernal letter was the only written evidence of the forgery now in exist- ence?" " Yes, I did think directly of asking her that," says he; " and she told me she was quite cer- tain that there was no written evidence of the forgery except that one letter." " Will you give Mr. Davager his price for it ?" says I. " Yes," says Mr. Frank, quite peevish with me for asking him such a question. He was an easy young chap in money-matters, and talked of hundreds as most men talk of sixpences. " Mr. Frank," says I, " you came here to get my help and advice in this extremely ticklish business, and you are ready, as I know without asking, to remunerate me for all and any of my services at the usual professional rate. Now, I've made up my mind to act boldly, desperately, if you like, on the hit or miss—win-all-or-lose-all principle, in dealing with this matter. Here is my proposal: I'm going to try if I can't do Mr. Davager out of the letter. If I don't suc- ceed, before to-morrow afternoon, you hand him the money, and I charge you nothing for pro- fessional services. If I do succeed, I hand you the letter instead of Mr. Davager; and you give me the money instead of giving it to him. It's a precious risk for me, but I'm ready to run it. You must pay your five hundred any way. What do you say to my plan ? Is it Yes, Mr. Frank, or No ?" "Hang you questions!" cries Mr. Frank, jumping up; "you know it's Yes ten thousand times over. Only you earn the money and—." "And you will be too glad to give it to me. Very good. Now go home. Comfort the young lady; don't let Mr. Davager so much as set eyes on you, keep quiet, leave everything to me; and feel as certain as you please that all the letters in the world can't stop your being married on Wednesday." With these words I hustled him off out of the office, for I wanted to be left alone to make my mind up about what I should do. The first thing, of course, was to have a look at the enemy. I wrote to Mr. Davager, telling him that I was privately appointed to arrange the little business-matter between himself and "another party" (no names!) on friendly terms; and begging him to call on me at his earliest convenience. At the very beginning of the case, Mr. Davager bothered me. His answer was, that it would not be convenient to him to call till between six and seven in the evening. In this way, you see, he contrived to make me lose several precious hours, at a time when minutes almost were of importance. I had nothing for it but to be patient, and to give certain instruc- tions, before Mr. Davager came, to my boy Tom. There never was such a chap boy of 14 before, and there never will be again, as my boy Tom. A spy to look after Mr. Davager was, of course, the first requisite in a case of this kind; and Tom was the smallest, quickest, quietest, sharp- est, stealthiest little snake of a chap, that ever dogged gentleman's steps and kept cleverly out of range of a gentleman's eyes. I settled it with the boy that he was not to show at all, when Dr. Davager came; and that he was to wait to hear me ring the bell when Mr. Davager left. If I rang twice, he was to show the gentleman out. If I rang once, he was to keep out of the way and follow that gentleman wherever he went till he got back to the inn. Those were the only preparations I could make to begin with; being obliged to wait and let myself be guided by what turned up. About a quarter to seven my gentleman came. In the profession of the law we get somehow quite remarkably mixed up with ugly people blackguard people, and dirty people. But far away the ugliest and dirtiest blackguard I ever saw in my life was Mr. Alfred Davager. He had greasy white hair and a mottled face. He was low in the forehead, fat in the stomach, hoarse in the voice, and weak in the legs. Both his eyes were bloodshot, and one was fixed in his head. He smelt of spirits, and carried a tooth pick in his mouth. " How are you ? I've just done dinner," says he, and he lights a cigar, sits down with his legs crossed, and winks at me. I tried at first to take the measure of him in a wheedling, confidential way; but it was no good. I asked him in a factious smiling manner, how he had got hold of the letter. He only told me in answer that he had been in the con- fidential employment of the writer of it, and that he had always been famous since infancy for a sharp eye to his own interests. I paid him some compliments ; but he was not to be flattered. I tried to make him lose his temper; but he kept it in spite of me. It ended in his driving me to my last resource, I made an attempt to frighten him. " Before we say a word about the money," I began, " let me put a case, Mr. Davager. The pull you have on Mr. Francis Gatliffe is, that you can hinder his marriage on Wednesday. Now, suppose I have got a magistrate's warrant to apprehend you in my pocket ? Suppose I have a constable to execute in the next room ? Suppose I bring you up to-morrow, the day before the marriage—charge you only generally with an attempt to extort money, and apply for a day's remand to complete the case ? Suppose, as a suspicious stranger, you can't get bail in this town ? Suppose —." " Stop a bit," says Mr. Davager. " Suppose I should not be the greenest fool that ever stood in shoes ? Suppose I should not carry the letter about me ? Suppose I should have given a certain envelope to a certain friend of mine in a certain place in this town ? Suppose the letter should be inside that envelope, di- rected to old Gatliffe, side by side with a copy of the letter directed to the editor of the local paper ? Suppose my friend should be instruc- ted to open the envelope, and take the letters to their right addresses, if I don't appear to claim them from him this evening ? In short, my dear sir, suppose you were born yesterday, and suppose I wasn't?" says Mr. Davager, and winks at me again. He didn't take me by surprise, for I never ex- pected that he had the letter about him. I made a pretence of being very much taken aback, and of being quite ready to give in. We settled our business about delivering the letter, and hand- ing over the money, in no time. I was to draw out a document, which he was to sign. He knew the document was stuff and nonsense just as well as I did, and told me I was proposing it to swell my client's bill. Sharp as he was, he was wrong there. The document was not to be drawn out to gain money from Mr. Frank, but to gain time from Mr. Davager. It served me as an excuse to put off the payment of the five hundred pounds till three o'clock on the Tues- day afternoon. The Tuesday morning Mr. Davager said he should devote to his amuse- ment, and asked me what sights were to be seen in the neighbourhood of the town. When I had told him, he pitched his toothpick into my grate, yawned, and went out. I rang the bell once, waited till he had passed the window, and then looked after Tom. There was my jewel of a boy on the opposite side of the street, just setting his top going in the most playful manner possible! Mr. Davager walked away up the street, towards the marketplace. Tom whipped his top up the street towards the market-place too. In a quarter-of-an-hour he came back, with all his evidence collected in a beautifully dear and compact state. Mr. Davager had walked to a public-house just outside the town, in a lane leading to the high road. On a bench outside the public-house there sat a man smoking. He said "All right?" and gave a letter to Mr. Da- vager, who answered "All right," and walked back to the inn. In the hall he ordered hot rum and water, cigars, slippers, and a fire to be lit in his room. After that he went upstairs, and Tom came away. . [will be continued in our next.] 