Odds and Ends. TO A YOUNG LADY. RICHARD SAVAGE. POLLY! from me though now a lovesick youth, Nay, though a poet, hear the voice of truth. Polly! you're not a beauty, yet you're pretty; So grave, yet gay; to silly, yet so witty; A heart of softness, yet a tongue of satire: You've cruelty, yet, ev'n with that good nature: Now you are free, and now reserved awhile Now a forced frown betrays a willing smile. Reproached for absence, yet your sight denied; My tongue you silence, yet my silence chide. How would you praise me should your sex defame? Yet should they praise, grow jealous, and exclaim. If I despair, with some kind look you bless; But if I hope, at once all hope suppress. You scorn, yet should my passion change or fail, Too late you'd whimper out a softer tale. You love yet from your lover's wish retire; Doubt yet discern; deny and yet desire. Such, Polly! are your sex—part truth, part fiction; Some thought, much whim, and all a contradiction. HOW do people look when they are engaged? —They look contracted. WHY is a lawyer's life a lazy one ?—Because it's a life of fees (a life of ease). A DIVER'S REASON.—The poor fellow who died while examining a wreck at the bottom of the ocean is supposed to have given up the ghost for diver's reasons. JUICY.—Old gentleman (affectionately) "My son, why do you chew that filthy tobacco?"— Precocious youth (stiffly) : "To get the juice out of it, old codger!" AN OLD JOKE IN A NEW DRESS.—The Queen of James II. asked her confessor if she might not "paint."—" Certainly," said the good man, "but not to excess; only on one cheek!" TO-MORROW.—A little boy running along stubbed his toe and fell on the pavement.— "Never mind, my little fellow," said a bystander, "you won't feel the pain tomorrow."—"Then," answered the little boy, "I won't cry to-morrow." PLAIN.—Quinn was at a small dinner party. There was a delicious pudding, of which the master of the house begged him to partake. A gentleman had just before helped himself to an immense piece of it. Pray, said Quinn, looking first at the gentleman's plate and then at the dish, which is the pudding ? NOT A DOUBT OF IT.—We often hear people debating on the origin of croquet, and wonder- ing by whom and where the game was first in- troduced. As to the locality, we have no means of forming an accurate idea, but we think the frogs were certainly among the first to croak— eh? COLLISIONS.—Badger is going to patent an original plan for the prevention, everlasting and eternally, of all future railroad collisions every- where. The plan is certainly simple, and simply certain—once put in practice. It is to have all the trains run one way, and at the same rate, with equal times between their starting." THE LAST NEW THING IN HATS.—An im- pecunious friend of ours says he wants a new hat like "old boots." We have heard of an animal that had a foot like a warming-pan, and a body like the keel of a ship; but a chapeau resembling an antiquated pair of boots is scarcely to be imagined. AMERICAN PICTURE.—There is a Methodist preacher out west whose praise is thus sounded by a contemporary:—I have repeatedly heard the most famous men in America, but there are times when the flame of his pathos licks the everlasting hills with a roar that moves your soul to depths fathomed by few other men? AN AFFECTIONATE WIFE.—In several of the villages of the Pyrenees the mountaineers are in the habit of training animals for the purpose of exhibition. The prefect of Perpignan passed through one of them in company with an officer of gendarmes. The latter pointed out to the magistrate a woman whose husband, a bear trainer, had been devoured by his pupil at a mo- ment when instinct got the better of education. I have nothing left, said the woman. I am ab- solutely without a roof to shelter me and the poor animal. Animal! exclaimed the astonished prefect, "You don't mean to say that you keep the bear that devoured your husband!" Alas, she replied, it is all that is left to me of the poor dear man. AN ANGRY IRISHMAN.—The following colloquy actually took place at an eastern post office:— Pat: I say, Mr. Postmaster, is there a litther for me? Who are you, my good sir? I'm me- self—that's who I am. Well, what is your name? And what do ye want wid the name? isn't it on the litther? So that I can find the letter, if there is one. Will, Pat Bryne, thin, if you must have it. No, sir; there's none for Pat Byrne. Is there no way to get in there but through this pane of glass? No, sir. It is well for ye there isn't. I'd teach ye betther manners thin to insist on a jintleman's name; but ye didn't get it after all, so I'm aven wid ye; divil a bit is my name Byrne!— New York Paper. STRETCH OF IMAGINATION.—Ike Johnstone was down to de ingia-rubber store last week, and he asked me to talk wid de man behind de counter, while he could steal a pair of sus- penders. So he took hold ob a pair by de end and stowed dem away down in his pocket, and went out widout unhooken 'em from de nail dey was hangin' on; and when he got home he was showin' 'em to de old woman, and as he was passin' 'em ober to her, dey slipp'd fro his fingers, and flew back to de store wid such force dat dey busted in de sash, killed de clerk, and knocked all de money out ob de drawer. Colliery Dialect.—Fifty years ago the colliers and miners of South Staffordshire were almost as distinct a race as if they had come from the Durham and Northumberland coal- fields. They rarely, except on grand occasions —such as that of a marriage or christening knew each other by their proper surnames. Every man had a nickname, and this name was adopted by wife and children, and even by the man himself. An apothecary, for instance, would enter the name of "Thomas Williams" among his customers, but he would place the name of "Old Puff" by the side of it, as that by which he would be best known in the neigh- borhood. Some of the colliers actually forgot their own real names, they were so strange to them. An attorney's clerk was once sent to serve some legal process in one of the colliery villages. He traversed the village from end to end, but could obtain no information concern- ing the person of whom he was in quest. At last a young woman kindly offered to assist him in his search, and accosted a neighbor with the question, "Oi say, Bull Head, dost thee know a man named Adam Green?" Then to another she said "Loy-a-bed, dost thee?" But Bull Head and Lie-a-bed were unable to furnish the required information; and so were many others, severally addressed as "Cowskin," "Spindle- shanks, " Cock-eye," and " Pigtail." At length, however, a flash of intelligence suddenly light- ened up the countenance of the young woman. "Dash my wig !" she exclaimed to one of her companions, "why, he means moy feyther!" Then, turning to the clerk, she said, "Yo should't ax'd for Ode Blackbird." AN AMERICAN EDITOR.—The Chicago Re- publican thus enumerates the necessary qualifi- cations of a "local editor." "He must combine the loquacity of a magician, with the impudence of the devil. He must know how to time a racehorse, gaff a cock, teach a Sunday school, preach a charitable sermon, run a saw-mill, keep an hotel, turn a double summersault, and brew whisky. He must be up to a thing or two in political economy, an fait in the matter of cooking beans. On the trail of mysterious items he must be a veritable sleuth hound. His hide must be like that of a rhinocerous. He must be insensible to the cruellest snubs, and mani- fest no sense of anger when he is kicked down stairs. He must throw modesty to the dogs, and let his tiger howl. But above all he must be an adept in the art of puffing. ... He must be ready at all times to say something funny in regard to Smith's grocery, or to sur- round Miss Flounce's millinery establishment with a halo of glowing adjectives. He must be enthusiastic on the subject of hams, verbose in extolling hardware, and highly imaginative in the matter of dry goods. ... He must talk learnedly of panoramas, with a liberal ad- mixture of knowing words, such as ' warmth,' 'tone,' ' fore-shortening,' 'high lights,' 'fore- grounds,' 'perspective,' &c.; He must be heavy on concerts, with a capacity to appreciate Miss Squawk's execution of difficult feats in the 'upper register;' ecstatic in praise of double- headed calves, and eloquent in behalf of fat women and living skeletons.— Trubner's Ameri- can Literary Record. ' 