% -%«&. CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOPS OF MAITLAND AND BATHURST. On Tuesday November 14th., the Most Ueverend Dr. Murray and the Most Reverend Dr. Qninn were consecrated respectively Bishops ' of Maitland and Bathust, Australia, by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin in the pro-Cathedral, Marlborough-street. The times arranged for the commencement of the ceremonies was ten o'clock bjuu iuu^ ugavxg wictv uuui uau ciinveu. every U«*rv «f the pro-Cathedral not set apart for the pre lates and clergy was donsly crowded by a con gregation not only anxious to witness one of the most solemn and imposing ceremonials of the ritual, but also to pay every mark of respect and reverenco to the two good priests who had been selected for the very high honor which was con ferred on them by the lineal successor of him 'whose festival it was. Within the sanctuary at the Gospel side a temporary altar was decorated ?as on the great festival. Shortly after ten V clock a procession having been formed in the ride chapei of St. Kevin, it entered the church In the following order : — First came the students «f Holy Cross College, headed by cross bearers, acolytes, and thurifer, then came the students, of All Hallows College, followed by the clergy and dignitaries ; then The Bishop Elect of Ba thurst. Tlve Most Rev. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of Bombay, senior assistant prelate ; the Rev. Dr. Conroy, chaplain. The Bishop Elect of Mait land. The most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobarttown, junior assistant prelate ; chaplain, She Rev. Dr. Beeohinor. The Most Rev. Dr. Uulty, Coadjutor Bishop of Meath. The Most Bev. Dr. Dorriau, Coadjutor Bishop of Down __._ „ — --—- ? — -?»» *««». jji. vmiuoiy, ?HTib Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, conse crating prelate, entered attended by the Very Hev. Consignor Forde, V.G., and the Very Rev. Monsignor Woodlock, rector, Catholic Univer sity, assistant priests, and the Rev. M'Swi^nn, master of ceremonies. The chaplains of 'the prelates elect were the Rev. Dr. Doyle, C.C., ^^ ? — — — — — — ^— — Athy; the Rev. Dr. Doyle, C.C., Leixlip, and the Rev. Mr. O'Donoghue. His Grace the Archbishop having been invested with his full canonicals' within the sanctuary, and the pre lates-elect having been robed in the vestments of priests celebrant, over which they wore splendid capes of cloth of gold richly embroi dered, and his Grace the Archbishop having taken his seat in front of the altar, the bishops elect were conducted by the assistant prelates to the centre of the sanctuary, when the senior assistant prelate said — Most Rev. Father, . Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote these priests to the heavy office of bishop. When the consecrating prelate said Have you the apostolic mandate ? — which being answered in the affirmative, they we're ordered to be read. The Papal Bulls authorising the consecration of the Most Rev. Dr. Murray for the newly-created See of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn for the new See of Bathurst, having been read, the prelates-elect came iorward and were examined by the Arch bishop, and having in all things expressed their submission to the Church, and declaring that they would discharge the duties devolving upon them as bishops, and after making a full con fession of faith, they were conducted to their altar or chapel, where they were divested of their cope, sandals were placed on their feet, and they were invested 'with pectoral crosses, stoles, tunics, dalmatics, chaucibles, and man iples. They then proceeded to the altar of their chapel, at which the Mass proceeded with that at the high altar up to the Epistle and Tract, when the Archbishop called on the congregation to pray for the prelates elect, who prostrated themselves as the Litany of the Saints was being chaunted, and at the conclusion of the Litany the Archbishop gave his blessing to the postu lants. The books of the Gospels open were ictilU Ull U14C7 OUUU1UCIO Ul U11G ^ICUIUCO UU UC liVUOG' crated, his Grace the Archbishop and the assistant prelates placed their hands on the heads of the elect, and they all said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' The heads of the Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst were then bound with linen, and the Archbishop having intoned the first verse of the sublime hymn, ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' it was taken up by the choir, which consisted of the students of Holy Cross Colleges, led by the Rev. N Donnelly, the Rev T. O'Reilly, ma tne xtev. jrroiessor v erdon, and was given is well as the rest of the sacred music, with nuch taste and devotional feeling. Nothing jould be more solemn and impressive than the 3eremonial while the grand hymn was being sung. Every part of the hallowed and ancient rites was full of meaning and Christian sym bolism, and brought before all the grandeur and beauty of the ritual of the Church. The Arch bishop having blessed the episcopal rings, anointed the heads of the new bishops. At the conclusion of the first Gospel, the Very Rev. Canon M'Cabe ascended the pulpit and delivered a most eloquent and impressive discourse, taking the following passage for his text : — 'He shall judge the poor of the people, and he shall save the children of the poor. He shall continue with the sun and'before the moon and throughout all generations. He will come down like rain upon the fleece, and like showers gently falling on the earth. In His days jus tice shall spring up and abundance of peace. He shall rule from sea to sea and from the beginning to the ends of the earth.' At the termination of the sermon the Mass proceeded, and at the conclusion of the Preface, the 132nd psalm ' Ecce quam,' was sung by the choir, during the performance of which the hands of the recently consecrated bishops were bound with white linen, and at the termination of the anthem they were annointed. Croziers were then placed in their left hands and the rings on their hngers, in accordance with the ritual ceremonial. The books of the gospels, which had been laid open on the necks and shoulders of the new bishops (to signfy their entire sub mission to the words of God) were then handed w Luem uy wie arcnDisnop, wno saitt ?? Uo torch and preach the gospel to all God's creatures,' The new prelates proceed to their chapel, and the Mass was., continued at the high and side altars up to the offertory, when the new bishops joined the Archbishop at the high altar, where missals were placed for them. After the ? consecration of the sacred elements the Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst partook of the same communication with the Archbishop. The mitreB having been blessed by the prelate celebrant, he he placed them on the heads of the new prelates, ?who gave him and the assistant bishops the kiss of peace, and then proceeded through the church, and gave their blessing to the vast kneeling con- ? gregation. Having been conducted to the thrones j for them after the post communion, they pro- ', nounced the episcopal benediction, and with the ' Te Deum concluded the ceremonies of the day, which promoted two good and holy priests to the prelacy of a remote region into which they will carry, not the trophies of human conquest, but that eternal emblem of the old faith in which alone shall man conquer. — Freeman. 