The tenure of the Russell Ministry m iiing knd appears to tremble in the balance, and consistently enough, upon a money question, the difference between £6 and £10, the town valuation for the franchise ; this is where the the crisis so momentous to 'Whiggery, gorged with 36 years' official spoil hinges. The advanced liberal ? party, think ing a lodger's franchise is just as good as the man who occupies a bulk or stall, and better too they say where the claim ant is a skilled artizan, or scientific and lite rary man, although not the holder of a degree at an university (which itself confers a vote) while the Radical party are for the £6 bill, and nothing but the bill. What sort of a dwelling a £6 one can be in the present state of London for instance, where the pale and bilious denizens are struggling for a bare sub sistence, it would be hard for us to say, it being some years since we lived in that city, but as it is enly 2s. 4d. and 8-1 3th of a penny per week, the domicile cannot be very commo dious ; and if an ambitious man thinks proper to speculate in these sort of dwellings with a view to a large majority following at the hust ings, he might be pretty certain of winning the title to catch Mr. Speakers' Hi. A John Philpot Curran -would stand a bad chance against this man with his tenantry at his heels. The proceedings of the lower class of electors donot attract much admiration. At a Sydney election lately, one party accused the other of buy ingvotes at a shilling a head, which was immediately resen ted by the accused party asserting that 2s. 6d. was the figure. This seemed to vindicate the honour and salve the offended susceptibility of both sides completely, os. a head was given lately in an Egnlish borough. God pity the country if the electors in general were made of this sort- of stuff, though we have heard oxirselves of votes being bought for a glass of drink each. But the subject is re volting j would that it were exceptional in that light. As good luck has it, the press steps in as the' 'fourth estate in the realm,'; and defecates the stagnant pool of politics ; and but for it, we fear the free and independent electors, with the aid of their favourites, would smother us in their peculiarly fetid atmos phere. These questions, in short, of £o 19s. ll^d. and £G seem to be coming to this solu tion. You must educate .and enfranchise the people, The chivalrous Marquis. of Angleseu was cashiered from his vice-royalty, because he advised the Irish to agitate. But he was right, for agitation is substantially education, and in a free community some good is always from it as fire is from flnt. It does, indeed, appear hard that a skilful engineer or a suc cessful author, who cannot afford to dwell with his family in a £G or £10 bulk or shanty is to have a vote. No' enthusiasm appears to have been elicited by this £6 scheme, and we may conclude that it is the last throw ofthe dice. The career of the party has been cu rious, all tholeadei-s, except Lords Grey, Dur ham, and Brougham, having started as arrant Tories and comiptionists. Russell wrote a book to prove that the rotten boroughs of England were the perfection of human wis dom, and another book eulogising the Corn Laws as the great buttress of thefinglish con stitution, and he ends his political life in a cobbler's bulk, having first, however, bitterly embroiled us with America, while the ghosts of the troops in the Crimea are still crying in his.ear3 'false, perjured, treacherous Russell, that stabbed us in the conference at Vienna.' And so. much for the descendant of Edmund Burke. But what a pecuniary harvest have the party not mode 1 It is a fact that agents were' employed to find out the connexions of the faction in office, in order .that no thirty first' cousin of the families should be left with out having a dip in the. public exchequer. ' TiiAXK you for nothing,' said Gallipot, when his patient throw him a,n empty pill-box for his fee. Equally valuable is the remark that the spread of manufactures in a country is a source of wealth and strength. 'What pro gress are we making. Above all (to be precise) what is the intention of the colony in regard to the manufacture of wool. Does she intend always to export it to England to be made into cloth ? If so, she will continue the process of impoverishment now going on. The late advices from the English woollen cloth dis tricts show that 'the demand for fine cloth is slack | but,' adds the report, ' good shoddy and muhgo are in demand, with rates firm, but in ferior sorts ofthe latter are difficult to dispose of, except at a reduction in price.' Shoddy and mungo are other names for ' devil's dust,', i.e., woollen rags torn by revolving spikes, (called a devil), then seized and doctored and exported to this colony stud other places as j woollen goods (bless the mark) from contact with which, after a shower of .rain, it is neces sary to keep to the windward side.. Well, we have not the satisfaction 6tv wearing our own wnol. Were a tnaniifuctiivo/nf the articles established here, an immense trade could be done. True, the English houses; would make a grand and combined effort to put it down ; but in that case a moderate protective duty, along with the other expenses, would baffle, them. This is a branch of political economy in which the merchants could not .apply their one-sided doctrine of buying as cheap and sel- : ling as dear as they can. The case of the woollen ^manufacture of Ireland is one in proof, for with every advantage over England for the trade, the latter swept it away from her, making even the Royal Dutchman the mouthpiece of her resolve to discourage it. That policy succeeded, for Ireland has now none whatever, while England has a great one. Arguing from paJuojlels, if New South Wales could discourage foreign woollen cloths ! and encourage her own it wouftl be a benefit.' What is ' sauce for the goose/is sauce for the gander.' A moderate duty..does not stimulate smuggling, nor the stimulated patriotism which announces that none but native manufactures are sold in this or thaf^stablishment while, in reality, they are all foreign, and this is one of the trump cards of the English houses against a revival of native manufac'tm-cs elsewhere. Victoria if pushing the greedy manufacturers of Eifgland off their stools, and it is marvellous how sluggish pub-, lie opinion on these vital points continues in New South Wales, whereas they ought to . be themes of debate, like Bishop Berkley's qiierie3— 'Here is one for the quidnuncs.' If New South Wales were surrounded with a wall of brass, could she cultivate aud manu facture what she wanted for her own supprt % The' rumour of a war between Prussia and Austria would not possess much interest, un less for the statement that Italy will join the former, in which' case the plan of action will embrace the expulsion of hated Austria fvom the ' City of -Bridges,' and the whole of the Adriatic. No occurrence could bo more op portune at once to gratify the fine army of Victor . Em'aiiucl, and the aspirations of his people for ' Unita Italia.' The interference of Lord Malmsbury in favour of Austria after the battles of Magenta and Solferino, which arrested the further progress of the .French troops, and rendered L'idees Napoleon! ic. a-nent the quadrilateral, 'like words cosi gealed in northern air,' could not be repeated in, this case, for England has got a more stubborn customer to deal with in- the Prus sian king— a post he holds, .its. ho dccsl.-ires, 'jure divitio'-— and if any bargain could bo struck for a cession of the left bank of the Rhine between him and 'the man of destiny,' tlie marine of England might have to salute the Prussian flag on Cromberg Castle' Eh^;- ' land having given up the idea of ever look ing again to Ireland as a recruiting ground, and admitting, as the Times does, that the miserable scum of her towns are out of the question in military matters, she can only look to. the pauper grand and little Dukes of Germany for small bands of hired cut-throats. But if they ever do corns into collision with the forces of Italy, Prussia, or France, the grandeur of their Dukoslups will become what mathematicians call a negative quantity. Tha latter event may be a consummation devoutly to be wished, just as the destruction of the Italian grand Dukcships was, for Italy, though fevered with the prospects ami respon sibilities of another march to freedom, has, ever since their disappearance, breathed more f.eely, and no doubt the poor people of ihj Vaterland would not repine at the loss o; their share of the beggarly and stinking pup pet show. In the meantime the funds arc filling, and the ino'nied men who have the best access to the arcana of cabinets are tak ing alarm at the signs in the horizon. 