MISCELLANEQOTS. E A( nosT Srory-.-X man. living at a vli f:t.ge near ?Mobile, at:er:i tedt to i'ghten sote 1,iris by wrapping a 'hite cloth around i:' lody, and personating a gho:.. All n1 t b1ut one, who pulled out a revolver, and ried siex balls into the heal and lbov. An the iart t shot the glh.st fell, rt she continue- firig. She then went home and relate) t?l? circma * thnce, and partie s returnin- to the :ln lit' entirely ext3sac, two ai-s a-:av I~- : .::ted the fbreliea, iand t, e cnd rr f=ee ? he region of -We heart 0 TELE5R1PHIC Ms&.e- AŽ ' " Z:- v :f, -f j :, worJder, " Juhl"?- ro' " r.i nr P:.\e BYr etie time t ?e-- sa reat'e C:°1 adl !i (jt -r woul have to -,xis through London on its wa') it hal, b??oe = ltered i.into "John SPomens n Plate Moner." The bookseller at Camubridge wrote by return to say that he regretted hsl inability to findr any such work. Thuz AnT OF KIILLI'SG.--An Aus'i:ma chemist, 23. Leinelbrock, has discovered a way of enclosing electricity in small gl·?ss capsules which will explode under the influence of the 4 slightest shock. The capsulne is enclosed in a steel cone, so that, if shot from a rifle, it will enter the flesh, an I the explosion which fol lows is sullicient to kill a man. Experiments have been made on oxen and horses with per feet success, these anim:ds having fallen down Ss if struck with lightning. The following is said to be an incident of the battle of Lissa:---While the iron-clad fri gate Red Ita?di, was sinking, two Austrian officers jumped into a boat a-nd rowed towards the stern of the frigate, in order to seize the Italian flag, which was flying there. uEt an Italian oficer laid hold of it, although be could see tile slip was on the point ofsinking and, after tiring'a revolver at the Aunstrians, went down, preferring to perish with the vessel rather than deliver up the flag. n3IoatE ATLr.NTIC C.'anas.-This last achievement will do much to stimulate corn petition. Now that a feat that was popu larly pronounced impossible has been per formed, capital in abundance will be forth coming for similar tnterprises. A new- cable company has alre:uly been projected .in - New York, with a capital of' 10,000,000dloLs., Slwhich proposes to lay a transtlanhmtic line from New York, via Bermuda and the Azores, to Lisbon. But, meanwhile, the opening of the second line will, it is believed, lead to a reduction in the present prohibitive tariff. Thie charge for messages has given general \- dissatisfietion, and has prevented the press of the two countries availing itself of this new channel of public intelligence. The opera tions of the line have been confined mainly to private telegrams, and to the daily quotations of cotton, consols, gold, bonds, &c.; Yet even within these restricted limits, the returns of the line are steadily increasing, anrd are equivalent to £900,000 a year. Thus it is clear that their is ample scope for a reduction of one half in the charge of messages; still leaving the line one of the best investments of the ige. I WANsTED A BnaRnru.-The person who plied the scissors and razor in Kilmore for some time past, has owing to people " cutting too fine, had a "close shave" to eke out a livelihood amongstus, an'l in order to better his "barberous' coridition has gone in search. of "fresh fields and pasture new," where "lathering' may be more abundant, and has thus caused the hiisute appendages of many of our townsmen to become even more rugged and out of order. Kilmore at one time boasted of the services of two or three barbers and now that the population is greater than ever it is strange that one cannot b& supported. We would bring the miatter undei- the notice of those who would be likely to give the place a trial, and, should a barber not locate him self here we would suggest that one of the inhabitants be nominated 'to perform the necessary services-say month about. It would be well to begin with our public men, some of whom have very little to do. First, we would recommend our Borough Council to take the initiative, and, in order to prevent a squabble for the office, it would be well to elect them alphabetically. The honor would thus befirst conferred upon our worthy M3ayor who, judging from his general business habits would realise somethinghandsome. It would be necessary for him, however, to have some practice at the trade before announcing him self a proficient. The following welcome news with regard to the crops is furnished by the Kyneton Ob sercer :--" Harvest prospects continue of the most flourishing desdriptfoa. All kinds of crops present a most luxuriant appearance, and neither wheat nor oats present any symp toms of rust or blight. In some localities the complaint is that the oats are growing too rankly, and one or two farmers intend to cut their crops for hay rather than risk the grain harvest. :At Redesdale we were shown a field of oats, about a hundred acres in extent which excels anything we remember to have seen before. The owner confidently calcu lates upon a yield of 100 bushels to the acre, and, judging from appearances; the estimate is not an an extravagant one. The crop is a self-sown one. Last year the owner did not think it worth while to reap the oats, and contented himself with harrowing his scanty crop into the ground- The result is as we have stated. In the same neighbourhood there are some magnificent crops of wheat. Of course thereare still risks to be encountered but at the present'there is almost a certainty of the harvest of 1867 being the most prolific we have had for years." On Friday evening, about six o'clock, says the Talbot Leader, a young lady,; iesiding in the neighbourhood of Mount Greenock, was enjoying the cool evening breeze,-" In. mai den meditation fancy free,"-when, as she reached the :extreme top of the Mount she was startled.by aaunusual sound in the air and on looking upwards to her horror beheld an immense eagle in the act ofswooping down upon her. She screamed, tiltrI with ,her parasol, and rushed down the Mount as fast as the nature of the ground would permit; his en;gieship still following and hoveringover head, at no more than about ten feet distance until on rc:chin;r tiee base of the M3ount, whlsther alarnimel at h:is near approach, to human hsbit:uion, or startled at the bellowing of some cattle grazirng on the plain, the eagle at ist- rciingqi:leied the pursuit, and the lady reached home aimor~t in a f6inting fit, and a very nrmucl a!armed by- the occurrence. 