S LOCAL AND PIROV INOIAL. GOULBURN CHURCH SOCIETY. T_ e,;cend anneal meeting of the Church Society of the diocese of Goulburn, was hold on Wednesday evening, the 28th Feobruanry, in the hall of the Itechanice' Institute, his Lordship the president in the chair. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Rev. Mr. Sowerby, after which the president called upon the secretary, lIr. F. R. L. Rossi, to read the report of the committee, which was as follows : Yeour committee have the pleasure to offIer the second annual report of the Church Society of Goulburn. Without preface, they proceed to give an account of the labors and wors carried out during til past year ending 31st Decembcr,1800. The grants from the society are total amount £1703 2s. 2d. Throee churches ihave been aided in tile buildlng by grants of £225--viz., at Bungendore, Young, Illnd. ITwo globes assisted to tce extent of £IO0. Two parsoncages £170. lwos schools have been assisted in their erection by amounts of £75--at Yass and QueanbeyaS. To o catechist at Giunnling £41 13s. 4d. was granted. A student at Moore College has obtained aid towards education by a grant of L£O. £670 160. 8d. has been expended towards the stipends of eleven clergy men, and arrangements have been made for tle introduetion of four clergymen from Eoglnod, of whom three hlave arrived and one is on his way, at a total cost of £419 2s. 2d..for outfit and passage. The comprehensive character of the objects of tile Clcurch Society of Goulburn, your committee believe have already been eufflcintly explained. In those instecances here the objects have been understood they have been appreciated. Time has now rendered apparent oeven to tile remotest por tions of the very large and wide-spread diocese orf Goolburn thel advantages of your society, in which It had been te decsire of many ofits frlends to involo oan interest. Its operations will, we are persuaded, inform those who are distant from thle seat of management that thelr necessities and claims are as scrupu lously swatched and as gladly cared for as other districts im mediately contiguous; for instance, Corowa, lanbula, Ilrecd albsne, Cooma, Wentworthl, Eden, lowlong, 3foorwathn, Gcundagai, North Goulbourn, and iurrowa, wlicelh have received promises of aid to each In sums of £50 to £100. Your committee do very heartily congratulate your society. S bhey devoutly acknowledge tlhcAlmlghty's blessing, and thankl lim for tihe measure of success tbhat ts attended its anxious labors. Ohe kind but masterly help that tih society hIas de rived from the able counsels of the president loudly demands grateful acknowledgment; with sucll a leader for the time to come, and God's good and Iloly Spirit to guido him and your society, the bcet is hoped for the future. HIaving relation to tile prospects of income of your society for the present year, dloubtless severe loss icas affected tile monetary position of all or nearly so of tihe Inlhabltanls of tllis diocese; but your committee hope tlhey cmay not be deemed as writing irrelevantly in their report if they taffectionately solicit every measure of possible help, that your society's thands may be strengthened and enabled largely to extend its splere of usefulness. [ay not tic happily oow passed desolate condition of this country from drougt, presCent itself by analogy to tile minds of those who will but thoink a little, how fearful is yet the state of many of our churchmen in the scattered interior who themselves requlro watering, and swho suffer Incomparably greater ultimate loss from the dearth of Gord's word. There is an interesting feature that your society presents Iy the oencouragement it hs affordced to many undertakings con nected with church workl. In several Instances churcec, schools, &c.;, having itn view tile friendly countenance of year society, they have been voted considerable aid. T. . Ofort, Esq., hos intilated his intention of becoming a lifo member, and tlakes position, by the liberality of hiis dona tion, of a vice.president. Thbor are four students at Moore College, and other gentle men are expected to join ; tile accession of tllese gentlemen to swell the numbers of tihe clergy is a ihappy omen Ice tie colony. herore e seven additional clergymen in tie diocese since the formation of the society. Your comomlttee lay little stress upon tl necessity for a voluminoous statement of work accomplisoed; fuller earticulars appear In a tabulated form. Tbey rest satietled that abundant good has liowed to the diocese, wlhich will yet more be increased by a more regular return of moneys from the bralclh asocin lions, that, your committee take leavo to hope, they will kindly bear to nind. Th, depot for sle oof Chrisitlan boot, is sworking an cuxtecled and happy influence tIlrouglout the country, and its benedclia iffects are thakfulcfy appreciated. A welt-selected library it conjunction wlth the above is used as a lending library to the clergy, its foundation being a gift fronl a charity known as Dr. Bray's assoeiats in London. Furlther, there is a lendiog library to tie lchildren of tile Sunday schools. Your committee would now conclude with tioe earnest prayer for God's continued favor. After which the treasuror was requested to read Tlic Ft'NACIAI. SITATIsGS :c Do. Goeneral lud. Stipend fund. Total. To balaonce at lasot £ s. d. £ . . £ A. d ann. meet. i731 1 0 D?#` 17 8 070 3 4 receiptsfroml st Jan., Se05, to 21st Dec., Ot80 188 0 11 224 55 2 41332 1 £2I19 7 11 £2190 7 £11809 15 5 C1 Ily expend. during eamtolwrlod... 2902 0 2 2117 00 6077 0 5 Balance on 3lat toc, 1600...... Dr. 263 1 3 0.. - - 8 Dr. 26 13 0 The president then rose to explain the proposed course of proceeding at this nlotltng, which waso to Illot a special portion of the subject to tieclh speakor nnd to linst thie tinlt to ton minutes. Ills Lordshipt would raoervo his own addrcess till the laot. Sir, Alniui, wh w wait desired to inovo the adoption of thi relloft dit ndhtatuouit, culotgrlttlstetl his Lord atlp ilnd coelntulllcu on tlo ?su rosilttn ill.il3y obtlaled, 'iThore war It v08 l hltllruvotro tt t his seilrituitl slats of this dloceo, whih was in a grout toIsCuro duo to his Lordship's travels throughout the length and breadlh of it. l[Much remained to be done, and the people must hbe looked to, to assist in the good work. Ilo concluded with moving the following resolution: TPht tile report now rsed oe printed and eircultoted ?nder the dlreotion of the comutteoe nld tlat the fmollowing he tile oonmnttte nndome?rs for Ith gyin 156 O:--Paron--lls Exrbl lhney Sir .Tohn Youne, art., 1o.C.I., hi.Chheh., oerornor-to Chlef. eslbident --Tli Ililght iroeerend the Lord Bishop of Ooul lurn. Vleo-preldoen?t-. Bouclmer, sq., t.'.; Georgeo Canphoell, Esqu ; IV. Pn. l'athfell, q, J.IP.: T.uS. Mort, Eq., LuP. Committco-J. J. llmano, PtM., S. IL Beloler, Joseph ilull, Andrew S. Chisholm, J.I', it loa.Jas. Chlisbolmo, Ilt.., t.o1V. Chisholma J.P., W. Conolly, J.'., A. D. Saunre, Andreow l. ?. Glbson,.t. i: V. ifan ord,J'. . HIorn, 3. Longrerld, i'. orooro, C. 'billtpr.w,."V. Stacey, nr. Teoer, G. ITi Chorn, T.'., II. Turner J.1P., . Toyntu, I1. West, 11. Zoull, S.i'., J.P., nd nill rubseribing clergymen licenseod l the diooese. Tron hureorAleto-Anderson,-Srq., Ilank of Now South oales, Goulburn. Ionorary Secrotaries--tier. w . Sowerby, Iter. 0\. Lamb, M.A., C. S. Alexander, Esq., O.0.S.,F. RL. rossi, olq., J.1. Secretary and Colleetor-u-Y. I. ?naybhry. Ir. A. Chisholm seconded the motion. The presidont then put it to the mooting, when it woo carried unanimously. SHis Lordship called upon the Roev. M[r. Soworby, who said:--The society of which ho had now to peark was of a description similar to those which had dlon established by the wisdom of the rulers in tie Church of England in the adjoining dioceses in Now South Wales. They were admirably adapted to mooeet the rrquiremonts of the church under existing cir cumstances. The society was as yet only in its inficy, but the good it had already booeen able to accomplishe was most encouraging, and thankful indeed ought every faithful member of lthe church to he that the giver of all goodness had nso greatly blessod its manifold operations. It embraced every object necessary to render the church efficient, and it had spread its influence over all parts of this largo diocese. IIowovor, they did not say that more than the skeleton or fromewore had yet been established. They trusted that when tiles was filled up in all localities, as they anticipated it would he, they shlould possess machinery for their great work, whileh would be found to answer all the purposes contemplated by those who had eospended their time and exorcised their talents so largely and booeficeilly in its forma tion. The population of the diocese numbered thirty thousand as belonging to the Church of England. Of tlhis largo number of souls not more than seven hundred were found to be subscribers tI the society's fends. It was then to be presumed that when the society had spread its ramifications moro extensively, it would receive still greater sup port, and that the great body of churchmeno would be reachled, and would cheerfully come in and enrol themselves upon their lists. There had been a great outcry for voluntaryism in many quarteors ; they were now in a position to test its sincerity, and it woas to be hoped that like many outcries it would not end in sound. Their efforts hlitherto ihad booeen crowned with success; but everyone must perceive at a glance that to reach the members of the church ocattored over such an immense territory would requiro their combined and most active exertion. As to their funds, in their first year, ending 31st lecomber, 1864, there was received or general purposes ........................................ £866I 1 For stiponds for clergy ............................. ....... 172 12 4 £0030 S S In the year 1865 there was received eor general fnd .................................... ;:e,, £10 611 or etipeu dseofcle rgy ..................................... 2215 2 £4133 12 1 Now, seeing that the society had been in opera tion for six months only in 1804, they calculated that had it boon working during the whole year, its revenue would have boon doubled, that was, it would have amounted to £2078 10s. 10d. Even had that been thle case, the income was just about double this sum in 1865, thus holding out the most satisfac tory prospects for the future. It could not however be concealed that the population was now suffering from a severe trial. God had boon pleased to afllict the land with a more than usual drought, causing great but he trusted not irreparable losses on allhands. A blessed change had come over the land, and what was lately a barren and parched desert now " re joiced and blossomed as the rose." Lot them then not forgot Him who had caused so marvellous a changeo; but, so far as they were able, lot them not act, as was too frequently the case, and deprive God of their usual gifts. fHe feared it was too much the custom that when any worldly calamity befell them, the first thing they did was to act thus, and that which might have beoon greatly blessed had it been rightly appropriated, was porchance rendered a curse to them by its misdirec tion. The objects of the society embraced a wide field, and they would find in last year's report they were classed under eight heads. It would not be necessary for him to advert to each of these, and, in deed, the time would not permit his doing so. There were, however, one or two statements which were very important. The first object was: to aid in providing a sustentation fund for the clergy of the dioceso; and, secondly, to obtain additional clergy men for unsupplied districts. They were perfectly aware how he and others engaged in the endowment of the bishopric pressed this consideration upon the public, that the advent of a bishop would almost of necessity load to the introduction of additional ministers. In this respect their most sanguine anticipations had boon more than realised, and they were most thankful upon this which was un questionably thlo first and greatest want of the church. Since the formation of the society, in July, 1G14, seven clergymen had been added to their then diminishing number, and they trusted that matters wore now in such a train as would enable the bishop, from time to time, to supply the requirements of the diocees; and it was to be hoped that in all cases the parishioners would consider it their bounden duty properly to provide for their minister, and upon no account to permit the stipend to fall into arrears. The objects embraced in Nos. 4, 5, and 8 were met by the society, by giving grants, in aid for different purposes, to as great an extent as its funds would per mit. This was exemplified by a statement he would give them. For instance, grants had been made for various purposes embraced in the list of objects, amounting to £510. This sum, judiciously dis tributed, had led to an aggregate expenditure of £5435, and it was found that, although the society contributed only one-fifth of that amount, yet the contribution in a majority of instances had the effect of encouraging the parties to go on with their work and to have it completed. Thus was their expondi ture, although small, the means of completing works which otherwise might have remained long in ahoy ance. Object No. 6 had been so far most efficiently accomplished ; but he was almost ashamed to have to state, without any help whatever from the society. So fair from that being the case, the society, he considered, was really in debt to the depot, for it hald provided a committee-room and otherwise helped them to a very great extent, and all he could say was that he hoped they should, whenever required, be in a position to promote the views of those who had established an institution of the most vital import ance. Ho believed that it was doing a work silently and quietly, the good effects of which it was impossible for them to estimate too highly. It com mended itself to the patronage and support of every true christian, and lihe prayed God that that support would never be withdrawn from it. IIo congratu lated them and rejoiced in what had been done. They had great difficulties to encounter, great difi culties had already been overcome, and he hoped the Spirit of the Living God would enablo them to con quer every obstacle in their way, for the sake of Jesus Christ their blessed Lord and Saviour. Thorn seemed to be a notion, not general certainly, that they rendered assistance to objects beyond tihe doe mands of their own diocese. They received support from all quarters from which it could be procured, but the society's operations were confined oxcls sively to the diocese of Goulburn, and surely they had sufficient worok upon their hands to supply their own wants. Let no one then go away with tihe in pression that any part of their income was spent in anything but whr t appertained to their own diocese. MIr. Anderson was next called upon, who after a few introductory romarks proceeded to say :-That the resources of the society's income were threefold, annual subscriptions, donations, and thankl-offeringJ. The chief source of revenue to the society was of course the annual subscriptions. First, to the general diocesan fund, for the general purposes of the society, namely grants to assist in building churches and parsonages, and school-houses, to be used Its tem porary churches; grants in aid to ministers and catcclists, travel;lo opexpense, and other incidentals. Second, to lthe prochiol stipendl fund, for the maintonance of thle ministers in the various parishes or districts. It was of the ulmost importance thoat every member of the Church of England in thoe dioces should consider it not only his duty to contribute annually as far ais lie was ablo, to the support of the ministrations of the gospel in his own particular district; but Ito should also regard it as a privilego to aid in a work so eslculated to confer luasting beonofits upon tihe community at large. 'Tiho diocese con. lained at present sabout 30,000 Imnombrs of thie Cln'erh of Enghland, and it ust bo evidoent that If only half of that number contributod to the funds of the society In a noannur adequato to their moans, the revenue would be quito luaul to a far groator expendituro tlhn had boon incarred. The second source - donalions, must of necessity be very variable. His Excelloncy Sir John Young had shown an example of liborality which might withadvantago be followed by others, in giving the society a donation of £25. It was to be hoped that this high osxample would bo followed. The third source of rovenuo was thank offerings for special morcies. This should be much more prodauctive than it was. , In this country so much of. individual prosperity was directly (and visibly so) dependent on the will of Almighty God that it could scarcely seoom too much to expect that gratitude for special mercies should taie a form more substantial than that of more words. They had lately received, in common with other parts of the colony, a special mercy in the shape of copious and abulndant rain, and when they remembered that had this great mercy boon much longer delayed, the loss to the colony in general, and to overy member of the community, would have boon almost ruinous; surely such a mercy demanded a special recognition at their hands. Mr. Conolly then addressed the meeting. HIo eaid it must be admitted a great, might he not say an alarming necessity existed for calling upon all their resources to increase the efficacy of the Goulburn Church Society, the success of which society must materially aid in preventing the crime, alas, too common at present, and ho feared increasing. For a long period the diocese of which thoy had now tihe charge, had a career of almhnost unexampled pros perity; at present they were suffering from the depression natural to it contrary state of things. They were aware that people required to be educated to bear adversity, and they know that the people of this diocese wvor only now gradually obtaining the means of education for such a condition. They kneow that to fear God and honor the Queen and to love their neighbour as themselves, the people must receive a religious education ; and such was the great object of that society, and that they woere ndeacvour ing to have such an education imparted must be a matter of much comfort to them at a period so big with fear for the future. Wrhen about to take charge of this diocese his Lordship issued an appeal to Christian people and societies in England which had been so successfil that his Lordship had received great assistance, not only from individuals, but from s no of those noble societies that were the glory of th:ir land, and without which assistance they would not have been able to accomplisih as much as trhey had done. Tire societies ire referred to were the Colonial and Continental Church Society, and the Society fobr the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. HIo believed he was correct in stating that those societies with the assistance of other philanthropic friends, provided the greater part of the fiunds necessary to defray the expenses of all the clergy brought here through his Lordship's instrumentality. IHe believed he was also correct in stating that out of £3000 required they had not been called upon for £500. In looking over the reports of these societies lie found that they assisted them anually to the extent of C£300 each. Should they not manke great exertions to induce them to continue that support. The members of these societies had not, like them, a stake in the country. They were possessed of no property or interest. Hero they had nothing to stimulate them but the love of God, and the desire to spread his Gospel; and yet to what an extent did this one object affect them. WVhen they found them disposed to assist so liberally, the more they did the more likely were they to obtain assistance from these societies, which it was his object to recommend to their notice that evening as a means of increasing their resources, and also to stimulate them to greater exertion. Ilo was sure the friends of the Church Society would join with him in desiring that the few remarks he had made might be considered by their right reverend presi dent as a voto of thankns on the part of the meeting to the Colonial Church Society and the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel for their most liberal assistance. lie believed that his Lordship would join with them most cordially in the feeling of gratitude to them, and he trusted they would long continue their support to the Church Society, which had, in common with them, that one great object in view, the spread of the gospel of peace to the honor and glory of God. Mr. Ielcher thenou rose, and said that the part which had fhllon to him was about the most impor tant. After listening to Mnr. Soworby's statement of the good already done with so little, it could not be doubled that with greater means still greater results would be shown. ite would propose the following plans:-First, to organize ladies' associations. No argumonts were necessary to prove the value of this mode of collecting; the Goulburn ladies had set a bright example. Secondly, there should hbe collect ors in every district. They weore all apt to forgot, and required to be reminded. IMany would give if indi vidually asked to do so. Thirdly, there should be an annual offortory collection in every church in the diocese. It was usual in England, and worked well; therefore there was a good precedent for it. The result of the years that wore past was no criterion of what might be done. The prosperity of the Church Society must tend to diminish crimo by spreading the blessings of religion and education. His Lordship said that the ladies should soon have on opportunity of acting as Mtr. elchoer had sug gested. The weekly offertory was an important subject, requiring a largo amount of information to remove misconception of the objects of that collec tion. If the objects weore understood not less than £2000 a-year would be raised by it in the diocese. Mtr. Lamb said the offertory, or rather wooely offertory, was founded on scripture, especially in the last chapter 1 Corinthians. Liberality was incul cated throughout the Bible, but hero especial rules were laid down for their guidance. Tho apostle selected the day when all met together. It was also the custom of the Jews. Neglect of it could not take place without injury to themselves. They were taught to give on principlo; it was their duty to give and express their gratitude to God. It beno fited both giver and receiver. As to the measure let each, as the apostle says, lay by as God has prospered him. Their gains were known to God and themselves, and if they withhold they would rob God and not man. To have, and not to givo, was to make what they had a burden, not a blessing. From the Jews God demanded one-tenth. Surely christians should not be behind them. God expected more from them as children. There was no fixed rule for filial affection; therefore their measure was not specified. Thoe question should be, not how little, but how much they could give. People should not wait till they became richer. Our Lord noticed the widow's mite. St. Paul commended the church of MIacedonia, who gave out of their own necessity. Let them boware of covetousness, that canker worm of this generation. Faith and works must go together. How had they degenerated Irom thie primitive christians. Their deficiency was want of love of Christ. Scoffers pointed at the apathy of christians to prove their insincerity. To spend lavishly was as sinful as hoarding up. Should they cut the loaf and give the crumbs only to God. "What would be thought of a labourer who should expect wages, and do only his own work ? MIr. Horn spoke to the reasonableness of the weookly offertory. Its object was the relief of the poor. What could be more cheering to tihe heart of the giver than to know his gift benefited the poor. They never gave without receiving a blessing. People should give according to their means. Mr. tRossi said that the advantages of the habitual and weekly use of the offertory might be said to be so evident as to require no demonstration. To properly carry out the conduct of church matters they knew as imperatively required the aid of money as secular business. In a commercial view the rapid accumulation of even small sums created prodigious results, so by the inconsiderable gifts regularly given by congregations, were vast sums raised from time to time. It was to be remarked that probably no other mode or device would create such vast results. Largo contributions from individuals for church work were sometimes followed by a reaction of almost in difference; the giver unhappily in many cases think ing that after an effort he might afford to rest, and content himself with the good he fancied he had done. In a very different spirit should they be guided in their liberalities. They woere not ashamed to acknowledgeo their dependence and ask day by day for their daily bread; they weore not ashamed to receive that aid; but where was their thankfulness of heart if the less frequently they wore disposed to give of that which a merciful God had showered upon them? HIow abashed must stand the heart that man designated liberal alt the recollection of the humble creature, the widowed heart, that gave-not as fishion ruled, but with fullest integrity of purpose -"of hoer poenury, all the living that she had." Could any better answer be given to one who would argue " 1 cannot afford it i" Its believed it was never intended that they should literally imitate this glorious example, by giving nil that they inlght possess; at thoe nsame tl how freqrllntly was the very lslano Ice ha hd quoted of the widow niado an unworthy justliflcation for giving the smilllest con tributllion, "I will glvoe ay mito," sold solmc onel over and over again, Did nmn imoaglto that they were doing theirdluty while they withhold all but the least help? " Abel brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his lofering." 'Thoroby," remarked Bishop Home, "instruct cng us, as the law afterwards did the children of Israel, that we ought not to appear beforo the Lord 'empty,' or. to offer to Him of that 'which cost is nothing.'" The primeo of their years, the flower of their increase, should be dedicated and devoted to Him who made them all they wore, and gave them nll they lihaed. "The King shall answer and say unto them: verily, I say unto you, inasmucll na yo have done it unto the least of one of these my brethren, y0 have done it unto meo." This memorablo and gracious answeor of our Saviour was fit to be ongravon in the hearts and over sounding in the cars of all industrious promoters of charity. True it was our Saviour said--" eIo in person yo never relieved, supported, comforted; bhut since ye performed theso kind offlices to others who belonged to me, at my command, and for my sake, I consider what you did to them as done to myself, and shall accordingly give you a most valuablo recompense." These words, considered as they ought to be an to their general drift, pressed upon them two powerful motives to the practice of charity-the one that upon this point they should certainly bhe tried and ox amined at the great day of account ; the other, "that nets of mercy done to the poor would then be no copted and rewarded as done to our Saviour HIimself." "Among all the thousands who give to these olijects, how few deny theom solves of one comfort, oven the least, that they may advance the kingdom of Christ." IIHo would earnestly invite all their churchmen through out the land to the utmost of their power to make more palatable the acceptance of the offertory in their churches. It might in some eases be required to remove prejudices that in this country had crept in against its universal use. Heo would not then enter into a discussion more than to adduce the successfil result at the church that he had boon so long con nected with-now St. Saviour's Cathedral. They were by the offertory collections in the receipt of about .0300 per annum. He would name to them that when first it had been proposed some years since to have what were then called collections, eortnin officers in that church absolutely refused to carry the plate round. The weekly collections had reached nearly to the maximum of what had boon receoived heretofore per month. There was another practical and very important item connected with the frequent or weokly offertory, that strangers, and liberal strangers from time to time came among them and they had the advantage of their gifts. If any church would adopt the course desired to be recom mended, he thought he might venture to say that the practico would never be given up. Ilis Lordship then, in introducing tho Rev. Samuel Percival to the meeting, said that Mr. Prrei val had come from India. lie had given a very interesting lecture on that country whilo in Sydney, and had kindly agreed to repeat it hero. 11o would remark that thoero was quite as much need for reli gious instruction among the whites of Australia as among the blacks of India or any other country. Mr. Percival said that a few months ago, while advocating the spread of tie Gospol abroad, he was mnot with the old saying that " Charity begins at home." This no doubt was true, for the apostles were first to preach at Jerusalem, and afterwards also where. Their preaching was not to be confined to home. The Gospel was a light; when it ilickerod something was wrong. While one being remained unconverted their duty was plain. 11o had roead an anecdoto of the lato Bishop Vilson, of Calcutta, who, while on a tour through his immenso diocese, cano to a station where no clergyman had over penetrated. Finding no hearers, he was about to proceed on his way, when a young man besought hinm to remain, promising to try and got a few together to hear him. On being asked by the bishop what had turned his heart, he stated that two years before that time he was in a billiard room with several others, one of whom had lost heavily, and who having staked his last coin, pulled out of his pocket a Hlindoo idol, and addressed the most urgent entreaties and prayers for success to it. This shocked the young man, and awakened his soul. IIo related this anecdoto to show how our own kindred white people brought up in a christian land may, under some circumstancos, sink down to the level of the heathens. During the rebellion in India of 1857 Madras was the oquietest presidency. Why ? Becauso there were more christians thoere. During tihe Lancashiro distress he collected fivo hun dred rupooees (£50) from tli heathen poor at Tanjoro, showing that the seed was sown even in their hearts. An old man, nearly a beggar, ninety years of ago, had tottered up to him with ton rupees for the samo purpose. Good feoolings once awakened, they know not how fir they might reach. They must give others the religious principles they possessed. At the siego of Agra the heatlen servants tied. Some native chris tians fleoing from their heathen brethren asked for admittance, which was somewhat reluctantly granted, it being feared by some that they might prove treacherous. Howover, they faitnhfully performed thoir duty, and under Providenco prevented another massacre like that of Cawnpore. The society ought to ani not only at. local good, but at extension abroad. Some people who had resided in India said that missionary effort had done very little in that country, but that was not correct. Fifty years ago people immolated them selves under the car of Juggernaut; not so now. A car festival was discontinued owing to the impossi bility of getting men to drag it. It had beoon the custom of thei native officials to press mon for the purpose, and this having boon represented to the government, the officials were ordered to discontinue the practice. Some of these ponderous cars required two or three thousand men to move them. As a last resource they applied for a steam ongineo! There were hundreds, nay thousands, who, without moral courage to'bravo tihe opposition of their fol lows, were still secretly convinced of the truth of christianity. Every society of that kind must be a missionary society. Their duty was to obey the commands of their great captain. His Lordship then proposed a collection, and while it was being made, The Reov. Mr. Hulbert said that evangolically speaking, tile only way to bring souls to God was to malte them know their value. The labourer was Worthy of his hire. His Lordship was not able to provide clergymen with incomes. All should help in the good work of providing the necessary means, and give liborally. The Rov. R. Loigh said that this was a mutual benefit society. As a clergyman he should feel it a great treat to hoar layman spoeak often, as they had done that night. Provision had to be made for man in his higheost relations. Education without religion was of no avail. Statements camo from many quar tars cheering the committoo in their labours, and malting them feel that this was a society to further our best interests. Its beonefits ought to be scattered abroad. The Church Society showed people there was something more important than more secular afflirs; that they had to live for eternity, and not for time. There was generally a spirit of affection between pastor and people. [lMr. Leigh spoke so rapidly that our reporter was unable to give more than a sketch of his address.] Mr. Thomas, from Yuass, on being called upon to speak, said he felt very much in the position of a young friend of his when called upon to return thanks for theli ladies at a dinner party. His friend wanted to know whether it was his youth, orboeauty, or what had made him a fit person for the office. Ito would leave the meeting to judge of his youth and beauty, and leaving these out he was quite at a loss to know why his Lordship had selected him to speak. IIo would advise an early application for money by the collectors, as he found it did not remain long in the pocket, and they might be too late. Ilis Lordship then addressed tih mooting: T.ho results of the society's operations for the past year wore by no means of an unsatisfictory charac tor when they considered the trials of the colony under the visitation of God. A sum of £1888 for the General Diocesan Fund, and of £2215 for the Parochial Stipend Fund, making a total of £1133 received by the treasurer, and dispersed by the com mittoo during tile past twelve months, should cause them all to thank God and take courage. It afforded him special pleasure to record his gratitude, to the friends around hinm, and to all in the diocese who had already aided them in thlisgreat and blessed work ; and specially to his Excellency the Governor. A vast machinery had boon brought into operation by the creation of the soo, and by the formation of the Church Society. Fourleon clergymen had been added to tihe ministorial staff' since the separation of the diocese ; coven of them alne tihe inauguration of that ' institution. Five more wore expected within tihe next threo months, Six churchs had boon completed ; oighteen now ne wones either In procens of creation, or were inl contomplaolation and twelve others wore msichn nonlded, One of tilhe ro. quirements of bis portlion of the colony was the ulatipllcation of scriptural soboole, In thi l nguasg of hisl lxcellency the Governor, at their laet mooting, "the evil (of the colony) could only be permanently met by introducing a sound religious education amongst the young." And again-" We must give the young ia nound religious education." Ilo know well what was included in a sound religious oduca lion in ia church school, under the suporvision of a zealous clergyman and the instruetion of a well trained, pious teacher. For his own part he thought that no gratulations should be indulgedin until each portion of the diocese was mapped out into a mannga able parish; that no organization could be comploto until each parish had its church, parsonage, gloeo. and school under the personal instruction of godly pastors and christian teachoers; and that no satis factory results could be attained until, through the ministrations of the church, souls woro brought by the Holy Ghost into living onion with Jesusa Christ. It would he gratifying to some of their friends to know that the fund for the endowment of the see had boon progressing simultaneously, and that there was ground for hope that the exertions of their frioends would be crowned with the desired success. This object, as well as the provision for the multipli cation of the clergy, was largely indebted to tlihe generosity of English christians, who wore deeply interested in the extension of the Church of Christ, and who contributed out of the abundanco of their love and liberality, expecting nothing in return but the welfare of their follow. men and the answer of a good conscience towards God. The object of the committee was to enlarge the area whence contributions might flow into tihe treasury of the society. Lot them hope that a feeling of thankl fulnoss to God for his mercifil providence in sending timely rain might cause thank- offerings to occupy a prominent place in the pages of next year's report, and a larger meonsuro of wooeekly bounty through the channel of the offertory, might enable each parish to complete its arrangements for the sustoentation of the ministry and the celebration of divine worship. His Lordship than pronounced the benediction and the meeting terminated. 