THE KAPCTNDA. INSTITUTE. I We have for a long" time past b3en haunted, as it were, by the ghost of the I new Institute (we use the term ghost without much compunction, for we have j quite as lively a faith in ghosts making 1 an ante-natal appearance as a post mortem) I which is, or was, to be erected to the I honour of the arts and sciences in our I township. j The site of the present temple of litera 1 ture has long been felt to be anything but j appropriate, although hedged in by j physic on the one side and divinity on the j other y and a piece of ground was accord j ingly purchased in Hill-street, as being j in a much more advantageous and central j situation, A great deal of time has been j wasted by the gentlemen who took the J matter in hand, but as the longest lane j has a turning, so ultimately action resulted I from this long interval of delay, and the J work was so far inaugurated that a con i: tract was accepted for the excavation for j the new building. Thus in two years two j 'iyreat primary steps have been achieved— | the land has been bought and the excava j tioa has been accomplished. But as it j would not at all redound to the credit of I so enterprising a community as is that of J Kapunda to allow another year to elapse I before the third step—that of commencing j the building itself—is accomplished, we j would again urge the claims which such I an object has-on the sympathy and assis I tance of the many on whose efforts within j the township the fickle jade, Fortune, has 1 smiled; and we feel convinced that if but I one of those would set the example by con | tributing liberally out. of the competence I achieved, others would speedily follow the I example, and we should have an Insti-. I tute worthy, of the second town in the j colony. In English news we frequently 1 read of .self-made men giving their thou | sands towards similar objects, and surely J there are amongst us some who could I afford to give their hundreds, or hundred; j in so doing- they would benefit the present, j as ^ well as the future generation, and j build up to themselves a lasting monument j which would cause their memory to be j held in grateful remembrance so long as | the building itself withstood the destroying 1 power of the elements. J We will not dwell at any length on the j advantages to be derived from the esta | blishment in our midst of such an insti I tution as that for which an effort is now J beng made; for they must be patent to ail, furnishing as it would books for the I reader at his own fireside, and books and | fireside to those who had no homes of j their own wherein to quaff from the cup J of knowledge $ lectures also for the hearers, #who, by means of listening to the story of j the successful war waged by others in the J great battle of life, might themselves be I led to emulate the deeds of those who I haye made to themselves names in the I world's history. The classes too which j are usually found in connection with such j institutions when they have attained to I real vitality, and are not like the present j society, merely dragging out a painful, j lingering existence, often prove to be the I workshop wherein are moulded for good I the energies and intellects of those who j otherwise might have gone through life I devoid of any energy, because they lacked j the stimulant to action which the self I respect engendered by studious perseve I fence never fails to supply, determining I its possessor to enforce also the respect of j others. I In fact there is no saying what amount I of good might not follow the establish | ment of a good Institute if it were conducted | liberally and energetically; and as there I is nothing like a modicum of present | success to urge on to a greater degree of j future usefulness, we trust that subscrip I tions for the new Institute may flow boun I tifully into the treasury of die manage j ment j and as some of our wealthy readers J may prefer to send without being called j jupon for their donations, we may just | mention that subscriptions to any amount j will be received at the National Bank, j We only hope some spirited gentle I men will so soon comply with this J appeal to their liberality that the Com I mittee may be justified in at once calling I for tenders, not only for the proposed 1 Institute, but also for the large lecture I hall which it was intended to erect subse jqusntly at the rear of the main building, and which, we are sure, would meet with1 a ready rental from the members of the various Friendly Societies, besides affording a certain place for the labsurs of the Institute lecturers. In view of the re- , venue which we believe would be derived I from this source, we should like to jhear of some of our liberal-minded men of | wealth lending the Committee £5001 without interest for a few years, and; though they might lack the material 10 j per cent, interest, for their capital, we are j sure they would realize an interest of a! better kind in the good which they would afford the means of effecting, and in the thanks of those who would thus be bene fitted. On Sunday evening last a very large congregation assembled at the Baptist Church to witness the ceremonial of the administration of the ordinance of baptism —five members being admitted into the Church by this means—two males and three females. The rev. pastor took for the subject of his discourse the words of our Saviour," And whosoever believes and is baptized shall be saved;" taking occa- sion to direct the attention of the congre- gation to various other parts of the Scrip- tures which our Baptist friends consider command baptism by immersion. The rev. gentleman was most eloquent in his appeal to the consciences of his hearers, as to the necessity of openly dedicating themselves to the service of Christ, and ably upheld the views entertained by the members of his denomination, as against the Paedo-Baptist views. At the close of the service the ordinance was administered to the before-mentioned candidates. We understand that the Hon. G. F. Angas has forwarded the handsome donation of £500 towards the building- of the new chapel. We understand that the Wheal Barton Mine has been taken up by a strong Com pany, who intend to cany on mining operations in a most energetic manner. Our Primitive Methodist friends held special services on behalf of the church funds on Sunday and Monday last There was a fair congregation at the morning service on the former day, and a large congregation in the evening. On Mon day a tea-meeting was held at Mr. Kings borough's store, about fifty or sixty friends partaking of the cup which cheers but not inebriatesj which number would have been considerably increased but for the ex tremely unfavourable state of the weather. In the evening the fiev. E. W. Stephens delivered a lecture on " Counterfeits," at the chapel, and had a large audience, by whom the lecture was exceedingly well received. . - The addition of fine buildings to those already erected in the Main-street is a work which is being carried out rapidly, j but unfortunately not without danger to those whose business or domestic avoca tions bring them into the Main-street. One very valuable feature in Kapundean geology is the great prevalence of stone deposits or quarries; and so it follows that in excavating cellars and foundations a large quantify of stone is often raised— Crase's and the Baptist excavations 'to wit, and also the English and Scottish Bank excavation; but it unfortunately happens that stone must be blasted, and whether it is that proper precautions arei not observed, we cannot say; but certain it is that we are often hearing of stones being hurled hither and thither by the blasts. The wall of Mr. J. P. Moyles's House is so cracked by means of the blast ing of Mr. Crase's cellar that he feels fearful of its falling; and on Tuesday afternoon a stone from the new Bank excavations was thrown over as far as Mr. Edgecombe's door, and another fell on and through Mr. Rowett's roof. This is a state of things which must not be allowed to prevail, or we shall be having some serious accident as a result. An inquest was held at the Crown Inn, Truro, on the 20th instant, on the body of a man named David Stirling, aged thirty-two years, Mr. James Sharland being elected foreman. The widow of the deceased was examined, and stated that her husband had been complaining for j some two or three months back j but on j the previous day he had been .complaining more than usual; so she went with him j when he went out to round up the sheep. j After he had done this he came and sat down by witness and her little girl and commenced groaning, which made the child cry. He then tried to get up on his knees, but fell back dead. After re tiring lor a short time, the Jury returned a verdict that " Deceased died from natural causes." A special meeting of the Municipal Council was held on Wednesday morning to consider tenders for cartage of slag and road metal to the Mam-street, when that of Mr. John Pascoe was accepted. An intimation was received from the Govern ment that on formal application being made the charge of the Cemetery would be vested in the Corporation; and during the sitting of the Council a letter was received from the Government stating that £750 had been paid into the National Bank to the credit of the Corporation on account of the £1,009 voted by Parliament. The candidates nominated on Monday to fill the vacancy caused in the represen tation of the Port Adelaide District by the resignation of Capt. Hart, were three in number, namely—Messrs. J. W. Smith, H. K. Hughes, and William Dale. Our late member Mr. J. T. Bagot was re quested to become a. candidate, but de dined to do so, as also did Mr. R. 1. Stow. The election takes place this day. The half-yearly meeting of the mem bers of the Kapunda Institute was held on Friday evening last. Owing to business engagements, the Secretary state! that he should be nnable to continue to hold the joint offices of Secretary and Librarian; and it was ultimately resolved to appoint a Hon. Secretary, to which office Mr. Darwin was unanimously elected. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Anderson for his long services, great regret having been expressed that the change should have to be mad&. A meeting, convened by circular by His Worship the Mayor, was held at the Sir John Franklin Hotel on Wednesday eveniug to consider the propriety of get ting up some testimonial to His Wor ship the Mayor of Adelaide to mark the general appreciation of the liberality of his proceedings in the opening of the Ade laide Town. Hall. The attendance was not very large. His Worship the Mayor opened the proceedings by stating the claims which he thought Mr. Townsend had on their warm appreciation, and was followed by Messrs. Morris and H. Kelly, both of whom supported the views ex pressed by his Worship the Mayor of Kapunda. Councillor Lewis moved that His Worship communicate with other Mayors on the subject, which motion was seconded by Mr. Pearce. To this Mr. Nairne moved an amendment—namely, that the meeting adjourn sine die} urging as his reason for doing so that he con sidered the up-country districts had been ignored, and the tables packed; and even if it were thought desirable to present Mr. Townsend with a testimonial, the move ment should be initiated in Adelaide. Mr. Palmer seconded the amendment in a strong speech. After some farther dis cussion, His Worship put the amend ment, which was lost by the casting vote of the Mayor, the meeting breaking up without the original motion having been put. Ma. Rounsevell asked a number of questions of local interest in the House of Assembly on Wednesday lastj but, as will be seen by our reports no very definite answer was r^eivedto any one, of .these, unless indeed the promise that the needful arrangements - for a general delivery of letters shall be made may be considered an exception, but even tnis boon is contingent on the addition of-a lad to the static the propriety of which addition is as yet only under the consideration of Government. Only fancy, a solemn conclave of Cabinet Ministers to consider the momentous question as to whether so great aa appointment as that of a lad at the Tele graph Office may safely be made ! By an advertisement in another column, it will b» seen that the Presbyterians are about to commence Wednesday evening services in tha Congregational Chapel, Kapunda, kindly placed at, their disposal by Oat body; we underat&nd; that Mr. Claxton on behalf of his church also offered them the use of the Baptist Ch&peL; DuaiNQ the week wehavehad two break downs <m the Railway. -The fiat occored on Tuesday to the first up-train, about two mites the other side of Free ling Station, owing to the spindle of the engine breaking. Fortunately the ballast engine was on the line, and came to the rescue; so there was not much time loBt. The second occurred yesterday, also to the first up train, which caused a delay of about two boon, the axle of one of the tracks having broke somewhere near the Dry Creak, tearing up about 100 transomes before the train could to stopped. Oa account of the latter mishap, ' we had uo midday train yesterday. A facetious correspondent sends the following scrap which he found knocking about the flags and presumes it must have been dropped from Miles's Boy's portfolio:—"The gossip is that if hard words break no bones, hard stones do—and with respect to the stone hurled from the tank of the new Bank a pretty ram-it kicked up as it came down through Rowett's roof, and had it happened to have struck Pollard the wheat market report would have certainly had to chronicle that poUard had been unusually fiat during the week; that a certain •divinity doth hedge a Councillor" and noir that a Councillor's properly has been endangered vre may look for the enforcement of due precautions bycontractors in effecting their blastings." We are happy to inform our readers that the Bev. Morgan Williams, B.A^ has ac ceded to the request of the Congregational Church, and consented to withdraw his resigna tion. This announcement, we are sure, will i gratify Ms numerous friends of other denomina tions, as during nearly six years residence in this town, Mr Williams has worked harmoniously with them, and identified hnuselfwith most of the religious movements in Kapunda. Two Germans were brought up at the Court on Thursday on a charge oi illegally shooting cattle. . ■ On the application of Corporal O'Brien, the tearing of the case was adjourned to Monday, to enable a third. party to be ap prehended. Cattle stealing Iiaa been very p-sr talent of late, and these parlies are supposed'to be the delinquents. - We have seen specimens of the ore from the mine recently opened, iand referred to in our last, which ore is certainly very 'pro mising, in fact very rica bins and green car bonates. The shaft is now sun* about sue fathoms.on ore ail tbeway. A p&rty; of men have been working there th§ la&t; fortnight. , 