\- THE MURDERER'S TRACK. BY niCIIATlD FAULKLAND. A pretty little village, with one long, strag- gling street of houses and shops running through its centre, which might have deformed its beauty, had it not boen for the many green lanes that spread away from it,with their little white cot- tages and trees In the summer of 1830, the cheerful sounds of labour wero rising from a blacksmith's anvil, accompanied with the words of a fine old song from the lips of the smith himself. Ho was a . young man, strong, handsome, and upright, with an arm on which the muscles stood out like a pile of cordage. His hair was black and curling, his cheeks of a clear, healthful red, and his eyes were 'honest, earnest, yet laughing eyes, of a deep brown," largo and lustrous. The Bhop stood a little back, with a great elm shading the roof; and just beside it stood a cot- tage, not white liko the others, but a dark brown one, painted thus that it might not show the grime and smoke of the smithy. The great elm stood between them, dividing its shado, as the sun shone east or west; and looking through its green branches, or across its broad trunk, the young man could glance as often as he pleased at the clear, shining windows, where a« comely little woman was sitting, with her baby in her arms, or sewing busily. Everything about the cottage was in keeping. The floors and doorstep were aa white as mar- ble ; the curtains and the bed-coverings glistened with the polishing of Mattie Henderson's own iron's ; and the baby's dresses and cradle drapery were so pure and snowy, that the father, coming in from the shop with his dirty shirt and trou- sers, hardly dared touch the lily that met him, on her knees, at the door. And Lily they named her, although the child of a blacksmith. On this summer day, Mark Henderson had run in two or three times to see his pet. Never had she seemed bo sweet, and never had the young mother looked more lovely. Mark went back to the shop after breakfast, throwing back a kiss to baby Lily, and resumed his toilsome but healthful labour, singing cheer- ily os the Bparks flow from tho anvil. A olear, hearty voice at the door bade him good morning ; and he turned to welcome the presenco of Allan Mansfield, the Glenwood car- rier, just returned from his journey to the neighbouring town. Allan Mansfield had been for years in the habit of carrying paokages of work of various kinds from Glenwood to the town, and fetching bock articles that could not be prooured in the village. He possessed the confidence of all, and the villagers wero often indebted "to his taste for the seleotion of goods jjuiifljjlis.foi- tlxch "so. Ho was also entrusted ""with the collection of moneys, and frequently had_tolerably largo sums of gold and silver about hie'person. He tiavelled in a light van, with a small but spirited nag, known all over the neighbouring towns as Swiftfoot. He was mostly white, with large liver-coloured spots on his sides and about his ears-a horse easily recognised by those who had once seen him. Swiftlfoot needed a shoe ; and Allan sat down, while Mark performed his work deftly and cheerfully, as he always did, and listened to the various items of news whioh the carrier had brought from the places he had visited since he last saw him. ; " How long has Tom Woodford been out of gaol, Mark ?" said Allan, suddenly, in one of \- -the pausas of Mark's hammering. "About a fortnight-why?" "Because I saw him and that good-for-no- thing Jem Brady talking together down in the hollow, and I thought no good was afoot when I saw two such rogues came together. Is Jem steady now, Mark ?" " I am afraid not. He goes to tho public house; and I have seen him carried by, of moonlight nights, when ho oould not walk a step. He is past praying for, I fear. The temperance folks took him up for awhile; but they could do nothing with him." '/But Tom Woodford keeps sober, they tell me, and Brady docs his evil business for him, when about half druuk, whilo Tom pays the tavern bills." The shoe was placed upon tho horse, and the blacksmith came to tho door to oool his burning face, while Allan barnesBed him to the van. " When do you start again Allan ?" " To-night. I have money that must be de- posited in the Middletown Bank to- morrow at ten"o'clock, according to the agreement I made with the owner, and I never broke my word yet." " Monoy ! I am a contented man as you know Allan; but if I had ten pounds to pay Jem Brady's brother what I owe him I should be perfeotly happy." t ' " And you have none ?" t'" Yes, I have six of it ; but I dislike to meet him until I can raise the whole sum, for he is very aggravating when we speak of it, and is con- tinually sending mo letters. I don't mind tel- ling you about it, Allan-it is my last payment for my little cottage behind the tree there. I bought it of Roger Brady ; and, saving and pru- dent as both Mattie and I have always been, we have not paid for it yet." " No," said a voice close behind him, startling him and Allan both, for they had no footsteps. " No, not paid yet ; but you had bettor pay mo than abuse my family. James Brady would you like to hear you accuse him of drunkenness, as you have this morning !" \- Mark's face flushed to a deeper crimson than . that whioh the heat had given him. '" It is an old proverb, Roger Brady, that listeners hear no good of themselves. I am sorry, however, that you heard it, if it hurts your feelings : yet I spoke but the truth, as you and the whole town know." _ Mark's manner waB firm and manly, yet not disrespectful to tho man, although he felt con ten.pt for him in listening so meanly to what they were saying. Tho carrier looked uneosy, too, for ho re- membered that the listener must have heard his conversation about the money he was to take with him in his night drive through the woods that skirted Glenwood. Ho entertained but a poor opinion of the Bradys, as a family, and was unwilling that any of them should know that he was bound for Middletown Bank. As Boger Brady walked away, Allan said to Mark, " I should hate to bo mixed up with that set at all. I will lend you the money to settle the note. Four pounds, I think you said, would make it all right, and you may pay mo at your convenience. Besides, the old wheels will soon need new tires, and then Swiftfoot will always be wauting new shoes. I have not got so much about me ; but if you will step up to my house this evening, my wife will give it to you. I am going home now, but shall not come round this way again." Thankful for the kindly offer, Mark said he would certainly go for it. ***** Somehow, a shadow had fallen upon Mark's oheerful face that day. Mattie observed it at noon. Ho had no appetite, even for the nice steak and piekles which she had thought would please him so much. It was just so at supper, and she began to think ho was really ill. " Not ill, Mattie," he said, gravely, " but a little dull. I will take a walk, and perhaps I shall come back feeling botter." He went to Allan Mansfield's house, received the money from his wife, and called at Roger Brady's. Brady received him sullenly ; but treated him better when he asked him for a receipt and paid the balance When Mark carno out, it was quite dark, but he was sure that two men were skulking about Roger's houso, who looked like James. Brady and the gaol-bird, Tom Woodford. " Scoundrel !" he heard Brady say : " I'll toaoh him to report that I am carried home drunk every night. He thall pay for his impu- dence, as sure as he lives." Mark would have laughed if any one had told him that these wordB uttered by a contemptible fellow like Jim Brady, could affect his spirits, but they actually did. He returned home feel- ing quite depressed, to the grief and amazement of Mattie, who insisted he was ill, and wanted to send for the doctor. " No, Mattio, ho could do mo no good. I shall feel better when this cloud has passed away." The next morning was ill calculated to drive away clouds. Baforo half-past five, all Glenwood was ringing with the news of a terrible event. Allan Mansfield, the loved and respected-the cheery, honest, and trusted-was found dead in the woods adjoining Glenwood. He was dis- covered by a labourer who usually took the short cut through the woods, to go to his place of daily employment. The horse and van bad been drawn aside trom the main road, and poor Allan was lying near it ; old Swif tfoot was standing close to his dead master, and uttering cries so mournful, that ono could but think he was nearly human in his grief. Alas! this was not the hardest of this sad tale. Mark Henderson's hammer was found near the murdered man, and, without doubt, the instru- ment which brought death to poor Allan Mans- field ! That peaceful cottage, which was so bright with happiness the morning before, was now darkened by a shadow that, to all human probab- ility, oould never be lifted from it. Mark was arrested. Roger Brady came for- ward as a witness to repeat the words he had heard him say to the carrier about money, and to say, also, that Mark had had money enough, late in the evening, to pay the balance he owed. Allan's wife deposed that after her husband had gone away, at night, Mark had come to her for money. Allan must have forgotten to say to her that lie was going to lend it to him. Mattie Henderson was strong in her faith that Mark was no murderer of Allan Mansfield. He loved him Uko a bvotbor, she said. She kneio Mark was iiinocont. He was low-spirited the day before ; but who is not so, at times ? It might be a presentiment of his friend's death. There are/well authenticated instances of such presentiments heralding the death of friends. Of coarse, her convictions did not avail any- thing, /lhe jury brought him ia guilty ! Mattie Henderson-the gentle little wife-seemed to haveiuddenly grown into a strong woman of powerful intellect ; and, on hearing the sentence, she^tood up, facing the judge, and said, firmly, and without a tear : /" You are murdering my husband. Heaven will make his innocence known some day, and it will be known through me. If I walk around /the whole earth, I will track the true murderer, and heaven will help me in my search for him. Already lam on his track !" She was removed by the order of tho judge ; but as she went out, she threw a single glance at the witnesses. One of them fainted, and was carried out. She saw the white face, and knew wJwse it was. There were those in G-lenwood and the neigh- bouring towns who could not believe in Mark Henderson's guilt. AU the evidence against him was purely oircumstantial. Even his ham- mer might have been stolen and used by some person, or Allan himself might have borrowed the instrument, and used it as a defence when he was attacked by the murderer or murderers who finally despatched him. And, in their con- viction of his innocence, they drew up petitions, whioh were strongly enforced by powerful signa- tures, and Mark's sentence was finally commuted to imprisonment for life. Poor Mattie Henderson oould not enduro to stay in tho cottage where she had been po happy. She quitted it almost immediately, and took a single room in a houso upon the extreme out- skirt of Glenwood Here she lived, until all the money she had was exhausted in simply furnish- ing necessaries for herself and her child Once she visited Mark in prison ; but his grief and distress almost made her distiactcd. She had little hope to give him She repeated the words she had used at court ; but thoy had lost their significance, and scorned almost baseless even to herself , Poor and unfriended, Mattie was at last ob- liged to seek support ia going out to service ; and chance led her to accept a place that offered itself through tho newspaper. It was not a desirable situation-an old tavern, on a lonely road, twelve miles from Glenwood ; but it would bring bread to her child-poor little Lily-and sho went to it without a murmur. Not even a mother's eye could have detected any resemblance to sweet Mattie Henderson, in that pale, emaciated woman that occupied a menial station at tbo old tavern. Sho was white as marble, and her beautiful hair was tucked closely beneath a cap suitable for a very aged person ; while her eyes were dim and faded with weeping. Deep lines wero hollowed in her face-the lines whioh grief and misery had furrowed there. Fate was doing its worst for the lonely, dejected woman. * * * * * * * It was a dark, Btormy night, and Mattie Hen- derson bad taken the place of the bar-maid's as- sistant, who was ill. She sat behind the bar, screened from sight, her only duty beiDg to fill tho glasses and pass them to the bar-maid. As the storm increased, the occupants left the house, and the largo, dark, gloomy room was left vacant for some time. The door opened suddenly, and a man wrapped in a cloak that hid his face, came in and called for a glass of brandy-and-water. It was handed him, and he eat down without removing his hat. Mattie quietly dropped into a seat behind the bar-maid, utterly screened from"observation. Again the door opened, admitting another man. Him, too, the bar-maid supplied with drink, and then went to her supper, leaving Mattie in her unseen seat. In a moment she heard these words : " Hang you, Tom Woodford ! do you know I heard you were dead ? Are you ? Because if you arc, my boy, I would like to have you vacate the premises It is unpleosant, very, to have dead people around." A vigorous punch at the man's ribs gave evi- dence that ho was no ghost. The welcome given was more profane than cordial ; but Mattie know nothing of this. She only knew that the first comer was addressed as Jem Brady, and that filled her whole thought. Jem Brady had disappeared almost im- mediately after the trial, and no one knew his whereabouts. But he was here-was talking in a low tone to Woodford-and Mattie bent all har energies to that conversation. " How strange we should meet here !" said Woodford. " Have you been here before ?" "Yes, often." " Then you have probably appropriated what I came after." "Do you mean the box we buried." " Yes ; the carrier's." " It did us no good, that night's work." '. Hush ! the walls have ears." " Pshaw ! there is nobody listening. That woman behind there has gone to sleep ; and, be- sides1? Allan Mansfield's death is an old story, and cannot be revived." "Be silent, I say. Ihavo not done anything about the box, because I could not pluok up the courage. Laugh as you will, I care not. I could not go to that place alone." " Well done ! I am here in season then. We will go together to-morrow j the ground will have thawed sufficiently for us to dig it up, and I shall expect your assistance." Much more was said-enough to convince Mattie that they were the murderers of the poor carrier. She heard them appoint to meet in the morning at the place of the murder-heard them speak of her husband with jeers and laughter, as they became more and more tipsy, and saw them ascend to their chamber under tho gui- dance of the potman. How she passted the night she never knew. Her brain was on fire, yet she arranged her plan well. They went off in the morning, furnished with the landlord's pickaxe and spade, on Bomo preteneo or other ; and she saw them take the road towards Glenwood. The next moment saw her flying over the wet ground to the house of the nearest mogiBtrato, and in half an hour moro they were on the road -magistrate, constables, and Mattie Henderson with them. So sudden was the officers' descent upon the men, who were digging in a deep hole in the v.oods, that escape was impossible, Mattie was surely on the traok ! They were brought to trial in a few days, and the result was the conviction of James Brady. Woodford attempted to turn Queen's evidence, but without avail. He was arrested, and marched off to meet his fate. ****** * To the dismal prison house Mattie Henderson went. As she entered Mark's cell, and saw him lying upon the hard couch, she uttered a ory. He was so palo that she thought him dead. He took her in his arms, and recalled her fleeting senses with his caresses. She opened her eyes with a smile of ineffable satisfaction, as she said, "Love, I come to re- lease you ! Come ! this place stifles me, Lot us go !" In her eostacy she forgot that the prison doora could only fly open at the presence of the law ; not by loving hands like hera. But one soon oame, armed with authority; a^d Mark Hen- derson and his vafe walked out of the dreary cell, to see it no more. Once moro the little cottage gleamed anew in the sunlight. Once more Mattie and Lily sat together daily at the window and lookel past the old elm, to watch the husband and father at work, while a shower of sparks glorified his face, now grown brown and healthy from oontaot with freedom. And Mattie, too, grows young again. The misery she has endured has left an inexpressible dignity and sweetness upon a face once only gentle and tender. A Mosquito Trap.-An English gentleman of my acquaintance-nay, an Irishman-who had resided many years in Panama, and who was very susceptible to tho bite of mosquitoes, adopted an eccentric practice, which he assured me answered admirably, but I confess I was was never tempted to try it. He made one small hole in his sheet-as a rule one is only covered here by a' single sheet at night. He then buried himself in the sheet, and committed himself confidently to the arms of the sleepy god ! for the mosquitoes, after buzzing about for a short time, soon discovered the hole in the sheet, and tho supper set apart for thom. If they become too impetuous and awoke my friend he made a vigorous dash at them with the palm of his hand, and he destroyed, he said, the whole arinya while on the other hand, if they were moderate in their pretensions, they were quietly allowed to feed on. I recommend rather the. removal of the candle to an adjoin- ing room or passage to which there is a door from your bedroom These dear little oreatures always seek the light. I prefer this arrangement even to the musquito net, which makes one's bed hot and stuffy. The bite of the scorpion is not worse than the sting of a waspV A bite, from a snake, too, even in the country, is of rare occurrence. Upon the whole my experience of venomous insects and reptiles here is, that they will get out of one's way at all times, if they can possibly do so, without de- claring war. In my shooting excursions in Pacora I have come upon whole hosts of alli- gators, each boing big enough to take me in at a mouthful, but I never saw one do anything else than make off out of harm's way. Of course, howovor, theso monsters would not be pleasant companions to bathe with.- The Isthmus of Panama. By Charles Toll Bidwell, F.R.G.S., British Vice-Govsvl at Panama. The American botéis show what stupendous establish- ments Brother Jonathan requires-Six to eight hundred bedrooms under ono roof; three hundred servants; a steam lanndrv .that will wash fonr thousand articles in aduj(nsliirt washed, dried, ironed and delivered in fifteen minnies !) ; the'beetofa thousand oxen cooked and served upiinyear; bell-telegraphsloeverj room; five-and-twenty omnibiiBBes, and other carriages, to corney visitor« to and from the hotel ; a mile and a half of verandahs and bal- conies in front of the several ranges of rooms; hot and oold water baths to every bedroom ; a hundred milea of gas and water pipes ; a bridal chamber so gorgeously furnished and served that ten guineas a day íb charged for its use-all these thums the Americans bave long been accustomed to, and we laugh and snub these people ! a people as great as it is good, as gorgeous as it is gen- tlemanly. 