SUNDAY READINGS. ? « ? BENEDICTION OF THE MOST HOLY SACRAMENT. It is evening, and the church is full of people. Vespers are just over, but the congregation do not depart ; on the contrary, they seem com posing themselves more devoutly to prayer. Already many are on their knees, and all eyes are looking one way. Lights are breaking forth on the altar, amidst the flowers, like stars com ing out in the heavens on a clear night. Soon it will be one. blaze of splendour. The priest appears in his vestments with his attendants ; he goes up to the altar ; an increase of awe and happiness is visible on the counten ances of the people ; he opens the door of the tabernacle, and instantly sinks upon his knees ; and see, upon the altar something bright is standing, shining in gold and precious stones. Meanwhile the organ is playing, and the people, as with one accord, are singing, and as they sing they keep their eyes intently fixed on the bright object before them. It would seem as if they could not pay it honour enough ; for now the priest has taken it reverently in his hands, and solemnly placed it on high above the altar ; and there it stands, like a king enthroned to receive the homage of his people. The priest descends the altar-steps, and again kneels, and bows himself almost to the ground. Then, on his knees, three times he incenses the holy thing, ' and clouds of sweet perfume rise, and envelope every thing around, and float into the body of the church. But the music changes, and the notes become sweeter and more joyous ; the people continue singing and praying, and seem to be addressing some one whom they love very much, and who they are sure is listening to them. And again the music changes, and then follows a more sub dued and solemn song. When this is finished, the priest stands up, sings a prayer, and then a veil -is put over his shoulders, and he ascends the altar-steps, and reaches up and takes the glitter ing object in his hands from amidst the candle sticks ; and as all is hushed, save the silvcr-37 sound of a little bell, and the people bow their heads, he holds Up the holy thing, and makes with it the sign of the cross over their kneeling multitudes. Then there bursts forth a hymn of thanks and praise, and all is over. Now what — who is this that has been the ob ject of such fervent adoration ? Why were the people so still and why did they bow their heads, and what took place during that solemn silence ? My friend, you have been present at the Bene eliction of the Most Holy Sacrament. Jesus Christ Himself has teen lifted up and set on high, to be worshipped and adored ; and during ;hat solemn silence, when the sign of the cross j was made over us, it was He that blessed us : We prayed that He wculd bless us, and He did Benediction is but another name for blessing ; and the Object on which every eye, and (we wilj hope) every heart was fixed, was the Most Holy Sacrament — Jesus Himself present in His Most Holy Sacrament ; Jesus under the form of bread. He was in the centre of that golden vessel, and to Him, not to it, our prayers and homage were directed. The lights, and the flowers and the incense, and the vestments, and the music, and the singing, were all in his honour. It is true that we called upon the Blessed Virgin* to pray and intercede with her Divine Son, whom she be holds in His glory, while we see nothing but the ? sacramental signs ; but He was the one object of our worship ; we looked at Him ; we never took over eyes off Him ; while we begged Him, by the love He bears His holy Mother, to cast a gracious eye upon us. You will not say that what you saw was mere I form and empty ceremony ; there was something j in it too much like reality for that. You will not say it was idolatry; you saw enough to ' feel that they who worshipped were worshippers in spirit and in truth. Their very looks and postures, their very voices, shewed that God was in their hearts, and almost, as it were, before their eyes. And indeed how can they be idolaters who believe that Christ is present, and therefore worship Him ? But will you say, It is so hard to believe that Jesus - Christ is really present ? Surely not, if you believe that Jesus Christ is really God incarnate— 'God mado roan. If you believe that Jesus Christ is really God ; that He was really God when He lay for nine months in Mary's womb, hielden from tlic world ; or when He lay a helpless infant in Mary's lap; or when He was seized by tin soldiers, and scourged, and crowned with 'thornfe ind nailed to a cross, and was left to hangntii to die thereon in agony ; surely, I say, if- y,» Relieve all this; if you believe that God si liuinbleth Himself as to become a little cliil;, ?iiid be crucified as a malefactor, — it cannot Ij lifficult to believe that He should so huinhl * The Litany of the Blessed Virgin is com '..aonly, though not always, sung at .Benediction-.. ^imself as to take upon Himself the appearance of bread in the Most Holy Sacrament. Yes, take this fact of Christ's humiliation and dwell upon it:— God becoming man; God a little child; God a boy of twelve years old, asking questions of the doctors in the Temple ; God walking among men unknown ; looking like other men, treated like other men ; crucified, raised aloft upon a cross at the top' of a hill, in the face of all the world ; denied, despised, and laughed to scorn; surely after this there is nothing strange in His humbling Himself, and hiding Himself, and remaining hidden from the world's eyes in the Blessed Sacrament ; nothing strange in His being still denied, despised, and laughed to scorn of men.' ' ' ? ?; Or take the simple fact of the Incarnation, and see whether it does not imply a further mystery. That the great God of heaven and earth should become man, and live three-and-thirty years on earth, and then go away into heaven, and never visit us again for hundreds and thousands of : years, and remain at as remote a distance from . us as if He had never taken our nature upon ' Him — this, indeed it would be difficult to be- j lieve, unless He told us so. But so far from being difficult to believe, it seems to follow as a | necessary consequence, that having once become man, having once dwelt among men, and hav ing so loved us as to die for us, He should never cease to be present with us in some real way, though still, as before, a hidden way. We should in a manner expect that, as He is still clothed Avith our nature, as He is still man, and will never cease to be man through all eternity, so in His almighty power He would contrive some way by which, while remaining in heaven, adored by all His Saints, He might continue neverthe less to dwell with us, and be adored by us, His brethren, still living on earth. Or again ; can you suppose that God would be less present to us Christians than to the Jews under the old law ? And yet in some mysterious way, He elwelt with them. We read of His going before the Israelites m their departure from Egypt (Evodus xiiL 21) ; of His coming down on Mount Sittai and talking with Moses, and of His glory dwelling upon the mountain (xxiv. 16) ; and again, repeatedly, of His glory filling the tabernacle, and of all the people falling down and worshipping (Levit. ix. 24 ; Num. xvi 19). And afterwards, on occasion of .the dedica tion of the Temple of King Solomon, we read of the Lore! coming to take possession of His dwell ing ; and of a cloud of glory appearing and filling the house cf the Lord, so that the priests could not stand to. minister (1 Kings viii. 10. 11). Can you suppose that we Christians are less'favoured than were the Jews ?— we to whom heaven has been opened by the resurrection and ascension of our incarnate Lord ;'for whom he sent clown the Holy Ghost, the third Person of the eternal Trinity, on the day of Pentecost (Actsii.), that He might abide with us for ever in His church ! (John xiv. 16, 17. ) No ; bur blessed Lord pro mised never to leave W; He said He would come again and dwell with, us (John xiv. 18, xvi. 22) ? and St. Paul assures us (Heb. xii. 22:4) that all that the Jews had in figure we enjoy in reality. But if you still doubt, and find it hard tobe lievo so blessed a truth, let us go together to the stable at Bethlehem, and. behold the -wonder that has come to pass ;, and then sse whether you will not find it. easier to belie ve in this other great mystery of love;, .Yon sleeping infant, lying so still, and seemingly so. careless of us, is the eternal Son of God, by whom the '' worlds were made ; He is the very wisdom and power of God ; He knows all things, and can do all things. Around Him, kneeling and absorbed in prayer and adoration to Him, are Mary His mother, Joseph His. foster-father, and the shepT herds. And now, if your faith in Him is a true faith, if you really believe. not only that He is . the infant you see He is, but also that He is the . God. you cannot see He is but know He is, ycu will also sink on your knees, and humbly adore Him, and pray to Him. And should He wake and smile upon you, or stretch out His little, hand as if to welcome you, with what delight would you regard Him, and how blessed you would feel it to be noticed by Him ! But sup pose, while your heart was thus full of love and, joy, aa unbelieving Jew were to come into the, stable, and instead of kneeling down, or lnakipg any sign of reverence, were rather. to take pains to shew that he looked upon you as. a foolish idolater for worshipping a child, and one too so. meanly housed and so poorly, .attended, how should you feel towards him, and what wou . you do? Would you not deeply pity the -nn,i . who had not the consolations of your faith, ai r whose reason was so proud that he would 11 ... humble it to acknowledge as his God ;one w1] , so far as he could sec, was only a little chil.| Would you not take him aside, and in the 1 -| :iess of your heart tell him of the love of God |i ?aking our nature upon Him ; ?that* the ?I.tifaijJ lie beheld was really God made manifest tin-il e ? ,-.. „?„ j flesh ; that ? although hecould not see His;gpd» head, ^-although His godhead was disguised,, hidden under, His human nature, yet there' It. really was ; and so would try to teach him that, the very humiliation which had ' excited; his . scorn deserved his deepest love and gratitude ? And now, my friend, whatever you would have said to the Jew who would not worship ouriin fant Saviour, I say in all earnest affection to you. You have been told what Benediction is ; you', have seen how Catholics worship Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament ; how fervently they pray to Himj how humbly they bow down before Him,' and adore Him, and pay Him all the honour that . they can. You have been told, as Mary and Joseph and the shepherds might have told you,' that, though you knew it not at the time, Jesus Christ, the eternal Son of God, was as truly present on the altar in the church as He was in the manger of the stable of Bethleham. He that lay in the stable, He that huiig upon the cross,, : was our Saviour and our God, although the Jew ; would not believe it ; and so now He is truly ' in the Sacrament of the Altar, although youmpy j not believe it. It required faith to know that Jesus the little child was God, and Jesus hang* ! ing on the cross was God ; and so noAv it requires faith to know that the Blessed Sacrament is not what it appears, but is Jesus Christ our Saviour and our God. This no less true because you do not believe it ; but great indeed will be your loss if, now that you have the means of learning ther truth, you still continue in your unbelief. Come, dear reader, if you have listened to me . thus far, you must let me tell you that you are responsible to Almighty. God for what I have ^ said to you ; for one of the questions you will; be asked at the judgment-day will be why you did not believe in the real presence of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament. If you say, that you do not understand how it c*an be ; I reply, that, you are not required to understand it ; .but neither do you understand limv Jesus could be at. once both God and man, and yet you believe that so it is. I you say, that you cannot set Jesus present under the form, of bread, and therefore cannot believe that He is present, I ask you .whether you do not believe that He is in heaven, because you cannot lift up your eyes, and, like St. Stephen, behold Him there ; and whether you have forgotten that Jesus Himself said, ' ' Blessed are they who have not seen and have believed?' (John xx. 29.) We cannot tell hoio JestiS, whole and entire, could pass through His rocky sepulchre at His resurrection, or could enter the room where His disciples were assembled when the doors were shut j. neither can we tell how He is present, whole and. entire, in each particle of the Blessed Sacrament. But as surely as God cannot lie, so surely shaj! we not be deceived in believing both these mysteries. Could Jesus have spoken more plainly than he. has spoken? 'This is My Body.' 'This is My Blood' (Matt. xxvi. '26, &. ). 'lam the Living Bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this Bread,' he shall live for ever : and the Bread that I will give,, is My Flesh for the Lie of the world'' (John yi. 51.) And when the Jews, like Pro testants now-a-days, ' ' strove among themselves,, saying, How can this man give ns His Flesh to. eat ?' He did but repeat what He said in plainer words ; ' Amen, amen, I say unto you,. Except you eat the Flesh of the Son of Man and drink His Blood, you shall not have life in you' (yer. 54.) He did not answer the question of the.Je\ys, How. is it so ? but repeated once more His divine doctrine, that it is so. Oh, be not you. of the number of those who- cry, 'This saying is hard, and who can hear it?' (ver, 61), lest Jesus include you also, among; .the. unbelievers.' 'There are some of you,', He said, ' that believe not' (ver. 65). Go not back,. as did many of these who heard His words (ver. 67).; but hasten on to know the truth more, and . more, now that you have learnt this little about it. Why will you not believe ? Why will you not join these happy worshippers whom you have seen to-night ? Many of them, perhaps, were once once as ignorant as you, but God;has enlightened them. Now they knoiv that wliichr. they adore (John iv. 22). They have the infalli ble testimony of the Church of Christ to the. truth of their belief. The Chur.ch of Christ, from the very first, believe this blessed doctrine... f All England believed it ever since it became a Chris tain nation. The Catholic Church all over, the: world believes it to this day. Jesus will, also teach you the true faith, if you will ask Him. Oh, then, before you leave this holy placej -beg Kim to give you grace to know His will and to lo it. 4- Clifton Tracts. ? God carrfes his people only when they, cannot .Valk. He pities our weakness, but not ;our ;loth., '???' ? , The more ladies practise walking the more graceful they become in their .movements, r Thosfr adies acquire the best carriage who don't ride in. one. . , '. '?..,, .. .'. t , ...._ :,j ? 