THE NEWS OF THE DA Y. Parliament has been farther prorogued until tho 2nd of October nest. Additional money order offices have been opened at Carlton, Lancefield, and Moyston, Campbell's Reef. We are in a position to state there ia no trath in the report that Mr Urqahart intends coming forward as a candidate for tho representation of the North western province. The Ballaarat Star states that *' Mr Henry Cutli bert, solicitor, of Ballaarat, has consented to be come a candidate for the representation of the Soulh-Western Province.' Speaking of the late failures in England, Messrs Littlcdale and Co.'s Circular, of tho 9th June, says : — ' The most cruel effect of the present panic will fall upon tha unfortunate dupes of tho limited liability mania; and the most painful reflection is that a principle so thoroughly deceptive, as put De fore the public, should have had the countenanoe of ao many leading men, who, for the sake of the daily guinea, should prostitute their names as directors in a dozen schemes as diverse as tho poles, and broadly assert that every business, from a barber to a banker, could be more successfully conducted by a committee so constituted, than by the watchful individual care of private enterprise.' Mr M. M. Pope, whom a dangerous accident nearly deprived of life, is now so far recovered as to be able to walk about with the aid of staves and frequent rests. The steamship Murray, which has been bought by the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company, to re place the Ant, is now lying opposite Sinclair's wharf, in the Yarra, where Bhe is setting her decks calked, and her masts ready for stepping. Her machinery aud boilers are also being overhauled, and there is no doubt that in a few days she will be able to commence plying between hero and the north-west coast of Tasmania. Mr W. Mitchell was the only candidate nominated on Thursday last, at Footscray, to fill the extra ordinary vacancy oauaed by the non-attendance ol Cr. Si»elair. He will, therefore, be declared duly elected. Lsst night's Ballaarat Post says : — ' His Ex Ballaarat District Exhibition with his presence on the opening day, the 27th inst. A letter has been received by Mr P. M. Hughan, secretary to the dis trict committee, from his Excellency'^ private secretary, acknowledging the congratulations ten dered on his safe arrival, and accepting the invita tion to attend and formally open tho exhibition. It is intended at once to make full preparations for the proper reception of his Excellency. We are informed that applications for space at the exhibi tion are coming in very freely, some haviug come to hand from Melbourne to-day,' A meeting of the Freemasons' Building and In vestment Society was held last night, at Sandridge, in the Bethel. The chair was taken by the mayor of the municipality, who, after a few preliminary remarks, introduced the managing director of the society to the meeting. That gentleman then ex plained to those present the rules, benefits, and working of the society, which seemed to give satis faction, acd a large number of shares wero taken up. After some farther business had been transacted, the meeting dispersed. It was previously announced that a general meeting of the shareholders, for the election of tho solicitor and surveyor to the society, would be held on the 2Sth inst. The head-quarters band will play, this afternoon, from three to live o'clock, at tha Botanical Gardens. The following is the programme : — March, Kuhuer ; Selection, ' Mirella,' Gounod ; Qaadrille, 'Linda,' D' Albert; Fantasia, Siede ; Waltz, 'First Love,' Farmer; Overtare, ' Merry Wives,' Nicolai; Galop, De Gran. The anniversary sermons, in connection with St. Andrew's Church, Carlton, will be preached to morrow by the Rev. Messrs Macgregor, Scrimgeour and Clark. As showing the fluctuations which take place in the assumed value of mining property, we extract the following from yesterday's Ballaarat Star; — ' The main feature in Thursday's share market was the rapid increase of the Newington fever and its sadden collapse. It is a pity the public have not yet learned tue meaning of these senseless ad vances, and set themselves most distinctly against such. They have, and always will pay dearly in the end. On Wednesday morning the aggregate I value of the Newington Company, estimated by the ! market value of shares, was £34,000, and increased daring the day steadily to £42 ,000. Yesterday, iu one hour, this value expanded to £00,000, and at the close had collapsed agiin to £-14,000, and no one disposed to have anything to do with it in itB smaller dimensions.' Attention has been drawn to what appears to be a case o! great hardship to unsuccessful applicants «wi. icaoco. jl lid .uttuaurak oiur 'a ! correspondent informs as that he and others have ! applied until they ara weary for the return of their deposits, they being unsuccessful applicants for mining leases, and they can get no satisfaction what ever. The complaints ara made chiefly by persons who were applicants for leases in the Smytbe's dis trict, and the difficulty is supposed to have arisen through the defalcations of a warden's clerk there ; but this will certainly not excuse the Mining de partment ia thos retaining money deposited with 1 one of its officers. Perhaps the- new head of the Mining department will do an act of justice ? by taking steps' at once to arrange this, matter.' The foil owing sequel to the absurd ghost story, which appeared in yesterday's issue, is given by Friday's Ballaarat Star : — ' Tha crazy candle story whioh bas arisen ia Warrenheip, and been spiced | with a considerable:, amount ol the supernatural ny the ghost believing propensities of one or two resi | dents in that well-known quarter, bas caused somo j little amusement in the distriot, and a number of persons have visited the house of the Faheys, situ ated near M'Gill and Goghlan's brewery, at which the peculiar phenomena are said to have been wit nessed. On Thursday, the house was inspectod by a number of persons from various parts of the district, curious to unravel the ridiculous tale ; and although the Fahey family appeared strong in their belief that candles had been lighted and displaced in the bouse by some mysterious agency, they seemed singularly alone in such an outragous opinion. One point in this most ridiculous of ghost stories is that the candles were only said to be lighted after the persons had left the room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when any one was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday, with caudles strewed about in the house in extravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in the most approved fashion, as if a wake had just been ce lebrated ; and perhapB the proximity of tho haunted dwelling to tho brewery, and the well-known quality of tho beer, may be reasonably taken in support of that view of the case.' A meeting of the Fitzroy Bowling Club wob held last evening, at Scott's Leviathan Hotel, Ger trude-street, tho .lion. George Harker iu tho chair, j The attendance was limited, aud tho discussion j upon the committee's report, which should have been brought before tho meeting, was consequently postponed. Since the formation of tho club, three greens have been laid out, and a fourth is now nearly ready. Thore aro eighty-four paying mem bers, and the amount received since the club started has been £452 in donations and subscriptions. Tho expenditure has been £456, laid out in forming, draining nnd planting tho ground. In six weeks there will bo accomodation for sixty players to en gage in the game at once, A prize cf five guineas in value has been offered by the vice-prosident, Dr. Hidden, and entries for the Bame will bs received at the next meeting. A concert and ball were given, last night, at the Emerald-hill mechanics' institute, in lwhalf of the funds of that institution. Tho hall has recently undergone several improvements, and bean entirely renovated and cleaned. The Misses M. A. Liddle and Riinsford, assisted by Mr John Whitoman, M.L.A., and others, gave their services at the con cert, which included a number of popular songs that wero received by the audionce with every mark of satisfaction. The attendance was good. A woman, named Catherine Darcy, aged twenty nine years, the wife of a laborer living at Balleen, aiea very suaacmy on tveanesaay morning. one had been spooking with a neighbor in her own house, and about ten minutes afterwards, her daughter ran from the house scrcaming, and said her mother had fallen in the fire. Several per sons went to her assistance, when they found tho deceased lying with her head on the fico, and part of her clothes in flames. The fire was ex tinguished, but life was found to be extinct. An inquest was held upon the body, yesterday, when Mr T. S. Ralph, surgeon, who had made a post mortem examination of the body, stated death to have resulted from mature of the heart, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. The football match which was to have taken place to-day, between the Melbourne and South Yarra Clubs, for the Challenge Cup, has been postponed, at the request of the latter, until next Saturday. The Melbourne and Carlton Clubs will play against each other, this afternoon, for the last time this BeaBon, on the ground, in the Richmond 'reserve. The following are the Melbourne players : — Messrs Neal, Burford, Bennie, R. Ireland, T. Ireland, Lock, J. Ogilvy, D. Ogilvy, Freeman, Hewitt, Finlay, Fleming, Snodgrass, J. Conway, H. Con way, Hurst, Stodart, Kennedy, Horan, Hepburn, Barker, Stephen, Dinwoodie, Dana, Tait, Colville, Waugh and Harrison. Carlton will be represented by Messrs Marshall, Chadwick, Hillsden, J. Gor man, W. Gorman, Gay, O'Brien, Byrne, M'Far laud, D. Adamson, Armytage, Barfoot, Richardson, Duncan, Williams, M'Carthy, Forrester, J. Clark, Horan, H. Phillips, Power, H. Adamsou and Fitz gerald. The second of a series of readings for working men was given at the court house, Hotham, last evening ; Mr M'Lean occupied the chair. The subject submitted for discussion was ' Fuwcett on Co-operation,' which was entered into with great zest by those prosent. Mr Candler held an inquest, ou Thursday, at the Pentridge stockade, upon the body of John Hick son, aged thirty-four years. The deceased was re ceived into the prison on the 22nd of May last, and died on the loth inst. The jury returned a verdict of death from inflammation of the lunge and disease of the heart. We have our files from South Australia to the 15th inst. Very disgraceful scenes were of constant oc currence in tho city council, resulting in an appeal to tho police conrt by Cr. Raphael for an alleged assault committed upon him by Crs. Pulsford and Rankine, which, however, was dismissed. With respect to the ship Baden, the Advertiser sayo:— ' This unfortunate ship, about whioh so many vagus and incorroct surmises have been published ia tho Melbourne papers, still remains at anchor in King George's Sound. Several Burveys havo been held on hor, showing that tho ship makes no water; but hor topsides aro strained, and are now being calked, and other needfnl repairs are going on. It is difficult to arrive at any just esti mate of tho causes which drove the Baden into tbis port, owing to the very conflicting statements made. It is asserted that the ship, with a valuable cargo on board for Melbourne, was at one time within 200 miles of Kangaroo Island, when the crew in a body came aft and threatened the captain's life if he did not put back to King George's Sound. If this is correct, why did not the captain proceed on to Adelaide instead of beating back 800 miles to King George's Souud ? Again, it is asserted that tho vessel possesses no register, but simply a sailing license from the President of tho United States. The chief officer is described as a nonentity, the captain something worse, and the secoud mate is discharged, besides most of the crew. A Mr Smyth, from Melbourne (appointed by the underwriters there) arrived by the Madras, to protect or watch over the interests of the assurers. But it is not to be dsnbted that public opinion, condemns the con duct of the captain. Much praise is due to Cantain Sweitser, of the American ship Eldorado, for his courage and humanity in going out to sea some twenty miles in a boat to render assistance in pilot ing the Baden into harbor. Lastly, it is reported that, after the ship had been brought into the Sound, the men refused to put her about, and the second mate, to prevent the vessel going on shore, let go the anchor. No doubt this serious matter, affeoting both lives and property, and the welfare of the mercantile community in general, will be thoroughly investigated. The Baden is expected to leave for Melbonrne about the 17th inst.' Ah inquiry of a very peculiar natnre was to be commenced, yesterday, before Mr Superintendent Chomley, the subject being a complaint made by Mr E. O'Keefe, of the Commercial Hotel, Sandhurst, against detective O'Neil. ' The complaint,' says the Advertiser, ' made by Mr O'Keefe to the Chief Commissioner of Police is, we learn, to the following effect: — Mr O'Keefe states that some few days be fore Mr J. H. Wall, the late secretary of the Cam paspe road board, waa arrested on the charge ol I embezzlement,- he (Mr O'Keefe), having previously ! arranged the matter with the friends of Mr Wall, saw detective O'Neil, and stipnlated with the latter that, if information were given of the whereabouts of Mr Wall, and his arrest effected, a portion of the raward of £20 was to be handed over to him (O'Keefe) for the purpose of his defence. Mr O'Keefe asserts that this bargain was made by detective O'Neil ; that the information was given to him ; that Wall was instructed to be at a certain place, where the detective was to attend ; that all this was done, and that Wall was, accordingly, taken at the place and hour appointed ; bat that when reward was received by detective O'Neil, he repudiated tho agreement, and refused to hand over any of it to Mr O'Keefe, who in the mean time bad, on the strength of O 'Neil's promise, i retained couusel for his defence, and had become personally responsible for the expenses. Snch are the main features of tho case roferred by Mr Staudish to. Mr Chomley for investigation and The following sums have been awarded to the nndermeatioued police constables for meritorious services: — To constable James Nolan, at Robinson Crusoe, £2 in acknowledgment of his servioes in tho arrest and prosecution of John Goldsmith, sen tenced to three months for stealing sheepskins ; to sergeant first class Patrick M'Sweeney, at Kildare, £5, in acknowledgment of his services in the arrest of Thomas Creely, and his accomplice Decis J. Wood, on several charges of forgery aud uttering, sentenced respectively to two and a half years and J eighteen months; to sergeant second class Jeremiah Toohey, at Geelong, £3, in acknowledgment of his services in the following cases: — William Henry Bond, alias Dabbo (identical with James Thomas, prisoner discharged 25th July, 1S65), sentenced to one month for stealiog a pair of boots from a shop ; Donald Stuirt, alias Cameron, alias George Smitb, sentenced to twelve months, for uttering to Charles Brazier a forged chejoe, purporting to be signed by J. Edols ; William Henry Skene, sentenced to two years for obtaiuiug good* by false pretences, from William Archer, and to eighteen months for obtaining goods by false pretences, from John M'Gonigal, under the name of William Thomp son; Anne uavenega, sentenced to one month for obtaining a pair o( boots by false pretences, from — Witchell ; Elizibeth Winfield, sentenced to three months for stealing wearing apparel from tho dwelling of Heary Wil son ; William Page, sentenced to twelvo months for stealing from the dwelling of the Rev. James W. Crisp ; George Callaghan, to whose possession the saddle stolen from R. J. Campbell was traced, sen tenced to six months for stealing it; Elizabeth O'Connor, sentenced to three months f«r stealing from the dwelling of Mrs Ogdel ; and Catherine Dunlop, sentenced to three months for stealing fowls irom uiarnn jsrogan. j.o senior constaoio dames Mansfield, constablo Goan and constable M'Nullv, at Mansfield, £3, £1 and £1 have been severally awarded in acknowledgment of their services in the arreBt and prosecution of nine Chinamen ou several charges of larceny. To senior constable Richard Swale, at Camperdown, £1, in acknowledgment of his Bervices in the arrest and prosecution of Samuel George Birch, alias Little Sam, for uttering. To constables Edward Darling and Robert Carson, at Sebastopol, £2 each, in acknowledgment of their services in the prosecution of Joseph Halls, for several cases of larceny. To constables Terence Dunne, Thomas Kidney and Charles Johnston, Richmond Depot, £5, £2 and £2 respectively, in acknowledgment of their services in the discovery of an illicit still.' Mr Hassell, of the Central Board of Health, viBited Footscray, yesterday, officially, and was highly pleased with the sanitary condition of the district ; taken altogether, it was considered in a remarkably healthy state. An old and esteemed member of the Engineer Corps, named George Coulthard, was buried, yes terday, at tho Melbourne General Cemetery, with militory honors. There was no business of public interest, trans nnteA of the. TTiMo n™r( A meeting of gentlemen resident within the borough of St. Kilda has been convened by the mayor, to be held at the town hall, next Wednes day, for the purpose of taking Bteps to present ex Cr. Cowderoy with a testimonial in recognition of his services to the borough daring the time of his residence within it. A meeting of the members of the West Melbourne Literary Institute was held, at the Metropolitan Hotel, William-street, last evening ; Mr J. Stewart accunied the chair. The business trnnsnntpd moo confined to the passing of accounts. It is under stood that the first of a series of addresses on popu lar subjects will be delivered at the next meeting of the association by the hon. secretary, Mr C. J. HugheB. It was also stated that it is intended to hold a tea meeting in the Exhibition Building, or somo other commodious place, with a view of raising funds to supplement the handsome sum already sub scribed towards erecting the society's hall. A tea will be provided at Hockin's Assembly Room, on Friday evening next, at which the Dean of Melbourne will hn -nroooTit TIia will.be given in honor of his return io the colony. It ia wet weather at Wood's Point. The Times says : — ' The rain continues to pour down inces santly. There is sufficient water running down oar streets to keep twenty head of stampers going. Tho waters of the right and lefi hand branches of the Goulburn flow along, splashing and dashing, carrying before them all the debris from machines and alluvial claimB, making a clean sweep from bank to bank. The oldest residents do not remember see ing the river so high.' The Rev. J. Oswald Dvlcea mill nroooK i». Chalmers Church, to-morrow evening. His sermon will be especially addressed to young men. The nhiprius court (juries of twelve) was occu pied all day yesterday in taking evidence in the case of Crooks v. Ormerod, a cross action by the owners of the City of Launcestou steamer, against tho owner of the Penola steamer, for the loss of the former by a collision with the latter, which took place a little on the Melbourne sido of the lightship marking the seaward entrance to the west channel in Port Phillip Bay, in November last. The plain tiff's caso had not closed when the court adjourned to ten a.m. next day. A fatal accident occurred on Thursday night on the White Horse-road, near Nanawuding, to a man namod John Pankhurt, aged twenty-eight years. The deceased was proceeding along the road, which is in a very dangerous state from the number of tree stump3 upon it, when his cart upset in a sidling, and he was thrown out with great violence. A farmer, named Qainlan, who had passed him a few minutes previously, went to his assistance and removed the dray from off his back, but life was extinct. An inquest was held ? yesterday, by Mr Candler, when the jury returned a verdict of acci dental death, and expressed an opinion that the authorities should have the present dangerous state of the road brought under their notice. Amongst the most promising young artists of Europe, we observe the nama of Mr M. G. Brennan, son of Mr T. Brennan, photograper, 48 Brunswick- street, Fitzroy. The yonng painter is now on a tour in Italy ; and the Times correspondent from Rome says : — ' Mr Brennan, a very clever young Irish artist, was abont sending several works to the Royal Academy Exhibition, London.' One of those works, called ' The Young Priest, a Capri interior,' about twelve inches square, was sold on the day of the private view, for forty guineas, to Lord Houghton, one of the most distinguished art patrons in England, who states, in a letter to the painter,: — ' There is a delightful clearness, without karahness, in your painting, and a ' simplicity ot treatBSBt which, suits admirably with the daily life of the Italians.' This, pic ture has been most favorably citinsed in most of tho- leading London journals. The Times, of 5th- May,, says: — ' Mr M. G. Bren nan's ' Yonng driest r an interior of Capri,' is exquisite for quiet truth, its sentiment of repose, and its serene, diffused light.' The Sunday Gazette, [ of 13th May, says s— '? A little picture, by Mr Brennan, of ' An- interior of Capri ' (313), is, we believe, not equalled in the exhibition for truth of cool indoor effect, and almost illusive chiaroscuro,' Tha Illustrated London News, of the 19th May, thus notices tho picture a — ' ' Au interior in Capri,' n. DM. ? rr ? ? ? J Km''''!'' UClH.OKJ.jr trnthful effect of diffused Sight, and the impression it conveys of calm seclusion.' It is very probable that this clever artist will shortly take a trip to visit his parents in Melbonrne ; and, during his stay, ho might be induced to leave ns some lasting example of his talents. Mr Love has definitely declined to stand for the Sontb-Western Province. He explains his reasons as follows, in a letter addressed to the Geelong Advertiser : — ' In compliance with many urgent requests on the part of friends and electors I had maae up my mina to oner myseii as a candidate at the approaching election of a member for the South Western Province in the Legislative Council. In resolving to take this step I was nnder the impres sion that I had only to resign the pastoral charge of my congregation, but, from legal and clerical advice obtained in Molbourne yesterday, I now find that I can bo eligible only as a layman, which, of course, implies that, with the pastorate, I must resign also my status as a minister. Bat to give up the com mission which I received at my ordinotion is what no earthly consideration would ever induoe me to do.' Mr Start, P.M., desires to acknowledge the re ceipt of £1 10s from an anonymous oontribntor, towards the relief of the poor. It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that the contributors and friends of the proposed asylum and school ' for the blind are summoned to meet for business next Tuesday. Mr Hailes and Dr. Hadden were the magistrates who presided at the East Collingwood police court, j emeruay. .uavia Anaerson waB nnea J.U3, Wltn tne alternative of three days' imprisonment, for Jbeing drank and disorderly. Thomas Larkins and Mar garet Scott were accused of stealing several articles of clothing from the yard of Mr G. Wilson, Argyle street, Fitzroy. The former prisoner was. sent to gaol for three months, and the latter for one month. | John Beatie was ordered to be incarcerated for two ; months, on the charge of stealing flour sacks and other articles of property, from r baker's shep in Hoddle-Btreet, East Collingwood. Joseph Tythe was mulcted in the snm of 2s 6d, with 2s 6d costs, for leaving hiB horse aud cart unprotected in the public street. A disease in pigs has become very rife at Port iuuu. au Huuumy io mo buujeci, me western Times states: — ' We are sorry to learn that some complaint is very rife amongst the pigs in this locality, and an idea is entertained that they are suffering, as cattle and horses have done, from pleuro-pneumonia. Se.veral cases have been reported to ns during the past week of pigs dying with all the symptoms attending this scourge.' George Sampson, a resident of Little Bourke street west, and Thomas Robert Evans, were brought up, on remand, at the city police court, yesterday, charged with having in their possession an mien ami. xi win De rememDerea tnat, a lew days ago, Detectives Hudson, Williams and Powell went to Sampson's house, in quest of the men who had iforcibly entered the premises of Messrs Brush and M'Donnell, jewellers, Collins-street, and there discovered the still in ~ the possesion of Evans. TbiE man was liberated, as the charge against him was not sustained. Sampson, in defence, .nrged that ho had nsed the still merely for purifying kerosene and naphtha ; and called witnesses, who Btated that although it had been in Sampson's house for some years, they never knew him use it for other purposes than those mentioned. The magistrates ordered him to pay a fine of £50, or in default, to go to gaol for six months. Sampson intimated that he coald not pay the penalty in flicted. An individual named Thomas Lepp, who has, for some time past, been amusing himself by ridine about the country on horses which he either pur chased with valueless cheques, or obtained the use of by making false representations, was brought up at the city police court, yesterday, on two separate charges. He was first accused of having fraudu lently obtained a horse for a day from Mr James Thompson, a livery-stable keeper, residing in Lons dale-street. On this ocoasion, Lepp stated that he was an officer in tho Public Works department, and wnntsd tn nrnnperl tn fcrt mentmrA snmA land. On the faith of this statement, Mr Thomp son let him have a horse, saddle and bridle ; bnt, as be failed to return them, a warrant waB issued for his apprehension. Evidence was adduced which showed that everything he had stated was false. Lepp was also accused by Mr William Potter, batcher, St. Kilda, of having presented him with a valueless cheque for £9, in payment for a horse which he had purchased from him for that amount, i The prisoner was remanded till Tuesday on both charges. At the criminal sessions, yesterday, before his honor Judge Barry, a colored man, named George Green, was charged with having taken a girl, named Margaret Cronan, aged twelve years, from her home, without the consent of her parents, and being found guilty, was remanded for sentence. John Edwards was convicted of stealing a hose from the Botanical Gardens, anu m mis case aiso seutence waa de ferred. Richard Clarke and William Levy wore charged with conspiring to defraud William Murdoch, a gardener, of Boroondara, of a sum amounting to £320, by means of tho ' lock swindle.' The case will be fresh in the memory of our readers from tha raceut police reports. The prisoners were both found gnilty, and were sen tenced each to twenty months' imprisonment with hard labor. The court then adjourned until ten o'clock the following morning. In the insolvent court, yesterday, certificates of insolvency were granted to the following in solvents : ? .T. f!_ 'Ellis nf ATolhnnl-no *nol me-* chant; John G. Wise, of St. Kilda, bootmakez ;; George T. Spoocer, of St. Kilda, clerk ; An thony Grogan, of Jericho, miner ; John Roed,. of Beechworth, gingerbeer manufacturer ; James Warren, of Beeoh worth, splitter ; 'William S. Vardy, of Kyneton, solicitor ; T. B. Swift, cf Lil^dale ; H. H. Wickes, of Sandhurst, restf.urantkeeji»r ^ and John Capitt, of Carlton, carter* j Mr Foley's circus company, 'which has -een very highly spoken of by the Sydr ey papers, commences a season at the ' Haymarket. Theatre this evening. A very formidable list of n ames has b&en; placardtd ' Black Eyed Susan ' and tha bcrleeque of ' Ill treated Trovatore ' wil' , be given at the Princess's this evening. Ia the afternoon, Professor Stevens and his sons wiil pre1 jent their drawing-room enler- j tainment. Mr O'Neil too' ^ a benefit at the Theatre Royal, last evening, wh' 3jj the dramas of ' Handy Andy ' and ' Barney tl je Baron ' were performed. There was a very gtK J(j house. This evening ' Macbeth ' will be prodo with Mr and Mrs Vincent as the Thane of G' .amis and his wicked wife. The spectacle of 'Ivanh' J6 -? announced as in preparation. A color ed man, named Samuel Thomas, has been arrested on the charge of being concerned in the highwr ,y robbery, which took place on the North eatov .oad, some short tima ago. . r * t s 