TASMANIA. We have received papers from Iloliart Town to llio 10th, end Lnuncdston to tho 17th lust. Parliament has been further prorogued by proclamation till the 2Gtlt June. Rifle Match. — The volunteers chosen to represent Liiunctstou In tbo match, arranged with Maldon, Victoria, fired nt the butts on tho 10th last. The weather, though somewhat chilly, from n slight south-easterly breeze blowing neross tho range was, on tho whole favourable. Tho ranges were nt 200, 300, 400, and S00 yards, aud the total score utfdu by the fen volunteers, was 4G3. New Commission of the Peace. — A now commission of the peace lias been Issued, In which the names of all absent from the colony te omitted, with the exception of that of Mr. \Y. Robertson, who resides In Victoria. Altogether about fniy nanus hnvo been removed from the loll, and twenty inserted. LUMINOUS FUNGUS. — A beautiful specimen of phosphorescent fungi, obtained in the neigh- bourhood of Prospect Village, has been left at our office. In shape it is something like an um- brella that has been inverted by the wind ; the gill's are thus on the outside, as is the case in aguicus virgineus, to which, indeed, it boars a strong resemblance. It is of an irregular figure, but on its longest side it is about 4½in., with a cicumference which — if perfect — would be as large as the top of a tumbler. The whole of this plant, without the exception of about an inch of the stem, is remarkably luminous ; so much so as to enable printed matter to be distinguished when brought into close contact with it.— Ex- aminer. HORRIBLE DEATH.—A man named John Salloway met a terrible death on the 12th inst., by falling into a copper of boiling ale at the brewery of Mr. Glenwiight. From the evi- dence taken at the inquest, it appeared that Sal- loway was standing on the brickwork mound the copper, shaking a bag of sugar over it, when he slipped and fell in, the liquid in the vessel being at the time boiling. Alexander M'Leish, a labourer employed at the same brewery, imme- diately caught hold of him and pulled him out, and as he did to felt the skin strip off. The unfortunate man was removed to tho hospital, but died within fourteen hours from the effects of the scalding. 