ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Oire me leave To speak my mind."-SHAKBPEARB. The trump card of the opera season has been played. Ever since the commencement of the season we hare been told to expect something wonderful in the shape of that great work of Meyerbeer, which, five-and-thirty years ago, put the musical world, and a good deal of the world not musical, into commotion. And, all things considered, perhaps it would be untrue to say there is good reason for being disappointed-that is to say, speaking comparatively. I do not know why the management selected an Italian libretto. Everybody knows that "Robert the Devil" was: originally " Bobert le Diablo," and that MM. Scribfc and Delavigne did the libretto necessarily in French. Moreover, the opera is essentially French, both in spirit and expression; for though Meyerbeer took ! lovingly for a time to the Italian method, he had laid it aside when he wrote " Bobert le Diable," and had begun to combine the light and airy grace of. the French school with the massive harmonies belonging to his own national music. There was certainly nothing Italian about it, exoept some of' the scenes where the incidents of the drama are presumed to have happened. Hence, when it was produced, in London in the year follow ing that in which it first became known to the world at the Acad&nie; Boyal de Musique, it was ako Bung in French. Subsequently, an Italian .version was prepared to meet, «the requirements of the performers at Her Majesty'o Theatre, who, being all Italians, naturally enough preferred to sing in their own language. And thus it was that Jenny Lind, who made her debut in London in the character of Alice, had to sing in that tongue, and, her pronunciation not being very perfect, die to that extent laboured under a disadvantage. It thus happens that the Italian, version is a translation, just as much as an English version would be. -There would be quite as much, reason in singing "Le Proph6te," "Les .Huguenots," and " L'Africajne" in Italian. There is a very simple tide for guidance in suoh matters. Either sing an opera in the language in which it was written, or sing it in the language best understood by the performers. But there is a curious delusion in the avenge public mind that all operas come from Italy, just as 'all tea is believed to come from China, To be sure, there is a sort of advantage in using a language which only a few of the audience comprehend; for in the event of « singerbeing gravelled for lack of words,\he has only to drawlaxgelyuponsuchstook ofexttetives as he may have by him, end his defect! will .Jiudly be paxoeiTed. In this way he may ring the changes upon O CMo 1 gimto Cielo I Fa . lei "tempot ah «, tmo Signoret with a liberal' infusion bf qual, atod cfte, and- delta, and' gutrio, and the Tik6, and get the reputation of being '*a adept in tto Italiiiitdngue.'' But perhaps the ma^genient was. actui»ted '?\f motives of ilelioaoy towards the .extrem^y propfur eeotion of society, J£ " Bobert the Devil V hjuJ beenplaowdedill overthetown, -peiJiapSBfoodmany of these person* ironld li»veibeen shooked to aee aaoh a familiar me [^adeoffcbam^whi&ttis; oustbioMy to w «urd ii'ifctireper to b& tu»d in ^ .j ..» .i.s. .s-A.'* jt ??y.X . . . .i '<-1 W ^Itob^,*to<|>^ ' * «thu«iasmof ;the enterpriseoftha s "»#* dhlt' *w' thatlss boeta t ooii^ toora fi^ Pl^ wd the totally Witless outlay in the matter of toetxtj, ' oostomej1 bi^, o&te; accessories. Wa^iolA in the most piteous 'accents that if crowds do not throng to see this unparalleled instance of Managerial liberality, many years most elapse before the opportunity may happen again, and that the whole -community must mean* while remain under the imputation of bad taste and unpoetioal preference*. And, by way of encouraging an increased patron* age, the management hare raised, the prices of admission, on the well understood principle, probably, that what people get cheaply they do not value highly. It must not be forgotten, however, that though the prices hare been raised, the public hare had much more than usual for their money, seeing that it was half past midnight when the performances were over on Monday night. I know several charmingly gushing persons who went away on that evening fully convinced that the quality was quite equal to the quantify, or that, if then was any difference, it was in favour of the quality. Not being either gushing or amiable, or, in fact, anything else^but cynical and ill* tempered, I am unable to coinoide entirely with my ecatatio friends, however much I may envy them the possession of this delightful faculty for seeing things through a roseate medium. Of the opera itself, I have ne* cessarily nothing to say. It has long ago passed out of the range of current criticism. It is a wild, weird romance, full of poetry, and the unspoiled music would doubt* lees convey the poetic idea with a perfect meaning. The matter for consideration, there* fore, is narrowed to the point of material pre sentment, and we have to consider how much, or how little, the poetic idea is spoiled in passing through a grosser, if a more palpable, medium than that of the imagination. And herein is the disadvantage to which the musician-poet is subjected, as compared with the artist-poet or the author-poet. For whereas these last appeal directly to the minds of those who consider their works, the musi- cian-poet is almost entirely dependent upon the interpreters of his meaning. It heuce becomes necessary in music to take for granted a good deal which iB palpable in poetry ex- pressed through other media, and perhaps in this way is to be explained that sort of criticism which insists upon good intentions being accepted in lieu of good performances. I think it would be highly inconvenient if good intentions were always to be accepted as the indication of merit, however praiseworthy they may be in themselves. Nevertheless, am quite ready to acknowledge them as far as they go j and I do not hesitate to say that in this performance of M Robert le Diable," or as the bills insist upon having it " Roberto il Dia- volo," there is very much suggestive of a desire to do justice to Meyerbeer, and I could almost fancy I saw faint signs of a disposition to depart from the conventional manner of re presentation. Tobesure they werebutfaintsigns, for as nobody becomes wicked all of a sudden so nobody is reformed in a hurry. Certainly I never saw Madame Escott to so much advantage as in this character of Alice. Then are many parts in which Bhe makes a stronger impression on the average audience, and the popular feeling perhaps inclines rather to such parts as Semiramide than to this of the Normandy maid; but to me she seemed more identified with the action of the story than any other of the cast. Not that she was in especially excellent voice, nor that she was strikingly demonstrative, save where demonstrativeness was necessary; but she appeared to be a component part of the whole, and not an excrescence. And in this respect she contrasted favourably with Madame Simonsen, who, as Isabella, was unequal in parts- rising, indeed, to considerable effectiveness at times, but anon sinkjng into the commonplace and conven tional. In the grand scene in the fourth act, however, she forgot herself, and was almost entirely the character she personated. The " Robert toi que j'aime," or as they had it the " Roberto oh tu che adoro," could hardly have been given with truer dramatic effect; and this effect did not consist simply in an ill regulated impetuosity, seizing upon the unthink- ing, but disappointing those who disoeriu It was the perfect expression of genuine emotion and if Madame Simonsen's performance throughout had been equal to this episodal example, it would have been hardly possible to say wherein it might have been Improved. Mr. Satires was necessarily the Robert, and sane tne music with that smooth prettiness which is' bo acceptable to his admirers. Mr. Beaumont was much less effective than usual ;and Mr. De Haga as Bertram, did little else than make one regret that a more competent representative of the part could not have been found. Of the lesser lights it is only just' to Mr. Sutcliffe and Mr Baker to say that the little they did they did well; only one could not help being sorry for the former of these gentlemen, in that his chorus of monks were so little likemonks. An efficient stage-manager would insist on every man shaving, and would provide monks with tonsure-wigs. And speaking of stage-manage- ment, why was tht most striking scene in the fourth act spoiled by its unity not being preserved ? lower limbs, revolving » footlights, md aokoow* _ » - .u. . »i»Uken plaudiU,of jtl»% eudienoe, jjJiileallthe other ghosts waitat the ... bade, in various corporeal attitude*. ontU Dm attit udinizingof the principal ghost u overf I am cwnWnoed, moreover, that tne oonventtafat 'billet «Ntnn in ftii «en« iluitttwiiilAk r To beiure, we hare no certain information . tof how disembodied spirits dress themselves, aud foiling specific knowledge on thisppint* , we have adopted the theory that theyelothe themselves in their habits aa the/ lived. Sow, the ballet-petticoat is a modern institution, and could not, therefore, hare been in Ute more than 800 years ago. A moment'sooo* sideration should suffice, moreover, todiorhD^ infinitely the characteristic expression would have been improved if the wild orgies of the , nuna had been performed as nans, and not at a corps de ballet. The " demon** is a punt interpolation, which Meyerbeer did not coo template ; bat the interpolation might have been at least tolerated, if not pardoned, if hi had disappeared, like a legitimate imp, in tkt red fire which rose to receive him as the trap opened. But as some of the audience nim an insane demonstration when the curtain fey, it was raised, as is the wont, and the Homm and his victim were hoisted up from the infernal regions to bow their acknowledgements of tha compliment! Of the scenery, the opening set is extremely beautiful, bat entirely inappropriate, seeing that it is not the Palermo of the eleventh century, but resembles more that of the nineteenth. Tha set of the second act is commonplace. Tha third act has two soenea-the cross scene (there is no pus intended here), and the aceae which ought to he a crypt, but which is not, , bat; which however is eminently picturesque. The cross scene is made poetical by the Ma* light cast over it, and almost absurd by the puffs of flame which come, like little squibs, every now and then from the entrance to the ' cavern. The crypt scene, though not actypt* is very well arranged; and if the premiere ? danseuse had not spoiled the illmpnn by her - silly vanity, would have been almost free from, fault. The scene of act fourth la also of the conventional manner, though in its way well painted. The scene in the fifth act is charming-albeit the architecture is somewhat too florid for the period-and the transparency is very well managed. But here again the illusion was nearly spoiled; for while the chorus was chanting that eminently solemn and soothing "Gloria al Dio," soma frantic person behind the scenes was issuing orders, in tones not piano and in terms not choice. Altogether there is much that is commendable in this production of " Robert," and if some of the points where improvement is indicated were attended to, it would at least take rank as one of the best efforts of the Lyster management. Last Saturday night the Haymarket re opened with the " Rivals," and a new farce, introducing, after an of ax years, our old friend Sogers; and presenting, in the character of manager, after a retirement from managerial duties of like duration of time, the veteran Coppin. Indeed nearly all the faces were familiar, and most of them, were welcomed with a cordiality that spoke well for their popularity. Sheridan's fine old comedy went most trippingly. Mr. Ooppin never played better as Bob Acres, nor do I think it possible the part could be betterplayed, be the actor who he may. Sir Anthony Absolute is a character that Mr. Sogers used to include among his successful efforts. Mr. Lawrence played Captain Absolute with manifest evidence of the progress be is .. in the practice of his art, and Mr. Ireland's Falkland showed how possible it is for a capable actor to redeem an unpleasant part from much of its unpleasantness. Mr. Greville was the Sir Lucius, a character which, though something out of the range of his customary performances, was nevertheless excellently given. It would hardly be paesiole to see a more pleasing Lydia than that of Mrs. Lawranoe (or, as the bills have it, Carry George). Mrs. Woolridge played tfw Malaprop much better than I expected, and indulged less in that unpleasant lifting of the voice into a curious falsetto than she generally does. Miss Adelaide Stoneham, in the little part of Lucy, confirmed the opinion I some time ago expressed of her, that, with proper study and painstaking, she will be the leading soubrette actress here. The new farce, entitled " Pipkin's Stutfpt Retreat," is a bit of broad absurdity, some strong situations in it, which Mr. Greville made irresistibly amusing. This farce was first produced at the Adelphi, Lon don, But January, and has for its author a Mr. Thomas 3. Williams, whose Same has not yet become universal. The plot, epitomised, may be stated to be the adventures of a retired crockery dealer in a lonely and dilapidated house which he has purchased on account of ite cheapness, but which he is made to belief by a travelling artist who has occasionally used it as Ins abode, is the resort of robbers and murderers. It thus serves as the means of illustrating (he ludicrous aspect of extreme terror, and this Mr. Greville very fully repre* sents. I would suggest, however, that when next it ia given, the artist ahould paint a ton. * expressive of picturesquenees, though oon?«y- . ing the idea of dilapidation. The soene em ployed on Saturday night looked like * blackened wall of a frightful bam, and ogeatfqL ' I in one's mind an un pleasingfeeling not able to the piece. On Monday rwas a crammed bouse at this come back that other most _ Miss Julia Mathews, pow. in "The Child of the B She isas merry and _ a trifle leas buoyant, but' this quality, she has. gi" finish,~ind her ainging, i . «s fowneriy.besptSKFs WW received, as sibB Mm * ' 