LITERATURE. OVER THE MEADOW. . THERE are some days one never forgets. I doubt if I ever for- get those days, so long ago, but still so fresh as if they broke but yesterday-—those days spent with Donald gathering the crimson jets of samphire ! Oh, but they were days of grace, and though I've jogged through many calmer ones, there's been none like them-—none. . Since I had just come from believing in fairy folks haunting the green dim- ples of the hill, rowing all day down the meadow stream in wherries carved from bubbles by the wandering Djin, the wind, I must needs believe in some- thing, and so I believed in him. Alas, and that passed by as well ! . I have only to open my window on a still autumn morning with just a breath off the river, and once more I am Christine Miller and twenty, and the samphire is ripening over yonder, and Donald is the gay, handsome heart again, lithe and lovely ; but soon this glamour passes too, and I know well that Donald's dead these ten years, and that I am only the Widow Brown with sixty years astern. . It was just across the river we always went when my mother had said : " Christine, where is your samphire for pickling, now your preserves be all made and your cowcumbers done ?" So Donald would out with his boat, and Susan and Ned Brown and I with our baskets, and away we would spin over the water in the sunshine, making merry. . I had two lovers in those days, Ned Brown and Donald ; but Donald he was born to be a lover, while Ned was an awkward, staring boy, always with his hands in his breeches pockets when they were'nt handling a ship's rope, for he followed the sea between whiles. . It was Donald who helped me ashore, but it was Ned who stayed behind to anchor the little craft ; if I lost my footing in the boggy spots it was Donald who came to my help with a lightsome solicitude, but all the time Ned's eyes never left me, and I knew that but for his clod-hopper ways he would rescue me first from a den of lions if need were. Fox all that Donald was my earliest and latest thought. "What will Donald think ? Will Donald go ? Will Donald come ?" That was the catechism I learned alike Sunday and week-day ; and, sooth to say, I hardly knew Ned lived at all save when I saw him before me. . Ah, well-a-day, there's scarce a night, I believe, but in my dream I'm picking my way over the samphire-field behind Donald, and I see his foot slip and catch its balance again as he turns and holds out his hand to me, and always on his hand- some face a smile hovers ; and anon I trip, and before he can reach me I'm broad awake, sitting up in bed, with a star wink- ing at me through a chink of the shutter. That's why I go to bed so early, for I'm sure to dream of Donald, and the samphire, and the days when we were keeping company ! . One day-I remember it well-the heavens were all paved with gold and the crisp air guarded a smell of pine woods and fulling leaves, and the river ran sparkling away to the sea, like a string of bright beads thnt had slipped the knot. But Donald, though he handled the oar briskly, and the boat sped like a flash from reach to reach of the curveting tide, was a trifle down at the mouth as he looked back at the shore yellowing and crimsoning in its autumn sunshine, and out upon the bar, where the unal- layed waves tossed up, as, by some wizard spell, huge columns and archways, that flashed and silvered and disappeared, like some spectral gateway, into the broad ocean beyond ; and then, glancing at back at me, I discerned a shadow fall darkly across his face, as he said : . "You will be coming here often when I'm away." . "Never without thinking of you, Donald," I answered ; and even though I whispered it I noted Ned tore his eyes from off me, and sent them gazing out at sea. Surely there's no ears nor eyes like true love's ! . " Shall you be gone for long," asked Susan. . " For months ; may be years." . Now it was for me to look aghast; but I forebore to speak, for Ned-——wasn't he all ears and eyes and wistful woefulness ? . But when we were out upon the meadow, and Donald stoop- ing close behind me over the tiny bristling spears of samphire, my curiosity was ready to blaze, but my pride hung fire. So we picked and picked, and the silence was glowing hateful, when, suddenly, he stood upright and took of his hat, saying, with a grim smile that was more than half a frown, . " You don't ask me anything ; you don't care ; Ned has been getting your heart away from me by inches : it is time for me to go !" . " Indeed, Master Donald," said I, quite put out, you know, " where got you the deed and title of my heart, that you can gainsay its gift by an inch or an ell ?" . At that he looked befogged, and drew his hand along his brow, and cried, . " Christine, do you mean that you never loved me ?" . " Do you mean that you ever asked me to ?" . " I do now, for I shall love you for ever." . That alters things," said I coolly enough, considering the words were burning in on my heart. . "Then you do." . " Do what ?" For I was determined to make him come every step of the way. Was I to be so lightly won. . " Love me," he answered. . " Well, yes-—a little-—may be !" . I suppose that answered his turn, for directly he grew gay and glad, made the air ring with his wild tunes and pleasant jests, till, at last, all agreed we never had spent so blithe a day on the meadow. . "What's douce to some is dour to others," as I have heard the proverb run in the tongue my mother brought with her when, a child with a speech of her own, she came from Scotland to these foreign shores of freedom. . And Donald went to the city to be clerk in a great importing house, and the boat was sold, and Ned was off and away to the Indies; and henceforth, if Susan and I wanted samphire, there was the bridge across, and the ferryman, but that was all. . Donald's mother was always an ambitious body, and nowise willing he should stay at home, and milk the cows, and plough the field, and reap the harvest, as his forefathers had done since ever they left the bonny Tweedside, and settled in America; for they emigrated long before my mother's people brought her here ! and, being longer established, they felt what in the old country would be called a priority of rank over us later comers ; so Donald's mother would have him a great man, with his money and his wits ready coined, and white hands, and genteel ways as the Great Mogul himself. Law me! when a youngster I used to take the Great Mogul for an elephant, and I don't rightly know his bearings to this day. . Well, first along, Donald wrote a thought gloomy; and my letters to him were like the light between riven clouds, he said ; but in those days the mail didn't come bothering and disappoint- ing you five or six times a day : it was odd if we got a letter from Donald much short of a fortnight old. You may guess how I counted the time till mail-day ; how if it stormed, or froze, or parched, it was still the sweetest day that ever gathered to a dawn and smiled from east to west ; how I dressed in my finest clothes, and watched and listened. . But one day, it was all in vain. . "No letters for Christine Miller !" sang out our postmaster——— a saucy old rough, who would have called King Solomon him- self by his Christian name-——"who'd have guessed he'd forget ye already!" . " Who, indeed !" thought I. . Oh, but the next fortnight was bitter long ! and though a letter came it planted a thorn in my side. . I am fast making friends," he wrote ; "my employer has two agreeable daughters, who often makes my evenings pleasant and keep me out of harm's way, as mother would say." . "Harm's way!" thought I. "If that's out of it, where next?" . But there was more yet,——see, here it is now ; how yellow it's grown ! it drops in pieces at a touch, like the dear dust of its writer. Oh, to think that his hand and his thought fashioned these very words ; that his eyes bent above them ; that they are a part of him-—of him-—of whom I have no part ! Oh, Donald ! did you know how much I loved you ? . Put them up. There's no need of them. I learned every word by heart as one would a bit of poetry, without heed ; a more spirited girl would have burned them all, or a truer wife; but I-I couldn't. . So he went on to say : " Christine, dear, couldn't you take a little more pains with your orthography and etymology? You left an f out of affection, and grafted it upon afraid ; your hand is rather cramped ; and, I notice, it is you for using your verbs at hap-hazard." . Who ever picked a love-letter to pieces like that ? " He's getting ashamed of me," I cried, and flung the letter behind the back log ; but the fire was out, so I picked it up again. . Then I hunted up my Murray, and tried to wriggle the verbs into place; and with scrip of old Bailey's Dictionary, and practising my hand daily, my next letter did my heart good; but, dear heart, his answer ran : . " Do remember that two negatives in a sentence are equal to an affirmative; or, when you say, 'I don't care for no one as I do for you,' I shall be obliged either to doubt you, or fight my rival." . Now I couldn't see that ! . "Well, sometimes I got a letter after this, and sometimes I didn't ; but always he found so much fault with mine that I nearly gave up in despair, and wrote only seldom. . In the meanwhile he came home twice for a week, and in that time took me to task as often as a step-mother, and always harping on the fine manners of the Miss Blanks. . I remember one afternoon in particular: it was when we were going out to Farmer Farley's to a husking party, and when I was dressed he pulled me to pieces as if I had been a rag-baby. . " You've forgotten to take off your apron, Christie." . " Take off my apron ; why I made it on purpose to wear." . " Ha, ha ! You aren't going to be so countryfied?" . " Why not? I am a country girl." . " I wonder what I should think to see Miss Amelia at a party wearing an apron !" . "You would write me to wear one directly." . "That cravat about your neck, love; it's frightfully old fashioned. They are never worn in the city now." . " Christine Miller wears them heie, and that ought to satisfy you." . " That is just what dissatisfies me ; I want Christine Miller to wear the best." . Well, is there anything else you would like to alter ?" . " Since you give me carte blanche ; you-" . " What's that? I didn't know I'd given you anything but tit for tat." . " It's a foreign word," said he, laughing. . "Please remember that I don't understand foreign words, if Miss Amelia does. English is more than a match for me, you know." . " I know you are for me." . " Then why don't you marry Miss Amelia?" . " I didn't mean that sort of a match ; but since you mention it, I suppose I could if I would." . "Then I advise you to, Major Vanity ; it will save you from turning yourself into a walking dictionary and a talking fashion plate." . Well, at the husking, what does he do but flirt with all the girls and leave me in the doldrums! not but that there were plenty of others ready to come at my beck and call, but none of them were my sweet-heart; and when one has a sweet-heart all the other men are little more to one than so many clothes poles. ." Did you have a fine time ?" said he, going home. . " Wonderful fine. You spoke just ten words to me !" . "Why, you know, Christie, 'tis not good-mannered to mind your lady-love in company!" . " Oh, Donald," said I, " you used to think less of manners and more of me !" . " 'Twouldn't be wise to contradict you !" . "Why not?" I asked, like a fool. . " Because you'd say I didn't stick to my text." . It wasn't the answer I'd expected, you see. . After he returned things went on pretty much the same, save that we wrote yet more seldom. . It was in the fall of the year, may be eighteen months since Donald's last visit-the sky was full of great bounding clouds, like the wings of white birds that I've seen far out at sea, or like the sails of ships which the wind had filled. I took my basket and went over the bridge, all alone, to the samphire meadow; for Susan, she was laid up with a fever. May be I had been there half- an-hour, when all of a sudden some one's two hands fell on my two shoulders, and sent my wits flying abroad. . " Guess who it is !" said Donald's voice. . " What's the good of guessing, when I know for certain ?" . " Pick up your basket, then, and come home with me." . " But mother wants the samphire." . " We'll get enough to-morrow." . So we went home to his mother's to tea, and she got out her best china, and her finest linen, and a silver cream-pitcher she had had ever since silver was first smelted, I believe. . "I suppose this will be yours, Christie, when you go to housekeeping," said she, dusting it as if it were like to crack at a breath. . "Thank you," said I; " but you won't lose it soon, for I shall need go to boarding school before I'm fit to marry Donald." . "Law!" said she, " don't mind him, he's always taking me up short just so. But then he is a master-hand for grand words. What a parson he'd make now ! Them Blanks have been the making of him." . " And the marring of me," thinks I, selfishly enough. . Next day he came for me to go to the samphire meadow. It was one of those fine days again, like crystal for clearness, when you can seem to see into heaven itself, when in all the wide sky there is not a speck, and the distant woods paint themselves like flames against its wall. Well, Donald was as good as gold, and quite as lively as that is now-a-days. He told me how he spent his time in the city, that I might know, at every chime of the clock, what employed him. Then he described the Opera-house, where he sometimes went with the Miss Blanks ; and the witching music, that seemed only to echo the key- note of Heaven's own ; and the beautiful singers, in their gowns of satin and gold trimmings, and their faces like angels and their voices like seraphs ; and he set it all forth with such a knack that I almost believed he was reciting some fairy tale that he had picked up in the great city. Law me I the city itself, in those days, was like some bewitched thing I didn't more than half believe in ! . " Wasn't you surprised when you first see it," I asked, all wild with listening. . " Christie," said he, stopping short, " I shan't "answer till you correct those two pieces of bad grammar in your question." . " What are they ?" says I. . " The more shame to you if you don't know." . "'Be patient with the ignorant and the fool,' used to be a copy in my writing book." . "The patience of Job would be put upon," said he, a trifle touched upon. . " Oh dear," says I, " I wish I hadn't never been born to vex you so !'' . " There it is again, two negatives. I wish you hadn't !" . "Well, Donald, seems to me we have had enough of this. I'm tired of it if you aren't." . " I am certain I am." . " Very well, then. It's plain you and I can't go on badgering each other at this rate for ever. We may as well part company first as last, for I see it will come to that in the end. Perhaps you'll find someone who will give you an affirmative in exchange for my negative-——Miss Amelia, for instance." . "Miss Amelia, has nothing to do with the case in hand. There's no need of dragging her in. If you think we are no longer fit for each other, I think so too." . " That's settled, then, thank goodness !" for, though I hadn't meant a word of what I said, you know, how could I retract after such an answer, pray ?" . So we walked home in grim silence ; but long before we reached our gate my stiff anger had melted into a piercing anguish, and my heart cried out for a grain of love, while scapegrace Pride stood warden at every loophole, and wouldn't let me hang out a flag of truce nor a signal of distress. As for Donald, he was now all aflush and now like a ghost, and his eyes shot out sparks like a flint. . At the gate we parted in silence, and I saw that he linger- ed as if to latch it, as I stepped briskly up the footpath; but I never turned nor glanced back, and presently I heard him call " Christine !" But I kept straight on, head up, heart down : and again " Christine !" but I never-—oh me if I only had. . "Well; do you think after that I spent the night crying like any baby ; and in the morning some one came in, and said Donald had gone ! . Mother, she gave me a look, and when the visitor had gone -— . "Did you know that?" asked she, sharply, for mother favored the match. . " Why should I ? It's all up between Donald and me," I answered shortly. . " Whose the blame !" . " Moods and tenses," said I, getting up to go out before she could say more ; for whenever mother got excited she fell into her native Scotch tongue, and that I hated as badly as Donald did false Syntax ; and a trick of it she lent to me myself, and I've never fairly rid myself of it to this day. . "And temper, I'll warrant; you girls are all alike——it's a flash in the pan, and the flame ends in smoke," she concluded, before I was quite out of hearing. . You may guess if I wasn't pretty well down at the mouth; but I kept up amazingly before folks ; so it was noised about that I had jilted Donald myself. Perhaps I had. And just at this time Ned Brown he came home from sea, and he deaved me so to marry him that I almost wished there wasn't any such thing as marriage. . He was to be captain next voyage, and have a ship of his own, and he would take me to Cadiz, and half round the globe, may be. . I must confess that it appeared an atom tempting at first thought ; but then I looked at Ned and remembered Donald and the temptation sped in the twinkling of an eye ; so I said " No !" up and down ; but presently I half repented me, for a gossip flew abroad that the Blanks had taken Donald into part- nership, and he was going to marry Miss Amelia. " Oh. Donald !" sighed I, " if you'd only stay single, prince nor palace would tempt me !" . But here was Ned, and there was Donald ; and it was a good year since we had parted, and the gossip was sifted down to a certainty, and Ned would sail in a fortnight ; and what was the good of two being miserable for nothing-——married or single I should be that ; so when he came again I promised to go to Cadiz with him, or wherever he pleased : it wouldn't make much difference to me. . So we were married, and Susan went with us up to the city where the ship was taking in cargo. It was the first time we had ever been out of our home-nests, and it was as though some fairy had smuggled us upon enchanted ground, especially a there is no mortal particularly happy in those parts that ever could hear tell of. . We had two or three days to spare before the ship would get under way, and Captain Brown, he took us round, to see the sights, and it was enough to craze one. It was almost as much as your life was worth crossing the streets, to begin with, and that wasn't what I was use to, though I have had narrower chances for mine since : it was nothing but come and go, thither and yon, and the people never seemed to stop any more than if they were in a tread-mill. I wondered mightily when they took their meals ; and more than once I waited for the procession to get by. . Well, one day we stopped before one of the splendid churches just to look and admire, and soon we observed that carriages kept coming up and people going in ; and Susan, says she, . " 'Tisn't Sunday, is it?" . " Perhaps it's a funeral," said I. . " No, indeed," says Captain Brown, " it's a wedding, I guess Don't you see the folks with their white gloves ?" . " A wedding ?" says Susan, all high. " Let's go in and see for ourselves." . " I doubt if we can get in," says the Captain; "they'll crowding in so fast ; but we can push up nearer, and heave anchor till the bride and bridegroom come." . Pretty soon there was a buzz, and a " There they come !" from the bystanders; and a gentleman handed a lady out of a carriage-a lady all lace and satin and flowers-a lady with a blush on the cheek and a smile on the lip. . " That's the bride," says Captain Brown. . " My !" cried Susan ; " but where's the bridegroom ? I had a sight rather see him." . "There!-there he is-that one that's just helping out the lady in grey ; do you see, Christie ? Wait ; he'll turn round soon. There--" . "Oh !" cried Susan. . " Let us go," said the Captain, touching me gently. But I just stood still, with my eyes as if they had been glued upon Donald's face ; and he gave a glance round the crowd, and fate would have it that his eyes met mine, and the blood flared up his cheek that was like death before, and his eyes said, plain as tongue could have spoken. . " I loved you ; see, this is your work !" And looking so, he passed on and disappeared. . " Shan't we go now ?" said I,' taking the Captain's arm, as cool as if nothing had happened. . She's not à bit pretty," said Susan. . "Handsome men seldom marry pretty women," said I. . " No," said Captain Brown, who would have agreed with me if I had said black was white : " it's your homely men who do that ; they get so pesky tired of seeing only their own ugly phiz aboard." . And we stood off for Cadiz at last; and, I can tell you, my first night at sea was a little too grand to be comfortable ; but law sakes ! I've been to sea with Captain Brown fifteen years and odd, on and off, and got sort of acclimated, so that I didn't think any more of going across the Atlantic than stepping across my chamber floor of a cold morning. . Many are the nights I've been out when the ship didn't seem like anything so much as a shaving, which the wind shook and tore, and the waves hungered for ; when the darkness wrapped you like a cloak, save where far off the waves, beckoned with ghostly fingers, or gnashed their white teeth threateningly ; when above the lonesome shriek of the tempest the creak of cordage, the slip and slap and tumble of yelping cataracts, the orders trumpeted abroad-above them all would break the woeful voice of a minute-gun, that carried in its breath dreadful tidings of shipwreck and death ; of men and women clinging to straws ; of ghastly faces one instant upturned, now whirled down, down by the whirling waters; of horrors that another hour might make our own. And then the sun, rising over fair fields of sliding gems, and never weary of working its miracles far and near, while bear us company the live-long day, till, like some shipwrecked world, splintered and raveled into a thousand atoms of glory, it sank sadly, to its grave. . Then it was odds, but now and again we fell in with an iceberg, bound down for the Gulf Stream; towers and spires and fretted frostwork, all a glitter in the sunlight, as fine as any cathedral I've ever gazed at in the Old World. . And land! the foreign countries that I've seen! Why, if anybody had told me when I was a girl I should drive from post to pillar like that, I should have thought them mad. . Early or late, every one has their turn ; and so it fell out, that one night, after the storm had raged like any wild creature for two days, we shipped our masts ; and directly Captain Brown called to lower the boats, as that was our only chance, for the ship had sprung a leak and the sea rushed in with a will, and the pumps were of no more use than a cup. Now, that is the time for a man to show the cut of his jib ; if he has got a drop of meanness or cowardice in him, he won't stand face to face so with death without giving a hint of it. But it would have done your heart good to have seen Captain Brown's men, even the roughest and unseemliest, stand back and say to their mess- mates, "You next!" . We stuck to the boat for two days, and by that time our water was quite gone; and it strikes one strangely, I can tell you, to see one's self surrounded by that delicious liquid and one dying of thirst ! But just as we had put the last crumb of biscuit into our mouths a French brig, bound for Algiers, took us off ! . I can tell you, too, that I had never expected to see green fields, nor waving corn, nor blossoming waysides again ; neither to hear the sweet morning fluting of birds just awake in their nests in the old tangled garden at home, or the sweeter voices of friends or foes; no, I had given all that up, and looked calmly as I might out upon the grey glooming waters, and up to the heavens as cheerless, if so be I might find some grain of comfort to last me through. . Well, none of us could speak a word of French but Captain Brown-—he had picked up a little of the jargon on the French coast ; and no one on the brig could speak English, and we had a droll time of it. We would each get so provoked with our- selves, and when all was said and done it was so funny, that I could exactly understand the sort of trials the workmen suffered when the Tower of Babel was under way. For all that, the rest of the voyage wasn't a pleasure-trip altogether; we had some rough gales before we slipped into the harbour at Algiers, where we rocked at last, as safe as a thief in a mill, in com- parison. . Dear me, I thought it was quite the prettiest anchorage in the world just then ; it looked so social to see the ships rolling about as happy-go-lucky as if storms were things of another latitude ; and the moonlight making free with the battlements of the grim old castle, and looking in at the ghastly loopholes of the batteries that had, may be, sent death to many a brave heart ; and the folks ashore cooking supper over their fires in the open air, as I've seen the gipsies in Spain do, only these wore their rags differently ; for among all my goings and comings what's struck me most is the odd fashions people have of rigging themselves. . After this I got out of the way of going with Captain Brown besides, mother she was growing old and needed me at home and, perhaps, I didn't quite care to repeat my experience. . In the meantime I had heard news of Donald ; how that now he was forehanded, and now that his health was broken, and again that he was in the house for the insane. Well, he was not the first of his race that had brought up there at last ; his mother came of a line of intermarriages equal to any in royalty. But during all that time between I had never laid eyes on him for though he had been down often enough to see his mother it was always while I was at sea. . Dear me, I have good reason to remember the day Cap- tain Brown went on his last voyage. He was to start off immediately after dinner ; and as I passed him the pickled peppers. . " Christie," said he, " why don't you ever have pickled sam- phire now-a- days?. How jolly we used to be getting it ; no pickle like that for me, my hearties !" . " Just so," said mother, " none grows in these times, I'll be bound. Oh, for the good old days-" . " Of Adam and of Eve ?" asked the Captain, slyly. . " When you come home again," said I, we will have some awaiting you." . " And what if I never come," said he. "Hush, hush; what should hinder? And you that know the way so well-your own beaten path !" . "The pitcher goes often to the well," says mother. . "There, don't go to wooing trouble," said I. . Now, the Captain was sort of a cheerful body in the house, and after he was gone it seemed so lonesome-like that I didn't know rightly what to take hold of first, so I just bethougt myself of the samphire. " Present time is best time !" thinks I, so on with my sun- bonnet, and down with my basket, and away I labored across Dear sakes, it wasn't quite as I had tripped that way thirty years agone ; one's gait at fifty isn't a quickstep ; and I much wondered if I were really the same high-tempered ignoramus that broke with Donald so long ago on this very spot I was going to. . " I've seen the world," thinks I, " and rubbed off some of the sharp edges ;" and maybe I was a little proud that Donald even couldn't find fault with me then. Oh, vain self-glorying ! . All the way over was so familiar I could have fallen down and kissed the ground, the bit of stone wall, moss-incrusted, the old gnarled trees-could have pointed out to you the places where times and again we had rested, and the trees where Donald used to gather pine-cones for us ! . "Ah me, thirty years can do a heap of mischief !" thinks I; and looking down I found the samphire as thick as bees my feet, just as if it had been waiting thirty years for me come. . But before I went to work, I don't know what possessed me, but I turned me about and gave a look all across the meadow ; and some one was coming swiftly toward me from the other side. . " Who can that be ?" thinks I. " Some stranger, doubtless, who has missed his way ; it does walk like-—— Nonsense, don't be a fool. Christie Brown ; do you walk as you did then?" He came quickly up to me and held out both hands, then paused,and drew back. . " I beg your pardon, ma'am," said he, touching his hat, " but I thought it was she, at a distance; your gait and your basket deceived me. You didn't pass her in the village, did you?" "Who?" I asked. . " Christine Miller. I've been expecting to meet her here. The coach has gone already. I must give her up soon !" From the first moment I had set eyes on his face I knew Donald, for all that his hair was white, his face so haggard, his eyes so sunken ; and now it all rushed over me that he was beside himself, and had escaped from the asylum. " Oh !" says I, taking the cue, " if it's Christie Miller you want, she was in the village to-day. Come, we will go and find her. I think, may be, she will be at your mother's." Upon that he scowled and sat down on a rock hard by, saying, "Thank you,- I had rather she came here. Don't let me trouble you farther." . Now I was scared to leave him there all alone, so I answered, "No trouble, good Sir; but I'm an old woman, as you see, and wouldn't you be so kind as to go a piece across with me!" . " Oh," said he, as cute as could be, "with pleasure ; but I thought you had just come to gather samphire." . " So I had, but I don't feel able to stay ; and then perhaps we will meet her there." . Then he rose up with a sigh and gave me his arm, and——— . "No," says he, "I've no reasonable hope to see her again, if she won't come here." . " Perhap's she's sick," said I. . " But you said you. saw her to-day." . " Still she may not feel like walking this far." . " You did, for a less reason ; and I must walk treble the distance to catch a stage at Buxton, now ours is gone." . "Then it's a shame to take you back with me," said I, to humor him. . " Not so ; it is a pleasure to me." . Ah, well ! though his poor face was as if he had set down all his accounts there-crissed and crossed and scratched out-—he had still my Donald's winning ways, his gallant graces. . So he rambled on till we reached his mother's door, and she was just standing there a moment, looking at the sunlight on the lawn and the broad blue sky above ; and soon as she spied us she cried out, . " Here's Donald, my son !" . And I slipped behind and left him in her arms. Poor soul ! she was ailing herself, and her mind had gone from her these two years, but she knew him. . Well, I saw no more of them till after nightfall, when the girl who looked after his mother came rushing in for me. Said she, "Oh, Mr. Donald ! he's raving like fury, and keeps calling for you, Miss Brown-—leastways he cries 'Christie ! Christie! where's Christie ?' " . So I tied my kerchief over my head and went with her. They had him in bed, and two men they held him, and he beat the air with his arms, and his cries were like knives going through and through you. . " Donald, dear, what ails you ?" I said, taking his hand ; but he shook his fist in my face: "Do you think I don't know Christine Miller when I see her ? Do you think to impose upon me like that?" said he. . And so he went on, and wouldn't believe it was I ; but if I turned away would cry, "Christie! Christie !" just as he did that night at the gate. . But by-and-by he fell into a sleep, and they begged me not to leave him lest he should wake furious at finding me gone ; so the men went to lie down in the next room, and left me alone there with him ; and he slept as sweetly as a little child, and between whiles he smiled. And at last, when the white dawn sauntered up the horizon, he turned him on his side, and heaved a deep sigh, and opened wide his beautiful eyes-—his eyes that no tears or terrors could rob of their loveliness-—and he looked me full in the face, as sane as you are, and he stroked my hand softly and said : . " Poor Christie ! The flaming sword that guarded Eden, and turned both ways, has kept us apart. How long is it, child, since then-——how long?" . " Thirty years gone this day, Donald !" . He was silent awhile. . " Why didn't you meet me, thirty years gone this day, on the samphire meadow ?" Then said he, " Tell me why?" . " I never knew you wanted me there, Donald dear." . "Never knew, why I waited and waited for you, and the stage went by, but still I would not go, for I said something keeps her ; she'd never throw true love away like that." . " No more I would, Donald dear." . "I said so ! I said so ! Yes, cotton's down, and wool ought to be"-——he was wandering a bit-—"and so I waited till my heart froze, and then I walked ten miles-—ten miles to reach Buxton before the stage left, carrying my heart all the way like a log ! And you never knew !" . " Dear heart, I loved you all the same ; but some wrong has been done us. How should I know you waited for me, dear ?" . I thought it no harm to speak to him so then, and he dying. . " I sent you word," said he ; I left you a note." . " A note ? And what note ? I've never heard one word from you since that night at the gate." . " Is that true?" said he, rising on his elbow. . True as Heaven," said I. . "Heaven help us, then," said he; and you thought I had given you up without a word ! Poor Christie ! And I loved you so truly ! But I've no time to lose ; before the sun touches the samphire meadow I shall be beyond hearing ; see, my voice fails me now*: put your head down closer, closer ;. say, I shall -love you-till-death, and-beyond : one kiss-and away." So his lids dropped, and his soul was away beyond the morning, and the stars, and the pitiless radiances of the earth, into the perfect light ! . Then I laid him back upon the pillows, with a smile quite plain about his lips, and went out into the next room. . "Donald has gone !" I said, quietly. . " Gone ? Donald gone?" cried his mother from her chimney corner. " Yes, yes ; he said he must be gone bright and early; they sent for him. Well, good- speed to him ! Oh, but Christie, is that you ! Wait a bit. I like to have forgotten. My memory begins to fail me ; Donald, he left something for you, a slip of paper, no more ; I thought I'd sent it by the boy ; but no, I mind now that I shut it in one of the books !" . And she toddled across the floor to a shelf where Donald's old school books had stood this many a year : they were such sacred oracles in her eyes. . Now, "the boy " had been a man these twenty years, with boys of his own. . Taking down an old tattered arithmetic, she produced a folded note and came hobbling with it to me. . " I thought it had gone by the boy ; but now I'm glad you dropped in, Christie, for here it is !" . True enough ; it was the note I should have had thirty years ago, that in all her days of reasoning she forgot, but this little touch of the past recalled to her ; yellow and tender, but the words just as they came from Donald's heart, warm and yearn- ing, that heart which would yearn no more for ever ! . "DEAR CHRISTIE"-——he said, for it was as though he spoke-——"I couldn't sleep last, night for thinking of you, and wishing for daylight to go over and make it all up with you ! I'm a fool for minding a bad tense or so, for what's that worth beside a loving heart to a heart that loves? And now, to make matters worse, Mr. Blank has just sent for me ; his partner's dead ; and I'm to start bright and early, to go first across the river and buy wool for the firm, so I shan't have time to call and see you, hardly to scratch this ; but if you'll meet me at the samphire meadow, where I shall stop to catch the stage, I shall thank you and my stars. Don't fail me, my only love ! Whatever falls out, I am yours for time and eternity.' DONALD." . And he thought I failed him ! But he is mine, through time and eternity ; he said so ! he said so ! . It is ten years since the grass grew green on Donald's grave ; and now it is tall and rank, and in early spring the blue violets hide there, and the ground-sparrow loves to build her nest there! . I never go to the samphire meadow now ; I am an old woman indeed. And Captain Brown-he was lost at sea that very voyage. Ah, well, in heaven we neither marry nor are given in marriage ! THE END. A new remedy for toothache has been announced, namely, carbolic acid, which is said to be an effectual cure ; and dentists are recommended to apply it to decayed teeth before stopping them. 