THE OPENING OF PAI LIAMEN'. (FProm the Eeoald, 13th inst ) The first session of the fifth Parliament of Victoria was, yesterday, formally innugit rat-J, with all the usual pomp and ceremony, and a little more than the accustomed Jlirli. ness of sucli formal occasions. In the Legi, ]ative Assemnbly, the fir.t to arrive was dMr. Bindon, whose resplendent kids were in marked contrast to the lengthened gaze of melancholy recognition which he cast around the Hou.e, of the improvcnm,.nts upon which the learned tmember for Castleuaine, like Mrs. Cratchit with her CItritrnas pudding, has evidently grave doubts. The second die tinguished visitor was Dr. Etabling, who coumplacently took a seat in the Qppositiont corner, right oppos:te the Speaker's chair, not that tile mlember for Collingwood might be said to belong to the O.pposition, but that ihe was tas distant from the .Mini,terial benches as lie decently could. On entering the Cuuncil-challtber, the Government reporters were grandly visible in their recently-erected box of state, fronting the seats of their humbler br;ethren of the daily press. At this stage of the parliamentury performance there was but little excitement shown; but S w peruons, and only two laudies, were pre a.nt in the gllteries, and for ought anybody could say, it might have been the prelininary mustering for a funeral or a marriage, so Ihushed and painfully respectable were the subdued murmurs and gentle whispers of who was to oppose Sir Francis Murphy or supplant Lalor. The lion. Mr. Turnbull and the hon. Mr. Fraser were now masters of the positior, hut were shortly joined by the libon. Mr. Murphy, osho proceeded to expound an ominous paper which he held in his hand to the hon. Mr. Fraser. Pres ntly the clerk of the Council appeared, and then were ushered in the Chief Justice andt Sir liedmond Barry; the Council present, who now included the Ilrt. lilesrs. Jnner nnd Lowe, being etou Joits of the genuflexious of the gentleman in waiting, wto was great in white gloves, aswrd of statoe, nltd silver buckles. The pro clamation by Sir Chirie D)urliing was then distinctly read, uatl before the clerk hadl fiishfed, thit hlon. Mr. 'Pettett tad taken his plact. ''The other inlcicents now began to arrive, and it sntssoon evident the hon. 3M1r. Miller had ausund ti. 1 ioii-terial responsi hilities formerly undlertaken by Captalint Cole. T'lhe tteertne. o tihe As?.emIbI now crowded in, 11'Culloch, Gratir, andl Frasci consplic:ous in thle van. Amtong the curiau.i groui.itngs miight lIt remarked in clous, ius talpotition the tall tM'Kea, and Irietichardson the small in stature, something like three feet of intirv, nilg space between their respective beads. Slill retailing his seat, Sir Willisrtt Stnwell antinouncedl that tbi.- Governor, fhr sutndry atIl sufficiunt reasont, woull not he presenlt, that they (the Corntais.sine).-) were Iltthlorised to ilappear, and that tile Clerk would read. the proclamation. which hie accordingly dill, while their llonours, the, f-lonourables, sand the mtembers of the Cotm mons house in the brck-ground, till respect llly itod l, . "\Witiews our trusty anil well- belovied," etc., being finitheti, it wase anowfed lthat liis Excellency wouhl declare the r'ia?ons ltr calliitr ParliatmenLt togetfher, next dty, at 2 o'click. In the Asset-bly t cire tall.red al i tolerable ruster on both sides of the Hlouse, ulthough, of course, the Ministerialiets? were largely. in the ascen d; ,t. The ftont Opposition betrgch was tunanted by four ex-Millisters, and the Mliniiterial back bench by foulr new eitri. There was consitlerably more animation there, the galleries b ing well filled and in genern well o-do tair of "doing reumarkiibly well" was ever) w re c.,nnlpicuun. Sir R duaondt Barry having bowed his acknowledmo nts, the Clerk of the Assembly said a protuund ditto to the clerical Burke of the Council; and the tedious proce?s of swearing-in now commenced in earnest- although ,arnestness could not by any means be lpredlictse I of the gentlemen ssorn. Black coats were now seen to be most aff·cted by hon. members, lwhite trousers glit. ned at rare intervals and gorgeous nwaistc.ats were decidely at a discount, while Mr. Bindon's gloves were quite unique. The first batch of four now advanced to the table, took the oath (this time urlike Orpheus Kerr's, aithout a lump of sugar in it) and signed the muster roll. How curiously members sign ! Some bending lowly to the table, othf rs standing almost erect, a few hurriedly, most deliberately, as if making out a cheque for a large amount, and one or two looking far ahead right into next week or the sixth Victorian 'Parliament. Jn-t before the muember for Ararat and the Avoca bhad kissed the book, Ireland came upon the stage as pluckily as ever, quite at home upon these legislative boards, and as self-puasesaed and jolly as in days of yore. Ballaarat East and West then advanced to the swearing post, and were duly followed by the member for Belfa-.t and M'Caw and Another (the associated members of Ea-t Bourke). 'Teere long to tell and something sad to trace the career of the various batches, I but suffice it to state, the swearing-in was I accomplished by five minutes to one of the I Parlimentary clock without any accident of consetueoce, nutwithstanding the remarkable absence of the wary Attorne3-General, and of Messrs. Orr, Foott and Pearson whuw, requite abroad. It was refreshing to witness Mr. J. T. Smith cordially shaking hands with his confreres at the table, although the guffaws from the other side were rather puzzling it p not asnoy ing. In fact, the opposition were I remarkably jubilant. talkative, and confident anl seemed quite unconscious of beini in an nmino ity. Eambling here put on his hat, as in preparations for the storm evidently brew- a ing and about to burst upon Sir Francis " MJurlph. It was eaident that members on the Ministerial side wsere, at this stage, ill at P ease, and not sufficiently at hame to freely resort to the iced water on the table; but the ruoal way inl which the lion of the Assembly " extended his paw to the diminutive of East e Ge. long nwas, at least, reassuring. Laongr eights and short sixes were again exemplified v in the case of M'KSau and owouman, the 2 fortncr of whom seemsd to fraternise for the S day with physical pig,,ries. 13. C. Aspinall P beamingly chose a bran new quill to record his turning over a bran new leaf" in a new ,, Parlian:ent. Macgregor and Francis cordially b embraced, and Iunny led up Sutn ball, whose n attire was perfectly black, not an atom of u i shirt collur being visible from the gallery. y The Commissioner having duly retired, Cap- lI raiu llacMlalfon proposed an adjournment of ti the Hlouse, to which Mr. M'Culloch demarred fo as a quite unusual course. Mr. IBindon here as rose and in a "neat and appropriat." ex tremnely modest speech proposed teat the hun. di ni ,tber for North Grenville do take fe the chair." The itmmaculate digger from the br Ovens (witness the Attorney-General's last ti sp, ech at BIrighton) seconded the motion in sepulchral tones. It is fortunute there will hi still be an exauipllii left In the shape of a cl model ghost to the llsalet of Brooke when hi; F conies out. "Most fit and proper." "re volution," and revolutionary,' we couldhl catch with gr at straining at itnterval.. A Clearly Sir Francis was the politicl nonpareill and the House must willy-nilly have been. P .Mr. .M'Bain, however, as an independent oil member, proposed Mr. Suodgrass, deeming he Sir P. a partiLan and so cn, all amidst the St cheers of the Opposition. Mr. MacMahou n briefly secotrded the nomlinatinn of the meua- le ber fur South Giplps Land. Sir Francis hlrel got upon his legs anu defended his action br before the country, maintaining be had al-. ho ways been put in by party. Fe lie waxed indignant and rejoiced lie had an ke opportunity of defending hiuself. lie did not profess to know the statutory law, but to IB adnminister that of the Parliament. Mr. Jo Snodgrass blamed the late speaker for the lie dead-lock which had occurred, and regretted an the recall of Sir Charles Darling, who was Cn the real sufferer. Sullivan ostentatiously lb replied, and the gallant muember for West " Melbourne returned to the charge, and aptly " compared Sir Francis to the prodigal return- ke ing to his father, the Chief Secretary, and to the former's being made at least a hired by servant, or even clothed in the gorgeous robe is of the Speaker. A dense mist here over- wal spread the Hlouse, the ladies retired from the rih gallery; and the improvement of the ventila- on tion seemed, to say the least of it, doubtful. Pu Sir Francis here put on his hat with as much - issouciance as possible, clearly divining he would catch it at the hands of members now that they had him minus his rod of authority. Mr. Frazer here gave it particularly strong to the late Speaker, and some bon. tmemnbers continued in the same etrain. Indeed, he received a severe wigging, and it seemed at this stage as if all the members had made up their minds to speak. Mr. Gillies lugged in - the vicar of Bray again, and administered a rebuke to a young member, who wished to reply, but ultimately subsided, as gently as a sucking dove. Mr. Levey wished to know the reason why Government supported Sir Francis, why ntumbers, not arguments, should gain him his place, and drew forth all ad niiseri cordiam appeal from the latter to the House. tlr. Ml'Culloch defended the Speaker, and Mesers. BIlunny and Ireland judiciously replied. At length the debate was over, and the clerk declared the "Ayes" in the majority. A division being called for \--52 were for Sir Francis, and 18 against. Being led to the chair by his proposer and seconder, the Speaker bowed his acknowledg mnents, declared lte would forget all the un pleasnitt reminiscences of the day, and treat them all in the future asi good boys. Mr. M'Culloclh's congratulatioins, and Mir. Ire land's promises of good behaviour for his side of the honse, broighlt the proceedings to within ten minutes of 4 o'clock, when the I-louse adjourned till next day at 2 o'clock; the Speaker, and as many members as chose, to be received by his Excellency at I o'clock. It is pretty evident from to-day's transactions that wha.t lorice Walpole a century and a quarter ago would have called the "Broad. bottom" element will not be wanting to the P Legislative Assembly. lIe M 