THE TURF. LAUNCESTON CHAMPION CUP AND ANNUAL It ACE MEETING. Having; so recently published our own report of th;s great annual meet ing, we consider it but lair to now give the opinions of the Special Reporter to the Melbourne Argus The. introduc tory remarks will be found very suggestive, highly interesting, and in some instances fluttering to Tusmanians generally, and to tbe citizens ol Laun cestou in particular. Stewards— Lieutenant-Colonel Home. Captain Steward, Messrs W. Field, W. Bell.T.C. Archer.C. B Hardnicke, J. Lord, J .Scott, Adye Douglas, J. Clarke, Alex. Rose, J. R. Meott, D Smith, Win. Dodeiy, J. Robertson; for Victoria -Mr Hurtle Fiiher; New South Wales Mr W. McQuade. Judge - Mr W. Dodery. Starter - Mr J.is Lord. This meetiiig commenced on uesday, tbe 6tb iust. mid was continued the two following days (Joining so boon after the late highly euccesslul gathering on the Flemiiigton course, it has naturally suf fered somewhat in the interest created, especially with reference to the most im poriaut event, the Champion Cup, wnicb. was considerably shorn of its attractions in consequence of Victoria mid New South Wales each having but one repre sentative The gnat TutTiijj.m was an. absentee and hmic could not revisit the scene (if his for 'er tiiuiuph ; hu that, on. tbe whole, i lie Tasmauiaii horses had the meeting pretty well to themselves. It spp.iki well, however, fur the enterprise and liberality of the spoilsmen of Tas immii that they have offered such a handsome bonus :is £5mO iu the Cham pion Cup ; and the original entry gave promise of a i utter contest for the rich stake thitn tin: event Iims realised. They must be congritiiU ed however, this time on the fa t that tlie prize has beeu won. by a TasuiHiit in bred horse .1 son of their former ch.vupioii, Tumi', mid this will no doubt c'.nsi.leiably enhance that animals reput itiuu ;uj .i 4re. But it in only I iir to tbe -i orisoieu of New South Wales to stite, th it their bailie represen tative, Volutititr, was quite unfit to run. a three-mile no. and th.it virtually he was never io tin; Ntruisgle froui the moment the ilii. toll. Tlie meeting of. such burses as Ian-agon. Volunteer, and Paui', with the n^t I. loud of Tasmania, was a cnisum o ui -u. however devoutly to be wi-heJ, li.o.lly to be expeted after what has taken place dining the past, season, both in Victoria and New South Wales. So tli .1. h'nvever Micecssful up to a certain point tlin ('haiii|iioii Meeting has been ii can .-carcely come up to the recognized vie-v ol what sir h an event should lie, wli.ii the only real opponent the Titsiuaiiuti horses encountered was Mr Fisher's in. ire the Rose - if Denmark, who on this ouc.ii.iou proved herself a far better animal than most persons hod. hitherto imbued her to be On onr arrival at lyi- n e.sti n early on Monday, by the Black . -«an, after a teoi ms and rough passage, we lound the old town showing little symptoms of the bustle and excitement which usually herald the Champion week ; and except m the neighbourhood ??( the Brisbane Hotel, the heal quarters of the sporting .mil betting fraternity, the t ?wu w..re us usual quiet aspca l(y thu liR.k Swuu ilso arrived Mr Hurtle Fishes ami his presence on the scene of action caused the Rose to be more 'inquired after ; the owner of the marc expressing his conviction that, bar ring Volunteer, he did not fear anything in the rai-e— an opinion which subsequent, events proved to be nearly correct. Several members of the ring also arrived by the same !--at, and speculation on the great i«ce was in consequence Miniewhat brisker. There was, however, more talk than business, the islanders not display ing much spirit in backing their fancies. The Sydney era -k, in fact, had spoilt the betting, being backed at evens a ;aiiisttbe field. I'he only other horses in demand were Ben Bolt, Strop, and the Hose, but the investments eu either of then were to a limited extent. There wets all sort* of rumours Afloat about Volun teer ; some good judges that bad seen the horse lately alnriniug be would go In alone, whilst others would have it he was shin-sore and lame. Ono individual went so far as to offer to take a long Bhpt about bis getting placed. Bon Holt bad many friends, whilst the actual winner WM not backed to any extent; although it was known by a select few that the horse bad hod a very favourable trial, still it was not considered that he was in hands sufficiently capable of bringing out & horse in condition good enough for a severe tureo-mile'race ; and very little was got out of him. Just previous to the start his owner offered to tike ten to one in thousands, without any response. With the exception ot the abovementioned horses, roost of the other candidates were friendless ; and, on the whole, a vorge betting race was never known. Tuesday, the Cop day, was, of course, observed as a general holiday. For some time pre viously the little town bad received a con siderable accession to its population. Al though not all the visitors were attracted by the races. The hotel accommodation mi, consequently, severely tested, and the carnival week must have brought iu a good stroke of business. His Excel lency the Governor had arrived, and taken up his quarters at the Launceston Hotel ; and the ' upper ten' of Tasmania were well represented on the course on the opening day. The dry weather which had been experienced on the continent for bo long had extended to the island, so that tjo fears were entertained respecting the -weather, which was splendid, al though a good fall of rain would have doiio the course much good, as it was as hard as iron. If Tasmania cannot boast of bhmIi in the shape of commerce and business, sue can pride herself on posses ?ing one ot the most prettily situated towns in the southern hemisphere. Placed. Mi the south bank of the Tamar, and sur idunded on two sides by pictnresquely wooded heights, whilst in the distance cultivated land stretches far away, intor aperaed with villa residences and pretty gardens, Launceston is a place which has & most refreshing aspect to those just arrived from the burut-up withered lands of the continent The tight little island has great attractions, independently of racial, which must ever make it a fa vourite summer resort for Victorians, and thus render a champion meetiug, in more than one sense, always deserving of their notice Of the coune as a running ground, little can be said in its favour ; but it is very prettily situated, about a mile or more from the town. The view from it is charming in the extreme, and embraces the Tamar on the right, '.Ike city in the distance, with the high ranges as a back ground. It a right-handed course, a little over a niilo round, narrow, with a sharp j tarn directly after the start, and on the i far side there is a dip or hollow, in which the horses are almost entirely concealed from view. The run in is pretty fair ; but it is to be regretted that a better course is not obtainable. The stand is capable of holding some 500 persons ; but from the upper tier, ex cept in the front row, no view of the run ning is obtainable. A few hints from the secretary of the V.R.C. might be of some benefit, when a new structure is decided on. The races on Tuesday were fixed for one o'clock, and Brisbane and St John- ( streets from an early hour gave evidence that the principal portion of the popular | tion of the city was bent on visiting the coarse. Coaches and cars were in great: demand, and the primitive vehicles still in exiftence were heavily freighted with OBOupinta. Great numbers walked out, and during the entire day probably from three to four thousand spectators were present to witness the great race. To those conversant with 'Melbourne meet ings the scene was tame enough ; nor were there any special features in the first day's racing to call for particular comment, apart from the unexpected de- j feat of tljo favorite for the (Jbampion. The Maiden Plate brought out an average field of horses ; and Whisker scored the first win, but nominally only for the sta ble that was destined to be so lucky dur ing the day, as he is the property of Mr O'Ooanor. Qladiateur is a fine big colt, bat he ran raw and unkindly. The Two year-old stakes had but three runners : ' and considerable amusement was created in the saddling paddock by the capers of Nimblefoot, who got loose and jumped over the Commissioner, who wisely went to ground, although be had just previous- 1 ly struck a blow, by laying seven to five ; against the colt. The Boiardo filly, that won, is a fine taking filly ; bnt had Nim- j blefoot been well ridden he could hare reversed the judge's decision, as be lost a I hundred ycrda iu the start. All interest ' WBi, of course, centered in the Champion, i ?n&jK;&en; the candidates onttna the saddling {paddock their condition was clOBtlj' semtittiged. The Boss seemed 0 take most, although she looked full big ; but she was, as usual, full of life and fire, and those who remembered her for some time averred that they had never seen her look better. Cadland had greatly improved on his Melbourne form. Four finer looking iiorsoB than Strop, Cotb«r stouo, Saxby, and Self- reliance could not be desired ;und beside them even Volun teer looked small. Cotherstone is « big, loose -framed animal, whilst Strop has no thing particularly taking about him ; he seemed, however, in the best condition of the lot. Volunteer, as he was led about by Ashwortb, was 'the observed' of all, and ilia appearance- certainly did not tend to diminish the confidence of his support ers, although, be walked ratber tenderly; it was not, however, until he took his preliminary canter that the bubble bursty and it became apparent that his chance this time was hopeless, however gamely he might struggle to tue last. The suc cess of Strop was hailed with tremendous cheering, «gain and again renewed ; and the fortunate jockey was hoisted aloft on the shoulderj of -the crowd, receiving quite an ovation, Ben Bolt and the Rase also came in for a demonstration ; whilst poor Volunteer, as he pulled up on three legs, could scarcely hobble back again to the paddock. It was a regular field-day, audno mistake,' when Kildare, a neat - looking horse, and the undefeated hero of many races, cantered in an easy winner of the Tavern Hate; uoue of the others, a moderate-looking, lot including Gladia tour, with Cbifuey on his back this time, having the ghost of a chance with the bay gelding. A thousand to twenty were offered against him for the Melbourne Cup directly afterwards. The last race was a walkover ; and the course was soon cleared, every one getting back to town in capital time, THK MA1DEK PLATE, Of 30 sovs. Once round the coarse. For all horses that have never won public money. Weights :— 3 yrs old, Sst. : 4 yrs old, 8fit. lSlb. ; 5 yrs old, 9st Olb. ; 6 yrs and aged, lOst, Entrance 2 sovs. Mr \V. Field's gr e Whisker, by Bloomtbony, 6 -'!T, SSt !Jjb(WiDUTB) _ ? I Mr John Held us gr g MaFaqnita, I yrs, Sit Sib, (Davis) ? 2 Hi' T. W. Hcl(fi Ijr li Paddy's Load, - j-r«, 8st9!b (Wll) ? 3 Mr N. H. Harrlitm's b a OMlntcur, 3 yre, sst (Nelwo) Mr Wm. Field's ft g The Slioarcr, - yrs, Sit olb (Uoxall) Mr J. Qnigloy-n br m Baby, 6 yn, Ost nib (rarr) Mr P. Walsh 'e b ra Hallway Lass, 6 yrs, «st lllb -W«!«I.) Betting- 6 to 1 agst Whisker ; 7 to 4 agst Maraqmta ; 4 to 1 agst Gladiateur. At the second attempt there was a straggling 'start, Gladiateur getting off badly and running unkindly. At the far side of the course Whisker took a decided lead, Maraqnita second ; and in this order they came to a straight run in, where Paddy's Land drew up, and a good race ensued for second place, Whis ker whining easily. Time, 2imn, 4sec, THE TOO VEA.E-01D STAKES, Of SO sovs., with sweep of 20 sovs. added ; 6 sovs forfeit, Weight 7 st 71b One mils. Mr T. W. Field's b ( SUyllowar, by Bolarto, Vst 41b (Chifney) ? 1 Mr .1. Lord's b g KimWcfool, lit -lb (Owen) ... 3 Mr Win. Field's 1) c Ptgantai, 1st Tit) (Davis) ... 3 Betting— 7 to 5 agst Nimblefoot ; 2 to 1 agst Mayflower. In the saddling-paddock Nimblefoot bucked and threw his rider, getting loose, but was caught without doing far ther mischief, A very bad start took place, Nimblefoot being almost left be hind. Chifney took advantage of the start, made play at a good pace. On emerging from the dip, Nimblefoot hid made up some of bis lost ground, and gained considerably, but could never get on terms with Mayflower, the Boiardo filly winning hands down. Time, Itnin. 56scc. me ot am rioN cup. Of BOO sovb, with svreep of 30 sovb ; half forfeit. The second horse 100 sovs, and third 60 sovs from the stokeB. Weights i—3 yrs, 7st ; 4 yrs, 8st 6lb ; C yrs, Ost ; 6 yrs and aged, 9st Sib, Three miles, Mr W. Field's b g Strop, by runic, « yrs, Sst 31b I (Winters) ? 1 Mr a. Ly«U'6 r g Dan Dolt, aged, (st 21b (lfot . ton) ? 2 Mr llarlle Fbbv'i oh ni Boss of Denmark, 6 yn, ; Sst i lib (Goodman) ,„ ? 3 , Mr Wm. Heidi b g OaJUnd, 4. yn, set 31b (T. Waldock) ! Mr T. W. Helta b h Saxby, 4 yrs, tot 61b (P. ! 0411) : Mr T. W. HoW'. bl li Scir-roltucc, t yn, 8it 61b (Dowoi) Mr T. B. CUrittri. br h Cothcntooe, t yn,eatriet \ ut aHj(Barpui) Mr Join Hela't b ta UihraUt, 4 yn, tot 611) i (OaUt) !9IrJ..ITt»:i'btb Votaatwr, tfol, tit Kb (Alb. Betting—Evan on Volunteer agst the field, .100 to 12 agst Strop, 100 to lfi^gst the Rose j the same agst Ben Bolt and Saxhy. Nothing else backed. The flag fell after two attempts, about a quarter past three. Cadland immedi ately went to the front, Volunteer and the llose being the last to get off. The latter, however, very quickly ran through her horses, and took a commanding lead, cuttiog out the work at a good pace. Be hind Uadlaud were Mabratta, Selfreli ance, and Saxby. At the stand the Rose was still leading, Cadland second, Ben Bolt third, Cotherstone and Saxby close up ; Volunteer next, then Maharatta, Sjelf-reriance last. When ncaring the dip the second time the race was confined to three horses— the Eose, Ben Bolt and Strop, nothing else having a chance. The Rase kept her lead the second time round, pulling double— evidently having overmastered her jock ; Bon Bolt second, Strop biding his time. After the three had passed the stand the second time, Strop passed Beu Bolt and drew up to wards the Hose, who nevertheless Kept her lead until emerging from the dip, when Barney Whiter administered one or two sharp cuts with the whip to Strop, and the hocse immediately shot forward, collared, and passed the mace easily. This was about half a mile from home, and from thence the race was never in doubt, Strop galloping on, and winning with the greatest ease. The toare might have Beoured second honours, but Ben Bolt came with a rush, and beat her on on the post by half a length — the lad be ing evidently caught napping. Saxby was fourth, and Cotherstone filth. Time 5min. 54 Bee. THE TA.VEBN PLATO, Of 40 sovs. Weights :— 3 yrs., Sst 41b. : 4 yrs., 8st I2lb ; 5 yrs., 9st 91b ; 6 and aged, lOBt. Two miles. Sr T. W. Fle!d's bg Kildare, by EsplaUafe, aged, 98t lllb (P. Gill) ? 1 Mr J. Snlcei'i b e Barcy, agod, Bit lllb (Ben. nclt) ? 2 Mr n. D. Pan's bra Doctptlon, t S're, sit lib (Put, Jen) ? 8 Mr II. X. Uarrison'e b c Gladlatcur, 0 yrs, Sit 41b (Chifney) Mr Wm. Field's grg The Sheerer, ( yn, Sst «lb (Ooxall) Mr John Field's b e Kingfisher, C yrs, 9st lllb (Davis) Mr J. Qoigleyt br m Dtby, « yn, Sst lllb (Sonus) Betting.— 5 to 4 on Kildare; nothing else backed. After a pretty good start, Barcy got off with a good lead, which he maintained once round, but on sufferance only, Kil dare evidently biding his time. Ncaring the dip on the second round the latter went up to liarey, passed him, and ran in easy winner. Time, 3mia. SSsec. trk ladies' rUESE, Of 30 aorc. Distance, two miles. Weights— 3 yrs, 9st 4lb ; 4 yrs, lOst 71b ; 6 yrs, Ilst7lb; fi yrs and aged, 12st. Mr T. W. Field's bl b Self. reliance, 5 yrs, lOjt Jib ? (walkorcr) foddy's Laud was entered, but was scr.ucbcd. * This finished the first day's sport. 