BENCH OF MAGISTRATES. MOKDAT, DECEMBEB 24. Present— Sir J. H Fisher (Chairman), Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., S. Tomkinson, J.P., R. B. Colley, J.P., and Inspector Hamilton. ATjJGCBNED QUABTEBLT LICENSING MEETING. TRANSFERS. Robert Hart (deceased), to Emma Hart, the Teatree Gully HoteL Teatree Gully. Granted. James Saunders, to August Klauer, the Clarendon Hotel, Hindley-street. Mr. Bundey supported the application. In this case it appeared that a person named Byrne received a licence for the Clarendon Hotel and after wards transferred it to Saunders, but did not hand over the licence to Saunders. The Bench objected to grant the application of Klauer in the absence of the licence but Mr. Bundey argued strongly that to all intents and purposes the. licence was lost and destroyed, and would come under the 46th clause respecting lost licences, for Mr. Byrne had gone to Melbourne, and they could not obtain the licence from him. The Bench did not think the case came at all within the 46th clause, and said they could not grant the application. The owner of the propertv would he the proper person to apply. Mr. Bundey withdrew his application. Charles Lewin, deceased, to Elizabeth Lewin, Green Dragon Hotel, South -terrace. Mr. Parker appeared for the applicant Granted. Ruth Hall to Eliza Sander, the Gresham Hotel, King William-street. Granted. Eliza Ellen Sander, to Charles Robert Jones, the White Hart, Hindley-street. Granted. Thomas Mitchell, to James Prior, the Fanners' Home, Hamilton. Granted. Official Assignee of Frances Ryan, to William Berkenshaw, City Bridge Hotel, Hindley-street. This application had been sent in since the quarterly meeting, of which this was an adjournment, and the Bench declined to consider any new matter, telling the applicant that he might carry on with all risks under a magistrate's order until tha March meeting. The application was withdrawn. NEW HOUSE. William. Hitch, Meningie HoteL Lake Albert Penin sula, ^ In this case a Police report was read, stating that the rooms were very small The Bench refused the application, giving Hitch liberty to apply again next March. Thomas Stewart, the Scotch Thistle, Portland Estate. Mr. Cullen supported, and Mr. Andrews opposed the application, Mr, Andrews asked that the application might be dis missed, on the ground that the plans had not been deposited in time. The Bench refused the application, with liberty to apply next quarter. John Wiuch, Sussex Arms, Port Adelaide. Mr. Edmunds supported the application, which was granted. SLAUGHTERING LICENCE. Wm. Mitchell, Section 112L Granted. Nicol McCaul, Section 91, Hundred of Caroline. Granted. J. Lynn, Hundred of Caroline. Granted. G«o. Janeway, Hundred of Caroline. Granted. SUSTENANCE FEES. Mr- Oullen, applied on behalf of Benjamin Bates, Poundkeeper, of Wallaioo, for permission to charge extra fees for sustenance. The Bench granted the application. The Evils of Drunkenness.— Dr. Forbes Winslow, in. a. second letter to the Pall Mall Gazette, urges the terrible physiological evils brought about by drunken ness. Like begets Kke, he says, and drunken parents too often, transmit their brutalising habits to their ogs^ujng. A large percentage of cases oi crime and insanity arise from the same cause. Thus, in Berlin, every third case of insanity is attributed to drunken ness. Dr. Winslow tells a sad story of a patient of his, endowed with great abilities, who took to brandyand water drinking, dvinting fifteen glasses at a sitting, and then twftbling like a beast into bed. He knew that 1\6 v?a.s destroying himself, but he had lost tha powesorwiu, ana cued a miserable death. Once,' says Dr. Winslow, 'the passion for drink obtains tha mastery over the will, vain will be the efforts of rela tives and friends to prevent the vinomaniac from obtaining access to stimulants, so long as be is per mitted to remain at large.' He then goes on to men tion cases of the all-absorbing power of the passion for drink, most of which ar© very old to the social re formers, but which none the less they -will rejoice to see brought before a class of persons who do not com monly; pay attention to this Subject, and are rather apt io seofr at those who do. Nine tailors make a man ; one man makes two jokes ; two jokes make one laugh ; one laugh makes a noise ;. a noise makes one angry ; any one angry makes me go out of the room and say ' Good-night.' Snooks, having an eye to th© notorious falsehood of epitaphs, thinks the legibility of old tombstones is the best proof that the.re are no ghosts : if there were they would in disgijsj rub out the inscriptions ! Why- is a lawyer like a restless man? Because he Uea on one side, then turns round and. Jtes on the other, &ncj;[ is ' wide awake all the time,' 