SEMIRAMIDE AT THE THEATRE ROYAL. The history of Seiniramis, Queen of tho Assyrians, as handed down to ns, is of sufficiently romantic character to interest the most indifferent reader. Said to be the daughter of the goddess Derceto, who, chagrined at giving birth to a son, threw her self into a pond and was changed into a fish, she was, after her birth, exposed in a desert, but her life was preserved by dovea a whole year, until found by ouo of the shepherds of Ninus, who brought her up as his own child. When grown np, Semiramis married Menones, tho Governor of Nineveh. He hanging himself, N'mus the King of Assyria, demanded her for his wife. By him che had a son, called Ninyas. Slaying her husband, in order to gain solo power, she was pro claimed Empress of Assyria. She then began to rebuild the capital of her empire (Babylon), and through her it beoame the most superb city of the world. Bat sho ontortained an nucon quorabla and unnatural passion for her son, and this induced him to destroy her with his own hands, and she was lchnnged iuto a dove. It is fr.pm the latter epitoJo in her history that Rossini has taken the plot of his opera of ' Semi ramide,' now being performed at the Theatre Royal with considerable success. Unlike other of this great composer's works, the opera is markad by a severity of grandeur whioh, in this colony at least, where the number of musical people is cir cumscribed, is not likely to make it what may bo termed popular. Rossini wrote for a school of artistes now nearly extinct; and his florid style, whioh is fully developed in many of the concerted pioce3 in the opera, hardly finds apt expression at the hinds of modem singers. Still, ho has thrown enough of that softly beau tiful music, for which he is so famous, into some of tho roles, to somewhat tone down, tho impros sion creatod by tho solomaity of tho scenes in the temple. ' Semiramide' was first produced during the Venetian carnival of 1823, and tha next year saw it transplanted to tha English stage. In tho follow ing year it achieved a great success, and sinca then has held a position on the boards of all the opera houses of Europe. O,ving to the very difficult na ture of the music, it has never before been produced in the colony ; and, wo believe, Mr Lystor has hid it in rehearsal for some months. One very enjoyable feature, aa it is now presented to us, is the completeness with which tho orchestral portion of the opera ia performed. The choruses of tho priests in tho Temple of Belus wero also very excellently rendered. The scenery, really grand, has all been painted for the occasion. The interior of tho temple, tho view of Babylon, and the gardens of Semiramia, aro all excellent in their way, and recall 7ividly to mind the grand decoration of that great revival of Mr Brooke's ' Sardonapalus.' Babylon is, of courso, tho city in which the scene is laid. At tho opening of the opera, Semiramide is just about to name the successor to her throno. Her preforenco for Arsace (or Ninyas), whom she is snppoaed by the author not to know as her son, leaiU her to wish for his appointment. He has a rival, however, in the person of Assur, a power ful noble. Tho coremony is put a stop to by thunder and lightning, and, for tho time, the appointment is deferred. Afterwards, however, she names Arsace, and, at the same time, intimates that she reserves for him a higher honor— that of being tbo possessor of herself. This intelligence does not please either the fortunate youth himself who has already plighted his troth to another, or Assur, who has ambitious views of his own he wishes to gratify The decision of the Queen is hardly made public, when darkness comes upon the scene, aocompanied by vivid flashes of lightning. Out of the darknoss comes the ghost of the royal Ninus* A scene ensues be tween the Queen and Assur, and the latter then threatens her that he will denounce her to the priests and tho populace. The high priest of the temjhef Belu?, Oroe, imparts to Arsace, (who had been sent by Assur to Soythia when an infant, and brought np there in ignoranco of his real position), the secret of hia birth, and ut once forms the resolution of revenging the manes of his father. After this disolosura the young prince is crowned. Then, obeying the command of the royal shade, he proceeds to the tomb of Ninus, and there unwittingly kills his mother instead of Assur. Discovering his mistake, on the entrance, of the irie&te;, he falls senseless into the arms of the high priest, and the curtain descends. At the Rcyal tha cast is es follows : — Arsace, Miss Georgia Hodson ; Oroe, Mr J. E. Kitts ; Idreno, Mr Armes Bean moct ; LOmhra di Nino, Mr Sntcliffe ; Assur, Mr Henry Wharton ; Semiramide Madame Lucy Escott. Madame Escott, as tho guilty queen, acted with a. il !gree of power not equalled in any of her other ctaraoters ; nor was she less successful in her vocal— isstion. The solo 'Dolce pensiero' was beautif ally sung, as well as the following duet with her son, ' Serbami ognor.' In the grand duet which ? closes the third act, ' Giorno orore, ' her voice harmonised well with tho mellow tones of the contralto. Miss Hodson was thw Arsace, and she has in it a role which suits her ad mirably. Indeed, we have never Been her to greater advantage than in this opera. Mr Wharton improved considerably on the secomd night of the opora, and. now thiows into tbe ninsic of his p*rt, Assur, all thm requisite forco. Mr Beaumont, though ho does nafc figure conspicuously in the story of tho opera, has one of the most delicious bits in it to his share — ' Ah dov'e il cirnento' — which, he sung with groat tasto and expression. Mr Kitta has o 'idently bestowed somo pains on the part oC Oroe, the priest, and, as it is not a very prominent one, he deservos credit for so doing. The costume* of all tho principals wero strikingly beautiful, as well as in some degree correct, and tho habiliments of the chorus were on a par with them. Mr Lyster deserves every considera tion for his endeavor to familiarise the nublia with this tho greatest work of the greatest mastoc of the age ; nnd it is to be hoped that those who hnve a tiste for music will show it now. It is not pleasant to havo to state, but it is truo, that last night the attendance was not what might have been expected when it is remem bered that the days of tho season are numbered1^ I'orhaps tho excitement attendant ou electioneering matters may have something to. do with this paucity of attendance; but, be this as it may, the encourage- ? tnent given to the spirited manager of tho Royal during tho present season has not been such as might have been expected. ' Semiramide' is an nounced for repetition this evening. 