Î SUMMARY OF NEWS,' ' Í Frost the 25tii Junk, 18G13, to th» 25th July, 1860. r The twentieth annual meeting of tho .Gardeners' and Amateurs' Horticultural Society w s held on the 85th ult.. at the Thatched House Tavern, Argyle- street, Mr. Johnson in tho chair. The report was read, stating among other things that the committee believed the tima lud arrived for tho formation of a Pomológica! Society. In rofei once t" the agricultural branch, the committee thought it doürublo to divest tho society of that feature. Acknowledgments wore expressed to Sir. Abbott, Super- intendent of the Royal .Society's Gardens, for sending; pi nits and Oowcis to shows for exhibition, and to the Judges. During the year there hud been 223 paying visitors, and 300 visits of mourners and their familia«. The cash ii,'count showed receipts £9811s. 2d., und about that sum was expended. The committee for tho ensuing year was appointed, with Mr. Johnson, Treasurer ; Mr. W. Cult, Hon. Secretary ; and Mr. W. Potterd, Collec- tor. On the morning of tho 25th ult. a farewell service took place on board tho Missionary ship John Williams. A number of ministers of various denominations, and-a large assemblage of members of different churches and congregations wero present on tho occasion. Prayers wore offered, hymns were sung,and the Revs. G. Clarke, C. Price (of Launceston) mid J. P. Sunderland delivered addresses, tho latter reverend gentleman expressing his acknowledgments for tho sympathy^ kindness, _ and liberality shown to the missionaries during their visit; ' Tub Governor has appointed Robort Power, Esq.,' to be Usher of the Black Rod, vacant by the demise- of Major Fiaser ; and Georgo Smith, Esq., to lie Sergennt- nt-Arms, in tho room of Robert Power, Esq., promoted. To take effect from the 1st of July. ' ' The Governor has directed tho name of Rodham Hu Ike Douglas. Esq., to be erased from the Commission of the Pence, nt his own request. Towards tho latter end of Juno the Melton Mowbray beagles, under the command of Peter Dalton, had' » merry run after kangaroo, near Oatlands. The " field" consisted of about 30 gentlemen, and " a well-known young lady," who was loudly cheered on clearing soma of the fonces. 'i Tub annual competition for medals and other, prises given for elocution at the Hobart Town Academy, Mr. Gairnduff, Principal, took placo on the 26tb ultimo in tho presence of tho parents and friends of the pupils, Tno silver medal was awarded to Master Lovell,. and book prizes to Masters Webb, Swinton, J. Taylor, wal J. Wilson. The chair was occupied by the bon. J. M. Wilson. Esq., who with Henry Cook, Esq., and Mr. Cox wero tho adjudicators. Tlia Chairman and John Foster, Esq., promised £5 each, to be appropriated to prizes at tho midsummer competition. Tin: onterUiiumoiit foi- tho members of the Workiig Man's Club, and tho visitors, ou tho 2(ith ultimo, ,«» the Borea school-room, wits of au attractive untura, '.in tho shape of Dramatic Headings, which iu the hands.of tho ludios and gentlemen who assisted could not fail .ta deservo tho plaudits, frequeut and hearty, which wara elicited. ,,.. » Tin: Rov. R. D. Harris has distinctly denied a rumor, which bud obtained circulation to tho effect that he was au applicant for the hoad-mastorshir» of th« Sydney Grammar-school. ThjsJwus hailed with satisfaction.,by. tiloso interested in the welfare of tho High School,,,- , Tun New Town . Philharmouio Society hold their secoud concert for the season ou the 26th ult.,,at til«) Queen's Orphun Asylum. Tho influenza and the weather provontod a numerous attondauco, but the programma was gone through under the couductorship of Mr. Tap. field, and elicited much applause and Viveral encore«. Tho music wus well ehoson, and equally woll rendered. On tho 27th ult. one of the scanlon belonging to the Storm Bird, which arrived from Lauucostou, had one.of his hands sovorely jammed by a plank which he waa assisting to nut on shore, two of the fingers being neatly taken off. Ile was taken to tho general hospital, witera tho injuries were duly attouded to. On tho 27th ult. an inquest was held by Mr. A., B. Janes, coronor, touching the death of a, man named Charles Miles, a messenger at Port Arthur, who «jh found dead in n yard behind the Shades Tavern, Old Wharf. It appeared that tho roan had boen drinking hurd since his arriva,! in Hobart Town, and the jury re- turned a verdict qf¡-Died from sanguineous apoplexy occoloratod by oxcessivo drinking. The deceased had) deposited with Mr. Stone, landlord of Lloyd's Hotel, cheques and molloy to tho amount of £32 12s. M., which wero produced at tho iuquest. / On tho 27th ult. a salo of Crowu Lauds, took pisco at tho Alliance Rooms, Mncquirrio-siroot, by Mr. Burn, noting for Mr. Worloy. 'iho$o waa a vory pool; nttendiinco, not exceeding twenty, including about four persons from tho country. Township, agricultural and pastoral » lauda Wero submitted, but only two lot« (?igriau.ltu.rnl) wero bought, liuinoly :-County of Buck«, Parish of Sutherland, lot 4029,22 acron % roods and 28 pevelics.sold at tho upset price, £29, to, Mr. J. A. Dunn, and county of Monmouth, Parish of Yarlington, lot 3554, 102 acres, upset price, £35, knocked down to. If. Butlor, nt £65. ., . A LUTTliij has been received hy a tiadosmnn in town froi\\) tho Quartoi'.Muster of tho detachment of tho 14th Regiment, now under order« for this port, stating that tho dotaobinent will arrive hera about the milbillo of July. i < The infUicuziv has beon moro thau usually prevalent. this year, attacking moro violently tho aged than «he young. Our medical mon liavo been tully occupied, and as tho season wears on, tho malady will no doubt subside, mid finally disappear. Wo have not heard, of any decidedly fatal cases. At a meeting of the Hospital Board un tho 20th ult. tho following daily stato of tho hospital was read : ?Malo division, 90 ; fonude : sick, ¡¡7 ; ¡uvalids, 6¡r¡ children in, nursery, 7; total, 91»; graud total, 1WJ. Co)!crï(Zo«.~-Fro6 to the colony, 67 ; ditto by servitude. 112; children, 7 ; total, ISO. J/iiirfs-Colonial, 171 ; Imperial, 9; paying fees, C; total, 186. ReUpion.-Epi». copulmns, x17 ; Roman Catholics, 54 ; Prosbytoriaas^ 8; Independent,!; Baptist,!; Wes!oyanB,4; Jew, lj total, 186. ' No jurors wore summoned for the Court of Requests] this month, in the £30 jurisdiction, there nat hum} «, singlo caso on the sheet. The works of, tho Union Quartz Crushing Company , aro progressing nioio satisfactorily. Tho ¡'results of the. hist washings nie better, averaging about three anda. half penny weights to the ton ; and if the reof continue« to yiold in t'ae samo proportion it is probublo that the, shareholders will ero long get soino of thoir money back; in the blinpe of a dividend. On Saturday afternoon, tho 30th ult,, Mr. Graves mefc tho electors resident nt Kiugston, pursuant to.adver'J|ie< meut, at tho Kingston Hotel, in order to oy-¡,'m¡¿ jj^ causes of his rise and fall «t tho late fitsctioi» for tha Huon. Aniong the gautlomon present wore Meurs. JJilliainsqn, J.R, DJr.áinith.;trlill Luctts, Tonkin, J. l.,Ç»ptn,mEishcr, WultüD, a"d othors. Tho learned gentloman addressed the meetiug at great length, narra- ting the history of his lato candidature, and pointing out the means by which it bud resulted in failure. A full report of Mr. Gravcs's speech, and of tho ultimate pro. ooedings of tho mooting, will bo found in our issue of the 2nd iuitnnt. . A KEWAiiD of Ë100 has been offered for the conviction of tho person «r persons, who sot fli-o mid destroyed' » stack of hay ou tho 25th of May last, tho property of Mr. Hoheit Blyth, SliiubenO, Sorell. ÏHE Govoruor has appointed Mr. Howland Davies as tho pot-sou authorised to operóme, at Port Cygnot, the powers and authorities vested in tho Colouial Treasurer by tho 29th Viet, No. 1 The GovQir.or lins appointed John Rowland Koo,Esq., tis a member of the Board of Warks for tho Municipality of Oatlands. ' ¡ i Henry Gamblx, of Westbury, Esq., boing a Council- lor of tho Uurnl Muuioipality of Westbnry,|hns boon ap- pointed by His Excellency tho Governor to ben Justice of tho fttuco in and for tho Rural Municipality of Wo«-* bury (luring his continuance in otüco us Councillor of thai ?Muqioipality. TliElus was a orowdodrooin at tho Borea school-house on the evening of tho 3rd instant, wlion Mr. F. Packer Cavo his musical entortainracnt entitled "Suuboumsuul Shadows." The outortainment comprised a uumber'of piunoforto selections mid sougs, which wei-o well reudored and loudly applauded throughout. The lecture at the Articled Clerks' Association, meet- ing on tho 3rd instant was delivered by O. S. Casad«!*, lisq., on ''Tho. Language and Construction of Leg>l Instruments.'' Tho chair wus ocenpiod by W. CJjbiln, Esq" and thora was n full attendance of mein.V¿rs. The lecturo was an interesting and inatruotiVo one, and waa attentively ligtenodto, a voto of thinks being accorded to tho lecturer at its oloso. St. Mary's Cathedral, Hairingtau-stroot, Hobart Town, was formally oponed ou the 4th instant, wh«a solemn high muss waa porformod by tho Right Rev. Bishop Murphy, assisted by most of the clorgy of the diacosa, and by the Might Itov. Dr. Shiel, Bishop-elect of Adelaide. Tho «orvicos of tho day comnienoed at ' 8 «.ni., whor, the Very Rev. the Vicar-Uonoral, Dr. Hall, assisted, by a number of tho clergy, attended at the Ciithodrul ami blessed it, After «onie impo«iug cere- monials, and following high muss, tho Right Rov. Dr. Shiel delivered the opouiug sei mon ; a collection waa then mudo, and tho services wero concluded by tho ohoir singing the To Donm. Duriug tho service a forty days,* indulgence waa grantod. Arra; the opening of St. Mary's Cathedral a special council wau hold by the Uomaii Catholic Bishop, at bia reahlonco, Alncqunrio.strc.ot, when the f oUowiug appoint- ments wero maiio :-Clio ltuv. Dr. Butler, senior priest nt Luuucoston,to be Demi of Launceston, mid Muster of Conferences for that district; the Rov. Father Dunne, of Richmond, to bo Archdeacon ; tho Rev, Father MoGuire, of Port Arthur, to bo Donn of the Cathedral. During pructioo on Tuesday evening, tho 3rd instant, tho gautlomon foi ming " Tho Trinity Amateur Ringiag Association" thrice rung n complote live boll peal under the leadership of Mr. Churlos Maldingo. Tho first and socoml pouls wero mug consecutively. Each peal, whi«h comprised one- hundred and twenty changes, ia termed Grnnilsiro Doubles on the half-pull system of changa ringing with the tenor bell closing. Kvou one peal, similar to tho poals in question,! had not previously been accomplished by amateurs in tho colonies. > On tho 4th instant a dramatic reading wus gives at the school-room, Uppor Goulbui n-strcot, of Colo»«»'» comedy of '"¡'ho Poor Gentleman," when there waan good attoiiilnnco of members of tho Association and i visitors. The outartninment passed off with spirit, and to tho manifest satisfaction of tho audiouco. A dramatic eiitcrtaiiimout wus givou on tho 4th lust. at DulSnito's Rooms by Air. Russell's amateur com- pany. I'lnuchu's vaudeville " Faint Ho irt Never Won Fair Lady " and tho " Fast Ïmin," with an interlude of u «lillico iu character, comprised tho bill of faro, which was sustained with percisiou und stage effect, such as to bo worthy of samo of our piofcssionnl companies. Tha music was appropriate, mid woll porformod. Timm» was a vory numerous nttendanoa at Ula Mechanics' Institute on tho ovoning of tim 5th initant, when tho second concert, under the leadership of Mr. F. A. Packer, was givou hy goutlemou amateurs. The programma comprised a iminbar of vory choice selec- tions, all of which woro rendered in a highly creditable manner, tho audience expressing their appreciation of tho several efforts bv hearty demonstrations of upplauaew Tup sqcond of n series of huge rotorts required for tha works of tho Pyrollgnito Company was cast ou the 6th instant nt tho foundry of Messrs. Chiik, iu Collina. stioot. The work was psifnimod in presouoo of H. Hopkins, Ksq , junr., mid Mr. Woavor, directors of the «unpanv, Mr. Hooka'the «>cietary, ' and other gentle mou. tho rctott is !> feet long, 13 feet odd inches in circumference, and its woight is about 2J tons. The casting was successful in every rcsnuot, aud Mr, Clark Is now lu n position to undeitiike tho heaviest castings) over likely to bo required for steum-boat work, Mu. W. Johnston's lecture on "Tho Lifo of Sir Job» Franklin," delivered beforu tho members of the St. George's Association ou tho 0th instant, was attractif* . .. . .. . '-*.' and. interesting, nnd hnai-ty acknowledgments wera tendered to the lecturer, which were duly responded to. A DRAMATIC reading from "Don Cesar de Bazan," better known as " Maritana," took place at the school room, New Town, on the 5th instant, by ladies and gentlemen, in connection with the New Town Literary Association. There was a full attendance, and the rendering of the play afforded much satisfaction. ON Saturday night, the 7th instant, a man named Thomas Fromow, an old pensioner, was conveyed to the general hospital in a state of insensibility, it is believed from drunkenness. He lay in a precarious condition all Bight, but did not recover consciouMicss until tho next > Jnorniug. He subsequently died iu tho hospital, and «as left a little daughter in Hobart Town. The deceased ; Was well connectod.nnd was formerly clerk in the Brigada \- Office in this city. , BBTWEEK 0 and IO o'clock on Saturday morning, tho 7th instant, a laboring mini, named l'humes Conuor, was taken into custody by D. C. Morley and D, C. Vickers on suspicion of having muideicd a woman named Mary Brown, who was found dead in his house, situated in a . yard off Davey- streel. Tho accused was subsequently ' Drought before the Police Bench and discharged, there ', being no evidence to inculpate him with the murder of the deceased. I THE Rev. J. W. Simmons lectured nt the Theatre : Boral on Sunday, tho 8th instant, when the house was literally crammed from floor to ceiling, very many Indies having to loavo, consequent upon tho impossibility of obtaining »eat«. The chair was occupied by tho lion. Dr. Officer, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, who . briefly introducod the lecturer, when Mr. Simmons . proceeded to address persons about lo marry. Tho pro «Bedinga wero terminated with tho doxology. A VKBT largo and influential meeting of tho members . at the Roman Catholic community was held on .Sunday i afternoon, the 8th instant, in St. Mary's Cathedral, when the Most Rev. tho Bishop (Dr. Muiphy) addressed .aheeongregation at great length, appealing to thurn to aaailt him in completing til« Cathedral at once, it was ' estimated that the cost of completing the building _ would be about £5000. Tho meeting wns also addressed Jw the Vencrahlo Dean McGuiro, by tho llov. Mr. de Beechnior, and other gentlemen, after which a collection . waa made, many of thosopicscnt promising to subscribo -tegular amounts quarterly. ' TOT criminal sessions at Launceston commenced on the 5th instant, before His Honor Sir Francis Smith, ' Puisne Judge. Tho calendar wn-s light, with tho excep- tion of ono case, that of William Lee, aftas Smith, Who waa convicted of a criminal assault upon a little ¿frl. Ave years of ago, at franklin village. Ho was ' ejSBteneed to death, but tho sentence was subsequently ' oammuted to ponai servitude for life at Port Arthur. Mai. James Allen delivered his third mid concluding lae ture on "Tho Inspiration of the Scriptm es, not partial and intermittent, but verbal and plenary" iu the Alliance Rooms, on the Otlt instant, to a highly respect- able and attentive audience. Tho lectures wero do aifned party us a reply to sonto portions in a former .orarse of lectures by tho Rev. Georgo Clarke, of the Congregational Church, Davoy-street, on "Modern atpeoulations, in their bearing on tho Vital Principles of CmrtituHiity," and partly as n means of bringing out the whole theory of inspiration, as propounded in tho . fktfiptares. Mr. Allon managed his subject, iu so brief a «ourse, with great ability, exhibiting a largo amount of \- VaHots» reading, literary, scientific, and theological, and WO 'blUniste acquaintance with what passes under the 'SSjsM of " Modern Science" in tho current literature of Ma day, but the lecturer insisted upon it thal tho Bible waa eui generis a book by itself, anil must bo accepted . .»the only standard of appeal. Each lecture was ro \- SMlved with decided marks of approbation, and tho lecturer retired on tho last occasion amidst prolonged inarki of applause from tho numerous auditors present. OK the 10th instant a concert by tho Now Town . Philharmonie Society took placo in ono of the largo \- poora« of tho Queen's Orphan Asylum. Thero was an pxcellont attendance of visitors, including soma from ' JJabsrt Town, nud tho entertainment, which was vocal ft«) instrumental, and conducted by Mr. TupOcld, went . cn to the satisfaction of tho company. '. . ' TOT anniversary festival of tho Juvenile Ilcchnbito .. Oid*r> io connection with the Victoria Tent, took placo ?? An to« 10th instant, nt the Allianco Rooms, Mocquario attrset, when toa was provided, followed by a iniscellniie .ua entertainment, elocutionary and musical, under tho \- JsrssldeBoy of Mr. Witt, junr., ono of tho superintendents . «f the Tent. The secretary, Bro. S. O. Lovoll, read a very satisfactory report, and during the evening prizes ? Ware givon for tho nest Essay on Tomporance, tho best Essay on Tasmania, and tho best song sung by brothers. : fr-frtoftho band of the Second Rifles under the lo.ulor BhiBpf Mr. W. Thomas occupied tho gallcry.and played ? sp number of pieces during tho evening. i .' Thebk was a largo attendance at tho Borea school-room , t}n the 10th instant, when Mr. R. IS. Dear delivered a ' y*¡yL'unu,'DE °nd interesting lecturo undor tho title v The story of my Mackintosh." Several songs and glees \- Wefe sung durjng the ovening, which was altogether a \- Very pleasant one. J. Perkins, Esq., M.H.A., occupied the chair. .J5X018ION of tho knee-joint in a hoy vorging upon 14 jroars old ha« boon performed nt tho hospital oy Dr. . Bright, Drs. Offlcor, Hall, Benson, Smart, Doughty, < .Agnew, Butler, Crowther, and Turnlcy boing also pre- sent. The latter gentleman administered- the chloro . jforaa. The afflicted boy had been a criplo foi- many ' years, and now lias tho promiso ot n useful, though J ptraiglit limb. A girl about the sante ago wns operated < xrpov tora similar affliction by Dr. Bright a fow months \- ago, 80,(1 recovered peifoctly, and is now able to gain her ipwn livelihood as a nursemaid. TOT usual monthly mcoliug of tho Follows of the \- Boiyal Society took plnco at the Museum Rooms, Mnc Suarie-atroet, on tl|o 10th inst. Thomas Gibliu, Esq , resided, and thero wero nlso presout, lion. Dr. Officer, oseph Allport, Esq., .lohn C. liregson, Esq., Dr. ; Agnew, bon. scurotiiry, Morton Allport, Esq., Mr. F. Abbott, Mr, John Davies, Mr. L. Susmun, Mr. W. , Johnston, Mr. Swan. A ballot having boon talton Dr. Jenner was eleoted ii Follow of tho Society. Tho usual reports wero laid on the tablo, nnd also soveral preson > tatton»; amongst tho latter was a splendid collection of .? botanical apocimens sent over to tho Curator of tho Society, by Dr. .Mueller, Curator to tho Roj-nl Society, ? Melbourne, for which a special voto of thanks was awarded to tho learned donor. Mr. M. Allport read a , f'jtepqrt on tho presont Rtntoof tho fry of tho salmon . Mtd «almpn trout at tho Plenty ; and of tho faking pf tho first spawn from tho browit trout," ..which lod tp an mtorosting discussion, nnd for which the thinks pf tho Follows wero voted to tho author. Thk usual monthly mcoiing of tho general committee . ¿* tho Benovolont Sociotv was hold on the lQtlj instant. , Tpresei' . His Worship tlio Mayor, in tho ohnir, Messrs. ? 'Mather, H". -". Hull, Dr. E. S. Hall, Mr. G. Johnstouo, Mir, Witlieringtoi), and Mr. Cioucli. Tho Society ia {Ödabtsd to tho bank in tho sum of ¿120 1%. 4d., mid \- paavS8sora wore appointed to collect subscriptions.^ é .Tub Rifle Compauies composing tho soutborii division rif the Volunteor Force assembled on the evening of tho J Jit h inst, in tho dtill yaid in force, and, after a short \- drill, under tho command of Major tho Hon. J. M. . Wilson, thoy marched through tho city preceded by the fine band of the 2nd liifles, undor tho leadership of Mr. W. Thomas, bandmaster. T|io route of march waabalong Oampnell-atreot und Liverpool- street, thence os inr as \- JBarnett-stroet, ami back to tlio corner of Liverpool and Murray-streets, whero the parado ivas dismissed. > > A DRAVMAN, named Jamos Evans, had a narrow cs ? cape from drowning a fow > nights ago. It nppoars that . between 0 and 10 o'clock ho imprudently > attempted to pipes tho woodoii plnlfoim ut tho whait with his horso , fad dray, whon the wholo concern, driver nnd all, woio \ nt»cip)t#tod into deep water. Evnns was a good swimmer, pindi py calling lustily for assistance, was ni.ved by two \- fcuB, who were attracted by his cries ; tho horso, nlso, . . irá» got out of the wator, but tho dray was not romovod , fp tjie next day. \--. T^pàl wa» à large audionco at tlio Mochamos' Insti .,ftfcta ni) the 12th instant, when Mr. jamos Allon delivered his promisod lecture on " Ghost stories, viewed . ia their relation to modern spiritualism nnd to tho -. blähest forma of spiritual existence." The lecturo was ¡.iawreiting ia n moro than ordinary degree, and Mr. . Allan displayed much perseverance and caro in the col 1 bastion of a number of ghost »torios of thrilling intorest, (md ¿hose he told in a »impla and pleasing manner, which \- lapt syitb the wannest demonstrations of approval on ,'|Jje part of the audienco. The lecturer was listened to ¡ijlttli marked attention, nnd was warmly applauded i *?. Tus jtïfiets of tho city woio i» ninny places oxceed ' fagly slippery-tbo week befara last, owing to I ho sharp ,' frost, On. tlio lu.'h instant na a lady nnd gentleman wero riding along Elizahoth-street, nt a walking paco, f Wheo opposite tho Rock Hotel, the lady's homo slipped ..Dad fell, throwing his fair rider undor tho foot of tlio auiraal^ddon by lior husband. Fortunately no injury Was sustained beyond the alarm caused by tlio accident. Beyer»! mishaps occurred also to drays and carts iu . various parts of tho city. .''. On the 12th instant n woman named Tanner, wifo of ? JPeter'Tanner, foreman at tlio Gas iVorks, and a resident sn Edward-street, found her baby, ngod two months, «lead in the bed beside lier. Tho child was very healthy, .and the father states that it was nwoko about five o'clock, \- being found dead at seven. At tho inquost it wns found '. »hat the infant had been accidentally overlaid. At the studio of Mr. Bock, of Elizabeth-street there are some very well executed oil portraits, just completed by that gentleman. Two large portraits of Mr. Boyd, the Civil Commandant at Port Arthur, are especially good ; one of the late Captain Spring, and another of a young lady, are also commendable pictures. These por- traits are painted upon a photographic ground so that the primary difficulty of outline is at once overcome. Their coloring and the expression which the pencil has imparted to them are the best proofs of tho ability of the artist. \- ' ATaspooial mooting of tho Uinroltoldors of tho Tns , {nallian Steam Navigation Company, held on tho 13th i Instant, it was resolved that tho capital bo increased to J fhe «um of sovonty-iivo thousand pounds by the issuing t pf twothonaand fivo hundred shares, to bo numbered . from ,8001 to7JO0 inclusivo, and that tho Directois be . authorised to purchase 011 behalf of tho company, for the sum of £15,000, tho steamboats Black Swan and Havilah, : Slow employed by the Launceston mid Melbourne Steam 1 Navigation Company, together with tho goodwill of tho . trade now carried on bj- that company, and tho benefit ; of all contracts entered into by that company for the i eouvoyaiice of mails or otherwise, tlio price to bo raid by the issue of 1500 shares in tho capital of the T.S.if. ... THE University of Catnbridgo has conferred the degreo ¿ .of/Master of Arts upon thoKov. F. Hudspeth, Curato _ 1 of St David's Cathedral, in this city. "'- A' »iBfcriNO of tho Stewards of tho Launceston races . was helfl on tho 12th instant, nt tho Brisbano Hotel, to » arrange th« preliminaries necessary for tho forthcoming annual races. Mr. W. T. Bell was appointed Treasurer . in the place of Mr. John Scott, resigned, and it was . waanimously docidod that the mooting for 1867 should .iake-pfacoon Tuesday, Wednesday, und Thursday, the 1 SBth, 27th, and 28th days of February next. .-/THE third meeting for 1SCG of tho Hobart Town ! Church Union took placo at Del Suite's ltooins on the 16th instant. There was u numerous but not 11 crowded 'auditory. An anthom having boon sung by tho choir, ' jWithjpianoforto accompaniment by Air. F. A. Pnckor, . Ihe Right Rov. tho President tlolivcrod nil instructivo -?lecturoon "St. Paul," which was attentively listened .o,aud heartily applauded by tho hcarors. Other hymns 'Sinai an anthom of Dr. Caleolt followed, nud tlio' pro .'«Jeedings terminât«! with the benediction. \- . TOT Govornor boa approved of tho establishment of a .Boatoffice at Nortlulowu, nnd of tho appointment of -!ltr. Thomas as postumster thero : to taku effect from 'the 1st instant. . A NUMEHOUS mooting of tho shareholders of tho Alliance Quartz Crushing Company took placo at tho Temperance Allianco Booms on tho 17th instant, H. 'Hopkins, Juu., Esq. in tho chair, when it was nil but! fy^BJBIQualy agreed tu wind up tile .Company, on th» ? i ej.ort of Messrs Lewis and stephens that the iccf would not pi^ for woiking Larm on tho morning of tho 17th îustant the body of n wom-ui was found floating in tho water at the Ne« Wharf under tho barque Crishna. It was conveyed by tho police to tho genoril hospital where it bos been identified as that of a woman named Margaret Huxley, i resident on tho Cascado lío id At tho inquest tho jury returned a > crdict ot accident illy di owned. Amurre meeting comened bj tho Ma*oi ni* held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute on tho 17th mst, " to consider tho advisability of petitioning parliament on the subject of taxation, i ulw us and othei matters ' His Worship tho Mayor w is voted to thoUiair, uni tho meeting, which was nuiiieiously attended, wus addressed by Messrs E H Iviy, Dr Crowther, Monal ty, L Busman, C W ilher, and Captain Fisher, and u petition to both Houses of Parliament was adopted Dei- iult havin0 been inndo in tho paj mont of certain instalments on lots of Crown lund, notice was given, that tho lots would be nffaicd for sale by public ruction, at 12 o'clock on the 18th instant, at tho Ictnperauce AUiauce Rooms At the hour stated, Mr Buln was in attendance on behalf of Mr vVorlpy, Government auctioned, but had the room entirely to himself and Ins clerks Till- annual gathering of the M isnino body in celebra tiou of St John, was hold on the 18th mst in Webb's Room,whcnabout80of the brrtlnensitdown toa mag nihccnt dinner sencd in Mr A\ ebb s best stj lo Aband was stationed in tho gallery under tho leadership of Mr Browne The eli ur was occupied by W .1 Brothel tho Rov KD Hnu is 801, who was supported on his rifcht by His Excellency Brother Colonel Goro JJrowne, Brother John Foster acting ns aide de camp, Brothers the Ke\ 1 H Qmltcr, the Hev T Hudspoth, and the Rev J Bucklind On the left of the chairman sut WM Brothers Smith, 345, W M Brother L Susmun, 536, and P M Brothor Graham 1 he vice chair was occupied hy S <v Brother Wb Hammond Iho usuul lo) id patriotic, mid appropriate toasts wero druuK, uud a very agreeable e\ ening was enjoyed by the guests CovsiDFinuLt excitement prevailed in Launceston on tho 19th inst, in consequence of Mr James Grant, of Tullochgorum, having m lived about 7 pin from Fingal, bnngin ' with linn afino sample of quarts from that purt of the Union Company'sleef, which has just been opened It is a very promising simple, tho gold being visible all over it, and the goiieral opinion is that it must turn out weli The hall of the Mechanics' Institutewas ci owded on the 19th inst, when a, dramatic reuling was t,ivcn uuder the direction of Mr Murray Buigess bv ludv and gentlemen amateurs The pieces bo eeted » ero lorn Iiyloi-*» comedy " Pnyablo on Demand," and the comedy " One 'loueh ofNatuie" Both wero exceedingly wolli endercd and the entertainment was a most pleasiugoue, the amateurs being loudly applauded A Ljttlk child aged about 2 years and 4 months, tho son of a man numod Botiltci, residing near New Norfolk was found alivo in the bush, after bemglost from Mon- day, the lGth inst at noon, till tho same timo on the following Wednesday Ho hid then been exposed to two most bitter eold nights, elad only in two ganneuts around his body with no covering for his head, nor any covering to his feet He had w indered about a mile anda half f i oin his home, which is about fivo miles from Now Norfolk When found he was sitting on the sunny side of a trco breaking up a little twig Ho had not tasted food for 51 hours, und yot, comparatively unclothed and unsheltered, he not only lived, but was Íierfectly sensible. Ho could not stand, but knew his ather nistautly Every care was taken of the poor little fellow, and too much pnuso cannot be bestowed on tho inhabitants generally, some of whom never broke tbeir fast from seven in tho m iruiiig until six at night, while scouring tho hush in seaich of the lost child. Bv tho last overland mill Messrs Walch and Sons have rccoived what cannot fail to prova a welcome boon to enliven many a dull evening pul ty The first is thus described -"A now wonder' Instantaneous photo graphy in tho drawing room," producing three photo- graphs m tho space of a minute lho second novolty is an ingenious " puzzle in perspective," by winch many a »limp one will be "takon ni " On Monday evening Jost an entertainment wis given at the tho Brickfields Invalid Depot foi the delectation of tho aged inmates, A number of visitors attended, having been admitted by private ticket. Tho room was tastefully prepared, under tho superintendence of Mr Withenngton A stage was improvised with mess tables covered with rugs for a carpet, nnl drop curtains, and ornamental wings to the stage were also provided. Hie Union Jack was placed over the front of the stage suimounlal by a crown mil V E creditably dono lito entertainment compiisod the jorfonnanco by amateur» of tho cotnedietti " taint Heart novcr won fair Lady," and as an ufterpieco "Tho Fust Train" Byway of interlude several hornpipes, a highland reel, &c;, wore danced by an amateur of much ability Part of the baud of tho Second Rifles attended, and, under the conductorsbip of Mr W Thom is, performed a number of pojmlni pieces Tho whulo entertainment afforded much satisfaction A voto of thanks, moved and seconded by two of tho old mon, was unanimously passed, to the -imutours, and the band, the motion being put to tho meeting by Mr Vnutm, ono of tho committee for tho Brickfields cntoitainmcnts, who has taken consider- able interest ¡in thoir promotion Mr Honey, on the part of tho amateurs aud Mr 1 liornas, on the part of the band, acknowledged the voto lho proceedings terminated at half jiast runo o'clock. The first number of tho Tasmanian Punch was pub lished on Saturday last, aud is to bo continued fort- nightly It is woll got up, and premisos to bo nn amusing addition to our periodical literature On Saturd ly aftornoona numerously attended meeting of poisons interested in tho minuten inco of tho Kanguroo ferry boat took placo at tho Mumcipui Chamber, Bel lenvo, the AVoi-slnpful the Warden in tho chnr lho meeting was addressed by several speakers, and a petition fora subsidy to both Houses of Pal li uncut waendopted Oí. Sunday afternoon tho Rov J W Simmons do liverod a lecture at the llicatro ltojal on "Tho World wo livo in" There was n lal gc attendance, and tho Hon P O Fysh, M L C , occupied the chair At tho conclusion of tho lecture the committee presonted Sub Inspector Dorsott with a handsome family bible, and " Scones ia tho life of St, Peter, ' m recognition of tho services ho had rendered by supervising tho fiont of the houso during the recent course of lectures On Monday labt tho lion Dr Oihcor, and the other mombers of tho Salmon Commission, accompanied by Mr Rnnisbottoni, proceeded to North West Bay to mako final mrnngoments for tho deposit of the ova in tho pouds in that locality CoMEveiy fino beef was exhibited on Monday at Mr Johnson SIT p's, Li\ orpool streot, consisting of four hcifors, from tho Mossis 1'iold s, and u hugs ox from Captaiu Horton'«, nt Ross Tire Brown Titour -'Iho biown or uver trout m the salmon ponds at tho liver Plenty havo lately been spawning io great numbai s,and tlio Commissioners have now i sufficient supply of ova to ennblo thom to com meneo tho stocking of tho otl cr rivets of Tasmania with this fiuo fiaii Arrangemouts have been n.ade for the lcception of tho spawn und also of .some of tho grown fish at Notth West Bn>, and tho locality wits visited on Monday lust by tho hou Dr Officoi, Mr Moiton Allpprt, nud Mi ßanisbottotri Tho transfer of the fish will tuko plnco almost immediately 'Hie successful hatching and subsequent «pawutngof the blown ti out is n source of congratulation to tho Commissioner», and we expect that it wiUnot be long befoto tho rivers of Tasmania ni o plentiful)} stocked with this magnificent fish pmuii, U. Court -Yesterday tho Ciiintnal Sessions commenced before &u; Finitcis Smith Wm Healey pleaded guilty to «tooling mad" oiling ¡iouso , Sylvester Egerton also pleaded guilty to a ltko offcnce.nud Charles Williams to uttering a foi gcd request for the payment of money Tho three mou" weie remanded for sentence Henry Wilson, a Gorman, wns found feuilty of offering n forged woighbitdgc ttckct,nnd remanded for sentence. Rpbert Piiall conyieted,aud William Hudson acquitted of housopreuking Spall was sentenced to 14 yeera' imprisonment A second oourt was hold hy the thief Justice Wm Hall convicted of obtaining goods undpi fnso pretences Matthew Wilson convicted of kousa breaking, nud John bjkes convicted of udecoiitly issaulting Anu Jauo Ueneman Thoy were nil remanded for sentence Tlio courts adjourned till to day Vof piiTEEit Marlu Out -The Second Rifle corps with tho Voluntepi Artillery to the uumbei of about 130 marched out togcthei ia far as Cooloy's at Now Town last o\cmng, preceded by tho fane bapd of tho Second lillies undoi the leadership of band master Tilomas Captains Jurie ton and Davies wero in oontmapd of tho pande, and the march was a very pleasant onp A novel feature of it was the porfprmanco by tho bapd for the first tinto of the " Joli} dogs quick step," with vocal accompaniment by the voluuteeia 'lina pane i» admirably niaiked forniaichtng.nnd the chorus of voices at intervals had a vory pleasing effect The volunteers weic followed by inuny bundi eds of tho oitisona Jwho en tel ed fully into the spit it of tho thing, and loudly oxpiessod their nppt oval of tho "Jolly dogs" At the telegraph office tlneo cheero wero called for Captain 1 alkina Mid tho Artillery, mid tho santo number for Captain Davies apd tho Second lillies, which wero cuthusiaslicallj given Wohuno Min's Club - T]io Bpyea Sphppl wm Ciowded to suffocation last evcutng, when Dr Crpwthor dolivcred Ins promised lectuio to tho members of tho WoikingMon's Club on "Hospitalwnrds,and whathohad seen iu them " 'lho chair was occupied by tho hon, F M Innes, Esq ,11 L. C , who bnefly introduced tho lcctuier Dr Crowther delivered a long, and very interesting, lectuio, descitpttvo of most of the first class Litglisli mid continental hospitals Ho rcinatked sttoiitly nppn t)io duty of the %ito m providing chant ablo iitstitutious of this kind fío alio íoviejspd thp mu tous classes of distases,and pointing out that many ||f tho »oi.st dosoiiptions of iiialnilies woio piodnped by iiitumpeiiiitcp, ho exhorted tlio members to livo totnpoi ntoly in nil things Ho coucluded by a reference to the Hobart Town Hospital lovtowmg its history uudet the imputai wi»ip,iind pointing out tho numerous niiprovo melita which had been made m its management sinco it was plnccd mulei tloird mi)))ngeme|it, i purni king that «hilo unporfectin mau} iespccts.it nppipnchpd nparci. to tho iitnmlurd of tho best English iiospit ils than did nu} othci sinulnr Iuutttution m tho Btitish colonies At tlio close of the lecture loud eheorsgioottd tho IcpturOl Mr j His moved a lote of tlniiks to Di, Crowther, and tho Chan mau, which af toi iifow ltmarksfioin the latter gentleman, was uuauimousl} earned. 