LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. lUIILIS II A I LY. S,'TL'.UIJA ; .A1170UTG ' 18, 1866. TAXATION. TnE monstrous proposal to tax property to the extent of five and a-half per cent., and to impose an income tax of a similar amount, seems to have aroused the country, and is working upon the intelligence of men who are not to be deluded that they are to be enriched by having money taken out of their pockets. Scarcely a person who has bought land, and with his saving built a house upon it, gets a return of five per cent.; but this and more is to be wrested from him. There are plenty of properties in town and country the rents of which would not half pay the tax, and which would have to be abandoned. There is a holder of house property in this town who will sell it if he can, and if not leave it for a time at least, and take himself and his family away with twenty thousand pounds he has out on mortgage rather than pay an income tax. And many will follow his example. Itis accumulated capital that furnishes the workingmen with employment and brings custom to the dealers. If we had not a class that save, the day-laborer would perish from want. That class is not so large as to render it desirable it should be discouraged. The numbers are too great who spend all they earn, or live above their incomes, or are dependent on casual aid. They cannot work, but they are not ashamed to beg. All economists agree that the increase" of capital should beencouraged, and the savings of industry and economy scrupulously respected With the proposed taxes in opera. tion for two or three years more than half the improved land and buildings would be confiscated. A mooeeting has been convened at Longford, another at Evanudale, and a third at Westbury. Why does Launceston Ing behind when the very existence of the colony is at stake? If the Government could dispose of their debentures, we pre sume the £102,000 for the so-called re productive works would have been spent ore this. What madness to throw away money in this direction which will never yield the ghost of a return, and introduce a form and amount of taxation that would destroy the colony I Not expending public money but economising it will bring the country round. Not increased taxes but retrenchment of disbursements can bring things straight. The Govern ment is virtually insolvent. The legitimate contribution that the country can bear without injury to its reproductive powers and the repression of trade is just the sum the Customs will yield from spirits, wines, tobacco, tea, and sugar. If the country is to prosper and not retro grade the expenditure must be brought within that limit. No men are fit to be in office who will not retrench. We are worse off in every respect since the pre sent Ministry took office. A large annual expenditure, a large augmentation of the public debt, a great increase of taxes, a diminution of the revenue both general and from land, a decline in commerce, a restricted trade. And all this is to be remedied by additional taxes in the most destructive shape I We want no Gotham finance and legislation. 