Peinen oV WALK« THHATBB'-Tlió attendances al thia favourite, and should be'fashionable, place, of amusement havo boon exceedingly good as regards,all ports of tho house ; but tho dross clrolo, and ovon hore sorao fow of tho " judiolous" ' have been seen attracted partly by tho grandness of tho plays, but chiefly vre Imagine by the merit and ability displayod in their per- formance. Who, with any protenco to a love for tho 'writings of tho immortal bard, would deny the steer tlon, that the character o£ "Hamlet,'.' as presented by Slr. Parry Sullivan, ls almost tho finest representation extant of that most difficult part That it is conceived with an amount of melancholy, whioh somewhat woaries-we use tho word for want of a tetter-the audience wo must admit, and it would seem occasionally to require something to "¡ priok, ¡. tho sides °f his intent,'' in order to rollero the.enormous weight of grief * that seoras to ovorwholm the actor, and . thus deaden evon his own intention, but. with this exception, when regardodas a whols, the rondoring of Hamlot, by Hr Barry Sulli- van, exalts him to the very bigest place in his profes sion. In detail he.makes soveral novel readings of certain passages, resulting, no doubt, from doop study and research, and some of thom oro certainly os effeotive as new; but in the passage where Hamlot saysi that " when the wind is southerly' ho knows a hawk from a heronshaw;" the "pshaw," of contempt, 'os delivered . by. Ur. Sullivan, ia a rending of bia own that may be considered doubtfully correct Els attitudes are also remarkably fine and some of his Erinolpnl proses oxcollont to a degree seldom beheld,but is munner of arriving at thom is'sometimos by no means In keeping with the result, as ho occasionally writhes in suoh a.mannor take the interviow with tb« Ghost on tho platform for an instanco - as to give the spectators an idea of physical, rather than'of montai sufforlng. Thoso remarks.! aro ' rando without- for a moment detracting ftom the merit of Mr. Sullivan's grand realisation of tho Poofs conception,, for, wo repeat, we regard it as ' the greatest--with but ¿no oxcoptlon, and that is not Mr. Charles Kean-performance of Hamlet of, .tho present div. Mrs. Robert Hoir was very effective as Gertrude, and in the interview with-Hamlet in the olosot fully reallsod the agonising transitions of mind through which her ooul-eoarcbing son forced her, Mrs. R. Grovillo do serves more than passing praise- for her representation ot Ophelia, and in the difficult mad-scanOB sang most plaintively, yot sweetly, and imparted greater Interest to these scones of tho play than is often found in thom. Wo. should bo glad to praise Mr. Ireland's performance of tho king, but although the lines were, as n matter of course with this gentleman, delivered with correctness and sense, yet the dignity of a king was wanting in every movement of the mimic monarch.' We are con- fident hs could make Claudius far more effective did be ohooso to try. Mr. Pitzgerald OIBO disappointed us as Ltortes, for who could supposo in his .first interviow with a king, whom he supposes to be tho murderer of his father, and cause of madness of his sister, ho would' not have boen stirred up at loast to passion point ; but tho O'Grady, in .wrath was much mora effective than the ' man who " dares damnation" to bo rovengod for his father. The 'minor characters, if, In Shaksporo such things aro, wore all well sustained ; and, os a play_ porformod in its entirety, and with oxeellont accessories of. scenory and costume, wo must again assort that tbs tragedy of 'Hamlot'' was doser vino; . tho attendance of the most intellectual of our inhabitants, to whom suoh exhibi- tions havo of lato boen,unfortunately, .too "few and far between." Kotzobuo's play of " Tho Strangor" also attracted a loree audionco on Friday night, and thc sorrows ot Mrs. Haller, and tho extraordinary character of tho misanthropical Stranger wore fully represented by Mrs. Robert Hoir and Mr. Barry Sullivan. AU tho other parts wore capitally played, Mr. J. R. Grovillo, as usual, affording muoh amusement as Peter. On Satur- day night " hiohnrd the Third" was revived and re- ceived with the heartiest approval by th« andienae, to whom this play is gonorally a favourite, although it may not stand so high in general estimation as some of ¿hakspcre'a works, . Of this performance wa dofer our notice, morely adding that as others under Mr. Sullivan's direction, it was admirably played. . ROTAX VioTontA TnKATnr.-Mr. W. . O'Neill bas sustained soveral of hts most popular characters during tho post week, and given tho fullest satisfaction in every one of his performances. The public are so familiar with Mr. O'NolU's peculiarities, and his efforts are always so popularly successful, thst there is no nocossity to say more thoa that hs fully maintains the prestige of his name, and reçoives tho fullest assurance by the bands of his legion of admirers, that his fame will- long outlive his engagement Ho hos been well supported by Miss Harriot Gordon, Mies Jesslo Liston, and Mrs. Moore, as wall as by Messrs. C. Burford, Miran. Clifford, and West. Tho singing of Mr. O'Neill a»d Hiss Harriet Gordon aro both greatly ad- mired and gonorally deservedly oncored. Tiru PiTT-sTnuET HIITODBOMI, OB COOKE, WILSON, AND ZOYABA'S MONSTER Cit CUB.-Again on Saturday afternoon were tho scats of this grand arena crowded with spectators, numbering among thom a very large proportion of little ones, for whom tho sceneB in tho oirclo aro considered a very ' proper amuso- mont, whllo tho children of a larger growth who accompany them, seem at all events to be fully as well satisfied as thoso for whose presence, their own is often urged as an oxouso. Tho entertain- ment provided was of a very superior character, and embraced the efforts of all tho principal artists of this world-renowned company. The acto comique, between Ross and Carlo, is , a most amusing pieco of .business, and the extraordi- nary disappearance of tho acrobat into tho tub, which ovontuates in his issue from It at tho other ead, and jumping off with it on his back, creates shouts'of laughter. Thia is, without exaggeration, ono ot tho bost " acts" yot oxhibltod, although a little shortening of tho introductory business would not bo injudicious. Tho young Loroy goes through his oct ou a bare- backed steed with nmnsing dash and fearlessness, and is rewarded with great ' applause. Mndamo Ella Zoyara carries off tho palm as. prsmiero oquostrienno, and oxhibits a combination of graco aaa nerve, on horseback, nover surpassed by ono of her sex in Sydnoy. Olma, in his ladder feat, performs with tho greatest caso ono of tho most difficult of tho many tricks of his Erofcssion, and his leap from tho laddor to tho rope and eadforomost descent, cronto alarm only ovorcomo by tho confidenoooxhibited bv tbonrlist At its tormina Mon npplanso groóla him from oil parta of tho houso. Tho t rai nod horse Othello ia a wonuorful spooimen of educated horse, and his various tricks and paced aro thoroughly exhibited by Mr. Wilson. Mr. Jamos Oooko continues to cresta a largo amount of fun by his exceedingly clover sayings, many of VT h ¡oh wo may Buy aro ontircly original, which proves him to bo tho boBt jostor wo havo over had, as ho novar for a moment descends to tho vulgar or gives reason to sar 'twas pity ho said that. Altogether, tho Mammoth OlruUB is certainly tho lsrgcst and boat wo have yot seen in the colony ; and, to night, another entire chango of pro- gramma is advertised, among which aro Bowral novolties never yet Loheld in Sydney. FORFEITED Fnicn SKLECTÍON.-What the lato Govern- ment have loft undouo in securing a full unconditional surrender of the publio lands to a few monopolists, tho present Government will ll ulah. A ciroular has been just Issued from tho Treasury to the various land agents announcing that all lands which havo beon for- feited for non-compliance with the provisions of tho Aot shall be offered for salo by auction and not other- wise-that the former circular throwing open 'such lands to conditional purchase again is super- seded. As soon as this now version be- comes known wo havo no doubt as to what HB effect will bo. Tho spirit of tho Act is undoubtedly broken by the system of conditionally purohasing land with a full determination, by a violation of its most essential conditions, of forcing it to bo put up to auction, , Im- mediately it becomes known that this inodo of ovsdlng tho spirit of tho measure ic rendered offootual, that an easy loopholo for the accomplishment of tho craving desires of eur numerous Isnd monopolists is thus dearly opened up, we may bid good bye to any further taking up of small farms by mon af limited capital-free selection will become a dead lotter. .. .There will not bo an eligible ptoco of laud In any part of the country that will not bo greedily snapped up in the course of a short timo, and when a demand ngain arises for small' farms, after tho reverses of tho past throe seasons havo been surmounted and tho extension of agiionlturo again necessitates tho bringing into occupation of moro land, there will not bs on aero to b« had in tho settled districts except what may be ottered at nunile unction w Um nigMW vlUuor. -Braid 