WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS: TnE annual services in connection with the Austra lasian Wesleyan rForeign Missiens were held last week in Queanleyan. On Sunday two sermons were preached to nume rous and attentire congregations. M1rALnR aTGALE (recently from England) ofniciated in the morning and the Rev W. Rounso (of Gunning) in the evening. On Monday evening a public' meeting was con vened, and was numeronsly and respectably attended. The chair was occupied by Mr Jous GALE. The Rev \V. RonsoN read the society's report, which was an interesting documnent, detrailing the progress of missions inVictorian(atongst theChinese) in New Zealand, and the South Sea Islands. The following is a summary of the report:- %N llmber of Chapelt .. ... ... ... 704 1\umhber of othrr 'reachin Ph cesa ... ... 358 Missionarir-s and Asistunt 1Misornnaries ... 97 Caterhists ... ..... ... ... ... ... ... 535 Play Schoo'lf'nct e s ... ... ... ... ... ... 1254 Sabbath l ol lu eachers ... ............ 2... 171 l-ucat Ptrenchrs ... ... ... ... ... 1I-8 Closs Leadelrs ... .. ......... .. ... 27t03 Full nurtd 'iredited Chnrcl'h .ielllcrs .(.. ... 2?,u25 On ''rinl Lfr Meletmbaship ... ... ... ... 5b-3 Sabltl Schools ... ... .. ... .. . b 7 Sialbth Schuuol s ... .... .. ... 41,(i?i3 iay achools ...... ... ........ 1238 uy chul;at'rs . .. ... 1 40,075 At'tendants on1 l'uhlic worship ... ... ... 11,9%9 Mr At.n r T GALE. was first called upon to address the meeting. lie did not anticipate being first to speak. After several humorous introdutctory re nimarks he proceeded te express his love for Chris tianlity, and in plarticulaorfor the misson cause, which was calculated to raise mankind from the lowest degradation to exaltation and virtue. Such meetings as the present were the more delightful as they brought together christiai.s of ,all ,?te!om!ni nations, where they merged their differences and were simply known as christians. lie loved .the denominational distinctions. They were only difierent rouds to' the same city; many-hued flowers heightening the beauly of the same parterre. The beginning of Christianily was truly a wonder. A handful of poor men stood up to oppose the pride, prejudice, idolatry, and seelp ticisin of tie refined world; aun nothing less than the influence of the Holy Ghost could have given themn the success which attended their labours. It was such men itas trhose-bapltised whit the same Spirit, tnught in the same school --who went I'orth to carry on the mission work of modern days. 'T'hey couldl make a tent, wield anrr axe, or catch a fish, as well as preach a powerful sermon, and deal out the soul-stirring truths o01 Scripture. The soul of, the missionary did not despise mien because. they "were,: black, nude, or failed to.seee eye to eye with them;ta nor even Jecause they sonretinmes killed and ale one of their number, who like John Williams was first to go amongst them with the glad tidings of salva tion. When one fell thus, they filled u1t) his place with another. Napoleon called his recruits lfood for cannon ;" but missionaries were sometimes tood for savages; and still others were ready to take the place of the fallen, that the poor cannibals might see that there were some who loved them. Ii' the face of these and other difficulties the missionaries had to do their work ; but they grew not disspirited. Lilte their sub.apostolical father Cyprian, when asked to recant, he said " Eighty-six ye, rs have I served Christ, and he never wronged me ;" so the missiona ries of the cross could say, Christ never wronged them, and they could not deny him. After alluding to the rantks of those who' in Sierra Leone, and other deadly climes, hltd fallen in the- work the speaker npologised for tan abrupt conclusion on the ground of sudden indisposition. The Rev. Mir. PtscotJr o, of Braldwood, said it might seem unnecessary in this age of the church to be the apologist of Christian missions. It was an imperative duty, admitted and felt, to support the work of the Church. But it was well to examine the cause and the claims of missions. The work of theChurehwas orginallyand essentially missionary in its characler. This he (the speakel') lproceeded to prove from scripture, shtowing that if the light de posited with the Church were not imlparted to the perishing heathen it would be tIaken away. Christ came as a light into the world, and though that light was r'.jcted it was not withdrawn, butt gath ered by the Holy Spirit into the focus of the Churcb,; and the course of Meroz would rest upon any section of the church failing to be true to its missionary spirit. The origin, history, arid genius of' the WVesleyan Church was essentially inissionary; and the Lord expected more f'ron it of missionary enterprise than from others. He (Mr Pincombi') then proceeded to show that as all the world was the " neighbour " of the Church her love and her latbours should extend to all. The case was otherwise with the Jewish church: and in Ilis own personal minilisIry, Jesus confined his attenltiou to the Iholiue of Israel ,rtd ti'r had his disciples to go into any Satmrit'tau cilyr-~ But the linal cornmilssiou was otlherwise-- it culrbralced the " wvorld" and " every creature " ard its blessitgs still flow on as a river to the ends of Ihe cartt. 'lihaut Chritch was planted as a tender plant ill timie of droughl : but alter a droulghtl. things grow UpacCr its we now see arorntrd its; so religion grew allrd )'prosprC' ed, and would still grow. And tLc church miustt up ply herself to thie work of progress; and abouve all thiirgs aivoid reseml/li ug t!h mann with his hand to the plough lookiing back. 11o (the lspeakert') gave a very grraphic description of tint scriipture simile, and said that hiis case was delsigned as a caution ugainst growing weary in well doing. The Cihurch uright look up or down, or fobrwtiard, uitr inever lok back Like thile ambitious ll whvi in Virginia clirmbed high up the rock to carve his naeu alorlg-side thlit of Wuabhington, and surptrssed him, buit found hie could not look b.tck-tthat his only hIole wasti gullinig the summlt ofl thle rotk; so lie \Vesleyan missioutt had risen to be on a tf'oltlng with tle grealtest instituttirna of thie kind, anti in p ilnt of labour surp',ased a.i, yet they must not look back hbut still inscecnd, Iuntil they had finished Ihlis glorious fiauk, uItltil thie devil's kinlgdom was ldestroyed, Christ's estaltfished, andt Iheicr caniuse crmiplpeed with shpiuts of joy. The Riev W. RinsoN, of iGunnilg, lid nol consider it necessary to detain thie uldienite lBr long, after whalt they htd listlcniid to, antd cliecaily clnsilcerilg thalti thle Rev 1r Cliflot was to follow anit recufnt his own misliutnary toils in 'Lotign. lIe fuill) rgrn'cd with thie remarnks of the previous spleaker, and wPas convinced that the cause of misiomns uas tie caiseu of God, and ithe very soul of Christianity, whoso blessings were meant to be enjoyed by all the human race. I-e felt it to be his highest honour to be con nected with the Wesle3'an missions, arnd without imoiutimg he rejoicedl In its success. Nl, tllhat it was the strongest of all kindred socetiter. Its income ( ;150,000) wtasnot indeed quite the largest, but its sphere of operations was grtater than any, it 'em' played mere aigents, and accomplished the: most good. '.Yet heweuld humbly. say, 'tNot unto us, O Lord, not"'unto'bus, but unto Thy name give praise." The stations of the Wesleyan Missionary Society were ii every quarter cf the globe. In France they were achieving; great success Napoleon himself had very graciously received at the bands of their missionaries a copy of Rev \V. Arthur's cele brated "Tongue of' Fire," and he (the speaker) trusted the blessing of the same Divine Spirit would rest upon Napoleon's reading of that book. In Italy they had three missionaries one of them a con verted Roman Catholic priest; and other Catholic priests were declaring their intention of coming over to their ratnks. They even hoped to get a footing in Rome itself yet. In China, Africa, Ceylon, America, and elsewhere their missionaries were employed with the most hopeful results. And cou.ing nearer home, he would slpeak al' New Zealand, where some people thought that the laI?urs of the missionary were a failure. This he denied, nl heaven there were amongst the glorified redeemed many a Maori, and that they would see could they draw aside the vail. And even though the dark war cloud was hanging over the land, that war itself' would have been far less merciful- would have been more cruel and bloody but for the teachings of the missionaries. The Rev Mr Clifton would presently tell them of the Friendly islands and the success of missions there. And in daurk Fiji, where 200,000 cannibals delighted in killing, slaying, and baking, and eating one another, they now numbered 100,000 nomiunally profelssing Christiaunity and abolishing their, idols. Aniongst these were '?any sincere christians,'some of them ordained ministers 'of rel igion.' There was an interesting work also 'in Samoa. There was a great work yet to be done-there was much to sti mnulatoakid much to depress; but they must grow stronger antd stronger. l-e (the speaker) then re fiered to (?te'!desirabllity of relieving thl Home Society front the'arinual grant of £5000 towards the South Sea Missions. ?Alreidy': the Australasian Church raised £10,000 annually. That was a noble sum truly; but it. would be far nobler to raise the whole amount; and this could be done if they were inmore systeimatic and liue',:al in their offerings. There were two ways to meet the case. The one was by ttretrenclhment but that would never do, it was un manly, utn-English, and impolitic. They could not do'with less men or abandon any mission field. .The altertnitive was to aagmnent their funds; and by some means or other. this must be done. Instead of narrowing their field of labour he (the speaker) would like to see the largo and populous island of New Guinea, which' was only a fortnight's sail fromu S, diney, taken up. lie tlien made a very eloquent appeal on behalf of that benighted people; and implored his audience to do all that lay in their power to aid the mitission cause generally, by giving of their prayers as well as their means. .The Rev. J. CLtF'rom was glad the previous speak eis had spoken long and well, as they had thus left himn less to do. To use a colonialism, they had " been pitching it into him " the past week pretty sharply as he had been away as a deputation through the Yuss antd Gunnin Ci.teuit, and he had pretty well torn his throat. had been edified 'tnd interest ed bI at tlh ard, and had come to the con el- o'i o ' to It fell to himn to speak par t' iiu ? work. One of the greatest t i Vi ad to undergo was bel'ore he li?i- ' language of the people to witl? we ',earned to declare Christ to the heathen, bWle to do it. WVhen he LirsL went to 'i'onga yes would come and look at himi, and he at themI, and that was all. At length he got o(mie of his fellow missionaries to teach hii one sentence, in English, "what is that?" Then by pointing at objects and asking that question he soon got to learn from the natives the names of' many things, itnd in three weeks he could talk a little, and in seven mouths he could preach. lie (Mr Clifton) then proceeded to narrate instances of' ludicrous cr rors tmade by missionaries in their first attemptitng to speak the language of the heathen. Now, however, the language of' Tonga was reduced to a griuatlical construction, and by ihe aid of dictionaries and other books, most of' the difficulties which had to be first encountered were overcome. The Rev. Mr. Thomas was the first missionary to Tonga, and he (Mr. Glil ton) lived on the very spot where he lived anid in sight! of the place where he landed. ,'The natives were at first glad to see 'Mlir' Thomas, as he brought hatchcts and knives with him. But vwhen he began to prIeach, antd they becamne convinced of sin, theywere wrathful. An old chief' threatened to split his head openi if hlie ditl not. desist. Uuder these discourage ments Mr ''homrnas's fbllow missiouary ran away,.and and he was left alone, save only his wilfe, with ino Eturciqa.l neartaer than New Zealand. He laboured foti two yea'rs with no aplparent success.' T'het a young mantu bepame converted, and alter which he died. On hisdeath-bed lhe called the missionary and said, ;"why did yon not tell us before of death' jutdg'ient and the bottomless pit ?" Other conversiots followed, anrid the old chiief us a precaution resolved to starve out the missionary; the plenalty was death for giving himnt food or shelter. And but fbr God he' would have died of starvation. He ell'fered ioutbh, but at length some one took oily on hiani and 1iought him food ii secret. Thus sustaiited, the work grew and prosp1yred, itud many bIceame converted. The old chief fjorband any to '" lotu," on. pain of banishment anid cot'iafeatioi of' goods. Buit this did not stay the work. Beintg driven lirol t?ih' place, ntitny were al iimost 1 iivedtl, hut they kelt'f tbeir CUhristitinity. Someno ventured back. Aimmoitgst these was a young man whotu they erldeavout'ed to brinig Inuck to heathenisii. ''lThey threntened death if h'refus'c'u ed. ii replied, X' You iniy kill me if' you wish, but 1 Will not give ip lly religionl which is truecaud it is true there is a greit and otuly God. You cuan take away my life, but 1 hi?e a house above not made with hands." At thatt toment am spetar otruck liln in the sthoulder and cateno'oinl:nt his tutm. Uhit hit was not tilved. The ult chief. objn:iing. to ltls being torturedl, then raised his club tuit I'fllhd hiiih, tand ho wias left. l'or deauld. Afl'ter' they left hie 'recetvetd, attd is still living; and is a successfnul 'plreaeher of the gol.?ef' HIe (the speakem') rceferrdd to inaslances of this kind, to relute the statutemnent the enemiesr of missions fri'equently made, that the teligion of the natives wias not rean, and that they adopted its profession to please their chiefs; and that if the chlofiesf turnedl to any other profl'ession thie ipeople would follow, HeI- (the speaketr) know that in most cases they would rather suffer martyrdom than abandon or relax their Christianity. Mr Clifton proceeded to detail many thrilling inci dents illustrative of the power of Christianity as evinced in the lives'of the Tongees. Ike also gave an account of their superstitions. But their cruelty and idolatry were alike swept away, and the people of the Friendly Islands now served and worshipped the living God in spirit and in truth. They loved especially three things-the Sabbath, the Bible, and the house of God. He then pissed on to Fiji, where great things had been accomplished likewise. As an instance of' the Fijian character and the heroism of her missionaries, the speaker narrated a case where a missionary (the Rev. Mr )Moore) went to take up an island which had been oftent been tried and aban doted on account of the terocity of the inhabitants. On arriving there with his wife and three children in an open boat, he found the beach strewn with human heads and hands, while suspended from the trees were a vast number of pieces of Ilhuan flesh. He landed with his family, and presently several boats ful of savages came ashore, and as they caine threw out the bodies of many young children, which the which the women, shrieking like fiends, jumped upon -with rage. They had been at wae' with their enemies, and were about to feast on the slain. The missionary went up to an old chief and stated his otlject in visit ing them. He: was told to return home,as they would not have him. " Seeing he was resolved to stay they gave him permission to occupy an old shedwith open sides, where pigs and cannibal sailors resorted. The old'chief.soon took ill, lut the missionary gave him medicine and he recovered. He again fell sick, but the missionary had no more medicine, and before l? could procure any the old chief died. The people thereupon declared the missionary had poisoned him, and resolved in retut n to strangle all the deceased chief's wives, and with thetam the missionary, his wite, and his ihree children. H-iaritgthis, he betook him self to prayer, and then with a present in his hand went to the old chief's successor and presenting his offering, which was accepted. begged the lives ot the widows. He succeeded, and as t here is t rule that the life of ttone whose ofl'ering hls been accepted can not he taken, the missionary was spared. A conten tention arose among tile younger chiefls who insisted the mission faumi.y shoutl be killcd; and that night the missionary awoke and found his house in Iflamles. With dillfficulty he rescued his wife and two of his children. The third he believed was nurnt to death. Presently a young cannibal brought hint his missing child alive and well. Acting upon the lpersuasions of the old chief tlte missionary left the island and returned to his brethren destitute. By thetm he was advised to go up to Sydney. But he still persisted in returning to his persecutors, who otherwise would believe he ldid poison the chief, that died. And hei did return, and told I.hem he was conic again to try and teach them to be good. T'lhey were taken by sur prise, and exclaimed, " Now we know he does love us, though we tried to do hitn all the harm we could. He does mean to do us good." They then built him a house, and he sent for his wife and family, and in a short time the whole island were converted to Go1d. He (M1r Clifton) proceeded to nar'rate other striking instances of native ferocity and the powerful inlluence of' Cihristianity in the South Seas; and concluded a thrilling address by a fervent appeal for help. The collection was then' taken up, and it was an nounced that with the Sunday collections and two donations of a pound each, the sum realised was O9. The meeting closed with the usual formalities. S'r. ANDREW's PatEs?rYTIRIAN CUIInCt, YASS. INuI) TION or 'u'itll REv ,JotN G:uso.v -This inter- t esting ceremony took Iplace in St Andrelw's Clhutrch, on \Vedrlnesday last, at twelve o'clock. Thle church was crowldedl almnost to sOllocation, Inadny p)ersons eIlng compilled to remain ouLsidle on the steps The minllisters who olliciated on tithe occasion were tIhe Rtev 1i .Jor hnon, of' Braidwood, ind the ItRev Mi Rloss, of Goollturn. Al'ter singing alnd prnyer, Ih lich is it a1111l on such occaisitinS, the Rev Il-r John son pril'l'aclel the inlduction setlilnor, land in.a flrcibleo and impressive mannler1 t pointeid out Ihe dtlly the minister owed to God ld d his people, and also the duty of the people towards the pastor placed over them. The ltev Nilr Ross tllhen proceeded wiih tIhe induction, pluttinig the usual questions pllrescribed li1r the occnision to M1r Gihson. Hl tlihe enquired of the nnlmembers of the coniregatioion whethter thety adhllered to the call piresentedl to thie Rev Juln Gilbson, and whetller they ip.oltised to give hfin all due ri'espclt,c supportl , and encmi igerIllmelt in his work. 'Tlcey having replied in the llliriintli, Ite asked Mr (ibsonh, if lie iiceptedli the care, ani that. gentltInan hiaving assenlted, he was duly inistalled into ollice. Mtr IRoIs Thn coticliideId the iitduction with an imlIosing t aldress sutiitble to the occasion;. Mlr Gibsnn then addressed the congregtgltionl. anil proceeldedl to ordailn as t'nling "Elder 3c' W\\. Mcleaean. who was untini inousliy elected to that ollice. Mt QGiblson Ithn iallcI'd I down the door, and rieceived 11ro0n ill present, the nrihb I, ind '1 f f llowshlip. At the coticlntsion of Ilt he i service, a nnelting of SeSSiOlt, antd stIhIteqIlienttlv a rneetilg th lie congl'egatioli tIok pilce to t'ecloClo tlie treliort of I it conlni l0t e and elect a f1resh comtnlnilt(e. Th'le report of I lcrced(thirilltee wits tdopled, allnd col lectors Ihaviig l0e1n allppoitilcd, thIc congrtgattioin sepntrtiled inltil Illl-ptist six o'clIIck. when tIhey re asseltbled for a so'ree. whlich was held in hIontntor if thie induction of Mir (Gitlson. 'lThe soiree was theltd il a large pavilion at the inack of theclinurchanrd whichl wS1 erectltd for tlhe ocens'on. Th'lcie wciel nine ita Iles, sPli'ead with Ithle choicest cakes and most, deli Scinius 'ruiIs, to which Ibollit 200 iIer'Slns sat dtown. All'tr the to was ov.1r', Itlhe partl.y nidjllllrned to the chllrch, when, nrl,,,i, Ir p y(r hl i heooi ll red.i,¢l , and a psalni stllti, ItheC ReVMr lllsS1, wast t toeti lhe clthair, Swhlo cx pressed his hIaplincss foir hltvlng o I1en cnlodl Inpoln tto ttiie a I part itn lthlt tday's proceedlilpgs. ndll I concluldcd Iis udtllress with a hope11 that thel Prestly Sterilins of Yit s wotii prove tIleunseles\'C wot'lhy oIf Ithe titnister Ithat wis ,lult day phIneIlt 1 Over thPI. S'I'lThe tleelilig was IIddi'Cesssld Iy Mtr .JLiii'R ? onil, i Ito I'ev Mtr Lillintiston, tihe IHA' Mr D)owsniI, the lRev 3 Mr i Jhitnstii, Mr 0. Lawson. lttlil Mr J. 19. litchin. 1 A vioto of thiiankt to the ladies, prnlotsed bIy .Mr 11igiiinn, fort their nssistlnce tn it Irisidilig overt' the| tlen idhs, It tlnd also to thIo llies who ha it d sniul5 to the hirmoniitln. wns ca, rried ly ucclinithltin. AtIha SciticliAlon of the Ieleting, a coi)ll n ,Otti wis mndto i L lPy off (Il! daiht on the chllr'cl.h, wllch, with lthe lroll ,1es iof thle srolreoe, will i1u11(1itt to the lanttdsole s tm of' neltlly £50.- Cnullutr' A'i'r/s. IInL.oVw,\y's (0.S'r?ttN'r TA.l 't Pir,.tt.--Th'IO est W'iay.--T'oi gnin any onel1r ilier'e are orttenl Inaly wa\\.s, I t ,thl re 1 lw1.1 is itt v'ys a lirst, way. h'lis slatlctlltenlt. Ip lplihi' with wondetfol'll.rl tilet to THolhloway's remiettlls. 'which overicne ill-health tv rl'ivinl nnxinSoil inttl'er rfrtotn I.h frattie, hy re'hai'hig lii'tlkot ni' oitjttted strttc ililoS, tit Innd by estlbilshitg rqtitutiily '' nactolni. 'Tiis lstihe only safe andt feasitlon nnitllod of cnmii ihaintg dliansc anii siocnlrittlagonnd healtlh. .WVith 1turi' blooll; good digesalinoi,'lrongR nerves!, itil ?t rfert ftln'tlontl order most mnladtlies muy. -te va'nqultilel, antid strongthI sirely re- ohstlishnd. The talani and Iheialft in ltallies of Hellownay's Ointment rendmer it itvtltalll In ttle nurs?ty fior healna citll, sotas, nnr. 5l1nratcheS, for ntlaylng linllnmanitlons, reducing awellings, antd cleansitng unhealthy lskins. Grog Seisure - On Tuesday last a very extensive selzure of, grog, &c.;, was- made by Special-constable Carroll from Mr Macleod's stores Braidwood amount. ing in value to about £1000, and taken-,to the pollce office. An application was made by Mr.Fell to the bench on Thursday,.and sustained by Mr Scarvell, for expression of opinion as to the legality of the seizure, it being contended that the promises were registered, that the license money had been duly paid by the former occupant to the 10th January next and the fault of not obtaining a transfer of the name could not subject Mr Macleod to the confiscation of the goods, there being no authority for such a proce dure. The bench expressed the opinion that Mr Carroll had exceeded his power, and recom mended him to return the goods. Mr. Carroll, however, seemed disinclined to follow the advice, and said he would rather wait till the follow ing day before he did so. The bench pointed out that he would do so at his own risk-.their opinion had been sought and they had given it, and they had nothing further to do in the matter. The goods have not been returned. It does appear to us, as to their worships, that the seizure was unwarrantable, and the proceeding seems the more vexatious from the means suggested of remedying the wrong not having been complied with.-Briadwood Dispatch. T'lls T?Veinio Mou'l'rAIN --We take the following from the Ea.n Creek lMiuer:--l)uring the past week no fresh discoveries have been reported, though froin various sources we hear of parties being out ipro specting-but as they have but gone out since the issue ot' the new prospecting regulations it is too soon to expect successful Iresults from their labours. The great scarcity of water also lends to mlake pro speeling morne tedlios and try.ing, as in the present temperature its no1 joke to he conmpelled to ihiump" wvater two or Ihreu mil Is for dullestie pulrposes, as stno are now doing. There are maniy gullies around th ose air ndy disovered, il., hatas fir ' as appetiranets go, look likely ones for gold. In the gullies now working thol gold is being patiently and perseveri ugly lraced andiwilh satifiletry results. I theli first, or Emun Creek gully, the gold is now traced fior fully a mile anI ; Ihalf, payable all the way, though varying iittuch in this resleul-thlie upper end is by fair the the richest.; many claims, it is asserted, will turn ouilt it Ihonnsanti m ian --iertin'ily n-ot n great -- pile," Iut sflirient to enable any man of steady habits to s.,t-lle down (Is tile saying agoes) tnid to use ain A mericanism ito stiick a fork in mtining." As -the rgohl is traced down tIhe gutlly it becomes more scat tored alld less atllundalt I he griound' is dleelper, atnd the wash-dirt not i upto the top end in oil her qim. n lilty or qality A fanciCeI line is marki.d out, and shepherdled fiort a considerable distan e heaud, while a couple of' shftnls are being sunk. If thbottom with a payable prospect, a fresh imulpetus is given-a Intmt Iher of shafts arie stink. pos ibly the ui'jority duill'ers, and the lead or run of gold receives a check until lt ter repeated Irtittls on olher fiancy lines it is traced I onwards. In this gully gold is now traced nearly to tlihe end of George-street, and if' water was a iiild nnt, the gr'ound woull be well tried, as very little doubt can now exist that with plenty of water tand cheap cartage, there will bIe a lnarge area of '. wages grnmund " worked otn it. On lhe uplper end many of thie pile holle " rni now ilocking out. ilidl Iheir pitdilclks are beginning to asstume a well-filled ap pearnncc, hlnt lie great de.trlh of water iv 'ithin it ren sonnale distance liir wahl,ina., purposes, de 'at's the clainiholde'rs from gillityitug the public with a trial of' lheir diit, and any olpinion as to.the prulballe yield must, not be considered as very reliable, as at hIst, it, is hit a gloss. Miany claims are expetedi. t) average from 2 to 8 ozs. to thin iadl. At Oie-tnile Gully' Ihe prospects Iook hnr)althy. tiut glrtat p;ti:ence is r'eqlir'ld to trace the run oft gold that is in it. At intehrvals in ahout a mile and a quairter of its length, payable gold has been obtained, but in trneing it away from these shal'ts, through other cluims, much disappoinlinentI in thile shaie of 'ii nfiers " has licen experienced. WVe fiel sure that for every iole thal has struck goltd, at least a It aen dnfl'rs have been sit unk, which: hias drlisheartened mInny, rcd its hteann theli cause if' many animatlled dis enssions during shilphlterding hours. amongst. the ill lowers of thalt labtoriiols occlpaltlion, lt,ht nlotwitlh slinndig lithe tlhuliers itndi the consequlent difl.cilty in traeine t lhe gtil, th.Ie Ot Mile is int high f.tvotl', and is leing sle:lily persevered witli. ThIe rIeeOt lo-,k wall, and nmeritt he best attenltion of iprorieol.rs of so,e qtalr'tz-crntihirg mateihe.s, wlio wouhl fitl d pert' innenit nnil prnfittile employmnent fio' one, if not two. go ld machines . On the wiole e pliroilpects of the gnoll-fleid are exce'ldinugly chetrful. and promise to inlrerase. . The pinlalt lion is aionllt (0:)0, not mnore we are sre , all mtore than stl'ilint f'or Ihe gralndl yet. opened, hot as we previously remarked' in this rIeport. the so rrlotlllding collnt y is an attlactlive one ftr' tIhet prnospector nndl rwe know not the day, nay lihe hour, when a large, and permanent discovery in.ty hit repnlore. At tpresent we cannot oflfir ally tandi bhin inducemenlts fil men to throw tip stmeidy em-' I lopytellnt or iindertalice a ,joerney of hundreds of nmiles, Iaht we know l'rint many yvur.a exl,'rilnce that onne the fit is on adv'ice is unhetde;l. \Ve honestly helieve thatt Emii Creek is tlhe gairm of an extensive and permannn nt gold-flelld. Ihatllill nrqumire time and Iat.ienen to develope, and tfford steady employmln nt 10 oily' inirni's. (Cllalts.'lAis l,'e ix Syn.oxU'.-Yesterl'day evening Ihe streeft an1Id marknls we're thron.mgted with 1ietltle, who t, irned oel partly to mike purchases flr Christ mls. nilod p'tly to view the manncer in which thbo 1shops h d it e tIreesS'd lldor Ihe iholiday se s,;n. HIun rhdets of' cl'rt-loads of' ('hr:,t'nins Ibushes fi'o:n hie contlry wmv nlpplironlp ia'.dnl by 1th-, varitou shopkeelp i'sa In orluam "s not nnlI t'ln onlt ide, int lhe insiea, of tlheoi' res ecfi o as a iishar!lnIt . Ln11in. atlong Geo(i:ge s'ro.l or Pillt str'eot. or iany of thIe pi'iliciialt crloss sltreets, b t,111 sidosa of Ihe camieoway hl a l.n vilry tnmnll.nconilsl. appeartuune from tIlhe cln inn1111 tAinltes of grIrnmhlnlthen, imlany of whlich :onaineol:t fl1reein Ielrep and matle aln exe'' lent Atstl'ailian nstlli.litite f?tr Ithi English hll . 'I'lho shpl, , nlcnrii all, were dOesstl no it in thi'r mus invilinit 'styles, andl from fhli upli'r storv.s of severial, the 13British Ensign anl itnlhi flaus were proijected nearly noeros the slrot. r 'The hut.I tlm't s' sh a tt , TmIll's inI Pitt-sIireet, min pnrlictlnr. Ulhdh's 'in I ng-street nndI Sot th 1Tonl-r'nn..l.e Rice. Low'r (to'irg-'-s reet., and P. MI; Ca r1eill's nmd T-Inmiblin'iis. v'rious hranch :estiihlisht nle?n s conatminil d.sulples of'' Ile lrinltet irbeer, hosiles lanmh. ponrk, cnrl dial. 'The hmutch'r.' shamtn-' hil's iin Yn-lk-str'oit'- enntlainnd also a penltiul suppl ' ly of nict joint. fr Chriistnna. 'lPurninng inth" the' Mulukets, it wtri wilth nliloulle y one cnllt ghI, along twing to Itho dense crowid. *'l'lh fimnntain Vwas In full Illny. npltist hmim I hle 'rint of hIis flover stall'deco. rntecd wiith Ii lstrmons of overirraens. Butrtoni ind BIrnlett, othier florists iand fri'iitrelr, haid over their strlls thie ,votrd i A MI'i;ry Clris?tnlt nodl Hanppy Niew Year." f-rm'nd oh' rn..s. 'Ithi sItalR s coitultiedl p1 ir.1, 1' ltlll'nln'l-, n rcl. h ieilk n ullt ?i r ll enl'-ranl't, 'lhtrn wive 'nlso new - -ruolnfn. im'osgen iwis t'i 1ureih' hinns, ntnd all:klinmal of ,'eart'l'cl'Ht.s Odti "'. funm A Os to 1-2s each, dtlucks Os amid 84 n pii h 1ii l'a--ill-In -. mmrn'ille. Amonm?g lin -heconlt l rtiolr's; .V'li nih 11nd0 Siudh dlsphtyci ti nn-tosr cnake of 1t hemtlimli'h'.l weight TI-lhnnes hind a mInran L supenlon lhriioo e ith :: iof' -weslmveint. with- 1in'" dllhol w.. wallking- I over it; WVlkia hadl Chllrlistmas cake?s fro?edl andl·.; plh in, liko the - otlhers, at one shillinmg lit?, (r pound. Cnmlpagnannl *o Pitl-,itnct, and aerat?i other confiuetloneri'caI, - knid oici' na suiply- Il' is to bo hoped, not more plentilful than the dulemandlt . The toy bazaars were crowded with purchasers of Christ mas )resents. Letnuir's grantd haull was mug pilcenlly set out for display. .Myers and Solomon's etupriual Wtas 'well patrunisoed Soluntul's hew shup, below the GlasgowAitms, George street, exhi.,ited an attundunl assortment o'.wax dolls, together with a prize fary clltariot, made by the Beaheinluan Glass blowers.. M'Mlaion's toy shop, next City Bank, con tained also "" lots of bargains," not only in toys, but brushes and conmbs of coloniul make. The drapery esatuhlii.tllllenltl were so gorgeously dressed up;, iand, the u'tiles lalled at such reduced prices, that the ladies could scsely pitessthehm \\\itllut, beihig tempt ed to walk inside. The Statlioners and booksellers. were in at position to comply with every wirh in iheir 'line of business; and this renulrlk ippliesequally to 'tire jeiellets. 'hlie clothels, amoungst which is 'Cuhet's Mlonster Hull, hud also artlicles fur Ithe sea suon at renmarktably low prices. TlhIcse various esla blislhuients will cuotinue to wentr their Christulas ha Liilulenits till long after tlhe Now Year, so that no excuse caltl ,e Yt'lert d oIr not heing able to select sontllhiing, no mutter what, as it New Xeuts's'a gilt. Aiitso AND Anti.s'i'No BUl3siittANoriss.-At the B1ruidlaod police oltice on 'l hursday lust, Michael Connell was commnitted to tnke his ttiai at the next Blridwoud General Sessions, hail allowed, prisoner in £200 and two suireties of £tlI) each. 'T he two siureices were immediately librthllcnting, the recng niz.ances taker, and -trisoaner was released frilnl custudy.--Pattitlk and Michael Grillin were charged on remand with aiding and harbouring the outlaw Thomas CIhrke... The evidence ,If Emma tBradley was taken, showing that prisoners had oil two or three occusions taken food to thile uttlaw at the. back of their ihouse at Ortinmier, she being preshnt with her lirotler (the lad Kellyv); she also deposed to having heard the prisoners consent tit lend ''lonlmas Con: ell ia lhose, aid to having seer the horse in Connell's passt sion a day or two afterwards. Alexander Bratdley, her Ihusband, ctrroborated It is wiie's evidence as to the supply of the bread and tiueat to the bulshrlangers, witness lihavitg been one ol the arty, viz.. the two Clurkes,. Connell, and himself, ndl lie deposed to Patrick Grillin having slept in the paddock with them on on~ occesion. [A rather amusing incident in legtr ilt'.l bhap-, ',ented in the ex nmination f' this wiitness ti Mr Cat rroll, w'ti tihe desire, we liestune, tot estalilisli tihe connectioln of thie prisoners with thie ganiig, F'or the purpose of brinrging out further vitderice4of their dolings att the triial in case of a committial, put a question to witness as to what he was conticte. of, to which lMr Scarvell ubject-d, on the ground that the only receivatle evidence on that point was the recotrds of the court. blrt Canrroll gave way without a;ny ado, cooully remarlking, 'Well, I can get it another way. lie then, lucking witness full in the face, with tin undisgtised twinkle in his eye, said, IHiave you any objection to state whether you were present at the ribltery it ll r Taylor's ? This was certainly coming to' tie point. T'he witness, who hadI dispilayed'i admnirtable coolness tlhroughout tile whiile of his evidence and cross-examlinttion, replied. Not in the least; I lHave no' olijoetltn to state that I was at the robbery ait Mr Tal\ lor's, for which I was convicted.-Considering thait tit re was some disagreement intmong the jurors .who hlenrd the case gatinst hitm, it will be some satisfection to those whlo were inl the nminority to heIar this explicit avouwul.] -The pristlers' attorney asked for a remand, iir the purpose of consulting his clients as to whether tlhoe' intended to call evidence lihr the defence. The cnlse was remanded till 'Thuraday next.-Braidtcoodl !)i.ls':pch, Decemnber 22. Tu' 1,1IADlWOOD OL'It.1CE.-The Dispaitrh of Saturilay stays:-Our readers will reneltlier that certain iindefilnite accsations were made by M rt Spe cil l Co. stable Ctlroll ng.ttinst thlle regular poice of this district, in respect to the dillichlties lie alleged hald been thrown in his way' in getting up.the prose cutions ngainst the harbourers o'f ushrangers. A moake like this is a sure indication o1' a fire bretk ing out, and the flatme disclosed itself on T'hursday last, ant the pieceedings on this occasion fi lly detmnmstrated the truth of the axiom, that .n man, even lie he it policeman, can serve two masters. The sudden comnmand by Mr Carroll over tllt police of this district lir thle purpose o'f carrying out. the duties entrusted to him, has evidently considerably. distirganised thie hitherto existing state of things,. as .vas evidenced by the authireais between the rival forces. In the examination iof the witness Alexander Brad'ey, Mr Carroll asked it quiestion its to some interfeirence with him (lr'adley) its to the evidence which he was t'roght up to give, and this tilmper ing was op'enly said to have proceedted from Seniior-constabile \VWiatson. The question was not nallowed to lie answeedc on a technicality raised Irv Mir Sc'arvel. and the matter drop1 ed. itBt at the cinclusion of the case, Senriior-serge:ant I)ulfy, ad dressing the Benih, said lie had been requested by Seniotr- constable W\I'atson to request the Bench to have Bradley broulght into court and examined 'as to Ihe charge that had been insinuated by Special .constalle Catrrll. They had had enuitgh, he said, of,this killin in the drtik, and the police desired tn i' poriunllity of' refuting the calumnies that had he,-n hen led uIpon them and which had gone through the 1ialic ptpers. [Mr Ctrailh: I 'it contantt.] hlie Bhnchl hard recainaaindeda Ilr Carroll to lay an intlrnmtiin hieifre M r Orrilge. and no such infi'r nualitn lhaid lbeen Inid. [IMr Carrtall: Inftrnmntitin has been fitwarded to a higher quarter.] lie hipedc if the plice were io ihe kncked down, they wiould lhe knaclied down ftirly, and tgatin urged tle Benchl to ailow tiheni a cllnce dof' refuting thie nccilslttions. -'l'heir W\orlhips intimated that they wotld inves tigate the matter whein thie clhire-sihet was gone Ithritugh, ind It canmeo n nccrdingly. \hen Brad Iiy was lrcir'ght in, 11r iunn rcnquiired: YeU said stinuietiing in aitur e'idtnce tiahtut soimnthtling that Stniorr-caautstlable Wantsuin saitd to ititi on tihe "" a' fitini Nelligin t will yaru tell tIs tlihat it wits ' Witness: lIe 'akedh me when I einie (nt oa' tlie boat i' I knew what I was gaintg ta hlaidwaiad fir; nndl I s.tid na: he said I wis gaing. it.,ninst po.tttr ild Miik Cannell, nndl lie snid l- stm'thing thoica sotme grut l, r sonithtintg that I was -.gin ugs i witnnss aLbut, nrid thtt if I knew Ullvthinig ahulut it, nat ti nienticn it; I tci]l hirn if I twas put in my O.tlth. I must swear tIle truthl: ie silid tlhat Mr Cunrrall hadt brutiuglut mae ip f?tronl Svdnetv. nnd th'ey weire a lot of rib"isl.--'to Nr Ctrroll: 1 - wis nlh wed t sp acik to JltUies Glillin, irthelir ,fl' the plistnels (itihlin, on the wiiy up.-.-'l'lhe BInch direrted the lalel k ta titr \\\nlt tihe statletinint ta lie Insl"()tor-Gtnerail. titnd to nit ntitn tlht t hie 13tnt'lt dr'enil it ntc'rsus iry lto recit nitnid tlhbt -the eCust should lie investiitera. 'titi Lunuhittut nait U (Nh tit tP.rt.1.t.- \Vte nre in fiatad ihat the Gtv'runtntnt has ffar'nd at rewtal iif £2t(10 ftir th t aphrliht-naitn of thie sctlunldre'ts vlho ihIt Mr iGranltell. "rtLni Intcts which have cile to 1 ltUno t hitldge, woe tire in ;t p?a' iotin tto sttte thiut mtich l, ii thai ncrtery w ich at fitst nti'rlrindtd the idrntily caf the nt mtdtrirs, is nw . hnppily cleitred. nt.d thei p1t-lnbltilitilsanre tlhat iheftre lang the tour datas will le cnItured',.-Ijubbo D)spatuh:/l. IRtItMiAN ('Itiioi.Io Di?ltuSa 4.tpr tlGctt.llnllllN.-A Ml r'h h 'our ttlu ith'ti h. 8 h l. Hat sit itat- thli' ,itwly' ni ttohit edJ litmitn ('nthielle Bilhtp ai' Guti attr Is l)'. ('ritok . ain ]Enihi, h ]itellnti ne. 'hV onttlttr of Arrtlllhllch lho, P wldtig vill hih Vlcar-GOn crul SheeOhy. W'e have not heard this from anty other BOUrce, 