Preserving- our Rivers TO THE EDITOB OF THE ATJSTEAXASLSJC. Sir,-A correspondent, I think, asked the other day whether anyone had ever caught bream by moonlight. I could not help laugh ing whe^I jread Jiis (jue^, doubt on the subject, let him make himself as invisible as possible,, and flit^ajb^ut with me over the Yarra and Saltwater rivers some of these breezy, cool, or cold fights, rather, and see if bream, and bther fish, too, are not caught by " moonlight," and1 axe Been by the daylight next morning in certain shops not a hundrtd miles from Swanston-strce^. The worst of it ii/theee uh'fortimate 'fish neverliave a chanttte dfthbwing sport ; they ner^r get sb much asi kibkfor their pains ; hauled up in' the ruthless net, and packed in a "basket, they are borne off to market*; to expose their silvery Bides on the* fishmonger's slabs, where : Piicator A1, or A'500 fox that matter, may feast his eyes with them, |and imagine what 1 spgrt they would give liim at the end of twenty yafds of line. T^ie few bream, Sir, naW lp«s in lour rivers .will, never bp asked to bite by :mqonlight, or daylight either; their fateia 'the net, their ultimate destination the calpa ctions maws of M'ttBMlI'MVHI' Babylon. ;Al»s.! vw " ffy'xm'PfySPQW*****.' ^there's 4 |fep % Jtt»fs f#pjwt«#j.fippc rwMrJdr fiPPC£ to £ to Professor M'Coy to know what fish it is, as all the members will have forgotten. I asked a practical man the other day, a good angler, what he thought about preserving the rivers. His answer was, " Capital"-but added these significant words, " if it could be done." There's the rub. There's no question " Pike" is right, and we shall havo no fish. The ex pense and trouble of preserving would, I fear, Bend the society to the Insolvent Court, and the secretary to his grave. The river now swarms with mullet. I wonder how many nets are now at work. I fear, friend " Pike," it's all up with angling, and before long you may put jour rod in a glass case as a relic of the past, a memento of happy days never to return. Tour only resource will be to read those glow ing accounts of angling in the old country, of ealmon twenty and thirty pounds being taken, of perch and jack, barbel and chub, roach and dace, the glorious speckled trout that you used to play so well in days of auld lang syne. But I won't drive you cranky all &t; once, so con elude. ?Yours, <fcc., IZAAK'S G-HOST. 