SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide. 3rd Ancnst. The new steamer Murray leaves for Melbourne to-morrow. Victorian hides letcheil at auction to-day from 15s 3d to 15s Cd.. CnovrpED Out.—We are compelled to hold over yesterday's Borough Police Court report, and the report of the llnywood Borough Council. AN EXPLANATION.—Mr Robert Bracher writes to us that neither he nor his brother George are any relations of or in any way connected with a person who appeared in the Police Court on Thursday, and whose name, which we gave as "Bracher" should have been "Brasher." The Wf.atiier.—The rain of Thursday night continued t:ifiill till early on Friday morning, after which only uu occasional shower fell.! T?he ther mometer registered in the shade at Messrs Joseph and Co's, Pall Mall, on Friday, as follows:— 9 a.m.-, 50° ; noon, 59°; 3 p.m, 59° ; 6 p.m, 55°. Barometer rising slightly. The Lyceum The at he will be opened this evening by Miss Kate Sedgwick's Dramatic, Magical and Musicnl Company, comprising a number of artistes from the London, New York and Californian theatres. Eight IIouks1 Association.—A meeting in connection with this association is to he held at the United Kingdom Hotel, Golden-square, to night, to elect a sub- committee and transact other business. Tub New Chum Accident.—The miner named Lawson, whose foot was amputated on acconnt of the injuries he received at the accident on the New (-Ilium Reef a few days ago, lies in a very precarious state in the hospital-. The other day an artery hurst for the second time, and about two inches of the bone of the leg had to be sawn off before the artery could be tied. Applications for L\m> —An intimation from the Government appears in another column in connection with the 42nd clause of the Amending Land Act, 1865, to the effect that Government contract surveyors have been prohibited receiving applications for allotments which have been pro claimed for sale by auction. Donation to the Benevolent Asltum.—Dr Boyd, the hon sec. to the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum, begs to acknowledge receipt of ten guineas from John Holmes, Esq., in aid of the building fund. ' The Victoria Reef Gold Mines Company.— At the 260 feet level, this company are still con tinuing their crosscut. They are now in 37 feet, and expect the reef to be no less than 60 feet in thickness. The stone raised, from 140 to 150 tons, looks very promising, and specimens may be picked up at hazard from the heap in which the gold can readily be seen. A Rich Mine.—The yields of gold from the Advance Company, on the Victoria lleef, continue-^ ■ as rich as ever. Only the other day a cake of the precious metal, weighing over 811 ozs, was laid before the shareholders as the result of a month's work, and a dividend of L32 per eightieth share was declared. There is likely to be a law suit 1'or the recovery of five shares in the company, and a matter of some L2,000 will hinge on the result. The shares, it appears,- belonged to a gentleman in the coffee-roasting business in Sand hurst, who gave them as security on a bill, to be returned when the bill was paid. That, we understand, has been done, but the shares have not been forthcoming, and the lawyers are to be called to settle the dispute. The Insufficiency of Police Protection in Sandhurst was brought under the notice of the Council yesterday, consequent on the occurrence of the late numerous robberies, and it was agreed that the Mayor and Or Burrowes—both of whom were to be in Melbourne in a few days—should wait on .the Chief Secretary and fully represent the matter to him. Establishment or A Punnc Maiiket.—At the meeting of the Council yestcrdaj', the question of establishing a public market cnine before it, on the petition of a number of the dispossessed stall holders at Charing Cross, for permission to locate themselves on the vacant allotment at the corner of Mitchell-street. The question of the legality of occupying it for market instead of bath pur poses was fully discussed, and, with the exception of Cr O'Keete, the majority of the Council pre sent agreed to give the stallholders the permission they asked for, with the understanding that the Council were to be absolved from.: the conse quences of any legal responsibility should there lie any objection raised, as was the case with Charing Cross. Shaksperian Entertainment.—An entertain ment of an excellent character was given at the Temperance Ilall last night by Mr G-. S. Hough. It consisted of a reading of " Macbeth " as a first part, and the celebrated trial scene of " Bardell v Pickwick!' as a concluding piece. ,Mr Hough, who has a special aptitude for this kind of thing, made a few introductory remarks apropos of the entertainment, which, he said, was of a drawing room character. He referred to three ways of studying Shakspere—private study, readings such as he gave, and the study from the stage. All of these had their merits, but in all, if any good was to result, the student must be attentive, and allow his mind to be impressed. It would he his (Mr Hough's) endeavor to establish " Shaksperian Nights Entertainments" on Bendigo, and he trusted that before long similar entertainments would be held in other portions of the colony. He expressed his gratification at seeing so many ladies present, and having their patronage, he felt sure the "Shaksperian Nights Entertainments" would succeed. The tragedy of "Macbeth" he alluded to as one of the latest and most sublime of Shakspere'» creations. It dealt with the weird world, and in connection with this he pointed out that an interesting line of {thought could arise out of a study of the various kinds of Shakspere's- spirits—the witches, ghosts, Caliban, and Ariel. He then proceeded with bis reading and succeeded admirably, showing a thorough appre ciation of the work he was interpreting and a critical discrimination in his reading that was evidence of close study. The applause of the audience wa9 heartv. iust. and frennent. The reading concluded at the end of tbe second act, Mr Hough informing his hearers that it was his intention to resume the reading on Wednesday, and if encouraged he would give a series of similar entertainments, always concluding with a reading of a lighter character. The breach of promise case " Bard ell v Pickwick" was then rend, and the full humorof the piece was well brought out,and set the audience into a high state of merriment. During the evening, Mrs Fatherly performed on the harmonium selections from Locke's music in " Macbeth," and also selections from " Norma,'' eliciting great applause. Tub Commissioner op Lands and Works.— The Ballaarat Star says:—" The Corner was the scene of an altercation' of rfttlier a demonstrative sort on Toff"day, not this time between two miuing speculators, but between a Minister of Public Work* and tbe Returniug-officer lor elec tion of; mi-inners of:the Legislature. It seems that Mr H •!•:< r reads the Act relative to the plnce of declaration of nominations for members of Assembly to be his own office door, that being literally the same ait that at which the nomina tions were required to he lodged. The same plan was followed by Mr linker at .the Inst elec tion, but Mr Vale does not seem to have under stood it, and wai probably baulked of his desire to exercise his ' human voice divine' at the regu lar hustings. An accidental meeting of the two led to a little row, and n very emphatic denial of Mr Vale's assertion*. We are happy to add that no breach of the peace resulted." 