YE ROYAL SOCIETY'S MUSEUM. BY RUM CODGER, ESQ., F. R.S. HAVE you been to the famous museum, Where the Royal Society show, All their curious things—theyr'e worth seeing, So if youv'e not been, we say go! The place is chok-full of the queerest Contrivances ever youv'e seen, Gems of nature and art, and the dearest Of pictures is there, of the Queen. There are helmets of brave Russian soldiers, Who fell upon Inkerman's plain, And busts of Tasmanian natives Whose fair forms we'll ne'er see again. i There are snakes of all sizes, in bottles, A tear which a crocodile wept; ; And a promise once made by a Treasurer, i Which was afterwards actually kept. There are 'possums and wild cats and spiders, I The skin of a queer flying mouse; ! A huge bundle of H's picked up on j The floor of the Parliament house. i There's the trowsers big Jack of the Huon | Wore, when only three feet in height; | And the brain of a true whitewashed Yankee, a Never known to tell lies, blow, or skite. 1 There are coins of all periods and nations, I But,to my mind, the rarest and best, Is a crooked and half worn out sixpence, 1 1 Once found in the Treasury chest. There are lots of stuffed birds of all sizes, ; From Black Swans to English Larks ; i And a bags which contain a year's parings Of the nails of our Government Clerks. There are Esquimaux dresses of seal skin, A gun which a Maori once fired, And a finely stuffed City Policeman Who was always on hand when required. ' There's a piece of the Telegraph Cable, Once laid down across Bass' Straits ; A stone from the great tower of Babel, And the Ghost of unpaid City rates. There are models of boats, prows, and colliers; Drays and Coaches peculiar are there; And the hat of a Hobart Town cabman Who ne'er charged an extortionate fare. There's the wig of a once honest Lawyer Who died of starvation—and see A queer fossil chipped off from Stone buildings Stamped, always " look out for your fee," There are marbles and pots of the Pharaohs, With Jars from Imperial Rome ; And a Benedict—what could be rarer ? Who never once wandered from home. There are fishes and shells of the ocean, Frogs, lizards, and various crabs ; The plan of perpetual motion, Or, the organ of woman " wot gabs." I could tell you of many more wonders, But believe me, the best of the bunch, Are, the museum's two maiden numbers! Of Mr. Tasmanian Punch. 