GENERAL NEWS. ' Early on Monday morning, a coachman..was driving; ft phaeton and pair down Rundle-street, when the' horses bolted near the Hamburg Hotel. The driver: lost all command over them, and: they dashed along, the footpath for about 100 yards, and at last came' into violent contact with the gas pillar at the Globe! Inn, where one of the horses was thrown down, and' the pole and, trees were smashed. The body of the; carriage was' not injured, neither was the driver nor! horses hurt. The footpath happened to be quite, clear at the time, or some serious accident must have resulted.: By the Ooorong we; have intercolonial news to the! following datesMelbourne, February 1; Sydney, January 27; Brisbane, January 25; Launceston,; January 27; Hobart Town, January 27. On Sunday evening, about 6 o'clock, a p'erson of j the rftme of Severn was driving a spring cart con taining several females and a little boy, and turning out of the Brownhill Creek-road into Rundle-street, ; Kent Town, the vehicle capsized, and all the personal in it were pitched out into the road. Severn himself; had his ancle dislocated and was severely bruised,; and the boy was also much injured. They were ati once removed in other conveyances to their; homes.! The horse was a good deal cut in the flank and the ! trap was damaged. A sailing match between the boats' Polly, belong-, ing.to Mr. J. Lavin, and Harriett, belonging to< Mr. O'Hallorah, and which ran first and second in; the second class sailing match at the Port Regatta,] came off on Saturday last for £10 a side. The course] being from a buoy off the Government Steps to a; buoy off Schnapper Point. The boats started at the j appointed time—2 o'clock, and on getting a way the! Polly took the lead as far as Levi's Wharf, when the ; Harriett shotahead, and led all the way down, round-; ing the bouy off Schnapper Point about one minute! ahead. The boats had ,to beat back, when the Polly ; soon began to gain upon her antagonist, and passed her, coining in the winner exactly by one minute.; The race was a very close and Very pretty one throughout, and there was a nice breeze for the; occasion. The Rev. William Taylor preached twice in the: Jubilee Churchy Kent Town, on jSunday, February 4. ] In the morning his discourse was based upon the ' words "But ye shall receive power, after that the: Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be wit nesses unto me both in: Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and . in: Samaria, and unto the utter most part of the, earth."—Aots i., 8i The rev. gentleman selected as the subject of his remarks in the evening the text Ezekiel xx*iii., 11. Collections were made after each service for the purpose of de fraying the expenses of enclosing that church with a fence and erecting some out-buildings. A public meeting, presided over by the Rev. Thomas Williams, of Victoria, is advertised to take place this evening. The conclusion of' the match between the South Australian and the United Tradesmen's. Cricket Clubs* took place on the old ground of the latter Club, oh the North Park Lands, on Saturday, Feb ruary 3. There was a small sprinkling of spectators on the ground, who took an interest in the game. Some excellent play was made on both sides, and the game, which occupied three Saturday afternoons, resulted in the United Tradesmen be coming the victors by three runs and two wickets to fall. Each side had two innings, and the total score wade by the South Australians was 241; and that of the Tradesmen being 244. The highest scores in the first innings, on the side of the South Austra lians, were made by W. H. Rosman, who succeeded by careful batting, in getting 55 runs without being put out; and .Rivaz, 25. In the second innings, the highest were Aldridge, 50 ; and H. Cowie, 37. On the - aide of the Tradesmen, the best scores were, in the first innings, Pinkstone, 32, and Bebee, 21; and in the second innings, J. Gooden, 35 ; and Botten, 21\. ' ' • A new chancel has just been added to St. Matthew's Church, Kensington, and on Sunday evening last His Lordship the Bishop .consecrated the new addition. The congregation was very large, and His Lordship preached an appropriate sermon: from the words con tained in the 24th verse of the 9 th chapter of Hebrews. ' The anniversary of the Methodist New Connexion Church, in Franklin-street, was commemorated on Sunday, February 4. In the morning the Rev. Clement Linley, of Melbourne, officiated, and took for his text, Jude i., 20 and 21. In the afternoon, the Rev. W. Taylor, Wesleyan Minister, of Calfornia, preached from ! John, iv., 16 and 17. The chapel was completely filled at this service, the aisles and doorway being very crowded. The Rev. Mr. Linley conducted the evening service, when.he discoursed from Phillipians i., 21. There were full congregations throughout the day, and the three collections, we believe, amounted to a liberal sum. The anniver sary services will be continued this evening, when a tea and public meeting will take place. The tea will be laid in Mr. Hoskin's schoolroom, and the public meeting will be held in the church, when the Rev. Messrs. Linley and Calvert, of Fiji, will be present, and take part in the proceedings. Ths Rev. James Calvert, missionary from Fiji, delivered an address.to the scholars of a number of Adelaide Sunday-schools, in addition to those of the Wesleyan Schools, in the Pine-street chapel, on Sunday afternoon, February 4. The body of the spacious building was well filled with children, and a tolerably. large number of their parents and friends occupied the gallery. The rev. gentleman commenced by,giving ah account of his conversion, and then pro ceeded to relate .the circumstances attendant upon his determining to offer himself as a missionary to the .Fiji-Islands.- He referred to the savage state in which the inhabitants of those islands were when he first visited them, and related many instances of the bene ficial effect which the preaching of the Gospel had had upon them. He then, after giving some interest ing information respecting the islands, and the people who inhabited them, brought a very excellent address to a termination by urging upon those present —the young especially—the duty which devolved upon them of. supporting the mission of which he had been speaking. Mr. John Cox, the late Manager of the City Baths, and who had long been in the service of the: Corpora tion, died on Friday, .February 2, and his remains vjrere interred,,pp. Sunday after noon-The .deceased gentleman was a Mason and an Oddfellow, and the ftmeral was ' conducted with full Masonic honors, ?ho Masons assembled ft'their Hell in Ruadlp»f treefc and marched to the deceased gentleman's residence* near C-renfell-street, as did.also the Oddfellows. The usual emblems of Masonry were borne by the brethren, and the funeral regalia was worn" by the Oddfellows, of whom there- was a large gathering. "'TheseJ to* gether with the hearse and tw;o mourning coaches, a number of private vehicles, and;a portion of the Ade laide; Itegimental Band,: were formed into procession, andmarched along G-renfell, King William, and Frank lin streets, and West-terrace, to the Cemetery. On the way to the grave the band played the solemn music of the " Dead March in Saul." Among those present besides the immediate friends and relations,- were His Worship the Mayor, the Town Clerk, the City Sur veyor, and other officers of the Corporation. The Rev. Nathaniel Bennett officiated at the Cemetery, and at the conclusion of the burial service W.M. Sagar read the Masonic oration over the grave, the reading being accompanied by the usual funereal for malities of the'mystio Order.;. C.S. W. Leaver alBO read the Oddfellows' addresS prepared for these occasions, and these having been concluded, and the sprigs of myrtle having been cast into the grave by the Masons, the assemblage shortly dispersed. The funeral was conducted by Mr. Oliver Rankin, of Flinders-street. 