V.—RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Diocesan Synod met at the Church Office, Leigh-<*> street, on Monday afternoon, for the purpose of receiving a valedictory address from the Bishop of Adelaide- There was a lane attendance of clergy and lalty. After the pro- credlng?bad been opened wlm prayer, the Very Bey. the Den briefly alluded to Hii Lordship's Intended departure for a short time to England, and presented the following address on behalf of the Synod:— ••To the Bight Bey. Augustas (by Divine permission), Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "HyLord—We, the clergy and lay representatives of the diocese, desire to offer you, on the eve of your departure to England, some assurance of the high esttmatian in which yoar services are held, and of onr desire that the blessing end protection of God may rest on yon during the period of yonrabsenoefromtbedloeese. *^ "Yonhavenowpreslded over Oils portion of theChnroh during a period which constitutes a large portion of any human life. Daring the whole of that time Four activity and zeal have been exemplary to all over whom yoa have had authority; and, while we shrink from the use of flattering words, we fed it would not be honor able to ue If your long labors In the service of God and in {the special -work-of onr beloved Chnroh were to fan or doe recognition. Arriving here, as yon did, in the vigor of manhood, we rejoice to ace that, although 19 years hare passed away, and these yean of hard work In a trying climate, your eye Is not dim nor your natural foroe abated. We trust that, as the result of the voyage to England, the reunion with old friends, the opportunity of witnessing the marveUons activity of the Chnroh at home, of which every mall brings us the tidings, and all the incitements to plea sure and- intelligence which you will find in England, you may return to us with new Ufe and energy. We share with you In the pleasure with which yon lookforward to a meet ing once more with a dear and venerable mother, whose life has been prolonged beyond the ordinary age of matt, and in the opportunity of ouennglt?r onoe more the offices of filial "But we cannot rest content wlUi this expression of per sonal kindness. Touts has been the office of first Bishop in a country destined, we cannot doubt, to play an important part in the history of this continent. It Is natural, therefore. that we should desire to contrast the position of the Church at the tune of your first arrival, as well as at the time of your return from a visit to England in 185*. with its present position and prospects. When yoa arrived In 1847, the number of clergy were five; the only churches built were two in Adelaide, one at the Start, one at Gawler, one at Mount Barker, and a temporary erection at Port Adelaide. When you returned from a visit to JEnEi?™i in ism, the number of the clergy had increased to 23, and the number of charges to 35. Bow we have B6 churches, and (If we in - dude two clergymen absent on leave) 38 clergymen. Many thousands of pounds have been expended on these churches, and they are, almost without exception, free from debt If we test Uie provision for the spiritual wants of our people by a comparison with otter colonies, we find we bare aboutone clergyman for every l^oooftfae church population; which Is more than three times the provision made in the neighboring and far wealthier colony of Vic toria, When, moreover. It Is considered that there is no State aid to religion; that we have for many years been left entirely to our own resources; that the only voluntary aid from the Church at home Is £Eooa year from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, for special purposes; the existing atate of the Church seems more encouraging than the most sanguine could htve beforehand ventured to hope for. Much of tills we cheer fully recognise as due to your unconquerable energy. One of those gifts fitting yon for the work yon have bad to do has undoubtedly been a sanguine temper of mind, persuading yon that what seems the right thing to do Is also possible to men determining to do it Wemay.atleast, with agood con science, congratulate you on the remit, as regards the pro gress of the Church; although we may fed that the very rapidity of that jpt ogress has limited the means at the disposal of the Chnran for securing a suitable maintenance tofiie clergy. Even as regards this latter question, how [ ever, it is satisfactory to know that a substantial beginning has been made in the establishment of a system or moderate endowments. " We rejoice to remember also that lunld the dally struggle to meet the wants of a growing and always changing population, the extensionof the Church and the ChrtsKanii ation of the Heathen have not beenforgotten. The original Diocese of Adelaide has been subdivided. Western Australia, originally a portion of it. has now its own Bishop and a body of 13 clergy. The Foonlndie Native institution, which owes so much to the personal zeal and the noble generosity of Bishop Hale, If now self-supporting. The Helanesian (fission has been adopted as part of the work of our Church, and an Income enffident for the maintenance of 25 native scholars provided. "Finally, we, who represent the members of the whole Church, lay and clerical, congratulate your Lordship on the establishment of the Synod, which, after the exercise of 10 years, we can now say has worked welt It bas afforded a happy occasion for the interchange of Bentimente among clergy and laity from different parts of the diocese. Smoul dering discontents have there found free expression, and been dispersed by the application of such remedies for >Tt««ng evils as were practicable ; a central system for the fair and equal distribution of ear funds has been provided; the spirit of mutual courtesy and charity has been pro moted ; and the result has been, amid whatever varieties of opinion, harmonious action on the part of the Bishop, clergy, and laity in all that has seemed calculated to secure the best Interests of the Church. "We have now only to bid you farewell, and we do so with the prayer that the watchful providence of God may preserve yon and your family amid all perils of the sea, and with the hope that ere long we may welcome you back amongst ns In safety. " We are. my Lord, with muoh respeot, '•Ton faithful servants in Christ. "James Faxbeu, M.A-, Dean of Adelaide." (And numerous other signatures.] His Lordship the Bishop thanked the Synod for their address In feeling terms, nndaald be was too old for sanguine anticipations of bis vtoit to England. There might be many familiar noes be should miss, and many changes which would be r?'"<>'' to witness. He referred to Us first arrival In South Australia, end thanked -God that Us steps bad been directed to this colony. When they looked at the position of the Church now to what It was at first they could indeed say—" Thus far the Lord hath helped as." He then read the following valedictory address on the present state of the diocese:— "Rev. and Dear Brethren—l have requested your atten dance to-day, on the eve of my departure for England, with tbe view of settiq? before you the actual state of the dlooeee* and directing attention to those matters which, daring my temporary absence, may call for the watchful care of the Dean, my commissary, or of this Synod aiding him, if need be, by their counsel and support. It will be in some sort sn account of my ecclesiastical stewardship up to the time of my departure, and 'a * setting in order the household of Goi committed to my charge before I leave it for a season. It may lessen in some degree the solicitude of the Dean, and relieve the body of the Church from foebodings of evil during the ensuing year. Nor will It, I trust, weaken the ties which bind as to each other, tf I ask your supplications at the throne of (trace for myself and family, that the good providence of God may prosper our going and returning over the gnat deep, and. if I return, commend you to God and the word of His grace, bidding you God speed in watching: over the welfare of the AngUoan Church in this diocese. During the course of this mouth last year. It will be remembered that, besides the Eev. C. Marryat, absent by leave, three other clergymen took their final departure from tne diocese—Messrs. Jacks an. Sheldon, and Duttoh Green. "The parochial system of the Anglican Church depends so essentially on the residence of a minister (who is the parson or person—OieChurchimpersonate), thatCheremoval of four incumbents at the same time could not but cause much embarrassment and some difficulty in filling up the cures. The responsibility of setaeti?g clergymen, or of appointing to vacant cures. Is ao great that such a crisis Is always one of anxiety, lest offences should arise and the ministry be blamed. Use what precautions we may (and I have endeavored to use all that the law and "canons of the Church, as well as experience point out), still there will creep in those who cannot be examples to the flock in the things that be of God. Yet without reckoning such in the number, I marvel to find that daring the wist year, eight dergyhava been added to the body—Messrs. HoweU, Tanner, Wilson, Priests; Deacons Hndie. Howitt, dayfidd. and L'Estrange. The Bey. Jaspar Smyth, selected by Mr. Hsiryat,isonhls voyage out Two more have migrated from tfce Diocese of Melbourne with testimonial* duly signed by the Bishop and-clergy, one of whom resigned his licence atthe close of last year, and the other has not received as yet any appointment. The total of licensed clergy to this date is 38. At Mount Barker and Balhannah new churches have been buflt and opened for divine service; also a capacious and beautiful edifice at Mount Gambler. That at Melrose, after great difficulty In the transport of materials. is just completed, while at Aldlnga and Goolwa others have been commenoed. St. Paul's. Adelaide, has received a large addition; St Luke's has been renewed and beautified. When these have been completed the number will be 60. ••The last year has further been marked by the largest number of candidates for confirmation in any year since I administered tile diocese. My approaching departure for England may have added some few, but I observed not many under the usual age of 16, while, on tte other hand, I was struck with the seriousness of all, as well as the number This has been purely a voluntary act, and as it has taken place after an interval from their confirmation, it may be taken as a, favorable sign of the religious sincerity of these young members of the Church. The total number confirmed Is 274 in nine months. *■ It was my wish to visit personally every portion of this extensive diocese before leaving It for a season. Darin? the past 12 months, therefore, I have twice visited Kobe Town and Mount Gambler, besides Port Ltoeolu. Moonta, Wal laroo, and Kadlna, as well as Port Elliot, TankalUla. Mount Torrens, and Balhannah and Mount Barker, WiUanga. Aldinga, and Kapnnda; indeed, there is scarcely a church In which I have not officiated. " The labors or the missionary chaplains, the Bey. B. T. Craig and the^ev. No well Twopeny, have been sHU more ex tensive. I can hardly overrate the valne to the diocese of this itinerancy among the rural congregations. Hot a single place where Mr. Craig his officiated but has responded warmly to Us kindly «al by completing, adorntog. Improv ing their church, and all things connected with the doe ceTebratien of Divine service. I believe, also, that in spiritual things his exhortations have been much blessed as they ore certainly deeply valued. Mr. Twopeny's well taownjonrneyinm on tJorsebaok daring a season when the drought in the North has proved so distressing to man and beast. sDeak for themselves. They manifest his zealous care of souls scattered in the far bush. While I am addressing you he Is completing a missionary tour along the Western coast and dbrtrietof Flinders. He Informs me that the settlers would gladly raise iiso per annum towards the stipend ot a missionary clergyman. I think It would be we.l If the Synod would rote an equal amount in aid of such subscriptions, so that an ap pointment might be made. The missionary clergyman should be placed under the direction of Mr. Twopeny, whom 1 have named Archdeacon of Flinders, that arch deaconry including also Yorke'e Peninsula and the country north of the Broughton. "A question ot much practical importance, and which deeply concerns the laity, needs immediate solution—it is (hat of marriage in private houses. The Anglican Church strongly inculcates the solemnization of marriage in the church Itself; although In England special licence is granted by the Archbishop of Canterbury to persons of rank, on. payment of a heavy fee. A dispensation is thus procured for the celebration of the rite oat of canonical hours in private booses, Hw' Itx .tocf of tMs colony permits every minister of any denomination to exercise a like prtvUegehere only between the hours of 8 and s. ByOrdlnanoeNo. 12. IM*, such marriages in private dwellings are prohibited to clergy of the Church ot England. This acts ■hardly on them, not merely in ■ monetary point ot view, bnt it often takes away from their ministry another Im portant matter-those who. whether from personal or local reasons, wish for privacy on such ocoagtoiu lam advised that the difficulty may be got over thus: By Or dinance 12,1842. marriages are valid when celebrated ac cording to the forms and usages of the Church of England. The latter clause clearly includes marriages by banns or licence in a efturco, andjjby special lieenoe out of aenureh. The legal question remains, "Does that Ordinance Import the Archbishop ot Canterbury's Court of Doctors Com mons into this colony ? " or. if that supposition is absurd because impracticable, does the power of special dispensa tion revert to the Bishop? This ancient customary right of the Bishops was reserved by the Act 25, Henry Till., c. 21, called the Act of Dispensation. In the bosh, whet* there are no churches, such a licence is frequently necessary; and lam inclined to think that the time is come when, at the reqnest of any respectable parties, where there Uno collusion and no legal impediment ascertained, as at present by affidavit duly sworn, such special licences might be issued by the Bishop's surrogates aa they see pressing: occasion. I believe also that a modification oflne marriage licence-fee la expedient. If so I might suggest that marriage by licence should be double that or marriage by banns. A Joint Com-1 mittee or clergy and laity may successfully arrange thi?< matter. With regard to clergymen coming to this diocese of 5 their own accord, and not invited by the Bishop, experience compels me to remark that the ordinary testimonials signed by three incumbents, counter-signed by the Bishop, are not sufficient guarantees. Without casting any stigma upon strange clergymen, I have resolved In future to require references to lay as well as clerical gentlemen of standing in the district hut served by such clergymen in other colonies, and meanwhile to make licence tooffidatemerely provisional, that is, revocable at the pleasure of the Bishop. Any hasty act of revocation might be avoided by acting judicially in this matter with the advice or the Dean and Chapter. "In conclusion. I may say that, satisfied with the general character or the clergy at present licensed, as well aa with the growing desire In many places in the diocese for the ordinances of the Anglican Church, I commend the clergy and laity of this Synod, as well as or the Church at Urge, to God and the word of His grace, which is able to build you up, and give you an inheritance among them that are sanctified through faith in Jesus Christ. For myself, I may add that 1 neither covet nor ask for any man's silver or gold. Bnt Ido wish to see onr Anglican clergy mor liberally maintained. Ido wish to see our houses of prayer not only numerou? and spacious, bnt comely in form and ornaments. I do wish to see an honest and affectionate zeal for the welfare and. progress of that Church and its services—a Cbnreh which, if not altogether without blemish or spot never theless has preserved in her Articles and Prayer Book evangelic truth combined with apostolic order, which by standing on the 'old ways* and canonical scrip tures, affords a basis of Catholic union for the Churches of the East and West, as well as Protestant Evangelical com munions. If this union in Christendom is to be restored, it will be. not by requiring liturgical uniformity, but by nnity in iaith, in discipline, and admlnistraion of the sacra ments. Moreover, adhering as the Anglican Ctrarcb does, to the old canons or the Hebrew Scriptures, there Ib a door left open for the ancient Israel of God to enter Into the fol • of their own Messiah, and to be grafted, through her minis tration, on their own olive-tree of the Church. May the blessing of God be upon these ministrations, and remain with his people for ever." On the motion of Canon Bdsseix, seconded by Canon Fabb, the Synod resolved itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering that portion of the Bishop's address which referred to marriage in private houses. After tome discussion as to the mode of proceeding, in which the Very Bey. the Dean, Canons Farr and Bussell, Mr. C. D. Cooper, and others took part, it was generally agreed that a subject of such great Importance should not be disposed or withont more special notice. The Synod having resumed, the following resolution was adopted:— "That this Synod adjourn to Thursday, February 8, at three o'clock, for the purpose of considering that portion of the Bishop's address relating to marriage in private houses, and that there be a call of the Synod." VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE BEY. JAMES AND MBS. CALVEBT. There was a meeting at the Lecture Hall, Firie-street, on Monday morning, February 19, to bid farewell to the Bey. James and Mrs. Calvert, veteran missionaries from the Fiji Islands. A considerable number of persons assembled on the occasion. The proceedings having been commenced with singing and prayer. Toe Sev. Johh Watsfobd, Chairman of the District, was voted to the chair. He said he had always anticipated that Mr. and Mrs. Calvert would not be allowed to leave i South Australia, without carrying away gone slight 1 acknowledgment of their labors and their work. Having, I however, so much upon hand, they found themselves pushed into a corner; bnt the other^evenmg a few friends met together to arrange a testimonial, and they found that the ladies had been before them. Nothing could be more delightful or pleasant than the present meeting, while there was also a degree of painful feeling experienced, for be was persuaded that, if there was one man more than another that the Church delighted to honor, It was then- friend before them—(cheers)—and If there was one woman more than another more honored and loved, he believed in his heart that that woman was Mrs. Calvert. (Applause.) He knew Mr. Calvert 25 years ago, and. about 22 years since, after tossing about in the old Triton, he landed at the Island of lAkembue and met Mr. Calvert, and he should never for get it. He met him wrapped about with s Urge blanket coat, having for a long time suffered very severe affliction. He knew him eight or nine years in Fiji, and he was asso ciated with him in one of the most tearful and trying: events of bis life, and one which wonld never be forgotten—when they Btrove together to save a number of wretched women from the strangling rope. He knew that God had honored him in the salvation of many there who should be bis crown and joy in the day of the Lord. And be was sure also that every missionary and every missionary's wife there regard* Mrs. Calvert as their mother in the Lord -as the mother of the Mission. He could not trust himself on this subject much more. He had labored with Mr. and Mrs. Calvert and the sainted John Bant, and he regarded It as the greatest honor of his life to do so. He would, however, leave others to speak. They were not going to make any formal affair of it, but simply a sort of love-feast, and he would only ask the speakers to be briet The Bey. J. DDim said he wished to turn up the hard side of his heart for five or ten minutes in order that he might give expression to a few remarks. The Chairman had testified the love and kindness shown towards him by their friends Mr. and Mrs. Calvert, and he had no doubt that during the seven or eight yean of which he had spoken he bad experienced much of it He(Mr. Dunn) how ever could not think that love was so great a« was Bhown to him by their friends during the twelve months he stayed at Fiji. Indeed, he felt they bad crammed all their love into the one year he was there which they extended over the seven or eight eight years of the Chairman's stay at * ijL Indeed, what with the trouble and disappointment he met with, he believed that had it not been for the consoling letters written by Mr. and Mrs Calvert to himself and wife he sbonld have died ont altogether. He received every kindness and every comfort from them. His heart was too full to allow him to say much at that time, but he was sure that this would be the testimony of every man and woman in the mission there. In proof of this he might say that Mrs. Calvert-the other day banded him some letters which she had received from Fiji. They might consider "Dear friend " or "Dear Sister" as a very loving term, but the feelings of the writer found expression in the words •' My preeions Mamma." (Cheers). He mentioned this simply to show that he was not at all exaggerating when be spoke of the great respect and esteem In which Mr. and Mr'. Calvert were held by the missionaries there. Mr. Calvert was always writing to them, and he never heard a missionary complain of his not writing frequently. Their only difficultyappeared to be. to read them-(laughter)—bat these letters were a source of pleasure to those who received them. As to the great work Itself, no one could dispute the great benefit which Mr. and Mrs. Calvert had been as far as souls were concerned. When they thought of giving honor to whom honor is due, how far they came short with respect to tb>ir friends; but he was Bore they wonld give them credit for a desire to show them honor, by the fact that so many bad come there in the business hours of the day to bid them farewell. (Cheers.) When individuals carried out any earthly, work they were honored, and espe cially so, when by doing so. they placed their lives In jeopardy. They anxemembered the heroic action of the Hon. Mr. Phillips,. In riding into the sea and rescuing two drowning men; but what was that to the conduct of Mr. and Mrs. Calvert? They dashed into the surge of heathenism and cannibalism, and had been the instrument of landing many souls in eternal glory, where they shall live for ever and ever. They could not give them too much honor, and might God very richly bless them. (Applause). Mr. J. B. Hack said he felt rather reluctant to c?me for ward, hut as he felt that be represented In an official manner the Second Adelaide Circuit, he felt it iiwmmtoit upon him, however difficult, to say a few words. He did Indeed feel that the Church there, and throughout the Australasian colonies, could not do too much honor to their friends before them, and who they were wishing Godspeed to meet those whom they loved best on earth. They could not expect twice iv their lives to be favored with an occasion of this character, because a missionary who had been laboring for a quarter of a century could only meet the same audience once in his life, and there they had met to give all honor to thjae who bad taken the front of the battle, and to whom they owed the glorious success which the Church had achieved in the island of Fiji. He could not help thinking of that passage in Scripture where the Saviour when in the temple vra? called upon to rebuke the children who were crying "Hosanna to the Son of David." replied that if they held their peace the very stones would cry out. Should they then not say, Godspeed to their friends, ana rejoice that they were privileged iajneeting them there to do them that honor which they felt to be due to those who had done so ranch for the- Church which they represented? He was sure they all fdt together in wishing their friends Godspeed on their homeward voyage. Until he met Mr. Calvert he uad.no idea of the strong missionary spirit in him. He had inspired in his (Mr. Hack's) heart such a love for the mission cause, and he had also affected the Church In the jame way, that be was snre Ihe cause wonld in fatnre be supported in a very different manner. They could all hear or what had been accomplished by the efforts of their dear friends, and he asked them all to unite Bhoulder to shoulder, in the work until to the ends oi the earth their dear master should be glorified. (Applause.) Mr. G. W. Corros aaid he had been reminded that he was the Secretary to the Missionary Society of that Circuit, and he hoped that having had personal intercourse and conversation with their friends that they would be pre pared to do something more than hitherto for the mission cause. He was sure no testimonial would be more welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Calvert than to bear that their subscriptions towards missions amounted to double that of hut year (Hear, bear.) JTbe?ev. B. C. Flockabt said time would fall to teU their friends all that they felt. He could onSyiaythat fre quently bis heart had been cheered by th/nSrdof the labors of Mr. and Mrs. Calvert hi the Fiji Islands. He fat delighted in honoring those who had been so honored of God. They were essentially a missionary Church, and It became them to honor their missionaries. Their friends bad not only been in the mission field, bnt they took thefore most position and they kept itand did honor to It (Cheers.) Heconldtell them is truth that they wonld carry wUhOem the prayers and kindest sympathies of th""int"ln (Xn planse.) K^~ The Bey. J. Cope then read the following address, which was nicely written, with illuminated capitals, upon parent "To the Bey. James Calvert "Reverend and Daar Sir—We, the ministers office bearers, and other members of the Wesleyan Methodut Church in South Australia, cannot allowyou to pass through this district without expressing the profound respect wUh which your character and labors In the great missionary cause in Fiji have inspired us. " We have long heard of yonr untiring zeal, of the dangers through w Jch you have passed, the deliverances whichGol has wrought ont for you, and the great success with which your work has been crowned, and we rejoice to regard you as a minister ot Christ; whom the Great Master has bees pleased to honor In no ordinary measure. " Well do we remember when your love to Fiji led you to leave your dear children and all the comforts of home in England again to engage in the mission work, and we as sure you that we have been deeply affected bytbe spirit of self-sacrifice involved in that act of generous devotion. "Nowords can express the deep feelings of respect we have for Mra. Calvert, who. In addition to her entire de votedneas as a wife, has been a helper to you in your toil—a mother to your feUow-missionartos and their wives, and an example or all tliat Is excellent to the-members of the Church in the mission field. £i£^ * and. Ulat the results or your work will only be Mly known when many a saved FOian will stand forth as yonrCrown and joy iv the day of the Lord. aid others.) 7 J<>lm Watstbrd- ?**^ «' the District. Mr. J. Colton. M.P.. add he highly appreciated the mis sionary work, and more highly appreciated sash valna! laborers as their dear brother and sister Their wort in his opinion, would net be known in time, neither would their great value to the Church in the mission-field be estimated. What they did not know now they should know hereafter iv reference to the valuable services rendered to the Christian Church and Christian missions by Mr. and Mra. Calvert. He knew sufficient to be satisfied that more laborious, more successful, and more enterprising mission aries had never entered npon the mission-field than their esteemed and venerated friend Mr. Calvert and his most excellent wife. Truly, they had been called the father and the mother of missions in the Fiji Islands, and it was not too much to say that they deserved that distinguished ap pellation. Heandtheyweremettherethatdaytodottonorto their Christian friends, bnt he felt that they should not do so If they allowed snob distinguished persons to leave the shores of South Australia without presenting them with Borne token of their personal esteem. He had admired them for their works' rake, and for their estimableqnahties. and he was sure that the more then- excellent friends were known, the more they would be valued- (Cheers.) They had met for the purpose of presenting them with small tokens of their esteem, and he regretted that this pleasing task devolved upon him, for he feared that he would discharge it inefficiently. Hefett this was a great pleasure, and he never more heartily entered into a thing than he did into this, for he believed the worth of Mr. and Mrs. Calvert conld not be too highly appreciated. He was irlad that so many were present to welcome their friends and to wish them good-bye, lie might here say that although Mr. and Mrs. Calvert had never before been to these shores, that their names were as household words amongst them. (Bear, hear.) He had read with much pleasure of the labors of tbelresteemed friends.for ] he always associated Blrs. Calvert with the name of her hns -1 band, because he was confident that a more excellent or setf : denying lady never entered upon the mission-field. He was satisfied that they were the right persons, and God had highly blessed them, for they had the satisfaction of know* ing that they had not labored in vain nor spent their strength for nought. He now had much pleasure in pre senting Mr. and Mrs. Calvert with some little token of their affection and esteem, and they trusted that they might long be spared to the Church and to tttelresteemed family, whom they had left behind to go to the great mission work again. He hoped that when they looked upon these articles {they would recollect their association with South Australia, and that they would have sunny memories of this sunny climate. He hoped also that those tokens would remind them of the many warm hearts hi this colony who knew bow to appreciate real hard worth. (Cheers.) He then begged Mrs. Calvert's acceptance of a very valuable gold watch on behalf of the ladies, and also presented Mr. Ualvert with a handsome emu egg inkstand. In doing so he said they should ever remember his missionary and pulpit addresses, and the earnest zeal which he bad evinced in the Master's work. He wonld now wish Mr. and Mrs. Calvert good- bye, and he hoped that they would have their prayers and that they would long be spared to their family and to the Church. (Applause.) ■ The watch was beautifully chased, and was presented in a highly polished watchstand. It bore the following in scription :—" Presented to Mrs. Calvert by the ladies of the Wesleyan Church, Adelaide, as a token of their esteem and affection, February 19,1866." The inkstand was a. piece of superior colonial workmanship, being embellished with suitable ornaments. On one Bide of the egg there was a Sonth Australian scene worked in silver, ana sunk into the eheU. A small shield bore the following words :-" Pre sented to the Bay. James Calvert by bis Wesleyan friends In Adelaide as a small token of their personal esteem, and of their high appreciation of his labors as a missionary in Fiji. 19th February. 1866." We may mention that both articles were obtained from Mr. J. M. Wendt's establish ment. The Bey. Mr. Caxveht was loudly cheered on rising, and be spoke with considerable emotion. He said he had ex pected to be allowed to pass quietly away, as he knew they had of late been heavily taxed with excitement and incon vience, together with much toil and heavy expenses. It was quite right that they should now have rest, and In the case of his wife and himself it was quite unnecessary that any such demonstration should have been given to them ofth; kind approval and hearty affection. They bad been elgh. weeks that day in the colony, and from all the ministers and friends they had received the greatest kindness. If possible, they felt more at home here than f n tbe other colonies— (cheers)—and they had formed attachments here which wonld not be erased either by distance or by time. They would go nome and tell their beloved children and fast friends in England of theloveofthe people here, and when they showed them these tokens of regard, they wonld teU them of their warmth of feeling, of their hearty Methodism, of their love to missions, and their kindness to himself and wife. His had been a happy life. While young, God in much mtrcy dearly converted his soul. He felt that his sins weie pardoned, and that God's spirit was bearing witness with his spirit. He felt that he loved God. but he was convinced also that for bis happiness and atedfastuess he required more religion, and he was led to seek for fresh baptisms of God's spirit, which God graciously gave. Then it had been his privilege to be connected with godly men and :godly women, and among his many privileges he esteemed it one that he was connected with the Chairman in tbe great work. Mr. Watsford's hearty devotedness to the cause of Christ had excited his admiration, and he re joiced that there were standing proofs that God was with him and had owned bis labors in'the Fijian islands. (Applause). He had watched his career since then and blessed God fortfae success with which He had crowned his labors. He felt that next to his own heart being right Be ought to care for the salvation of others, and hence his anxious desire bad always been to do good. He might tell ministers that it had been a special point with him to aid, encourage, and sympathize with them. It was of the greatest importance that missionaries and ministers should be prayed for and sympathized with—important for themselves, their families, and their congregations. Nothing could be done unless the minister's own soul was right and prosperous. He then related a personal narrative in support of this remark and of the view that a praying people was necessary for a suc cessful ministry. He trusted that they would, more than ever, feel the importance of praying and sympathizing with their ministers, as the prosperity of the Church depended upon it. He had always sought to do good—not only in the pulpit, bnt also In general conversation and life. He always urged persons also not to rest in partial reformation and good resolves, but to push the work of reformation to tie end. He here related another interesting narrative ol personal experience with respect to this point. He still wished to walk by the same rule, and to do good to every body. If they all did this, they would find the work of God prosper, and a glorious revival in their own souls. One of the great distinguishing blessings or his life was, that God directed him to a right wife. (Applause). She bad been always helpful to him. and he felt that she could interest God on his behalf. He coald also say, that never in his life did his wife prevent him rushing into danger on the mission field, and thank God, they had both been spared to labor to His glory, and labored so as to gain tbe approval of the people on the Island. Thai was on the spot, and he liked that approval best They were, however, very thankful to the friends who bad remembered them. They should always value these tokens of esteem, and more especially the principle from which they sprang. (Cheers). They felt one with them, and if they conld In any way help them they should rejoice to do it. He was pleased to see that they were putting up better looking churches like that at Kent Town. Ue hoped also that the idea of the College would be carried out (Hear, hear.; His Impression was that it should have been established long since. He remembered that when they wanted something of the kind in Fiji, a few at tbe brethren met together and they formed the first College in Australasia and Polynesia at Auckland. (Cbeers.) The College in Victoria was doing splendidly. They had a fine building, and astaffofrightmentocondnctlt. He should look anxiously for the completion of a superior Wesleyan Collegiate Insti tution in Adelaide. And now they must leave them. He returned thanks to them all. and hoped that God's richest blessing and benediction wonld rest npon them. (Loud cheering.) Tbe Chairman here announced that they had met to say good-bye to their friends, but he had pleasure in taking that opportunity of also welcoming the Bey. Mr. Patchell, who had arrived that morning via Melbourne from England. The Bey. Mr. Patcheli. here advanced, and was cor dially welcomed. He expressed great pleasure at the opportunity of attending that meeting. He was glad to bear all that had been said about Mr. and Mrs. Calvert, because he remembered reading hi Ireland accounts respect ing their labors many years ago. It had pleased him much to be there, and he wished Mr. Calvert and his good Udy a sale and happy voyage home. (Cheers ) Tbe meeting was then closed by prayer, but prior to leaving the majority of those present personally bade Mr. and Mrs. Calvert farewell and a hearty Godspeed. We believe that after this public meeting the ladies, per sonally and privately, presented Mrs. Calvert with a purse— a farther token of their appreciation of her worth. Tbe Bey. Mr. and Mrs. Calvert left by the 1.40 p.m. train for the Port, accompanied by a number of friends, for em barkation upon the ship Tatala, for London. VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE BEY. W. TAYLOB A farewell meeting to the Bey. William Taylor was held In the Pirle-street Wesleyan Chapel, on Thursday evening, February 18. The spacious chapel was completely filled in every part, and the Bey. John Watsford. Chairman of the District, presided. Ihe proceedings having been opened with singing and prayer, Tbe Chairman made a few opening remarks. He said be had often stood in Pirie- street Chapel to preach, but on that evening he felt more nevons than ever he had felt before. They had met then that night to say good-bye to the Bey. Mr. Taylor, who for the last two years and a half had been laboring in these colonies; also to give him an opportunity to say good-bye to them. There wereotherspeakers to follow him, bat they were not to make long speeches as they were only to have one long speech that night, and that speech was to be from the Bey. Wm. Taylor himself. They had a difficult work to do that night- It was a hard thing to tell a man of his faults, and it was also a hard thing to praise a man before bis face. They all knew that he (Mr. Watsford) had very little demonstration about him, and that he could not praise any body;op very much. It was not In him; but he saw friends around him who were Juat the persons to do it. Since they had beard Mr. Taylor they bad been much pleased with him. They had co-operated fully with him, and they rejoiced in the success or his labors (Hear, hear). The visit of the Bey. Mr. Taylor bad given him (the Chairman) much bonor.i He had the honor or moving tbe hist vote or thanks of the Conference to him for hia valuable services, and now he had the honor of being Chairman at the last meeting which the Bay, Mr. Taylor would attend in Adelaide. (Applause). Wherever Mr. Taylor went his (the Chairman's) prayers would go with him. (Hear, hear). The Key. Jons Cope next briefly addressed the meeting. He conld adopt the remarks of the last speaker as his own. He felt that evening in the position of wanting to say some thing, and yet he did not know where to find suitable words with which to say what he Intended. It was a. source of great pleasure to him to be with Mr. Taylor hi those labors which he had been bestowing on the Church. He rejoiced In that special Providence which bad enabled them to see Mr. Taylor amongst them. Though it might not appear very bright to Mr. Taylor at first It had done good to them. His whole heart had been with Mr. Taylor in his labors, and he thanked God for the successes which had been achieved by him. He (Mr. Cope) felt that in parting with Mr. Taylor he was parting with one .his soul loved, and who God bad honored. He fdt that he had exceeded the time whloh bad been allotted for them by the Committee and should there fore resume his seat. Mr. John Coltos. M.P., was very glad that they bad only to make ehort speeches, because be bad not a speech to make. The previous speaker had been very brief—his speech had scarcely occupied the time which hail been allowed. The Committee had allowed them fire minutes each, there fore he should not detain them long. Be believed that he was rather more capable of administering rebuke than he was of administering the other dose. (Laughter.} He knew that his friend Mr. Scott was to follow him. and he could pat things right in a very neat manner. Se had personally very much enjoyed the company and ministrations of the Bey. Mr. Taylor. It had been profitable for Uiem to sit under bis ministry, and he (Mr. Colton) thought that one reason why he (Mr. Taylor) bad been so successful was. that he had the faculty or putting the points in such a simple and compre hensive manner as to rivet the attention and Im press the minde of his hearers. He thought that was by God's blessing that be pat the truth In each a practical manner. The same truths bad been presented to them before, bnt not in such a clear and plain manner. In this colony Mr. Taylor had be«n pre-eminently successful, and he hoped that wherever he mi/rht go. he would be even more successful. (Applause.) He knew they would all join with him in hoping that Mr. Taylor and his excellent lady would be spared to reach the Cape of Good Hope in safety. He believed God had blessed bis (Mr. Taylor's) labors tor his disinte restedness in the work. He had great pleasure in in being permitted to take part in that meeting, and of having the Opportunity of hearing the last words of their esteemed friend. (Applause.) Mr. James Scott, before commencing to speak, wonld beg leave to read a letter which he had received from the Rev. a Ironside, expressing his regret at being unable to be present at that meeting, on acconnt of a prior engagement at the Meadows, bnt stating that he had made all arrange ments to be in town by Friday evening. He (Mr. Scott) then said he had much pleasure In being present to express [ his respect to Mr. Taylor. Everything that was respectful and sincere had been presented In the Bey. Mr. Taylor's character. lie (Mr. Scott) loved him, truly loved him. That was the involuntary tribute which his mind paid to Mr. Taylor. (Applause) He had admired the ministration of the Bey. Mr. Taylor. He had experienced great pleasure in listening to him- He should never, never forget him, and be thanked God that he had seen his face. His (Mr. Taylor's) I brotherly kindness had won him many kindly feelings. Might God bless him wherever be went, and in whatever ' country he might be. (Applause) Mr. G. \V. Cotton was then called upon to read the address which had been prepared by the Committee for the Ber. Mr. Taylor. He stated that in oonsequence of the time for holding that meeting having been attend the address WBB not quite go complete as they fffebed. to make it, so that if any roughness mi detected in it they must excuse it He then read theaddren?. as follows.— "To the Ser. Vn. Taylor, or the CaUfornian Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church of America. " Reverend and Dear Sir-We. on behair of the members and friends of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church in South Australia, now that the period of your labors among ns is brought to a close, cannot allow you to pass •way from our midst without some enduring expression or our affectionate regard for you. and some token of our appreciation of the great benefit ourselves ana ourfanuiies, by the blessing of our Great Blather, have received while you have been among us. We have witnessed the great grace which our Lord Jems Christ has bestowed upon youin constraining you to become a man of one work—to -win sonls to him-and how you have studied to concentrate all the well-regulated powan of mind and body totals work wit* all the force of a clear philosophical perception, and ike a wise master bnflder have fitly framed together Ihe strocture of your speech, not so much with tte enticing words of man's wisdom, as that you might with the demonstration of the spirit and with power bring sinners to the feet of Jeans. And to this end, whether the arena has beeen the pulpit, the platform, or the lecture hall, your utterances have yielded no doubtful sound -no sacrificing or the grand principles or the Gfospel of the ever blessed God to Cue demands of a captions and self satisfied age. The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, has been by you exhibited in its tine light as gutueieut to satisfy the longings of the loftiest Intellect, as well as the heart's desire of the humblest believer. The book has not only been to you a text-book, but yonr sermon-book, yonf lectureacroll. ana your speech notes, ttiereby offering to our youth a position of moral strength ani support in the midst of scepticism and mental incerUtudetbat will neve* lail them whilst memory endures. And while on this topic we cannot omit to mention tbe treat afforded to OS by the perusal of your three volumes, and the joy and satisfaction it affords to us to know that you have been prompted to prepare for the Press a resume of some passages tayou' discourses delivered among as with so much auction and P?IHEver ready to enter heartily into every scheme for aldine the funds of our local institutions, yon haveconstantly andsteadily refused to receive pecuniary compensation for the very efficient help you have afforded to our pecuniary resources, and have only employed the proceeds of your books, and or your lectures in furtherance or the valuable public institution you had specially undertaken to advance ; hot we could not allow yon to depart without some small expression or our regard for you weighed in the balances of this world's good; and without infringing the rule you have acted upon so persistently, we resolved to make a present to Blrs Taylor, whom we now rejoice to see among us, and we now ask you to convey to her in addition our kindest sym pathy under the family affliction so happily passing away. "As the minister of a Church, essentially one with us for the Methodist Episcopal Church dates from the same revival of apostolical Christianity and owns Bie came founder—you have fully accorded with ourselves in recosr niaing the paramount claims of our Conference, while that assembly has shown its fraternal regard for the great American Church with which you are connected, as well as its estimate of your valuable services in these southern lands, by the vote of thanks presented to you in the two annual Conferences held during your stay in these colo nies; and we now request yon to convey to the mem bers of your own proper Church our greeting, and tell them how the heart of the Methodist Cbnreh in onr land throbs in unison with theirs in the great Christian enterprise. And while we thank God for your presence among us, it has been a matter or pleasing interest to observe how faithfully you have exhibited that feature of the Gospel, which, unlike the partisanship in the Corinthian Church, inculcates proper regard for all our ministers, whom we highly esteem for their work's sake. These are ever with ns. and all we have as Christians we owe under God to them. Host ot us were brought to the Savionr throngh their instrumentality-, and the many gathered in while you have been with ns will be cared tor to the end by them, oar brethren and fathers in (he ministry; and little could we have esteemed any one who caused a slight, even unintentionally, to be placed on them-And now we say iast -words of parting, but not for ever. We ask for and we promise mutual prayers for help through the wllder n«9. and as one after another is called into the anenst pre sence or the Blessed Jesus we shall meet egain, where all onr joys of communion on earth will be eternally perpe tuated. To Him be glory for ever and ever: Amen. " Johh Watsfoed, Chairman of the District " M. KIKOSBOEODGH, Chairman of Committee. " G. W. Cottoh, Secretary. "Adelaide, South Australia, The Bey. JTWatspoud then presented the address, which was tastefully engrossed on parchment, to the Bey. Ht Taylor, and said be was quite sure that he (Mr. Taylor) had all their earnest piayers for his fatnre welfare. The way was now quite clear for him to make a long farewell address. (Bear, hear). . The Bey. William Tattor, who was received on rising with loud applause, then addressed the meeting at a great length. He said he usnally felt at home in the pulpit, as they were all aware, and be also felt at home on the plat form on ordinary occasions, but the present was an occa sion peculiarly embarrasing to him. Be very heartily ap preciated their sympathy and kind expressions ofigood-will which had been manifested towards him that night, but it was very embarrasing when be seemed to be the object 01 attention. He was in the habit of hiding himself bebinc the cross, but now he was shoved out into an advanced position, which he did not like at all. BeTerenee had been made to a special providence. He was the subject of a special providence, and be believed that every one was. Be bad had a great variety of experiences, and that fact would account for the facility which he had of gaining so many hearts. He knew the bitter pangs of many hearts, and he knew the joys of many hearts. He had in his UTe expe rienced a vast variety of enjoyments and trials. He had experienced reverses more bitter than death; but they had, under Providence, worked patience, and he had yet the love of God in his heart. He bad first passed through the fiery ordeal; but it had not destroyed him. it had only purged away some of the dross and prepared him far the work ot God. He referred to his losses by fire in California and his subsequent travels, and spoke of a local preacher in Victoria who came to see him and said to him--Ob. brother Taylor. I have been thanking God for that fire in California—lt has been the means of the saving ot so many souls. My own wife, who has been persecuting me for these last 45 years, heard you preach, and now she is as mild as an angel and as gentle as a lamb." (Laughter.) In referring to his arrival in Australia he said that when he left California he had no idea of ever coming to Australia. He did not know where he was going. The first instrument in leading him in this direction was be person an English peasant would call "my missus." tLaugbter.) Some four years ago she offered that if he would go to England, and visit Palestine and other countries, and prepare himself for study, she would take the children and go to California, and wait for him there. He thanked her for her disinterested offer, but replied that he had no money to travel with. About a fort night after that conversation he was in Peterborough staying with Dr. Browne, a brother from. Australia, and he at length, by the power of bis eloquence, prevailed upon bun to examine the subject, and shortly after he wandered out Into a Canadian forest when the soon- was three feet deep, and be kneeled down nnder an ancient pine tree, prayed to God, and worked out a programme which he had been ful filling in these colonies, f near, hear.) He had very strong inducements to stay "in England, bnt when the time arrived for him to start lor Australia, he bnokled on his armor and braced himself up for the work. He commenced his labors in the Wesleyan Church on the 21st June, two years and eight montns ago. He need not refer to it in detail, as it wa? quite *"?!?'"■ to them. Ills movements had been quite publio and open, and were known to all of them. He had been constantly under the care of friends, that all his actions were known. In fact he had had scarcely any private lite since he had been in the colonies, except when he was asleep -(laughter) —and he was happy to know that he had given satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) To please bis friends was not his object, but to avoid giving offence was his nature. He could not afford to quarrel with anybody. He had run pretty clear in the colonies, and bad nothing to complain of. One minister had lectured against American revivals, and he (Sir. Taylor) had been told of it, bnt had taken no notice of it, and had held meetings In the same place, where he met with great success. Unless damaging lies were told ot him, he never turned his head to listen to what was said. It was Impossible for any on* to go through the word endeavoring to do good, withont having something said about him. He was very happy to say that the Press or this and the other colonies had treated him very kindly. He might, perhaps, have been attacked now and then by a little paper, bnt they were only the popguns, the great guns bad not been directed against him. Beferenee bad been made to bis preaching. The Bible was his book of study. The Book he used in writing the books which were: referred to in the address were the Bible—Webster's Dictionary to help him V he mistook the orthography of a word, and Crnden's Con cordance to assist him in the Bible. His teacher was God and the Holy Ghost. Whenever be found a difficult passage of any importance, he did not consult anybody, bnt took the Bible and prayed to the Holy Ghost for light, and he was sure to get it either that day or the next. He thought one ground of the failure of the Church to progress was, the ignoring ot the Holy Ghost. (Bear.) After some further remarks, be referred to the Methodist Episcopalian Church in America, which he said was instituted by Wesley through Dr. Cope. He spoke of the Church government In America. They bad a representative in the British Confer ence every four years, and received one from them. They had a membership of nearly a million, and 7,000 travelling ministers. They had 60 annual conferences besides mis sionary conferences in India, Germany, and Siberia. He referred to the late war in America, which had caused so much stagnation, and said they applied to their mission in the South. 400,«oo dollars, and at borne and abroad 1,000,000 dollars. He mentioned those facts to show that the war had not ex tinguished them. (Hear, hear.) He again thanked them for their hearty good wishes, both on behalf of himself and his companion in tribulation and in joy, and referred to Mrs. Taylor in affectionate terms, speaking or the Bufferings and trials she had endured, and said although he declined to receive gifts, and his friends, knowing that, had not offered him any, be thought that Mrs. Taylor deserved hers, and as it had come he should not quarrel with them about It (Hear, hear, and laughter.) If they appreciated Mrs. Taylor, as she was there, weak and broken down, he had no doubt that they would think more of her if they saw her in a healthy and robust state. To say good-bye he knew was painful, but it was not for ever, as the address said. That was the benefit of the Christian's hope in a life after death. Good-bye only meant that they would take different roads, but they would all come ont together again at the other end. They would all meet at the other end of tv« line to part no more. (Hear, bear.) The rev. gentleman concluded a speech of about an hour and a half in length by Skying that he did not expect to see their faces again in this world, but he hoped he should see them in. their Father's kingdom above ? so he would say good-bye. (Loud and long-continued applause.) The CnAmiiAjr raid he congiatalated Mr. Taylor that he was going in a first-class vessel, and with a first-class captain. He also congratulated Captain Louttit on. the fact that Mr. Taylor was amongst the passengers. He would keep them all alive, and was worth taking over free. (Hear, and laughter.) Capt. Loctttt said he felt honored in having Sir. Tay lor amongst his passengers, and he hoped that the vesssel would take them all safe, and allow him to land the Bey. Mr. Taylor and family Bafe at the Cape. He hoped that he (Mr. Taylor) would be as favorably received at Cape Town as he had been in Victoria and New South Wales, and especially in South Australia. (Hear, and applause.) Previoos to the commencement of the above a meeting was held at the chapel, the Bey. J. Cope in the chair, when Mr. Jas. Scott, in a neat and appropriate speech, presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of her friends, a purse of 125 sovereigns. The Bey. W. Taylor returned thanks on behalf of Mrs. Taylor, and the meeting dosed. WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. {Concluded froto our iast Summary.} Seventh Day—Thcbsda*-, Janoabf 25. Evening Sitting.—The minutes of the last Conference (dating to the I übllee movement were read by the Secretary. A very careful, prolonged, and earnest dinusalon took place relating to the Central Theological Institution. A cordial vote ol thanks was presented to the President for his able and lint' 1''1 conduct In the chair. The President, in responding, expresaedjthe hearty thanks of the Conference to the lay members or the Committee for their attendance, and careful attention to the business brought before them during the day. The meeting was (concluded about 10 o'clock with prayer. Eigqth Day.—FbiDAV. JandabtM. After reading the daily record, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:—Moved by the Bey. J. Watkin. seconded by the Bey. J. S. Waugh—"That the cordial thanks of the Conference be presented to the President for the able, earnest, and impressive sermon preached before the Conference on Wednesday evening last, and that he be respectfully requested to furnish the sermon for publication in our several periodicals." The third reading of the stations was then proceeded with, and completed. The election of Chairmen of Districts followed, and the fol lowing appointments were made:—"Sydney District, Bey. James WfetMn ; Bathurst District, Bey. C. W. Bigg; Mait land District, Bey. Benjamin Chapman; Goalburn District Bey. Jabez B. Waterhoose; Queensland District, Bey. W. J. X- Peddlngton; Melbourne District. Bey. J. S Waugh; Geelong and BaUarat District. Bey. W. L. Binka Ca?Uemalne and Sandhurst District. Bey. W. bill (ut);= South Australian District. Bey. J. Watsford; Tasmanian District; Bey. W. A. Quiok (President of the Conference); Hew Zeajand-Hprmem Pistrtot, Bey. J. Buller; .Southern District, Rev.T.Buddie; Frlendlylslandspi?trl?t.Rev^W. J. Davlss Samoa District, Bey.George Brown^FJJll District. Rev. W. Moore. In reply to the question, "Whom do wa nominate to bethe President of our next <^ r?" n<*?. I" c Rev. Henry H. Gaud was nominated by a large IMJO"^ Th? next Conference to held in Lsunceeton. The proceedings closed in the usual way, by prayer. Ninth Da*: Satohdat, Jandaht 27. . The Conference was opened at the usual time by «tagta| which met on Thursday were ™ad. reodvisd, Mdjir^con- i aiderable discussion, adopted. The Rev. E. C. Flodurt and it Was arranged that S meeting of toe General Mfc- , slonaiy Committee shonM be heldl Si By«toey dortag the sittings ot the Committee of DlstrUraUon. The «'«*•« eondododshorUy before l o'do*. and the n^terapro ceeded to the Town Hall, on the invitation of His Worship | the Mayor. , Tenth Dat-Mohday. Januajbt.29. < The Conference having been opened with the usual devo- ( tlonal exeroises, the dally record was read audconfirmed. The subject ofaCenti^Theol()glcalfasUtaUonwasbroDgbt i up for reconsideration, and the following resotaHonwas carried—"That, pending the settlement o( a Central Theo logical Institution the moneys already received, or that may Oe raised for tufa purpose shall be funded, snd that the in terest accruing therefrom in each colony, may be employed lutte raiecHveroloniea for the tnlnmeof.candidates for the ministry who have been aooepted by the Con ference, to connection with the several Collegiate Institutions that are or may be in existence. It being distinctly understood that the principal shall be fertneominsr whenever the Conference shall decide to have a general Institution." Attention was drawn to the state or Church property on mission stations, and especially In the Friendly Islands. The subject was referredto the Chairman of Districts. Afternoon Sitting.-The theological examinationlOf the Bey. J. Allen was conducted by the President, and at its close it was unanimously agreed (hat be shonld be received into full connexion. The recommendations of ttie various districts having beca prepared in a tabulated form by the Rev. C. W. Bigg, their consideration was entered upon, and several importantreeolatioDS were adopted. Eleven™ Dat : Toesdat, January 30. The Conference was opened with prayer by the Rev. J. De G- Robin. On the motion of the Secretary, the Rev. U. U Gand, seconded by the Rev. James Walltln. it was unanimously resolved—"That the very cordial thanks of MieConference be presented to the Rev. James S. Waugh, the 2x-Preeident, for the able and appropriate charge which he delivered in Kent Town Churon to the newtr ordslned ministers; and that he be earnestly requested not only to prepare it for publication in the Wesleyan periodicals, but also in a separate form for distribution." The address to the British Conference was read by the Rev. J. C. Symoua, au-1 adopted by the Conference. The Connexionsi Committees for 1866 were appointed for the varieua districts. On the motion of the Rev. J. Wateford. a cordial and nnanimons vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. W. Taylor, in recognition of the valuable servioea rendered by him to the Con nexion during bis stay in the colonies. The readme of recommendations from districts was then resumed; sni the qaestion of triennial Conferences having been considered, it was resolved that the matter be deferred indefinitely- A letter was read from the Rev. W. Taylor, laying before the Conference a statement of his amounts, and containing a donation ot £50 towards the lliaslon Fund. The subject of the proposed Grammar-school in South Aus tralia having been introduced, permission was given to proceed with the design, and a Committee appointed. Satisfactory reports of ttie position ot the College)) in Tas mania and New South Wales were presented to the Con ference, rhe report of the Melbourne Book Committee was brought op and adopted, and the thanks of the Con ference presented to the Rev. J. G. Symons for his services as Book Steward and Editor of the Wesleyan Chronicle during the year. The Bey. W. Taylor concluded with prayer. Twelfth Dat.—Wednesday, January 31. The Rev. S Rabone offered prayer. The report of the Sydney Book Committee was laid before the Conference, and votes of thanks were accorded to the Rev. S. Rabone, as Book-Steward for New South Wales, and the Revs. W. Curnow and W. Kelyuack, as Editors of the Christian Advocate. The report of the South Australian Book- room was also brought up. and the thanks of the Conference were presented to the Rev. J. Wateford for bis services tn the management of the Depot. It was also resolved, "That the cordial thanks ol toe Conference be presented to the Rev. S. Ironside, fcditor of the South Australian IPesUyan JUdga zwe, for bis valuable services during- the past year." The Rev. John Wataford was appointed Book Steward lor South Australia. Resolved, "The Conference would draw th? attention of our ministers and of the officers and teachers of our Sunday- schools, to our various book depots, and would urge upon them the desirableness of purchasing their books for rewards and libraries from those depots." On the motion of the Ret. J. S. Wangh, seconded by Rev, T. Williams. It was unanimously resolved." The Rev. James Calrert being about to return to England after 27 years service in the Fiji Mission, the Conference cordially adopts and puts on record in its minutes the following resolution o( the Fiji District Meeting:—" This meeting embraces the opportunity presented by the departure of the Rev. James Calvert, of placing on record its high feeling of esteem and affection, with which the brethren regard Mr. and Mrs. Calvert. The saorUioe made by them in leaving tbeir family for so long a season in order to render another term of ser vice in these islands is highly appreciated. This meeting also expresses its warmest thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Calvert for having at the time when they were just leaving for England, readily and cheerfully determined to remain in the district another year, on account of the unexpected failure of Brother Waterhonse's health. The brethren commend them specially to the God of Missions, that Be may be pleased to conduct them safely to their family, and spare them long to labor in England, in promoting the general interests of the Fijian Mission." The Rev. Mr. Calvert replied with much feeling, bidding farewell to the Conference- Mr. Calvert was very cordially appointed as representative to the next British Conference. Resolved, on the motion of the Rev. J. S. Wangh, seconded by the Rev. J. Watfdn, ** That the cordial thanks of the Conference be tendered to His Worship the Mayor of Ade laide, for his courteous attention and hospitality to the mem bers of this Conference." On the motion oi the Rev. S. Rabone, it was unanimously resolved " That the very cordial thanks of this Conference be given to the kind friends in Adelaide and its vicinity who bave so hospitably enter tained the ministers during the present resslon. 1' The thanks of the Conference were also presented to the resi dent ministers of Adelaide and Its suburbs for the kind attention paid by them to the comfort and accommodation j of the ministers attending the Conference, and to the Revs. C. W. Rigg and C. H. Goldsmith for their valuable services as Sub-Secretaries. The Rev. William Taylor briefly ad dressed the Conference, expressing his gratitude for the nnt form kindness shown him both by the ministers and laity during his visit to the colonies, and statins that he was pre paring for publication in Adelaide two additional volumes of books. TUc Conference then, adjourned till 11 o'clock on Thursday. The anniversary services in connection witU the Freeman-street Congregational Church were con tinued on Tuesday, January 30, when a lea and public meeting was held, which was pretty well at tended. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. Henry Giles, in the absence of the Hon. S. Davenport, who was prevented from being present through indisposition. The proceedings having been opened by singing and prayer, the Chairman made a few appropriate remarks, after which tlio Rev. C. W. Bran, the pastor of the Church, addressed the as semblage on the history of the Church during the year which had paseed. In looking back, he said, upon the past year, he saw much which gave him encouragement. The attendance during the year, considering all things, had been good. Twenty sever, persons had been admitted into Church fellowship during the year. The meetings of the Bible class had been held regular weekly, and he trusted that the seeds which had been sown would show forth good fruit in their time. In referring to the Sunday schools, he eaid that they were being carried on very satisfactorily. A branch school was about to be opened in Halifax-street, and as a large por tion of the congregation lived in that direction, he thought that it would be more convenient for the parents to send their children therethan to Freeman street. He also referred to pastoral visitations, and said that he felt he had been very backward in that duty, but it must be attributed to the many demands upon bis strength, snd the distance at which the people lived. They had a great work before them, and they should enter heartily into it. He should be sorry to enter into that new edifice, into' which they hoped soon to enter, with a heavy debt upon it. Some person? thought that a debt of a few thousand pounds would not matter, and that they should leave it to the next generations to pay off, but he was not of the same opinion. That edifice was in tended as a house of God, aud also as a memorial to their worthy and esteemed departed friend, Mr. Stow, the first pastor of that Church, and it would not be seemly to hay i it encumbered with heavy debt He hoped before that meeting was closed that something would be done towards the cost of the new edifice. Mr. M. Goode then read the balance-sheet of current expenses, from which it appeared that the net balance in hand, after paying all liabilities was £82 14s. sd. Upwards of £1,000 had been raised during the year. An anthem was then eung by the Choir, after which the Bey. Mr. Manthorpe moved s reso lution, expressing the thanks of the meeting for pa?t favors, and pledging itself to do its utmost for the benefit of the Stow Memorial Church. He did not know how long that Church had been formed, bat he knew that it was 25 years ago since it had been opened. Twenty five years was an important portion of a man's life, and ao it was in the life of a Church. In looking back on the past years, he thought that Church had much to be thankful for. The hopes of their venerable friend, who laid the found ation- stone of that place of worship, had been fulfilled. It was very easy to say they were thankful, but he did not believe in that gratitude which was only verbal. They had been told to be thankful, and he wanted to see how much they were thankful. It was a dreadful thing to be in debt. If they went into that new Church with a heavy debt they would only regret it, and he did not want them to regret anything. He was sure tliat if they helped them selves they would be helped in other places. (Hear, hear.) His Honor the Chief Justice seconded the resolution, and in doing bo, referred to the early days of the Church, when the people were struggling to get out of debt. He hoped they should not enter the new building deep in debt, as it would be very unwise on their part to do so. All that they had to do was to put their shoulder to the wheel, and all lend a helping hand. Let all those who felt thankfulness for the past exert themselves to do their best, and there would be no fear of the result. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was then put by the Chairman, and declared to be carried. The collection was then made. Mr. T. Graves next addressed the meeting. He said he appeared before them as Treasurer of the Stow Memorial Fund, but he was iv a somewhat different position from another Treasurer very near him, for he spoke of overflowing pockets, and he (Mr. Graves) had also to epeak of a balance at the Bank, it was true, but it was on the wrong side. He then referred to the first place of Worship which was occupied by the Congregationausts, and whioh was a small building on North- terrace—the thatch for whioh was ant by their late venerable friend Mr. Stow himself— and the progress which had been made by the Church since. Some persons had eaid that they were not justified in erecting each a building ag the one which they were erecting, bat he thought they were justified in doing so. He then read a state ment of Accounts, showing the receipts of the Committee in contributions, promises, &&, in proof of his statement that they were justified in erectiug the new edifice. The donations received were £4,286, and £1,000 more was promised, making £5,286. For the site £1,000 had been paid; and it was worth £2,000. To builders, on contract account, £3,400 was paid, and architect's commission and other charges making the total paid £4,817; leaving £531 debt against the £1,000 promised. Some discussion had taken place regarding the disposal of the present bnilding,and there were some persons with whom he entirely agreed, who were of opinion that they should retain the present place also; for if they wanted schoolrooms, or anything of that kind, they would cost more to build than they would get for the present chapel. One gentleman had promised to give £50 towards the funds, provided they retained the present place. He then referred to a project which they had for raising a certain amount, £1,000, during the year, and eaid if that project were carried out in the allotted time, he would be prepared to give ten I per cent, on the amount, or on whatever lesser i cum was raised, if nine other gentlemen would do the same. Hie should try all he could to enable them to open die Stow Memorial Church free of debt, and he hoped others wonld do likewise. (Hear, hear.) The Her. 3. Lyall, as a minister of another de nomination, also briefly addressed the meeting, ex-1 pressing the sympathy which he felt with the | Freeman-street people in their work. When the late lamented Mr. Stow died he (Mr. liyaU) felt as if he had lost a good friend. Mr. Stow had always lent him (Mr. Lyall) all the assistance in his power. One or two other brief addresses were delivered, and some other pieces of music performed by the Choir, and tlie Benediction was pronounced by the Rev. C. W. Evan, and the assemblage separated. We must not omit to state that Mr. M. Groodo, with reference to the challenge of Mr. Graves, stated tliat lip, and other gentlemen whose names he mentioned, were prepared to accept it. The majority of the Wesleyan ministers from the other colonies, who have been attending the Con ference in Adelaide, left by the Aldinga on Thursday afternoon. Prior to their departure they were enter tained at a farewell luncheon in the Masonic Hall King William-street, Mr. J. Colton, M.P., pre-, siding, when several addresses suitable to the occasion were delivered. Had we been informed of the intention to hold the meeting we should have sent a reporter, if permitted, or otherwise have made arrangements for obtaining a report of the pro ceedings ; and we offer this explanation that it may not be thought we were indifferent to the interest of the meeting. The ministers were subsequently con dncted to the wharf by a number of colonists, who bade them farewell with great cordiality. Tbeir visit ta Adelaide has been one of great pleasure and gratification to a very large portion of the commu nity, and will unquestionably be remembered with satisfaction for many years to come. The Anniversary Tea and Public Meeting of the I Methodist New Connexion Church was held on Mon day evening, February 5. A large number of per sons, including ministers and leading laymen, eat down to an excellent tea, provided by the ladies of the congregation, at the Philosophical Hall, Gouger street. At 7 o'clock a public meeting was held in the Franklin-street Churcb, Mr. S. J. Way, in the Chair. The proceedings opened with einging and prayer, after which some excellent addresses were given by the Chairman, the Revs. Maughan, Han cock, divert—Missionary from the Fiji Islands— Holdsworth, and Lindlev. A financial report was read, hy which it appeared about £878 lls. 6i. had been raised by subscriptions, collections, and in other wave, during the year, of which a balance of about £70 still remained on hand. After making great efforts to clear off the remaining debt from the chapel, about £300 remained, and a liberal member of the Church, who had already subscribed £50, promised another £50 if £250 were subscribed and collected by the congregation. This appeal was bo freely responded to that more than four-fifths was collected or promised during the evening. Notwith standing the extreme heat there was a large atten dance, and the greatest interest was manifested in the proceedings. The speech of the Bey. James Calvert, in which the rev. gentleman described many of his experiences in the Fijis, and dwelt upon the advances that Christianity had made among a people but a short time ago so degraded and bloodthirsty, was listened to with marked attention and much ap plauded. Totes of thanim to the speakers, the ladies who provided the tea, and the Chairman followed. The Doxology and the Benediction closed the meeting. Services in aid of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Kensington, were held on Sunday and Monday, February 4 and 5. On Sunday, three sermons were preached by the Rev. J. Warner, of Kooringa, to good congregations. On Monday a tea and public meeting was held, which was very well attended. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. W. C. Buik, Mayor of Kensington and Norwood. The proceedings having been opened with einging and prayer, as usual, the Chairman made a few excellent and appropriate remarks, expressing the pleasure which he felt at meeting them, and of his sympathy with them in their work. He then called upon the Rev. Mr. Cole to read the statement of accounts. He said the land and chapel, as they then saw it, with seats and all complete, bad cOBt £37915 a. 2d. At the opening services they received in collections and the proceeds of the tea, £69 19a. B£d. They bad received promises to the amount of £70, some of which had been paid and some had not, but he had no doubt that they would all be paid, and that they were sure as the bank. The pro mises which had been paid amounted to £25 155., aud the amount due was about £15. After all the promises had been received, the debt due on the church would be about £225, and they hoped that at the anniversary they should pot only be able to report their financial position as improved, but also that many souls had been won to God. Their object was to aim at the hearts of their hearers in the discourses which were delivered in that chapel. The Bey. Mr. Jarrett then addressed the meeting in eloquent terms. There were two words, prayer and perseverance, which had always been very prominent in the history of Primitive Methodism. Without these two words they would not be able to accomplish mnch. He impressed upon his hearers very forcibly the duty of prayer and the necessity of perseverance in the work of the Lord. If a Christian minister wished to save souls, hemnatpersevere,or he would neversucceed. The Bey. Mr. Pithouse next addressed the meeting, and, in an excellent speech, impressed npon his hearers the necessity of paying great attention to the duties of their religion and their duty of living with out sin in the world. Let the members of their chapels remember their duty of living unspotted and without sin in the world, and they would have a great influence on the world outside. He urged those who had not already found the peace of the Saviour to delay no longer; for only let them think what a fearful end they would have if they died without having found grace with God. After averse •f a hymn had been sang, Mr. -T. E. Moulden briefly addressed the assemblage. Ever since he had learnt the principles of Primitive Methodism be felt that it was one of the best and most useful of the Christian Churches. (Hear, hear.) The doctrines of the Primitive Methodists were, as he understood, purely doctrines of love and usefulness. (Hear, hear.) He felt (bat he should not detain them long, as there were others to address them. The Bey. 3. Warner next spoke, and, in a lengthy speech, impressed upon the meeting their duty in supporting the chapel, and concluded by making an earnest appeal for help. The collection was then made, which amounted to £2. The Chairman said he was in hopes that the collection would have amounted to £5, but it had not. He then expressed his intention of giving £5. (Hear, hear.) He should be very glad when the debt was wiped off that little chapel, which he hoped would be before long. The Bey. Mr. Cole then announced that the sum of £115 bad been realized towards that build ing, and he considered that the friends had acted nobly, considering how they were circumstanced. He moved a vote of thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, and to all those who had takes part in the tea meeting. The motion was seconded by the Bey. Mr. Warner, and carried unanimously. Similar compliments having been passed to the Chairman, Mr. Moulden, and the Bey. J. Warner, and severally acknowledged, the meeting closed in the usual manner. The anniversary services of Freeman-street Congre gational Church were preached on Sunday, January 28\. The Ber. C. W. Evan, the pastor, officiated in the morning from 2 Sam. 24th chap. 24th verse, " And the King eaid onto Araunah, nay; but I will eurely buy it of thee at a price; neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the Lord my God of that which doth cost me nothing." Id the afternoon the children of the Sunday-school assembled in the church, when they were appropriately addressed by the Ber. G. W. Evan and the Rev. C. Manthorpe. The Bey. Mr. Manthorpe also preached in the evening from 26th Paalm and Bth verso, "Lord I hare lored the habitation of Thy house, and the place where Thine honor dwelleth." Collections were made at all the services, the total amount of which was upwards of £63. ! The following are the names of the Wealeyan ministers stationed in the various circuits throughout the colony by the Conference:—Adelaide First (Pirie- atreet), the Sera. John G. Millard, Alfred Bigg, and David S. Wylia ; Adelaide Seoond (Archer street), tile Beva. John Watefbrd, Robert C. Flock hart, and Charles T. Newman; Adelaide Third (Norwood), the B*yb. Samuel Ironside and James de Q. Eobin; Gawler, the Ber. Thomas Lloyd; Oumerocli?, the Ber. Walter Hill, who is to change once a quarter with the minister of the Gawler Circuit; Kapunda, the Beys. Wm. M. Bennett and Henry Edmonds; Kooringa, the Bey. William S. Worth; BCntaro, the Bey. Henry Bath; Willunga, the Bey. Henry T. Burgess; Clarendon, the Bey. James Allen; Mount Barker, the Bey. Charles H. Goldsmith; Strathalbyn, the Bey. Matthew Wilson; Yankalilla, the Bey. George W. Patohell; Mount Gambier, the Bey. Henry Chester; Goolwa, the Bey. James J. Watsford, who is to change once a quarter with the ministers of the Willunga and Strathalbyn Circuits; Wallaroo, the Bey*. Bobert S. Casely and John S. Greer. The Rev. William Taylor took his fin?l departure from Adelaide for the Cape of Good Hope on Friday last. The passengers by the ship St. Vincent, amongst whom was the rev. gentleman and bis family, left town by the 1.40 train, accompanied by a very large number of their friends. Arrived at the Port the party proceeded on board the steamer Eleanor, which was in readiness to convey them to the St. Vincent, which was lying out near the Light ship. After enjoying a beautiful trip round of about an bour and a-half, the steamer hauled alongside the ship, when the whole party immediately boarded. An excellent spread had been provided through the liberality of Captain Louttit, and the appetites of the excursionists having been pretty well sharpened by the trip round they were not long in availing them selves of the captain's invitation to eit down and help themselves. After all had been satisfied, and while the steamer was giving the signal to start —for the stay was very short owing to the lateness of ber arrival—the Hon. T. English proposed " The Health of Captain liouttit" in a few suitable words, express ing a hope that he would have fair winds and make a safe and prosperous journey. The toast was drank with three cheers for Captain Louttit, Mrs. Louttit, and family. Captain Louttit briefly responded, thanking them for the manner in which they had drank his health and that of Mb family, and said he hoped that while the St. Vincent was engaged in the colonial trade she would be patro nized as she deserved to be. (Hear, hear.) He again thanked them, and hoped that he ehonltl soon have the pleasure of meeting them again. {Hear, bear.) One more cheer was then given for the Cap tain's safe return, and those who were bound for Ade laide re-embarked on the Eleanor. On the motion of Mr. Kingsborough, three cheers were then given for the Bey. Mr. Taylor, Mrs. Taylor, and family. Sir. Taylor bowed his acknowledgments, and after three more hearty cheers had been given for the good ship St. Vincent and all on board of her, the (steamer cast loose and started for the Port amidst cheering and the waving of hats and handkerchiefs. The steamer arrived at the Port a little before 7 o'clock, and the train, which had been delayed for about three quarters of an hour for the arrival of the steamer, brought up the passengers to town by about half-past 7 o 1 clock in the evening. 