IMETROPOLITAN SPRING RACK MEBTINQ, 1866. . Tua DBÄDY DÀT. ' ' ' I . SAT DAS IT. SUTBMBBK 1. EAJ^?«: *hBxceUenoy Slr John Yoong. Bart, K.C.B.; a.GJi^.oto. President : the Hon. ll!^^ C.B. Vioe-PresMent : Alfred Cheeks, Ba^P Jaag?«3 Hendtopper : Mr. John looker. Treasurer : Mr* ,JoS De^I*mb.Starter:. Mr. w\ G. HenfreyV SteWuM^ t ??* ?,oa*B,* P**8 TJ^»n»on, tho Hon. Su- W. Ml MennW Mr. Btaherd Jones, Mr. J. P. Downes, Mr. W. M. Basby! Hon. Secretary and Clerk of the Coarse : Mr. Buchen The opening day of the Melropelitsn Spring Race Meet tog at Bendwlck was in every sense a success. The un- set^ weather of the two preview days, and the gloomy overcast ? sky of Saturday morning, caused much anxiety to the promoters of the meeting ; but si the forenoon "ofthe Derby dey advaaced, the sun broto through the cloona, and a beautiful afternoon was tbs result. The- attendance on the coarse was large, much larger'than was anticipa tod, the'doll times and scarcity of mousy being conaidered. It was certainly, not so large as upon the great Champion raw day of the past, or on one or.two other great occasions ; bnt.lt waa fully aa large aa it usually Ia upon an nHtn.^y doy. " The road to the ooursej too, was In â better oondi- ' Hon than it has been-for several .meetings past. It has been repaired hi several placee,'and, with the exceptions hf two orithrte short patches of rough ground, tho road "Is all that could be desired. The rain that fell on Thursday was ' sufficient lo thoroughly lay the dust, but not suffiafent 63*5 Iloulfy ft into mud; there waa .there/ore bat little metter for complaint in regard to the road, either with res peet to vehicles or pedestrians. . . . - - ' \- His ExoeUency the Governor and Lady Yonne-, accom- panied by Miss Dalton and Lord, John Taylour, arrived at Randwick early in the afternoon, and were received by the officials of tho Jockey Club: and upon making their ap- pearance on that part of tho Gnni Stand sit apart for tbs Governor and snfte, the band streak up, the' National -Anthem, and tho whole .of the/people on the" .stand rose and remained uncovered until the Viceregal .party had taken their seats. Thst portion or tbs stand devoted to the members of the Jockey Club and their friends ' was occupied by a large number of the elite of Sydney, the1 ! gay toilets of the fair viii to rs imparting' a gay and cheerful " :aspeot to the scene. Refreshments wero supplisd, ss ueual to tho visitors to : tho Grand Stand, by Mr. W. J. O'Brien,' the enterprising J proprietor of Ta^tersall's Hotel, who also provided an exoel : lent luncheon for' thB members o'f the Jockey .Club and their friends,' and another for the general poblio, " Wo moat not omit to mention another little matter which .contributed materially to the convenience of the visitors, namely the race cards, or rather rice books.' All tho necea- " sary -information respecting the names of tba hoiees, the col DOTS of the jockeys, weights to be carried, and the general conditions of each race Ia compiled and printed In a conve- nient- pamphlet form that coo id be carried'to the waistcoat pocket. ; Opposite the printed conditions of eaoh race à blank ' page ls left for memoranda; and four'blank,loaves aro per- forated in lines, crowing each other at right angle«, thus dividing each leaf into eighteen sweepstake tickets, the size Of a penny stamp, soventy-two' in all, It'only remains for us to state thot the main feature of the i amusements was of tho samo character as the con co milan ta | -almost nnexceptionably 'gobd. The» wera seven starters I fer tho Trial Stakes, six for the Derby SL Leger Handicap, six for the Derby, four for tho Innkeepers' Stakes, and ten for the Epsom Handicap. "Warwick, The Gift, and Bol ffmbar wt» the only horses becked for tho Trial Stakes warwick being the most fancied. The race was a good ona, but just befcro the fin kb. Ashworth let ont bia hons and ! took the "yolWand black" upsn Warwick to tho front and thoa accorded viotory No. 1 to Mr. Tait, - The next ra oe on the card, tba Derby St Leger Handicap, waa net regarded ea a, certainly either for Tim Whiffler or ! Varroville, ea Quinare wa» reported to have gone Wrong, and it waa pretty generally believed that nothing else tn the race could pace with Tim Whiffler except Varroville, who was ss yet untried. Gulnare, however, appears te have re- covered in a most surprising manner, as she went to the front on the foll of the flag, kept In front to the finish, and was, in fact, never saked to race. At the end of the first mile and e-quar(er Gulnare, with Tim Whiffler about two lengths In .her , rear, ran olean away from Ute remaining horses, and at the finish there could not have been less than thirty lengths between tho second and third horses. The result of this race took almost-everyone by surprise, not excepting the owner of tho winner, who believed that he had no ohance for. It, seeing that tbs filly bsd gone lame and been a week In tho stable, with only one canter, and that on Friday 'morning. Tim Whiffler ran a game horse In this race, and but for for the crasher that hs bad on his back-8 Mt. 13 Ibe. to Gulnare'» 7 at. 6 lbs. he must have won it. With 7 st 4 lbs. In the Metropolitan Stakes handicap on Thursday next, ho may be in a different position, and certainly tho fliers will have . te travel fast, or the cheque for the big prize will go te Mr. Se Mettre. The next event was the great rac* « tho day, the Derby, for which'Fishhook and. Tke^àrb have bean Ant and second fàvouritea^^JJXï *?* Autumn -rfc^o«5-«r of tfi» «ame year that they ra«. aaa tn« til tW wu thea made first favourite for Ute Derby at an JBturàly abort price. Thia poaitlonhe maintained up to the start, the edda then being on him instead of against him ; but while tbe majority thought that Fishhook must win, not a few trusted their money to The Barb, and waited in confidence the result. They were not disappointed, for the little horse palled off the "Blue Ribbon" ofcvorly^snd the thandEr of applause that burst from the crowd as The Barb passed the post expressed more forcibly than words oouldiio Tait. The colt waa well ridden by young 8tanloy-the ndcr ol Volunteer when he won tho Mayor's Cup twelve months s«>-but bo was never called upon to race. Tho boy left bb spurs at home and be might have loft bis whip siso, for, The Hook never pushed bun at any part of the race, and ss for Bndclight, ho was emphatically nowhere from the time the' flag waa dropped until the enthusiastic cheers from the people on the stand and the thousands that lined the course told of the victory of The Barb. . Another round of cheers was given for The Barb as be retornad to Uta enclo- sure, and another as he left the weighing yard after weigh- ing m. A blue ribbon-Ute insignia of th» great race he had won-wss tied round the colt's neck, sud hewas led in triumph reunid tho.yard. Doubtless, a considerable majority of the people who witaessed .the race were gratified at seeing a new South Wales horse win, bot had Mr. FDgate been successfnl he would have been most warmly oongralulnted : and even now not a few. «tribute Ute favourite's defeat to want of condition. To>ppoarance he was the perfection of form, but when he returned to the saddling paddock after the race It was very«rident that his trainer bad not succeeded in setting him tato , tho highest state of which he ts capable/ Wo should not be giving credit .to whom credit ls due if we omitted to direct- special attention to the running of Bylong. His owner deserves all tho credit that springs from the fact of his having defeated the son of the great Fisherman ; and Mr. lie, the breeder of bolhThc Barb and Bylong, ought to feel proud of bia success in breeding such oolta. It ia some- what noticeable that Uro winners of the three first races were all hy Slr Hercules. The Innkeepers' Stakes wea a gift fo old Birmingham, who led all the way from start to finish. The termination of the lest race of the day was by far tho best of the five. Half-a-dozen of tbs boreas were all in a duster, and lt was Impossible to see from the stand in whet positions tho first four stood. Bracelet and Rapiden finished withe deadhcat, whileDundee and Orphan, lees Utan half a length from the headsof the first pair, were almostneok and neck for third place. It was evident that Braoelot could have won 'the race if ho had been pressed, but bis jockey, believing that he bsd the race in hand, at least so far aa the favourite-Dundee-waa concerned, allowed Bápidan to come up on tao iMMO ona io nnuo wilh .dell heat, ulm if lie had given hi« hone o oat with the whip three .or foar itrldee from the poet he malt han won lt at last hy a neck, or perhapa hy hilf s length. Barely ii a handicapper io fortunata aa Mr. Lackeyway en thia occasion, ta bruising the horus homo almoat within a head of each other. Thora waa another good rac« in run- ning off the dead heat, and a oeeond dead heat woe narrowly eicapcd. Bracelet waa alightly in front whan th« flag wot lowered, hut he allowed Bapllon to out out the running, with the hope, evidently, of collaring him I; the run in. Thia, however, waa not lo he, and Mr. Do Mean-ofe hom puUcd off the prize by a hoad. We baye only to add that the omdala performed their ' dutiee to the eaüafaolion of all oenoorned, and that there wera no accidenta, diaputea, or proleaU to mar tho enjoy- ment of the day. A more detailed account of the racing ia appended. Fir« Haca.-Tho Trial 8toiej of 4 aovarelgna each, with 40 eoverelglia added ; for 3 yre. and upworda, whioh have not won a pifaa exceeding 60 aovereigna fa Taino up to Urne of entrance; li mile. Mr. J. Tolt'i cn. g. Warwick, 0 yra ; 9 rt. 5 Iba. (Ashworth)... 1 A. Uiekellar'fl ft. h. Bulgimbar, 4 Tra.; a «.13 I". (Helmea)..- 9 A.BOwmitfldVgT.lMaritanMyri.; »lt . IlbkOKihop) I Thoma* iTorj'i 6. g. Wild Darrell, 4 yn. : 84t. 9 lbj. SlMMan'a br. g. Gooramln, 6 Tia.; 9it,MM. W. WlDtVi bl. t. Ol«;, 3 jn. ¡ 0 iL Ult«. J.Deaeaett'ab.a.Thoalft.Oyn.; 9atSlba. Bettina::-Evtmmonayon Warwick: Stol ogataatThe Gift; lit! againat Sulgirnbar; 10 to 1 againat any A very good atari waa effected, Ceoramin and The Gift going to the front Immedlalely npon tho fall af the Sig. while Balghnhar waa tho laat to get away. At the Becka tum Cooramill waa leading with The Sift about a length lu bia rear, and two lengtha behind The Gift wa« the favourit; wilh Wild Devrait and Maritana in dose attendanoo, and Olga hopeleeefy In the reor. At the bock of the coiT ThB Gift went up to Cooramin and paned him, and Immediately afterward. Warwick «lao collared and neared Coommln.. Jual before reaching lh»Derby corner Bidgtobar waa taken olonglMe of Warwiok. and far « hundred yarda the loree wcro ell together. Warwick, however,, went to tho front aa they ware entering the " atralght running, «nd carno up the coane at a, arjnung pace, hard held. Bulgimber wai two lengtha behind War- wick at tho Bnlib, and Maritana, four or iva lengtha behind bira, defeeling The Gift for third placa. Time, 2 min. 18} ceo. Second Ba».-The Derby St. leger Handicap of 200 I ooverrfgna (from the fund), added to » aweopetakoe ot 10 .overdene each for acceptera ; h. IL ; for horace nominated In ellbir Iho Auitrallrin Derby of IMS, or St. Uger of I 1806 ; 2 rallee; accond hone « «overolgni from Ino prize. 20 aabjcrlben. . Hu 3. Wach, t Quinazo, IM, 6-lhs. fW; Oetrn) 1 |ïM7IÏI,>, ?.^.WhlflliT1 iii. li ir* (itoM) ... « ??? *.w^)>.K.u&*^\\*,ik.\vt»r .? " JndpCliccke'ab.f. Vsm ' ' , . John Lc«»» bl. c, Baecsneer, 7aL'7-Ib«. - , Belling: .6 to 4 against Tim Whiffler, 2 to1 ifiW Vim)Tili«, 6 to 1 against say other. , When tba haraea drew np far tbs start Tim Whiffler I became very rea tiesa, and broke away from the rear. Gaining tome delay. At length a tolerable Ike waa formed, the flag fell, and the lot dashed off,' Lödla and Varroville getting thé wont ef it. Before a honored yarda had been travelled . over, Onlnare waa in front; with Little Robin second, the favoTJritB third. Buccaneer forxrth/end the' two ' fliliea' fifth' : and sizlh. This order waa maintained' np to the Darby ; comer, and into the straight running. In passing the stand . Gulnare had a strong lead. Tim Whinier lying second, Little Robin third, Varroville fourth, Buccaneer firth, and Ludia last- Ail er rising the Rocks tarn, the favo uri te shook off tbs horses that had np to. that point been In close attendance, ! :and at the back of the cenrse the gap between and the ? rack widened at every stride. He now essayed to re«oh j. G Binare,'whom he waa ovwhanling fist: ho reached her girths aa they paaaed the trainera' aland, bat oonld not get m front; aa the filly waa wall In hand ana had lots of run- ning left. At the distance post Stone pulled eat his whip ' and plied It vigoro nely in vain ; the 22 lbs, difieren co ia the weights told Its tale, and the little mere oarcB home an easy winner by two lengths, untouched by whip or spur. Ludia wu between twenty and thirty lengths behind Tim Whif- fler Buccaneer wu fourth, Little Bobin fifth, and Varroville last., 'Time, 3 minutes 46 seconda. ,. THUD BAOS.-Tbs (Australian) Derby Stakes of 30 .sovereigns each; h. ft; for 3 years; colts, 8 st. 10 lbs, : fimt»,!.at fi lbe. The second to receive GO «vertían* oat .ofthe rtakcs; 1J mile.-86 subs. Mr. J. foil's bl. o.-The Barb, S st. 10 IWfBUnley]... .'. 1 i -Jotaes tm. o. Bylong Am ", s IL n.hcr'a b. o. Fishhook, 9 st. 10 lbs. (Morrison) - ... 3 ; T. rrorr'sbr.o. Blair Athol, S sL 10 lbs. Jodee Cheese's br. o. Mr John, B rt. 10 lbs. Hi Fisher's b. c. Budelfgbt, S st. 10 lbs. . ' Bettfeg: Sven on Fishhook, 6 to 4 against The Barb, : fi to 1 igsiaat Bylong, 10 to 1 against any other. ?. The^g-fell to an excellent start,- and so close were they for th» first hundred yards that It wu Impossible to aee , what TBS leading. When they passed the distance-poet the Ark timo, they bsd settled down into their places, and in posing ths stand The Barb wu leading, with' Blair ; Atholiecond, Slr John third. Bylong north, tho favourite . fifth, and Budellght last. In this order they passed the Becki turn, and raced ' towards ' ths Benison tarn, where i Bylonr ran into third place, Slr John felling off. Fish« . hook tow began to make play-, and he Tory soon Improved his Milien, having paaaed Slr John, and immediately aftor . waidiBylong. ' When.opposite the new stand, and ap lircacling the Derby comer, The Barb had a lead of a /length Blair Athol 6ÜÜ lying second, and the Hook dose ,up. to they came on Into the straight running, when tho ;favomite made a Rutilo effort toreaoh lir. Taits oolt. He ..paeétíd Blair Athol, however, bot wu immediately after- words »Uared' by'Bylong, who bcet'hlm by a length for reeond placo, The Barb being about three lengths tn front of Bykng. Blair Athol wu fourth, Budelight fifth,, and Slr Joh. last. Tho Barb pulled off thD great prize without being eked to rsoe' from start ta finish-indeed, the milo and a ialf spin wu but a canter for him. Time. 2 minutes 481 ronds. . . ? -, fotÚTii BAC?.-Tho laakecpm'. Stakes of 7 aovarelgns each, jith 70 tovcteigns added ; for three years and upward, .whichjiave not won a prize exceeding 100 soverofgnslh .value ip to the lima of entrance ; a winner of such a prise - thereater to carr)* 3 lbs. extra; maidens at starting allowed fi lbs.) 1} mile ; second horse to receive 14 sovereigns out of thaprlae. Ur. fro. Waldron'« b. g. BlnoiDgliun, aged, 9 it. 10 lbs. j stone?Xx^' **' ^Bmbef^'' 6 a*-."ioibs.(/; 1 J FUnncrj's o', g. Qiùdraat, 6 years, 9 at. « lbs. (Flan" 2 I muy) ... .: ... ? ... 3 Jon Ktnnedj's Bl. h. Don Juan, G years, 0 st. 13 lbs. " Beting even on Birmingham, 2 to 1 against any other. Th. race la eaiñly described. The favourite j am ped off with.i strong Iced, was never caught, and won the race bard, held. Jamberoo rsa second and Quadrant third thrbjghont, tho latter being about six lengths boWnd Jam* ?? bertx at the ' finish, who waa four Iongths in rear , of tb) winner. Son "Joan had nat the ghost of a chance rfronfthe alert. -Time, 3minutes 2IJ seconds. Íh Bsce.-The Epsom Handicap of fi sovcrigna each : . wlth-fiO sovereigns added ; fer.3 yrs. and upwards: ; second bene IO sovereigns from the prize: ;. De Slestre1* b, g. Bapldan, (tyra.; 7 st. IO lbs. \ ' ' (Macalister) I 1 ïn8ealh'f,Jtm.,br.K,Bi^et,aged, Sst. (Ckne)...f 2 dead heat. ) safe's na. eb. eDundee 5 yrs, 9st-2 lbs. (Driscoll) ." 3 orge Waldron's eh. g. Orpoaii, Í yrs. ; 7 lt. 4 lbs. : Uarsden's gr. h. Albert, < yrs. : 6 st 7 lbs. ? i . Parnell's, b. f. Fleur de Us, tl yrs. ¡ 61t 12 lbs. Lee's ch. g. Hamlet, »red ; B at M. Dorie1! co. g. Marcos aged ; 7 st G lbs.' I ? W. Wlnch'sb. g. Satellite, «ged; Tat 5 los. . A. Bowman's gr. f. M sri tana, 4 yrs. : Tit I Beliing : 2 to. 1 against Dundee, 2 to 1 against Bracelet, _ to- 1 against Albert, 6 t^I against any other. could be induced to take bis place at the starting point. At length something like a line waa formed, and the horses leading horses were lengths away before tho remainder started. Albert, who waa supposed to have a geodtmanoe for it, bdrjc the most unfortunate of alL We are Informed, 1 however, that his bad start waa owing in a groat measure to the man who held him holding him after the flag was lowered. Hamlet got the baot of it at the start, and ho made the most of it for the first couple of hundred yards. Bracelet was second, Dundee third, and the rn ck imme- diately In the rear. Bracelet gradually overhauled Hamlet, and Dundee closed up also, so that in passing the Derby Corner the three wore altogether. Bracelet eventanlly showed In front, and he came up the straight running with a lead of à length; at the distance post a rush wes made by the whole of the horses Immediately behind, snd before «Jana cculd put on the stearn, being evidently under the Impression that he had the race in hand, Rapiden, Dundee, and several others were upai him, the . r <*-'-*.'- ««th a dead heat d Orphan was so _r_j see from tbs Stand vuiu. wu ~« _D" . It was the finest finish that we I have seen st Randwick for many a day, and lt may be long before we look upon its like again. The heat was.run off about half-an-hour afterwards. Espidan led all the way from the poet, and won by a head, . both Jockeys using the whip from the totenco post This terminated the day's sports, snd Inmediately after, wards there was a rush made, homewards. Tho general settling en tho races wHl tako paoe atfTalter . asll's at 8 o'clock to-night. - * 