M LAHUPPE'S NOTES ON" AUSTRALIA. GOVERNMENT. I do not "believe there exists a count tlc world in which tho democratic spi our age is incorpora tod with more vi and among a people more fitted to raoei than Australia. IQ truth, it cannot be tended that democracy is in this counl thing of recent invention, as was tho oase i older communities. It accompanied thc pioneers who approached tho shores ol colony. When the flag of England WOB unfi on these new coasts, democracy was withi folds. It was born, in a word, with tho breath of Australia; it has grown wit! and in her, and at tho present hour it i inspires the vigorous population whioli grown up on the nourishment dorived froi doctrines. Could it have been other1 when ono reflects on tho elements which formed the Australian population ? Daug of thc English people, she reckoned in bosom scarcely any but workmen, lahou artisans, or those younger sous of families' -disinherited by tho law of primogeniture, ] come beside the first mentioned, to sottlo al "hearth of a fraternal hospitality, and to | ly conquest a sunny spot on tho lan eq -ality. Thus has necessity, for the prc iion ol rights, derived from a corni origin, and for tito satisfaction of an ec ambition, enforced the association of tl mon, who found before thom a land enough to contain them all, and to offer tc a way to fortune. In a sooial at composed of such homogeneous jneuts, -liborty must needs have with a, powerful auxiliary in Ben ti ment of fraternity and equality; from those there could not but result inst tions -in which were openly consecrated principle of the individual initiative, and right of every citizen to exercise on tho ci mon destinies the part and tho influenoe wh properly bolong to personal merit, sanctio: by tho suffrage of all, " The political constitution of the Aust lian colonies, inspired and regulated by colonists themselves, has realised this no programme. Australia has, porhi pushed liberalism somewhat far ; but in gard to liberty, especially when there is dynastic interest at stake, the extreme superfluity is preferable to the extreme deficiency Besides, is not the very abunda! of the concessions consecrated by the O stitution Acts of the Australian colonies striking evidenco in favour of the men \i were ablo to inspire onough confidence to deemed worthy of institutions more advant than those of the parent Stato ? Thus, n withstanding some exoesses, which I timorous minds alone bewail, the Australi colonies offer to the world the toushing a wonderful spectacle of their young por lations governing themselves with i markablo wisdom, and, above all, of th "Legislative bodies, whero they are proud »how-seated on the benches of the represe tatives of the people and enacting the laws the country-the sons of the mechanic and the labourer." M. "Lahuppo then gives a description of ficeno he witnessed in Adelaide at tho electi of tho Mayor of that city, who spoke witl manly eloquence which was regarded as t more surprising inasmuch as tho orator Vi the son of a shoemaker. The author recor part of tho speeoh of tho newly elected Mayo -" If thon/' he said in conclusion, " I ext in having gained the victory, it above all things, because roy example wi sorre to encourage all legitimato ambitioi and that in this democracy, whioh'is our glor «very one may perceive that high posit io aro no longer the privilege of a class, but tl xecompenso which the freo citizens of a grei couutry award by their suffrage to tho among them whom they- judge to be mo worthy. Gentlemen, added the speaker, exult in this success for another reason ; it that 15,000 miles from thia placo, I ha' an aged mother, whose heart wi "beat for joy when she learns thi upon her son, this son born humble and poo the esteem of his fellow-countrymen has coi forrod the title and the dignity of Mayor < our great community." " In Australia" add M. Lahup»o, "the people govern; elsewher the populations obey tho decisions of th ruling powor, whatever they nre. Gorapai them. On the one part, those who are ii terested vote their laws, establish thoir revenues, determine their exponse¡ it is the family which makes it budget, taking necessary aocouat of all th circumstances whioh modify or alter it application. On tho other side, authority three times out of four ignorant of tho want and resources of the country, raises the im posts, always increasing rather than diminish iag thom, divides the product among th different services whioh compete in zeal t< obtain the largest part of tho cake. It is a pimple affair of addition, of which tho mon ghosts of Councils have only to verify thc total amount. As for the general lawi of commerce and internal politios they come ready made ; good or bad, favour- able or disastrous, tho people must first submit to them, and wait patiently fer happier days in the midst of the failure of all business am] the ruins which aro accumulated around them. "Let MS, then, admire without jealousy, but with emulation, this fine institution of self government, in whioh Australia rejoioes with a happiness which is only equalled by her ex- alted moderation. Strange contrast, in truth ; while tho political condition of tho French pos sessions is so muoh behind that of tho parent state, England has given to her depen- dencies institutions whioh she has not yet ju'ged moot to practico on her own account; and wliile she still presents the speotaclo of a kind of compromiso between tho feudality of tho past-mistress of land and titles-and the citizenship whioh has grown up siuoo the seventeenth century, Australia, an cxamplo to the world, has in a few years has attained tho proportions of an imposing demooraoy, and of a government of -which tho form is still moro republican than monarchical and constitutional. Tho constitution of tho Australian colonies hus, in truth, made thom autonomous and ns it wer o independent undor thc protectorate of tho mother-country. In so far as tho dircot in- terests of tho British Empiro aro not con- cerned, thoy make their own la wa, and can, exoopt in certain roservod oases, treat with tho mo jhcr- country ns ono powor with anothor. In tho muter of custom housos, for instance, they havo tho prooioua resource of reprisals j and this powor of meeting tariff with tariff, contributes not a littlo to preserve the colonial commerce from thoto selfish and arbitrary interests whioh aro so often observed elsewhere, and also to koep up a large current of voluntary exchange botween Australia and Groat Britain. " Ono leading featuro prevails over all others in tho constitution* of the Australian colonies; that is that it is founded on the prinoiple of perfectibility, and that tho right of altering or modifying it is reserved to tho powers which havo issuod from it, (tho Legislatures created by .it), under certain conditions easy to fulfil. Is this right an exorbitant ono, as ono might at first bo tomptod to believe 1 Or rather ought wo not to ad- mire tho wisdom and foresight of the legislator who in enfranchising a population still young, and In easting them at tho first leap into the arms of unbounded liberty, has provided for the ease in whioh the new institutions might be endangered, and has remitted to the people for whom they were framod, thc power of arresting the evil whioh might arise from them, and also of increasing tho sum of thc bonofits whioh thoy bolievo it possible ta derive from them ? In good conscience, is not such a constitution preferable to an unchange- able system whioh may indeed prevent dangers, but which has tho great fault of shutting the door to the progress which timo and tho march of intellect may recommend or enjoin ? In vain would it bo objeetod, that a constitutional law thus conceived mu3t needs involve disorder and instability. Thero aro some things fundamental, which the spirit of reform is intelligent enough not to touch. That which is improvable is not that which is good, but that which is bad. It is the good sense of the people whioh deoides in this matter; and-wo must be caroful to add -the parent State remains still judge, in the last resort of the popular decisions. In granting to tho people the initiative, she has reserved to herself the right of sanction; but this right she exercises conscientiously and loyally, and it is but rarely that in exercising i t she finds hcrsel f in collision with the wishes of tho muss.' After these general remarks on the political consti- tutions of tho Australian colonies, tho author describes specifically the several branches of tho Legislature ia Now South Wales Ho has described the franohiso as fixed by the Constitution Act of 1853, without noticing the chango introduced by the Electoral Act of 1858, the prosont law. This chapter con- cludes with the following just remarks on the working of the Constitution : "I have often heard prejudiced persons in Australia decry their institutions, and lament bitterly the preponderance whioh these institutions had givon to the people in the go- vernment. These people represent-in very small numbers, it is true-in the Australian colonies, the party of immovablo Conserva- tives, who would monopolise liberty, and have j tho solo care of tho commonwealth. Many I of them do not remember that before thoy I became personages of importance, thanks to the advantages of fortuno or of position, they themselves served in the ranks of thc people, that they wore the first to demand equality and to olaim the existing institutions. After all, they have to lament and revolt to no purpose ; Australia docs not govern herself any tho worse for that. Would it have boen so, if the Parliament had been monopolised by these short-sighted politicians, who aro warped by a foolish self-love, and who never knew how to obey any rule but that of their own narrow egotism? Certainly, if ill luck decreed that they should one day triumph, it would be necessary to erase from tho politioal and commercial codo of Australia the word liberalism, and to submit to seo a greedy oligarchy stifle in its grasp the thought, the life, and the aspirations of the people. " To ono who judges without party spirit, and without prejudioe, it is manifest that not only has no just limit beon passed, but that on the contrary the most scrupulous reserve has been maintained in tho qualification for the elootoral right in Australia. In effect, the conditions whioh confer tho right of an elector are proportionolly so trifling for a prosperous people, that it may be a (firmed that it is universal suffrage whioh is exereised in Aus- tralia. But in prinoiple tho legislator has established a limitation more important than appears at first sight. He has kept off from the electoral urn all those persons, with- out hearth or home, without faith or law, who alone can endanger the publio security, and who would dishonour the suffrage, if they were able to avail themselves of it. With this wholesome restriction alone, the constitution has sought to enoourago all legitimate am- bition, and to call to the exercise of tho rights of the true citizen all those who recommend themselves by regular industry and honest oonduot. * * * Tho politioal organisation of thc Australian colonies is, as a whole, a monument worthy of being oonsulted by less advanced countrios, and of serving as a model for thoir future institutions. It is good, it is natural, that the communities whioh are still deprived of liberty should gather instruction from the spectacle of the progress which Australia has accomplished. In thc Austra- lian colonies they will havo to admire com- munities full of force and individuality, capable -of govorning \ themselves without guardianship, and to labour in tho fu'lness of their independenao for tho prosperity of a great country. They will there see, moro- | over, the struggles of liberty- struggles fruit- less when they aro an empty parliamentary gamo, but powerful and fruitful whon they inspire patriotism and publio spirit, when they cause to gush forth from tlio hearts of the people noble sentiments and generous1 impulses, and crown by the positive victories of opinion the work of the oomraon prosperity. Lastly, thoy will seo flourishing there, respect for personal liborty and for the rights of tho citizen ; thoy will see despotism, tho plague of laborious communities, chased for ever away, and in its plnoe an intelligent and watohful government, combining its own loyal efforts with the efforts of the nation," | * M. Lnhuppa speaks throughout of " tho Constitution of tho Australian colonies," OB if lhere were ono Constitution Act for all Australia. . Wjiat ho says is Imo, howovor, of each of tho Constitutions of tho fovcral colonies. A wolUlmown judge ouco t-itt nt» in banco, inter- rupted tho Interminably long speech of a Q.O. upon a vuiy dry mibjeot ir i til the following Inaoiidu:-" If jon think y u will send mo to shop, liku my thrco lo unod friends bpsido mc, jon aro misUkou," 