RELIGIOUS. The principal events under this heading during the past mollth have bees the opening of the new Presby terian Church in iIpsosclh, and the lamented death of the pastor of the eimle. We reproduce tile following firom our issues of Tuesday aod Saturday last: tSt.Steplhe's Church, lpssich, was onenedforDivine norFlhip on Sulnday, the Stlhinstaat, by the Ror. WV. L. Felnon, Mioderator of the Queensland Church, .hoa eonducted tile imorning service, and read the dedica tion prayer shich was very beautiful and impressive. A rery eloquent sermon sas also delivered by the same gentlemtuan, aho lchos for his text the 17th verse of hthe 14th chap. of St. Paul to Lthe Romans " For the killgdosi of God is not meat nsd drink; but justice, and peace, and joy it Itle Ioly Ghost." The organ was well played by M?r. Bloss, and the singitg exellentt-a very great improvement on what it was formerlv. The evenin g services were con dueled by tlhe Rev. f. I'Oravit, who also preached a very- ierlersivre sermon from the last clause of theo 7tlt verse of the 60th chap. of Isaiah-l-" And I 'ill glorify the house of iny goIy." The chlurch, whenc lighted ip as it waso on Sunday night by tumerous Istis, presents a very inpositng appearance. The susie and siunging it use everuing was also very good. Thie place durisg both services was crowded, and we presume a rery lalndsome collection was made. The new Clhrcelh has been built on the sante geounds and partly over the samne site on wlitrl tlIe old Ciohurchl stood. Wlses it waD resolved that a new edilice bshould be ereled~, it was not lont g ulntil Ihe netire membersof ithe Clhurchl laid inaugiurted the neeesalTry worlking Cotmmittee; ald, uafter receivillg designs i'rom local niid Brisbano relsitects, thalt of Mr. J. Buckhtouse. arcohilect and town surreo-or of Ipswichl, iwas accepted. The style of the building is plais Goithic. It is ibuilt withltfreestone foundations atd base; thewallsof18inch briehwork, 21 feet high, and having Portland cemeest dressings to anllgles, openingst copings, ansd tower. iThe roof is open-timubered and slate-covered, the nlain istmbers eominig doiwn with cut tknees on to istersnl corlbes. The interior is plastered in iitatias ofn stosc, and is liled fel op ltel sides wilb cedar dadopli thi n?ud eapping. Thie tower Itt thle wesetrll end ifaces the tofwn, the ground rising froam it to thie east end of the Chunrch. The base of the tower is nlineteen feet square, on solid s(tose-work rising cigiht feel, srmnmsouttcd witlh bricik worl, in archeld openisgo, carrs-ilg thle organu-loft, above whichl is the belfy, in wvlihl is Ittng a bell (Ihe larget. and best-tolled in Queeentsuld--lreseiltedl to thie Clhurch by thie lon. A. itaesliter. Above the brick-wiork of lhe tower, wsiclh i.s elaluted some sitly feet frolit the grolund, i gp'tcefili sltire, latd-eovered and with gtilt Ulletn-ils ities ti o iis lrhetle eig.ht of sixty-twno ftiet, iaking a total lieighlt of one tnisdred and tswenty-two feet. The vesitrs is at thie east ead of the building, opensing itlto Ilsh lttois body of the Churchl on either tesidof' thie pitlpi. the sItil approachLes are by a tlight of ten stone PtepsI eight ftee l ?ide Ut to thie tower entry, anld there are si'-milhu stepls to the two side poreheo. Tile fill igs of the inlterior are of ecditr lltrolghoilul, the seauts laviilg solid Gotlhic-sended esedts tlnd opeti bciks. Tte lobby ienIrty is foreicd witth Gothii-headed psnelu-work, otad ssislg foldilg-doors, seilh ornasentalu perforated fni-ligit- sllsd over tie lobby is col strsesled inu orgin-.gitllery, allproaessed by isi staireasce iu tlse body of the lobby. T'Ile gallery froit is built with lsassive moiulded asd Gotllic llaeel-worl, aulld perfo rated spunsdris; thie front alseo hlaving ornamental standards, rods, and ecrtains, above wllichl rises tile oegllt--u n ilstrlrument botht in power altd tone well adnplted to tle edirce. The ludlpit is erected oil an octagon piedestal, the body bIeing nesni-ocatgou, having stair aplproacehes on either side, flte whlole beilg fosleil wsilth cerved, moulded, erflraltedl, asnd cut edda'r-wo-i k, all French uolished. Thie book- ieand is furtitiicd wisih ilk pirllle velv it coverinillg, lnul rvelet nud gohl lhangings. Tle lighting of tiel Clhurch is ellfeied--in additiols to the stllid oild buns-tel lights-by eight ealllsdoliels?, of chaine nes ap:l?l'll'iale daesign. 'lThe witdows of the 'IChurch lire elt in hlCiisClte. it was origiallly desig?lied to glaee t leant withl comnmoa glass, bIut -Is1 sl lbr l?esti l been tillde I tlhelste s ini is ter ofl' til Clnrcli, th'. f. It. hed, Io firiish slitised glinse, tns atlcraltio, wais snece~asiry, and tile gliss beillg ordetred feoss Eilnlt e requ1ired arrasngemntstl tres siside for n stei v-yle of eightl igisd iseetet se'ttilee ioi. sleto bi sa mwhteel nisldow in tsie calt gable. The shote ,,,st of" this iterhTsion will be eitaslt £20)0. iTho Chiurch t ils s clbee built fron thie ilnos of ?Ie. hI:lteliou?el, , :idit uilder hiis siltlerillltenilieire, Ivy Clsrs. arle-, , lenny. esnd lM'hlsgh. btilhere. 4-Its sizne of tie tCiurtel is eighly feet by- fuIry. end tle ioltal col hIoul tZt:ito. On rrueaday eviltilng a soile,. iln coccmnboemorctccOc of' tle evenlt, took ploc'' icn the ' ehool of Aris, cl pioS'od off pleasanctly. At about. a venI oclorlec Icp wordo of hlee hundrcd pcerroc., pri?crici;ly • hihh'en, ait down to table whirch were coveCreld "ith fruit trod edibles of vaorious blnac, waichic quickly dli iplrealed. The ?er. WV. I,. N'elson o{cupied the chair, and on the plitforlim wcere ever.al rCev. gecI Ilelilell and oiliers. T'le I'rv. etInlilollllnl, lllterl n r aic had beec alling, delivereld an address it.oigltuPtlIing the ccngregation on tihe compiltion of the encrel dlitt?c, ith openiyg of wh]lich thcc were c'ornmcnocrat' itogoccid ach icoou ' £riheod ofoccv erclerr iao-icui luicd i ,l in tQueoersocli. It wa, c tlrl Prc.c i' e erliar build itng, ailta simlle tulad yet ubistalltlial. 1'l.lullitl he had ?rcil Ilurillig his c :ity lcire, hc i.blitveil tlhlltl ti debt iat jllllt llLo tlhe bulildinlg, tIhogih it Ilnighlt bC concsiiicchibe, b sould with cc littlc exertlio lie speedils wicieri anuy. umeruc1a othe" lice di i sedaaerW?' d livered, and a very plellsllt renillg wlcs ?lcln- soilewha: t suaddened, howrver, hi' Ihe knIoaledge cIloIi the cincilter of lhe Church cob picrertcled by ill eent ritcll ntt 'll tllicg. 1,o l'ors'cccl, however. hial co' idea i tc ticcie h: ct Ihl illcneos of their Iatolr c'i so erliOlsc. llucr dai s atterereds ace. bd to putclish lie following : tl ia ailh gcutl rell'cc' {thi, 1cc ItlccinollCcl' thci , dl'ciith icll tle ?il. $ n :'IcClch Wilon, ll licnt jatotll'll o' lt. -e ]hn ]rosb'eciicc Clhareth ill thic o,,. 1For toicce yerrs the rev. gcctclleccucc had ccot bcel inc cobuot c.cliit' , usiicg to pilun aom n ll.%tiou c1lctcavtad dcccr ing the last year of his lcollegiate studies; but it had heen hoped and expected by 1li friends that the bene icial change effected by a rilosarl to ttI climate of Ausiallia would lhave ensured to lill Ioiony Vscors Of usefulness. However, the 1iorxilslstC enlne of his death has not been this disa.re, but overr-cxrtion in the fulfilacsnt of his ministerial duties amonog the sick and dying, inducing utter prostration of sltreugth. ander which a constitution nsot naturally strong hsiss ouacumbed. Tilse e. Samuel Wilson was a sative of the North of Ireland, where lie completed his studies for the milnitry, and was in the year 1860 licensed to preachl tile Gospel. Immediately after obtaining Isis license -parlty owinsg perhaps to Ilis very youthful oppear lance, coupled withl great elocutionary powers and tie earnestness ansd zeal of his manner--nnunussalnmount. of popularity attenslded the young preacher, and ino tess than fivre congregations, some of them amnong the largest and most influrential in the provinse, conm pcted for hIsis ministratiose. On tile urgent advice of his medical advisers, hIe seleted the emalleso, and least important. of all, namely, IIolymount, then re cestly beceom oocant by the resignatiol of the Ree. James Love, now one of the Presbyterian MLinisters in Brisbane. There e hlaboured for few years with great zeal, beloved by Iris Ipeople, till contrctling a sevegc cold in the discharge of his duties, his pulmoss ary afection assumed such a serious aspect that hIe wns compelled by medical idrico to seek the more genial climate of Queenesland us thle only remaisning hope to tlrolong his life. Aririving in Ipsweiclh in May, 1863, lIe at otce re ceived and soon after accepted a call from tile congre gation of St. Steiphen's, on the condition that they should only expect from him such an amount of umin isterial work ns hIis feeble health wrould permit. iTis health haoing somewhat improved lie ovrertpped thre limnits of labour originally fixed, and in the full die lcharge of mniuisterial labour, as it has proved in the sequel, overtasked his streinglh. Sisngulrly sensitive and conscientious, hIe has been visiting the dying, when warned that hIis own frameo as sinsking. N'or did lie lay aside the larness, till from tile very plat form, when hie was addressing Isis people on eternal realities, lie was beckoned away by the finger of deathl to that chamber of sickness from which Isis spirit has soared away to his Father in heaven. Hlie had long looked forward willth deep interest to the opening of the new churlch, erected under his ministry, but the first chimes of its bell, summoning to its opening ser vice, fell on hIis ear as hie lay on Isis deathbed. So died tile Rev. Samuel Wilson, in the midst of hIis yss-s, at the early age of thlirty-one,leaving a beloved wife and an attoehed people to lament his loss. His unanimous election as first Moderator of tile Presby terian Church of Queeaslaad, although the youngest misister in that denomination, evidenced the respect and esteem in which he tas held by Iis ministerial bretlhren. Spotless in his character, blameless in all hIis relations, almost feminine in tle gentleness of his disposition, hie lived in the hearts of his congregation, and in the tearful throng assembled yesterday in St. Stephen's he Ihad the heartfelt testimony of every worshipper-" VWell done, good and faithful eerrant, enter lthou into the joy of thy Lord." The Annirersary tea-meeting in connection with the Congregutional Church,IpswiEih,tookplacei thlCSeShool of Arts, on Tuesday eveninlg, March 27, and passed off successfully. There were four rows of tables rumsing the entire length of the hall, ornamented withll numerous bouquets of flowers, and covered with every description of cakes, seandwiches, sweetsueats, fruit, &A.; About two hundredl persons were presetlt, of whom the large majority were children. After te. the hull was cleared, and a public meeting took pilace, whichl was presided over by the pastor of the clturoh (the lev. Mr. Jenkyn), who, after a hymn had been sung, addressed the meeting at some length. He said they were met together not to put forward any pr- ticular principles, whlich no person of intelligenee would ever thinlk of doiog at sueh a meeting, but to act like true Christians towards each other. True religion brought men nearer to each other, and one of its results was an increuse of knowledge, in a litemray as well no a spisituo point of view. By putting too masly distinctive principles forward, all were likely to lose ground. The day lhad poseed when the sword was used to promulgate religion, but thie guill hlad to a certain extent taksen its place, for it waos possible to shed blood withI the quill, by Iurting the feelings of one's t'ellow-crestures. The mnore they respected the feelings of their fellow-creatures, tihe greater good would they do. The chureth had done all in het iower in putting forwurd the Spirit of God-the spirit of the gentle silent instruction of the Gospel. The ilncrease in the number of members during the year had not been great-not msore thsan sir or eight -but re eonsidered one soul converlod thoroughly to the Ieligion of Christ of greater value lthan millions of others. Tlhe subject of the eduenttion of the youthl of this eonlsry was a greatt and all importanLt one, and one whichl ought to comsunud the attclntion of every m:mn of tolnt. It was a grand thing to instruct chlil dren in tie religioi of Christ, nud the rerolleetion of sues work wsould lighten tihe bnsin of mIuny whens passing tis'ougs the valley of the shudow of death. About 10 or 180 chlildresn were attelnding Itheo Stbbath-chosls of tue church. The state of the interior of the country was truly deplontble-wholte fimsilies growing up and living little better thouan brutes, in igsnorance and oin. This suite of tlhings claimed tle ateitlioen of s'rery Clristianu, oand reery ldesnomsisntion sholld joisl together in thie greut worit and see wnhtt could be done. A lil0 otwho lived ilone in the bush muut be either a god or ai beast, and the latter was veryr often the·cuse, lie swould be hIsppy to attend a meetaing of ministel s of all denomiUntions, in order to see what coldd be done in le si sinte'r. The lyev. Mr. Gritlth said ihe was halpiv to stale tlshat a lrge increase had taken place i iilie number of ehurs'hes in connection wilsh Congregatisilismi. liHe exhorted tll to be ruled aid governed by the great doctrile of Christ--"1)o unto others ns you would that they shlould do unto yot." The onlry hIlc for this colony ~as ill an increase of stoe ilsensu of spread isg ithe principles of true Christiansity ausid a decrease ill deslonilnlatioalisni , wlitsoit swhich IhC wstre ( of evangelization was ni ost hIopelesirs. ]e rejoiced it Ite eiiteer oflmtional elucalion s dopted Ihroughoul tlle colony, by wuhint all chalses and ail creeds rosld receive Is good seetlar' eduention; the Sabbuth-sctlool wosld coute in withl its religious tIoelingg. Hle sp proved highly of Iltose anniversary ieetliligs, bitt ie would like to see the criildrels pay more attention to what took lCee, that they lIigsht hand it down from genrertios to generatios. All crtlnnistsciess sud dis. I ity should be banieldst from tile couutrs, auld tlens te had in doubt that, with uni uity of purpou e md u good utnssertriiLs.ystem ofedstestiiot, it would greatly i'osper.--A eholt uddrets froom the Clitirmns witas fotllowed by a lsrmti, after 'shich the RIer. Mr. 1Iid dilngton spoke at leaglb on the dut ier of eogreegatiousn to itheir misisterns. He ,omtptl'reid religion in this colony to ithe pr'esel state iof the earth, which wanteds plstefni slhoweris to aoist'ss it, so ithe roul oft its ini:tbitanuie wanted sthowers of divise g'.see to ?soell their heartls, asd thllt coull be obtained lby tirTlelt prayrer. Iet rcooiunetldetl house ic'siltiosl by ul) hoittied pterons, who. in si sihig, could leave books ead tor with tile inulaer.s, and by Isht Iseaus tse ehurheti loei seuartcly ,'s't lilled woouli be crowded to overllownig" lie sdrised unilt of purposes , and wolit like to sle iill woruk nith nilollg ll11}, ia ..rolg pull, slid is pi1ll stliiogtiir.-3Iir. ilReire and M.r. It. Crib, jiunr., alfsrwards aiddresecdl the imeenting. nd a sUte of's tiaslk liavtigo beetn tiwacded to the ludi's on the siltisn of l)r. Cliullior, the proiseeditilge ler msailstsd withi tsle siiginig of t'le dosology. Tle Easter lheetisig of thie congregation of St. Paul'ss (Ipswiche Ainglirns Cihurch) wc.ss heild ort the 3rd illetatll, T'e rcipor sbhored ian jinereasl e of Inarly i7l ill lyrw-rIes wsncr tile ilrevious year, antd pirolor tion:ate iiePinse in the oflerilory collelstiolts. T'ise ohipetd of the thirgymon (I li per sisUM, in nddiii' ts .5110 fosi IoIr•eriumesi, st u I, rssisgul issi atsoib~.i bus n p isqarrerly in sidsuts-ce, suit ge'"erall yI lth sistsce oa t C hi .uslh sie ii intuis factory conidiititn h ts' totail sreceills wii're rlc;utrl a t totusaiId ponnds. A ilebl of £IU0I, hIIe'rer, r ounts Si the hiilting: this, it hois ed, i ill -le'edilyh bh, iiped oof[, ndl te luowser built, so Ilalt tle c' o.,Rgetli'sl taoiy be its a positios to av\ail them elrcs of Ihe olflr e pealco of bells mad.I stl thies iugo by lMr. Ferrett. firateirls"y tetutbcr for the hto Ao io;re'sjiudllllet l'rite1s: -" Flsatsler \tWillh Iltjd uiuas ui oinoi :iaii's allcios Cil tssit on-Sti.. lill'eri ])?ar, cuand clxpre--cld hi. elf is higihly gaatilied tat its" horge tiih'ndanitle', sot ]sts 'h.e l rixty or -eenty isii ies's aehing pre'en?t'. lie n'eached nl >Olin' hlinglt on the virI's si'nd Ilistis-siltonr' zes-it of the i ist snd s ellonsel thie ilts' to isnitlte hill iii nis smanly sls aeits. iThe Ctlip wasUI qci1it, i ntl ileot onie itr' mllill l il' i t ile iss ible lthere. )is huaiYsidlls. Fnihlr Woalls said lulilS iin the scroolI hIusie ot- Cro\ ?hic:'os ltilwsy C-amp, rwhen thie aliendallne e rIc1 o recry laruge, iI1 a tconsiderable nussii of thie navvies isres-ivsll te holy I'olslnllslnn iferss nlus>. 11 is uiinilieisshod ihait FlalhT ils Wtlle usn> bect permantuurtly al-o,,iiti'l esih ih.-hlahi,',y u'f ite' rail The anniversary tea-meeting in connection with the United Methodist Free Church, in Brisbane, was held on Good Friday. From thie report then read and odopted we take the following:-"During the year we have, in compliance with the wishes of some who were marmbers of our churches, residing in Ipswich, commenoced to labour in that city under considerable disuadvannge, but with every prospect of ultimate snucess, the result of the labours of our beloved pastor, the Rer. Rt. iMliller, and his assistants, the lay reclihers (under lthe blessing of God), is highly encomuging. At prccnt the brethren at Ipswich worship in the Freemausons' Hall, but it is centem plated shaortly to purchase a piece of land, and erect a clhapel in which to worship. The labour entailed poni tihe preachers by this eflort is considerable, the xpenlses somnewhat, heave. We are glad to be in a pocition to inforni you inhat a seconLd minister will slhorly be sent to Queensland, with a view to the catablhslmrent of our church at Ipewieh." T'ie new Wcsleoyna Church, South Brisbane, will he ,oprord for Dirine Serrice on Sundlay, the 29th inst. Tilhe chlurlch is a very handsome edifice, and capable of holding about three hundred persons. We read in the Dalby Herald:--The committee aplointed at. tihe meeting on Thursday have already collecrted, in actual cash, sufflcient funds to purchase an alloltment of ground upon which to erect a church.. We cannot but admire the spirited manner in which the Colgregationalists have set about this work, and their success is but the just reward of the energy displayed. in a later issue of thIe same journal it is atsted: On Friday last the Congregahionalists accepted the tender of Mr. Bill to erect their church, which is to be of wood, principally beech. The contract price is £181, W. C. Wakeling, Esq., architect; time, ten weeks from signing conlract, ow that we are on churches, we miay notice that the rebuilding of the Roman Catholic Church, by Mr. Kilpatrick, is pro ceeding with great rapidity. The brickwork of the Anglican Church is nearly completed. Over £200 has been collected for the purpose of procuring the soervics of a clergyman i'je yndah, and we are further glad to know that the Rv. Mr. usnninsg, Episcopalian clergyman, now residing at Tarnoom, lhas consensted to make his abode in the town.9 The building intended to be used temporarily asa Chlurch of England at Mlaryboroughl is nearly com pleted, and will be opened shortly. 