NEWS BY THE MAIL. (FROM OUR, PARIS CORRESPONDENT.) December 27. ON Sunday, 10th December, 1865, at 10.30 a.m., and after a short struggle, Leopold I., King of the Belgians, departed this life at the age of 75. This termination of a long and useful life has created a general sensation, though it was not expected that His Majesty could long resist the numerous attacks he has had to undergo of late. All other political subjects are now set aside, the King's demise being the general theme of conversation. The famous treaties of 1825, which were the basis of international rights, may be said no longer to exist, and Belgium, the offspring of a violation of one of those treaties, can enjoy but a very uncertain existence, placed as it is in the midst of antagonistic, ambitions, and of great powers with wonderful appetites. Whilst Leopold I was alive, the Belgian nation- ality had nothing to fear ; the King was distinguished for his high wisdom, and was moreover allied with the majority of European potentates either by marriage or by friendship ; the necessity of having an arbitrator to settle any diplomatic differences, was a guarantee that Belgium would remain inviolate during his life time. But now that the king is no more, what barrier is there- against the ambition of Napoleon III., who, it is well known, covers, what is called by a certain number of papers, the national frontiers ? Who that does not know that in 1852, the decree annexing the kingdom of Belgium to France was signed by the cm poor, and that the publication of the Moniteur with the same had already began. It was only at the request of li. de Moray, then very influential, that Napoleon III. altered his decision. The public and Europe awoke the following morning, little doubting the immense danger European peace had run in the night and it was only long after that the world learned what the historian of Napoleon I was capable of "Why should he not do in 1860 what he intended doing in 1852 ? Will not some pretext be formed by France - some odious pretext - to meddle in the affairs of Belgium, in order to re- establish order 1 Once order re-established there will be an indemnity required, as the Savoy, to cover our expences in the Italian expedition. These are the questions now put by those fond of justice and inimical to the invasion of despotism in that little corner of the continent, Belgium, where liberty has taken refuge. Let us examine and see if the above mentioned fears are justified. Belgium, in 1865, is divided into two parties, both influential, but let it be said to their glory calling on the name of liberty. There is the Catholic or Ultrmon tone party, and the liberal party. Leopold, a Protestant, in a Catholic country, spent his whole life in trying to keep peace between these two, and though his sympathies were in no way liberal, he mostly lent his assistance to the members of the Anti Ultramontane faction, who were the representatives of the general public opinion, he considered it to be his duty as a constitutional king. Of- Into, the Ultramontane party, seeing the democratic liberals daily gaining ground, have had recourse to their old dodge of calling out that they are oppressed and persecuted ; they have ever since 1861 taken advantage of the differences existing between the Government and the mining and sugar manufacturing districts relative to the tariffs, to insinuate the possibility of an ultimate annexation to France. The fact is indisputable, for, whilst our liberal press scouts any idea of incorporating the kingdom of Belgium, the Union and the Monde (two Parisian Ultramontane papers) declare openly, and without disguise, that if Leopold IL, late Duke of Brabant, shows himself unfavorable to the Catholic party there will be disturbances in Brussels. Other symptoms make us fear that the destinies of Belgium lie in their hands. If the young king ascends the throne without disturbance of any kind, and if the patriotism of the antagonistic factions abstain from rancour for a time at least Belgium may be saved ; if not it is to be feared that Herr Von Bismarck, the Prussian Premier, on the one hand, and NapoleonlLT., on the other, will share the booty, The army in Belgium is decidedly favorable to Francesco., the officers, who naturally enough would prefer being in the service of France. Let us, however, return to that important person called " Leopold I., King of the Belgians. He was a scion of the house of Coburg, born on the 15th December, 1906. he married, in 1875, Charlotte, Princess of Wales, daughter of George IV., King of England, and had she not died in 1897, he would have been in much the same position as was the late Prince Consort. After the battle of Navarino, he was offered the kingdom of Greece, which he refused. Elected King of the Belgians by the National Congress of 4th June, 1831, he accepted the crown conditionally on the 20th June, and finally took the constitutional oath 21st July, 1831\. The following year he married Louise, daughter of Louis Phillip, King of the French. He was one of the most singular persons imaginable. To see him walking about the streets of Brussels, like any private individual, one would have little thought how this potentate had created for himself a second nature very different from his own. He was the idol of the Belgian people, who mourn his loss as being has never been mourned for. Once, but only once, during his long reign did he have to complain of his subjects. It was in 1832. The mob, no doubt under the influence of foreign instigators to insurrec- tion, receiving the word of command from Paris, appeared under the windows of the royal palace, proclaiming the downfall of the king and the establishment of a re- public. Leopold came forward and addressed the public in the following words : "My friends, I see we cannot remain together ; you wish for a republic-good ; return to your homes peaceably, give me time to make the necessary preparations, and I will shortly leave Belgium. I have sworn to make you happy; I will keep my word." The men, affected even to tears by the words of the king, dispersed quietly, shouting, " Long live the King His Belgium Majesty was a great traveller, 11 and never failed to be present whenever two sovereigns were to meet. Did two ambitious potentates agree to come together in any place to change the map of Europe, quick as lightning Leopold was there to put a spoke in their wheel. At a time when there was a talk in France of intervening in favor of Poland, I one day saw him taking an ice at Tortoni's, on the Boulevard des Italians, two days after, the status quo had been decided upon. Well, this model king, this citizen king, was at heart a mixture of Talleyrand, of Palmerston, and of Nicholas I. All simplicity and good nature in the streets of Brussels, nobody was a greater stickler for royal etiquette than he was when in his palace at Laeken. An out and out aris- tocrat- egotistical in the extreme he had caused the unhappiness of his second wife by his immoral private life ; he had not the slightest affection for his children, whom he only embraced on his death bed. He is said to have thoroughly despised the Belgian people, whom he however, made happy by respecting their will, no possessed that virtue which Montesquieu calls the " soul of monarchs," and which is aristocratic honor. He had sworn to defend a constitution he was averse to but his word was sacred, and he did his duty. He is worthy of the following epitaph :-" Here lies the greatest king, the only king of the present time." Let us hope that the work he has contributed to in so powerful a manner, may not be lost-however, " piano," I fear it, for on Saturday last, there was a Cabinet Council held at Compiegne. The question of annexation was debated ; but the following letter, published by the Moniteur, shows us that there is no cause of anxiety for the present at least. The letter of Napoleon III., to the Duc de Brabant, says : "It is with the deepest regret that the Empress and myself have received the news of the death of your father. His wisdom and sagacity had placed him at the bond of the sovereigns of Europe He always showed me so much affection, that I sincerely deplore his loss. I doubt not but that your royal highness will follow in the footsteps of your lamented father. I shall be happy to prove my friend- ship to you, NAPOLEON.' " Latest news from Brussels bring most satisfactory accounts ; the greatest calm prevails, and even the Ultramontanes, are dignified and moderate in their language. The national patriotism showed itself on Change yesterday the 4h Belgian funds rose 2 francs, and those of the National Bank 70 francs. The new king receives addresses from all parts of the country, the latest is that of the Grand Masonic Lodge of Belgium. Leopold I was a zealous Freemason, and was grand master of one of the English lodges. I have neither time nor space to examine the tenor of the language of our European press relating to the death of King Leopold ; the general opinion, however, seems to be that the event will not cause any great change in things existing. My next will give you a more detailed account of all these matters, and what is the drift of public opinion. The funeral of the King of the Belgians took place on thelGthDccomber. The whole nation may be said to have been present. Brussels has hardly been large enough to contain the crowds that poured in from all parts to take a parting look at the lamented king. The royal corpse had been conveyed from the palace of Laeken to Brussels the night before, by torch-light. Thousands and thousands accompanied the cortege, which presented a most imposing scene. The following day the Duke of Brabant -the late king's eldest son made his solemn entry into his capital, and there took the constitutional oath in presence of his | royal relations who had attended the funeral, and the members of the Senate and the deputies of the Chamber. The assistants one and all remained sitting and with their heads covered-a symbol of the superiority of the people over their sovereign. The king made a short speech, in which he spoke of his attachment to the constitution, and his firm intention of maintaining it he then received the addresses of the Senate and of the Legislative Corporation. The royal speech was constantly interrupted by loud exclamations of applause. Events such as the death of the King of the Belgians, would in ordinary times be sufficient to fill a weekly correspondence ; I have, however, other things to talk about. Another warning has been given to the editor of the Phare de la Loire. It will he remembered that he has already under- gone a month's imprisonment. The monopoly enjoyed by the hackney coaches for so long a time in Paris has just been abolished. Progress is slow in France. The Court festivities at Compiegne have been suspended, in consequence of the death of the King of the Belgians. There is to be an election in the department of the Orne. It is expected that the opposition will triumph, but these are trifles ; the important event of the day is the mission of General Schofield, which is denied by some, and affirmed by others. As far as I am concerned, I am well aware of the object of the general's journey to Paris. No one will make me believe that it is to see the beauties of the French capital. In a banquet held at the Grand Hotel by numerous citizens of the United States, several toasts were drunk to the maintainance of friendly relations between America and France, Mr. Bigelow, the American envoy, alluded to the mission of General Schofield in very general terms, the latter is said to have had several interviews with Mons. Drouyn de Plays, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs ; there is, it is certain, a negotiation going on for the ultimate evacuation of French troops from Mexico. General Schofield under- takes, on the part of the United States, that no attack of any kind shall take place on the new empire of Maximilian. Mons. Drouyn de Lhuys, on the other hand, pro- mises to withdraw the French troops with- in the space of two years. The entente cordiale between Mr. Biglow, General Schofield, and M. Drouyn del. Hays appears to be perfect, but let us hear what is whispered, and peep at the other side of the medal. Whilst Schofield is carrying out the instructions of his government in Paris, it is said that the United States consul at Alexandria has handed to the Viceroy of Egypt a protestation against sending negro troops to Mexico. This protestation is accompanied, I am told that I cannot in a measure guarantee the fact) by a declara- tion that the United States Government is decided upon not allowing a monarchy to be set up at its frontiers. I cannot, as already mentioned, vouch for the truth of these statements, and can hardly believe them ; however, the protestation seems certain ; it can, however, only be said to exist like a sword of Damocles over the head of the French Government, in case it should not seriously think of evacuating Mexico. I will dwell no longer on this subject, which is far from being a topic of universal interest. You are, perhaps, well aware, Mr. Editor, that for a fortnight after new year diplomacy may be said to be at a perfect stand still. Life is but a span ; we, however, find means to make it shorter j it will not he until after the opening of the French Chambers that politics will be of interest ; the Imperial opening speech will inform us of the Emperor's intentions respecting Mexico. A propos of the Emperor, the report is false that Leopold had named Napoleon III. his executor. When the news of the death of the King of the Belgians arrived the Imperial Court was at Compiegne, spending its time in the pleasures of the chase, and revelry of every kind worthy of the times of the regency. I must inform you that the Emperor is very fond of the game of quoits, which he often plays with his cousin, the Princess Murat. You have read a description of the rather equivocal tableaux vivants and charades, the passe temps of the Imperial Court, which would lead us to believe that we shall return to the corrupt times of Louis XV., without either its taste or its witty literary productions. Le Duc de Massa, a young noblemen, has taken upon himself to fill the place that our great writers used to occupy at the court of Le Grand Louis. He has just treated, the imperial guests at Compiegne with a play entitled " Les Commentaires de Costa," a kind of pot pourri, in which the praises of the Emperor and his entourage are sung ad nauseam. The performance has, of course, been a great hit, and the imperial guests speak wonders of the RMS en scene and of the costumes of the private theatricals at Compiegne. The plot of the piece is more or less meagre, and I will dispense you with a detailed account of it suffice it to say, that the Emperor is compared to a coachman, driving the coach of State, and the following verses will give you an idea of the merit of M. de Massa's work On cooler lit year of suit, jo vous juvo, Du siege auguste You To people la mis Dopuis seize ans, Bait bion d'une main sure, Minor son clear at sea coui'BiorB Bouinis. Des trop fouguoux calmant 1'oHbrvosoonco, Des trop craintifs corrigeant los arrests, Son char, Kulin, best cedar do his Franco, It you chemin B'uppollo To progress. The translation of which is for the benefit of those who are not familiar with the French language : [TRANSLATION.] This coachman, night and day, from the couch box where his people have placed him, for the last sixteen years, drives with sure hand the chariot with its submissive steeds, tempering the oUbi'vosconco of the restive, and stimulating the timid ; his chariot is that of France, and the road he takes is that of progress. It may be said with much truth, that the French people are submissive to the lash of the coachman, but it is not very polite to the nation to tell it so. In the course of the performance amuse is introduced, and on one of the actors mounting it, he sings the following verses. It must be motioned that last summer performances were given by a mule named Rigolo, which nobody could mount, and was a source of amuse- ment to thousands that flocked to the Hippodrome arena : Los condemns de la cite Bomaino Etaient livres jades aux animals Its penetrated gravement daiiB arena Et prononouiont on Latin quoque mots Brabant her cello solo forced Jo pans commonly des loss, on fire autant, Et sur son dos superior 9 to turn, Morituri Caesar to salutary. [TRANSLATION. Those condemned of the Roman city, were formerly given up to wild beasts ยก they penetrated the arena, gravely uttering some words in Latin, setting at nought this wild animal, can do as they did, I can ex- claim at the top of my voice, Morituri Csar de salutary. The Emperor is said to have hold his sides with laughter. What would the ghosts of Moliere and of other great writers say, were they to return and see the trash that is now offered to the lovers of dramatic art 1 Bismarck draws in his horns as the children say of the snails. I mean that there is not much to be said about Prussia, has Bismarck finds that Austria can for the present keep out of his clutches, having been fortunate enough to negotiate a loan of 500,000,000. The Emperor Francis Joseph has now something else to do, and has no time to wrangle with the Prussian Premier about Schleswig-Holstein. Whilst I am writing the Austrian Emperor is opening the Hungarian Diet, and the crisis the Austrian Ministry has had to go through is coming to an end. The question is, whether M. Deck, the preponderating chief of the Hungarian party, will propose a compromise to the Crown, or whether the Crown will follow a conciliatory policy ; the latter is most likely ; as it, is the reception of the Emperor by the people has been excellent. It would be premature to say anything of the denouement of the present embroglio. In Italy, the debates of the Parliament of Florence begin to take a serious turn. Signor Merin, a conservative, has been named President. I must begin by noting the important diplomatic documents laid on the table by the president of the council, General La Marmora, and the financial accounts by M. Sella, Minister of Finance. The Roman Question, and the convention of the 15th of September, are evidently the most interesting questions on the tapis. The following orders have been transmitted to the officials on the Roman frontier : " Every means are to he used to protect the Pope from attack, but, as it is not likely that harmony can long reign between the Pontifical soldiers and those of Victor Emanuel, any idea of their acting in concert against the brigands is to be aban- doned." The Pontifical and Italian authorities can, however, come to an understanding as regards general measures to be taken against the brigands. Another document of no less importance is a circular dated the 25th November, 1865, which informs us that the sensation produced in Germany by the establishment of better relations with Italy, has had its centre coup in Austria, Unfortunately, the cabinet of Vienna only consents to treat with certain Italian provinces, to which terms the Italian Ministry cannot comply with the circular terminates with the following words : " We are desirous that friendly powers (especially those which place the Venetian question in the first rank should fully understand that the responsibility must necessarily fall upon those who are the cause of those evils, the consequence of the respective position of the two monar- chies. As regards the financial statement of Signor Sella, the following is a succinct but exact account. Your perusal of the same will convince you that the situation is not the best. The deficit of 1866 is of 265,000,000, and no reduction has been made in the war expenditure. Signor Sella thinks it quite indispensable to reduce the deficit by a hundred millions. The following is his plan 3-36 millions of economy, an increase of 20 millions on the registration of stamps, 25 millions by taxation of doors and windows, a tax on the grinding of grain-which would produce a hundred millions. In looking further into matters we perceive that the cramped position of Italy is caused by the financial situation of the country, which obliges her to levy new taxes and take the money out of the pockets of the farmers, hitherto accustomed to a cheap government,. The ministerial party in the chambers has but a slight majority. The radicals, who alone may be said to have had any real influence, are in a state of decomposition. The only paper, the organ of the last-named party, the Unita Italiana, has just died a natural death for want of means and subscribers. Garibaldi himself seems to be but the ghost of what he was, living more in the memory of those abroad than in that of his fellow countrymen. Li consequence of several elections which have been cancelled, there still remains eighty seats in Parliament to be filled up. Fresh elections, the result of which may in a great measure modify the number of votes of each party, will take place toward the 29th or 30th of December, 1865. The question is, will General La Marmora and his ministry live until then. I, for my part, lean towards the negative. If the situation of Italy is an embarrassed one, that of the Papal government is deplorable in the extreme. Money is scarce, so much so, that a loan of 45 millions has been resorted to at great sacrifice, in order to alleviate the dreadful monetary crisis reigning in Rome for several weeks, where nothing but small coin is to be found. The brigands are furious at seeing their old allies, the Pontifical troops, against them ; they achieve wonders in the reason- tree with them, beating them every- where Monster, the Pope's general, exasperated at the numerous defeats, is calling out for reinforcements, in order to crush the brigands, who carry their audacity so far as to carry on their robberies even in the streets of the Eternal City. It must be owned that the inheritance of St. Peter is not a bed of roses, and when the French troops leave Rome, the dangers the holy father will be exposed to will not full far short of those of the gracious Isabella, Queen of Spain, who, after having prudently shunned Madrid, whilst the cholera was raging, has made a solemn entry into her capital on the 14th instant, where she will await her confinement, at which her mother, Queen Christiana, will be present. I am sorry I cannot give you any account of her Majesty's entry; report, however, said, that the population, of the Spanish capital did, not intend receiving her with great cordiality. A correspondent informs me that Isabella would even be received with hooting by 12" exasperated subjects. The King and Queen of Portugal, on their return from England and France, will only pay a private visit to the "Queen, for the Portuguese envoy in Paris has received certain information that it is the intention of the progressists called Iberians " to prepare a manifestation in honor of the two royal travellers ? These are the fruits of moderate governments of every shade in, Spain-from Senor Sartorius to Marshal O'Donnell, says the Temps, if there be in the Peninsula an Iberian party which, despairing of the future of the constitutional government of Isabella, turns its eyes towards Portugal, it is because Portugal gives a good example, and her neighbors give way to the contagion of liberal ideas, the base of the government of the house of Braganza Coburg. A report was ejaculated that Spain intended contracting a new loan, through the means of Mons. Perrers a report which has been contradicted. It is even said by the Government of Spain that there is no want of money, and that the budget which will be presented to the Cortes on the 10th or 15th January, will show an economy of, eighty millions of reals not very likely. 