f NORTHERN LAND LEAGUE. free trade in land. (To the Editor of the S. M. Ilcrald.) Continued.) x lou sny 2s. Gil. per ncro is absurdly low, at the A .nbovo rate how uiuch more absurd must be the price | oY '10-10 acres (tlio rout being onpitnlisod) nt £17— as j noVns possiblo Id. per aero' for tho virtual fee simple, It lias boon a roproach to the squatters that | they nro paying .Id. por acre rent — hero wo find Govornmont, by granting to small cqjiditionnl piiroliasers tlio very oyes of tho oouiilry at 5s„ virtually parting with the froohold of average land at id. per acre, Either New South IValos is mad, or Nlsk the prieo suggested by " Sagittarius" is the very l-evorso of absurdly low. Remember well that tbero is uo waste to Govorn mont in Sugittarius's plan— no SO percent, for survey v —110 100 acres given in for every ono bought— Government will get 2s, Gd, for every single "tore, ) As an explanatory analogy I will mention, but not i weary tlio render by proof, that a mob of horses may ) ho very dearly bought at 20s. all round— wheruns ; we constantly sou a single horse sold for £20, It is tlio snmo with land. j Recollect that Sagittarius— besides offering 2s. Gd. I per ne re all round— offois to begin at present. When 1 does bis opponent suggest that the land all round A will bo sold for tho sufficient il. Nunio your own date— 200 years hence?— 100 years lionco? Sny half that— nnd yet you know iu your heart that there is not the vory ghost of a chance of such improve- -, ment taking place, under the presont restrictive \systom, in loss than 1000 years— but let us say fifty „ Years— /. c., you expect £1 pur aero in fifty years _ t" Sagittarius" pnys yon at once 10 per cunt, on \- »i\2s- Gd. Now, if 1 can reckon nt nil, mid such is / found to bo tlio enso by every life-insurnueo com pany. 2s. Gd. in 7 years will equal 5s. in 1-1 yoars ditto 10s. in 21 years ditto £1 in 28 years ditto £2 J in 35 yoars ditto £4 I in 42 years ditto £8 in 49 yenrs ditto £1G. 8»o urged that no Govornmont will thus SBHoy in compound interest ; but I sny that Rpovenimcnts do cxecuto prudent public pa that 1 am qmto sure that every 2s Gd on a prudent self-siipporting railway will ..Lave increased thy wealth of the community duriinr f tymine years By infinitely more than £1G. This I onlpablc, tliuft I will not waste y0llr space by T thereon' uicroly observing in parontlie.sis. QY,M. do not behovo in my heart that, under tlio present lion improving policy, the average value of waste laud will, in fifty yours hence, booneiolamoro valuable than it is at pioscnt ; whereas, if sold and improved together with tho personal anil other wealth ot the colony, created by this same improve ment, each aero will, in fifty years, be worth £1G Under the present commonage system (the public- land is virtually a common between qho conditional purchaser and tho Crown lessee ) ; or worked besides, bp an absolute Land Minister for political purposes All the waste lands are not worth ten millions sold nt2s. Gd., they would fetch about thirty millions- and, in fifty years, increased by pul.lio and privato enterprise, this would liavo increased sixty-four times, or to the amazing amount ot nearly two thousand million pounds. Such I bolicvc to be the nltimato difference of tho presont commonage system, as acquiesced in bv yoursolf, and tho freehold system as advocated bv ' Sagittarius. J .Now, Sir,- believing what. I have written. I shall make very short work of those fancies called posterity —au.l his mythical trustee. If poster! t v means anything, it means the generation (our grnnd- ' children) who will bo flourishing fifty years hence. 1 i-nstce means those individuals, or that b.nly whom wo ourselves aro permitted and in duty bound at present lo appoint. Wo have the option of' namm- ourselves as the natural and improving, trustees fin- . our grandchildren — or, aRor tho experience of tho last ten yoars, we might foolishly confide to the reckless dishonesty of a Parliament of New South "Wales, or wo might bury our treasure in a napkin, under the custody „f a coloninl chancery— -probnbly, on reflection, we shall S"o the propriety ot ourselves accepting this im portant trust. I hesitate to trespass further on your space as to price but my next argument is so irresistible hat at ho ,-,sk of not being clearly under- stood, I will at least state my upmion in the condensed form. I contrast the average land of Australia wit improved land in England, and measure by the common standard of sheep. Four acres in Australia feed one slmcp. 11ns sheep is only one-third of the weight of the English slioep-1, is flesh sells nt only ono- thml of the Eng hsli prieo- -tho labour of tend tag the sheep m England is one-third ef that required in Australia. _ Money is only half the value in England that u is hero, and 1 aero in England will feed 8 English. sheep. Wo have lienco as a proportion betwoon the average Australian aero and the- improved i English aero, 1x3x3x3x2x8=1 tu 172S » T ,,i t startled as I pun down tlio contrast; but not finding % . any mistake in my data 1 fearlessly set down a re.-uft TV whieh shows on tho ono band how much public and vA private improvement, as well us civilisation hnvo vet to efloct in Australia; and on tlio other hand ilmr v Gl . if a short £100 is the prieo of all English aero 'such ' j V . as I have described, a very little more than one shi! v ' ling will represent the real value of the average !, 7" Australian aero. I suspect no capitalist could buv land ill Australia at this prieo to relet it, as is the .'practice of purchasers of tlio land iu England nt the 77 prieo I have mentioned. Depend upon it, therefore, the pnrchasor of wholc- rl; , sale Australian estates at 2s. Gil. will buy their properties loss for the intrinsic value than as instru- " incuts on which to expend tho steady energies of a , lifetime. They must necessarily be residents, and \- not absonteos-L AqwnrjlslE".— .Mitublo workin" of 11\. ' vIiaso they will depend \m tli'c prudent iTdtli- i. bytonsivo improvement. Tiie coinfiirt of i tA. family will require many inure such, 'yearly in- 'eroiising with their wealth ; wbild their public spirit, acting as a useful direction to. avid promotiii" tho public spirit of their humbler ncikhbnur, will" give rational private employ inout to bundlcdsof tliousamls, as contrasted witli the sunscluss wavste upon tho un- . remunerative public works of tho preVsent day. Even our so-called reformatory ltuid\lttws of 1861 abound with violations of froo trade, since the bauds of our groat 'landlord — tho Crown — liavo been tied— tied by laws of its own making. Though the vast majority of public lands nro admittedly not worth G$. per acre, it is illegal to sell thorn undori'l. Again, illilo our traders requiru unbroken estates. Govern ment must dole out the luud by auction in blocks not exceeding 320 acres. " Sagittarius " proposes lo remove these absurdi ties respecting tlio limits uud pricu of Crown lands reducing whulcsalo blocks to their approximate value, 2s. Gd. And every lover of material progress sees in fancy the country, guided by oven this glimmering of free trade ill 'land, bounding from under tlio ru- \- Wn ivinnnt understand the nbovo cnuatioii. it is quite above our algebraical knoivlodge.- -Eu. Ar. A.) movod weight into n career of unparalleled pros perity. However, this reform would merely froo tho soil from the foltors of Government, ti stagnnto again in the Inwyor-hoiind hands of helpless, listless, absoqtao proprietors. Aro wo to liavo the same story lio o that onod mado Ireland so miserable ? Tho instalment of Freo-trado advocated by "Sagit tarius," is not siifiieiunt. lie must urge absolute Free. trade in order to perfect bis plan. I am almost dazzled by the present advantages which must, accrue to tho adoption of evou bis limited plan — but, looking a-lieud, lot lis luivo Freo-trado in its integrity— Free trado so porfect that tlio owner of ore million acres will bo logirdod with no more jealousy than the owner of 100 ships — it being ud- inittoil that the profitable use of property, irrespective of its qnnntity, is always a public blessing. It will tako some time to disibuso the public of adverse impressions justly fostered by a long con tinuance of false legislation. Tlicy must bo biought to understand bow, under tlio proposed Act, ostiitos, howovor large, can by sale bo rapidly subdivided — and necessarily must bo so by descent. That land would soon be lookod upon as any chattel property — to bo sold by tho porson who clous not require it for his own use — to tlio person who does want it, and is able to make a more profitable use thereof. That, under those circumstances, as hnppoiis with oilier liiorcbandiso, there will bo always more persons desirous of selling land that of buying it. That the fear of any future immigrant or candidate for nil agricultural or pastoral life being in a worse position hereafter as to land than nrnler tlio present law is futile ; since, instead of suttling down in a com parative wilderness in a hostile attitude against tlio scmi-noiiiad and reckloss squattor, ho would bo coaxed and cauvnssod by numerous public-spirited and resident proprietors, eacli urging his selection of their neighbourhood for his exertion in pieferoneo to any other — by no menus ns a tenant, for who would accept the tonuro, when every landowner would bo tompting population to onrich bis own district. Tho vexatious abuses of ctmimnnnge would have dis appeared, rights would bo defined by straightforward and nmieablo stipulation ns contrasted with tlio vnguo bounce of our prosont laud laws. Goodwill ami co operation with neighbours would attend " Siigittn- rius's" system; while tlio present plan loads only to agrarian diss.-nsions. Amid friends or antagonists — in an intensely thriving, or amid a stagnant com munity, thoro can be no doubt which would bo tho happier and more prosperous system fur tiny future farmer. .Extension of municipalities throughout tho in terior is tlio present cry, and I admit tliu urgency of decentralising our public works, nnd oven other institutions; but it lias been forgotten that the funds required for carrying out stieli a policy will proceed from taxes on property, nnd Unit any suoli tax to bo just, must press equally on all pro perty. Surely our universal landlord — llio Grown — will not shirk their own share by compelling a small minority of the proprietary to improve gratuitously Government laud ; and (bo municipalities will natu rally assess Uruwn land ut the prieo put thereon by Government tliomsolvas. Govornmont cannot afford to pay municipal rates on sixponny land ns if it were worth _i'I. Yet to refuse doing so would appear tyrannical, and eoi tninly inconsistent. I see no escape thcrcirom but the early transference of these wasto nnd freehold sections into llio productive hands of private oivners. I will conclude by observing that if " i.ngitturins's " plan bo combined with free-trade in land — upon which t have insisted- — Isco 110 objection why the (icoupnnt should not bo allowed to buy tlio whole iiistoad tit hail merely— the latter half probably of bis run. 2000 acres is too small a block for nil average of 2s. Gd. por acre. There aro numerous river flats of l but sizo on which each acre is worth the present minimum. d. 