Oï)c â&i;>imij_ ¿Womina trial. SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1850. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, In reply to questions put by Mr. Lord, Mr. WILSON said that instructions had been given on the 20th July last', to the proper officer, to report upon the proper site for a township at Cannonbar and that instructions had been given to the local Commissioner of Crown Lands to report as to any reserves for water supply in the Wellington and Bligh districts which it might be necessary or proper to proclaim. The House having gone into Committee, a resolution was agreed to affirming the propriety of introducing a bill to enforce claims against the Government. Mr. BUCHANAN moved the second reading of the Accomplices' Evidence Bill the object of which he stated to be to make the criminal law in accordance with the ordinary practice of Criminal Courts of Justice, that is to invalidate by express declaration of law the unsupported evidence of an accomplice, in preference to him leaving to the discretion of the presiding Judge to admit the evidence, and merely caution the jury as to the nature and effect of the testimony. Mr. D IONA M opposed the bill. Mr. MARTIN also opposed the bill, on the ground that it was better not to fetter the discretion of the Judges as to directing juries with reference to the nature and effect of testimony of this description, which must necessarily depend upon the circumstances of each case and that by such an express declaration of the law as was sought to be effected by this bill the door would be opened to much injustice. The motion for the second reading was negatived by 31 to 2, and the bill was therefore lost. The St. John's Parsonage Bill was read a second time, and passed through committee. The House adjourned at half-past 1. Tira return to power of the Earl of DELHI and his friends will be of little importance to the colo-, nics^ but as their interests are entwined with the other parts of the British Empire. The internal government of the British Empire will be left to the people as before. We do not, however imagine that the Earl of CAERN.ARVON will be less courageous in resisting the vagaries of colonial cabinets, or of holding in check the eccentricities of power which may signalise colonial affairs. It has been seen commonly that when the Tories are in power they govern upon the principles of the Whigs, and that when the Whigs are in power they administer government as much as possible upon the idea of the Tories. When the reins are transferred to the Liberal party their friends enjoy the advantage of public patronage ; but when the Tories are favoured with the QUUEK'S commands they take care to watch the Liberal camp, and borrow their inevitable policy. Such is the experience of the past, and we may suppose it will be the practice of the future. Yet we cannot detach our interest in the change in its more general aspect, and especially in relation to events which are opening upon the Continent. If the speeches of the Tory party in past times can be fairly accepted as the programme of their foreign policy it will much differ from that of Earl RUSSELL. It will be more warlike and decisive. Not, indeed, that the leaders were willing to accept the responsibility of violent measures as the point of starting in their administration ; but they have gone in under no such obligations which might have been implied by a successful opposition motion founded on foreign affairs. They are as free as Earl Itussxxx. to choose their policy, except as it is forecast by their avowed opinions. Still there is a spirit in parties which leads to a particular course in the events which are rapidly succeeding each other, and to a tone of communication with the Foreign Courts, which naturally leads to a line of action, and thus involves the relations of the respective countries. Had the Tories been in office during the com- plications with Denmark there would have been fewer despatches written than those of Earl RUSSELL. The earnest desire of this conscientious nobleman to preserve peace and to work in harmony with the German Powers led to this country assuming an equivocal position in the earlier stages of the quarrel; now seeming: to be in sympathy with Denmark, and then proposing measures to Joe German) Courts which) could scarcely be considered by Den drink to be friendly mediation. It would have been far boiler to have said nothing was to have (arisen the position which England has done in this unhappy affair. The speeches of' Fail PI'IIIIY and fair. JbiaKAi'-i.i, as the organs of their party on this subject, will be remem- be real by our readers, and it may, perhaps, be inferred that in similar circumstances a more decided and English policy would be adopted by them. Not that we have any reason to suppose that the Earl of DERBY will willingly plunge into war. The events themselves may bring in a condition of affairs very different from that ever contemplated by the Cabinet of Karl Kussr,i,j" France has now thrown off all semblance of reserve. "We know precisely what the destination proposes, and what we must expect in the case of success attending the Prussian aims. The programme of France has been to desire peace, and to do nothing until war should break out to advise all parties to live in harmony, but to make no effort whatever to arrest their rising. But the moment, they have gone into the field, France begins to see an active party, to intercept the course of the war should it be adverse to Italy to prevent Italy acquir- ing an excess of power in the event of prosperity attending her armies; and to watch the alliance of Italy and Prussia. She proposes to take care that neither Power shall, rise into a st length that may excite the umbrage of the French people, and finally, in the settlement of these quarrels after the war shall have declared the victor?, to reserve for France the right to take and keep those provinces which are nearest to her present boundaries, and thus to acquire a compensating territory. France, it would seem, has already moved to realise this programme. She has not entered the war, but she has taken her forces into the field. She is an armed spectator of the fray, and has announced her intention to interpose, of course backed by her military and naval force. Thus, though not technically a principal in the war, she is so really. Helene my is not defined, because the triumphant party is not declared ; but each party must submit to her dictation as if she had shared in the battle, and meet her in the field if her view should be opposed. Perhaps all these things might pass without any difficulty disturbing the repose of England if Russia was not at hand, to take her advantage of the strife, and to imitate so far the policy of France. She has not sent her armies against either of the belligerents, nor declared herself their friend or their foe, but she is ready to claim, at the moment when the chance shall occur, compensations also mean- ing more territory-territory advancing towards that very capital in defence of which France, England, and Italy at Piedmont united not many years ago. Then, will England stand by and say nothing ? Has she no territory to guard or no compensations to ask ? Will the change in the balance of power put her Indian possessions in peril by bringing Hussui to Constantinople, and at the same time, as a matter of precaution and defence, bring her into Syria ? There are points about which a few months will probably enlighten us, but they are those upon which will depend the attitude of England and the relations which she will hold with those Powers which have interests in common with, or adverse to, our own. Events in modern times advance rapidly. The engines of war and the instruments of Government ore now moved with the celerity of chemical forces and mechanical appliances. We never know what will happen on the morrow, or how the events of to-morrow may be repeated on the day which follows. It is not now the taking of a town, or the subjugation of a fortress, or the pursuit and retreat of small amounts of a few thousand men. According to the Times, two millions of men were in Go many alone armed to the teeth and waiting for the signal. How many men tons more Russia, France, and England are in a condition to bring should their interests or passions lead them into the conflict? Such is the aspect of affairs; and with their mine guns and shrapnel shot what may not be the destruction of a day V In olden times the chances of an army escaping from a wound in battle were certainly as great in proportion as the prizes of a lottery to-the blanks; but an instance was given even in the Sepoy war of sixty-seven persons being put hors de combat by a single company in one discharge ! The whole face of things. may therefore be changed by a leg or an accident of the field. With what impatience then must we wait for the next intelligence, which may show a far more gigantic conflict, with results for more portentous to England and to the world ! THE Bill for the Registration of Brands has met this session with more favour, or, at any rate, with less opposition than when previously before Parliament. But there still seems to be considerable difficulty in securing assent to the clause which provides that every drover in charge of a mob of cattle should carry with him a delivery note stating the particulars as to the cattle under his charge. The owner dispatching him with the cattle is to be bound to furnish him with this note, and the drover is to be bound to produce it on proper requisition, under a penalty of twenty pounds. And any- one purchasing from such drover any cattle from his mob, other than what are described in the delivery note, is to be liable to a penalty up to fifty pounds. The object of this clause is very evident, and its utility in checking a very common form of cattle stealing will hardly be denied. . It is no 1 reflection upon the whole class of drovers, many of whom are men of reliable character, t and who enjoy, deservedly, the full confidence 1 of their constant employers, to say that there are not a few black sheep in the profession, and some who, though not absolutely black, are I decidedly dusky in colour. Everybody ac ' quainted with rural affairs knows that it is no uncommon thing for drovers to 'pick up" cattle on their travels. If they happen to have lost any of their own on the road, either by straying or by accident, they can in this way make up their numbers and save themselves from having to account for any missing beasts. And we fear that squatters employing them have never inquired very particularly into such transactions. So long as the same number of beasts taken off the run were sold and paid for no inquiries have been pushed as to whether they were the same beasts, or whether any changes in the composition of the mob were incidental to the journey. Sometimes drovers' have done a stroke of business on their own account., Occasionally cattle from the runs they pass through mix with their mobs in spite of all they can do to prevent it at other times they do not try to prevent it, but simply allow it and at other times they give a little gentle assistance to the process of amalgamation. Fenced runs, with reserved broad highways for travelling cattle, and with camping reserves at proper hitnvai«, would be a check upon this very common proceeding. But in the absence of nine h termed) the provision in Mr \VH_ON«* b 11 would have considerable efficacy) As it i til present rule is There or no pi solicit ch ck It is very, seldom that a drover is overlanded to the d cul what candid Jic Ins go and where they. ( mc From, all we are the brands belonged to He is not bound lot in by with him in) informs dun on the point , nor is my one entitled to ask him unless it is a poem in who has just cause to suspect him of cattle stealing and he has min) open oitnmtiLb on the road or quickly disposing of any beast that Um i) not be convenient to keep too long, If in owner should happen to spy. out ma travelling mob "once cattle clearly gather ed off his run, he would have great difficulty in the present state of the law in proving that the cattle had been stolen This difficulty deter owners from prosecution, although they may be moral!) blue that the same has been com- called 'they have to accept what they know to be the hollow c case, that the beasts joined the mob, and could not be separated, and to content themselves with the recovery of their stolen property, glad to get even that much of satisfaction If Mr. WilSON s bill becomes law, there will be greatly) more risk in stealing, greatly more chance of detection, more chance of I loving the theft, more risk to the roadside purchaser of stolen goods There will be more protection to the owner, and less tempt 1 lien to crime This is clearly so desirable -a result that the objections to the disputed clause ought to have Me it weight What are the " It will be a little trouble to owners to supply these delivery 1 ours But what will be the trouble compiled to the security given generally to the cattle property at present so unprotected not so open to plunder 9 All drovers crossing the Murray) into Victoria have to get a delivery note for registration purposes, and the necessity) has never been complained of At an) riot , no squatters have petitioned the House against the dull, and it has been before the country now for about two years then, it is said, drovers might lose their notes or get robbed of them IJui robbers do not generally take place that is M 61 thiess to them, and these delivery notes would have no pi cure a) value, mail is to accidental loss drovers are no 11101 L likely to lose then delivery notes than then bank notes I besides, it would be very easy to hue diph cutes stowed away in different parts of then (less, ci forwarded to post town along their route and in any case, where a man could give 1 L,oocraccount of himself, and was known on the 10 id, from the neighbourhood, as a good character, and could satisfy the magistrates that he had lost his note accidentally, the line would be nominal No drovers have petitioned the Assembly against the bill, or even topic 'sented through the journals that the clause would be oppressive to them, or that it would be impossible for them while Unveiling to take 11s much care of a piece of paper as the) can do of a short pipe and if as a class they were threatened with injury, the) are not quite so helpless but that some of them would have found a tongue 'Then it is urged that the people on the line of route will be starved, as they have been accustomed to buy their meat from drover Some of them doubtless, will have to be 1 little more cautious in their purchases, unit may perhaps have to give a somewhat higher price than they have been accustomed to give to those who having got a beast cheap could afford to sell him cheap But there will be no restriction on legitimate purchasers Drovers will be able to sell is heretofore The objections obviously are very) slight and when compared with the argument in favour of the bill are altogether overweighted h even if much gie der reductions were proposed on the movement of stock from place to place, it would be wise to submit to them, provided that this submission promised to check cattle stealing This Crime is on the increase It is filling our persons, it is demoralising our ) "young men it u recruiting the ranks of bushrangers It is almost impossible to even see the mischief that its prevalence is causing Its costliness is great, but this is the least part of the evil It is full of danger to the social life of the commun(e) No pains should be spared to eradicate it, and if the proposed law will really operate effectively to diminish tire temptation to this crime and we do not find this to be denied that an) little inconvenience it may possibly cause should be a light consideration compared to the good it may effect Nothing it may involve can be so great an evil as the further spread of the vice of cattle stealing BUCHANAN V HANSON AND VNonirie- From the en iff son of a consoling word strong impress 11 noon vc j ed us to part of the Chief Justice a charge in this case The sentences, explaining; the effluence Ittw on the just fied one! the unjustified j action of the able una should have been Anthelme who MUR thiU both whole assertions constituting the answer of the defend ants But, 1 mug to (be omission n mentioned the learned Judge H made to ip pair as expressing an opinion of his own r>«pci.tin¡r the damages The sentences referred to should have r is a? follow- They said that not only were these sub stantly true, but that they were publish d for the public bert fit that connects s, the nature of the subject the port tion of the plaintiff and what he will do all it was for the public believe that he should be exposed And with respect to the portion of the alleged libels which was unjustified and to which there was a sales of not emit), they might or might not be deemed habits but if libels they were so insignificant that very small damages were necessary ' Brm CAMP s CASE It will be in the recollection of our renders that an application for leave to appeal against the decision of the Supreme Court of this colony in granting a new trial to Bertrand, was sent home to the Par Council some months ago Accompanying that application was a scene est to telegraph immediately the result of the Privy Council s decision, in regard to the order to be applied for to stay all further proceedings here until the Lords of the Privy Council should have time to decide upon the duties of the application for leave to at poll An application for leave to appeal, and for an order to stay all further pro seedlings in this case in the colony until the Privy Council shall have disposed of the case, was made on the 27th of June last and the order to stay further proceedings was granted A telegram conveying this information was du patched from London in the middle of the day of the 29th of June, and as an instance of rapid conveyance finally gence over an immense extent of land and sea we may state that it arrived at Galle on the next d 11 occupying but twenty four hours in transit Hu 1 the steamer been about to start when the telegram arrived at Galle it would have been received hereabout a fortnight earlier than it was This order of the Privy Council will be a complete answer to an) application for Bcriraud s release We may fairly r state that Sir Roundell Pain or and Sir Hugh Cairns- the late end t resent Attorney Generals have been retained on behalf of the Government of this colony in the matter of the application to the Privy Council THE OBSERVATORY- We have received a letter from a correspondent complaining of an encroachment on the land adjoining the Observatory, on what is known as -Ingalara Hill The piece of land which is now being enclosed, is on the north side of the Observatory and is of very limited extent The fence to enclose this ground, together with a building inside is being erected by order of the Goveniuiont.upon The application of the A.stronomer, (ho Parliament having voted 500 for the purpose of last session The new building is required for the purpose of making magnetic observations there being too much iron in the large building, and in the instruments c retained therein, to allow of these observations being made with certainty It has been represented that the Observatory building (as well as the nature of the hill on which it stands is unsuited to the purposes to which it is applied, the traffic on the surrounding streets causing so much disturbance that one class of observations cannot be taken except in the dead stillness of the night FUEL Cut out 01 ENGL MI- Negotiations are now being entered into between the committees of the Free Church at Geelong and the one here to effect if possible, an exchange of clergymen the Rev J? Strickland to take the place of the Rev. Mr At new the matter rests entirely with the church authorities at the first mentioned 1 faces, and so far as the rev gentlemen themselves are con- I occured, they have expressed. their willingness for the change-Commioucaícrt, (At lOtt-\'oainiiquifliil In building " |mt¡Pl lettllerM find the Volunteer Artillery will carry on shot incHes furn Denies Bullery lliianftettonn all that the child fell creen Do line of fire to the night of 1st Dei i in. in a net s Tim II l lust) - InOut fine Husou'sh L H Hu Peel in viscera as, a, JJmitil of it Mr John Young, read Um J fencing c for John Town, £10 10s A (man in it to IJI wait -An impure) respecting to a depth of a (jul named William Nowland of a hull before she Luv Coroner, yesterday, at the Path Ann, arrived I and the evidence given in support t line di tried was the daughter of a fisherman named latest Nowlinct, ii tor War value leader at Longbottom, on farmer] to overhaul the father left home to go fishing, expresses his intention if his daughter of remaining- out all night, the deceased with two other children were left at home stones, d club did. not go to live, but, he was her custom, sat up in all"- her fi.tbcr'sictiiin,sboMt issue stated lei Half being heard as in the son of the fin pWi, ariel felling a, case at once about o'clock next morning, when she funnel bedclothes nil at line CK, and ran to her aunts about eighty yards distant hereafter some difficulty succeeded in cutting lung th (Inn f H but not before deceased a body in some parts WAS. literally verified, the mint applied obtained flour to the turn, and run off for a doctor Deceased was quite sensible up to the time o of her death, which took place about 9 o cl wk in the and! son of the same day) Deceased was a very painful child, and was frequently left alone in charge of her brother and later Dr Haylock stated that he was called in to see the deceased , he found that she had been severely) burnt from the knees upwards to the head, so deep and severe were the burns on almost over; put office k<l) with catsup, and the sufferer so much depressed by the Chin eli that he had no hope of her recent cry, has found that 1 it) retreatment had been adopted before his arrival, deceased wusscnsillc, he applied such ron edic.t as he considered beat calculated to rent to her intense sufferings time nita faintly seen the (-back to the BV stem from M, were born. Verdict "Died from ii innes accidentally received by her clothes taking fire " TouM) Diieivt SÍPD-About 10 o'clock yesterday morning, the dead body of a man was found floating in the water, near the Queen's Wharf, Ciioul Quay. The body, up to a late hour last night, had not been identified Du round appears to be about thirty years often, about 5 rVjat 7 mthcBin 1 eight, had dark brown hair, blue) eyes large Le and en chin , was dressed in a dark sun 1 lighted tweed, and had on elastic runabouts, in his poukou were found two £1 notes of the Bank of New cabin In quantity of thread, Lccdlcc, and a pair of scissors shortly nur lies in the dead house, Circular Quay, awaiting identified lion and a coroner's inquest 1 of Mr 1)].AI>-Our Newcastle coal respon lent informs us that a young girl, named Catherine Umhacr, employed by Dr Bowker us cook, was fined deal in bed yesterday answers An inquest will be held Lui ]\stiiAJ»ci -An interesting and instructive to him on life insurance was yesterday) evening delivered by Mr B Short agent of the Mutual Provident Society, in the tempo of co Hall, Pitt street the attendance was very large, almost every feat in the hall being occupied Mr len eli, M I, A , presided Among; the subjects to which Mr t-Lort called attention was the pecuniary distress which (retarded in consequence of the lamentable loss thereby the late weeks and he pointed out how those old he one that could, by the new location of a shilling or two every week in insurance, have placed their new sorrowing actively note the kind of chant) At the term a son of the lee Hut) a minister of pers as to the proposals for it. sum to You MR. it Altin r HI Bur -The ball in aid of the function of the A uluUecr Artillery Band will come rd at the Masonic Hall on Tuesday next, tulips, from the firms iHcrts mare and the number of applications 1 in shorten it in expected to prove a very successful Fur lite i > it- like to see spilling no expense so as it on the bill is stirs- me is outside the elect rations will all be of a military character and more than usual)) imposing in office OtiDi AMI reDs the new enters street in which Mr and Mrs George Case have appeared before the elder) public has proved sufficiently) intricate to fill the seat 11 of Arts ball every) evening during the WEST. during her absence from Sydney, Mrs Cato has added several new characters to her repertoire, amongst them. M mo of the very best that has ever personated Jeremiah. Smith, the present boiler, is n m tatcrpteco of its kind, and, several Mrs Case has been reported, as were prepared for the vivaCity and characteristic reality with which c Tel Lines this and other new characterising it inch she has no penned A notable feature of the " Odds and trade" is the . Protean Cabinet, of which the celebrated Professor Pepper, of ghost notoriety, is the inventor Itnappii read) a lain e allow, having no secret traps or means of egress, and jet which, by some ocular delusion completely at reveals the intimate, and appears as em pit as it is H Before. Mr Cneo is well known as a clever musician, and his son rtrliua-plajicg is in itself a performance of sufficient men to (attract a large share of public patronage The IMIVIKMIFNT MEN 01 THE MAXMSO The farmers of the Manning River, althougH heavy MiftVors by the July flood there, by far the highest ever known on that river, had shown a very) worthy Spirit of self reliance and indcrH.ndtnco 'Jlho Manning River News of Saturday last reports -" relief of the destitute A public meeting was held at the Court House, Junee on Sunday last, to receive any applications that might be made by persons really I'crlKuto, ironic loses by the late flood the committee of the general food relief fund, in Sydney having generously offered their assistance to the Full) doBtittito There were present the Rev W C Hawkins, IN reef, 4 ft] and several other persons Alt 1 letter being stated that he was not desirous to take any part in the matter, to Hot W C Hawkins took the cab or two after having; read the letter received by him from the committee of the general flood relief fund, and explaining- that the object was to relieve those to be wore in real distress, he appealed to those present and found that no one was in attendance who was willing to receive relief, not considering themselves agencies who could come under the class to whom the i tHttsi co was i offered ' A Bi Licinoxin[pCAv\A.itnA -ThoXetcenileU/tnmtetA met states that an oysterman, w hiUt dredging in the Paris Le r the other day, at a place some Ute or six miles from the censor the late wrecks, and some distance above Bullock Iclstid, * picked up a brass cannon, which belonged to the Pat turn, and which is supposed to have floated up the river on part of the wreck The gun weighs about three or four hundreds eight, and was sold to Mr river, boat builder It has a canvas covering, and looks none the tv once for its position in the water IsStillINO IVTWoOHICrS POf l( Y MTIA1 PD i ace Now, iMiouslMi NT-Amagibtenal inquiry concerning the eii(.inoftho Ino by which the Squatters Hotel on the Upper Dawson Road was destroyed on the morning, of the 26th July, was commenced on Tuesday, and completely tender) morning The witnesses examined were A James (the owner of the property), Michael Bryson, and John liens Tancred Mr James stated that, the hotel property, and a cottage in East street, valued at £1200, were there space) to Sir Charles Nicholson for a sum of £2000 The erection of the hotel three years ago cost him £3100 , under A clause In the mortgage deed he was compelled to keep the place insured, and in August last effected one insurance in the Pacific Insurance Office for £1500, and another in the Liverpool and London Insurance Company for £1000. 1 unwed, who lives in a cottage belonging to Mr. l!i)tcn close by the hole!, deposed to discover it g the late about half-past 12 o'clock, and Kisser vg assistance to extinguish the flames flint had gained hold on the outbuildings Mr. ßiron stated that he (Tancred) awakened him and he proceeded to the scene of the bro and gave assistance in carting out the fire on the roof of the stabling No endeavour was made to save the main building, the fire having gained too great a hold upon it. All the witnesses were of opinion that it was the work of an incendiary, but could assign no cause for the occurrence "We understand that the Pacific Insurance Company dock ned to pay over the £1000 insured in their office, on the ground that a subsequent insurance on the same property was effected a similar offence and not notice u to them and acknowledged by endorsement on the policy, in compliance with the conditions printed on the policy Mr Tunics, in his evidence at the magisterial inquiry, stated that he gave the requisite notice but Messrs Headrick, Livermore, and Co , the rents of the Pacific Company, deny having received any true is notice, and the policy contains no endorsement relative to any subsequent insurance-JiûUhainptiiii Bulk tut, August 9 SunviAitiNF TELEGRAF WA -The O teenslindcr remarks in this tone It appears that some years ago of the Netherlands India Government laid down a submarine line from Batavia to Singapore, a distance of about 500 miles. The precaution was taken to lay the cable along the east coast of Sumatra in the mud, so as to protect it from chafing; against the rocks generally found at the bottom of all Indian teas and a sum of two millions of guilders w re expon led on this work The line, however, only worked for five or six, days, and the telegraphic engineers then tried to repair it, but found the fire so injured from us contact with rocks, notwithstanding that it was laid down where their were nor MR. posed to exist, that they failed in doing so The Netherlands Government are not laying down a cable to Singapore over the mainland of Sumatra and it is expected that it will be finished at the end of (LIA year Mr Van Delden, well conversant with this subject, whiCH to inform us that the Netherlands India Gi vernment are not likely to spend a penny for a line to connect Java ii h Macassar, and Macassar with limit, as they had already obtained dear bought experience by the failure of the Singapore line He believes that any line to connect Java with Australia will be a f ultra Uto the Sings Caroline, and that the best way of lessening the time in which telegraphic news may be received from England is by PlcnmcrsleatingBatjurongi, the most eastern telegraph station of Java, touching at the nearest ports in Australia may Uuikelown, Port Essington, or Somerset, to one of which places the Australian telegraph line misfit be extended B) that means says Mr. Van Delden wo a light in two j cars got news in Australia fntul'uglaiilotuot more than ten or twelve days' old There is certainly fell Hderablo force in this view of the question, and it is worth Irr of consideration before any large outlay that may to contemplated is undertaken for a submarine line of doubtful 1 continence 1 main civil affairs in Bombay shows few changes during the last! fortnight There has-been a lull after the ever active and panic of previous weeks, and is one little day 'son of eoiiUderee has revived, as is shown by the expenses owing certified at the Bank of Bombay and at its branches. Business, represent) expo strain, is ultiio.->t its character nor any water since thou art) sales of cotton party ookb=tng ,]]{} directives Out went) o. tUtty the away in the t desolate. 