THE BUSH AND BUSH LIFE ON THE . LOWER MURRUMBEDGEE AND THE LOWER LACHLAN. We take the following from a lecture delivered by the Rev. R. Henderson on his return from the Murrumbidge to Victoria:—" Some sixty miles upwards, from the junction of the Lachlan with the Murrumbidgee, stands Hay, the chief town of all that district; Maude, some forty miles further down, consists of a store, an hotel, and a few other houses; Booligal, on the Lachlan some fifty miles across the plains, is much larger, and promises, ere long, to increase considerably, owing to the rapid settlement of the. country beyond; Cooba, some eighty miles higher up, consists only of two hotels, a store, and the puntman's house. But Hay is a considerable squatting town, with about 250 inhabitants. The ground surveyed by Government-was found to be inconvenient, and has been, by common consent, abandoned for the present site. Some say that a publican having preferred the latter to the former, erected an humble hotel there, and that this, as in many other cases in the bush, more than anything else, determined the position of the town. It stands on the northern side of the river, and is reached from the south by a punt. The day that I arrived, the sun v was 95 deg. in the shade. I had travelled all night across the Old Man Plain, having left Deniliquin the night before, at nine o'clock. I was glad next day, towards noon, amidst the heat of a blazing sun, to find a hearty welcome under the hospitable roof of a friend. The usual offer to wash was at once made and eagerly accepted. Its refreshing influences they only can know who have had a long, journey in a hot climate, amidst dusty roads. Like other Australian towns, Hay is defective in compactness, and the regularity of its buildings. Left very much to themselves, the inhabitants in young townships follow the bent of their own fancies, both as to the style and position of their dwellings and shops. There is no local authority to control these matters, and it not frequently happens that everything but homage to the genius of order and beauty prevails. For its size there is a large amount of business transacted in it. This arises—first, from the many stations that are being formed in the new country beyond the Lachlan; and, second, from the great distance of the stations in all that neighborhood from Melbourne. Throughout the year, as the necessities of the people arise, they are most conveniently supplied at Hay, and thither, therefore, they send for what they want. And as the stations are large, and their demands, especially in shearing time, considerable, it will be seen how the town, though comparatively small, does a really creditable trade. Owing to its central position in that region—but especially owing to its being on the northern side of the Old Man Plain, and in the direct line of road to Fort Bourke, on the Darling, and the rapidly advancing country intermediate, between the Lachlan and the Darling—its prospects of growing prosperity is thought to be most encouraging. The inhabitants are full of hope, and are confidently anticipating a steady improvement in their affairs. Till within ten months ago, they had no day school, and strange.enough, the teacher was one of my old shipmates. He speedily claimed me on my arrival as a fellow-passenger, and reminded me of many a pleasant incident on the voyage we made together on our way to Melbourne ; but up to this day there is neither church nor minister of any denomination within eighty miles of it. Away northwards there is no mmisiter at all; so that having reached Hay, I had evidently got to the outside of the ecclesiastical world, so far as this west continent is concerned. Occasionally ministers have paid a flying visit to the town; but with the exception of Mr. Cooper of Rokewood. one of the Geelong Presbytery, no other minisiter, till I went, had ever systematically visited the stations up and down the Lower Murrumbidgee. " No one ever comes here," as an old black shepherd one day said to me, " to tell us whether we arc doing right or wrong." On my way to Hay, a distance from Kyiieton of about 240 miles, I found Mr. M , a squatter from the far north of- Queensland, from some 400 miles inland from Port Dennison, in the compartment of the train that I entered. He used to keep a store in Castlemaine when I first knew him. -He remarked that there is nothing like squatting, and that he would as soon think of returning to the old country as to storekeeping. He and his partner have a run that is capable of carrying 20,000 gheep; though ttfey have only a few thousands yet. They have three rainy months in the year—namely, December, January aUd'Februaly. They have beautiful weather the rest of the year, and abundance, of grass. _ They knew nothing of ague, and live in a kind of terrestial paradise. They know nothing moreover, of hot winds, though they have hot enough weather; the country is thinly limbered; the plains are of vast size; the stations are at the very least forl^ miles apart; they are often 100 to 150 miles apart; they have no lawyers, no :<loeton, no teacher, and no ipimisters. They ride great distances, and are chiefly annoyed by, ;theaborigines, who keep them 4n constant 7 anxiety when sleeping, out at nights on their journeys across the country. They scarcely ever in travelling remove the saddle from thefr horses; they keep them dose at band, ready foruBe in the event of danger, and lis he said they naturally enough exclaim on waking up of a morning, "Thank God, we're safe once more." The appearance of Bendigo as we dashed through it was wretched in the extreme. • Everything seemed burned up. It looked like'a vast brickkiln. The utter absence of trees and grass, the diggers' humble dwellings, and the ragged tenements of the Chinese, together with the rugged surface of the deserted flats and gullies, once alive with crowds in search of gold, presented a toute ensemble anything but attractive. The plains beyond' were grassless and barren and deserted byflqpks and herds and every living thing. In vain as we advanced further .and further north did we look for life; save andtxeept two wild emus on Moira Plains, tame enough in all truth then from poverty and drought, and now and then a few parroquets on the wing. I saw nothing in'the shape of animal life for 150 miles. Echuca is very much larger since I saw it, and will ere long become- an important and thriving inland town. The crisis through which it has passed will by-and-bye give way to a healthier gtate of things, and rid it of the bad pre-eminence it has won for insolvencies and mysterious disappearances. The country near Deniliquin is highly interesting to the traveller, who can see beauty in the landscape, even where there are neither hills nor dells nor running streams. Amazingly level, it is often beautifully diversified with plains of limited extent, bounded with graceful clumps of trees, terminating in wavy points. But the famous Old Man Plain, between Deniliquin and Hay, must be to any but a bushman a wild and dreary solitude. For the first thirty miles there is bush; but the moment you leave Wanganella, a little township, consisting of two hotels and a store, till you reach the river timber, there is nothing but solitude. The grimness of the plain culminate^ at the Black Swamp, the supposed resort of "The Flying Cob," the ghost of a mysterious horse and his rider, who love, it is said, to haunt those parts of a night, to the terror of travellers. Nothing relieves the monotony of that dreary journey save the changing of horses at Wanganella, Pine Ridge, and The Gums hotels. It is wisely made in the summer season during the night. Sleep of course is out of the question. In the bush coach you must at all times take things as they come. Comfort is never thought of. Without any back to the seat you occupy, unless you perch yourself beside the driver, and not unfrequently inconveniently crowded, you allow yourself to be whirled along, but it is in the hope that in due time you will escape. From time to time during the night you feel that you must sleep ; you yield for a little, and ere long, by some heavy lurch, you are roused again. Towards morning, as the keen air steals in on you, you give yourself up hopelessly to the demands of exhausted nature, and nod all round in the most ungraceful fashion. The punt is reached at last, the coach pulls up at the post-office, delivers its weary bundle, and you are dismissed to your ablutions and your couch. Hay, the centre of these brief missionary operations in which I was engaged in that part, stands, as we. have already said, on the Murrumbidgee. 