CORRESPONDENCE. [It must be distinctly understood that we do not necessa- rily identify ourselves with the opinions expressed by correspondents.] SEED WHEAT. To the Editor of the Queanbeyan Age. Dear sir,--Will you permit me to make a few re- marks in reference to a public meeting held at the court house, Queanbeyan, on Thursday, the 3rd in- stant, the object of which was to take steps to relieve the distress existing amongst the small settlers of this district by procuring seed wheat for the coming season. I may state, that the reason I did not at- tend that meeting was because I had not seen the paper containing the advertisement calling it; and at the hour of the meeting I was busily engaged in loading a dray. According to your report, the first speaker at the meeting was the Rev. A. D. Soares; and that gen- tleman commenced his speech by saying, in plain English, that charity to the ghost was the ghost of charity; and I think that so far as he was concerned (judging from his address) his was in reality the ghost of charity, for throughout his speech, his ob- ject appeared to be to censure the poor settlers of the district because some of them had in better seasons spent money that they might have saved. This kind of argument reminds us of the man we read of tra- velling from Jerusalem to Jericho, and who fell among thieves. We all remember what the priest did. The second speaker on the occasion was the Rev. P. G. Smith, and he, like the previous gentleman, never once hinted at the probability of his showing sympathy with those whom the great God of the universe has afflicted by withholding from them the early and latter rain, by heading a subscription list to the extent of his ability. O no! he, too, must censure the afflicted inhabitants of the district with his ghostly charity by reminding them that in former and more prosperous years they had spent too much in wine and dress! Mr Editor, I ask what greater insult could be offered to any section of her Majesty's subjects than this? for has not every man and woman in the land in plentiful seasons spent money that they might have saved? and none more so than the clergy and their families; for if you want to find crinolines of the largest dimensions and silks of the brightest shades you must look amongst the wives and daugh- ters of the clergy of this land. Such charity as this may the great God save us from! It reminds me of a poor man who one morning met a clergyman and asked him for a shilling to get some breakfast with. The clergyman refused his request, saying that if he had taken care of his money when he had it he would not now be without his breakfast. The man then asked him for his blessing, which the clergyman readily consented to give. "No," replied the man, "you can keep it; for if it was worth a shilling you would not give it me." In conclusion I beg to say, that if Dr Morton, or any other truly charitable and respectable man in the district will undertake to canvass for subscriptions for the purpose of buying seed wheat for those who are in want, the sum of five guineas will be payable to that object, on application to ROBERT SINDEL, Storekeeper, Queanbeyan. 