MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. At the 21st anniversary of the Royal General Theatrical Fund, celebrated in the Freemasons' Tavern, the Lord Mayor presided, and proposed the toast of the evening — Success to the General Theatrical Fond." Mr. Buckstone responded to the toast, and after some preliminary remarks, in praise of the lord Mayor, be said:—On last Lord Mayor's-day I had the pleasure of being at an open window in Fleet street to see and bo delighted with the show, when of coarse I had the gratification of seeing our chairman in his great carnage well taken care of, and guarded by a warlike-looking retainer in a for cap, and bearing a gigantic sword. (Laughter.) Knowing onr chairman not only to be a friend *o our fund, but also a patron of the drama, I was one amongst the thousands assembled who gave him a hearty cheer as he passed by in his honorable state. Certainly there was no men in armour or ancient knighta, as they used to be called in the eivic pro gramme—(laughter)—but as it was said, that the expense attending them was applied to a better pur pose, and aa at all times these tuighfai were neither striking nor very steady objects in the cavalcade, their absence was not particularly regretted. Having alluded to the men in armour, lam iiwjliwpfl to relate an anec dote connected with them and a former' Lord Mayor's show. ' I once had occasion to represent"Bichard die Third" at the Haymarket Theatre, but being unaccus tomed at that house to warlike tragedies, we had no suits of mail in which to encase tie captains and soldiers of York and Lancaster. (Laughter") In this [ difficulty I applied to the then manager of Astiey 9B Amphitheatre for the loan of some armor, when almost immediately afterwards a van load arrived at my stage door. I sent my thanks to the manager for his kind and prompt compliance with my request, and experienced for him an indescribable feeling of friend ship, mingled with gratitude. The only drawback to this generous action was, that Hie armor was very dirty, and required cleaning. (Laughter.) To ac complish this my men were occupied for two or three days in brightening it up. The night came for the performance of "Bichard the Third." The armor was donned by the actors, who went into battle cctainly, but under difficulties. My Earl of Biehmond (Mr. Howe), on lifting up his arm to strike at Bichard, could not get it down again, bnt con tinued in that striking attitude to the end of the play. (Loud laughter.) Catesby and Batcliffe wandered about like two animated Dutch ovens, and, being unable to see through their vizirs where they were going, came into collision with each other—(renewed laughter)— some of the Jielmetfl having been forced on the heads of some of the 'soldiers, could not be got off again till long after the tragedy was over; while one dis gusted super., _ who had been laughed at by tlie audience, anil had also experienced a tumble or two, was heard to say, "If this armour dodge goes on I shall leave the perfesaion." (Boars of laughter.) However, the tragedy was played but two nights, when the manager of Astiey's immediately sent his van to fetch the armour away, because the next day was Lord Mayor's-day, and-it was wanted for the show. (Loud laughter. I then discovered the reason of my friend's alacrity in-lending- it to me—it required cleaning, and I had to go to the expense of it instead of him. (Repeated laughter.)— Home Nooi. Mbs. Sitbldto on St. Valentine.—At the annual festival of the DramaticFund, the nameof Mrs. Stirling, the well-known actress, was coupled by the Chairman, Mr. Charles Dickens, with the toast of " The Ladies." In responding, shedelivereda witty and eloquent speech. She said—"You have thought fit to couple my name with the ladies. Now, for that act I retort by charging you with high treason to St. Valentine and his day. Ton are the last man to deserve pardon for the offence, for yon have shown, by your witty and eloquent allu sions, that you had the day and its duties fully in your mind. It is treason, I say, to St. Valentine and his day to couple anything with the ladies bat the gentlemen. AndtaUdnpofSt. Valentine -in these days of archae ology, eccleedology, and all the ologies—isn't it great reproach to our learned men that they have not been able to discover why St Valentine should be selected as patron of the sweetiiearting and bniet-douzing which goes on to-day through the post. M be bound the ladies would not nave been so long in finding the reason. Indeed, I believe the first lady who ever teed to find it did find it, and, as Peg Wbffington might say, 'Sure, that's myself.' 11l tell it you. But mind, I give you all notice—the reporters in particular —that the discovery, like our ghosts and sensation effects, is copyright and patent No; if it' was patent any boy might have found it out, only that they havVt. Well, this is my discovery. I mads it by the help of the old lives of the minta l called the ' Golden Legend.' It told me, first, that St. Valentine was a saint and martyr of the time of Claudius. Now, there seemed something to the point even in that. Most young ladies are disposed to make saints of their sweet hearts, and mceverad: and if Valentines lead to the Temple of Hymen, as so many of them do, not a few wives are ready to make martyrs of theirtusbands, and I&C;£ versd. But that didnt satisfy me. Rft^Hig further, I found that St Valentine's great miracle was opening a blind young girl's eyes, and then I felt I had it Love is blind, they say. I say, au contraire, till h>ve opens their eyes for them, and Cupid works quite as great miracles in that way as ever St Valentine did; and that, I take it, U the reason why St Valentine is Cupid's fatherconfessor, and his day the love- letter day of the 4*fll^?nilf?* As this is the first public at which the ladies have been invited to sit down with the gentlemen, what day can be more appropriate for its celebration than St Valentine's? I hope every gentleman present has come prepared not only with his subscription, but with his valentine, to slip into the hand of the fair lady at his side. If any of you have come unprepared with the necessary documents, instead of a billet-doux, slip a billet de banque into her hand, to be .added to her subscription. I defy you to find a fitter way of paying your addresses; for what better love4etten than £ s. d., when they go on an errand of mercy like subscriptions to a charity? But to-day, as we have been reminded, is Ash Wednesday as well as St Valentine's Day. W« actors and actresses should be the last persons to be startled by the coincidence. How many of our days, in the earliest stages of our career at least, are like this, consecrated at once to lore-making in play and in public, and to fasting in sorry earnest at home ? Our object to- day is not feasting, but charity. If there be feeding, let it not be ours only, but that of the hungry months your benevolence will help to fill. There used to be Lenten oratorios. Let our Lenten oratorio be the chorus of grateful prayers that your lrinHnotu will call forth—the Bongs of thankfulness from die sick and tile suffering—the widow and the orphan—from those who, but for you, might be aban doned —those who, but for your timely aid, might sink into tile sad ranks of the forlorn and the despairing." The French Wheat Tbade.—The wheat trade of France exerts a considerable influence upon that of England, and it may accordingly be interesting to group together a few details as to the course which matter? have taken during the last five years. In 1861 the production of wheat in France was estimated at 75,116,287 hectolitres-, in 1862, at 99,292,224 hec tolitres; in 1863, at 116,781,794 hectolitres; in 1861, at 111,274,018 hectolitres; and in 1865, at95,431,028 hectolitres. The imports amounted, in ISGI, to 15,602,318 hectolitres ; in 1862, to 6,045,893 hectolitres ; in 1863, to 5,092,105 hectolitres ; in 1864, to 3,573,213 hectolitres; and in 1865, to 2,874,084 hectolitres. On the other hand, the exports, which, in 1861, amounted to 1,982,706 hectolitres, rose in 1862 to 2,841,010 bee-: tolitres; in 1863, to 3,498,578 hectolitres; in 1864, to 4,685,321 hectolitres; and in 1865 to 8,067,920 hec- ; tolitres. The average ?wnn?i consumption of each of the five years is calculated to have been 90,275,490 hectolitres. The average production and importation: combined for each of the five years was 533,083,064' hectolitres, while the average consumption and expor-1 tationcombinedforeach of the five years was 472,252,985 i hectolitres. It is not to be supposed that these figures j are correct to a hectolitre; nevertheless, they are so far conclusive that they show that the production and importation of wheat in France during the last five years has laigely exceeded the consumption and expor- J tation. The result has been that while in 1861 the average price of wheat per hectolitre in France was 2tf. 55c, it declined in 1862 to 23£ 24c ; in 1863, to ISf. 78c ;in 1864, to 17t 58c; and in 1865, to ! 16f. 41c | English Boot and Hat Chops op 1865. —The ex- j cessive dryness of the early part of the summer of 1865 was very unfavorable to the production of forage crops of every kind, especially turnips and grass, and the more particularly the first crops of the latter, which in some cases on the light soils were scarcely worth mowing. The deficiency of hay was further aggravated by the necessity that existed of feeding off the pastures intended for mowing, on account of the shortness of grass on the regular feeding ground. The consequence was, the first crops of hay were, with very few excep tio&B;, miserably deficient throughout the country, although they were of excellent quality, and well harvested. Fortunately, the rains in July and later still in the season produced an abundance of after-grass, and the second, and in some cases third mowing, made some amends for the de ficiency, besides affording a plentiful supply for grazing purposes. With regard to the turnip crops on the light lands, first, second, and third sowings proved equally abortive, and on such soils we find deficiencies recorded of from one-fourth to nil, or com plete failure. Still, on the good soils and in those districts less affected by the drought, the plant held out till the rain fell in July, which saved it to a certain extent, and we consequently find in some of the coun ties reports as favorable of this crop as in any ordinary season. Snch cases, however, are not numerous, and the turnip crop at best will show a great deficiency in the aggregate. With regard to the mangoldwurtzel, the case is an extraordinary one, for, so far from being affected by the drought, this crop is perhaps the heaviest in weight and best in qnality grown for many years, while in some instances it will even make amends for the deficiency of the turnip. The potato crop pre sents an unfavorable aspect—not in point of acreage yield, for this is probably a full average, if not more; out in regard to the extent of the disease, which ap pears to have destroyed a large proportion of the tubers, amounting in some cases to half the produce or more. Still, as the disease does not appear to have progressed after the tubers were stored, we trust there will be au ample supply throughout the season. There is one feature in the case of the forage o?op, which, although it does not fall immediately within the province of this paper, ire cannot help noticing. We fearihatfromthe' destructive prevalence of the cattle plague die forage crops in some districts will be so farfrornprovingiiisuffi cient, that the difficulty will be, not to find forage for the cattle, but cattle for the forage. In some parts this anomalous condition of tilings is a more serious consi deration than it at first appeals, as it involves a treble loss—first, the intrinsic value of the beast in its lean state; second, the profit upon its winter-grazing; and third, the loss of the manure. The first and second ace irretrievable losses; the third, where the crop cannot be consumed on the farm, may be supplemented by chopping up the roots and burying them with the plough. This, we admit, is a pis oiler ; but in many cases it has been adopted in former years with the best effects to the following crops. — Mark Lane Express. The Spanish-Chilian Was.—A. Chujah Cruiser. —The Daily Evening Bulletin of the 30th Hatch learns from private sources likely to be thoroughly informed, that a formidable Chilian cruiser is now on her way from Rnglanil to the Pacific coast, where we may reasonably expect to hear of her within a few weeks malrfng gad havoc with the Spanish fleet. This vessel, called the Henriette, steamed out of the Thames early in February, bound for Chili, via the Azores and Mon tevideo. On the Bth February she was in port on the coast of France, having pnt in to await the abatement of prevailing heavy gales from the north-west. As she was all ready to proceed on her voyage as soon as fair weather would permit, our news of her cannot probably reach the south coast before the Spanish fleet have had occasion to know all about her. Our information is that the Henriette had an ample armament stored away in her hold, and abundant stores of ammunition —quantities of die latter having been shipped as iron castings. On deck she carries three torpedo boats, -understood to be similar to the one in which Lieut. Cushing destroyed the rebel ram in Albemarle Sound. Ex-Lieut. Hunter Davieson, of the United States navy, subsequently in the rebel service, is on board the steamer, and expected to command her. With the exception of a single faigtMi officer, lately in the South, and once in the British navy, aU her officers are men who served the late rebellion. They report their new ship as very fast —finimmg that in ordinary weather and trim she can steam 17 knots an hour. On arriving in Chilian waters she is to be re-christened the Cochrane, and her chief mission is that of l^iafag die blockade. A fine Spanish frigate sailed for Chili, via Montevideo, not long since. The Cochrane is expected to sink everything she meets flying the Spanish flag en route to Montevideo; and at the latter port she will look ont for the frigate aforesaid, with a view to expe riment upon her with one of the torpedo boats. The Cochrane is partially iron-plated, and. if her speed and armament are nearly equal to the claim in her behalf, Spain has nothing on the Pacific which can cope with her. It seems probable, therefore, that the blockade of the Chilian ports wiQ soon be at an end. Theoet of Land Drainage. — A plant, though spreading its roots to a certain distance all around it in the soil, is stationary, and must have its food brought to it. That is the first main fact on which the need dependsforacnixentofwaterihroughthelaiid. "Water, a powerful solvent, brings substances out of the air, which the plant requires as food, and these substances increase its power as a solvent of other matters in the soil, which the plant also needs as food. Moreover, water brings from the air materials of use in the soil in manufacturing food for the use of plants. On all these grounds, then, it is of importance that water should go through die soil after going through the air. It becomes laden with vegetable food by passing through the air, and it becomes still more laden with vegetable food by passing through the soil, tall, when travelling the soil, it passes stationary roots and enters them, and feeds the plants to which they belong. And there are special reasons why rain-water should be induced to pass through the soil rather than lie stagnant on it. In tile latter case it is not only use less to the plant, bnt it is directly mischievous. By evaporation it cools the surface, whereas by percolation through the land it carries the warmer temperature of the surface into the subsoil; and of what value this is to the growth of crops may be gathered from the ex perience of the last autumn, which has been so produc tive of growth in our pastures to so unusually late a season—not so much from the increased temperature of the air during November and December, which has been only about 2? or 3? above the average of the last thirty years, as from the increased tem perature of the soil and subsoil at one or two feet deep, which has been 5? and 6? above the average of the past thirteen years, during which observations have been made near London. And not only is it of importance that rain, by passing through the land, should carry the temperature of the surface, warmed by the direct rays of the sun, downwards, rather than, by evaporating from the surface, it should carry the heat away and cool the soil ; but the percolation rather t-jiMitfii>Mf-.ftgnfltiAnrtfl^p^TM: '*r' Hdpirirfthlft l b*Mqfflgftiflthe one case air is made to permeate the land, in the other it iB excluded. The chemical changes which air pro duces on and in the soil are desirable, and result in the preparation of useful food for plants; while by its ex clusion, substances of a poisonous nature, especially where iron and vegetable matter exist together in the soil, are formed. —Morton's Farmer? Calendar. Watebcbess.—There are some few plants that may be termed citizens of the world. Go where we will we meet with them. The common watercress is one of these cosmopolitan plants, not quite so widely diffused as some others, but still to be found almost every where throughout Europe, in Southern Asia, in America, in Brazil, in Chili, in India. A pretty wide range that, and we might extend the list of countries wherein collectors have rejoiced to light Upon SO familiar a Ac-nir^n of OUT home dltirh"" But our object is not bo much to illustrate a fact in botanial geography, as to justify that craving for salad and green food which is of so general an occurrence a-mAng us, especially in Spring time. M. Chatin, in a communication laid before the Botanical Congress at Amsterdam last year, and more fully in a recently published little volume, gives us good reasons for our longings, at least in the matter of watercress. In this humble weed we have a veritable medicine-chest, whose con tents have the additional merit of being palatable. See the composition of the plants as analysed by M. Chatin. Here is the sapit oil which all the Crucifers have in greaterorless degree, but mingledin this case with sulphur and nitrogen, such as one meets with in the onions. So far than we have a combination of the ingredients of the notoriously wholesome Crucifers, with the equally health- given properties of the A ilium tribe. Next a bitter extract—not so bitter as to be unpleasant, but only sufficient to act as a gentle, pleasant tonic Then, in notable quantities, are ironand iodine—nomore nauseous draughts of chalybeate waters—no more inky mouthfuls of the syrup of iodide of iron ? Have we not in the water cress the iodide of iron already prepared for as in an agreeable form in Nature's laboratory f No wonder, then, that by natural intuition we have found out thai the watercress is an excellent anti- scorbutic. We thank M. Chatin heartily for supporting by scientific demonstration the conclusions at which we had arrived bv inclination and experience. Oddly enough, M. Chatin's attention was first drawn to the subject by a quotation in the " Vegetable Kingdom," wherein the presence of iodine in watercress is alluded to. This furnished the germ of the work before us, wherein in addition to tile chemical details to which we have alluded, the reader will find a sketch of the botanical history of die plant, much infor mation as to the best methods of culture to be adopted so as to secure the most savory product, and many other particulars that cannot fail to interest not only those who have a " running brook," not too deep or muddy, but sufficiently charged with iron and its constant companion iodine, in which die plant may be made to flourish, but also those less fortunate individuals who have to depend upon London gamins of either sex for a supply of " Cre-tses.'" The com mercial importance of the culture cannot be slight, inas much as it is calculated that the average daily supply to Paris of Watercress amounts to 2,000 dozen bunches, filling eight to ten small carts, and repre senting amoney-value of 4,000 francs, or £160 sterling ! Wiltshire woke up one morning (says a Dorsetshire paper) and found itself famous. Two of its represen tatives, one for Calne and the other for Salisbury, have occasioned more jokes and indignation than all die other members put together. They are both from Aus tralia, and evidently entertain a most unfavorable opinion of die working men in England, looking upon them as little better than convicts. It has been jocosely circulated in Wilts that one represented Botany Bay and die other Norfolk Island, in an Australian parlia ment, and that when there is a redistribution of seats one will be M.P. for Portland and die other for Dart moor. They may then, it is said, denounce one another's constituency to their heart's content. They will never be suffered to represent any part of Wiltshire again. Population of odr Chief Towns.—The Rcgistrar- General makes the following estimate of the population of thirteen of our great towns, in the middle of the year 1866:—London, 3,067,536; Liverpool, 484,337; Manchester, 358,855; Salford, 112,904; Birmingham, 335,198; Leeds, 228,187 ; Sheffield, 218,257 ; Bristol, 163,680; Newcastle-on-Tyne, 122,227; Hull, 105,233. The estimate for Edinburgh is 175,128; for Glasgow, 432,265; for Dublin, die city and some suburbs, 318,437. Law of Mabriage in Massachusetts.—At Wey wouth, in Massachusetts, Bliss Olympia Brown is a regularly ordained and settled minister over one of the Puritan [churches. The question has arisen whether she can legally unite a couple in marriage, and die Judiciary Committee of die Massachusetts Legislature have decided that she can. Sir Richard Jebb being called to see a patient who fancied himself very ill, told him ingenuously what he thought, and declined prescribing for him. " Now you are here," said die patient, " I shall be obliged to you, Sir Richard, if you will tell me how I must live; what I may eat, and what I may not." "My directions as to that point," replied Sir Biehard, " will be few and simple ! You must not eat die poker, shovel, or tongs, for they are hard of digestion; nor the bellows, because j they are windy ; but eat anything else you please !" THE WEE PAIR O' SHOON. BY JAMES SMITH. O lay them canny doon, Jamie, An' tak' them frae my sicht — They mind me o' her sweet wee face, An' sparklin' e'e sae bricht. O lay them saftly doon beside The lock o' silken hair; For the darlin' o' thy heart an' mine Will never wear them mair! But oh! ye canna hide, Jamie, The voice that lisped yer name; An' the wee bit hands sae aft held oot Wi' joy when ye cam' hame! Ye canna tak' awa the smile That shone like simmer morn ; An' the rosy mou' that socht a kiss, When ye were weary worn! The eastlin' wind blaws cauld, Jamie— The snaw 's on hill an' plain— The flowers that deckt my lammie's grave Are faded noo, an' gane ! O dinna speak! I ken she dwells In yon fair land aboon.; But sair 's the sicht that blin's my e'e— That wee wee pair o' shoon 