LOCAL AND COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. VlSIT TO THE PAPER COMPANY'S WORKS.-On Mon day a visit ol' iii«pod ion to tho Papor Company's Works at Liverpool was paid bya number of gentlemen whuloft Sydnoy by a special train otlOit.iD , und on arrival at Par rumattawere joined by the Minister for Works, Mr lljrnej. At Liverpool several other gentlemen joined tho party' among whom wcro tho following gentlemen :-Mr Pij! ' diugton, M.L.A., Mr Luca*, M.L.A., Mr Tunks, M.L.A. Mr Maophorson, M.L.A., Mr R-to, Commissioner (ot .Railways, tho Rov.- Mr Priddle, tho Rov. Mr Hodgon Captain "Vino Hull, Captain Eldred, Captain Raymond,' Lieutenant Sadleir, Mr Bur noll, Chairman of tin' floard of Directors, Mr Hunt, Mr Barlow, and tho Manager of the . Company, Mr Ronald. The party inspectod the whole of tho works, and expressed their ostouisltuiont at their magnitude. ' Several of tho visitors stated that they had no idea thnt the buildings wero so large. It ia un- necessary to give a description of thoo buildings, as s very full account of thom recently appeared . but wo may stato, with tho viow of gitiug some idcaof their exton t, that 700,000 bricks ha va already been usodin thair construction, and a furtbor 500,000 will bo required before they can bo uoinplctod. Tho company's engineer, Mr'Bryeo, who came out from England to sup- erintend tho erection of tho machinery, having packed it prior to bis departure for this colony, and Mr Sadlior, the '. clerk of works, explainud to - the ' party the varioua parts ,of| tho machinery together with thoir usos. Tho visitors expressed their surprise at tho large stock of raw material-to the value of £1100-already accumulated. Having inspects! the works, tho party retired to the rosidonce of tho mana- ger, Mr Ronald, and sat down to an exoollont luncheon. After discussing the viands and wines provided, several toasts wera proposed and responded to. " Success to tho undertaking1 was proposed by'Mr Byrnes, and in doini; so, ho took occasion to state that he had always tukoti a cfeop intorest in all colonial undertaking', ospecially'thoso for opening now manufactures, in which maohinery wes' intro- duced. Mr Burnell, tho chairman of tho Board of Direolors, suitably returned thanks. Mr Tunks, and Hr Macpherson also addressed tho company. The former, a shareholder, stated that )je must tats bia ruo to hims ;lf for not having paid moro attention lo tho progress of tilo works'. He orpresaod himself well pleated rr ¡th the onorgy. displayed by tho management, and ho intended to take cldublo the number of altares that ho now held. Ho hoped that the undertaking would bo supported; by tho fiublio generally. Tho speeinl train went down tho branch ino to the works for tho visit «rs, who euterod tho carriage and returned to Sydney, arriving at about thrco o'clock. SERIOUS OHAKG-E OP ATTEMPTED KXCORTIOS.-At tho Water Police Court, on Monday, Walter R. Young- husband, clerk, was charged with sending a threatening letter to Jacob Charles Collen, jeweller, 300, Goorgo street, with intent to extort money. Prosecutor deposed that prisoner was his son-in-law, sud that prisoner's wira lind separated from him recently. Ou the 1st instant prisoner delivered to him personally at his shop thu letter produced. The letter referred to ran as follows: "Sydney, Wednesday, lat August, 1-SG6. Mr J. C.' Cohen, Sir, I bog to acquaint you that I intotid Bonding »n order on jon next Monday for 60B, which I am in- debted for rent. In tho event of your not poying tho sumo (although owing ino very considerably more), for instance, £8 cash lent, £3 7s 6d brandy, £1 153 rum, &c;, eco., kc., I shall make Hydnoy too hot to hold you. I.writoyour daughter Julia by this post as to what I in- tend doing. (Signori.) AV. R. Younghusband." About au hour after the receipt of this letter prosecutor's daughter handed him tho following, which was addressed " Mrs Younghusband." " Sydney, Wednesday evening. By this.opportunity I have written to your father to pay Mrs Hulton, my landlady, tho sum of £3. In tho event of his not doing so, I shall make known what he at- tempted to do to you in boil eight yours ago. You had belter endeavor to keop a roof ovor my head, than havo tho attotnpted rapo of n child niado known lo M. it. Cobon ond other J.P.'s. (Signed) W. ti. Y. I wait till Saturday evening next for » roply." Tho prisoner was committed for trial at noxt Quarter Sessions. Sm Roo nit CHATÍDES TicnuonirB, BARONET.-Scrcral rumors have obtained currency as to the right of this gentleman to tho dignity to which ho lays claim. There rumors may bo traced to tho following paragraph, which appeared in tho Zondon Star of tho 31st May :-" Som'o few months back diod Sir Alfred Joseph Doughty Tich- borne, the last baronet of Tichborne, Hampshire, a young man of twenty- six, who had figured in Basirg hall-street before his deuth. By his wife, a yoma; daughter of tho late Lord Arundel of Wardour, lio left - no ohildren, and great wero tho local lamentations at tho extinction of un old Hampshire family, and tho transfer onco of the estates to that of Lord Dormer, as was understood ; for wore not tho Tichbornes in Hampshire boforo tho Conquest, at tho mouth of tho Itclion, whenoa their mimo "Do-Itchonbourno," or Tichborne? and wa; not n Sir John Tichborno high sheriffof the county,»ho on hearing of Q.úeen Elizabeth's death -posted to Wtn chestor and proclaimed James I-, who created him a baronet and knighted four of his sons ? It Booms now, however, that Sir Alfrod left his widow enciente, and tho son, whoso birth was announced yestorday morning tt Foncoto Hall, in Yorkshiro, is now twollth baronet of Tichborne." A roforonco to IBttrko's Peorogo sots tho question nt rest, in favor of Sir Hogor. Wo thoro fintl that Roger Charles was tho eldest son of tho lata Sir .James Francis Doughty Tichborno,Bart., boru 5th Jan- uary, 18291 and that his younger brother, Alfred joseph, tho gentleman recently deceased (ulludcd to in tho fore- going paragraph), and who enjoyed tho title nnd estates on sufferance only, was born on the4th Septotnbo , 1839. Wo oongrntulute Sir Roger, and wish him and Lady Tichborne a pleasant voyage to tho old country. TADXELAUD AND TlJtBAttEA QotD FIKUIS.-In tho Legislative Assembly on Thursday (at tho request of Mr Pickering, to whom leave of absence on account of illnoss has been grunted , till tho 2nd Soptember), Mr Buchanan presented a petition from 154 gold min- ers and others, resident on the Tableland and Timbarra gold Co ds, setting forth tho disadvantages likely to arise frort tho proposed , abolition of tho . oHlcs of Gold Coromissijnor to .the said gold fields ; and praying.that the mutter may bo reconsidered' beforo the removal of suoh officer,-or that, if his retention bo impossible, nomo provision moy bo mado by which pro- perly qualified presidents- may legally carry out the then existing Gold Fio)ds Regulations,-and that, in tho event of a Local Board of. Mnnngocaont hoing established, tho decision of such board may bo subjeet to a further up* peal to tho District Commissioner. The petition was re- ceived, and ordered to bo printed. THE CONVICT BERTRAND.-The mail now due is expected to bring out the decision of the Privy Council, in respect to this prisoner. From the time of the appeal being sent home, Bertrand has enjoyed all the immunities of an untried prisonor ; and has conducted himself with a levity very much to be deprecated in a man so seriously situated. He laughs to scorn the idea of the judgment of the Privy Counoil being adverse to him, and boasts of the exploits he will perform on his liberation. It is sincerely to be hoped that he will find himself mistaken in his hopes of a speedy discharge, and that the com munity will be spared the restoration of so notorious and self-confessed a scoundrel to liberty. BUSHRANGING EXPLOIT EXTRAORRDINARY. - The Braidwood Dispatch of a late date informs its readers and tho public , that when the mail journeying between Bon and Queanbeynn was stuck up, an unusually plucky passenger, drew his revolver, resolving to do battle, and offered to fight the Bushrangers, but not being seconded by any of his fellow travellers, he alighted on terra firma, and retreating in front of the horses, took aim at the knights of the road. Unfortunately his six shooter missed fire; consequently no execution was done in the way of saving the hangman from his duty, and the robbers were neither in the least injured, nor very much frightened. Thus at the mercy of the foe, this bellicose individual after a little persuasion from his more peaceful com panions, consented to surrender his faithless revolver to Iiis enemies; doubtless thinking it better to "live and fight another day," I' SüioiDB-A Gorman tiatnoil Henry Balfloldconunittot I suicido, by, shooting himself in tlio hoad, with a pistol, ox I Saturday night Inst, whilst in bed,-at tho Homburg Hotol I King-street. This shocking oaourronco, it is supposed I was not diseovored until sómo timo aftor tho aommilta I of tho deed ; but -immediately it was, Hr .Egan wa I sent for; however,upon his arrival tko unfortunate mai I had beon dead eomo tiino. Next'- morning tho Cit I Coronar, held an inquiry on tho body, and after hcariii| I , # tho evidence of several persons, who had scan decoasod I before and after tho fatal event, tho jury returned i I vordict that,-"Deceased, aged abo ut-IO years, committee I siiioide, on or. about tho 5th instant,' by shooting himself I whilst laboring under a . fit of tom ppr»ry insanity. A I papjr was'found in ono of deceased's pockets, discharg I ing him from further .servico in tho corps pf Tarunik I Military Settlors. I WEECES BELIEF FÜITD.-At a mooting of tho conorn I committee af the above fluid, held at tho Town Uoll, rn I Wednesday afternoon, his Worship the Mayor in th I o'iair, itwasi-esolvedfor thosakaofeconomy, that advertise I mcnts should bo rostricted.to tho two.duily papers. Ai I wo most cordially sympathise with tho movómenr, and I with ah earnest desire to aid in'BO chai- ifablo a oinse, wt I litivo milch pleasure in publishing tho advertisement* I gratuitously in oiir,;prosrnt issue. Tho treasurer, Mi I Joseph Thompson, iv- portod. that tho sum in hand wa> I £1372 2s Sd, and;that other promised subscriptions hit I not yetbeon received., tr'.','- i I liiE iNSPEoroit GENERAL OV ? PottOB.-1-We very I sincorelv regret to stuto that Captain MeLorio, hos (lui-itif I tho last few days, boen suffering severoly from an attacl I of bronchitis, whioh has occasioned considerably anxiety I to his family, and friends. On enquiry, yosterday, wo won I gratified to learn that; a decided improvement had takon I place, which wo trust may spoodily ripen into tho con ? vttlescóiico of tho gallant captain: . - ;. i B BEEK Aio CoFFKE.-f-Two individuals, one boaring I tho potent sounding cognomen of Boor, tho otlier a lady, I ' .rejoicing in a nomo tukon from a weaker beverage, thc I best sample of which is said to come-from tho Arabie 'S city of Mocha, appeared on Tuesday"beforo the magi's 1 trato presiding over tho Water Police Court; charged I with conducting themselves in an eccentric and peculiar I manner, on tho Queen's Wharf tho previous') day, and I thereby causing considerable annoyance at-this busy I placo of resort. Whether, they wero under tho mixed I iulluoiico of malt liquor and coffee is not said, but for I their innocont peccadilloes they' worb; Bout to purgatory I . for seven days. j 1 THU STOCKS EEDIVIVTJ8.--We wore of opipion that a tho venerated and venerable, institut ion of the stocks, us 1 a puuishment for oflWidors,-had; lpng' sinco become on I ' obsulolo institution. However, wo read from tho Mail I ' lani Mercury, bf tho'4th inst.," that this highly dclecta I ble and civilized mode of correction is in full-force at East I Maitland.. At a recent'sitting of tho most worshipful I bench of magnates ruling ovor that favored ¡town, a I luckless individual, named William Bromine, was fined I 5s and costs, and in defuult'óf payment, was ordored to 1 bo placed in tho stocks for two hours. '.Tho 'culprit's I heinous ofl'ance was doing a 'little ornamental, painting on I a OJach, upon tho Sabbath. Pro-di-giousllI ... j I Un.*ur's THE WoitD.-On.-tho.Speakor ehtoring tho I Legislative Assemb'y Chamber at ' precisoly 3 h 30 min, I p m. on Tu s lay,, thuro wo o but nineteen mombo.'s pre I snit. While tho Spanker was in tho act of counting tho I number bf honorable gcntlemon, Mr Do Salis entered ; I but the clock indicated, that ho was exactly ono minute I btmind'limo; and the. .Speaker, not recognising tho I honorable membbr's presence, announood that there wau I no quorum, uiid declared the Upuso adjourned to the I next day. . : , I AMENDE HONOHÀBLE.-By our issuo of tho 21st ult. 1 wo fini ourselves convicted of haring adopted a report fl of the "Third Day's Races ot Dubbo," and also of tho 1 "Race Ball," for which wo wero-in courtesy bound to 1 nekr.nwledga ourselves indebted to our contemporary. I In ad Hitting this oversight,' wo feel assured that dur con I tJJiporury will acquit us of any intentional offence. FOOTBALL. — A match was played on Saturday after- noon on the University ground, between the under- graduates and a team captained by Mr Campbell, and resulted in Mr Smyth kicking two goals for the Univer- sity, after the ball had been touched down on both occa- sions by Mr G. H. Gordon. Messres O'Meara, J. Purves, and Sullivan distinguished themselves on the Under- graduates' side, while Messres Forbes, Lennon, Hind, and Josephson (the latter of whom won a chance of kicking a goal by touching down the ball behind) worked hard for the losing side. Mr Calvert ably officiated as umpire. Another match is expected to come off this afternoon. I KBEK SPOUTSMKN.-A scries of Freneh prints vcpresont I thu adventures und mischances ol' Parisian sportsmen, I ONO of whom, after exhausting his ammunition to lio pur 1 poso tnkes his dog into his lup, und kills tho fleas? which I Í.IIOKI tho animal.- "It won't do to go homo witlu-U' I killing tomething," is his consolatory remark as hoeriicks I lim liens with his fingers. In another caricature a pc-asunt I approaches the hunter and tells htm u largo hare inhabits «I a neighboring copse, to which he points with his finger. !? "I know it," suys tho hunter, "I've boen shooting at I him for tho Inst four years." , I KxTitAOttDiNAity YIELD OP GOLD.-A telegram from I Orange, dated Tuesduy, states that at tho Batik of New I S mt h Wnles therowero two thousand h>ohundred ounces I nftold, which hud been takon from seven loads of wash I dirt, from Spicer'a United Minors Claim, Wentworth. I Tin's ¡B the greatest yield yet for tho amount of dirt. I Va rrixa Uiu TO TUE TEST !-At a public mooting the I uth >r day a person of high position mado a speech upon I iiigjor wrongs, and declared that ho would accept uny I ma i ns his bosom-friend, whatovcr his colour might bo so I lo ii ns Iiis heart was sincero. A black man who was prc I s -it, who is on'intelligent persou, and forms un oxtraor I iiinary exccption-to tho natural ignorance of tho coloured I races gonorally, next rosennd applauded tho last apeaker I /'or the sentiments which ho had uttored, but foarea they ? »uro those of tho lips and not of tho hoart. "No, no," I was tho responso of tho gentleman. " Well," said tho I durkio, "I will tost you Suppose you were'giving o, diu I ncr party to yournoblofrie.nds, would you invito mo ?" ' 1 I would if I hud tho opportunity," roturiied our friend. I " Would you allow" mo" to Bloop in your houser"'; " I I would." "But," continued darkie, " suppose I hadji fl good and snfllciont income to maintain myself in your I Rphero of life, and I liad boen smitten with the charms of I your daughter, who, after lengthened persuasion, I had I induced to accept my hand, would you consent to my I marriage with her ?" This was a homo-thrust; thbgontle M m in hud daughters ; ho began to wonder whothor it was a I plot, and looking wildly at tho speaker exclaimed em ? phatically, "No, I'm hanged if I would! The members of tho room all laughed, and.darkie oontinued,- ','Now, . ont of your own words, I have proved the fulsity of your assumed sentiment." v" ' ""_ , ., . ! A MODEST J.P.-You will not perhaps credit it when I tell you that ono of bur local magistrates had a num- ber of cases in tho last court of requests,- Queanbeyan, ono nf which was against a tradesman bf the place. The c dm having been disputed, somo very angry feeling was s 'own on both sidos, and o verdict was given for a pov t -ii pf tho amount claimed.* Tho samo defendant waa a ted by another person, when tho very J.P. who the moment before was ori 'the floor bf tho. court, sparring ? away, now mounted tho .bench, and positively sat in judg- ment upon tho wan with whom a fow'minutea previously lie had been_ quarrelling. Twenty; yo.Krs' rigo, if ono of i oin-magistrates noted in. such on unbecoming mànnor, it might havo been-handed down to gonerationslyet un- born us (omothing nwful/bnt'in our dnya.suuh conduct i*of litllö or no inbinonl.-Correspondent Goulburn and Yass Argus. - 'î' -v, .. . s' '':.'. Î. ..; T BETTEK TITAN :LAW.--Mnrongo, -?.July/ai.l Yestorday our bush monotony-, wiis a.little roléivcd by« slight frncas that nccurrod between a squatter, travelling with feliopp, tind a sturdy froo soloetoi-. Ono of tlip shepherds bf tho f furntor, who ,is a 'slond^n'p-nonsonsb.'sort. of gentleman, residing not quito n hundred miles from Willeroo, Collec- tor, having nllowed'the-wing'of onb'ubck to enqrbqob up- on tho free selector's pro;oihptiyo.right, he,' 'the selector, sent his cattle dog among thom, and thou suddenly rush- ed upon the sheepownor, nnd dragged him: by tho cont from his llorac. However; tho squattor .rebve'red his ¿ins in » t« inkling, and,,in do|"iblc,-qúick timo, gnvohin adversary e-iimtdcrnhly moro'than-bue - for -his - hob,. 'wln'fch his opponent responded to' by an affectionate hug.: [After this pleas'aiit, giimoiof>ougU ñnd..liimble badi oontinued for suma time,^ tho1 combatants,-finding thcmBolvos, in a physical sonso, well- iiiutchod, carno to a compromifo I -tho ono withdrawing his. idog, ' and tho .other''-his' ehenp. The lawyers will not got nny pickings but ol' this enBC, each party -bearing no molico, they ! being well sutisficd with tho John Bull kind of .quid pro quo given and rocoived.-Correspondent Tass Courier. "VKIIY Sev'JiiiE INDEED.-Chapman, a witty lawyor of Hartford, wnB busy with a case nt which a lady was pro M\t, with whom hohad already s'oinelhing to do os.a witness. Her husband was proBont-a ditmnutivc,imoak, firboarinc «ort of man, who, in tho inngunga.of MrjChap-' man, " looked Ii feb a.rooster just fished .-but"''of a swill barrel," while tho lady wos alargo portly womun, evi- dently tho bett er horse. As on tho former occasion site ;v ?JUlka I on tho et'ij.-w-esitiniiiiution, thu lawyer wusjpress mg a quoUiou urgently, when she said with vinuiutivo fire HBB'IÍIR from her eyes, "Mr Chupuiuu, you needn't t ñuk,.tu,intch me; you tried that ouco before." Ifulting oa us most quizzical expression, hu replied. .'Múdame, I haven't the slightest desire to. catch you, and 'your a isbimd look» as if ho was sorry hu'did." Tho husband laintly tin i led nsscut. ?' - i THE ROYAT» AXKAHBRA MUSIÓ HAIÍ¿.-Such ia tho dei t -ugnation cf, a music taloon, in oonnootion with the Cafe do . Paris iii'King-street, whioh the enterprising propriotor, Mr Phillips, announces, will bo thrown open to ,his patrons on Wednesday, ovoning next. A company of artistes of acknowledged talent have boon engaged, and their nightly programmes will bo found to comprise tho choicest sélections from tho most favorito composers, ¡IhO; Saloon,.which is 'being elegantly decorated, will alford td gbntlomon a grateful rotreut for relaxation ,after tho dutb'B of tho day. , ' ' .'. COUUTESX a-p' THE PEBSS.-At tlio Derby banqueta reporter was sitting directly botween 'Mr Disraeli, taking, him down in"a repdrting'sonso..'.ihç roportor .unluckily, mimed an important sentence) and somewhat) audibly . . oxprosscd his annoyance.. ( Mr.Disrabli, on tli¡3,;hoaitated¡ in true parliamentary stylo.'and vory qTiietly. repeated tho dropped sentenco, . ' Ho ,pnot but tho gr»to(ul.,reporler; knew why ho did so," This'wbok another reporter sent H hurried noto to tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer, asking for somo; information' ns tallis banquet speocli.,..;On ilia Thursday afirrnoôn tho fbrbnibst mau* in England-wolkod; into tho reporter's doh,'nnd.politoiy guvo the astonished gentleman of tho press what' lie required. Similar anec- dotes might bo: tnld,of Lord Stanley) und theyaro morely mentioned ns a Int to local great tuen who think it a part of th'eir role to snub tho'reporter, so frequently ? their: superior in tho sonso in which h)mon is judged'to bo pr not to bo a gentleman.-CourlJburnaf. "". csv.r TÜBNING xjiR TABIE'B.-'IVO Chinamen ut Sofala liavo, eonrjo to grief in attempting to bring iV'frdlow-cpuntryinan into trouble."'Tho cirisiunstahcös are these ..-A.ChinesOs storekeeper,, being moro successful with a "ladyo. fayre" than tho other coíestiuls,.a trow, ensiled at tho house.ofthe storokeopor, in'whioh tho " ludyo" appears to i hive: 'ro-> c jived tho allowance of moro kicks than halfpence., ::Iiot liking.the disturbance, tho storokeopor pushed tho-com-: b'atantsóÜt'of doors, with the) intention that they nii|{ht fight thero as long as Os they like;d-., ;' Enraged, at her! ill- treatment, tho fair deceiver next'day summoned, her. assailants and subpoouaed ^ho storekeeper as a witness,^ , whereupon tho two Cinnamon charged tho storekeeper with Bly grogsélling, and offered, tb prove their allegation! , if a courtabie were permitted togo -with'thom. This was ? assented to. ,cAnofficer.was dispatchod with ono of the, , follows, antl.it was a<;rebd that tho constable should .wait. . outside the store while tho ' Chinamen went in to buy » a buttlo of brandy, which ho said would cost 3» Cd. When tho grog Was served tb him ho was tb cough, and tho policeman was to como in.. Everything was dono' accord- ing to arrangement.. Tho Chinaman went into tho store and aflora little timo guvo tho signal, when tho Chinaman with a bottle of grog in his hand, and a shilling and a half-crown,, whioh ho had previously marked, lying on tho counter. Tho storekeeper took up .tho)- money ¿jand the policeman asked tho Chinaman where ho bought tho bottlo'ofgrog from,'when ho ropliod", ["from tito store- keeper." Tim latter doniod thb fact vehemently, anil said bo had only sold tito Chinaman a',, paokago of I opium. Hie placo was searched, but no mbre grog could be found, exoipt'orio'solitary b'ottlo, pr.eoisply similar to tho ono said te^havo boon just ''bought' by'thoí Chinaman, and this was found in a box atunding nt the end of tho counter, within roach of,any, ono, who might enter the store. The store-kcepor protested' his innoconco) and the Cliinamau as stoutly insisted that ho was guilty;'- Tho police, there- fore, curried tho-matter boforo tho magistrates'^ laying au information against-tho storokeopor for selling spirits without a license The latter at onco sent to Bathurst for M'lntosh, who proceeded to Sofala, and succeeded in uiiravolling tho mystery. 'By, skill 'in cross-^xamjn ation, tho two accusing Chinampn wore mudo to givo such contradictory statements that tho storekeeper was acquitted;'and thou) at the in-itauco of Mr M'lutosh, ho charged his countrymen with conspiracy. A ,witnoss proved that"ono bf thom had'pbrchasod from her tho two iridoatical Bottles of brandy,' uivl it appears that the other confodorato who wont with tho policoman to thu atora must have had them concealed underhisjumpor. Whontho policeman was left outside he ovtdontly- sbized thojonpor tunity, while the storekeeper's back was turned, to throw ono of tho bottles .into-tho-box. Wbon ho coughed ho took the othor out auld hold it in - his hand, placing tho money oh th'o oounter for tho opium which he nb doubt concealed or throw away OB tho-troopor entorcd. Tho cuso wus made so cloar, that tho Bench-committed the otuming rascals for trinl, aud thoy aro now in gaol, with loieuro to contemplate tho sad eftocts of feminine ' incon- stancy und their own villuhy.:-Sàtîiurst Times, August -4. MOCK BEVILS.-I must add two or throo short anco dotos about ghosts, got up in tho dcvil-manuer. They uro not now, but illustra to yory handsomely tho stoto of mind in which a ghost should bo met. Ono is, that somo ono undortook to scare Cuvior, the groat naturalisj;, with a ghost having an ox's head. Cuvior woke, and found the ff a rf ul thing glaring and grinning at his bedside. ',' Whet do yon want?" "To doybur you; growled theigliost. " Dovour mq?" quoth tho great Frenchman- "Hoofs, horns, graminivorous ! You "can't do it-clear out!" And he did clear out. A pious maiden lady, in ono of our Now England villages, was known to possess three peculiarities. First, sho was a very religious, honest, matter of factVoiuari. Sooond, sho supposed everybody cl«o was equally honest j hence sho was , very credulous always believing ovorytlung sho heard. And third, having " a coii3oioiico void of ofTonco," she saw no reason to be afraid of anything ; consequently sho feared nothing. On a dark night, somo boys, knowing that sho would bo re- turning homo alono from prayer-meeting through on un- frequented street, determined tötest two of her peculiar- ities-viz., her credulity and her courage. Ono of tho boys, wus sowed up in a hugo shaggy bearskin and as the old lady's feot wero heard pattering down the streot, ho throw himself dirostly in hor path"atid Commenced making a torriblo noise. " Moroy !" oxcluiraod tho old lady ; who aro you ?" "lam tho do»il was the rophyl " Well, you are a poor creature!" rospondod the"antiquated virgin, ns sho stopped asido and passed by tho strange animal, probably not for a moment doubting it was his Satanic Majesty, but certainly not dreaming of boiig afraid of him. It is said that a Yankoo tin pedlar, ? who had fra- il non tty cheated most of tho people in the vicinity of a Nrow linslaud villago through whioh he was passing, was induced by somo of tho'lieuto ones to join thain; in a drinking bout. Ho finally became stone drunk ; and in that condition thoso wags carried him ; to'a darb ¡rocky oavo near tho village, then, dressing -themselves in. row hoad-and-bloody-bonos stylos, nwnitod his return tb> con- sciousness. As ho began' rousing himself, they lighted somo hugo torchos, and-also set: Sro'tb'somo bundlos of straw and throo or four rolls of -brimstone, which : thoy Iliad placed in different parts of the oavorn. Tho pedlar rubbed his oyos and seoing and smalling all theso; evi- dences of Pandemonium; oonoludää ho'had died and was now partaking of his final doom.- But ho took it philos i Weaily, for he oomplubently remarked to'himsolf-" In hell just,asl expected !" A story is told of a cool old sea oaptuin, with a virago of a wife, who mot one of j thoso artificial devils in a lonely placo. As tho ghost obstructsd his path,, tho old follow renaarkod-" If you aro not the devil, got out! If you aro, cbmoolong with mo mid got supper. I, married your sistor." JJarnunion Humbug. DEATH OF ASKEPHBED rao» ' ANiSTAn Poisbir. Shephords and bushmen generally cannot bo too cautious in handling sheep, or indeed anything that sheop'may liavo been in oontnot-with) if tho skin, ''particularly of their hands,, which" aro-roost exposed'to'dongor, is not perfectly sound and whole) "and should alway a muke a point of woU washing their hands -boforo touching any portion of-tho'body ¿whoreithe skin* may'be in ever so slight, a; dogroo broken;- .Tho'smallest cut or abrasion may bo tho.ohannol-through .whioltj'a deadly virub may bo introduced into; the'system so powerful in its opera- tion ns ito baQlo. all tho efforts ' of medical soieiico to onintct1 and' overcome it; and bs "it-is,' wo beliovo, almost impossible to ascertain whore tho'seeds of ii may exist, it behoves all-parties, connected .with' pastoral pur- suits to bo oxtremoly careful not to oxposb thomsolvcs to needless''risks! - A fatal caao of this kind has recently happonod hero to a man, namod Stcphoa Carroll, wlio-hnd boon employed as a shepherd at Junco. Oil Saturday, ho wBs brought in to tho hospital from the obove ¡placo, ! a ring been--for a day or two previously; suffering from ari alarming looking eruption on tho breast. Thia^origi natod and spread from a single dork little pimple, which it is -believed tho unfortunate dooousod miiBtj havo scratched witlr his nail, and having broken the. skin, liavo thus conveyed to tho blood, tho poison with ¡which lu's fingers-must have boon.previously contaminated by fhohdling somo of the shoop, br their skins, or by touch ? ingj somo-portion-Of-tho i yards' whero skins had boen lying) or against which tho shoop had been rubbing. After tho.first sbronoss of 'the pimplo had manifested itself, the irritation round-tho spot spread very rapidly, and tho symptoms Boon became BO alarming, that it was deemed, ud rumble to nt oneo remove-the sufferer to tho hoBpituí. From that time ho grew rapidly worse, mid on tho following day expired s'-donth having boen evi- dently caused by. tho absorption of-animal poison into th« ey»*om.-^^<^«!'?l^o^fs''^^j4»*v;Vj? ' j : . WASIIIÍÍÓ;, SwEATEb**'HoÉ8E3;-A) c^frespondéiit of tho ZondonFie'd answers ran inquiry whether it isja safe practico to wash sweated horses irt'cpld water. He soys lie has adopted it) and! with-boDofioial riBsultB, both in summer and in wintor. ' ' After',"washing, tho animal should bo rubbed dry os far us practicable; and the Io« especially. Should tho.Iiiiir oil thiim bri too long to ad- mit of this being suflloioùtly : doiio,V.floiJ»ol' bandages should be put: on, mid a".woolton rug' thrown loosely over, hut without tho roller'.. ' In tho oourso of nn hour, ; thohorso will'bo tolerably dry, aud should thou havo another rub-down, and.b» olotbod in tho ordinary man nor. If horses wore treated in a moro rational manner than is often tho caso, with' pnro air and scrupuloxis oloanlinoss, disease would bo far less common. What is more refreshing to a man after a hard day's shooting, or other laborious oxercise, than a warm or cold bath j and I bol ¡oro it to ho oqually so to tho horse To tho :tirod..hunter,, a warm . foot-bath or fomentation, if tho animal is sufficiently quiet, is most refreshing. With gentle treatmeht, most horses can he used to almost any- thing.: Somo years ago I Twited tho royal stables at Buckingham Polaco. There, as I was informed-nnd ot Ibo. timo -niyaolf witnessed tho operation-evory horse, :summer and winter, waa washed from head to foot with .cold wator, after roturning from work, no uiattor whether it had boen out Oue,hour or six. A regular bath-honao,' i.çpld wotor.and plenty ofiii, two.mon after tho ablution' scraping; .scrubbing, ka ; 'a kind of wob cloth was r thrown, over to admit of evaporation, and tho horse woa .afterwards'rubbed down and clothed as usual in the course 3 of «ah.-hour., or two. Wo cannot all have such Jtppliancosj .but still.! consider tho plan rational and con- ducive to the health of tho horse, if -only ordinary caro is takmuT^r^r"'J*-r -- A.*Bp?CANCB {OVL TIT* .iAiiHUtCAH WAH.-A 'young woman, possessed-of a (Ino person and property,'' a .merobor,;;ofionoröf tlio- oldest and-most fashionable faradios . in .South-Carolina,' bocorlio engaged to a young man in,,ber own grade in lifo) who was st'major in the .rebel service, and was to marry lum nt tho termination .of. .tho war if -heisurvivcd.^'If ho did not,-;'sho-was- to romùin eyer true to her vows,- and. boing a Catholic, had promised' to enter a convent and bocomo only the bride of hoavcn.l.'riioy;woro & model pair of llovera,''and all who iknow*. them..-behoved * they ?WBroi;,tho'-emb'odimont of poetry, tenderness,- and -devotion'to caoU other, that they'; .wora.: what- bards hod 'sung and romaneos had described. ' ÍWiey,."^ero like two iblos'aoms on 'OHO-steam-n planet, iUnd.-hitsu.rav.v,¿- As ? .usually; happons;'' foto írqwnod pu kJheiril felicity, * and jealous.: of "-their ;i love,- ¡o\ib, the. rn a tori al cloud oftlie sentimental major's" beiiig at.'Fort Wagner. Eloisa was mad with griefoond "inconsolable for evermore. . : flor parents believed sho-'would upi and .could,not;live, and .tliat, if. she cid, she munt be bereft of reason. ..Months passed.- Oharlestou foll; i.Columbia wag: ,tliroatujied. ..,.Eloisa remained.«i.-Shewas'amxipusto ¡bo slain by the barbarians 'who had murdered hor,lover. The -tToion - forces -arrived," but;had- Bomothing . else to do than kill women, and Eloisa survived in spite'of her- self. She heard tho regiment was in towrfthat had charged upon the battalion led by herbç8tbelovcd,andsho resolved to soo the colonel and denounco him as the slayer of her prince.' and 'peace.- Eloisa" saw him, and had., a tremendous scone. . Tho colonel was handsome and gal-, laut ; and when the fair girl thundered.'os all hor'sox do. . at first, and then rained, ho was touched and interested in tho unknown woman.' Ho comforted and consoled hor, - realising tho trulh of tho idea that'tho heart is never so susceptible to a now attaohmont au whori-it is recovering . from -an old one. Tn foiir. weeks' she had learned tb ¡lovo the Yankeo savage, and expressed her willingness)to- bp his, wlulo ho was resigned, as moat roon are, to bo'Âvor*-, shipped by her if she wera bonton any such folly. T They. were married, in spite of the threatened -'anathemas bf all , hor.relátives aud friends, and ¿re now in Europe.--Charie-^ ; sion Litter. ' .> '., ') , . ) ." Kos-cOMPBKBSiBii.lTr: ov WATKU -ït is ofton'no'oés sary, boforo remelting cast iron) to f educo large masses bf . it to piocos. This, by tho mothod ordinarily used, is'Vpth . troublesome. : arid difficult. 'Ilia Scientific Reoièto]ia.jB : -A. simple -and h'ngoniout mo'do^óf producing tho. re- quired fracturo, has been'rocently^UsodT in FrahceV .It consists in drilling a'bolo in tho mais of Cast iron, for about ono-third of its thickness, and filling the hole with , water, thou closing' it with á'stéol' plu*,-* which fits^'yery ; accurately, and lotting tho lani of . a pilu-drivor fall on tho . plug.. ; Tho. first-blow'-separates' tho cast iron into, twp pioccs. i .1 