CHARADES AND ENIGMAS. No. 67. O'er distant hills the rising moon The evening mist dispersed ; And beaming radiant from her throne, She plainly showed mj first. A horseman, now seen by ber light, Approached with headlong speed; And, as he passed, my second sold, To urge his foaming steed. r ur nis iauj -iuve buu waiiea, Though the trysting hour was post. My 1 whole she waa, in truth, because fie was my third and (asi. No. 68. My lord the king is ill on his bed, And racked and tern with pain is he ; ? rroni the eele of his foot to the top of bis head. His arms and his legs feel as hca-7 as lead, And be mutters 'I wish I was better or dead, I wish to be blistered, I want to be bled, Ho1, send for my Medicos both,' he said, ' Or 1 dead as a herring shall be.' As the spider crouching in his gloomy lair, In some dark corner patiently docs he; ttcmorsoleee, bloody, never known to spare, He waits the coming of tbe victim fly. His web is shaken ; with how small delay, One moments waits then pounces on his prey ! As when on eagle, poised with noiseless wing, Beholds his quarry on the plain below, 1 Some gentle fawn, whose restless, anxious air. Proclaims he's wandered from, the parent doe — Poor fawn ! thy fate is sealed, thy foe swoops through tke iky— Vain is that bounding leap, ah ! yain that piteous cry. 'Willi eager haste deleted on his facc Each doctor makes some direful preparation : A king, not being an ordinary 'case,' Requires no ordinary application. Each sallied out. Then soon began the racc ; The ' quick step ' shortly changed into a run, \Vho to be first each went his fastest pace, j But beth arrived at once, so neither won. | Pity the sorrows of n poor sick man, j Whose ills have brought two doctors to his door I (When fell Disease appears with aspect wan, 1 One doctor's bad enough, but two's an awful bore}. ] With such an air that made the boldest quake, j They fell upon the king with tooth and nail ; ! Soon was he blistered, bled, then had to take - Unnumbered nostrums never known to fail. ] Yet, strange to say, the king no better grew; i The doctorB, nonplussed, knew not what to do, j Whether to advance or retreat. I His highness was getting as thin as a post; j Be solemnly thought he would give up the ghost. Because he had nothing to eat. ; There never was a crisis, so at least *116 said ] In every book of hist'ry I have read, When no one could tell what to do, But a leader would rise to protect them from harm — Vox instance, 11 the pilot who weathered the storm So in this case the adage held true. His liege's cook, a grave and learned man (That is to 6ay, in culinarv lore, Deep in the mysteries of dish and pan) At this time a thoughtful aspect wore. Deep sunk in his reflections, deeper in bis chair. Upon his master's plight he pondered o'er ; He brought his whole colossal mind to bear Upon the knotty point, the king to core. A smile, at length, o'er hiB face there stole; He chuckled, and rubbing his bands with glee, UI have it! I'll make him a dish!' saidbe; ' pooh, pooh ! the doctors ! pooh, fiddle-dt-deel They're not, both together, half as clever as me : ^ For though they've worked hard, yet I'll earn their fee, For I'll warrant my physic vaj first shall be. If my second ie done by my tvholc,' No. 69. ^ , I was sitting idly in my study, before a blazing fire, about ia hour before dinner, when, according to my physician s directions, I rang the bell and ordered my tonic (I ). ' Yes sir, answer©! my old and very valued servant, who had been my ceuarman izj for years; 'how do you find yourself, sir?' ' } err weu, i thank you, John,' replied I ; 'except for a slight pain in my brow (3), 1 was never better.' 'I'm glftd of it, sir, aj answered, 'for Dick is very anxious to koow when /£u to resume the chosc (4).' 'Next week, I hope, said I. aaai. hope my old-fashioned body (6) is ready for me to wear. Aft cy, sir,' replied John, ' but 'tis looking terribly whipsh»bUcK (B) at tbe seams.' 41 Never mind, John,' said I, ' M SS Ola friend. And what's Hannah got for nsv uinntvl' ' She hu got a leir of roung mutton (7), sir,' nc replied, 'Tnenteu ntr to cook Vin Ho: ~:!cr -4' said I; forget that I like a slice of dried Bfilt pork (9) is above all things let her be quick (10) about it. Just mention ber, by the way, that the shrimp sauce yesterday husky (11).' 'Yes, sir,' answered faithful John, cl04®1J^,_tlit door. '* And, now,' enid I, poking the cheery fire, Vr , envy even Tio Nono (12) himself, with such o dinner awaiting nie, u cozy chair, a good fire, and twelve good authors wawa have ulrtudy mentioned to keep me company*' No. 70. We dwell wherever man is seen, and twins by birth arc we; And wondrous ore the works we've done on curia annonui Without us ne'er was city built, nor ship that ploughs the main* Nor ever dug the teeming mine, nor reaped the golden grain. When angry nations rush to war the arbiters we're maae; Impartial, we alike extend to either side our aid. „,-mnr When lovers meet, at eve to walk, in the pleasant summ We're nfBh?and lend our aid to bring their hearts mora clow together, Aiiou wc float aloft in air, anon on chariots ride ; The postman bears us in his bag, the bandit at hi6 side. We dwell alike with good ond bad, with humble and w«n ffrw f Wc hack and hew, arc hacked and hewed, and quartered— c fate I , . A coat wc have, but one, alas J that leaves us always bare. We've sometimes mouths, but never tongues, yet till wim b With nil those wondrous qualities, wc arc hut slaves at bret Condemned to do our owner's will, and work at his beaesi. 