MISANTROPHIC MUTTERINGS. j \- By our Bald Grumbler. No. 13. " Be sure you write me down an ass." — Shalispcrc. Dear Punch, . You're a nice young man, aren't you? a remarkably nice young- man, I don't think ! And a nice mistake you've made, havn't you ? and the Umpire has snubbed you for it, hasnt it ? Of course it has, and very right too, for the Empire never made any mistake in its life, except the trifling one of ever being -published at all. Any one taking up that lively, fascinating, veracious, and consistent sheet must be fully aware that not even the ghost of an error is allowed to creep into its columns, either mental or mechanical. Therefore, how can you be surprised that, if you are found trapping, they should be "down" upon yon like a hammer ? Of course nobody but .yourself ever made such a slip of the pen at the commencement of a new year as you did in tho title of your last cartoon, and put down 1 860, when it was 18G6 that tho particular ass-ignation alluded to took place. " A Constant Reader" in that charming journal wants to know whether, as Mr. 'Smart and Mr. Samuel were Mr. CowrER's only treasurers in 1865, either of them is meant as the " Ass." That term would be more appropriately bestowed 011 anybody who could ask such a question, and both the experienced gentlemen referred to must be perfectly aware that neither of them was intended. However, notwithstanding the lapsus pernios, the satire is not altogether point less, even as regards 1865, for after Mr. Samuel's resignation, Mr, 'Cowper was his own treasurer, and surely ho had a perfect right to do what he liked with his own ? If, after exonerating Mr. Smart and Mr. Samuel from the imputation, "Constant Reader '' is still anxious J to know who the ass is, let him form his own conclusions, and if the cap fits— let him wear it ! However that's nothing to do with you, Mr. Punch. Let this be a lesson to you to " go into figures " more carefully for the future, or you will run the risk of being as bad as a Colonial Treasurer, if possible. Remember that you have but few real friends ; you are too candid- straightforward, and independent to gain many in this glorious land of " Mammon and Gammon," and the slightest mote on your fair surface, nay even a " turned letter " or a misplaced comma is imme diately converted into a monster beam in the eyes of your petty and malevolent detractors, who are jealous of your success and envious of your fair fame among those, whose names are " great in mouths of wisest censure." Let it not be again said that Uunchum est err are , or expect a much more severe rating at tho hands of your PAID GRUMBLER. I should not have said so much if I was not solely responsible for the mistake. — Y. P. G. 