DISCIPLINE IN REFOEMATORY SCHOOLS. (From The Times, 1st November.) The practical working of the reformatory system has now been tested by several years' experience, nnd has justified, on tho whole, tho expectations of its founders. Opinions still differ ns to the proper subjects for a reformatory, the proper lime nf detention, nnd tho proper degree of discipline, but it i9 her illy denied that reformatories are generally mora successful than prisons in reclaiming juveuilo offenders. Every now nnd tlion, liowt ver, our confidence In their efficacy Is rudc y shaken by somo nwk- wnrd disclosure. Not very long ngo the hoys in one of theso model establishments broke out into open mutiny, made themselves masters of the place, nnd spread tenor over tho surrounding country. A ca-e ha? just come before the Lord Mayor, wbicii gives us a glimpse into the inter nal condition of another reformatory, nnd illus trates the inevitable difficulty of combining edu cation with punishment. A lad named John Fay, fourteen years of nge, gave him self up lost week to the police nt tho Bishopsgnte Stniion. He eonfcs«ed that lie had rim away from tbe Stoko Farm Reformatory iu Worcestershire, finding his sojourn there in tolerable ; that he had tramped up to London, nud tint he linil since tried iu vain to mib-isr by begging. On this charge he was brought before the Lord Mayor, und being questioned about his alleged motive for absconding, gavo a strange account of the life at Stoke Farm, where he llftd been for three years after a second 'convict ion. While he complained of the severity ef the disci pline, nnd pnrticulnrly of the food seived out to himself and his companions In winter, lie entered into n description if the way in which they cm- ploy their liberty of intercourse with each oilier. " Tito boys nil associated together, and told each other the partlculain of tbe burglaries, highway robberies, ond thefts they had severally com mitted, and how they had committed them, and he who had perpetrated the most daring offence and robbed the public to the largest extent was always coniidcrcd the cleverest in the Reforma tory, nnd lieloro ho left ho generally gave fall instructions ' ns to how the other bovs could lisst plunder their friends nnd neighbours when tliey came out." There are, of course, obvious traces of boyish exaggeration In tills statement, and Mr. 11 aiming, the resident muster, after wards denied wiiat Fay ndded, tlint nil the hoys slept together in one room. Still, there is nn equally palpable residuum of truth In the story, so fur cs it relates to the doylime. As Mr. Manning himself admitted, nothing hut separate confinement will effectually prevent boys in a reformatory talking among themselves during pluyhours, nnd if tbey do talk their conversation is almost euro to turn an their criminal exploits. We have no reason to suppose that less control is exercised at .Stoke Farm than at other similar in stitutions; indeed, If Fay is to be believed, the code of discipline there is somewhat Draconian in its nature. What goes on at this reforma tory doubtless goes on, more or less, in nil re formatories, and so long as it goes on the good effects of sclo.iing und industrial training will be indefinitely counteracted. It must not be forgotten, however, that the corrupting in fluence of nssociatien with more hnnicued offenders is one of the very evils which Reforma tories were designed to check. It lias been dis puted, Indeed, whether there ought not to he a distinct class of refuges for the reception of chil dren who have not yet acquired n "criminal habit," hut lmve yielded once ton casual tempta tion. But there is evidently a limit to nil sueh classifications, and it would be simply impossible tn provide n purgatori ii limbo for every cdn- crivable uornl state, even if it wero posslbio to distinguish them with ecrtainty. It must he assumed that every reformatory, or school in tho nature of o reformatory, will contain great varieties of criminal development, nnd it i9 for tiioje wno nave rue management 01 it to aeai as best tbey can with each. Probably the most important difference to be recognised is the'differonce between those who are nnd those who are uot the children of disreputable parents. No apprenticeship in crime can be so effectual as apprenticeship at home, and, if the parentage of precocious criminals couid be accurately ascer tained, we can hardly doubt timt a vnst propor tion would provo to have been thus initiated. 1 1 is notorious thnt most of tho " lapsed eases " may be traced to litis causa, and that ilruakcn aud dishonest parents will often undo in a few weeks the good work of years spitil in n re formatory. But, whatever he the m u.co of the superiority in depravity which the iv,.r«t cha racters in a reformatory exhibit over tiieir fel lows, care should be taken to keep them apart from tho rest. . . . It is but just to mention that nothing at ail discreditable to the IS toko Farm Relormatorv was elicited in the course nf the inquiry. The boy Fay acknowledged that he bed been well taught, although be denied that lie liud been well fed, and made ngrievance of having been flagged with a birch rod. As to the former, If ihe scale of diet was correctly stated by Mr. Manning, few of our renders will be disposed to And fault with it ns too inengre. . . . The supreme object of deterrent punishment, in nil its forms, is to prevent ; the sole object of reformatory puuiali- meot, In all its forms, is to cure. - No one can pretend that a reformatory a-slmilated to a " home," end far happier than tho squalid abodes vriiicb its inmates have lilthiirto known by that name, where body and mind arc carefully trained by healthful and moderate exercises, where every real want Is supnlitd and few real cemfoits arc missing, where an amnesty is secured fur the post, and a future livelihood virtually guaranteed to all who will indu9trious'y quui.fy themsolves for it — no one can pretend that a prospect of tiffs kind can help to deter any iiainan being from crime. It is only because children below n certain ngc, nnd especially those who have been neglected in childhood, are supposed to be scat ceiy doll capaccs, the victims of hinornnce rntber than guilty of deliberate malice, tbat such a sacrifice of the deterrent theory is permitted lu tholr favour. Society in its present state could not afford to permit it iu tbe case of adults, nor 8»n we allow it to be pushed to extravagant lengths in auy case. If reformatories did ever so much good to criminals, but tended to multiply crimes, if they relieved parents of their just re sponsibility, if tliey gave tire youngl pick pocket n better chance in life than liis honest, playfellows, they would cease to de serve our sympathy nnd support. Whether tliey have not overstepped this lino in America, where philanthropists seem to have had it all their own way, we do not uudertako to say, in default of adequate statistics. In this country wo freely aud gratefully allow that as yet far more good hes been done than harm, and we only trust that no doctriunire may induce tho Legjslaturo te press the experiment so far os to provoke n reaction in public opinion. TriREB Causes.— Three gentlemen being in n cofiee-hou.se, one called for n.drnm, because lie was hot. " Bring me another," .says liis com panion, " hecause I am cold." The third, who sat by and heard them, very quietly called out/ " Here, boy, bring me a glass, because I like it." AShout Romance. — On the 5rh of October, died at Frankfort-on- tbe-Oiler, 83 years eld, in tire Holy Ghost Hospital, Louise Dorothea Seimlze, of Demmln, in Pomerania. The late Professor Aekerieann, friend of Theodore ICorncr, nnd J agar in Lutzow'a Frcischnar, made the fol lowing communication on the life of this extra ordinary woman : — Louise Schulz fled from her home during the wedding procession to n distant church; which wedding was to bind her, by the will ofher parent), to a Mecklenburg gentle man, Volm Hnhn, whom she hated, and who was deformed. In her bridal dress she threw herself Into a boat, was rowed down tbe Peene, and joined Schill's carps, in which she" served' till tbe taking ef Stralsimd, where siiewas made prisoner by a Fronclt soldier, who, we expect was not' de formed, for she married her captor subsequently. Her husbend fell in .'Spain ; her only son served in the Prussian army, but died before her. She lived nt Frankfort on n small Prussian pension. — Athenauin. 