-' ? I IHH Central Criminal Court. (From the Empire .) WEDNESDAY. (Beforo big Honor Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief JuBtico.j THE MURDER OF MR, KINDER Henry Louis Bertrand was indicted for the wilful murder of Henry Kinder, at St. Leonards. North Shore district of Sydney, oil the 2nd October, I8G5 ' Tho prisoner pleaded not guilty. . Mr Butler prosiicuted on behalf of the Crown - Mi Dalley and Mr Windeyor, instructed by Mr \\\' ? i Roberts and Mr Robberds, appeared on behalf cf the' ' prisoner. ; The accused wan respectable dreoaod in black ' trousers and vest, nnd dark blue cloth sac coat. IIo liqd a memorandum book of notes in bis hand' Ho was soiiiuwhat uervoii3 at first, but during the dnv 4' frequently looked 011 the den.'o cfowd of spectator, t with much coolness and npfareht unconcern; and sonielimca'ho 3miled ut pniticular peruons whom ho recognised. This casocauscd considerable axcitcment when tlio proceeding at the Pelice-Oflice wore published, somo weeks since; this for 11 time died uway, but now tlmt the falo of tho accused is so near being decided Imj ? ngoin revived. For tlioss who may not bu familiar with tho principal fact-J, it may bo necessary to state that Mr Henry Kinder was formely ongoged in a bank in New Zealand. He arrived in that colony about fourteen years since from London About fivo year* ngo, he married a Miss Woods ; and about three years after his marriage. I10 became intiinutoly acquainted with n young man named Jackson a squatter in New Zealand, with whom at times he went 011 drinking b, nits. Jackson, niter somo time appears to linve been guilty of criminal intercourse with Mrs Kinder. At length Kinder lie came ill from the eflects of hard drinking, and cither' before or about this time, Jackson wrote and promised to marry Mrs. Kinder when sho was a widow. ' Kin. dor recovered, nnd one evening, in having woids with his wife, he threw a cup of ten in her face. Jacitson interfered, whereupon Kinder challenged him to a duel in a back room. This affair blew over ' and Kinder and wife removed from Woiv Zealand to Sydney »i.:~ Kinder was under s,-,mn pccunit ? ? ?». 1.- ' August ' .I. v.. to M-fec.y, rt.-:il,.a , ,y ? j ' j after f . .??.- '. f'.uud Kinder'-! ; ?',,.] i remained :..s .1 1 !'c'-. ' '' arrived d ley hr was sj-ji»h M |.: tiie City .- Bank, k v-...- .1-. . .w-i. .!??;??;'?? i.i-y ._ -v ?: - ;,| 'K visit to Bertrand, thcn'carrj ing on business as ti den list in Wyeyard-squ.-.re. Sho went for tho purpose of having some artificial teeth rec/ified. An improper int'macy, lioweveV, soon spranf up between her and Bertrand, who was already mail ied and had two chil dren. Bct'and and his wife,, in the course of a few weeks, became friendly visito.'s at the liouso of tlio Kinders, and were on visiting terms when Jackson arrived from New Zealand. Bertrand, who was intensely in love, or professed to be, with Mrs. Kinder, was not slow to discover the placo which his rival, Jackson, hold in birr nffections, A mutual understanding was soon, arrived at, and when the qeestion was put plainly by Jackssn to Mrs Kin der, whether sho had any regard for Bertrand, she replied yes, and this was stated apparently 111 the presonco of both M.-. and Mis. Bertrand. Jackson A then made up his riind to leave Sydney, using words n which signified tbat I10 surrendered all to Bertrand, and promised, when lie got to .New Zealand, to send Bertrand a pscket of Mrs ICinder.s letters to him for his especial edification. Feelicgsol' tho most iutenso I kind had b.-cn so aroused by these two men, that when thev pa 'ted, Bertrand. who had frequently been I talking of shooting nnd poisoning, told Jackson ho ; need not be surprised at anything ho might hear. Jiickson'wcnt to West Maitl.md, and was not long Ihere bolore lie read the particulars of an inquest on, Kinders body, .4nd was to use his own wordsr 'stunned, hor;iii;d, and shocked' at tho evidence given by Berlrnnd. Jackson wrote a letter to Bertrand threatening to denounce him for perjury if he did not enclose him £20 to enable him to leave tho colony. Be: r!and replied by at once placing the matter in the hands of tho police, and Jackson was sentenced, IVr this threatening letter, to twelve months' imprisonment. This letter led to further i inquiries, u.itil the affair culminated in a. charge of murder against Bertrand and Mrs Kinder. Mr, Br-tllr liavini opened tho care, proceeded fo call the wiineses. Tli-j evidenco.wns very lengthy, ! and strongly similar to that published at tbe time of t.hc innneit. i The oio for the Crown being concluded, Mr Dalley addressed the jury on hohalf of tho' prisone.'. He said he would show that his client wan entitle! to a verdict of acquittal at their hands. It was, ii tho first place, necessary for thorn to divest their winds of nil perjudico Circumstances of a most extraordinary character surrounded this case, which have been made revolting and loathsome in the high ost degree by the publication of observations and nevspapev comments of a most improper kind. But tfc«y must neither listen to tho vile rumours nor ran dem stetemcnts which bad been sent nbioad, but jiidgo tho prisoner by the evidence nnd 011 tlmt alone, which had been- placod bofoie them. Tiicy were sworn to do their duty, and to de-v''' to evidonee'' If tliev were to *-.. untcd by .my « .the -ir»ry cxtraordine-.y .-.'.orins wbiob Bertram! ? hud ttild' oi iiiios-sli; if I bey could only fi~. on one i those romantic tales of himself as being true, then '?ufj - *au Id have something tangible to rely upon, , br.-csuso n '.aiiii.eswit.JC.ido by a prisoner 1- the ym-y . ... stron I'.eat kind ofevidenSir ' 2»jA. iioi it.i.. on 'f-.-iy sisislc ono of tho str-rita be bad toid of him. .: e i f . They must, not fcigei that this ease was an appeal from another tribunal — the coroner's court — w'heu the subject had been duly investigated, where witnessess lmd been examined, and where tbe jury hnd returned a verdict that Kinder died by his own - band. They must not forget that fact, the motive now attributed to the prisoner for the murder of Kinder was the possession of his unhappy wife. This sexual passion, once allowed to go on unbridled, unchecked either by tho ex ercise of reason or tho influence of religion could net bo controlled until it had led its victim to the perpetration of most revolting crimes. The theory of the Crown was, that tho prisoner had an ungovernable and flaming passion for Kinder's wife, that he was so maddened ill his eagerness to possess her that he would put both Kinder out of the world, or any one else that stood in his way to the - posses, sion of Mrs Kinder. But, long before tbo death of Kinder, he had possession of her for all the purposes of his sensual, ungovernable, low, and abandoned passion. He would admit tho theory of the Crown that he was seized with an ungovernable passion for Mrs Kinder; hut what necessity was there to dispose of Kinder or anyone else when she was already an adultress? He would not speak harshly of many of the witnesses, because they had evidently come to tell romantic, stories told to then by Bertrand : but tbe witness Burno required some especial con. sideration, because there was design in him. Here was a young man, four years in the employ of tho' prisoner, who left his work usually about 6 o'clock, and then went to perform melodrama at the theatre. His mind seemed to have been fed by scrofulous French novels, and other rubbish of this kind He was full of romance, and loved tho wood; the water at midnight, the mysterious. He comes hero now, and tolls the most damning evidence . against his master, He speaks of buying pistols, of . midnight boat- excursions, of dressing in disguise, tho tomahawk, tho shining moon— what was all this but tho taint of the ranting melodramatic nonsense brought by this young man from the theatre. While he stood in that witness-box, and clothed his master's body with the garb of disguise, he clothed his master's soul also with tho blackness of deception. ; For years had Bertrand been in tho habit of disguising himself, of painting his face, of dressing in female apparel, or as an actor, of crying out for his life, and carrying on all sorts of mad tricks. He tells Burns tho most palpable lies of his duels in France, his murder in Brussels, his theatrical performance at Sadlers Wells, and his wonderful successes with tho principal actress, and with other women. All that Bertrand had said of himself was now recollected and brought against him to substantiate a charge of murder. To bear him speak of himself^ one would think that Bertrand was most desperate follow, and the hero of a hundred adventures. Tho - probability is that tho reverse was the case. There was nothing horoic about him. He was not about to set up the plea of insanity in behalf of the prisoner, because he would tell them plainly tHiat there was no specices of madness under the operation of which tho prisoner was laboring that would excuse him for tho offence with which he was charged. But he was afflicted with a species of insanity that would account for the extraordinary lies that he had told about himself. He had lost all particle of moral courage, if he ever possessed any. He was utterly abandoned to all delicate or moral sentiments, destitute of an atom of moral courage. He was anxious for the world to , think him a very determined and most extraordinary man, a man not to be trifled with. He had a passion for notoriety. With a young wife and two beautiful' children he visits a friend's house at tho North Shore and calls himself tho devil, to frighten not only his wife, but his sister and other guests; and then threatens to horrify them by calling up the ghost of Kinder. To make himself more horrible ho accuse himself of tho murder of Kindor. They had heard tho story, told most pathetically by the prisoner s sister, of the horrible lying accounts he had given of himself, and of his conduct. She did not believe his accounts, nor did tho very .u»a Burne who camo so iniblushingly to deuoutico uis :===:' 7~yiixvm them. He' knew ' of Brand's j mMte,r viu « k»°' wl-y 1,8 wentt° tl,e.Norfh ! eC''-«t'oit'-h3'lo dc9iRD, not nf murder, but ho know know tbo Who Bnao indacd, must n mind a'ich as nS assisted ' ( 1,'n muster's illicit inter liia !)'- w''® Kinder os a joko. Bat even Burne course Ho knew it was no. joke, bud bohcd bin - Jt ono_ Ho Wllg s0 filled with onlioiigbl'0 tioiflenstlint ho oon3t,ued all into petty meloaw . ad 1li3 own vorBinn to relate, nnd thp rura!-nno. ' 0nt of Burno'a lmd boon cloarly Vet not a Bingl't connso| then reviowod cort°b°rn J Vokqnn; bis criminal intercourse 'the ovidcica Z inland. his threatening S^-^ nd. J B. trar.d's net ? in this letter to ''j.,.1 that Bertram!'* conduct m m'itt=r- ettei- was utterly inconsistent' itlth reference to t iw hft wM lhe murderer, of Kinder 'the P«*u,.ffng on other liorlion^ of to evidence Aftor c-»nJ l'^v(l3 tt )ilir of die graate.it magnitude. '?«subnlu nut on mil IIo «0,lld o rain soma frivolous object. I Jul characterB so °b J particularly prided hnnse f in. ?«Qe»»»W',h'X Sna hcoeo his aim to fngh ten Ho ,j0b ho could not by wealth psoole. 'j0,™- jred. ami thoiefjre to terrify his att»)n » 1 nc; ' |?imSelf the devil. i^imed bom do victims b j f nlcBinerisiii, and CnniitnUtd tlie nhaties. t'i^™ . -j-^u him if they would, WO*' cxt™vlf 'bandonod, sensual; blabbing, lying, to he a lo«. but lie wiu not ecceut.i= d0^nJu a,,,:,,, mil'nnt Wnb of hU murder.. a,Dl,rdUw in tho dark, alone and brought only to All was done m no i ' j 0r bv other moans. V^1 by rfiy 3e' *°H nhLT T- Never pl.Wjng himself on it. Hut Wngofhw {,h0 .vnB aliiU.. '1 bey bad ? Jiortrana-did tl^h hg ^ nttolliptua to evidence that uei ? , t ? ha(1 tlllten aconite; 1,l0W,hi9 nid' Kinder allot himself , that ho sahl he that lie snirt Kirtlcr war poisoned: his ,bot Kindf':- c\i w a t r u e ? Taking his own wife ,n,vel' ' , ieh 0{ them is trite ? lholeariu d self- acensatio. s, . -J-ljis waa written 0(„,„sel then al I udecl to I heawi .y.^ ^ Kindor-for 1,y Bertrand nndei ^ (I)in][ that it wouia her sole pernsi . ^ 0ompftCt wa3 ft be road by tbe w ^ sj,M|0ry Il0]ti he had of hollow one. . t.:nj 0f man Bertrand was, her. and she knew '^^or. They both, one It was ' 00I'I'']° j,, her letters, unfolded their in 1.13 a'arJ- t ob other j but how unineaninB. ; ardent R°'^ qg ,)0W .leeeptively they wore , what hollown ^ ^ ' spake ofreligious sub ? . assistance with the . portions of the diarj I'. bo was.- The melo '? i ?-/' --Bnrne, In the purchos-. i-t. ii:- .iviled altogether. Tlios^ ? ?.- Ith tbeahootiug ofKlnder ' ? .rl for stage purposes. ThST ni.tol nroduoeil at the inquest was tbe one which in 5 ioted the wound, and the pnaoner in his evidence n: 'u.V !„0neBt,aiid he pave it to Kinder, ihera was iv ii3-rni«d If ho murdered Kinder there was one.no! 2™ 1 who' now knows it. Tho„sh Mrs Bertraivi ™„lii not cive evidence against her husband she coal 1 Eve beXwBht to c0'''t- /r',c'^ w'3 ''P4!' ' , ' -„v If between gtiie time of Kinder receivin t m wound, ana the time of his death, he wa, conscious, and any human being had coma within liiasicht would lie nvt if bo bad been shot by another 've reqi'iartod to bo at oneoromnved from tho mnr Lara around him ' He was conscious, and two days after the wound, a serceant of police wai with him; vet be makes no specific statement that another hsd inflicted the wound. He was visited tbe night of Ins ' ,raj bv Dr. Eiehler, and two-day?, after, or tho next divbl'Dr Weight, yet nostatoment tliat lio hail been murdered by another waf made. Tha medical testi mony was adduced to support the theory of the Crown that the pistol was loaded with n bullet, and then a scemd party mnat have fired the shot. Dr F.ielilor's oridenco was, that Kinder had committed s .ticide. Dr. Wright do2» not deny that sr.'ch was not the case, but lie lieliovea another person --.ay bavo inflicted tho wound. Dr. AMoway was positive tli.it somo hard Bubstanco had struck tho bono, and to somo extent Dr Alleyno agreed with this. But tl.c pistol ban-el may have been close to the bead and tho concussion nn'ainst tho bone when tho pistol exploded, may liavo fractured it, Tlie medical testimony be submitted was on tiio whole in support of the presumption of homicide judical testimony was always conflicting As regarded the (piostion of poisoning, no poison bad heen (fiseovered iu the stomach, no poison had been found in tho room nor in Kinder' s house; no poison was proved to have been given. .The theory of poison was not sustained save by the usual amount of lios of \ tlie prisoner. After a most eloquent address, of about two hours and a half tho le.aT.e3 counsel left tho matter to be dealt with by tlio jury according to fheir consciences between God.and the prisoner, nnd lio felt certain they would arrivo lit a conclusion tb.it Kinder had not been murdered by the prisoner. Mr Butler ro'so to reply, when Mr, Windoyor objected on the [rronnd that, as no \v tnesses had been called for the defence, it bad been decided by the' Supremo Court that a barrister acting for tho Crown had no right of reply. His Honet said he did not exactly remember the case ; but as it was a matter of life or death with tho prisoner, it would bo as well if Mr Butlur did not reply. Mr. Butler assented. On tbe following dny tbe Judgo summed up, nnd tlio jury returned, but not being able to agree, they -iV'-. 'liseharged. ... \- The iv-H hn pnton bis .trial again. ? 