THE TALE OP AUNT MARGARET'S TROUBLES. [from all the tear round ] CHAPTER VI. Only ashorb time in' ervoned between that evening ?? when Anna sang so wonderfully, and quitted the room so strangely, and the period fixed for Misa Wokenham's marriage. The approaching departure of our good friend naturally ocoupied our thoughts very much. It was a great event and excitement in the oven tenor of our lives ; and going to, America was a mucn more serious matter in those days than it is now. Miss Wokenham, however, was as brave and bright as possible; and it wa3 not until the very night before she went away that she broke down, or lost tho cheerful front we were familiar with. 'It isn't that I'm at all afraid, my dears,' she sobbed out, ' or that I have tho least; distrust of Lewis ; but I am so fond of you ail, and homo is very dear, and everything is straogo before me, and, of course, one must be a callous bruta— and I hope I'm not quite that— to be able to take it all oom p isedly, and — and I can't find my pockethandker chief 1' My heart warmed to Monsieur De Beauguet, when I saw him draw a bright-colored bandana from his pocket, and gently wipo tho little woman's streaming eyes, as if sho had been a child. I could have hugged him when ho afterwurds applied the handker chief to his own eyes with the utmost simplicity. Somehow I fo't then that our dear little governess was safe with him. They had at first intended to be married in Liver pool, and to spend a few days there before leaving England. But the merchantman they were going1 out in was to sail sooner than had been expected, and they would have no time to spare. So Miss Wokenhatn bade us good-bye in her maiden character that last evening, and was married early the follow ing1 morning. Dear uncle gave the bride away. Ho and nay aunt were the only guests present in the church, by Miss Wokonham's expressed desire. She h d some relatives — second cousins, I believe — who lived in a tall brick house just outside the t .wn, and were very stiff and stately. Not tho less so, I dare say, that they had no particular reason for stiffness and stateliness. They were a childless old couple, sufficiency wellto do in tho world, and were mysteriausly aggrieved by the fact of their relative's keeping a school. This injury however, they kindly condoned, finding, pos sibly, some consolation in the reflection that her keeping a school ie!ieved her friends from the neces s ty of keeping her. B.it tho announcement of Miss Wokenham s intended marriage had shocked them — Mrs Parker especially— to a frightful extent. 'You would havo thouerht I bad confessed to some awful crime, to hear cousin Sarah,' said Miss Wokonhani to mv aunt. ' Sho talked to me more liko a gaol chaplain than anything else. And, after all, I should like to know what difference it can make to them ? They insinuated that I must not expect now to inherit; any of thoir money — just as if I ever had expected it ! and they talked vaguely of ruin and. disgrace in store for the family. How over, I kept my temper protty well till they began to be impertinent about Luwis, when I fired up, and told thorn he was a gentleman whose shops none of the Parkers were worthy to wipo. Therefore, you see, it would havo been of no use asking oousin Sarah and hoi* husband to my wedding. And indeed they shouldn't have como if they had wanted to, un less they made a handsome apology to M'sieu'.' So our little schooimistsess reoame a wife, unil lumined by tho lustre of the Parkers' presence or patronage. The breakfast was given ot the Gable House, aud, at the last moment, when it was tiuio for tho travellers to depart, Horace Leo came huiry ing in, flusbod and panting, with a great nosegay of hothouse flowers in his hand, .which he presented to tho bride Tho poor little soul was in a sad state of agitation by tliis time, a»d, wag ciipgiogr t° my Rust as if sho could never part from her, but she smiled ' through her tears when she saw Horace. He was always a groat favorite of hers. ' My gsodness 1' said bh,e, with a spark of her wontocl vivacity, ' where did you get these glorious flowers ? . But your fac.» is as bright as they are. I soaroely hoped to tee you again. I thought you were at your father's for tho week. 'Did you suppose I would let you leave Will borough without saying good-bye?' returned Horace. ' I was up at s-x o'clock this morning, ransacking the. greenhouses at the Hall. 'When I told the head gardener that I wanted some flowers to give to a bride, betook quite an interest in their selection, and said. I was to gather what I chose. I galloped the U3W mare nearly all the way into WTlborough. And now you must pay mo for my posy, Madame de Beaugutt.' To se 3 the start the little woman gave when he oalled hei by her new name .! But she put her hands in his, and stood on tiptoe to be kissed, saying, ' God bless you, my dear boy. I. shall always like. you, an 1 keep you in my thoughts Bide by side with our beloved friends at -the Gable House. You know, I cannot expres's a higher regard than that, for any one.' , ; . More kisses and embraces, confused farewells, pro mises to write, thanks, tear3, blessings, and our dear old friend was gene. The last glimpse I had of her showedme her small form being lifted into the fly, by my uncle's strong arms. Good true friend ! .As large of heart as she was tiny of stature. What a giantess would Miss Wokenbam have been, if her soul and body had borne proportion to one another! For some days after the marriage, the whole house hold seemed unsettled ; and Anna and I wandered about from the house to the gardens, and from the gardens to the orchard, and about and about, in a most desultory manner. : 01 1 Stock had been forced so far to yield to ago and rheumatism as to aocept the assistance of a permanent under-gardener, who was to receive his directions,' and spare him the hardest part of the out-door work. It was a sore trial to him, until he discovered a mine ef comfort in tho alleged and as sumed total incapacity of his assistant. This inex haustible theme for grumbling seemed to afford him . more enjoyment thai anything except his pipe. ' Good morning, S'ock,' said I to him a few days after Miss Wokeham's wedding. 'What sorb of a spring arc we likely to have? And how are the things looking with you h^re ?' He was standing in the kitchen garden — leaning on a great brown knotted stick, scarcely browuer or more knotted than his hands— inspecting the labors of his sub ordinate, who was digging up a great potato-bed. It was one of Stock's rheumatic mornings, and he was unable to handle a spada himself. 'Spring, Miss Margri,' growled the old .man. ' The spring '11 be all right, to be sure. The Lord '11 look after that. But as to how things is looking here, why howiver is things like to look when the master 'livers 'em over to the marcy of Bill Green ? In course I knows my dooty:' Stock was always comfortably satisfied on that point : ' my dooty's wrote out plain. It may be hard on a man as has sarved the master foity year, fur to see the soil turned up in that there fashion, like stirring1 furmety ' wi' a ladle; but if the master ordains as Bill Green is to spoon the horth instead of spading it, whjT spooned the berth must be.' .' Don't be hard on Green, Stock,' said I ; 'he'll improve, no doubt, with all the pains you will take to teach him.' - 'Pains! Ah, great pains an' little gains. Jist look at him how, Miss Margrit, a-standin' gapin' like a stuck pig, instead of arnin' hia day's wage. Didn't ye niver see a young lady afore, ye great gaby?' ???;??' I've see'd lots on 'em,' returned Bill Green : a blue-eyed, sto'id young?fe]low, upon whom Stock's sarcasm and scolding appeared equally powerless to produoe any impression. . ?. '0, ye have, have ye? Then what are you standin' storm' at ?. Why don't ye try to do summut for your daily bread, tbof it be but spoonin' ?' ' I've di pged this here bed, an' I dunno what's to do next,' said Green. ? 'Ye see, ye see, Miss Margrit ! That's the 'woy ! He ain't got no. more notion of his dooties nor a babby. It's a marciful Providence as I'm able to. git about to look after him. Come here along wi' me, Bill Green, and I'll pint out what mischief you and your spoon is to do next.- Bring1 your spoon along winh you. Not as the Lord wi'ls that the article should be missing where you a: e !' And the old man hobbled away to another part of his do mains, followed by Bill Green, who confidentially bestowed a broad grin on mo as he departed. Horaco greatly relished Stock's eccentricities', and I got into tho habit of treasuring up his odd sayings and doings, in order to repeat them to Horace. Horace was really witty. 1 have never known a more amusing companion than he could ,. be ; when once he know you well enough to cast off his shy nes*. He sometimes had fits of wild ' spirits that kept undo Gough in roars of laughter. But then,' too, ho was very easily moved to f-ympathy with anything sad. The tears wou'd spring to his eyes in a moment at hearing a plaimivo tune or a pathetic '. \ story. He rarely oould refuse to give to a beggar, ' I and wa? as tender as a woman with aged people and I little children. Uncle Gough used to say that Horaco had one great fault; he could not say No. I 'Wants ballast a bit, does the laddie,' said uncle. 'But, Lord help us. Weall grow hard soon enough; and an old heart in a young bosom is worse than an old head upon' young shoulders.' . CHAPTER VII. , Gradually I grew to join tho thought of Horace with every incident in my life. When the lilicfs of the valley first peeped up under the' shady side of i moss-gr^wn orchard wall, I said to myself : ' How 'Horace will like to seem them .''—for ho. loved flowers dearly. When old Bran, tho watch-dog, crawled feebly into tho parlor, ono day for the nrst and Jast time in nis me, and died with his faithful head on my uncle's feet, I thought, amidst my ? tears. 'Horace will grieve for liran.' If I wore a brighter ribbon than usual, or any new piece of gii'fish finely, I secretly wondpred, 'How will Horace liko it?' I suppose this was 'f falling in lovo,' but t did not know it. It was rather growing into love, gradually and gently, as the love of kindred— father, mother, brothers, sisters— grows up in our hearts, until it becomes apart of our nature, and wo can no more I remember when it was not there than wo oan roca'l the days of our earliest infancy. Mine . was not a passionate nuturo, but it was a clinging ono. Love ! ivith mo was not the fioroe devouring overmastering1 foe'ing that I havo seen it in others. It grew to bo a part of me : an ovor present, steady, strong affec tion, that claimed- no passionate expression nor | violent outbursts, but that lived in my lifo, and breathed in my breath, but took root iu my inner most and deepest heart of hearts. Yob, it v/as lovo that I felt for Horace Lee ; roil, true, undying love. Undoing, for 0, a long lifo lies between those youth ful diys and this present timo in which I write, and 0, ray Lucy, for whom I write, I lovo him to this hour!, ? Although I can now, on looking bck, clearly un derstaad what were my gwa feelings, you must no.fc — — ' — *— - — ' — ^ — ? — r*i supposo that I did so at nineteen. I'n'evbFlbTowght of ' questioning my heart,' or 'analysing my, vwft Consciousness,' or of attempting any 'of tha pio|oyL'ad metaphysica' problems which.— tho circular! fg^ITbraiy informs us — the girls of this generation - are accus tomed to solve. ; Insomuch that sometimes I feel aim st afraid lest they should 'analyse' all their emotions away, or lose the sweet evanescent fresh ness of them, and leave only a little earthy deposit at tho bottom of the crucible. But when I look around me, and see' eyes as bright, and cheeks as blooming, as those other eyes and cheeks I saw so long ago, I believe that fresh, unsophisticated hearts come, according to the goodness of God, to gladden tho earth as naturally as the daisies; and I revert to my old. comrorting conviction, that when .youth and lovo quite go out of the world, tho world itself must go out too. ? '?? I look back on that girl at the Gable House as on another creature. I smile at her follies and simplici ties, andweopat her sorrows, ard grieve over the bitter days that lie before her. Ah, howyoung sba soems, with her nineteen years, and' how old am I, Aunt Margaret ! : Well! As I have said, Horace Lee became the central figure in my life, his presence made me quietly glad, and I loved my dear guardians and benofaotora the better that they also loved him. But it was all unconsciously, or at least without thought, on my part. Horace was like a eon of the house, and uncla used to call him and Anna his two spoiled. bairns, Anna had given way; to no outbreaks of temper sisoo that stormy night of her wilfulness about the singing, and we hoped that, as she grew older, she was gain ing self -control and gentleness My thoughts often recurred to what Miss Wokenham had said to ine oo that same evening, and I' wondered what- '.breakers ahead ' she could have foreseen, or fanciedshe fore* ? saw. I came at last to the conclusion that sha dreaded trouble for us all from Anna's violent tem per, knowing, as she well did, how unchecked by firm opposition that fiery spirit had-, been' from babyhood. I wished that our good {Hand could have seen how pleasant a change had corns over my sister within the last two months..! men tally resolved to give her a glowing account of Anna's improvement when I should write to Canada, so as convey to her that I understood what sha had meant by her warning, and to assure- her that her anxiety had boen overstrained and needless. Altogether, that winter evening was frequently in my mind, for, from it I dated the loss of my little hair chain. Search was made for it on the following morning, but vainly ; and then the preparations for our old schoolmistress's wedding had sufficiently occupiod us all, from the kitchen-maid up to dear Aunt Gough. Old Mr Leo came occasionally to see us, and to express to my aunt and uncle his sense of their kindness and hospitality towards his son. ' Horace is doing well at Rotherwood's,' said the old gentleman. ' At least, so they tell me. Sir Robert'1' — this was ' the great baronet, Mr Lee's employer — ''Sir Robert sent for Horace to tha Hall the other day, to speak about a litfc e matter of business, the draining of Meadow Leas, and Sir Robert had him into ; tho drawing-room— into the drawing- room where ray lady was sitting— and made him stop to luncheon;' , :, We were all uncomfortably dumb in a moment, and I felt, without looking at him, that Horace was crimson. . But .Mr Le'o went oh in his usual self satis fi 3d way, in happy ignorance of the misery w« were feeling. ' . ' He stayed in the drawing-room, where my lady was, full twenty minutes— from that to half an hour,* wasn't it, Horace ? — and Sir Robert shook bands with him when he came away. Very gratifying. But they always have been pleased to entertain a great respect (however unmerited) for me.' Somehow or the other, tho fonder I grew of Horace^ the moro I shrank from Mr Lee. I must havo ap peared a mere fool in his eyes, for a perfect pall ot ' silenoa and shyness seemed to envelop me ? from .head to foot when I was in bis presence. Anna,- on the contrary, who always was Ies3 diffident than If and with good reason, for she was a bright winning creature, with the lively frank manner that ha4 never known a chill or a rebuff, Anna would laugh and chat and play off her pretty airs on tho old gentleman with astonishing vivacity. He admired her vastly, .and called her all manner of 'sylpha,' and 'nymphs,' and 'cruel charmers,' and .'? fair enslavers .:' compliments over which Anna used to fo into fits of laughter in private. But Bhe seemed etermined to fascinate Mr Lee, and she certainly succeeded. . . ?'..,'.?? One day when the spring was pretty far advanced, and the young leaves and the tender grass had put forth thoir first fresh delicious green,' Mr Lee . apV peered at the Gable House early in the forenoon. He had his chaise at the door, be sa'd, 'and- was come to ask my aunt to do him. the honor cf taking a drive. . She had been ailing somewhat during tlte last woak, and he thought that the bright sun and fresh air would do 'her good. ' Do go, dear aunty,' said wo; and my uaote joinedus in urging her. ,-;? ? : '' I will take you to a. farm of one 'of -Sir Robert's tenants, where 1 have business,' said Mr Lee, 'and the good people of the house will bo proud to offer you. some homely refreshment, as a friend of mine. I am to sleep iu Willborough to-night, and will drlvo you back before it grows dusk. There is— ahem !— there is a third seat behind, and if one of the yoking ? ladies would accompany us — — — ' ? It was comical' to gge the look' he gave mo. It.' said 'don't you como,' so plainly. I involuntarily answerod the look, by exblaming. ''0 no, of course Anna will go.' But Anna wished me to have the' pleasure of tbo drive, and protested she would not car© to go and leave me at homo. ' That is nonsensei dear,' said I. ' Do you go and take oaro- of aunty, and mako herwrap up. T?eihaps Mr Lee will .taka me somo other day.' A proposal to which Mr- Lee, in his ' gladness at escaping my companionship for the present, politely and even cordially assented. . So it was settlod that Annashou'd go ; and I helped . to put warm wraps into tho little open bhaiEe/., in case the spring evening should turn chilly as they came home ; and I stood watching them ag tflpjf drove away: Anna's dark ringlets \5lhv^''ab6utl lior pretty face, and Jpr mouth 'pursed up into a ridi culous g irna'cp in imitation of the unconscious Mr Leo, who sat square and Btately before her. :????-? There was never lack of oocupa1 ion at tho Gablo House, Aunt (lough had made us fatniliar with all kousowifely lore, and both my sister and I were proud cf our skill aa housekeepers. My morning, therefore, passorl busi'y away. After giving njy uue'e his early dinner, and seeing him established. ' with his pipo and the London newspaper in tho dining-room, I took iny knitting and went into tho gar Jon to onjoy the brightness of tho sunny after noon. I wandered all ovor tho grounds, through tbo tkrubbery, into the orohard whore the happy littlo birds woro chirping and twittering in tba gnarled o'.d fruit trees. I marked the early flowers ? dotting the borders with biillinnt spots of color; and I peeved with keen intorost at the promise of a great . plenty of roses, displayed hy tho standard trees . upon tue lawn. It was all so dear and so f rm liar to mo 1 I knew ovoiy nook in the place, ovoiy time , tiutod patch iu tho old brick walls, overy shrub, every bough, nay. almost every leaf. As I came slowly baok towards tbo house, I stopped to plok a bunch of broftd.-fftc.ed, daisies that g-w .lu$vw&»t)y \mi'aJ:tS5rigreen mound in a sunny corner of the snV-criK^ Jr. It wns a very tiny mound, with a white up right stone at one end of it, whereon the ; syllable . VI C was -engraven. Poor litt'o Vixon lay beneath it, her fiery' barkings and qna'nt gambols stilled f r ever. 'Vic,' haid.l, half aloud, ?' I am glad to know that you were a very happy little dog.' And then ?I began to think of our childish days when Anna and Vic .wero much fast6r friends and joyous playmates. I remembered the great battle of the porch, and Stock's signal defeat, and then I thought of my dis comfiture and poor Dolly's deadly peril. Coming to the said porch at that moment, I wont inside it and sat down. Though it was yet early in the year, the afternoon', sun falling on that side_of the house, and beating on the yellow space of gravel— still the pride of Stock's heart— made the shade pleasant. The click of my knitting-needles grew slower and slower, and at length ceased. I h d fallen into a drowsy kind of reverie I was given to day-dreams thon. All sorts of. pictures, of my childhood's diys, and of people and places I knew, came into my head and passed away, to be succeeded by ether pictures. I was conscious of a lazy kind of curiosity as to what I should see next, when I heard a step on the gravel E' atb. It was not old Stock's heavy tread this time, ut a light rapid footfall— I well know whose. 'I thought I shou'd find you here,' said Horace, coming out of the sunlight to my sido. : 'Didyou? I have not been in the porch befjre, this year; but this lovely afternoon tempted me. Aunty and Anna are gone to drive with your latner.' . ' Yes, I know it. I am glad Mrs Grough consented to go; I bolieve tlio air will do her good.' ' Ho had come oagerly into the porch, as though he had been seeking me, wishing to say something ; but now ho sat silent, trifling with the ball of knitting worsted, that had lam on mylap. I have mentioned that he had an absent trick of turning and twisting things in his fingers. ' What you are doing now, reminds mo,' I told him, 'of my hair chain. Do you know, I have never been able to find it, since thaf night when you made Anna nervous by playing with it? Isn't it strange?' He put his hand into his /breast, . and turned his eyes upon me with a look that made my coior rise and my heart beat fastei'. 'Margaret'— 0 the tenderness in hi3 voice! how sweet my name sounded 1—' Margaret, shall I tell you something? Here ij your chain. I have had it next my heart ever since that night.' He drew it forth, and held it out to me. A great joy began to flood my soul, but it was my nature to dis trust such happiness. I could not accept it all at once ; it seemed to great too believe in. So I trem blingly held out my hand for the chain, with a slight exclamation of surprise. 'No,' said. Horace, drawing nearer to me, 'not till you have hoard why I took it. You have Dot asked me that, Margaret. Do you know V I shook my head. I was past speaking. ' Can you guess ?'' My tears began to blind me, and I c^uld not keep down a eob. Ho threw his arms around me, and held me to his breast. 'Becnise it had been yours; because it had clasped your throat ; because the poorest ribbon you oould wear, the g-love that had touched your hand, the flower you had gathered and thrown' away, would be dear and precious to me; because T love you, Margaret?' O those words, those dear, dear words ! 0 that happy time, that happy, happy time ! ''' Horace,' I whispered, after a while, ?? Prince Goldenhearfc is come at last.' For he kuew the story of my childish play, and had often laughed over it with me.' 'Is it Prince Goldenheart ?' h-» said. 'Well; he should have a heart of gold, who woos my Mar garet. Thank God, at all event?, there is no wicked fairy to blight ray gentle Princess, or to stand be tween her and her love.' As he spoke, a shadow blotted out the evening light ; and when it had passed, the sun had set. . . . ' What was that ?' I asked, looking up. ? ' 'Why, they have come home 1 Is it so late? It Wu'b your sister Anna.' ' Thoy have come home ? Then they must have driven round into the stable-yard, and come into the house by the back way. I dare say Anna was look ing for me. . I must go now, Horace. Pleaso let me.' v I felt much as the child of twelve years before had felt, when old Stock, personifying the worka day world of reality, broke in upon her fairy story. We had been dreaming such a beautiful dream, Horace arid I, all to ourselves, that for the moment it seemed a hardship to come out of that enohanted realm, and face the oominon aspect of accustomed things. 'Just one instant, Margaiet!' He he'd both my hands c'asped in one of hip, and stood with his other hand laid tfoitly on my head, looking down upon me. 'Aunty 'will wonder what has becomo of me.' ' ' Answer me this one question. Do you really, really, love me?' ?? u.noraooi nave i not saia so f 'Say it again 1 Once ax ore — only once more.' . . , , ' May I go if I say it again? Do you. pro- mise?' ' I promise, darling.' I reloase-d myself from his ho^d, and dyew down the hand that rested on my head ; then, leaning my two hands upon his shoulders, I raised my faoe to his, and kissed him ; darting away next moment at full spood, and never stopping until I had flown across the hall, and along the htone flagged passage that led to the morning-mom. I paused outside the door, suddenly conscious of flushed cheeks and dishevelled hair, and panting from my swift run. I heard voices laughing and talking within, and, ro ' assured by the conviction that they were not think ing, of me, I stole up to my own chamber to batho my face and smootho my hair. When I came down again, and. entered the morning-room, the tea-tablo was spread there, and Horace was Boated beside my aunt, who was leaning back in her large arm-chair with an' air of weariness. Anna was there, and my uncle was there, and Mr Lee. ' l)ear aunty, are you tired? Have you had a pleasant day?' said I, hastoning ta her. '- 'Whore have you beou, Madgo, my love ? Anna was looking for you. Will you make the tea, and offer. Mr Leo sonio cold meat ? I had a very agree able drive, but I am a thought tired now, my dear.' So, the business of tho tea-table came opportunely to covei my confusion. After I had attended to our guest, 1 took courage to glance at Horace. Ho had been waiting on my aunt, holding her teacup, drawing forward a folding screen to shield her from tho scorching blaze of tho wood fire — my uncle never relinquished evening fires until quite midsummer — and plaoing a broad cushion beneath her feet.. Now ho sat bosido her, with his handsome head bent down to listen to hor soft alow speoch. How I lovod him ! How beautiful the gentle deference of his youth and Btrongtli to hor weakness and age, appeared in my eyes I Anna was chatting gaily with Uncle Gough and Mr Loo ; but she kept looking across at my aunt and Horace, as if sho too thought the' picture they presented a_ploasant ouo. 'Wo have been to such a dear old farm-house, Wftdgo/'. ?aid Anna, ^'giwh a -j«ftiflt, ym^ w»i jomfortable, picturesque 'old p'ace! Meadow Leas, it is called. The drivo there is pretty too. I did so snjoy it.' ?' Tho good farmer and his dame wero truly proud md delighted to enterta'n Mrs Giugh and your sister,' said Mr Lee. 'Hospitable, kind souls, poor things !' 'Hospitable! Yes, indeed, Madge. I never saw such heaps of food as they spread on tho table. Pies, and cheese, and cream, and ham, and butter, and ale, and broad. I was fdghtoned when I saw tho piled up plattor of rabbit pasty thoy put before me. And thoy expected mo to eat it all 1' ' You must go somo day, Margaret dear,' said my aunt. ' I'm sure you would enjoy it. Farmer Gib son and his wife have all manner of pets that you would delight in.' Old Mr Loo was to sloop at the Blue Bell, where ho always put up when- he came to Willborough ; and he withdrew early. ' I have business to attend to to morrow, that will oause. me to be up betimes, iny good madam,' he said to aunt, in his tiresome way. ' You will there fore excuse me if I take my leave now. Lato hours do not suit me. They interfere with that clearness of brain which is essential to the transaction of im portant business.' I was very glad to see him rise to depart, for late hours did got agree with Aunt Gough any more than they did with him, and she had been looking very weary for some time past. ' Horaee,' Mr I.ee continued, 'I shall tee you in tho morning. Our ways Ue in different directions to-night. E shall have a message to deliver to you from Sir Robert. Good night, my dear madam. Nay, nay,' in reply to some murmured thanks from niy aunt, ' only too glad to have afforded you a day's pleasure. Fare well, Miss Anna. I am sure you will not bo forgotten at Meadow Leas. A vision of youth and beauty bursting on the— hem ! What_is the word. No, matter, you understand me. Good night, Airs Gough. And good night to you, Miss aedley.' He had very neariy omitted his parting salutation to me alto gether ; but I could not let Horace's father go with out a farewell, that night, of all nights ; so I had emerged from my nook behind the tea-tablo. Mr Lee tried to look as if ho had been purposely reserv ing the pleasure of shaking hands with me for the lust, and had meant to come round to my side of the room if I would but have awaited him patiently. But I am afraid I mu;t make the humiliating con fession that I believe he had quite forgotten I was present. My aunt rose as soon as Mr Lee had departed, and said she would go to bed. She seemed very feeble when she got upon her feet, and 1 began to fear that the day's exertion had been too much for her. Horace gave her his arm to the room door, and then I think my uncle observed her weakness with some anxiety. ' Shall I carry you up-stairs, my dear?' he said. 'It wouldn't be for the first time.' ' No, love, no ; I,m not so dead tired as that. Madge will come with me. Good night, all. I shall be strong again to-morrow, after a night's rest.' So 1 went up the wide old-fashlontd staircase with my aunt, she leaning on my arm ; and we mado the journey slowly, though the ascent was far from being a steep' one. Anna had seemed inclined to linger a little; hut Horace was prejecupied and did not talk ; and my uncle's dear faoe had a rather troubled look as his eyes followed his wife's slow steps out of the room. Anna, to whom Bilenco and dulness were always in tolerab'e, forthwith began to yawn, and followed us up-stairs a'most immediate' y. Horace remained in the morning-room, and I saw in his eyes, and I felt :« 4-T-*.-i »^rt*.Hr»o- vwoconvfi rtf Vila linn/1 +V»o4- V*n tit/%. .U speak in the fiilness of his heart to my uncle, before he went away that night. The thought made me a a little nervous and agitated, though Heaven knows I had never had cause to dread my dear guardian and benefactor. I longed to speak to Aunt Gough, and tell her of my great happiness, and receive the sweet motherly sympathy that she had ever been ready to lavish on mo from my childish days ; but sho seemed so fatigued end unstrung that I dared not venture to oxcite her that night for my selfish pleasure. I remained with her until her eye3 wero closed and her head lay placidly on the pillow ; thon, lamp in hand,. I crossed the broad landing to my bed-chamber. Anna and I shared a large, low, oak-panelled room with thr.ee deep windows locking on to the lawn. Our white-curtained beds stood side by side on an island of crimson carpet relieved against the darkness of the polished floor. I found that my sister was al ready in bed, and apparently asleep ; shading the lamp with my hand, I walked softly to the dress ing table, and looked in the g'ass. It was a large old-fashioned oval mirror, set in a black carved swing frame. How plainly it all comes biok to mo! I can seo tho blue gleam of moon'.ight that slanted in at tho many-paned windows, and threw a fantastic pattern on tho oaken boards ; I can seo the wide stretch of gardon and shrubbery, shimmering ghost-like out of a silver veil of mist ; lean soo the long shadows of the troos rocking and swaying noisoless'y on the lawn, as tbo trees themselves moved with a soft whispering sound in tbomgnc oreeze ; l cansmou me irngranco of a buuch of rich brown wal flowers that stood in a china vase on the window-sill. It all fixed itself in my mind during the moment in which I set my lamp upon tho dressing-table, and tiltod down the glass to an angle at which I could seo my face re flected in it. Not a touch or tint in that picture has faded in .fifty years,' ' This, then, is tho happy girl whom Horace lovos !' said I to myself, looking at the face which looked at mo ? out of the dark sea-green depths of tho mirror. I know vory well that it was not a beautiful face. 1 knew very woll that it was scarcely even pretty. But it was irradiated now, with a light that trans figured it. .' 0 I am so 'glad !' I whispered through my blissful tears. '? T almost believe that being so dearly loved, and loving so dearly, will make mo grow pretty.' Thon I bont forward and put my lips to tho cold surfaco of the glass and said, ' That means good night for Horace i' I turned away from the glass with a hoart full of happy thoughts, and yet my tears foil fast. Anna was lying asleep on her white bed, and, as 1 looked at her lovoly fresh faco in its nost of rippling hair, I yearned to loll my joy to anything so sweet and young aud bfautiful, to reooive ht r sisterly kiss, and to feel tho clasp of her arms around my neck, as I had felt it niaiy a time when she had come to me to bo soothed in some baby sorrow, nnd wo had fallen asleep togothor. I thouaht I could tell her better, if I put out tho light ; theroforo, when I was un drctsod I extinguished the lamp and kneeled down by hor bedside. The msonlight shone into tho cham ber, and her hand and arm, tossed carelessly out side the oovorlot, were bathed in a flood of pale brightness ; but her face was in shadow. ' Anna,' I said in a low voice, putting my choek down on hers, ' ' Anna, I havo something to toll you.' Sho did not answer mo. ' Anna, darling 1 It is somothing that makes mo very, ypiy huppy, and I cannot Bleep without telling you?' Sho breathed quicker, and tho whito hand that lay ,in the moonlight clenched itself. ' Dou't be frightened, dear, It ig good, good new» lUayetvtellyau.:: _' Z~ ... No reply. The cheek on which mine rested turned a little away, but sho did not speak. 'Anna, Horace Leo loves mo. He has told me so !' . . She dashol li err elf out of my arms, turning so as to bury her face in tho-piliow, aud tbo moonlit hi.nd went up into tho black shadow around her head and stayed there. ' Why did you wake me, Margaret ? I was asleep. I was dreaming. I was so happy, and now you havo awakened mo, and I shall nover, never dream that dream again.' ' Anna, my pet, my child. I did not know you wore sleeping so saundly. I did not mean to disturb you. ' Don't cry, my dear, don't cry 1' For she was sobbing and moaning fretfully. ' Don't speak to me, Margaret, Get to rest. Say what you havo to say to morrow. I- 1 can't under stand you now. I 'am tired, and you have awakened mo, and I was dreaming pleasantly, and now my dream is gone !' She pushed me irritably from her. My heart felt very heavy. It was such a sudden chill after my. glow of joy and tenderness ! But with the habitual yielding to her, which was common to us all, I rose up from my knees and went to my own bed. ' I ought not to havo roused her,' 1 said to myself as I lay down. ' She was tired and sleepy, and she is such a child !' Once, T stretched out my hand to touch her, and as she remained perfectly still, I hoped she was sleeping. Gradually I grow drowsy, turn my eyus oiusuu, aim my ears lust, xiieir vigilance, and the sweetness of Horace's smile, as he had he'd me in his arms that day, with the dancing shadows of the leaves up.on his head, faded and faded, and melted away. But all night long, at intervals, I had an uneasy sense of disquietude and restlessness, and a fancy that some anc was moving about the room. .Once I dreamed that Anna was pacing up and down, her bare feet pattering lightly hut distinctly on the polished floor. But when I started, and sat up and looked around, everything was still, aud I could hear no footstep, and the moon had set, and it was very dark. (To be continued.) 