METROPOLITAN SPRING RACE MEETING. (From yesterday a Herald ) THE DERBY DAY. ine opening day wss a great sucsess lbe weather was nae, the course in good condition, and tbe attend- ance large, Ibere vter& seven starters for tbe Trial Stakes six for tbe Derby St Ledger Handicap, sis for the Derby, four for the Innkeepers' Stakes onel ten for the Epsom Han- dicap Warwick,-Tbe Gif, and Bulgimbar were the only horses bsoked for the trial Stakes, Warwick being tbe most fancied. Tbe race wag a good one, but just be- fore tbe finish Ashworth let ont his horse and took <he "yellow ond black" upon Warwiok to the front, and thus accorded victory No 1 to Mr. Tait fbe next race on the oard, the Derby St. Leger Han- dicap, was regarded as a oartaiuty either for lim Whifller or Varroville, as Quinero was reported to ha\e gone wrong, and it was prottv generally behoved that nothing else in the race could pace with lim Whifller except Varroville, who was as yet untried Gulnare, however, appears to have recovered in a most surprising manner, ai she went to the front on the fall of the flag kept 11 front to the finish, and was, in fact, never asked to race At the end of tho first mile und a quarter, Gul- nare, with lim Wbiffier about two lengths in I or rear, ran clean away from the remaining horses, and at the finish there could not have been less than thirty lengths between the sacond and third horses The result of this mea took almost everyone by surprise, not excepting the owner of the winner, who believed that he bad no chance for it, seeing that the filly had gone lame and been a weekin the stable with only one canter, and that on Friday morning. Tim Wh filer r«n a gime horse in this race, and but for the crusher that ha had on bis back-8¿t 131bs to Gulnare's 7at slbs - ho must have won it. With 7st. 4lbs. in the Metrópoli tan btakes Handicap on Thursday next, be may b3 in a different position, and certainly the fliers willha-te to travel fast, or the cheqno lor tbe big prize will go to Mr DeMestre. rhenexteventwas the great race of tie day, the Derby, for which Fishhook and The Barb have been first and second favourites eier ginee the last Autumn mooting Of tbe performances of Tishbook and Bude light at the last Autumn meeting not one word need be said here, as it is in the recollection ot all who take an interest in racing that, with equal weights, they ran ngnt away from all the horses of the some year that they met, and that Fishhook was then made first fivou ita for the Derby at an absurdly Bhort price This position be maintained up to the start the odds then b»mg on bira instead of against him , but while the majority thought that Bishbook must win not a few trusted their money to The Barb, and v, aited in confidence the resolt They were not disappointed, for the little horse pulled oft the " Bina iiibbon" cleverly, and the thunder of applause tbat burst from the croud as I he Borb pwd the post expressed moro forcibly than words could do the goodwill which the patrons of tbe turf entertain fur Mr Tait The colt was well ridden by young Stanlej -the rider of "Volunteer when he won the Mayor's Cup twelve months ago-but he was never oalled upon to race The boy left bis spurs at home, and he might ha^e left his whip also, for the Hook never pushed him at any put of the raos, and as for Budelight, he was emphatically nowhere from the lime tho flig was dropped until the enthusiastic cheers from the pcop'e on tho stand and the thousands that lined the oourse told of the victory of Tho Barb Another round of cheers waB given for Tho Barb m he returned to the enclosure, and another as he left the weighing 3 ard after weigh- ing in. A bine ribbon-the insignia of the great race he had won- was tied round the oolt's neck, and he was Iel in triumph round the yard Doubtless a considerable majority of the people who witnessed the race were grati- fied at seeing a New South Wales horse win, but had Mr Filgate been successful be would have been moat warmly congratulated and even now not a few attribute the favourite's defeat to want of condi- tion To appearance he was the perfection ot form, but when he returned to the Baddlmg paddock after the race it wis very evident that his trainer had not sucoeeded m getting him into the highest state of whioh he is oapablo We should not be giving credit to whom crodit is due if wo omitted to direct special attention to the running of Bylong Eis owner deseives all the credit that springs from the fact of his having defeated the son of the prest fisherman , and Mr Dee the breeder of bo h lhe Barb and Bylong, ought to feel proud of his suocess in breeding such cilts It is somerhat not coable that the winners of the first three raoes were all by Sir Hercules The Innkeepers' Stakes was a gift to old Birmingham, who led all the way from start to finish The ter- mination ot the last race ot the day was by far the best oi the fire Half-a do/en of the horses were all in a al in tar, and it was impossible to see from lhe stand in what positions the first fonr stood. Bracel°t and Rspidan finished with a dead boat, while Dundee and Orphan, less than half a length from the heads of the first pair, wero almost neck and neck for third plaoe It was evident that Bracelet oonld have won the race if he had been pressed, bat his jookoy, believing that ho had the rao* in hand, at least so far as the favor- ite-Dundee-was concerned, allowed lîapidan to come up on the inside and so finish with a dead beat, whoreas it he had given his horse a cut with the whip three or four strides from the post he must have won it at leist by a neck, or perhaps by half a length Rarely is a handicapper so fortunate as Mr Lackey vas on this oooanon, in bringing the horses home almost within a head of each other Iheie was anothei good race in running off the dead heat, and a second dead heat was narrowlj escaped Bracelet was «lightly in front when the flag «as lowered but he allowed Rapidan to out out the running, with the hope, evidently,of collaring him in the run in- Ih s howover, was not to be, and Mr De Mestro s horse pulled offthe prize by a head Wo have onlv to add that the officials perfoimed their duties to the satisfaction of all ooncerned, and that there wero no sooiúents, disputes, or protests to mai the en- joyment of the day A moro detailed account of the racing is appended First Hace-The Irial Stake« of 4 sovs eaob, with 40 «ovB added for 3 yrs and upwards which bavo not won a pnz» exceeding 50 sovs. in value up to time of entrance, 1J mile Mr J Tait 3 oh g Warwick G yrs, Ost elba (Ashworth) 1 A Mackellar ¡ n li Bulgimbar 4 5 ra Sst 1'lbs (Holmes) 2 A Bowinau s c1 g I Maritana 4 yrs Sst 71bs (Bishop) 8 Thomas Ivory a b g Wild Dayrell 4 yrs Sst »lbs faleenson s br g Cooramin C yrs 9st Abs W V» inch s bl 1 Olga 3\ ra Cst 131bs J De Glouetta b g filo 61ft 6 yrs 9st albs Betting flvou money on Warwick, 2 to 1 against The Gift, 5 to 2 agaiuBt Bulgimbar, 10 to 1 against any other. A very good start was effected Oooramin and The Gift going to the tront immediate]} upon the fail of the flag while Bulgimbar irai the last to got away At tho Bocks tarn Cooramill was Icadiug with lhe Gift about a length in his rear, and two lengths behind lhe Gilt was the favourite with Vi iii Day rell and Maritana in close attendance, and Olga hopelessly in the rear At the baok ot tho oourso The Gift went up to Oooramin and [passed lum, and immediately nftei wards Wir« 10k also oallared and passed Cooramin Just before reaching tho Derby Corner, Bulgimbar wa8 taken alongside ot War »10k, and for a hundred yarda the threo were all together Warwick, however, went to the front as they were entering the straight running, and oame up the course at a spanking pace, hard held Bulgimbar was two lengths behind Warwick at th0 finish, and Maritana fonr or five lcnglhs bein id bim, de foating The Gift for third place, lim , 2 rain 1SJ soo. S oond Hace -The Derby St Ledger Handioip of 200 sovs (from the fund), added to a sweepstake of 10 snvs 0 ich tor acceptors h f , for horses nominat- ed m either the Australian Derby of 1805, or fct Leger of 18C6 2 miles, seooud horse 40 sovs from tho piizo 29 subscribers Mr O I ee s eli f Gulnare 7st 5 lbs (W George) 1 I Uc Mestro sbc flirt Whifller 8st 131bs (Stone) 2 W Iownabf Ludia 8st Jibs (Cavanagh) a Ii Kicliardsbf, Littlo Tobin Sat 31bs Judge Clieuke ill t \arroville st albs Jolm Lee s bl c Buccaneer 7at 71bs Betting 0to4 against lim Whiffbr, 2 to 1 agunst Varroville, 5 to 1 agaiuBt any other. Whon the horses diow up for the Btart Tim Wlnffler became very restless, and broke away from the rest, causing tome 4el*y At length a tolerablo line WOB lormed, the flag fell, and the lot dashed off Ludia and Varroville gottmg the worst of it Befoie a hundred yards had been travelled over, Gulnare was in front, with Little Bobin second, the favourite third, Buccaneer fourth, and the two fillies fifth aid sixth Ibis order was maintained np to the Derby corner, and into tho straight running. In pasBing the stand Gulnare had a strong leid, Tim Whifller lying se- cond, Little Bobin third, Yarrovillo fourth Bucoaneer fifth, and Ludia last After passing the Books turn tbe , favourite Bbook off the horses that bad up to that point . been in close attendance, and at the back of the oourse j the gap between lum and the ruck widened at every | stride Ho now essayed to reach Gulnare, whom he was overhauling faBt, he reached her girths es they passed the trainers' s'and, but could not gat in tront, as the filly was well in hand and had lots of run nmg lett At the distance post Stone pulled out his r whip and plied it vigorously in vain, the 22 lbs dif I fereuce in the weights told its tale, and the little mare ' came home on easy winner by two lengths, untouohed hy ' whip or spur. Ludia wag between twenty and thirty ] lengths behiod Tim Wbiffier, Bucoaneer was fourth, Little j Robin hftb, and Varroville last Tuno, 3 minutes 45 1 seoonds j Third Race-The (Australian) Derby Stakes of 30 J sovereigns each b ft., for 3 years, colts, 8 st ( 10 lb filheB, 8 Bt 5 lbs The second to receive CO ( sovereigns out of the stakes, li mile 35 subs Í Mr J Tait s bl c The Barb Sst 101b (Stanley) 1 1 John Let s ch c Bylong 8st 101b (Cane) 2 1 II Ushers be I ishhook 8st 101b (Morrison) 3 1 T Ivory abre Blair Athol Sst ICibs I Judge Checke » br c Sir Jolm 8st lolb I I 11 lieber s b c Budelight, Sst lolbs ' j Betting Eren on Fishhook, 5 to 4 against the Barb, 5 to I against Bylong, IO to 1 against any other. The flag fell to an excellent »»tart, and so close vero they for the first hundred yards that it iras impossible to see what iras leading. When they passed the distance post the first time, they bad settled down into their places, and in passing the ttand the Barb was leading, with Blair Athol second, Mr John third, Bylong fourth, the faTOunte fifth, and Budelight last In this order they passed the Rocks turn, and raced towards the Denison turo, «hera Bylong ran into third place, Sir John falling off Fishhook noir began to make play, and be very soon improved his position, having passed Sir John, and immediately afterwards Bylong. Wheo opposite the new Btand, and approiohing the Derby corner, Ihe Barb bad a lead of a length, Blair Athol still lying second, and the Hook close up. bo the) came on into the straight t nnmng, when the favourite made a futile effort to reach Mr Tait'scolt. He passed Blair Athol, however, but was immediately after- wards collared by Bylong, who boat him bj a length for second place, The Barb being about three lengtba m front of Bylong Blair Athol wtsfonrth, Budelight fifth, and Sir John last. The Barb pulled of! the great priza without being asked to race from start to finish- indeed, tie mile and a half spin was but a canter for bim. Time, 2 minnies 485 seconds. Fourth Race -The innkeepers' Stakes of 7 sovereigns each, with 70 sovereigns added, for three years and upward, which have not won a prize exceeding 10O sovereigns in value up to the time of entrance, a winner of snoh a prize thereafter to carry 3lbs. extra maidens at Btorting allowed dibs , If mile; second horse to recen e H sovereigns out ot the prize. Mr Geo Waldron s b g Birmingham, aged, Oat 10 lbs (Donn eil j) I E De Mcstre s gr g Jamberoo C years, Ost lOlbs (J Stone) 2 L riannery s b g Quadrant 0 years 9 t lOibs (1 lan nery) 3 John Kennedy s bl li Don Juan G years Ost 131bs Betting iMen on Birmingham, 2 to 1 against any other. fhisraceis easily described. Ihe favourite jumped off with a strong lead, was never oaught, and won the race hard held. Jamberoo ran seoond and QuadranS third throughout, the latter bung about six lengths behind Jamberoo at the fn isb, who was four lengths in rear of tLe winner Don Juan had not tha ghost of a chance from the start. Time, ? minutes 21J teoonds. Fifth Race -The Epsom Handicap of 5 sovereigns each ; h. ft , with 50 sovereigns added , for S j ears and upwards, lmile, second horso IO sovereigns from the prize. Sir L De Mestrcs bg Rapidan 0 yrs, 7 .st 10 Iba} (Macallütor)f 1 John SeatU a junior, br g Bracelet, aged, 8st (Cauc)f 2 dead heal ) Cluudo na elie Dundee, S yrs, Ost 21bs . (Driscoll) 3 George Waldron a eli g Orphan 5 yrs 7st Ubi Blaricltn s gr li Albert G yrs , Cst 71b W ParnelPsbf I leur de Lis S yrs , Cst 121b E Lee s oh K Hamlet, aged 8 t 1 M Doyle 8 eli g Marcus aged "st Gib W Wlnchsbg ¡satellite aged 7at iib A Bowman 3 gr f Maritana, 4 yrs "st Betting 2 to 1 against Dundee, 2 to 1 againsB Bracelet, 3 to 1 against Albert, S to I against any other. There waB a good deal of difficulty in getting the borsea together for the start in this race. At the first attempt Marcus asd Hamlet broke away, and the former ran a considerable distance before he could bs induced to toko his place at the starting point. At length something like a line was formed, and the horses were sent away, but the Btart was a very bad one The leading horses were lengths away before the reuimnder started , Albert, who was supposed to hare a good chance for it, being the most unfortunate of all. We are informed, however, that his bad start was owing m a great measure to the man who held him holding him after the flag was lowered. Hamlet got the best of it at the start, and he made the most of it for the firBt couple of hundred yards. Bracelet was second, Dandee third, and the rnok inmiedi. a tel y is the raar. Bracelet gradually overhauled Hamlet, and Dundee closed up also, so that in passing tho Darby Corner tbo three were all together B acelet eventually showed in fro it, and ho came np tho straight running with a lead of a length , at the distance post a rush waa made bj the whole of the horses immediately behind, and before Cane could put on the steam, boing evidently under the impression that he had the ruco m band, Rapidan, Dundee and several others wera upon lim, tbe former and Bracelet finishing with a dead beat Dundee was third by half a length, and Orphan was so close upon him that it was impossible to Bee from the Stand nbicbhadtbe advantage. It was the finest finish that we have Been at Randwick for many a day, and it may be long before we look npon its like again. The heat was run off about halí-nn hour afterwards. Rapidan led all the way from tbe post, and won by a head Both jockeys using tho whip fiora tha distance post This terminated the da j's sports, and immediately after ivnrds there WIB a rush made homeanrds " 