TOPICS OP THE DAY. A new writ has been issued for the election of a member for the Burra, in consequence of die resigna tion of Mr. G. W. Cole. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Central Road Board was held on Tuesday last A large amount of business was done, and the Board adjourned. The Rev. Samuel Annear will deliver a lecture this evening in Mr. Maughan's Church, Franklin-street, ou " Reminiscences of Life and Travels in Western Africa." The House of Assembly, on Tuesday after noon, postponed the further consideration of die new Constitution Bill, and devoted the afternoon to Supply and the consideration of die Treasurer's financial state ment. Messrs. Alexander Brothers will give a fare well performance in the Town Hall this evening, when they will exhibit their dissolving views. A great attraction is promised in the shape of a ghost, which will, doubtless, draw a large attendance. The principal case in the Police Court on Tuesday was that of Thomas Sharp, a boy of about 14 or 15 years of age, who was charged with having com mitted an assault, whilst under anus, on Archibald Campbell, with intent to rob him, and which was remanded till Friday next. A man was fined 40a. and costs for furious riding in a public place, and a woman was mulcted in a small penalty for aptw"H?nz a child. The following are the particulars of mails dispatched per contract packet, September 29: -London via Marseilles—4 boxes, 2,034 (including 31 registered) letters, 398 papers. London via Southampton —73 boxes, 9,750 (including 184 registered) letters, 11,281 papers. India, China, Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Mediterranean Ports—42 mails,' 550 (including 3 registered) letters, C 64 papers. Western Australia.— 4 mails, 391 (including 1 registered) letters, 257 papers, On Tuesday night, about 10 o'clock, a young man named Edward Cox, a saddler, was passing near St. Luke's Church, Whitmore-square, on his way home, when a man having bis face disguised called after him twice to stop, but on the young nun refusing to do bo, tiie fellow can after him and caught hold of his coat, tote it, and snapped a pistol at the young nan, who ran away, and was followed for about lOOyaids in the direction of Wright-street by die would-be robber. who, however, did not succeed in overtaking him. Another daring case of sticking-up occurred on Tuesday night, October 2. It appeals that two young men named Richard Appfedore and Chute Ma were {assing through Tavistock-street about twenty ' minutes past 8 o'clock, when they were ■topped by a short man armed with pistols, who ordered them to stand end deliver. This happened just before a, shower ' of rain feU, when there was a strong wind with dust blowing, the night bong intensely daric While the ruffian was (along Ides watch, Appledore made a bolt and escaped, when the robber find at him, the ball passing through bis belt and injuring him seriously but not dangerously. A person standing at the door of bis house in Rundle-street heard the report of this pistol ' and saw the flash, and ran to the spot, but of course ; too late to see anything of the footpad. The wounded man was conveyed to Dr. Moore's house, where the 1 doctor attended him, and after a short tune atatoathat l he might be taken home, and he was accordingly driven to his own house in a cab. Whether the police have any clue to the identity of the perpetrator of this out- j • rage we are unable to say. j In our advertising columns will be seen an apjieal of our German fellow-colouiiits for subscriptions , in aid of the sufferers of either of the contending parties by the Pnisso-Anstrian war. We hope this appeal will be cordially and liberally responded to, and L that, independently of the claims of humanity, such an opiwrtunity will not be lost of showing the sympathy ' of Britons with those who have become their fcllow i colonists, and who have always liberally contributed ! towards the relief of Her Majesty's subjects, whether in Ireland, Lancashire, or India. In tiie Supreme Court ou Tuesday morning _ the first case called was Macdonald v. Galbraith. The case was one for £200 upon a bill. His Honor refused \- to receive evidence ou the pleas, on the ground that this being |>oitiou of a partnership account the pleas must be tried before a Court of Equity rather than a Court of Law. He therefore directed the Jury to re . turn a verdict for the plaintiff. The Jury, after a short , deliberation, returned into Court with the following verdict: —" The Jury were unanimously agreed that > the bill for £200 was purely an accommodation bill for the benefit of the plaintiff, and therefore give a verdict for the defendant." In the case of Dean v. Long, £300 damages were claimed for the breach of the covenants ; of a lease, and £50 damages were given for the plaintiff. The Court will sit again this morning, when White v. Harwood will come on. A Salisbury correspondent say : —" Hie depu tation just now visiting the colony on behalf of tlie British and Foreign Bible Society held their first meet , ing on Monday evening, at Salisbury ; Dr. Fisher (the Treasurer) occupied the chair. The Secretary (the 1 Rev. J. R. Ferguson) read the annual report, from ! which it appears that this branch of the South Aus tralian Auxiliary has increased its last year's contribu tions by one hundred per cent, the sum realised this . year being £30. This augmentation in a year which , has been characterised so much by depression in busi ness, says not a little for the eneqgy and system with I which IMb branch is worked. If the Rev. Dr. Tucker \- and Mr. Slatyer meet with the like encouragement in the different places they visit they will have good 1 reason to go away highly gratified with their success. < The meeting was addressed long and interestingly by L both these gentlemen, and also by the Rev. Messrs. Simmons and Cole. Votes expressive of the thanks of > the meeting to the deputaion, the Chairman, and Col ■ lectors brought the proceedings to a dose." ' A meeting of the Committee of the Horticul [ tural and Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Anns, Rundle-street, ou Tuesday afternoon, October 1 2. There were present Messrs. F. S. C. Driffield (in the chair), J. Roweil, J. Curuow, Hanssen, J. Steer, Max Weidenbach, K. Smith, O. Lines, J. T. Cray, Hodgkiss, and Hackett, A vote of tliaiA-a was accorded \- to Dr. Schomburgk, Director of the Botanic Gardens, i for bis kindness in contributing so handsomely towards the late Show. The Chairman announced that the 1 Society had in hand the sum of £17 18s. Cd. after ' paying off all liabilities. On the motion of Mr. E. . tsuoitii it was resolved that all the prize money should be§paid. A vote of thanks was then passed to the Committee of Management and to the Judges for their services. It was also resolved that the next Show should be held on an early day in November, in the Town Hall, and the following gentlemen were appointed ' as a Sub-Couunittee to revise the prize list, viz. : — f Messrs. E. Smith, F. S. C. Driffield, Weidenbach, ! Rowell, and Gray. The Committee then adjourned for ' a week. The following is a comparative statement of transactions in the Lands Titles Office for the month of I September:— ; 1605. IB6C. ■ Applications 104 06 i Transfers 178 143 Mortgages 135 150 Leases 27 22 ! Transfer mortgages 4 4 i Discharges SI Ct Power of attorney 2 — Caveats 4 3 Encumbrances — 2 Transfer of leases 1 5 Surrender of leases 1 3 Trusts 2 — , licences .. 1 — ■ Transmissions ... 5 3 | Withdrawal caveat 2 3 Total 517 465 Fees of Office £008 12*. £495 1U Value of landbrought under \- tiie Act £113,976 £35,670 The quarterly soiree of the Catholic Young Men's Society took place on Tuesday evening, October 1 2, in St Francis Xavier's HalL There was a very large attendance, the spacious Hall being completely crowded. His Lordship, the Right Rev. Dr. ShieL Bishop of Adelaide, presided. A few minutes after 8 o'clock the proceedings were commenced by the Amateur Christy's Minstrel Company singing " The Gipsies' Chorus" from the "Bohemian Girl." after which followed "Is that mother bending o'er me," "The 'Coon Hunt," " Dear mother, I'll come home again," "Tapioca," and the celebrated "Anvil Chorus," all of which were very well given, die latter especially. The Chairman then, in a very few words, introduced the lecturer, Mr. J. G. Daly, who apologised for not being able to deliver the lecture which was an nouneed ou the programme, as he had not had tame to prepare it, because the notice which had been given him was very short, and he was only an emergency - man on that occasion, having been called upon to take the place of Mr. Peake. He would, therefore, ' read to them a lecture which he had given on his ' first arrival in the colony, about three years ago. It was called "Reminiscences of Life in British North 1 America"—(applause)—and he must ask their pardon if it was found to be dry and tedious; but if so it would 1 have one good effect—it would form a contra account to the excellent musical entertainment which had been provided for them, and a portion of which they had ; heacd. He then proceeded to read bis lecture, in which he gave a short description of Halifax, and of > the sports and pastimes of the inhabitants, including hunting, skating, &c;, in winter, and salmon fishing in ' summer; after which he passed on to speak of Prince 1 Edward's Island and New Brunswick, and gave a 1 humorous description of a day's trout fishing, in which he and a friend were engaged in an indiarubber boat on ' one of the rivers. He also described the Indian mode \- of trout-fishing and the dexterity which they displayed • at it The lecturer also referred to the cities of j : Windsor, AnapDUs, and St. John's, which was the principal city of New Brunswick, and gave a brief description of each. He also spoke of a remarkable phenomenon for which the Bay of Fuudy was celebrated, . aud concluded the first part of bis lecture by a brief j reference to the celebrated men which New Brunswick ' had produced, and of which he said the country had just reason to be proud. The Amateur Christy's < were next again called upon to fulfil their portion of ; the programme, and the quartette " Foresters sound the cheerful horn," the cavatina "Come into the garden, Maud," a solo on the English concertina on Irish airs, a duet "The Moon has raised her lamp above," the balladi" Bonnie Kate," and the soldiers' chorus from Faust, were performed by the members of the Com pany amidst frequent tokens of approval. Mr. J. G. Daly then resumed bis lecture, in which he spoke of Canada, Quebec, and other places of interest, and gave a glowing description of the magnificent scenery which abounded and met the eye at every point on the noble , river St. Lawrence. He also gave an interesting description of the various amusements, which were indulged in by the inhabitants during the winter season, when tie ground was covered with snow, aud the country, he said, presented a lovely and most beau tiful appearance. Mr. Daly briefly referred to the oil wells of America, and the Falls of Niagta, spoke of the visits paid by the Prince of Wales and Prince . Alfred to Canada, and concluded a most inte resting lecture by remarking that although persons spent a great deal in finding a home in the land of their forefathers, they had still many things which should make them thankful that they had adopted such a ■ country as this, and of being able to make it then home. Tue lecturer resumed his seat amiAt^. consider able applause. The remainder of the programme con : sisted of comic sketches by the " gentlemen with the black faces," viz., "Dancing Mad," " The Nigger Paea -1 ninni," and the laughable sketch made so well known by the Christy's, entitled "The Smart Boy." The Rev. Father Smyth proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Daly ; forhis very interesting lecture. Mr. E.J. Peake, S.M., seconded, and in doing so said he had also to thank Mr. Daly for so kindly and willingly taking his part. Mr. ' Daly having responded, Dr. Backhaiu, in very flatter ing terms, proposed a vote of tiianks to the Amateur . Christy's Minstrels, and complimented diem upon then good singing. He then called for three cheers for the , sable vocalists, which call was madily complied ! with. The compliment having been adraowiodged, Mr. J. D. Woods proposed, and Mi. Daly seoonded, a vote of thanks to His Lordship Dr. Shiel for presiding on that ' occasion. The Chairman responded, and in doing so : remarked that he hoped it would not be die only ooea \- don he should have die pleasure of being aumngrttbem. t A most successful and well got up evening* «■*«*«■). 1 ment was brought to a close about a quarter-past II I o'clock by die Amateur Christy's performing die plan ' tation walk-around "Home to Dixie," aud die National Anthem. I ' — > The Cube Mbeithc : Ebehtum.—ln our report of I die tramway meeting at Clare a portion of Mr. I lumber's speech appears in die name of Dr. Davies. . The doctor was not present, and what was attributed to him was spoken by Mr. Kiuiber, who, in die course \ of his speech, quoted a remark made by Dr. Davies. Our printer, by mistake, supposed that ?r, Diviea m 