THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ASSEMBLY. Eighth Day.-Thursday, Nov. 22. The assembly met; pursuant to adjourn- ment, and was constituted. THE FREE CHURCH UNION. Mr. W. M. Bell, an elder of the Synod of the Free Presbyterian Church, one of those who had accepted the basis of union with the Presbyterian Church of Victoria recently adopted, was introduced to the assembly by the Rev. Dr. Cairns, and cordially welcomed. MINISTERS' FUND. The Rev. A. J. Campbell, convener of the committee having the management of the fund for bringing out ministers from the home country to this colony, gave in his report, which was adopted. The committee was enjoined to use every exertion to carry out the recommendation of the commission with regard to the general collection, to clear off the deficiency in the fund. INSURANCE OF CHURCH PROPERTY. A report brought up by the Rev. A. J. Campbell from a committee on this subject, was adopted. The committee was re-ap- pointed, and instructed to issue a strong recommendation to all trustees of church property and boards of management, to see that they were secured by an adequate insurance and further, to consider the propriety of the church becoming the insurer of its own property. The committee to report to the next assembly. VISITATION OF PASTORAL DISTRICTS. The Rev. P. Simpson, convener, brought up the following report of the committee on visitation of pastoral districts: " The committee have carried on their operations this year amid difficulties and dis- couragements. After correspondence with presbyteries and settlers in the country, in order to at certain what districts most urgently required the visitation of the assem- bly's deputies, it was found the following districts were destitute of the ministrations of the Gospel, viz. The Avoca, the Loddon, the Upper Murray, Wagga Wagga, Urana and Yanko, the Lower Edward and Murray, the Lachlan, Lake Wallan, and Guichen Bay. Efforts were at once put forth to secure ministers for the mission, and funds to defray the expenses incurred in both cases, however, with but very limited success. The early date of the meeting of the General Assembly, and the somewhat later period of the sheep- shearing season, rendered it more than usually inconvenient for the brethren to leave their own districts. Besides, bb the vacancies in the church decrease, and new charges are formed, those districts which are left as the field of this committee's operations are only the more remote to which journey rug is more laborious, and occupies longer time. The deputies who actually went forth on the work are-Rev. J. Ballantyne, Upper Murray ; Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, Urana and Yanko ; Rev. H. McKail, the Avoca ; Rev. P. Simpson, Lower Avoca, Murray, and Loddon. The Rev. P. Mercer, of Deniliquin, and the Rev. J. Robertson, of Wangaratta, also extended their visitation beyond their own district, and preached in neighbouring stations. Rev. J, M ¡Eh supplied the place of one of the deputies, who went to a more remote country. The committee have not yet received a report from all the deputies, but so far as they can judge, it has been found, as in former years, that the visitations of this mission are both much needed and much prized. In some cases the Gospel of Christ has not been preached at stations, and even in whole districts, since the visitation of last year. Every- where a most cordial welcome was afforded. Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, who made an extensive tour in Urana district, and preached at eighteen stations to about 460 hearers, especially refers to the warm reception he met with, and the interest manifested in the services he conducted. He has reported to the Home Mission the state of the district as now ready to be organised into a separate charge. The Avoca district also has, by the visit of your deputy, been revived, and is now prepared to receive a minister. The committee very much regret that no minister could be found to undertake a journey to the more distant countries, the Lachlan, &c.; The necessities of these districts are great indeed. There our countrymen are living almost universally without the ordinances of religion at all. No minister of Christ goes among them reminding them that this is not their rest; no Sabbath service interrupts the too frequent unbroken course of worldly work ; the people, too, are settling down in this way of living, and habits are being formed most hurtful now, which it will be hard afterwards to deal with and overcome. The committee suggest it as well worthy of the consideration of the Assembly whether it might not be well to appoint a minister of the church to make a journey of say three or six months among those far-away regions, where the sound of the, Gospel is never heard. The expenses of the mission, it was proposed, should be defrayed in the same manner as was done last year. Accordingly, the convener issued circulars to settlers in the country, setting forth the service already rendered, and requesting subscriptions in aid of the funds. A very limited response has been made to the appeal; and whereas the expenses of the year's visitation, as far as may be, will not be less than £70, the subscriptions received amount only to £45. The treasurer, however (Mr. Wilson, of Walmer), with characteristic liberality, requests the committee to announce to the assembly that no debt shall be charged against the fund." The report was received, the thanks of the assembly were conveyed to the committee, and especially Us convener, as well as to the ministers who had been engaged in the work of pastoral visitation. The assembly uke recorded its grateful acknowledgement of the valuable services and marked liberality of Mr. 0. Wilson, the treasurer of the committee. WIDOWS AND ORPHANS FUND. The Rev. D. Macdonald presented the report of a committee on the above fund, which was adopted. Certain amendments on the rules for the administration of the fund were adopted as an ad interim rule, and re- mitted to the presbyteries. An overture from the Presbytery of Geelong, on the constitution of the fund, was remitted to the Presbyteries to report to the next assembly. INFIRM MINISTERS' FUND. Regulations for the administration of the above fund were submitted by the Rev. T. M Fraser, and approved, with some amendments. THE HOME MISSION. On the motion of the Rev. J. Nish, seconded by the Rev. D. Macdonald, the Home Mission Committee was authorised to open up communications with the English agents relative to the supply of ministers for this colony, and to request them to take active steps to send out ministers as soon as possible. THE CHRISTIAN REVIEW AND MESSENGER." The Rev. J. W. Inglis, convener, submitted the report of the committee on the above periodical for 1865 06, which was as follows:- "Your committee, in presenting their report, are grateful that on the whole it is one of progress. Immediately after the meeting of the last assembly your committee issued a circular to the various ministers of our church, intimating the fact of the Rev. J. Oswald Dykes having, at the request of the General Assembly, accepted the editorship of the Review, and urging upon them increased efforts to extend its circulation. At the end of six months, finding that this appeal, though in part successful, had not met with the response looked for, your committee selected a few congregations, and endeavoured to secure in each a member who would make it a special duty to interest the people in the Review, and thus extend its usefulness. Wherever this plan was properly carried out it was found to work well, the number of subscribers in each case being largely increased. In a return furnished by the publishers in the beginning of October, the number of copies disposed of is given as 2,002. This is a considerable increase upon the circulation of the previous year, and in the aggregate may appear large ; but when the return is examined it will be found that in the majority of instances the number of subscribers is not in proportion to the position and importance of the congregations, nor such as from the character of the Review we have a right to expect. Your committee have pleasure in referring to a practice adopted by several members of our congrega- tions in squatting districts, that of placing a copy of the Review monthly in every hut on their stations. Your committee have reason to believe that these are read with interest by the men residing there, and who can tell what good results may arise therefrom, the bread thus cast upon the waters being found many days hence? As to the manner in which the Review has been conducted during the past year, but little need be said. It has met with almost universal approval. Your committee feel, however, that they would fail in their duty alike to the assembly and to themselves, did they not gratefully acknowledge the pains be stowed by the editor on his work, and express their admiration of the zeal and ability with which that work has been prosecuted. It is therefore with deep regret that your committee have now to report that Mr. De kes has intimated to them his intention of resigning the editorship at the close of the present year. As to the future, your committee would respectfully urge upon the assembly the duty of increased effort _ to enlarge the field of usefulness upon which the Review has entered and would especially commend the two modes already indicated, viz, that in each congregation one should be selected to interest the people in the Review, and receive the names of subscribers, and that in the pastoral districts the squatters should be urged to follow the good example already set them, of placing a copy in every but on their stations. they would claim the special help of the brethren in com- mending the Review to the people of their congregations, and in seeking the blessing of Almighty God upon it, believing that the diffusion of a sound literature among the people is, under God, one of the most efficacious means of festering and increasing that righteousness which alone truly exalteth any nation." Mr. Inglis said arrangements had been made with the Revs. Dr. Cairns, J. Ballantyne, D. Macdonald, T. M. Fraser, W. Henderson, and J. S. Moir, for a supply of leading articles. The Rev. D. Fraser expressed his dissatisfaction with the course the Review had pursued, in recommending almost fulsomely a book which was far from sound, and one which many held to be highly dangerous. The Rev. Mr. Inglis presumed that Mr. Fraser referred to the review on "Ecce Homo," which appeared in the pages of the Renitw. He could only remark that if a reply which came up to the required literary standard of the Review had been sent, it would have been inserted. The report was adopted, and a cordial vote of thanks passed to the Rev. J. W. Inglis, for his valuable services in connexion with the periodical, on the motion of the Rev. D. Macdonald, seconded by the Rev. J. K. McMillan. Some business of a routine character terminated the work of the session. The Moderator briefly addressed the assembly, congratulating the members on the conclusion of the business, and thanking them for the forbearance he had received at their hands. The proceedings closed with prayer. PUBLIC MEETING. A public meeting was held last evening, at the Scots Church, Collins street east, in connexion with the schemes of the Presbyterian Church. The moderator of the assembly, which has just concluded its sittings, the Rev. A. D. Kininmont, presided. The proceedings having been opened by the audience joining together in singing the 100th Psalm, the moderator engaged in prayer. The anthem, " Lord, for thy tender mercy's sake," was then sung, and at its conclusion the Moderator addressed the meeting. He said that in referring to the just concluded sittings of the assembly, he had to thank the brethren, both lay and clorical.forthecourtasy which had lightened the labours and difficulties of the moderator's chair. There had been a gratifying spirit of urbanity displayed during the late church meetings, and even where diversity of opinion did exist, there had been no violation of Christian charity and harmony. The church was rapidly increasing in strength and numbers, and this, while a theme of congratulation, should also act as an incentive to further exertions in the cause of evangelisation. Where there has been need to administer church discipline, it has been administered. This was a painful duty, but its administration was a proof that they were alive to the highest interests of the church. He would refer to a perhaps more pleasant matter when he spoke of the recent additions to the church from without her borders. Three congregations of the Free Church of Scotland had become virtually connected with the general body here. This was a presage of the day that was assuredly coming, when all the Presbyterians in Victoria shall be united in one strong, common church. (Applause.) An anthem having been sung, Dr. Cairns addressed the meeting, " on the power of the pulpit." He said one of the current topics was, " that the pulpit has lost its power. He would ask, could this be true? Could it be possible that of all existing in- strumentalities for the improvement of society, this one, the best and the greatest, should alone decline, should lose its virtue, prove itself un- equal to its task, and sink under the contempt of an intelligent, discerning, and appreciative community ? Surely this was only a popular fallacy, one of those hallucinations which occasionally mark the infirmity of a mind when it is most confident in its wisdom. (Applause) In order to help to clear up the question, he would ask what the pulpit is, and what is its office, design, and work? The pulpit is designed for the preaching of the Word and the sending forth of the heaven given message, and the preacher of the Gospel is one commissioned by the Lord Jesus. He is one of God's gifts to the church, and a right royal gift. Whatever gifts of mind and culture a preacher might have he must be God sent ; all other qualifications are subordinate to this one. A minister of this kind has received a message, and he is given the power to till it in his Master's name He is armed with a magical power that will draw hearts and win souTh and break open the strongholds of vice and Bin. (Cheers.) A pulpit thus filled, and having God's bless- ing resting upon it, need never fear to lose its power. But the pulpit when most powerful has often been most despised. Never, except in the case of Our Lord, was there a more eloquent, successful, and daring preacher of the Gospel than Paul ; yet had read reflec- tion was, You see your calling, brethren, how not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble are called." When the church of Scotland was at its lowest spiritual ebb, there was no talk of the pulpits decay. Then ministers were the bosom friends of David Hume, and the church was in close alliance with the theatre. Then the church assembly actually suspended its sittings for one day to enable the ministers to visit the theatre ; but the church was thin talented, worldly, and popular with the world. The truth is that the pulpit must not look to men for favour or reward or help, but to God, " from whence cometh her aid." (Applause.) While ministers are self-denying, bold, and indefatigable in the great work of publishing God's message, the power of the pulpit will never fall. (Loud applause ). He feared nothing more than an regenerated men intruding themselves into the office of preacher of the Gospel-who preached an accommodating message, suited to the tastes and failings of a worldly audience. Let us beware of a church constituted thus It will be like Samson shorn of his locks, without virtue and without strength. Though like the court preachers of that sensual great man of his times, Louis XIV., the elim cb. may bask in the smiles of the world, and be hail fellow well met with the profligate and the sinner, it will be barren of blessing, and it will indeed have lost its power. (Cheers.) The speaker concluded his address by exhorting his hearers to supplicate by earnest prayer that God would send chosen men, full of power and the Holy Ghost, and prepared to bless the church and the people. The solo, "With verdure clad," and the anthem, "Eternal mansions," were then sung. The Moderator stated that the services of the Rev. Mr. Dykes in connexion with the theological class had been secured for another year. The Rev. Mr. Dykes then delivered a long address on Systematic Benevolence." He said that while Dr. Cairns had spoken eloquently of the power of the pulpit, he would speak of the power of the pulpit and the pew. (Hear, hear.) For there was a power of the new as well as a power of the pulpit. And the two are so intimately connected, that there cannot be full news without active ministry. If an intelligent individual could be supposed to have slept for the last thirty years, and, Rip van Winkle like, to have awakened now, he would be surprised at the changes of every sort that had been effected during his protracted slumber. There have been effected changes of thought and feeling, almost as startling as the change that has been wrought upon this colony in that period. The changes in England extend very deeply. They have touched the thoughts and beliefs of men as well as the parties into which thinking men are divided. But there is one change which the intelligent sleeper would be sure to observe, and that is, the change which has come over the religious thought of England, as exemplified specially in the change effected in the practical working of the church. Thirty years or, there was a general apathy and IietlcEsness ; now all is energy and activity. Then it was thought that the work of the church was not the work of the whole church, but of a particular section of it. Many present would remember that the prevalent feeling of thirty years ago was, that the church was an institution where a certain class were duly qualified and duly paid for conducting public worship, and performing the other necessary religious offices. Provided this class, the ministry, did this decently and in order, and provided the people lived quietly, soberly, and honestly, there was an end of the business. But the prevalent idea in all Evangelical churches now is, that in the church there should be no idle member. For the work which Christ has left to be done is not the work of this class or the other class, but the work to be engaged in, heart and soul, with energy and activity, as well as sympathy and prayerful ness, by all portions of the church, lay and clerical. (Cheers.) This consciousness has been forced upon the church by her finding herself abreast with a work which cannot otherwise be done, than by the rising tide of spiritual life within her borders. (Hear, hear.) In trying to solve this problem, viz., how to grapple with the irreligion within her own borders, and retain her people in loyalty to Christ, the church has been driven to find its only solution to the question in the truth, that the work cannot be done by the pulpit alone, but by the pulpit aided by the pew. (" Hear, hear," and cheers.) In a book (Ecce Homo), which although marred by grave blemishes, yet contained passages of beauty and power, there is a most admirable statement of the whole question of a church's duty. According to this book, Christ intended his church to be a society in which the work of all its members was this-not only to alleviate human misery everywhere, but to edify all men by bringing them in contact with Christian truth. (Hear, hear.) Another publication-one of the most powerful of the home monthlies puts the question, " Can a man engaged in the busy London life find time for works of benevolence and mercy ?" and, answering it in the affirmative, shows that the busiest life can not only find money, but had time, to work in the cause of Christian philanthropy. The colony of Victoria is young, but it seems to have arrived at a time when her pulpits and her news must consider how their united power may be best brought to bear upon the needs cities of her people. For the last thirty years almost the colonists have been seeking nothing higher than to conquer the land from barrenness and secure daily bread. He knew how difficult and gradual the operation was of fusing the elements of a chaotic society under the ameliorating influences of religion and education. But now, something more than this must be done. (Cheers.) Though this was a new country, there were several aspects of its society that struck him as full of ill-omen, and caused him not a little surprise. There was a large, and, he feared, not a diminishing, clubs, who, not from want of work or ability to work, but from far more discreditable causes, were sinking into a condition of degradation, ignorance, barbarism, and penury, as bad us anything he had ever seen in the old country. (Hear, hear.) This is not a pretty sight in a new country like this. (Cheers.) They are already practically beyond your pale, they enter not your churches, they hear not your ministers. This is a thing that the church must face. The lecturer then referred to two other classes, almost equally outside the circle of religious influences with the one named- the rich pleasure-seeking money spending class, and the large class of operatives and workmen who never attend church. A great united, and sustained effort he maintained was needed to operate on these classes. It was useless to say the ministers must do it their work at present is hard enough. He would ask, where were the labourers to come from? and would answer, from the pews. (Cheers) Let church members set before themselves a high standard of living be examples in their circle of truth, consistency, and benevolence, and they will surely create that engine which is only second to the pulpit in its potency-an enlightened public opinion, (Cheers.) The elders of the church he found was not so much understood and encouraged here as at home. This was a great evil, for a godly, enlightened body of fathers in the church were the main- stay of a working pastor. He was aware that many gentlemen who held aloof from the office did so from possibly the best of motives, but many others again allowed questions of liking and convenience to intervene. Having dwelt on the superior efficacy of the " aggressive missionary labour " of a working congregation among the population in its midst, as compared with be called " city missions" and other institutions, the speaker proceeded to offer a few remarks upon charity or giving. He said that asking man for only money seemed a dry and heartless affair for a man to give nothing else was to make his gift pitiless, cold, and lifeless. He would rather not have that man's money, and, speaking with all due reverence, he believed his Master would rather not. (Cheers.) First get men's hearts interested in the work to be done, and the money will come readily enough. That man who has gone into the chamber of the hungry, and broken the bread of mercy among them, knows the work to be done, and will give money and time to do it. (Loud applause.) Some people are always talking of the givings of congregations. One would suppose that the church was composed of three classes-the man who sat in the pulpit and got the money, the people who collected it, and the people who paid it. (Laughter.) Having devoted a few observations to the discussion of the method of charity, in which many useful hints were thrown out to the benevolently disposed, the preacher concluded his interesting address by forcibly pointing out the duty of the wealthy to consider themselves as stewards of their substance. He did not want uncheerful giving. What he wanted was the inclination to give equal to the level of the duty, for by as much as there was a deficiency between the two, by so much was the Christian character of the man deficient in fulness and grace. (Loud cheers.) The duet and chorus, "Hail, Judea,"having been sung, a collection was taken. The Rev. P. Simeon then delivered a few remarks upon missions, and the proceedings were brought to a close by the moderator pronouncing the benediction. There was a good attendance. 