CURRENT TOPICS. A lecture will be delivered this evening in the Central Wesleyan school-room, by Mr E. De Balk, on Oxygen. Although primarily intended to benefit the members of the Wesleyan Religions and Literary Association, the public generally will be admitted at a low charge. . The lecture will be illustrated by a number of experi- ments. The Rev. James Bickford will preside. The subject is one, which if ably treated, affords a fund of instruction of an important and yet a pleasing nature. A preliminary meeting was held at the Gheringhap street schoolroom last eveu ing,- when steps were taken for the forma tion of a7 young men's mutual improve ment society, on,-a new and certainly improved system, Inasmuch as it is not to be sectarian, and is for the improve ment of its members both morally and physically. It is proposed to establish a library,' a reading room, and also a gym nastic class- Dramatic readings will also form a portion of the pursuits which are to be. followed. There was, considering it was merely a preliminary meeting, a very fair attendance. Mr Hall occupied the chair, and those present formed them selves into a committee aud drew up a code of rules, which will ba submitted to a general meeting, which is'to be held in a few days. The earnestness displayed by the members, augurs well for the future prosperity of the club. It was intimated, yesterday, that a com petition; business, in the butcher's line, wiil be commenced on Saturday, when meat will be offered at figures below the rates ruling in the market at the present time-3 . It wiil be seen from a letter in another column, that the Rev. Andrew Love has definitely declined to come forward as a candidate for the Legislative Council, at the approaching, or any other, election. A brisk trade is beiug done in Barwon Park rabbits, which are now in splendid condition. A consignment of over one hundred couples, reached town last night, and the display made hy Mr G. Hiscox was a magnificent one, the animals beiug unusually fat and plump. The greater portion were packed up and forwarded to Melbourne and Ballarat, where they meet with a ready sale. It is not a pleasant thing to have to complain of the maimer in which tile sauitory arrangements of the town are carried out, hut really we think the sewerage of Goeiong is anything but what it ought to be. Ho town iu the colony possesses such natural advantages for a complete system of drainage, but the advantages are not availed of. Stagnant water in the channels of the streets is the rulo and not the exception. Ouo would have thought that the recent rains would have remedied thia evil, but never would a greater mistake have been made. If the chairman of the Health Committee or anybody else doubts this statement, we would recommend them not to go any further than Moorabool street, the prin cipal thoroughfare in town, and at its intersection with Little Malop-street West they will find what their nasal irgaiis will not 'appreciate. The Govern-1 rneut Inspector who strolled about Gee long a short time since, and reported so Favorably of its sanatory condition, might be in vited to make one of the' party. \ In the absence of opposition, Mr Kolfe's chances of success , in liis candidature of the South-Western Province grow apace. A. meeting of gentlemen interested in the election was held on Wednesday evening at the Back's Head hotel, Ballarat, for the purpose of making'arrangenients for con testing the election. Mr M'Dowall occu pied the chair. There was a large atten dance, about forty persons being present. MrRolfe entered into a brief exposition of bis views ou some of the leading ques tions at present before the country ; after which the meeting unanimously resolved to support him, and formed itself into a committee for that purpose, with power to add to its number. - : One of the subjects for consideration at the next Town Council meeting, which is to be held on Tuesday, will be the framing of an address to His Excellency the Governor, and the appointment of a depu tation to present it. This course wiil probably be pursued by all the Borough and Shire Councils atid Koad Boards throughout the colony. On Wednesday evening the second series of " Penny Headings" took place at Highton, the locale having been changed to the Sunday School, in the Yalley Koad, that being a more central point, aud the room was well filled, the number preseut amounting to between seventy and eighty. The cbair was occupied by Mr Adcock, and the readings were by Mr Bryant, from Dombey and Son, "The Death of Litllo Paul;" by Mr Chambers, from Bulwer's Lady of Lyons ; and by Mr Belcher, and other volunteers, In every case, the passages were rendered with judgment and taste, and they won from the audieuce the mo3t marked approval. On Wednesday next the third meeting will be he'd in the same building, and as the local talent will be supplemented by assistance from the tr.wn,anotherebarmiiig evening may be confidently anticipated. It is pleasing to note the perseverance displayed by the members "of the Corio Gymnastic Club. Not an evening passes but that the room is well filled with be lievers in' the doctrine of muscular Chris tianity. The approaches to the room arc still in a muddy, sloppy condition, but the matter we understand is about to be taken in hand by the Town Council, who will probably compel the owners of the adjoining property to put the lane in. a proper state of repair, or will have it done at their expense. This will be a step in the right direction, as every encourage ment ought to be given to clubs like the Gymnaatic.Ciub, as they not only tend to the improvement of young men in a phy sical sense, but also in their moral habits, by affording them a healthy recreation instead of compelling them, as it were, to frequent stifling billiard rooms, to the great detriment of both health and their pockets. The Key. Mr Goodman acknowledges the receipt from various friends o{~£2 14s fur the purpose of giving a treat to the 150 infants and 17 monitresses of the In dustrial School. A box of oranges was sent ou Saturday last for the children's Sunday dessert. This was a first instal ment. The rev. gentleman- hopes to be placed, by further contributions, in a position to give what these little onc3 will consider a good treat. The boy-eleuient at the Penny Headings though manageable when these entertaiu ments were commenced, threatens to be a troublesome item. It is intended in the Christ Church arrangements to carry out the rule which forbids the admission of children without their parents. At the next meeting of the Comunn oa Feinne Society the advisability-of holding the usual yearly educational examination will be fully discussed. It would appear that, although the society has been put to great expense by these examinations, they have uiet with little encouragement from the teachers, who seem to be a most lethargic class of people. We would recommend them to become members of the society, and by their votes ensure a continuance of these excellent tests of the capabilities of the rising generation. The first consignment of smoked kan garoo hams from Air Niffnecker's shooting party was received a few days ago by their agent, Mr M. Burke, produce mer chant, AloorabooL street, who retails the smoked haras at sixpence per pound, and the green at the low price of threepence per lb. "AVe have tasted one of the smoked, and hare found it very palatable, in fact a nice change from beef and mut ton, and mutton and beef. It had been boiled just like an ordinary ham, and retained a slight favor of the smoking which added to its relish. The meat was not stringy, as we bad been led to believe it would be, and possessed about the same consistency as corned beef ; it was, however, rather darker in color. AlrNiff necker, in opening up this new industry, Has conferred a benefit on his fellow colo nists, especially upon the poor classes, who he thus enables to procure a sub stantial meal at a very small outlay. He recommends that the following system in cooking should he followed, although we differ with him in one respect, aud that is the use of the gridiron in lieu of the fry ing pan. Cut the smoked ham into slices, which steep in boiling water for say five minutes, and then Iry them. The green hams he states are most palatable when boiled. ' .A correspondent supplies us with the following : — A numerously attended meeting of the residents of Anakie and the surrounding district, who are interested in the 20-acre system, was held in the Anakie Common School-room at five o'clock p.m, on Wednesday, loth instant. Mr Murphy, who .was called to the chair, briefly explained the object of the ineet ing, .namely—To devise some means to expedite the survey of land applied for under the 42nd section. It appears that applications" recommended by the com mission at Stieglitz some four -months since are of no use, iu consequence of the coutract surveyor not making a survey. It was ultimately decided that a depu tation, consisting of Messrs Murdoch and Murphy, should wait on Mr Moore, dis trict surveyor, on Saturday next, concern ing the matter. After ..the usual vote of thanks to the chairman the meeting separated." ' The entries of exhibits for the ensuing local exhibition at Ballarat, says the Star, are coining in rapidly, and there is no doubt that the exhibition will comprise a very large and varied collection of manu factures. The number of exhibits already entered is about one hundred, and half as many more is fully expected. Mr Mor row has been appointed assistant secre tary of the committee;, the secretarial duties having so increased of late as to render it necessary for Mr Hugbau to have that assistance. The committee of the Bendigo Me chanics' Institute are bent upon improv ing the minds of their subscribers. .No less than eleven different classes are to be opened forthwith, for the instruction of those who join them in Geometry, Greek, Latin, Froucli, English, Composition, Elocution, Arithmetic, Book- keeping, Commercial style of Hand-writiug, and Drawing. A man named James Warden was brought up before the bench of mag's trutes at Betidigo, on Wednesday, on a curious aud most absurd charge. He was accused of stealing a bucket full of water from the borough council. As a matter of course the bench dismissed the case. Mr Martley, says the Advertiser, raised a legal objection that there was no itatute ia existence which made it a "elony to take or carry away water. Mr Hartley said it would likely prove a dear hop of water to the mayor atul borough touncil, when Mr Warden brought an iction against them for false imprison neut. In making an application for the •estitution of the bucket aud the water to ;he defendant—which had been taken possession of by the police—be suggested that tbey_ should be brought into court and the water poured over the head of the town clerk, in order to cool his im petuosity in rushing into such illegal acts. The subjoined story, told by the War renheip' correspondent of the Ballarat Star, appears to refer to a " novel in dustry " of a kind that does not require the grant of land for its encouragement: "For Warreuheip has been reserved the ■good fortune of producing the first veri table ghost, and the story runs thus. In the vicinity of Magill's and Goghlau's brewery lives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name betokens, of the Emerald Isle, who, for some" ' deed done in his days,' is now tormented by a spirit of the other world which makes its presence known by constantly lighting the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must be thoroughly burnt out j and no matter how many candles may bo burning, or where placed, if they are all extinguished they will by som& mysterious agency be again lighted in the twinking of a bed post, ■ as wo say in Ireland. Several people have visited the scene and all come away cxclaimiug " Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw." Sir Fahey in his extremity started yesterday to .consult the divines of his church in whose " backward mat ters of dissevering power" lie places most implicit faith, and who no doubt have given him some good advice which he wisely.keeps: to himself. I have not yet visited the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to morrow I purpose satisfying myself when, no, doubt, I shall be able to render a good account of his ghostship. The latest to hand is that last night the candlestick took a fit and jumped off the table on to the floor and back again." The rapid strides with which the Murray trade is advancing may be gathered from the following description taken from the Riverine Herald, of a shipping incident at the inland port of Echuca "The old Riverine, so well known in connection with Messrs Duncan and Bower, has, as onr readers are aware, degenerated into a barge. Well and favorably as she was known,she lias been replaced by another " Riverine," ■ built by those gentlemen, which will, it is hoped, eclipse the repu tation of the old boat. She was launched at the building yard jnst above the patent slip, on Monday, in the presence of a number of ladies and gentlemen, and was appropriately enough named after her predecessor. She is an exceedingly beau tiful model, and promises to be one of the fastest of the fleet. The Riverine Herald reports—"The river has risen very rapidly at Echnca siuce onr last, the cause being attribut able to tbe waters of the Goulbnrn. Tbero are prospects of a continued rise, for thero has not yet been time for tbe flood to get down from Wabgunyab. The Murray is rising rapidly there too, a telegram stating that nine feet above summer level is shown upon the gauge. We may look for some time to come for increasing activity amongst the steam fleet. The height shown upon the gauge at Echuca has been— Saturday, 15 feet 8 inches ; Sunday, 15 feet 10 inches; Monday, 16 feet 2 inches ; Tuesday, 17 feet 2 inches. A disease in pigs has become very rife at Portland. In alluding to the subject, the Western Times states :—" We are sorry to learn that some complaint is very rife amongst the pigs in this locality, and an idea is entertained that they are suf fering, as cattle and horses have done, from pleuro-pneumonia. Several case3 have been reported to us during the past week of pigs dyiug with all the symptoms attending this scourge." A day or two ago (says the Mount Alexauder Mail) as Mr Millau, of Camp bell's Creek, was opening the gizzard of a f twl, he made the discovery that it con tained a nugget of gold j-oz in weight. The bird had been for some time runmnp about Mr Millan's paddock^ in whichmin-. ing i3 now going on. The only business transacted at the Newtown and Chilwell Police Court yes terday, was the postponement of a small debt case. Messrs Champion and Robert son, were the magistrates in attendance. The business of the central police office, yesterday, comprised the fining of one drunkard. At the weekly meeting of the Council cf the Melbourne Acclimatisation Society held on Tuesday, some important business was transacted. A letter was read from Mr George M'Leay, promising to soon send out a shipment of lobsters and crabs, stating that the reason why he had not previously sent them was his absence from England. A letter from Sir Charles Nicholson was read, regretting that he had not been able to send the gazelles, which he had promised on the supposition that he was about to return to Australia through Asia Minor andthoPersian Gulf. Sir Charles, however, places his ser vices unreservedly at the disposal of the council. A letter from the Anglers' Pro tection Society •• was read, requesting the council to take some steps to secure some trout ova for this colony. The secretary was directed to reply that this had been done, and that the first portion of the ova might be expected here in a few days. Surely our local society should secure some of the trout ova for an experiment on the waters of the Barwon. 