RECEPTION AND PROFESSION OF SISTERS OF MERCY. The religious ceremonies of reception and profession were performed yesterday with the impressive solemnity peculiar to the Roman Catholic Church, in the chapel of the Nichol- son-street convent. The Right Rev. Bishop Goold, was the celebrant, and the clergy in attendance wero the Rev. Fathers Lentaigne, S.J., Barry, Finn, O'Driscoll, England, Corbett, and O'Meara. There were two candidates for admission, the one for reception receiving the white veil, and the other for profession, after a two years' novi- tiate, the black veil. The services commenced at ten o'clock, by which hour the chapel was crowded with visitors, present by invitation from the mother superior and community. The ceremony of reception was first per- formed. At the appointed hour a procession was formed, the members bearing lighted tapers, and the novice elect having received the superioress's blessing and the name she was to receive in religion, was conducted to the sanctuary steps, the choir singing the hymn, " O Gloriosa." Prayers set apart for the purpose were then read, and the bishop blessed the wax candle. The novice elect was next conducted to the altar, where kneeling she received the candle from the bishop as an emblem of the inward light to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error. Having answered the queries as to her voluntary acceptance of the holy habit, fitness for the office, and determination to persevere in it to her life's end, according to the formula, her secular dress was removed during tho singing of psalms and devotional motetts. The bishop blessed the new habit, sprinkling the veil with holy water, and fur- ther prayers were recited for the cleansing of the postulant. The novice received the cincture from the bishop at the altar, and was girded with it by the superioress. The celebrant then placed the blessed veil on her head, as the emblem of inward purity, and it was fastened on by the superioress, who also habited her in the church cloak. The novice then uttered a formal renonciation of the world, and at the end of the Quem Vidi, chanted by the choir, prostrated herself before the altar, remaining prone until the conclu- sion of the services, when the bishop sprinkled her with holy water, and she arose and embraced the other members of the order present. The services incident to the rite of profession followed. The black veil and ring were blessed at the altar by the bishop. The second novice was interrogated according to the appointed form, and solemn mass was said. The novice then received from the mother assistant the act of profession, which she pronounced, while the bishop elevated the sacrament, and then signed, receiving after- wards the Holy Communion. The inter- vening prayers and psalms having been read and sung, the newly professed received the black veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, and kneeled to the bishop, who placed the blessed ring on the third finger of her left hand, saying, " May Jesus Christ, the son of the living God, who has now espoused thee, protect thee from all danger. Receive then the ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest be called the spouse of Christ, and if thou art faith- ful, be crowned with him for over." The newly professed responded, " I am espoused to Him whom the angels serve, and at whose beauty the sun and moon stand in wonder." The ceremony terminated with observances similar to those incident to the rite of reception. A brief sermon on the celebration was preached by the Rev. Father Lentaigoe, and the benediction being pro- nounced, all retired processionally, as they entered. The whole of the music was per- formed by the convent choir, under the direc- tion of Professor Hughes, and a Gregorian mass was very efficiently sung. After the religious services were over, the visitors par- took of an excellent dejeuner, served in the convent, about 100 persons sitting down to the repast. THE Supreme Government, It is said, is about to Interfere in the affairs of the ex King of Oude, which have fallen into great disorder. 