MURDER OF MR. HENRY KINDER. (From the 'Sydney Morning Herald/' Dec 7.) [Continued from our last.] Wednesday, 6tli. Harriett Ke.rr deposed ? I am a mar ried woman, and sister to Bertrnnd, the prisoner; I arrived from Melbourne a' o it six weeks h£0, and went to live Ht his house in Wynyard-sqiiare; nhrrtly alter I arrive ' be spoke ot Mrs Kinder, and said he wished to make tier his wife— that he wished a divorce from bis present wile; he said be was very much in love with this person, Ms Kinder; I said I was very much surprised, as in liU letters to me he suiti lie was living bappily witb liis wife ; I ur^ued with him, and said that after being married for th ee years he shoulil think of better things ; I only hud one conversation with him on thy subject ol the divorce; about a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morn ing, just before breakfast, bdiI before leaving my bedroom. Benraod came into my room whilst I was washing tbe baby, lie said, ' Stay a minute, I have something to say to'you ;' he told me to sit down on the fide ot the lied, and asked inn if I had read about tbe death ol' Kinder; I saiil I bail ; be paused a little and (lien said, ' Kinder ilid not e bout himself — be said I shot him ;' I replied, ' You must be road to say such n tiling ;' be said, ' No, I Hin not mad— I tell you I did suoot him;' I said, ' But Low cruel of you to do so/' and I put tov hands to my face; be pulled them (fown again; I was crying, and be said, ' Don't cry, I don't regret what I have dune;' he siiid Kinder was in hi* wav ; be find be wouM do the same thing to ant man who stood in bis way ; lie wanted iiih not lo t«-l| hi* wife what hf bad lolil me; I remember nothing elsH thai oc mured at iliar time; lie said he was jeulous ot Kinder, ami that be loved Airs. Kinder dearly ; when he said be shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and and that afterwards be tkrew the pistol tbat be sbot I nn witb into tbe babour ; be did not say to me that be put a card into Finder's band belore be sbot him ; I was told so, but not by Mrs. Ber trand ; wben 1 remonstrated with him, me— Kinder was going to (boot me, and bad bought a gun to do so ;' he did not lay from whom be heard that ; he said tbat it was well planned, and if it ever cane before tbe public they would not believe it ; be said, ' we planned it;' be said that more than himself' planned it; we did not mention Mrs. Kiuder's name in tbat conversa tion ; aitout lr.ee weeks after I had another conversation with uiin in tile dining-room ; his wile wa- present, hut she was asleep on the sofa ; she used tu sleep a great deal ; I thought it was not natural sometime*; it was more like stumor; he then entered into con vefra'ion about tbe divorce (rum bis wife.; be used to beat bis wife most brutally; this I observed whilst staying in fbe bouse; speakiug of tbe divorce, f told hi ji how wrong bin conduct was; dis treatment ot bis wife was every tiling that was ba-l, wicked, and cruel ; lie. attempted her hie two or three times wbil-t I was in thn bouse ; be said lie must marry Mrs Kinder; be said, ' I don't want to kill Jane,' meaning hi* wife, ' hut il I cannot get a divorce I shall get up an alul e y 0 ise with some respeatable married woman, ami then Jane can sue m- fir a divorce ;*' I aske i him why hedid not give up tun thought of marrying that woman ; he said he ooalu not give ber up ; I said ?' She inu»t be a bad woman, to be cognisant of the death of ber husband ; she could not make vou a trood wile:' I said she must be a bad woman ; he answered, ' Yes, I know she is a bad woman ;' be said tbat was why he must marry ber -because site was a wicked woman; he said he would make a second Lucre tia of ber ; he then paused, nod, lean - inif over me, whispered, ' Kinder did not die by tbe shot, we pmsuned him ; he said slie (pointing to bis wife on the sciIh) gave him ttie poison ; he 8«id the unison UMiilii never Iim iiwnnvpiwl. unit that be bad enough of poison in th 3 bouse to kill half the people in Sydney ; he said it was very likelv that before I went to Brisbane I should see hi-i wile's funeral; several times be has spoken about Kinder, about seeing bin ghost, and when he saw tbe color of liquors on tbe tnble, relerred to it ax liloo'l ; at one time be «aid be loved Mrs Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every ' iisft' «i urtM iwnv Infill ?-? un bU III IIIH l*TU. and that she was h devil's imp ; he also Saiii she was a clever woman ; one night be attempted ti murder bis wile, aVout a month ago ; I was in ilia house at the time ; he bad been out, and camt home at uhout 1 o'clock in tbe mornii^j he would never allow Mr* ue train a will of her own in the house ; s\\\e was very frightened of him; speaking o\e-ou-e subject- I cannot re ineuib r wh.t— Bertram! and his wife were talking, und she dared to argue with him, wuri htt got up in a very excited state, aM said her time ha' I come— that sIih mu, die; |le tuo|f U|,H stick with a sling n\ the end, called a liie-prtwerver, and sa,i he wanted to measure the exact spot ?vhere her brain was, so tbat lie could kill tier with one Mow; she said, '? Dont't tj|| me, yon prowisnil me on your woni,f honour that you would not kill me;' |IH then raised the stick tu strike, ami i inier lercil, plead*! that for his mothm'g, )Or the children's sake, for hII ib.. ir sd*i-Sl he would forbear ; ho told me not in look at him or speak tu hiir, and suit, ' Go out of tbe room or I will bruin you ; i weut out ol iiih room with tear and trembling, mv tonirii« cleaving to the roof of in y mouth ; I thought he would murder 'her; after I left the room be shut the door ; I managed io crawl to the top of tbe kitchen stairs; I whs so fa;nt I could not walk then ; I CHlled for Bridget, the servant, ami when she came up I said, Budget, there is something dreadful happening iu the parlour; whilst I was speaking to her the handle of tbe door was turned, and I got uii ro the fir-t land ing ot the stairs ; wbilst Bitting- there [ beard them paying something; my brother fluid, ' Now, June, I want von to go into the surgery,' and she aske.-J what for ; he said. ?? I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your lite and that you lioisoneil yonrselt »y your own hand ;' she said. '' No. J hIihII not write it ;' he said, ' I will make you ;' slin said ' You may pour the poi«on down my throat, hut I will not write anything : before the conversation began my bro ther had poured mt) out a little weak hrandy and water, nnd whilst I whs on the stHirs I heard biin eny to Jane, ' Drink tliHt,' meaning the'lirandy and water that lie. had poured out tor inn ; he said, ' Drink it up ;' she drank i-; Mrs Dertriini! tben canif nut, nmf we retired to our room l»r the night; Mrn Bxrtraml «n«i I slept together; glie slept with me (lie whole time I w«s there f.xcept one night ; there Wiig -h,-n h etrunirer, a lady visitor, in tbe bousn ; Mw Dartnuid, when she got into the room, sat down on a cbeir quite ex hausted, and, to my astonishment, fell fast asleep; I thought it was strange the should fall asleep so soun utter so exciting a scene; it was about ten minutes utter drinking the brandy nnd wmer; on two other occasions he. he leinptfd her lite; alter iIih first cunver satiou with mv Inn: her relittive lo tin death of Kinder, Mrs Uertrand axked me why I was louktng sn pale — wbiit was tbe matter witb me ; I said I bad beard something told by Henry tbat I could scarcely believe to be true ; fhe said, ' Wbat did be say to you V i said, he told me that he shot Mt Kinder ; I asked her is tbat true ? slie said, ' Yes;' tbib was in tbe dimng room; on the afternoon of tbe same day that my brother told me be had tihot Kinder, she raid, ' You kuow Henry and Mrs Kinder and' I were constantly visiting at the North Shore, and tbat, on one particular morning, Henry said, ' You must go over to the North Shore;' she said Henry bad often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder; in reference to shooting him, she one dav, in the parlour, warned Mrs.KinflVr hbmt thin, thar Berimm! wsb goiiiL', or had threatened, to kill bun; Mrs. Kin der mid, ''fell him your.-elf;' Mrs. Bertrand said, ' No — il it whs my hus band that was to he shot I thould tell him myself, an I think 1 bad a ri^bt to do it;' the reply was something to thai ehvet ; she said that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (Mrs. B-rtranfl) and ber husband were to be divorced in consequence ol :hie ; she said they were living a comfortless lite together, and were quite reconciled to the fiict of n divorce, shu being tiied ot the ill-treatment she was receiving; she then told me that, on one particular 'uorning, Bertmnd told her she was to iro over to the North Shore and take the baby and S»phy (the nurse girl); she did not wish to go tbat morning, because it wa-* raining, and the Iml.y would get wet ; he sid I she must go, mid tbe.v did go; she said she noticed tbai when Bfitrand cmne to tbe house (Kinder's) be seemed more serious ihiiu he tiHif heeD for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder; Mr. Bertram! was walking up i.nd down the room very fast; and she noticed tbat be kept his gloves on and one hand in liis pocket ; she said, I think, shortly alter. Bertrand and Kinder were talking about tbe business affairs of Kiuder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand; »he further said tbat Mrs. Kinder and herself were standing at die window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turnin ; round she saw Mr Kinder sitting in a chair and » phtol urop from his hand, and shw Bertrund place h pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe Irom tbe table; Mrs. Kinder Ian out --t the room ; Bertrund followed her with h loaded pistol, put it to her bend, unit siiid if she nid not go into the room he would b o.v ber brains out ; Mrs. Kin der came into the mum ; Bxrtrand then took bold of Mrs Bertrnnd's arm nnd imute. ber luce Mr. Ktmter; the told mt the blood was then tiWing from the wound, ami that flertmnd's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched ber arm so Imril tbat tbe murks were lelt for three weeks afterwards; be said, ' Now look at him— look at him well' — making ber look. ' I winh you al ways to see him before you ;' sbe sni(l ?hat after Kinder was shot they made ber (Mrs. B-urnnd) nurse and ntte.ud upon upon him; she said she wasdoinp all she could lor the sick man to remedy Mieeil her lius'mnd had done; Mrs Kinder mid Bertram! during tbe whole tune were anting in an improper man ner, snub as wulking up and down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists ; gome time after the shot was fired sbe was looking1 round the room nnd said she saw something lying against the wainscot, and found it to l»e a bullet flattened ; tsh« sail, 'Mr Henrand ran to me anu took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat, pocket, xaying, ' This is just what I wanted ;' ' ?he raid she had been attending upon Mr. Kinder, two or three days, when be was improving-; she said that Mr. Ber tmnd bad decided that be could not le.t Kinder live— that he must be poisoned: -he said Kinder seemed better, not so ??diriuiis nnd mo-e sensilile ; that Mrs Kinder went mi tu dim mid suid. 'Whv wei-« you fo cruel us to shoot yonr.-e|l f' he shjI, ' I did not shoot myself;' she shjiI subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced ber to mix the lioigon, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it ro bun ; that was what she said to me tbat I recollect ; I said I must leave tiie bouse alter wbat she ha I told me ; sue oeygen ot me not to do so, and said it I left tbe house she would lie murdered, as he would think 6lie had ud vised me to go and tell of these tilings, and so I remained ; I should have left on other oucusions, but mv lirolher woiiU not allow me to go ; be said he would not be such a fool ; when ( first came (hern I noticed some strange marks on Mrs Hertrand's back wbilst she whs dressing ; Uiey had all the nppearance of burns ur scalds, and speaking of them she said, Did you see these marks 1 1 mid vep. She said, ' Well, be thrashed me with her (Mr* Kinder'*) whip, and took nieces ol flesh nut.' and kIib tmiil rliin was because sun bad said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and «be also bad a black eve; she told me nlterwurds, in Mrs Kinder's presence, tbat be bad s-aUt,en |1Mf (\iw Qer. trand) witb a penknife, which peue trateil to the deptb tif »be blade ; nnd sbe showed me H pair of stays that wen saturated with, blood ; since *he made the confeseioa about the. illtreat ment, she said that Bertiand bud told her to OA very kind to Mr. B-llhou-e, and to allow him to kiss her, if neces Barv ; this he told her at night, alter Bellhouse, had left ; I wished her very lunch lo go to some umgismitx and cuiifeiSd what shu h-cd told me ; I siiid, ?? fl you do not, you will (war ib-- hlaine, and very likely lllis woman who Reserved it would }-et clear, whilst you might be hanged ;' sbe said, ' No, I would never be bung-, I would poison myselt ;' sbe refused to go to a ma gistrate; two or threo times I have said I would go, and would bring tbe police to tbe bouse ; she would not al low me to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad ; indeed. I believe tbat Benrand had told Defries tbat I was mad ; I told it to Defries, and utter that weal to Can tain M'Leire about the case ; I olten thought my brother was mad, from tbe w.iy be w«nt on ; Mr-. Bertrand on one occasion stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the bouse belore I came from Melbourne; sbe did not say how long Kinder was there, Bertrand al ways ill-treated her (Mrs Bertran :) ; that when Mrs Kinder wna away, he never attempted ber life ; she ulso said iliat Bertrand bad forced her (Mrs Be.rtrnnd) 'o sleep in the same room with Mrs Kinder und himself ; he took Mrs Kinder into Mrs Bertrand's bed, and lay down witb them both ; she said tbat Bertrand and Mrs Kinder hud licen fVennentlv alone in bed : one dav when we were alone alter dinner, Mrs Kinder urns kneeling down tyiug die dress of a little boy, when she said ' Yon see me in a very riisadvantagu oils circumstances ;' f said, ' 1 wonder how you dare to look at me or address me in my brother's absence ;' this was ail tbat was said, as same oue came to the room at the time ; Mrs Kinder shortly after weut away to B ithiirst. Cross- examined by Mr Roberts : I and my brother were not upon friendly terms Ht all times when I whs residing with him; it is not a tact that he, Ht some time, whilst I was residing with him, relused to assist me in pecuniary matters; 1-bave never quarrelled with him in consequence of his refusal to pur chase articles of wearing apparel Irom me ; I do not recollect saying to him *' you refuse to purchase things lor me, but pou spend money on Mrs Kinder;' f did not tell my brother I knew any thing -of tliK death ot Kinder, thar I h»d dreamed of his death, or of tbe wny in which it was drought about; no al lusion ol die kind was inmle ; after (prisoner told me that he had shoe Kin ?ler, I inijilit have related to him ttwt my sister (Mrs Bright, ot Melbourne), on reading tbe report in the IJemM, had said how silly it was to lend pin tols to u man who had threatened to shoot himself; Bertrand never told me i hat he bad lent Kinder the pistol; the remark arose out of the report in the paper; I said that I olten thought mv in-other was mad from the way in which he went on ; I did not say tlmt Dairies sum so ; 1 liave salt! to Mr Uelnes tluti f thought my brother must be n I u un- tie, or be could not have done and sui-i what he had; when my brother men ttoneil tbe circumstance first be said that be bad shot him ; my brother was calm »t the. time be said so; he, liiil not say that Kinder died; he merely said tlmt he batt sbot biin ; my lirotber might Uave used the wo--d die in many conversations, hut be did not use it in die first; he often stated tlmt people lielieved that Kinder bad dieil by his ?fwn hand; in one conversation he ( I Sertrand) leaned over to me, and said th it be did nut die by the shut ; that conversation took place about three or four weeks ago ; Ht the time that Ber trand stated tbat to me I thuugbt that Mrs Ber'mnd was asleep; site wan in u kind of stupor; 6li« used to go off into rhose sleeps that would last some hours; Bertrand asked me not to mention to liis wife that be bad raid lie had shot Kinder; I mentioned to bis wife that lie said to me that before I left for Brisbane, which I was then sh rllv litiout to tlo, that I sbouUI see Mrs Ber trand's funeral ; tbat was three weeks lifter Mrs Bertrnnd told me tbat jiri Boner had shot Kinder; in one conver sation he told me that deceased did not die by tbe shot but that ' we puisoned him ; ' all that conversation took pUce on the vame night ; I did not speak to Mrs Bettrand about it tbe same niglir as the conversation took place atahou' half-past 10 o'clock, and Mrs Bertrand was so drowsy that I could nut talk to her; I cannot swear that it was the next morning that I spoke to Mrs Ber trand ubout what her husband had said ; 1 always told her what Bertram! said ; I wished to protect Mrs Bertrand ; in fact, that was wbat I stayed in the house tor, and I must also say that. I stayed partly for fear ot ray lite; wben e«er 1 tried to shelter Mrs Bertrand in any way, ber husband always seemed to have some revenge Rsrainst me: --ven if Mrs Bermmil only took a furk up at tbe table, and lie told ber not tu do so, it would give offence, and it I said any thing- in Mrs Bertrand's favor he would show bis siiitti at me ; we wer« alway* in dread of our lives ; in fact, I had not a moment's (teacR in the bouse since I heard of the murder ; my brother did not appear anxious to get me out of i he house, hut quite the contrary, and wben f wan'ed to fa he always hindered me; I'e always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was bis favorite sister; although be professed fondness for me hedid not show it by his manner; he was otte.n very eccentric; ©von in gap ing lie would iinifatn the roar of a tiger, bad done it in tbe street ; he always prolessed to have an idea that be could mesmerist) people; on one oooaiion, when we wer« spending the evening at Mr Defries', Bertrand acted in a very eccentric mHDuer nil -be night: be put liis fingers tip to Us head to make horns, and be caid b» was iIih devil ; he said he could call ii|i Kinder's ghost in tliHroom; of coinw I did not expect that he could do smih a thing, but the horror «.l kuowing wlmt I did affected me, nnl I went into hysteric ; Ber trand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased did not die by the sb«t, but that ' we poi soned him ;' I believe Bertram) was a wmperate man ; from all that I have observed, be w»»; wben he said, ' wo poisoned him,' I did not question him about it; be said be gave Kinder the noison. or that be bad a poison tbat could not be detected ; subsequently, Bertruod said, that the poison iw gav« Kinder, or tbat be (Bertrund) bad, could not tie detected; I understood him at first, when he said ' we,' that it was not Bertrand alone who had poi soned him ; from bis language after wards, I inferred that Bertrand himself had poisnneil deceased ; Bertrand did not say that lie bad poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder find poison ; I will swear that lt» did no1 sav tbat be {rave. Kinder the poison himself, be said ? we' gave ii to liiiu, und be said wbilrt Mrs B rtrand was alsenp on tbe sola, a nd. puin'ing to Her, ' »nn sue mix a i ; be did nut tell me that bis wil- k tew whether it was poison or uot ; I have no duulit that Mrs Bertrmd was asleep when h« pointed to 'ler ; from what hesitid, Mrs Bertram!, I should con elude, might be innocent, and notlmve known 'bat it was she inixrid ; be did not sny tUnt be compelled bis wite to ?nix tlis poison; I have, generally a goml recollection, but I have gone through fl gieat deal lately ; 1 remem tier all 'bat was sidd by Mr and Mr. Bertntnd hIiikii Kinder because it Wh-- of a nature that I could not easily for ar«r it ; all Airs Bertrand said tome about my brother I can remember ; I did not say to Mrs Bertrand, ' Mi Kinder did not die by tbe shot— he whs poisoned ;' when I spoke ro Mrs Bertrand, and mentoned 'bat ber hue bam! had pointed to ber and 6aid ' S jc mi ied it,' Mrs Bertrand got up and stamped on tbe floor, and said ' hu's a linr;' tbat was tbe same morning, or tbe morning after that Mr Bnrirand had spoken about ber mixing thp poison ; I have not stated ibis before to-day ; it escaped my recollection ; previously to this Mrs Be.rirand. bad told me that she bad mixed tbe poison ; I did not know what to believe ; I I could not understand it ; I am not -»ininjr up what Bertrand said with wliat Mrs IWtmn.l »uid; she had previously told inn that sbe hud mixed the poison because ber husband cum pelted her ; I did not say unvthiiifr when Mrs Bertrand stamped her toot und said ' He's a liar ;'' I w«s astounded, nnd I did not like to speak to ber, —I did not know what to say: 1 will swear that I did not say ' Well, I'll tell Henry wbHf you say ;' I won't swear that she sni I ' ll«'s a liar, nnd I'll tell him so;' the words ' I'll tell him so/' might have bet-n said, and have, escaped my recollection ; I posi lively swear that I did not say to Mie UertraDil, ' For God's sake don't, lor be tola me nut to tell yon' when sbe ??aid ' He's a liar ; my brother did not ' implore' me. be only ' asked' me not to tell his wile that he had told me that Urt luul glint Kinder ; 1 did tell her what he said ; there was an interval ol three weeks between the two conver sations in which Bertram! told me (hat he. had shot Kinder and when he toll me that he. had poisoned him; 1 could no: have mentioned doth conversations to Mrs Ben i and ut the skme time ; 1 never beard Mrs Bertrand speak in unkind terms olKindir, but quite the. other way ; she. nlways spoko in very kind terms ol Kiuder : she never said -' 1 whs present at the poisjning of Kinder;1 .Mrs Bertram! said that she turned round when sbe saw the pisol fulling from the bunds of Kinier; she inight have said that she lained after wards; sliu related tilings hat oc curred shortly after Kinder *as shut, nnd sbe therefore could not lave been long unconscious, supposing she had tainted ; Mrs Bertram! menioned to me, by way of complaint, tfjit on one occasion Mrs Kinder slept intbesiime bed with B-rtmnd and bhtelf; she said that B-rtmnd made her le in bed : that Mrs Kinder tben came iiHnd that they had improper intercourse; on an other occasion she ami thut'Jie woul.i not stay in bed, und llut ratlw tbau do bo she took a mattress and sltit on the Hour ; 1 heard that Bertrund Wanted bis wife to write down on a pieci of paper that sbe was tired of her lile and that she bad taken poison; she efused to do bo ; at another time, Mrs Bertnnd told me that ber husband wiaed her to go and buy sTychnine, anil tbat she refused to go; Mrs Bertram said she would not be suck a lool, fcrl that il he wanted it, be cuuld wri' it down and send fur it ; this was alff Kinder's death, and while I was staW in the house; Bertrund often teldire, at that timB. tW be had a great mni to mur der Mrs Bertrand, and sav' fiat I had done it; I know tbat Mh Beitraud Iihs been to tbe Inspecto-Gentral's office, and give intbrmutinhrespect ng this matter; I never saw M( BertrHnd iater'we in bur husu»nt1'»,-u8ine88 as to thn poisons used, anil alar as I am aware she had no knowledge poisons; after [ told her what my grottier bad said. I told her that she tirht to tell what she. knew to a majtrate that if flie ditl not oonfess, v*f likely the woman who ought to lieaf; would *-s- ca.-e, and sbe (Mrs Bertrid) would b« hanged; she said, 'Heiould not be hanged -she bad nothing to tear — ab.e I hud done no wrong ;' Mrs Be.rtrand as I well as n'y brother told me that Kinder K whs pui-oue.l; she said, 'Henry forced fj her tu mix the poison, and Mrs Kiuder fj gave it him;'' she never told me lorE what purpose it was mixed, und that H she knew lor wlut purpose it whs in-B tended ? By Mr Robberds— In the con versa- I tions I have spoken about in evidence I to-day. Mrs Kinder was not present B By Mr Butler— Wben I spoke of I not being on friendly terms witb my ? brother, I mean to say I differed with H biin as to tbe course be took with re- fl gard to Mrs Kinder, and what he M w«oted to do in the matter. || Mary Agnes Rubertsun was recalled Q and examiued; after widcb, tbe further Kj bearing wus adjourned till next day M Mr Huberts again applied that Mrs I Bertraud might be allowed bail, but it I was refused. I (To be continued.) I 