ssiscELi^an'sr, THE C&.D Red RAe.-.The statistics of European wars show us that the French, who ure clad in bine, suffered a greater loss in pro portion than the British, \vho wore red, when under fire. Au old Peninsular officpr, whose ]ettcr is before us, mentions.-* When our }.;eht company, and the,company of the 60th (green), attached to bur brigade, were skirmishing on the same ground (agaiost the enemy), the latter lo3t"mnre men than we did, although composed chiefly of Germans, who are proverbially cautious skirmishers. This is an important subject. I saw at the battle , of yitforis the wonderful afieet of the impos ing appearance of the Britfish line on the enemy. After they had been driven from *heir position and completely scattered, many glorious-attempts were made by their offipira to rally thetn on some Jieights behind the ridge on which our line was advancing". It became anobject with the officer commanding the.light companies, which were-scattered in pursuit, to get themarranged for the attack of a column which formed on one of those heights at some distance in our front, and thus became a rallying point to the thousands who were *NA fr°m the ridge in helpless confusion. Before we had a sufficient number of the pursuers collected to attack this formidable column it broke and bolted, its soldiers dis appearing among the raJng mobs who-threw away their arms and fled towards the Pyrenees. While wondering what had caused so sudden a panic among men who, but a moment before, seemed ready to adhere until death to their officers, we-the skirmishers-looked back to the ridge and saw a sight which Iyshall never forget. The whole British line crowned the mountains, from wing to wing, looking like a wall of fire, their bayonets glittered in the sun, as they moved steadily, silently, and presenting a glorious picture of power and order. This sight it was which struck the enemy to th»* heart, and made him fly from his new position in sudden panic. No army, although double the number, if clad in sombre uniform, could ever make such an appearance, or produced such an effect as this." We-have had the pleasure of knowing more than one brave veteran officer, who treasured- affec tionately " the old red rag," in whi^x he had followed Picton, Grahame, or the Iron Duke, and in which he had been wounded on the glorious fields of Spain or in the" crowning victory of Waterloo; and in every age. there has been some eceentric enthusiast who stack manfully to fashions that had departed. United Service Magazine. As ANCIENT SHIP.-An oaken vessel, nearly twelve feet beam, about four and a half feet deep in the middle, rising to about, ten feet at bow and stern, and evidently designed for swift sailing, has recently been discovered imbedded five feet deep in a marsh at Flens borg, Schleswig. Runic inscriptions on the timber point to a date in the second century after Christ,and yet the woodis, comparatively speaking, so little decayed that the whole ship has been removed and repaired, with a view to Nits careful preservation. In the portion of the ship apparently devoted to cooking, or at least dining, were found the inscriptions re ferred to, as also bones of animals used for food, axes, lances,.and other weapons. As no human bone3 were found, it is presumed that the vessel had put in for safety from an enemy and had been sunk or abandoned in its normal position. A SHORT ROMANCE.-On the 5th of October, died at Frankfort-on-the-Oder, eighty- five years old, in the Holy Ghost Hospital, Louise Dorothea Schulze, of Demmin, in Pomerania. The late professor Ackerman, friend of Theodore Korner, and Jager in Lutzow's Friesehaar, made the following extraordinary communication onthelife oi this extraordinary woman:-Louise Schulze fled from her home during the wedding procession to a distant church, which wedding was to bind her, by the. will of her parents, to a Mecklenburg gentleman, Yohn Hahn, whom she hated, and who was def-rmed. In her bridal dress she threw herself into a boat, was rowed down the Prene, and joined Schill's crops, in which she" served till the taking of Stralsund, where she was made prisoner by a French soldier, who, we expect, was not deformed, for she married her captor subsequently^ Her husband fell in Spain ; her only son served in the Prussian ! army, but died before her. She lived at Frankfort on a small Prussian pension. Athenceum. WINDAGE.-The fire was so terrific that I found one of our reserve batteries, not actively engaged at the moment, entirely deserted by its gunners, who had sought protection with the horses in a deep ravine, and cried out to me to dismount and join them, other wise certain death must be my fate. I pushed on, and reached the point oi my destination in safety ; but, galloping back, I felt a stunning blow across the spine, and, at the same moment my horse rolled over with me. I was confident that the animal had been struck by a cannon- ball; but to my great surprise, I was unable to discover any wound. As I was myself unhurt, I remounted my brave animal, .and continued my way. A solid shot had passed close to my horse's back, and the current of air set in motion by its passage had knocked over both horse and rider. After wards, during the war, I witnessed many similar cases of prostration of men and animals by " windage."-Memoirs of the Cob federate War. AMATEUR FAKMIXG.-A story illustrating the cost of amateur farming is told of aretired merchant who had a farm on Long Island, with all the modern inventions and fancy stock of all kinds. " After showing a friend over the premises one day, he invited him into his house. "Sir," said he "you have seen the best farm in the State; now sit down arid rest and take something. I have milk and champagne. Take your choice-they cost the same." MEDDLING with others sometimes brings ] us into scrapes, and thereby one of the elders of a certain church once made " bad worse." "j A young fellow entered the church and took his seat with his hat on. An elder noticing it stepped up and requested him to take it off'. His request not being complied with, he came to the young man the second time, and seeing he still hesitated, the elder gently lifted it oft', when, to his chargin, out rolled a quart of hickory nuts on the floor, making more noise than was consistent with decorum. "Man," quietly said the youth, " see what you have done !"-Public Opinion. PHILOSOPHICAL DIETICS.-Sir Richard Jebb being called to a patient who fancied himself ill, told him ingenuously what he thought, and declined prescribing, thinking it unnecessary. " Now you arc here," said the patient," I shall be obliged to you Sir Richard, if you will tell me how I must live-what I may eat, and what not." " My directions as to that point," said Sir Richard, who abomi nated this sort of question, " will be few and simple. You must "not eat the poker, shovel, or tongs, for they are hard of digestion; nor the bellows, because they are windy; but any thing else you please."-Piiblit Opinion. A good anecdote is told of Manager Price Theodore Hook, and the eccentric Cannon. After a dinner given by AJr. Stephen Price, of Drury-lane Theatre, all the guests, with the exception of Cannon and Theodore Hook, having long since retired, the host who was suffering from a severe attack of gout, was compelled to allude pretty plainly to the late ness of the hour. No notice, however, was taken of the hint; and unable to endure any longer the pain of sitting xip, Mr. Price, at length slipped quietly off to bed. On the following morning he enquired of his servant, " Pray at what time did those gentlemen go last night?" u Go, sir?" replied John. " They are not gone sir; they have just rung for coffee." INGENIOUS REPARTEE.-The following story 19 told of a preacher meeting with a repartee of an equally ingenious character with his pwn Fermon. He was a candidate for a lecture ship, and had to deliver a discourse before the trustees of the endowment in the way of com petition] so he was determined to show how clever he could be, and took for his text the single word " But." He deduced from thence the great truth and the important doctrine that no position is without some correspond ing cross or opposite trial. Naaman was a mighty man of valour and honourable, but Ire was a leper. The five Cities of the Plain were fruitful as the garden of Eden, but the men of Sodom were awful sinners. The inhabitants of Ai put the Israelites to flight, but they wist not of the Hers in wait behind the city ; I called you, but ye answered not; come, for all thngs are ready, but they woild not come ; and so on. When the clerical .. competitor, cainc down to the "vestry, the senior trustee of the lectureship met him and politely re marked^-"Sir, you gave us a most ingenious discourse, and we are much obliged to you; but we don't think you are the preacher, that will do for us." 