LITJSllArURE OF THE MONTH. (PitOAI OUR LONDON COHHERPOKDRKT ) London, October. a contribution to ethnology u mude by air. K. U. Tylor, in hto " Researches into tho Early Iltotory of Mankind/' and the development of Civilisation (under £Ib., I'd?., Murray). He bus fathered from mutiv and trustworthy sources n great deal of mforinaliuii respecting the uiicmhtcil races of man in didbront parts of tho world, with nvhwto show how long and complex has been the growth of civilisation. After an introduction, several chapters arc devoted to gesture Inngungr and word language, inciuru writing and word writing. linages anu name naturally follow. Then comes a very interesting ahnpior on the Growth and Decline of Culture, with illustrations of handicrafts ami primitive art. The Stone Ago then comes. uudcr review, lire, cooking, and vcssotoaml implements arc described. Soran re markable similar customs arc shown to prevail in ri'stant countries. Historical traditions and myths of observation arc narrated and compared. In theconcludingrcmarksit is stated that " It does not stem to he nn umm«wnnble, or even nn over- sancruine view, that the nuns of analogic in art and knowledge, mythology and custom, confused and indistinct ni they at present arc, may nheady be taken to indicate that tho civilisations of many races, whose history even tho cvidenccof language has not succeeded in bringing into connection, have really grown up under one another's influ ence, or derived common material from u comnmn source." The work not only displays very great industry In the collection of facts, but also con siderable art in grouping them together in eluci dation of the inferences drawn from them. It will be prized by the general reader 'as well as tho ethnologist as an instructive narrative of the manners and customs of our less favoured, but in genious ancestors nnd contemporaries. Air. Walter Thornbury has collected In two volume a number of short tales, originally pub lished in Lie pigrs of Alt the 1 car J found and Chambers' Journal , and lias added a few others, under the title "Talcs for the Marines" (IG-)., Low and Co.) ; mnatplenaant talcs they arc, full of hu mour and wild fancy, with plenty of amusing ex aggeration. The stories aro well told, and tho sketches of character arc racy. Here to one:— " Godfrey Dodson was one of thoso old con noisseurs who arc to be seen every morning in the show-rooms of Messrs. Cln istie und Mnnson, examining etchings scrupulously through huge glasses, opening uud shutting with Jnlf delight, half distrust, remnrlcablo agate snuff-boxes, walking backwards for spurious Raphaels, open ing nnd shutting tho drawers of inlaid cabinets, and locking for the maker's name and date on lustrous mnggnlica plates. Tlioy knew the very yer.r every picture was painted, where the original cf it is, nnd what it fetched. They remember every alteration Hogarth made in hU engravings, nnd. fall into raptures over what other people would think a de fect. They eye the auctioneer with u magpie look of expectancy nnd cunning, and the dealers with glances of hostility and distrust. They hoard and ncrumulato with the craft of ravens and the industry of ants." Sir Lascciies Wrnxall's " Scraps and Sketches gathered together (2 vols. Allen)," id u similar book. There arc many bits of graceful nnd amusing writing, especially on German sub jects. Among new novels that may be recommended for Home excellence or other, raising Uicra ntavo the deluge ol trash, arc, " Can you forgive her?" by Anthony Trollopo (2 vols. Chapman and Hall), written with careful delineation of character, and with sound morality, " Latimer's Luck," by the author of 4t A Woman agalust the World" (3 vols. Bentlcy.) The " Luck" is gene rally ill-hick, "though the hero's purposes are good. " Noel, or ItWus to He" (2 vols., Smith, Elder and CoJ, presents a good plot, diver sified adventure, truthful characters, both had nnd good, and found morals. " Andrew Ramsay, of Enrol" (3 vols., Hurst and Blackett), is a tafe of the career of a young man starting in life under unfavourable circumstances, battling with diffi culties nnd temptations, and finally gaining vic tory. " Uncle Clivc" (Newhy), a humorous and spirited ta'o, in which some quaint characters are introduced. "ThcWilmot Family/' by Mabel Crawford (3 vols., Hcntley), shows how sudden nnd unexpected elevation to wealth, by a legacy of valuable estates, is. not always conducive to comlbrt and happiness, when those who are elevator! are not fitted by education nnd attain ments for their new position. "A Mere .Story" (3 vols,, Low anu Co.), by Miss Sincd- Icy, is a very natural and instructive story, narrating rcrious complications, quiet adventure, and humorous incidents with the charm of froslmcss. "Oswnld Hastings, or the Adventures of n. Queen's Aiile-do-Cmnp/' by Cnpt. Knolly.s (Hurst nnd Hlackett), reprinted for the " United Service Magazine," is a very likely and natural soldier's tale. "The Nautical Almanac" for 18G9 (Murray) is just out. So also is 1'rofesror Gamgee'a work on " The Great Cattle Plague" (Ilardwicke). It 4, is divided iuto three sections. The first part gives the definitions, symptoms, post-mortem appear ances, nature, nnd remedial treatment of the dis order. The second given the pant history nnd ravages abroad and at home. The third gives the official report of the International CongreM neld at Vienna in 13G3. . Air. I'ishcr wishes to revivo the " Game of Pullone," and so publishes a large pamphlet (3s. Gd., Hell) which gives full direc tions for the game, with woodcuts and a photograph of Pnlionc players. It is on ath letic game played with n large spiked ball, was originally well-known in England, and is still played on the Continent. The 8th vol., lately published by Longman and Co., completes the new edition of Mr. Mcrivale's History of the Romans under the Empire, and leaves off at the reign of Commodies. where Gibbon begins. The Header, noticing this fact, expresses a hope that the same firm will give us nn edition or" The Decline and Fall of tin Roman Ivmpire" to match this cheap and elegant issue of Mr. Mcrivale's work, Mr. Nitnmo lias issued three single-vol, editions of Burns, which justly claim to rank among the cheapest complete editions of the poet over published. The larger one, issued at 53, forms a handsome library volume, royal 8vo, with n portrait, and numerous illustrations ou wood by eminent artists, and a new memoir by Mr. Gunnyon. It comprises tho whole of the Burns' correspondence, as well as Burns' remarks on Scottish songs and balluds, and anecdotes of their authors. Of the other two editions, issued at 3sv Gd. each, one is uniform with Nimmo's popular illustrated edition of the Poets, the other n neat and elcgnntly printed edi tion, in crown 8vo, resembling the Globe Shalt- Epearc. Artemua word's new hook, " Among the Mormons," nnd " On the Rampage," has just been published (3s. Gd., Hotten). It is edited by E. P. Hington, the agent and compa nion of A. Ward, when lie went with his " unpa ralleled show" through the Mormon Territory and California. In an introduction, the edition gives sonic curious particulars of the 60ciul condition and aboiiiiunlions of Mormoaism. Copt. Hall's ' Life with the Esquimaux" has been published at 7s. Gd. (Low aod Co.), and is thus placed within reach of all who arc fond of remarkably strange adventure. The JJvitish Quarterly opens with an article wlucli will be rend for its subject much more than for its style. " Matlhew Aruold, Port, and Fssay- ist It is a heavy criticism of Arnold's opinions and works. In explanation of the following ex tract, it may be well to remark that Mr. Arnold condemns provincialism in writers, advocates the formation of an English academy similar to the French academy, to Professor of Poetry at Ox ford, of which Uuivcrsity the Earl of Derby, the translator of the Iliad, is Chancellor, and that Professor Pepper is the exhibitor of " Ghost scones and other wonders- at Iho Polytechnic Institution in London "The happy inventor of nicknames to nhvnvs an awkward antagonist/' " The Dialectician," in Clough's poein, Who in three weeks had created a dialc-ct new tor the party, « Master in all that was new of whalc'er'wns rcchcrcke tin d racy, Master of uewwt invention?, and ready designer of newer, was of this type, and Mr. Arnold is like him. It has already been shown with what contemptuous ease lie classifies as provincial wrltcis men of much repute. But he goes further in his felicitous division of style into the Attic, the Asiatic, the Corinthian. There is no need to dwell on the in definable perfection, the classical calm, of the Attic style, I ho Asiatic Is " barbarously rich and overloaded the Corinthian " is the style for a good editorial." " It lins not the warm glow, blithe movement, and soft pliuucy of life, as the Attic style has: it lias not the over- heavy rich ness and encumbered gait of the Asiatic stylo ; it has glitter without warintli, rapidity without ease, effectiveness without charm." And of this style Mr. Kiuglukc is facile princops ; a brother Corinthian having said of him \- that he combines 11 the passion for tinsel Of a sensuous Jew with the savage spleen of a dyspeptic Englishman." Certainly when Mr. .Kingliike, writing -cf Lord Stratford, de scribes St. Aniaud a.3 cowed by " the majesty of llic great EleJii's Canning brow nnd tight merci less lips " the reader may perceive, and smile at n rare specimen of Corinthian brass. But what if the advocate of an authoritative academy to sup press nil that is provincial, Asiatic, Corinthian, cau himself be convicted tf the very departure from urbanity, which lie deplores? It may be done. If not Corinthian, it is not nt least pro vincial to describe the Church and Stale Review and tho Record as the " High Church rhinoceros and tho Evangelical hyuenn." Air. Arnold's preface to the essay is full of life, full of humour, but it "is occasionally Corinthian. Thus, when deprecating certain phrases which connected his critictoms on trans lators of Homer with his position nt Oxford, he tuya : — " My- native modesty is. such that I have nlwnys been shy of assuming the honourable style of Professor, because this is a title I share with fo many distinguished men— Professor Pepper, Pro testor Anderson, Professor Friukel, and others— who adorn it, I feel, much moro than I do." This is thoroughly provincial— what follows is worse; " I serve under an illustrious chancellor, who translates Ilnmer, and calls his Professor's leaning towards hexameter) a pestilent hereby. Nevertheless, that cannot keep me from admiring the performance of my revere chief j 1 admire its holiness, its manliness, iU simplicity, although, perhaps, if one looks for the charm of Homer, for Ills pluy of a divine light Pro fessor Pepper must go on, I cannot." Tliis flash oi painful humour to wilfully t ovin- thinn. Would M. Aruold lmvc refrained from it if there had existed an English academy V' In o review of Mr. Campbell's two volume? " FroR nnd Fire," the functions nnd workings of these two " giants" are described. Of the book lUcIf the following opinion Is expressed : — " So fur ns tho author confine? himself to this prnctic.nl nnd explicit purpose liD book deserve? to bo studied with the utmost attention. Its nume rous fact?, as well as its original tone and treat ment, entitle it to be rend wltli decided respect. But it has what mny he termed its abstract or meta physical aspect also, and here we think the writer is by no means so lisppy or suc cessful." "Palgravc's Central and Eastern Arabia" is also epitomised (of which a second edition is the press). Tho writer say?, " The author is a gentleman of great acquirements, of refined culture and (mining, nnd, of nmnziug ver satility. He has great powers of exposition and description, nnd is minutely ofccrvnnt nnd grace fully graphic. He is ut once scholar, casuist, observant opprcciator, man of sense, and mail of the world. But with all hi? masses of informa tion, grace of style, and afilucuco of expression, lie is often tedious nnd wearisome from perpetunl digressions. But the novelty of hLs tlicme, nnd his attainments as geographer, agriculturist, poli tician, and topographer, gain for him the large and liberal consideration of his readers. His ac count of desert travelling to the best, the fullest, the most gra.jhic tlmt ha? ever been written." Of " Lcuky's lltoloryof Rationalism" the following opinion to expressed : — " The hook is dangerous from its verv fascination, and from the fact that" its error is insinuated rather than openly expressed. It is an expression of the unrest which characterises a considerable class, nnd will strengthen the feeling which it manifests. It indulges In a dream which can never be realised —hoping to preserve the spirit and mornlclcmcnts of Christianity but to reject dogmatic system?, and inoro especially miraculous narrative?. While seeking to present this view it will shake the faith of mjuy. It will, we four, have an influence of the worst kind— unsettling many minds, and while suggesting doubts of varied kinds, not sup plying a single idnt for their solution. Extensirc learning and an attractive stylo me but poor compensations for defects so ocrioHS, and do, in fact, only render the work more powerful for mischief." Soma interesting biographical and historical facts nro grouped together in a paper on " The Judges of England." " Alis. Browning's Poetry" is criticised with a friendly hand. " No woman 1ms ever united abilities like those of Mrs. Browning. She was well suited to be the poet of her sex, to paint woman as she to, and to vindicate her rightful position in society." The writer of nn article on the "State Policy of Europe in 18G5" thinks thnt the Emperor of the French has been in a false position for some time, but that his most recent policy to to be commended. The Editor contributes " Notes on tho United States since the war," referring to the proceedings of the Council of Congregational Pastors and delegates at Boston, and to matters topogrnphicnl, rocinl, political, and religious. At the close he bids I'arewell to his readers, having beeu the editor of the Review from it? commencement, 21 years ago. The Revs. Professor Reynolds and Ilcury Allau will be the new editors. To be continued. 