'iXToltigeur.!'. onthe Mel]bqurne'3 vu'i Yi!0'!'.:»A'.Eaces,'-','f-r-~7;;u:;:r/*, DeathBeli,.— iheiMelbpurnq rEaces'juatJ paat have.beon.jn.maay senses of the word,' the :best I over.witriesapd'on .the Flemington; conyinoing groiind.'; 1'Vfe had; tlie:very best! 'of weatlier, jthe ibestTof company,' all tho.boat ( hprBea.'and ;splbndid racing.,'.^ Never 'before; jwos there; such o close thing .ifqrjtho Clip, arid1 if.hn-nlnRa.fcriina was allthn m'nfn 'nTrnifiiiw hni' cauBo it^waa Victoriay. New Sojith.Walea, half; aneckdnlfavour of; tho 'latter.:r, Never before: out of England — certainly out of Europo— did twenty-bight'horses;,mn,forT one race, the, 'finiahb'eirigleft'to a three-yr- pldand'tho beat' of the light-woighted old'uria— the'firat fa-* ivourito firaS, 'nn.outaider^though a quondam, jfavburitd— aecoridi -'And 'another' feiitiiro' in thia Cup^worthy of note is-'-that : both Tho; Barb faiuV .'Exilb'..were ,;'''liiiboked 'out ,'' jhorsea , with|n r/a. V fortnight';' pf'; tho jracb ' being' ' 'run.' ? : Not Jt ten'' *J days i priorrto— tho — Gup— beints-won- by The ! Barb did I BoeilOO's to. 5' laid against. 'him,' ajuVthb_very tlaj^beforetho'raooi did';I see tho samoTodds'laiil against ExiJerSo much for theyaluoof^i' training' notes'' arid private information , so muoh ?' for the glorious uncerr tainty.of horao-racing. ? Thp_cleyercBt judges of condition and. action- may-. be all astray, whilst' the man who Spicks' his' liorso in the dark-may- land a -'-' pot.--^ -Stick to publio running, liaten:nb6 tojwhat pooplo toll you,' andiyou will be nearer, the mark than if, like Macboth, you couldoxolaim v.i/v,:^.;. .,:?.;: .'( Thcre- not a orio of them, but In his houso \-- '. Ikeop tt'scrvantieo'd.'! Y/ C' ?' {\ '?',/_, \\! ' All tho- stable-rib ws,! all i the: Watbhing early and J later will 'n9t'P,n'ttM°, y°u, so nearly to get!at»tho winnerj ' as ?'» careful J study (of tho_handicap '?' weights^ '? arid' ' of; tho 'public running of tlfe ,' horses' 'engaged, 'V'lnr the morich '.of; .Jiine laati; I analyae'd the' Clip xandidatos, land '.in_th;e cpluniriB ot'-'Sdl'l .wrpte'.that the winner ; of jtheY^Iolbourno j ,Oiip vi\wou,ld^ bpj* found ;,in .'.Yjitto'ndoh, i Tim Whifilor, Lady' HcronViiPaicbri (Syd-I 'ney)r~PJjiybBy,'— Exile,' Rivorina,— Tory- J ?boy,' Mmstrol.1 '^Atnongat c;tKe.''firat' -!aix for''th'o 'Melbourne: Oup worei:four of 'my cho8en nino :— Exile,1 Falcon', Playboy, Tim! Whifilor; two of them, Yattendon and Iti-I ', vbrina,' ( did not 'start'; . 'whilst , Lady ' Iloron broke down, arid Minstrel broke hia back in: -the-raoe-(by-the-byo,-Miristrol-ia riowdoad).! : I -willingly admit that I- did not anticipate so brilliant a ? ; performance , from , Tho Barb, -tltoiighr-had-t-thought.ho.-was the colt that won tho'lUndwick Derby, I should not have dismissed ' him, bo. : summarily, as when I last wrote in your columns. But I. regarded The Biirb' aB'clwyn;out*Df the race,- and in doing bo I only. fell. into tho error, whioh so -many better judges than I also made. Tho Barb must bo a wonderfully good colt to run tho race he did on tho :1st of Novombor, for if it woro tho last timo I fingered a pen ha was dbad'amisa'withiri a fortnight of tho race. But so was Exile, at least such was said to be the case; Mr. Keighran himself thought so, and so did his friends; and so sure was he when Exile started that Playboy could beat him, that he put the best lad, Water man, on Playboy, or rather he allowed him to have his choice, and he selected to ride 'the Boy.' Whether Exile was really as much off his form as his owner thought, I cannot tell, but whether or not I really be- lieve Exile would have won, and I should have spotted a Cup winner once in my life, had Mr. Keighran not changed his jockeys. I do not wish to say that the boy who rode him performed badly, but Waterman would have handled him better, and I shall always believe that Carter,or Chifney.or Morrison could have won the Melbourne Cup on Exile. And I can only account for Deception's inglorious defeat by charging it to the bad riding ac count. Her truo running was not manifested on the Melbourne racecourse— that we may depend upon. Having backed her to win mo Boino money, I naturally looked for her 03 pecially during tho running of tho raco — I saw hor round by tho old Btand somewhere, about tenth, and I nover caught sight of her again. I didn't see her prior to tho start, but by one who did sho was reported ' right.' Such cannot he said of tho Adelaide marc, Cowra, who waa in full season, and I believe did not race ono yard, neither in tho Cup nor on tho Saturday. For tho Champion Raco she haa gone into Pat Milcy'a hands to train, and she will do her work at Flemington ; I think sho will run a far different race on Now Year's Day. Tim Whifller was a horse I thought would have run very near tho front for tho Melbourne Cup, and unless hia own jockey and ono or two others who wero close by — Joe Carter for ono — aro terribly out of their reckoning, he would have been, bar an accident, there or thereabouts. Chifnoy Bays he could with difficulty hold him back from tho front half a mile from home, but either Falcon or Exile, in attempting to got past him on the inside, struck him juat below ono of hia hocka, and ho raced no more. But ho is getting better of the blow, and waa taking walking exorciso on Thuraday. Ho and Misa Fiaher wero to start for Ballaarat yesterday, and Middy ia to bo turned out for a long spell. Of Mr. Tait's two chestnuts, Falcon, I think, ran up to his boat form, but Warwick, I am per suaded waa ' off.' Of tho Fisherman sisters . — Lady Heron and Sea Gull — I can write ..but little. Lady Heron broke down, and I believe goes at onco to Stockowncr, whilst Sea Gull went a mile round tho courso prior to the start, then got a very bad start, and never showed near tho front. I did not' aee her in tho raco at all,' but I boliove aho, finished amongst tho first six or eight; her jockey claimed to bo fourth. Ho will havo moro power over her in tho . Cham piouat Gst 121b, than in the CupatGst71b. I must now turn from tho Cup to such other races at the meeting as bear upon the coming L/uuiupiuii xuiuu, uii nuff xuara J^'iy, uuc before I quite quit the subject I must com [-h'mont your poetical tipster, who, the Satur day before the race, reduced tho Cup runners to The Barb, Sultana, and Exile. He waa not to know that Sultana would break up, and so not start, but Baving her presence, ho named tho two that actually finished first and second, only ho transposed thorn. Hers are his lines : — A coal black steed just Icada the fow That struggle to the van, ,.. ? — And on hia girths, aud runnlng.trtiei Bfl .?Tho gamo Sultana came; A VjV»*~_r - But, noble Barb, It's all In rain^S *,-' ? . Defeat must be your lat'.-,/ Va . ? ' ? Sultana brave now comes again/ r^,s-n---^? She's lending up the 81 ra|glil, - ,'_)[](?[ Butlook ngain what horao apnour/' J u(-' 1 Sogentlycrccplngup? \ '^JaX^ ?Tla Exile, noising nil compeeriY/j T~ — ? J- \- Hurrah ! he wins the Cup- X^W/(- j-r. There was no other race on the^frrsi-dkyj that can affect the Champion, but the second day' introduced ua to- Voluntcor aud Smuggler, beaidea Barwon ' and Sea Gull, whom wo had seen before, three of whom are. engaged in the New Year's Day race, whilst' Smuggler will bo the trial horse in the Mari byrnong stable. I think we may dismiss Barwon from tho Champion horses, though he showed himself gamo enough as he col-' lared L. L. on the poat Soa Gull's victory in . the Derby and Oaks goeB for nothing ; she beat nothing, and the time was very alow. Glenyuillo' ran a tip-top race in tho Spring Handicap, and will bo very hard to beat at. Ballaarat the second day, if Dan Robinson lias him as fit 'as at the Melbourne Races. And now I come to tho third day, the day. on which ' Sour Grapes beat Tho Barb,' and rSriiuggler beat . Volunteer. Now whilBt T. express iny thorough delight at the Victorian horses beating the Sydney, I must also cau tion your readers not to placo too much de pendence oil tilu ueiuiib ui t uiuiimLT' iu liuo ; Queen's Plato ; '? hor must wo forget that The Barb had run' atromeridous race for the Cup '. bri the'Thuraday,-.and could 'scarcely , be ex- ? pected to come 'again on tho Saturday in his very -'tip-top1 ' form. '?' Certainly; .as he 'waa on-! Saturday;rSpur ^Grapes'; beat 'him easily,1 and' 'considering what * a bad start, both !gbt\ they 'ran- the- race in very (not- tt-vrna '?'' I\i,4-:'T; will 7'Yint: ( nllnur '4:TiJn Aatntth . to' 'affect ''brie'' ipta'^my'^opiriinn .of ;'|The Barb'a chanebJ in'tho- Champion.! Both Yo lunteer';andJ Sniugglfer:' aro great'horsos,^ and rioverdid'hors^aohiovo a'rnbroglorious : vio tory^than did Smugglorjiri the Queen's Plnte. After 'racing aa, lid uid iritho V; R.O.' Hindi- : cap', 'struggling. gamely ' to the end, to come out'agairi'ltlie same afternoon and/defeat Vo lunteer for the JQueen's Plato Was a perform-' ancbnbverbeforo'equ'aUedat'Flemingtori: 'It was' old Fisherman- over -1 again, arid as 1 1 aaw him parading the'paddock after- tho race' I could not help thinking what agonoral liko- ' ness there waste the old horse. But then comes tho question, was Volunteer quito in his best form to traveltlireemilea? I'acarcoly think it.: Heaeeriied-to7'mb to cavo in only in the last quarter of a mile; ho wanted just the extra E reparation which-the two-months will give im. 'Smuggler and he both fit and fresh, at the postTwould back- SinuEgler,' but we have yet to, bo, aaaured that either Sea Gull or Fish Hook is' a better horso1 at throe miles than Smuggler; i. VOLTIGEUB. : : .'Deah'Bell, — The Spring Meeting has well i sustained, the opithot bestowed upon it sonic timoeinceof being the 'crack, meet of the year,' and,' in addition to thousands of spec tators, drowi together several of tho best liorsos of the adjoining colonies to. contend in, i friendly rivalry, for the premierahip of the lAuatralian' turf. ,. The oliief .event- of the meeting has .beo'n 'carried off-.-.by one of our neighbours, though, from , tho subsequent running of tho winner, I am more than over convinced that if Sea Gull had got away with him, tho three-yr-olds wonldliavp finishod first 'and second, and I still beliovo tho filly to be_ thbbettor.of tho.two over any distance. Rut if; ianrt imp rlnixlinrr in i/ji iinw. , Wo linvn been b'oaton for the Cup by a thorough sports- [ man, . and .must- tako our ,, licking with ' »::. good: grace, and' endeavour.,., to, re- ' trievo bur lost: laurels in the Champion, ! which, sirico.'.itho, ,' defeat; .of Volunteor arid AVarwick in tho. Queen's . Plato, , ia not the certainty: it; waa thought to be Home week or. two back, i: It is : trwoSmuggler is not engaged in it, .but from .him a lino, may be drawn as to.tho chances of Spa GuH.andFiah Hook ;? and if i the monoy.of the stablogoea ; on either oftheso two !? shall, consider.: the | ohanoea^of Victoria far roaior; than I expected them to be. ,'Xho meeting, as awhole,hasbeeu! attended .with, the greatest success, ,,far eclipsing invbrillianoy- anything pf its kind! seen'- here i :before. i.The [only cause forj grumblirig.was the; starting, on the, first and; Becond dayB, the public 'having .moro than sufficient roaaon' for raising the outcry, of tho second day. : ,On the third day, a marked im provement was discernible in the dispatching of the 'nags. -The ''manner! in whiohithe fields for ithe : Cup, £50 Plate, , and Spring Handicap wore sent away, rofleoted any thing but credit upon -tho gentleman who filled thb position for the first two days,,, '. The off-day, Friday, was productive of littlo or no interest, thomajority pf theitoma set down for disposal being considered fore gono conclusions. Tho Flying Stakes opened tho ball, and Barwon waa installed tho fa vourite. It waa a near thing, however, for Mr. Smith's colt had all tho boat of it until within a stride or two of home, when Sam Haync3 managed to rush Barwon in about half a hoad in front. Had 'the, baby ',-r whoso maiden mount it waa— kept hold of hia horse'a head, and rbsorvod him for a finish, L. L. Would ' undoubtedly havo scored tho victory. Tho Boyal Park Stakes was sot down as a bortainty for Volunteer, and so it nrovediMr. Smith's colt; not being able to mako the ibid 'tm gallop. Tho Derby was moroly a canter for Sea Gull, sho and her stablo companion, Maribyrnong, coming round tho turn together, whon the colt fractured ono of tho small bones of' his near foro log, by whioh means ho was placed Aors de combat. At first it was thought he would havo to be destroyed, but as ho was able to get up and walk, though very slowly, his lifo was spared, and ho goes to tho stud, to which ho will bo a valuable addition, as his blood U of the boet — by Fisherman out of Rose de Florence, by Tho Flying Dutchman out of Boarding School Miss. The trash that we havo hoard anent tho non-staying powers and nonpos scasion of fleetnesa of the Fisherman stock has most decidedly received a damaging ahock by tho victories of tho old horse's got during the meeting of last week. I forgot to men tion that Maribymong walked lamo directly after taking his preliminary canter, but aa it waa not observed by any of the stablo, ho was allowed to start. It waa not tho ' dicky ' pin that broke, but the sound one, caused, no doubt, by the colt trying to save the strain upon tho injured member. Tho Spring Handicap proved an caay victory for Glenyuille, tho public loudly expressing their satisfaction at tho success of Mr. L, L. Smith. Tho Corinthian Cup brought out the hero of tho week, Smuggler, the grandest animal ever seen on Flemington courae. For this event not a few fancied old Playboy, whose running in the raco for the Cup entitled him to a little respect ; but alongside the great striding son of Fisherman ho hadn't tho ghost of a chance, Mr. Horbert Power bringing his horse homo the easiest of winnera. Of the last race of the day I shall flay — nothing. Tho third day will long be remembered by those who wero present. His Excellency was again on the course, and I saw him taking stock of the cracks in tho paddock. Tlio general attendance was nearly as groat as that of tho first day, thousands nocking to the course up to the time of the start for the Steeplechase. Tho first race, tho All-Aged Stakes, wan put down as a certainty for Tho Barb. Still, there wero many be lievers in the daughter of Fisherman and Gildermire, 4 to 1 being taken whenever it was offorei When sho was taken up to tho start,' she began to rear and plunge, a general opinion exiating that sho would break away with ' tho baby,' but tho little fellow Btuck to her manfully. When .the Hag went down Barwon. Sparrow Hawk, and Falcon went awajr together, the. filly. being on her hind legs,; and The Barb a couple of lengths be hind her. Directly after starting,, she swerved right offi the course towards the hurdles, her. diminutive pilot exhibiting rare coolness in bringing her : back again, Svhen , she and The Barb raced up to the others, and passed them as if; they were standing BtilL Coming into the straight the colt collared her, and cries of 'The Barb has it' resounded through tho air;i bnt a shako of the rein, and away ^catne- the Ascot Vale winner, ' finiah ^?J&rX;/eouplo of lengths in front of -M*i']?rait's colt, the others some distance in tlio^ear. When it ia remembered that fSourNGroWa carried 111b overweight — Cw&hQut;'reckoning her bridle and breast-plate, whieuiwould have made it juat a stone — this TieKK^maiice must be pronounced the greatest iS^paciiievod by a two-yr-old in Australia. -To'Tbeat Sparrow Hawk and Barwon bo easily, and at such a disadvantage in the weights, waa , in itself a ? great achievement, but to run away from a colt like The Barb, as' she . did, when he got alongside of her, was something i wonderful. Had sho not swerved soon after the start, I hardly be lieye her^opporierits. would have seen tho way, aho went. The speed of this filly is quite equal to that pbaseBsed by her dam when .she .;wpn Jthe,,phampagne, etc.; and was quite .-tlio \beat . two- yr-old in England. Tho.ijOaks''. was another gift to the same stable, Sea Gull doing just as she ?liked with her opponents. Siren, who had hei: hind, plates knocked off the day before for the handicap, and in which sho would not race a yard, again went without them for the '.Oaka, performing quito differently to what she did- in. tho Maiden Plate, for which she :fan* clean away from Lady Munriera-Sutton, doing tho, mile and a half in 2 min. 51 sec. ; :uuoLon. rnuay.ana oacuruay Bno secmcu co be .afi;auL.to touch the ground, and Lady Manners-Stitton .defeated her cleverly over the.jFleriiington, courae. I do not think it advisable to run horses without their shoes. At. Eandwick, 'where the ground is sandy, 'and, the, jp'asa of a very slippery naturo, the 'case is different, and tho plan may be fol: 'lowed without danger, but here the turf is .harder,,', and .-, 'running ; horses ', without plates , .is . attended . with, considerable 'riakv Tho .V.R.C. 'Handicap, was won cleverly. ;%.; Glonyuille,,.'' after,' a ,'great effort -.upon' ; the part , of , the nSaguificent. Smuggler.'/; The timo, 3 min. ,14,abc. , was quite first-cldas.1 .The Queen's Platb^-riext1 to.' thb Cup, thVniost. interesting iev^rit,'. ,pf r tho ^ meeting— brought qut;biit.'four7ruriners, Volunteer, Warwick, ' Smuggler,' and'PririceBa.' .'After ShVuggler's fjrqinendous race. with'.' Glenyuillo two .hours' previously! it .waa generally believed that he wpuld.; riot lia've the . ghost ol a chance' with either of Mr. 'Tait's pa'irj but 'the: result, prpYod', otherwise. .'Previous to* running for1 the handicap, Mr. Fisher's hprso'.wrenched a' ?hop off, and ; it just entered his foot, . but. somebody observing him limp mentioned the iiroumstance,' arid Mr.,' Wbiteman soon put him all , to: rights again.' The start for the] Guineas ., was., tho best 'of 'JthbJ meeting,'.' all four : getting, well '. away together. From tho .cbromoncement it. waa eaBily easily discernible what , was the 'littlo guriip.' of the Sydney. pair. Sam'Waldbek',on War-; wick rushed . on at a tremendous pace, '.with the evident intention ot cutting down tue 1 ' ' Smuggler' bold,' arid ,thua servo Volunteer. \ Joe Morrison, however, waa quite up. to the :' double banking', buainess, land never : ;flurricd his horao in the least, just keeping ' him .in- a. good position for' the first two inilqa.. Pasaiug ''the, stand thb .'second,. ] time, .Warwick still ,'? led, Princess already i a long. way out of Itlio race. .Whon nearing ; the- old stand, ? Warwick had ovidently ' ;had.; pnpugli, Stniiggler^ passing him, 'arid , Yolunteor ranging .up albrigaide, andpaaa-' ing both of .themJ ! 'It's, all over now j Volunteer lias it,' emanated f rorii the stand ; but Joe .was nursing his horse splendidly for a final tussle, Morrison now made his ef fort and his liorso aus-veriii£r ' gamely to his jail, forged.up to Volunteer's girths., Inch by nch lie reached, his head,, and eventually, imidst great. oxoitement, ho swept past him, ind finally, ,won by two .good lengths. The i tvinner waa greeted with loud, long, and con- ? tinned cheering, making . the welkin ring : igain, , tho hills re-echoing ,thp' shouts of: '? 10,000 throats; Such a scene of ; indoacrib- , iblojpy IhavOjiieverlbeforo witnessed, arid; for Boino tiinp, nbthing'but' ''Bravo Filgatei' ; 'Hurroh for Morrison,' could be heard:: Mr, Filgate was congratulated upon all sides', j and a \Bubaqriptiou was at pueo set on foot' and iiresented to ^hp jockey': for' the adinir-' ablbpatieriep ho displayed in riding tho raboj for the Queen's Plate. Richly... was i itde-j served, for Joe Morrison never, rpdbii bettbr. raco in his life. The winnor ',is abont tho) most magnificent specimon of the thorough bred horso ever 8ebn on .the Flemington course.' He stands just over 1C hands, has a beautifullv clean, bloodlikb head, large long , oars, with a ,'neck, exactly similar to that of his old ' ' dad,' let into the grandest pair of Bhbulders I have ever'aeeri on a racer j hia depth of girth ia Bomcthing wonderful, and ,hs ho runs up a little behind the saddle, .it gives him the appearance of being light in the hind '-quarter, Ditt it is in appearance orilyi for no horao in tho paddock nad such a pair of haunches. Like his sire, he . is brown in colour, and stands a little high on the log. Ho was bred in South Australia, by Mr. 0. B. Fiaher, got by Fisherman out of the' well known mare, Midnight. Tho sports of the meeting were brought to a most successful conclusion by the Free Handicap, won: by Mr. Tait'a Falcon. ORANGE BLOSSOM. ; Northern Turf Club; South Australia. — Tho f olio wing_ aro tho nominations for. tho two handicaps at tho annual meeting of the Northern Turf Club :— Handicap,' 100 sovs!: Mr, P. Francos' Midnight, 4 yrs; Mr.'J. W,. Gleeaon's- Meteor, 5 yrs; Mr. J. Edwards'a Mack, aged; Mr.O. Adoock'B Crusader, 3 yrs. Turf Club Handicap, 60 sovs : Mr. T. Ryan's Sultan, aged ; Mr. ' T. Ryan's Sir .Dominic, 2 yra ; Mr. J. Scott's Stag, 5 yrs ; Mr. J.-\V. Gloospn's Court Jester, 5 yrs; Mr.! E. Meyer's Lady of the Lake, aged; Mr. A. King's Dorian, 3 yre; Mr. J.Edwards' a Mack, aged ; Mr. J; Edwarda'B Peeping Tom, 3 yrs ; Mr. O. . Adcock's Crusader, 3 y ra ; Mr^ O. A&cock;'s Lottery, 3 yra. j 