BALLA11AT GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE CHASES. SECOND DAY.-Tuesday, 3rd April. The concluding day of 'he B.ilUraG Autumn Steeplechase meeting '-vtig favored with beautiful weather, a nice light breeze prevailing during the (iiiy, with a glimpse of the sun ut intervals sufficient to render it plmisunt out of doors. Ttie atttudiioce on the course was far short of what it was on lion day, notwithstanding the programme comprised mure events, a state of things perhaps iu a great measure owing to tho number of holidays that have lately occurred, and to the fact that man} had .e turned to their business duties, from which the various Eastertide amusements had temporarily drawn them. The programme promised some capital sport, and the character ol the racing proved that to be the case, but unfortunately the sports closed with an accident serious to one at least ot' tne jockeys, which must in a great measure have detracted from the pleasure of the day's proceed ings. Accidents are almost part of steeple chases, and they so frequently occur, that they are perhaps speedily forgotton, but it was certainlj very unfortunate that one should have occurrud in the last event of the meeting. Apart from that mishap, the sports passed oil very well, the raoing being capital, the spills moderate, and the oaulks plenty enough to be amusing. The first event the ilaudicap Hurdle Kace, brought out a field of nine heroes, and after sundry mishaps, Stockman Came in the winner. The Amateur Steeplechase, unfortunately, was only contested by two horses, Ingleaide aud Cadger; the o'.lier entry, Mormon, having been scratched. Ingle side jumped everything well, under the guidance ol Mrli. Orr, who rode him, but Cadger, uulortunitely baulked so frequently as to lose all chance of the race. Cadger's priucipal objection, and perhaps the source ol all his obstinacy, was tne water-jump, to ! which lie twice betrayed such a decided aversion, that lie lost the distance be afterwards made up at the other leaps. There is no doubt that had he taken die water without baulking, he would have given liigliside a very tight ruu for the stakes, if he had not have headed him; for he jumped well, and at flat racing, must h-ive proved a very stiff opponent. i'tie Selling Steeplechase, for wiiich there were five entries-one being scratched^was ex pected to prove a capital race; and so it was, to a certain extent, although its success was considerably damped by the accident that occurred at the start. The entries were as follows:-Ninepins, i'iretail, Young Camel, Zanzibar, and Canopus. Of the five, Young Uamel was the favorite at odds against the lield; and his behavior in the National Chase of the previous day seemed to suppoic the position awarded him by the bookmakers. A very good start was effected, aud the favorite, steered by Kelly, a well-known colonial jockey, went off with the lead towards the stone wail, the first jump on the course. The wall cannot by any means be considered a very difficult jump, but on endeavoring to clear it, the horse struck, probably Irom having jumped from a point too far back, and tell heavily on the other side, lolling violently over his rider. Hardly had the favorite come to griel when Zjuzibar, who was running about a length behind, by a somewhat similar mistake, thundered against the wall, and dislodged hi3 rider, who waB thrown somo distance forward, turned nearly a somersault on tho other Side, aud lay for a second or two as if stunned, Ninepins, i'iretail, and Canopus - the three remaining horsed,-cleared tho wall close by the fallen pair, and made for the wator leap in front of the stand. The two former got over that difficulty without mishap, but Canopus baulked and refused to make headway. He re mained there a few seconds, aud was next seen leaping the side-fence formed of the usual posts and rails, with pointed battens nailed oil the out side. The unfortunate animal failed to clear that fence, and for a second or two lay impaled thereon, struggling furiously, until, in its efforts to get released from its painful position, the fence was (CartiaUy broken, and the animal struggled over, l'lie remaining two horse3 - Ninepins and Firetail-. made a capital race of it; one of the closest, in fact, of the whole meeting. Each alternately headed, and jumped splendidly, making no mistake; but after a severe struggle Ninepins got the lead, and came in the winner by about, a length. It being :i selling race, the horse was afterwards put up and sold for £99. The sports were then concluded. The jockeys Kelly and Callinan, who were hurt during the race, were carried into the saddling paddock, and Dr. Leman, ot Learmoutb, being present, at tended them. Calliuan came round gradually and did not seem very much hurt, but Kelly appeared to have sustained considerable injury, anl was subse quently removed to a hotel iu the neighborhood of the course, Tne following i3 an analysis of the racing as it oc curred ; - THE HURDLE RACE of 100 sovs, Entry, 3 eovs. liandicip, about three miles. Mr J. Graham's b g Stockman, aged, list (M'Mi nmmv) 1 Mr J. Evans' bg Dangorous, G vrs, lOst lib (Leirsch) U Mr X. \V. Walker's ell m Mormaid, -1 yn, 1 list lib (Ryan) 3 Mr G. Vowles' gr g Grimaldi, 6yrs, lOst 121b (Gaunt) 1 Mr It. Ore's b g Day Dawn, aged, 9st 7lb (Dalt-ymple) 0 Mr J. Kelly's Nana Sahib, 5 yrs, lust ... (Manly) 0 Mr S. Holgato's ch g Apelles, aged, lOst 101b (Potter) 0 Mr Armstrong's bg Hondo, aged, Ust lib (Mitchell) 0 Mr Armstrong's Laura, aged, i)st 71b ... (lioyd) 0 Betting-2 to 1 agst Mermaid (the favorite), 4 to 1 agst Apelles uud Stockman, and 5 to I agst the others. After several false starts the horses got away. Apelles leading up to the first hurdle in front of the stand, over which the rest of the horses cleared iu first-class style. At the next hurdle Apelles fell, throwing his rider heavily, but picking itself up ehurtly afterwards continued on the course for Bome distance without the rider. Nana Sahib, Dangerous, and Day Dawn kept well in front, and on coming round again to the straight running, Bonda showed among the front rank. Nana Sahib made a slip before coming up to the stand and his rider losiug his seat, the horse kept on tho course for a shore distauce. Day Dawn aud Bonda, with Dangerous in their immediate vicinity, came up towards the Btaud, and Bonda was the first at tho hurdle in front, with Day Dawn on his quarter. Grimaldi afterwards tame up, and at the bacs of the course joined the front group. They ufterwarda separated, and several chaDge3 subsequently took place on the way round to the straight running, when old Stockman showed ahead, and passing the other horse?, took up the ruuning and canu iu the winner by aoout four lengths in front of Dangerous, with Mermaid a good third, and Grimaldi iu her rear. TUB AMATEUR STEEFLECUASE, of lOOsovs, Entry, 5 SOVB. Second to receive 10 sova lrom the stakes. About 4 miles. Mr R. Orr s b g Inglesido, agod, ll'st lib (Ownor) 1 Mr L. Gordon's b g Cadger, aged, lL'st lib (Owner) 2 Mr Watson's Mormou was scratched. Bettiug-12 aud 15 to 1 agst Cadger. The favorite for this event-IngiesiJe- stripped well, and the race was considered a gilt to him, on account of Cadger's performance ol the previous day in baulking so often at the water jump and several other places. At the start, Iugle side went away with a lead of nearly half a dozen lengths, and cleared the stone wall aud water jump splendidly. The former jump Cadger also cleared well, but ho baulked at his old sticking point-the water-and it was only after being pushed by Mr Gordon and ho had lost a considerable dis tance that he was induced to get over the fence, and then he jumped into the water. On leaving tho cultivation paddock he baulked again, and on coming round to tho water for the second time he exhibited tho same obstinacy as before until a jump was whipped out of him. Inglesido having cleared all the jumps without fault, made his own runuing, and came in on easy winner amid loud cheers, Mr Gordon was also loudly applauded on passing the stand, and afterwards on entering the saddling paddock, for tho very spirited and able way in which ho rode Cadger, which animal, but for tho decided dislike it unfor tunately evinced for the water, would undoubtedly have made a very close race of it. Tho race, on account of the leading horse having it all his own way, was not one of the quickest; but on the one hand with tho splendid manner in which Inglesido took all the jumps, and with the capital display of horsemanship by Mr Gordon on the other, it proved on the whole a very interesting event. TUE SELLING STEEPLECHASE, of 80 BOVS. Entry, 2 BOVS. Abou: 3 miles. B.T.C. welter weights lor age. If to be sold for -£80, allowed 71b; £60,14lb; £-10. 211b; £30, 281b. , Mr Watts eU g Ninepins, aged, £SQ, lOst lib ' (Dalrymplo) 1 Mr J. Evans' gr g Fire tail, aged, £30, Hist lib (Loirseh) 2 Mr G. Watson's b g Zanzibar, 4 yrs, £80, lust -lib (Cnllinan) 0 Mr T. G'okor's bg Canopus, aged, £S0, lOst 121b (Boyd) 0 Mr C. Day's b g Young Camol, aged, £30, lOst lib (Kelly) 0 Mr Orr's Day Dawn was scratched. Young Camel was the favorite for this event, at odds against the field At the stone wall the favorite and Zanzibar both fell heavily and lost all chance of the race. Canopus refused to take the water leap and the race then lay between Ninepins anil Firetail; (or although Young Camel was afterwards mounted anil ridden part of the way round, he appeared dead lame, and had not even the ghost of a chance. The two remaining horecs made a splendid race of it and NinepinB ulti mately came in the winner by about a length. The honss was afterwards put up ana said for £99. The meeting was then concluded. 