TABLE TAL. DEL'UrAToa raow PoarTLxa?.-A de putation from Portland, says the Age of 11th inst., consisting of Mr. Trangmar, president of the Portlandshire Council; Mr. Cooper, member of the Borough Council; and Mr. Atkinson, the Town Clerk of the latter body, were introduced to the hon. the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, yesterday, by the hon. H. Miller, M.L.C., and Messrs. Aspinall and Levey, M.L.A. The object of the depu tation was to get a sum of money placed on the estimates, for the purpose of building a bridge across the mouth of the Fitzroy River, which would be a meoans of communication between the towns of Belfast and Portland, as well as a conve nience to the Yambuk farmers. Mr. Sullivan said he could not promise to put any money on the estimates at present: if, however, any of the £d0,000 grant was left at the end of the year, through the parties it was granted to not being able to contribute their own share, he would consider the application. The de putation then withdrew. Tas AATraua Conchar.-The concert, given in aid of the funds of the Benevolent Asylum, on Thursday evening last, was a great success. The room was crowded, over two hundred present. Herr Collin acquitted himself with his usual skill, and the au dience seemed thoroughly to appreciate all that was presented to them.. The sum of £35 was realised, a very seasonable addition to the present funds of the Asylum. REDUCED PosTAG--In our Thursday's issue it was announced that a change had been affected from 4d. to 2d. in the rates of postage for inland letters. The Argus of the 17th has the following :-A bill to I amend the Post-ofi:e Act, 1865, was passed through all its stages in the Legislative Assembly last night, and will this evening be presented for the consideration of the CounciL The main changes contained in the measure are the substitution of a uniform inland single rate of 2d. for that of 4d. 4 now prevailing, and the granting to Govern ment power to pay into the consolidated revenue the soums received in the post-office savings banks. Lrrs-stzu Bvsr.-We learn from the Melbourne journals that the celebrated sculptor, Mr. Summers, has just modelled a life-size bust of His Excellency the Governor, and it is placed for public in spection in his studio, Collins-street East. Ma. GILL?s, P.M., WABaxAMBOOL.- I On Thursday night last, Mr. Gilles, for twelve years Police Magistrate in Warrt na? bool, was entertained by about twenty I of his friends and admirers at a dinner I previous to his departure on a preliminary º round of visits before quitting finally for England. The greatest harmony prevailed, I and the most genuine regret expressed that Mr. Gilles was leaving. Next day a num ber of the most influential inhabitants fol I lowed Mr. Gilles, and when he left the jetty ( to get on board the Westera, for Melbourne, the cheering time after time renewed, 4 was not only hearty, but enthusiastic. We understand, that Mr. Stewart, of Belfast, I will supply the place of Mr. Gilles, and ! aulmequently of Mr. Blair, as the offices of I Po,lice Magistrate are to be abolished in I Warrnambool and Portland. Economy, a whether private or public, is commendable, [ but it will require some time before a con fident opinion can be expressed as to how I the new arrangement will work. It is not º probable that Mr. Blair will leave sooner ? than twelve mouths. ExmasrTIow or MatIwo WOOL-The Argus of Thursday says :-A meeting of the committee for the universal exhibition of merino wool was held yesterday at the 1 Australasian Wool Stores ; present- \lr. I Thomas Learmonth, of Ercildoun (in the I chair), Mr. Philip Russell, Mr. A. 8. Robertson, Mr. Thomas Shaw, Mr. William Cumming, Mr." George Cumming, and M r. 1 Winm. Macredie. It was resolved :-1. That, inasmuch as a sum of £1,000 nat least will be required to cover the Cost of prizes and other expenses, a snbscriptin- i list be at once opened, and that Mr. Mac. redie be requested to 'ct. as treasurer. (The gentlemen present agreed to subscribe £25 .each.) 2. That the following gentle men be requested to act upon the commit tee, viz. :-The Hon. W. Degraves, Mr. George Cumming, and Mr. John Cumming, of Darlington; Mr. Mackersey, uf Caven. I dish; Mr. Chas. OBicer, of Mount Talbot ; Mr. J. L Currie, of Lara; Mr. Adam Smith, of Apeley ; Mr. Robert Simson, of La:sgi, Kalkal; Mr. C. H. Macknight of Dunmore; .lr. John Winter, jun., of Col. binabbin. 3. That His Majesty the Em. i peror of the French be requested togive his support in carrying out the objects of the I exhibitioa. + A Gaosr Sroar.-Old Ballaratians will remember Mr. Hasleham, who, in the early days of Ballarat, (say the Star) was correspondent for the Melbourne Herald, and a writer for other journals, and who, during the Eureka stockade affair, received a wound in the arm, (leg it should be, Ed. P. Gdn.,) from a stray bullet at that encounter. It will be re membered, also, that it was reported here (and if we mistake not. as from an Eng lish paper), that Mr. Hasleham had died shortly after his return to England, after undergoing an operation for the extrac tion ofthe ball from his arm(leg). The sub joined extract from a letter just received from Manchester, by a member of the Star staff, will, however, show that Mr. Hasleham is, probababy, still living. We should premise that the writer of the letter had, in a previous letter, stated that he had seen Mr. Hasleham, and in reply to. that statement the member of our staff referred to had said his corres pondent must have seen Mr Hasleham's ghost, as that gentleman was dead, The extract is as follows:-"I was so convinced that I was right, that I resolved to speak to his ghostship the first opportunity. My courage failed me on several occa sions. At length (I belive it was in August, 1864) I met it coming out of the Examiner and Times office. Reoo vering my breath, I touched it on the arm. It turned round, and I said, 'I think I have seen you before?' Ghost -' Very likely.' I-' Were you ever at Ballarat ?' --Ghost-' Yes' I - 'Your name is Hasleham I' Ghost-' Yes.' I -' I don't know that I have ever spoke to you before, but I knew you through being with Mr. Levey, of the Herald.' Ghost ' Ah yes, I know Mr. Levey : he is now on the Argus (1)' I then told it how often I had seen it ; that I had written to ye. Did he know you 1 OGhmt-' Oh ye a \- on the Star. I related your answer, and when I mentioned that, in undergoing the operation, he sank ender it, the ghost looked rather grave, but said,' 'No, not quite so bad as that.' A few commnon place remarks ended our interview, and it I vanished round one corner, and I round another. Now, what must I think I Is it all an allusion, or is the laugh against you instead of against me 1 At any rate, here Hasleham is alive, and, apparently, welL. I saw him yesterday going from town, boouk in hand, with that peculiar twist in his walk." The familiars of Mr. Hasleham will not he at a loss to recognise the des cription of " book in hiand" and the " pe. culiar twist in his walk." It is hardly necessary for us to add that we are glad to bear of his survival, both of the operation and of the ugly report, and trust he may live a long while to refute so very unw-el. come a ruminor. AccLUrATssArnon.-The council of the Acclimatisation Society, says the Argus of Wednesday, met as usual yesterday. Pre seat-Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, Colonel Champ, %I r. F. S. Dobson, and Mr. A. Purchas. A letter was read from Dr. Officer, giving full accounts of all connected with the salmon ova ; but as we have al ready published the particulars we need not repeat them. Dr. Oiflier concludes by saying :-" The loss of all the brown trout ova is of little importance. I believe that in the course of the present winter we shall derive an ample supply from our own fish." Votes of thanks were passed by the Coun cil to Commiander Norman, Captain Charle ton,tMessrs. J. A. Youl, Edward Wilson, R. Ransebottom, Westall Ramsbottom, Thomas Johnson, and - Miller, for the aid which they have rendered to the society in so sue cesifully introducing the ova. A letter was read from Major Michael, of Madras, saying he had sent down three pairs of jungle fowl to the society. The secretary reported that one pair had arrived by the mail steamer, the others having perished on the voyage. The superintendent reported the birth of a Sambur fawn and an Angora ewe kid. Tas Gai. v BRITArN.-The Argus of the 19th says :--The favourite steamship Great Britain, Captain Gray, received her passengers and gold yesterday, and sails at daylight this morning for Liverpool direct? She takes over 620 passengers-the largest number ever carried by any vessel from this port, This number, we believe, could have been largely increased if room could have been found for the applicants for pas sages, and the fact is a remarkable proof of the popularity of the unrivalled old ship and her officers. The gold she carries ex ceeds £400,000 in value. A very large number of friends accompanied Mr. O'Shannassy to the ship to bid him farewell A Murzoa.-"A very large meteor was observed on Saturday night last, at Ararat, which,for size and brilliancy," says the Adoertiser, "appears to be unsurpassed by any similar phenomenon that has lately been seen in this part of the dies. triot. The meteor was first observed about the zenith, from whence it tra versed the sky to the horizon in a north-westerly direction. When first seen it did not appear to be much larger than what is generally known a falling star, but as it approached the horizon it increased greatly in size and brilliancy, leaving behind it on its course a long train of blue fire that was visible for some time, and scattering thousands of luminous stars of a similar colour." Hosa DrMaas.-The Border Watch states that a disease resembling pleuro pneumonia in cattle has appeared amoug the homre stock at Blanche, and that several valuable animals had succumbed to it. The same disease is also prevalent at I Penola. A good many horses have died there of it Instant aid copious bleeding I is found to be the only effectual cur Qugawsts.aIw.--We are in receipt of New South Wales papers th the 10th inst The I Sydney Morning Herald at that date con. I tains the following telegram from -Bris e bane :-"The Auditor-General's report for last year shows a total revenue, including o land orders, of £631,431. The expenditure y was £617,996. The ways and means for a 1867 are estimated to amount to £800,000, * and the expenditure to £719,000. A new loan of £1,226,450 is proposed, to com plete the railways, for public works, iuelu 3 ding the lighthouses on Bustard Head and SSandy Cape, and for immigration. The i Treasurer's finanical statement was made r to-day, and the debate was adjourned. The immigration debate is on, and there appears to an unanimous feeling for an alteration I in the system. Tas RECALL. oF Sin CnA Leu DAIUNo. The Sydney Empire thus concludes an able article upoi, the subject of the recall of his Excellency Sir Charles Darling: - "Sir Charles Darling has evidently been the victiml of a clique. The Secretary of State cannot F be accused of any corrupt or dishonest mo tires in the course that he has taken; but it must be clear to all who read the correspon. dence that he has exhibited much ignorance of Australian affairs, and submitted his judgment to the guidance of what has not inaptly been termed 'back stairs' influence. His notion of the position of an 'Executive Councillor'-a person, namely, who has once been a colonial .\linister -and his defence of himself for not dismissing the persons who still claimed that nominal rank, is well ex posed by Governor Darling's remark that be himself had, by hi commission, power to take away the mock dignity of those persons if he had chosen to do so. The Governor has acted throughout in strict accordance with constitutional usage; in the manner in which he reminds the Coloaal Minister of affairs that had occurred between himself and Governor Eyre in Jamaica on a question of this kind, may suggest some unpleasant but possibly useful refeetieas. It is not likely that Mr. Cardwell will ever forgive St Charles Darling; but hss Excellesa is en titled to justice as the hands of her Majesty's Government, and to the warmest sympathy of all who cherish a regard for coestitutional freedom." Tai Porer -The Melbourne orrespon. dent of the Balliarat Star writes :-" lany of the farmers in Victoria who have hitherto grown nothing but cereals, are at last deter mined to turn their attention to other pro. ducts in the coming season. large hreadths of land are to be laid under tobacco and the poppy, the latter of course for the sake of the opium, also for the oil and a species ol oil. cake which may be extracted from the seeds. The last mentioned article is said to be good food for cattle, and can also be used as a manure." BRas.--"The untiring per*.reeraceslhibit. ed by bees," says the " Talbso Lead,.r," '" has bent tarned to go good accmnt Iy Mr. Charles S:hlieblies, of the Talbot Snap and Candle Work', whers e lw hail alnpmnrtauity yvster.lay of in-l.eeting the sdmirabler.ar r.ange.rent ',madet for their salety and accemo .lation. Mr. Sclieblich owns at present twenty-fle'-lire,, which he 's'inaites to con- tarit no less thtan 400,000 innmates; who have since the conlnencement of the ye5ar displaed the sadvantages arisig from the 'stalhlishstent of local inlu'ntry by pr.lucing 1,0001b. of honey, which qeiantitv he will obtain after leaving the prodlucesr sufficient fur their s·utensnce during the winter nonth,. Mr. Schieblieh sltaes .that, notw itihtansling the fecondity of his bees, his stick has not in ereasel to the extent el?petctl, owing to the esverlte eof time drought, the gI, trees in tlhe neigthbosrhonll br.ing the chief source from which they obtasin their eulgply of boney. The profit realie.l on each hive he calcuites at LI tier annsum." Divoace Law ra IN[AwA -'IThe husband or the wife wishing to he divorced, has only o leave his or her partner in another State, repair to Indiana, reside there six months, then swear to an "incompatibility of tem per" between him or herself and the said partner, and swear-what are lover's oaths? -that the object of the suit is not to form another marriage, and the divorce is at once ordered. Practically, one who desires a divorce goes to Indiana, gives his ease with a certain fee, to a lawyer, and is presented with a decree in seven months from his ar rival. In travelling throeah ladissa I bave often seen lounging about the hotels or in the fields reading novels or carrying on Airtatiois with the prospective divorees. these wander ing forms of a dead past witingl to bheore over to the Elysian fields of a siangle blessed ness. In the old settlements of the eastern part of America, "going to Indiana" has as significant a meaning, -as "going to Coven try ;" but in the far west there ia little doubt that the Indiana law marks the direction in which the tide of popular sentiinent is set ting. And, indeed, now that a divorce does not in that region involve the ruin of the ebaracter of either party, it is remarkable with what equanimity either learns that the other has, in the phrase of the place "fled a hill." A distinguished politician and senator of Indiana, becoming interested in the move ment for making Kansas a free state left his wife and repaired to the territory, intending to return soon. Becooaing, however, identi fed with the struggles of Kanase the senator stayed away very long. Ilis wife at length demanded his return. He wrote back that it was impossible to return. lls wile waited a little, and then wrote declaring that unless he returned by a stated tune she would sue for a divorce. The senator made no reply, but gave her a glowing account of the patriotic movement in which he bore a part. The next letter he received wsa from the clerk of a court in Indiana, informing him that his wife had Sled a bill, with another from a lawyer to defend him. The senator wrote back to the lawyer uas follow :--'Dl)ear Sir, yours to hand. My wife says she will not stand .my long absence. If I were she I would not stand it either. I shdll ofer no opposition to her suit. Yours, - ." rwo years later, when this senator returned to Washington as the senator of the free state of Knsas, visited his old home in Indiana, and found his wife still blooming and hand- • aome, and surrounded by admircrs. With the rest he visited her from time to time, be came presently the accepted lover, and was remarried to her.--Fauer's Magatiss. TASa IAn FLAx.--The Geelong Re giater atates that " since the anmouneement of the establisahment of the Bellarine steam flax mill, the proprietor, Mr. M'Andrew, has had numerous offers froum Tasmania to supply fla straw; and in one or two in stancem the proposition has been made to gruw it there and ship it to Mr. WAndrew in any quantity fur dreming." 