( A DEED OF DARKNESS. ,i (/Vcm the Argoty,) i- When, after a forced absonco.(from political motives) of fifteen years, I was enabled in 184S to go back to my own country, ono of tho . first persons to welcomo my return was an old student, whoso namo had not so much as onco met my ejo or my car for tho last twelve years, and whoso oxistonoo I had well-nigh forgotten. Curzio and I wore of about tho samo ago, had bean at school and collcgo at tho samo timo in Gonoa, had, without boiog very inti mate, sown somo of our wild oats togothor, and wcro actually embarked in tho samo political boat when it oapsized. How he managed to keep afloat while I sunk, and by wbat con course of circumstances wo camo to lose sight of each other for so long, aro matters irrelevant to my purpose, Suffico it to say that Ourzio called on tho morrow of my arrival, and looked so pleased to see me, spoko of old times so feel ingly, and of myself so affectionately, that his genial warmth told upon mo instantly, oand I cdmo up to his tomporaturo in no timo. In looks ho was scarcely altered, but his manner and conversation woro aingurlarly improved. Ho talked well and a good doal, for which he humourously apologized by saying that ho bad been gagged all his lifo and that ho must now mako up for lost opportunities. Meeting after so long a separation in such ovontful times, wo ran no risk of looking topics of conversation. Wo spent a few hours togothor very agreeably, at the end qf whioh wo both made tho pleasant disoovery that wo had novor been such good frionds as wo woro now. ' You must ootne and see mo in my wilds," eaid ho, as ho was leaving. y Of course I shall, as soon as I have a little leisure," said I. " I cannot take a put off," ho replied ; "ripe grapes cannot wait; you must really contrive to come within tho week. I havo something like a vintage to tempt you, a rarity not to be . disdained now-a-days." That it was a rarity I know to my cost, for this was the socond year that, owing to tho oidium, my vineyards had not yielded a singlo grape. ' In short, ho insisted with so much good grace on my naming a day, that I named it, Tho little town of tho Kiviora of Genoa, in whioh Curzio lived, was thrco hours walk from that in which I had pitched my tent for tho timo boing. It stood half way up a hill crowned by ilex and olive, and— shall I bo permitted to. add, that it commanded a beautiful vio& of land and sea ? I know that descriptions of natural scenery aro 'rococo in our sensational days, and I would fain not bo bohind my- timo. I was received with the utmost cordiality by tho master and tho. mistress of tho house. The. Ifldv ttfna n lifnnof n f„ll .f >1. i 1 T: / " " v»i cumauiur, auu A mado speedily great frionda with a bovy of black- oyod curly-haired little fellows, who had none of the squeamish bosbfulucss of their' " ago. My host had convoked for tho occasion tho ' ban ' and ' nrricre ban of tbo nota bilities of tho neighbourhood, and thero was a pretty largo number present. Let mo not for get to say that my old school-follow was mayor of the town, dootor of tbo parish, and tho largest landowner therein : thrco qualifications which oombioed to mako him socially, as ho was intolleotually, tho first personage of tbo place. t Tho vineyard whose golden riohes were des tined to fall under our knives and scissors, was soarcoly half an hour distant from Curzio's hoqse in the town. It was noarly noon when wo proceeded to it 'en masse,' and began our harvest. It is merry work and a pretty sight . this gathoring of grapes, especially when en Jivcncd, as it was in tho present ease, by the novor-ceasiag prattle and the gladdening tur- bulonco_ of a dozen joyous small husybodies tak ing their share, and mora than their share, in it. There is something intoxicating in the process. It seems as though tho gontlo stimu lant virtually contained in tho juioy fruit as- . sorted its' exhilarating powers' beforehand. My lipst told mo the lucky chanco to whioh was owing tho relative preservation of this vineyard from tho prevalent disease. Tho first year he had been as great a sufferer as bis neighbours ; only ono vine, which grew against his house, had, by a strange oxccption, brought forth healthy fruit. What might bo tho cause of this phenomenon ? By. dint of seeking, it occurred to his memory thut ono day, from tho window of his laboratory, below which grew tho vino, bo bad lot fall by obance a bag of full of sulphur, whioh spread itself over tho wholo plant. Acting upon this datum, he had tried sulphur next year on his vineyard amid tho socers of all round, and tho present fine vint- 8g9 was the result. " '"Thoy ought to raise a statuo to you," said L " I should bo well contented if they would only profit by my experience,", answered my friend, "but thoy won't; I am suro thoy won't for twenty years to come. Thoy aro tho slaves ' of routine and habit; everything in tho shapo of novelty, however beneficial, including tho statutes and self government, is a dead let ter to them." After expatiating at some length and with some warmth on this tbemo, be suddenly paused, then added, with some compunction, " I would not prcjudico you too muoh against these good folks, for good they arc, and have many excellent points. A more docile, sober, much-enduring population can hardly bo met with ; thero is a natural mildness in thoir blood, which renders deeds of- violence impos sible to them. Crime, one may - say, is un known in theso parts ; only do not speak to them of progress, they aro impervious to it." Ho spoko well and willingly, as I havo already remarked, and as I derived both plea sure and instruction from what ho said, I man aged to remain by his side during all tbo pro cess of tho vintago. A thorough practical man, familiar with the best methods of local cultivation, porfeetly acquainted with the strength and the weakness of the papulation among whom ho had spent his life, Curzio was for mo an invaluable cicerone on tho somewhat now ground on whioh I was treading. For if in my long sojourn abroad I had learned somo things of foreign countries, I had also un learned much about my own, which I had a very actnal interest to learn again. And I most say that most of tho information I gleaned from my friend was aftorwards fully confirmed by subsequent personal oxporicnco. Bat to ro- turn'to ouf vintago. i .What with cutting grapes, and what with doing nmplo honour to an 'excellent dinner served on tho grass, tho day was on tho wano before wo know whoro wo were. Our Ampby- trion, howovor, would not hoar of our going home without my first socing his ' Ucclliora.' Ibis was situated on a little ominenoe close by, pojhaps a hundred paces abovo tho vineyard in which wo had been working — a spot famous for catching birds of passago. Catching birds of passago is a favourito sport, I ought rather to saa passion, with all classes in Italy, an'd it was with a treat of this kjnd that my frioud intended to inaugurato tho second and last day of my visit. An Uceolliera' (fowling-box) I beg to explain, for tho benefit of tho uniniti ated, is a small stono hut, the sraallor tho better, from tho interior of which a person holding tho cords attached to a doublo net oat- side, spreading in opposito direotions, can at will, by a single twitch, bring tho nets toge ther, and thus enyclopo all tho birds impru dent onough to have ventured within tho cir cumjacent area. Tho amount of timo, of pa- tienco, of labour, of ingenuity, which aro lavished to lure and docoy tho feathered tribo into tho fatal snare iu something astonishing. Tho juiciest berries which may tompt a bird out of its road hang from the Bhrubs all round tho narrow onolosuro, tho choicest seeds straw tho ground ; caged birds hidden among tho foliago, (somo barbarously blinded that they may sing at all seasons) call from thoir prison to their frco brethren, while others, tiod to ono end of a short polo, are, by its boing sud denly raised, set fluttering most invitingly. These, and an infinity of other, devices, lie in wait for tho winged wayfarers. Tho sport may bo objected to on more grounds than one,, bnt certainly not on that of want of oxcite- mcnt. I havo seen grave senators, pale with emotion at tho approach of a flook of wild pigeons, cnt capers at a happy catch, or bo out of sorts all day at having missed a flight of linnets. Feeling rather tired and heavy with my day's work, and having besides to get up bo- times (tho rendezvous at tho '.Ucolliora' was for fivo in tho morning), I bogged leavo at about half-past nino iu tho evening to retire to my room, and I was in tho act of going thither when a professional summons camo for the Doctor to attend a woman in labour at somo distance. In the uncertainty of how long he might be detained," porhaps the whole night, it was arranged between us, that if by four in tho morning bo had not come to call mo, as previously agreed on, I should go by myself to tho place of rendezvous. Ho would join mo us soon as possible, and at all events I should find thoro somo of tho gentlemen with whom I hud spent the day in the vineyard. Was I sure, quito sore, of being able to find my way alone to tho ' Uccelliera' ? As sure as I was that I oould Gad my way to bed. My llead was scarcely on my pillow when I foil asleep; and so sound was my slnmbor, that whon I did awako. it was with a sense of having overslept myself. I lighted a match, auu uy lis uncertain little uamo t looked at my watch — ten minutes past four. Sinco Curzio had not come to rouse me, no doubt ho had had to remain all night with his patient ; so I rose, Irarriod on my clothes, stole softly down stairs, lighted solely by my cigar, and glided out of tho houso. It was darker than tho hour sceuitd to warrant, and at first I could scarcely sco two steps before mc ; but this was only for a fow moments. In propor tion as t weat along, so did tho outlines of the neighbouring ohjeot3 begin to shapo them selves, though as yet dimly; tho air was heavy and damp, not a star was visible. Nevertheless tho way to tho 'Uceolliera' was so easy — straight so far along tho main road, and thon to tho right, through a lano dwindling to a path — that I could not havo missed it if I would. The fowling-box lookod as if tenanted by Morpheus himself, so profoundly quiot was everything about it. To my surprise tho door was shut, and yet it must necessarily havo boon closo upon fivo o'clock -It. was stran but what was strangest of all , was, that there should not bo tho slightest indication of inci pient dawn in tho east. I took out my watoh, and— tli8 mystery was explained. It was only a quarter to three ! I had taken myself in famously. In my hurry and drowsiness I had mistaken the minute for the hour hand. What was I to do ? Should I return to tho house, and run tho risk of rousing my hostess by knocking for admittance, or should I walk and smoke during tho timo to clapso boforo fivo ? Now, it 'J of my constitutional weaknesses to abhor inflicting unnecessary iuconvcnienco on any of my friends, old or now, so I speedily determined in favour of tho peripatotic process, and began leisurely to retrace' tbo way I had como. As I was nearing tho lano abutting on tho main road.it began- to . rain pretty, fast. I knew of a place near at band, for it bad at- .tractcd my notice the day before, where I could find shelter, and I mado for it at once- This was an arcbcd recess in one ofl'tha walls of tbo lnno abovo mentioned, havingljnst room enough in it fur a well breast-high with a stono scat behind it. Tho well bad been abandoned, and was covered ; it served now as a resting- place for peasants and their loads. Tho walls, or ' iuuricciuoli,' which roso twice atl least my height on each sido, let but little light pene trate into this species of holo ; enough though, after my eyes had had timo to got accustomed to tho obscurity, to discern tho round shape of tho woll under my noso, and to havo a faint perception that thero stood opposito to mo somothiug more solid than air, which might well chance to bo another wall, or 'muricciuolo.' Having by this timo finished my j cigar, I I crossed my arms, Napoleon-like, pver my breast, shut my eyes, and asked myself if I eouid bond fide declare myself toibo that identical individual who, hut one short week ago, was buying Giusti's 'Poesio,' atTruehy's, on tho Boulovart des Italians ; and while I was considering the question, I felt touched by a magic wand, and convoyed to the Boulovart aforesaid, where tbo first thing I saw was a patrol of soldiers bearing down on mo with measured tread. A sound of footsteps, not dreamed of this time, real footsteps of several persons rever berating through the narrow passage, fell upon my ear. They came from tho heights, I moan from the sido opposito to tho town, and : had somewhat of tho regular tramp of soldiers, or funoral bcurors. I strained my eyes— one, two, throe— thoy passed mo, but for the sound of thoir-stcps, like a spectral possession, slow, solemn, muto, The first, a littlo in advanco of the others, curried what I surmised to ho iron tools, from tho jingling thoy inado. Between the second. and tho third there was tho length of something they boro upon thoir shoulders, and which accounted for tho regular measure of their step— a something long and and dark, save where it protruded beyond the baok of tho second hearer. This end, all wrapped in white, had a round faotastio shapo, than which no- vuiug uuuiu -uo muro suggesuvo ot a snrouaoa bead. Tho illusion was so completo, that I could not repress a shuddor, which,' after a moment's reflection, was followed by a sinilo, My curiosity, anyhow, was strongly ox- cited. IVbere could thoy bo going ? What was it thoy woro carrying ? After all, might it not really ho a corpse, tho viotim of somo accident, being carried homo by friends or neighbours 1 As I was thus cogitating, ' the footsteps stopped, to begin almost immediately, but os it seemed o mo, in another direction, and with less distinctness. I cautiously, fol lowed in their wake, and soon found myself at tho foot of ono of tho ragged flights of stono steps whioh at ovory turn givo access to: tho olivo plantations of thc'Bivicro; there Fcaino to a stand, and listened. My mysterious trio had evidently gono up that way, for tho ooho of theijfeet camo now, a . littlo deadened, from above mo. I went up thrco of tho stono steps; tho tramp ceased all at onco, ton seconds of dead stillness then tho thump of Bomotbing heavy dropped on the earth. " Hush 1" said a voice, reprovingly, " to work, and the quicker tho hotter. Hist, what's that ? somebody on the watch ?" It was only I, who, iu ascending another step had unwarily dislodged a loose stono, whioh had rolled down noisily. The fourth stop had brought my eyes on a level with the adjacent ground, a flat square, and as far as I could see, thickly planted with trees. Strain my oycs. as I would, I could distinguish no thing but a vista of trunks. "Only somo ferret," suggested a second voice, after a pause, employed, I fancy, in lis tening, and during which I had scarcely dared to breatho. "More liifply a fox," opined a third voice;' "there is plenty of that vermin hereabouts." "Lot us Iiopo so," resumed tho first voice; "I would rather not bo caught at this sort of business." '' Nor I" — " Nor I" assented tho_other two voices in succession. Although thoy spoko in whispers, I did not lose a syllable of what thoy said ;. but why should they speak in whispers? Voice No. I, mado itsolf heard again. " This holo is not doop onougb, dig deeper — softly.'' A spado was in motion instantly. Tho mention of a holo ('fossa') had- an omi nous sound to my cars. A hole, and to bury what ? One had evidently been prepared be forehand ! What could this portend ? "Was I really on the track of some foul deed 1 " There, that will do," said voice No. I., and tho sound of tho spado ceased. Where is the body ? Bring it hero." Tho body (' il morto i) my hair stood on end. Tho thing for which ho had asked was not brought hut dragged to him. Tho lower- ing ui ii. lum mu liurm hook long, ana was at tended by difficulty. I could hear. the hard breathing of ibo : raon under tho exertion; I could hear them moving about, and going to and fro in search of tools, as I supposed to fa cilitate thoir task. At last it was accomplished, and nothing remained hut to shovel in tho earth. This was done quickly but cautiously, ny thrco spades all working at onco. Thou there was tho sound of tho stamping of feet, on tho freshly-tumod ground. A fiendish euccr from spokesman No. I. crowned the horror of the scene. "Woieavo you in your snug berth ; stay there in peace, and tell, no tales." Such was tho witty, sally with which probably the iffurdcrcr parted from his victim. It was received' -with suppressed laughter by tho two wretches, his accomplices. Thereupon thoy all left, two went up, the third down tho hill at full gallop, and across tho country in tbo direction of tho town. I stood transfixed as though spellbound for somo minutes, and then I too set off as fast as I could back to my friend's bouse, harassed by a fooling impossible to describe. My .band was on tho knocker, whon tho door oponod, and a peasant issued forth. I asked liirn if tho Doctor was at homo. Ho said yes — adding something complimentary about my being so early a riser. Judgo of tho shock I got when I rooognised tho voice of the chief actor in tho late drama ! I looked tho man full in tho faco. Ho struck mo as having a . most patibulary countenance, and I ontired tho houso. Curzio, canalo in hand, was at tho top of tho stairs. " Is that you ?" " Yes, it is mo." " Where tho deuco do you como from, dripping wet; and with that haggard foco ?" " From witnessing a deed of darkness," I replied. Nonsense— wbat do you mean ?" and ho stared at mo in alarm. " Como to my room, and you shall hear," said I. And as sopn as wo were closeted, I told him my tale, told it with an emotion and conviction that wcro infectious. Poor Curzio looked like a ghost himself, as ho thrust both bands into his hair, protesting vohomently and incoherently that it oouid not bo, that I was tho dupe of somo hallucination. " Would to God I wore !" said I. By-the- by, who is that man I mot just now leaving tho houso ?" " That's Bastin, my bailiff, as trustworthy a follow — — " "Your trustworthy follow is a villain," cried I ; "ho was ono of tho thrco, and thoir ohief." This revolution had a queer and unoxpcctcd effect on my friend. His fear- contraoted fea tures relaxed, his rigid mouth distended, and he burst forth into ono of tbo most glorious laughs I ever heard from mortal lips. " My mulborrios," ho chuckled ; " I soo it oil now, it is my mulberries." It was my turn to stare at him ; and it took him somotimo to recover composure onough to givo mo tho following explanation : — " You must know that over since the nppearanco of oidium, I lmve had it in my mind to try whether mulberry trees oould or could not bo grown with success on our slopes, but ouo tiling or another obliged me to postpono tho experi ment. If wo could add tho produco of silk worms to that of our olives, it would bo a great help to us in our years of bad crop or no crop ut oil. I must not forget to say that public feeling hereabouts is most opposed to tbo culti vation of mulberry trees : first, because it is u novelty, and consequently an abiniination ; secondly, on account of a certain local tradi tion, tho origin of which lias baffled all my re searches. Onco on a time, according to this tradition, tho rearing of silkworms was tbo chief industry'of these parts, and tho women sufficing for tho work, nothing was loft for tho men but to starve or emigrate. To arguo about tho absurdity of this last consequence would bo liko pounding water in u mortar — it is an article of faith with our folks. Well, a fow days ago, I received from a friend of mino, a grower of mulberry trees iu Piedmont, a sample of saplings, six in numbor, I believe, and I gavo Bastiun ordors to plant them. Ho at first , mado a very wry taco, and then, attcr a good deal of circumlocution, asked mo if I should havo any objection to his pla.nting them by night. I inquired why at night ruthcr than by day— I had of courso guessed the reason. You shall havo his answer in his own words ; it is instructivo in many ways. ' Why ' says ho, if I put in theso trees by day, and I am seen doing it, as I must be, I shall bo a marked man for the rest of my lifo, which would bo especially vexatious for mo, who havo both . wifo and children ; whereas if I do it by night, and nobody sees mo, nobody oan fix tho odium of tho deed upon mc, and suppese any ono suspects mo my No is as good as thoir Yos.' I granted bis rcquost, and thus it camo to pass that the planting of my half-dozen young trees had to be accomplished as though it wcro a midnight crime." Seen by tho now light thrown upon thorn by Curzio's explanation, the features of tho caso lost their phantasmagorio halo, and re sumed their natural appearance. The shrouded licad was but the roots of tbo saplings tied to gether with a cloth to preserve tho native earth adhering to them ; tbo body ('il morto') was but a oomuionly used Italian figure of speech to denote anything tbo objcot of somo mystery (tho saplings in our case), the same as sayinga "dead secret;" Bastian's fiendish sneer was only an innocent joke far from inappropriate to tho circumstance ; his patibulary countenance a freak of my heated fancy, etc. cto. And so nothing remained, save a littlo laogh at its dis coverer, of tho Deed of Darkness. TWO MEN KILLED BY THE ACCIDENTAL EXPLOSION OF BLASTING POWDER AT MAC'S REEF.— The ' Queanbeyan Age' says :— Quite a gloom has been thrown over the entire com- munity of this district by tidings which reached town on Saturday morning last, to the effect that Mr. Dennis Keefe and Mr. Charles Loftus had been killed on the previous evening by the accidental explosion of a shot which deceaseds were at the time in the act of tamping in a shaft in the prospector's claim at Mac's Reef. It is a remarkable fact, that on the morning of the day of the fatal occurrence preparations had been made for a blast, and the man who fired the same had been drawn up preparatory to the explosion, when, after waiting a proper length of time, and no blast occurring, it was concluded that the fuse had burned out, and the man descended the shaft to drill out the plug. He was in the act of doing so, when a presentiment arose in his mind that the shot was about to explode, and he instantly threw himself flat on his face. He had scarcely done so, when a blast occurred which, but for his presence of mind, and the remarkable presenti- ment, must have killed him instantly, as he was leaning over the plug. On the noise of this explosion being heard at the top of the shaft, consternation filled every mind, as it was believed the man below had been killed. The alarm was given to both of the deceased who occupied the same tent ; but so paralysed were they at the tidings that a considerable time elapsed before they made their appearance, Keefe then observing that he had received a shock to his nerves that he should not get over for a fortnight. Meanwhile some one had descended the shaft, when, to the relief of all, it was found that the man was uninjured. The blast which killed Keefe and Loftus occurred at about five o'clock in the evening, and was to have been the last shot previous to giving over work for the week ; and that very even- ing Keefe was to have finally left the reef and have gone to his farm. At the time of the explosion two men were at the windlass in readiness, upon receiving a given signal, to draw up the two deceased, and it was whilst awaiting that signal that they heard the ex- plosion. Anticipating the results to be more or less serious, they let down the rope in the hope that at least one of the unfortunate men might be able to ascend ; but upon drawing it up they found attached to it a dreadful intima- tion of the nature of the injuries inflicted ; a slipper made fast to the rope, in which was a handful of blood and grit, placed there, it was afterwards found, by Loftus, who at that period was alive. Immediately thereupon help was sent down the shaft, when the dead body of Keefe was discovered, and poor Loftus found still alive though fearfully torn. He was con- scious and complained of suffering, and repeat- edly inquired after Keefe, and took all the blame (if there was any) upon himself. He lingered till the next morning, when death terminated his sufferings. " Ma, I've struck an oil spring 1" cxclaitnod a young hopeful, tho other day, as ho dipped a slice of bread into the gravy bowl. . Mrs. Partington asks, very indignantly, if tho bills before Parliament are not counterfeit, why there should be so much difficulty iu passing thorn. 