ARRIVAL OF THE PANAMA MAIL. ENGLISH NEWS TO 2ND JULY. The City of Melbourne arrived from Sydney about half-past nine o'clock last night, and brings the intelligence re- ceived at Sydney on Saturday by the P. N.Z, and A. Company's s.s. Kaikoura. The dates are—London, 2nd July ; New York, 11th July ; California, 10th July ; and Panama, 24th July. FOREIGN NEWS. LATEST WAR INTELLIGENCE. Home News Office, Monday, July 2. We have given above an account, founded on telegrams from Berlin, of decisive vic- tories on the 27th and 28th June over the Austrians by the armies under the command of the Prince Royal of Prussia and Prince Frederick Charles. Now we publish the Vienna telegram, which claims for the Aus- trian army decisive victory on both points. It is distinctly stated that the troops of the Prince Royal recrossed the frontier towards Glatz, that the army of Prince Frederick Charles retreated to Niemes, north-east of Tiermau and Munchengratz, therefore nearer the Prussian frontier on that side, and that the junction of the Prussian armies was pre- vented. In a case where representations be entirely conflicting as those of the Berlin and Vienna telegrams are made it is, of course, impossible to say on which side the truth lies. That one of them must be grossly deceiving the public is obvious, unless we are to suppose that the battle, which lasted two days, remained undecided, and that each party, therefore, claimed the victory. Not only does each side claim the victory in the field, but the Berlin accounts state that the Prussians took Munchengratz, while the Vienna accounts state that the Prussians were driven considerably to the north-east of that place. The following official despatch, dated Vienna, June 20, 8.15 a.m., relates to the battles of June 28 :— Pardubitz, June 29. The Prussians were yesterday completely defeated by the Austrian force under General von Gablenz. Leaving behind 1,000 killed and wounded, they withdrew to Prussian ter- ritory towards Glatz. After occupying Jicin yesterday, the Prussians were attacked by the cavalry division of General von Edelsheim ; they were driven out of Jicin, and repulsed towards Tiernau. In consequence of this defeat, the Prussians last night evacuated Melnik, Druba, and Leipa, and withdrew in great haste to Niemes. The Prussian losses by General von Edelsheim's attack were enor- mous. The strategic operation of the Aus- trian army was completely successful. The junction of Prince Frederick Charles with the army of Silesia was prevented. The Austrian loss in the battles of the last three days is estimated at nearly 2,000killed and wounded. The Prussian loss is at least equal. Vienna, July 1. The first Austrian army corps and the Saxon corps were repulsed yesterday by the Prussians. In consequence of this repulse, the Austrian army fell back in the direction of Konigsgratz. The following official telegram, dated Prague, June 30, was published in Vienna on July 1 :— Engagements took place yesterday at Kost, near Turnau, and at Chwalkowitz, between Kalitz and Konigshof, in the district of Jungbunzlau, which resulted favourably to the Austrians. Bohmnisk and Kamnitz have been evacuated by the Prussians. The latter were also defeated, while flying from Flicin, by the combined Austrian and Saxon forces. They left their dead and wounded on the field. Berlin, July 1. The following official despatch has been received from the head-quarters of the Crown Prince of Prussia :— "The result of the three days' fighting, in which the 5th Prussian corps has been en- gaged, cannot be too highly estimated. On the 27th it was opposed by the 6th Austrian corps, under General Ramming. A letter was found, addressed by the latter to General Benedek, in Josephstadt, which affords com- plete proof that the forces under his com- mand were thoroughly exhausted. He therein requested General Benedek to send him two fresh brigades, in order that his troops might bivouac under their protec- tion ; and acknowledged that they would not be able to fight on the following day. The 6th Prussian corps was, therefore, opposed on the 28th and 29th by the corps of the Arch- duke Leopold and General Testetics. The fighting on these two days extended over a much greater line than on the 27th. The Austrian corps under General Gablenz was completely broken up. Besides innumerable prisoners, twenty guns, five colours, and two standards, belonging to the corps of General Gablenz, fell into the hands of the Prussian troops." A great number of workmen have left here for Dresden, to erect entrenchments. Lauban, July 1. It is announced that the total loss of the Austrians up to the present is 20,000 men. (FROM THE DAILY TELEGRAPH, JULY 2.) THE BATTLES IN BOHEMIA. Vienna, June 29, 8.15 p.m. The following official despatch relates to the battles of the 28th inst. :— (Official.) Reichenberg, July 1. The Prussian army in Bohemia is making victorious progress. The fifth and third divisions took Gitschin by storm on the 29th ult. The Prussian loss was not incon- siderable, the enemy's position being very strong. The loss sustained by the Austrians is estimated at about 4,000 men. DEPARTURE OF THE KING OF PRUSSIA FOR THE ARMY. Berlin, June 30. The King left here to-day, and will arrive to-morrow morning at Reichenberg. His Majesty was most enthusiastically cheered by the crowds assembled in the streets from the palace to the railway station. Intelligence received here states that the Austrians have evacuated Oswiecin. Mulhausen, June 30. The King of Hanover left here to-day for Frankfort. Berne, June 30. The Austrians have forced their way through the Tonale Pass Into the Val Ca- monica. Berlin, July 1. King Victor Emmanuel has sent a tele- gram to the King of Prussia, congratulating His Majesty upon the recent success of the Prussian arms. (from the daily telegraph special COR- respondent with the prussian army.) Reichenberg, June 24. At last we have entered Bohemia. As far as the eye can reach it sees only columns ad- vancing and sweeping past. On crossing the borders and defiling before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never- ending acclamations and snatches of song-" Ich bin ein Preusse," " Oh du Deutsch- land, ich muss marechiren," " Hinaus in die ferne mit lautem hornerklang," and so forth. The strophe " Der freiheite hauch geht machtig durch die welt" is still ringing in my ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of moun- tain, standing out in sharply-defined outline against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spurs from column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans, with the help of the telescope and the map, the range of country before us. The Prince's head-quarters are for the time being—probably only for a day—at Schloss Harfenetein, the property of the general of the army confronting us. Clam Gallas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for us ; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Heertrommel "—drums of the regiment—because they were only|heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondre- court commands under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camping round the fires towers a horrible statue—that of St. Nepo- muck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, in- fantry, repose in marching order, partly in the streets and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyra- mids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up in long rows. In spite of the enormous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots were heard at a dis- tance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bring- ing in our first prisoner, two Radetsky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear-cut features and a dark defiant expres- sion. While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast ; and now the rain pours in f\torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of light- ning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven, and—in the mud. Every fire is extinguished ; never- theless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are heard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau to Reichenberg, alarms were con- stantly sounded—what for, I am unable to say. Today, too, the troops have been re- peatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear- guard of the enemy ; a vain hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to con- front us in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Reichenberg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The 35th and 60th (the Zouaves of the army), the 24th and 64th (the victors at Alsen), in spite of their diminutive figures, strike the beholder wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. Aud how the splendid fellows glory in the prospeot of a rough tussel with an enemy superior in numbers ! The Po- meranians form a striking contrast to the lithe, supple Brandenburgers. One gives these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit—even before proof—for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they, too, like their forefathers in the War of Libe- ration, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous—I should say irresistible : but whether, like the Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly. Reichenberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country, surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysteilous and ghost-like Iit rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the hills lie the famous battlefields of Zia\ska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The appear- ance of the distant hills grows more threaten- ing. The mists roll together in heavy com- pact masses, and settle on the mountain-tops, shrouding them from our view. Thither- ward lies our line of match. What awaits us there ? I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which will herald in the first great battle. "Both parties claim the victory." It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike persist in asserting, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documente, &c.; ; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are severally represented by the organs ot their opponents as not much better than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion aa to who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing the several statements, and waiting for con- firmation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. According to the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung, the Prussians have been beaten back, not in one, but in three different places, in Bohemia and Galacia, and the result of these victories is compared to that of three simultaneous decisive defeats suffered by Napoleon in 1813, which led up to the decisive battle of Leipsic. The Saxon army is said to have behaved with great bravery in these last encounters ; and it is expected that the Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Corps will also soon show what the German army can do against the Sonderbundler. The paper even goes so far as to advise the King of Prussia to follow the example of Charles Albert after the battle of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the country, be as to enable it to obtain a more favourable peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still greater sacrifices for the restoration of the Bund. However, the qualifying remark is added, that this is only a wish, the fulfilment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official Norddeutsche Alltgermeine Zeitung has the following :—" The opponents of Prussia are attempting to disseminate through the foreign presa the invention that Prussia intends annexing Hanover and Electoral Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia for many weeks has made untiring exertions to bring about the es- tablishment of a German Parliament, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the formation of a new Bund in no way interferes with the independence of the German States." The same paper talks, however in another article of the Hanoverian Government of King George and his Minister as the " former Hanoverian Go- vernment," which expression is repeated several times, and looks rather ominous. The Bavarian Government have vainly tried to obtain a loan in Paris and elsewhere, and it is now stated that the National Bank of Austria has come to the rescue with a con- siderable advance in ready cash, which was probably lying idle in the coffers, as no more specie payments are made by the bank. The terms are understood to be anything but easy. In the Grand Duchy of Baden, which was last in deciding upon mobilisation, and join- ing the Austro-Federals, they are now making up for the lost time, and arming with all pos- sible speed. The troops will join the 8th Federal Army Corps, under Prince Alexander of Hesse. A letter from Baden in the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung warns against the danger of allowing the Ultramontane party to deliver up the country altogether to Austria, which would be as bad as getting into the hands of the "Great Prussian" party. The writer winds up with " God save us from both, and give Germany the victory." The Elector of Hesse Cassel, who is " stay- ing" at Stettin, has the privilege of removing to Königsberg if, on account of the cholera or other reasons, he should desire to do so. The Castle of Stettin, where he resides, was formerly the residence of the Dukes of Pome- rania, the last of whom was Boguslaw XIV., who died in 1637. It has before been used as a kind of state prison. The Governments still represented at Frankfort have deter- mined that the Government of Electoral Hesse is to be carried on in the name of the Elector by a commissioner. The Federal troops are to act in conjunction with the army of Field-Marshal Benedek according to a joint plan of operations. It is said that all the Austro-Federal troops are to wear the badge with the German colours. The Duke of Coburg about six or eight weeks ago took the procaution of selling his large family property, Grelnburg, In Upper Austria, to his cousin, Duke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gotha have agreed to the proposal for a union with Prussia, and declared that the German Confederation is to be considered as dis- solved. They have also voted the credit de- manded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing, and to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubeck has agreed to the Prussian proposals for the formation of a new German Confederation, and promised that its contingent shall in no way be used against Prussia. The Senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the proposal, but de- clined placing its contingent at the disposal of Prussia. Bremen leaves its contingent in connexion with the Oldenburg army. Bruns- wick wishes to remain neutral. The federal contingents of the Prussian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Landwehr of the second ban and part of the reserve, are to be formed into two new reserve corps of the Prussian army. In some organs of the German press it has been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace had been made by Austria at Berlin, through special confidential agents. Accord- ing to these rumours Prussia was to have all Hohenzollern, and part of former Austrian possessions, now divided between Baden, Wur- temberg, and Bavaria. On the other hand, it is stated that Herr von Sydow, formerly Prussian representative at the German Diet, has, during the last few days, been twice called to the King of Prussia, and it is as- serted that an important mission to the Em- peror of Austria was to be confided to him. He did not accept it. Herr von Sydow is re- ported to be in favour of the maintenance of the Confederation. Some of the guns and war materiel taken at Stade have already arrival at Flensburgh, in Schleswig. The Holstein Verordnungsblatt contains an official notification that young men liable to the conscription cannot obtain the usual per- mits to leave the country and stay abroad, except under the special authority of the Oberpresident. The Hanoverian army that surrendered to the Prussians consisted of eighteen battalions of infantry and a battalion of chasseurs, one Haubitz battery, two batteries of 12 pounders, and three batteries of 1 pounders, six regiments of cavalry, hussars, cuirasaiers, and dragoons. An Austrian officer of high rank is said to have been In command. The following official report has been re- ceived in Berne from the head- quarters of Colonel von Salis, at Santa Maria, on the Valteline frontier:— " Santa Maria, June 26. " Information arrived here states that the 4th Canonniere in the Stelvio Pass is occu- pied by three companies of Austrian Kaiser jagers. A force of from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry and artillery are a little distance in the rear. The thunder of cannon was heard this morn- ing at Santa Maria, Munster, and Taufers. Bavarian troops are expected at Mais." Berlin, June 30. The following despatch has been received here from His Royal Highness the Crown Prince :— "Reinerz, June 27. " I have most respectfully to report to your Majesty as follows upon the events of to- day :— " On the afternoon of the 26th General von Steinmetz had pushed forward his vanguard, under Major-General von Lowenfeldt, towards Ñachod. After a short engagement, the latter got possession of the pass, which was abandoned by the Austrians, with a loss of eighteen killed. The vanguard threw out skirmishers in the direction of Skalitz. " At half-past nine this morning the van- guard was sharply attacked by two brigades of the 6th Austrian corps, well provided with artillery, and followed by a third brigade as support. The Prince Holstein's heavy cavalry division at the rame time appeared upon the field. By the efforts of the vanguard, which withdrew slowly skirmishing, time was gained for the main body of the corps to emerge from the pass, and reach the heights immediately in front. At this moment I came up in good time from Brannau. As the troops arrived they were immediately thrown forward to hold the nearest heights, the Kirchbach division to the right, and the Lowenfeldt division to the left. The entire artillery, ninety guns, was brought up into the line of battle, to meet which the enemy was reinforced by the last brigade of the 6th Corps and its reserve artillery. The advance of the enemy was soon checked, and as soon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regiment and reserve, had taken up its position, we were enabled energetically to assume the offensive. The hostile Prince Solm's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the 1st Uhlans and 8th Dragoons, under General von Wnuck, after a desperate hand-to-hand combat. Each regi- ment captured a hostile standard. General von Wnuck, Colonel von Treshaw, and Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the com- manders of both regiments, received honour- able wounds. "The infantry, whose fire had been of ad- mirable effect, attacked at various points with the bayonet, and took possession of the ad- vanced woodland and surrounding ground. In these operations the flag of the 3rd Deutsch- meister battalion fell into our hands. "Towards three p.m., all the enemy's troops were in retreat followed up by the fire of our artillery. One detachment of the 1st Uhlans succeeded in capturing two guns ; three others were abandoned in the hasty retreat. The cavalry, supported by some of the infantry, engaged in temporary pursuit, while the bri- gade of the 6th Corps that came up towards evening undertook the vanguard. I returned to Nachod abont six o'clock, after I had seen almost all the troops that had been engaged upon the field, and had thanked them in your Majesty's name. " The battle of to day is an honour to General von Steinmetz and the 5th Army Corpe. I cannot sufficiently praise the extra- ordinary coolness of the young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in the dis- charge of their duty. The needle gun effected considerable slaughter, and caused the failure of all the enemy's attacks, which were under- taken with great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare powers of endurance in face of the hostile fire, at first greatly superior, and the cavalry showed itself more than a match for the so-much-vaunted Austrian horse. Upon the Austrian side, twenty- eight battalions were under fire, from all of which prisoners have fallen into our hands. The 6th Corps, on the other hand, had only twenty-two battalions to op- pose to this force, and of these the troops kept in reserve only came under the fire of gren- ades. The brilliant success of the day has been purchased with comparatively slight Ioss. From all I have seen I estimate it at from 500 to 600 men, among whom are a very considerable number of our brave officers. In addition to those already mentioned among the superior grades, I have to report Major von Natzmer, of the 8th Dragoons, killed; Major-General von Ollech and Colonel von Walther, commander of the 46th Regiment, wounded. The enemy's loss is, on the other hand, very large. Over 2,000 prisoners are in our hands. His dead lay in many places in heaps, so that I estimate his total loss at over 4,000 men. " The trophies taken were the above-men- tioned five guns, one flag, and two standards. I shall not fail to forward to your Majesty, as soon as possible, further details and a speoial list of lolses, together with the names of those who had the opportunity of especially dis- tinguishing themselves. " Frederick William, Crown Prince. General of Infantry and Commander-in- Ohief of the 2nd Army." The following official despatch refers briefly to the events of the ensuing day :— " Breslau, June 29, " I have to announce to your Majesty a second victory upon the 28th, more hotly contested and more sanguinary than upon the 27th. Great loss in officers and men, though that of the enemy decidedly greater. Some trophies have been again taken, but the number is still uncertain. Numerous prisoners have been made. Skalitz is in my hands. An order of Benedek's shows that I was opposed to-day by the Archduke Leopold, with the 6th and 8th Corps. After battles my troops are full of courage and enthusiasm breaking out into loud cheers. " Steinmetz." King William delivered the following speech to the people who brought him an address yesterday evening :— " I know your patriotism comes from the heart, and it is therefore grateful to mine. God has given our valiant armies the vic- tory, but this is only the beginning ; a diffi- cult task remains still to be accomplished. As victory has always attended our banners, with God's help, the future will be ours also. With this hope I go to the army to-morrow. Up, then, with God for King and Father- land !" His Majesty uttered the last sentenca in a loud voice, standing with bared head, and holding his helmet in his uplifted hand. CONFLICTS BETWEEN THE PRUSSIANS AND AUSTRIANS. (FROM THE HOME NEWS, JULY 2.) Marshal Benedek's movements were un- known until his troops came in front of the enemy, and then came the first encounter between the Austrians and the Prussians in a great battle, fought on Austrian ground, between Josephstadt and the frontier of Silesia. The Prussians were commanded by the Crown Prince. The various accounts received by telegraph made it uncertain at what point the Crown Prince intended seri- ously to invade the Austrian territory. The Pratsians were heard of at Oderberg and Oswiecin. at the extreme south-east of Siletia ; they were in possession of Zuomantel and Filedberg, having crossed the frontier opposite Neisse, and tbey were also operating further to the north-west. The centre of the Austrian line is supposed to have exteuded fiom about Turnan to Josepbstadt ; and it is with the main body of Bonedok'B army that the PruBBlaus have been engaged in tbia the first Geiman battle of the war. The troon» engaged advanced through Nachod and Neu- stadt to Skallez, whioh is within ten mllca of Josephetadt, and here, we may suppose, they were met by the Auatriaas in force. The battle began at ten o'clock on the morning of the 27th June, and lasted till six In the even- ing. The Prussians were repulsed from Ska Utz, the Austrian cavalry taking part in the action ; and the PruesiauB wero at the close of the day, according to the Austrian telegraphic despatch, in full retreat, leaving their dead and wounded on the fiold. The Prussian despatches are to the Jpjtcfc that, on the 28th June, the 3rd defeated; tha 10th Austrian Army Corps, under Getíeral Gablenz, after an obstinate engagement, in. which the AuBtrians lost Beveral thousand prisoners, several field-pieces, and a larga quantity df materiel The Austrian loss ia killed and wounded is placed at between 3,000 and 4,000. On the same day Prince Frederick Charlee, In junction with General Bitteitwld, captured Munchengratz, after a successful engagement with tno enemy, in which he took 800 priBonere. The Austrians retired ta> Furatenbruck with the loss oi 2,000 men. These encounters prove that the Prussians had advanced considerably beyond the frontier. Forstenbruok, to which the Aus- trians are Bald to have retired, is some twenty-five or thirty miles from the frontier, on the direct road to Prague, and wa may con- clude that the main body of the Prussian army had bo far found the way open to it in its in- vasion of the AuBtrian territory. But it ia not in this line alone that the Prussians are advancing. Whatever may have been the result of the battle of the 27tb, at Skaliez, the PruBBians appear to be Btill in full force be- tween the Sileeian frontier and Joaephatadt. The Prussian Fifth Corps, which is said to have been so successful against the Austrians in the battle of the 27th, was aeain opposed, on the 28th, to the Sixth and Eighth Aus- trian Corps, under the Archduke Leopold, and is reported to have gained signal advan- tages over it. The Moniteur of June 29 publishes intelli- gence from Berlin, dated the 28th, announcing that in afreeh engagement between'the Prus- sians and the Austrians, near Trautenau, the former captured ten guns and took many prisoners. The Austrians were com« pelled to fall back. The same paper also publishes an account cf an engagement be- tween the Hanoverians and Prussians, near Langensalza, which it states to have been without result. The Prussians lost two guns. A Berlin telegram of June 29 aunounces tho surrender of the Hanoverian army, consisting of upwards of '¿0,000 men. It is further stated that "the King and Crown Prince of Hanover, and the officers of the Hanoverian army, have pledged their word not to fight against Prussia during the present war. By the terms of the surrender, the Hanoverian officers retained their Bide arms, and the men were disarmed and sent to their homes. The war material waa given up to the Prussians." About 5,000 Austrian prisoners from Na- chod, and 3,000 from Trautenau, are reported to have boen sent on June 29, to Posen. A telegram from Frankfort announcea that the whole Federal Army has set out upon the march, and that an early engagement ia ox fected. All the news we have of the war in taly is that Garibaldi is at the Lake Idro, and that tbe Austrians have entered Valca monica, and arrived at Vezzia. Accoiding to a Florence telegram of June 29 (eveningli the Italian troops were taking up positions on the Oglio. The movement was being effected with perfect order, and the army was in excellent health and spirits. The Auatrians had not attempted to .cross the Mincio. FRANCE. There is little news from Franoo. The progress of events in Germany engrosses the attention of all to the exclusion of all things. The ordinary budget has passed through, the Corpa Législatif by a large majority. AU attempts to open discussion on the. present state of affuirs in Italy and Germany is vociferously and overbearingly put down by the Government's adherentB. It ia said the Emperor has ordered that no discussion shall take place at present. It is believed that negotiations are going on with great secrecy between France and .Austria, with the object of producing a rap- prochement between the Governments that may lead to a déduite understanding, and eventually to an alliance between them. The channel by which the negotiations ara conducted ib kept stiictly secret. It íb pro- bable that Count Mulinen on the part of Austria, and Count de Morbourg on that of France, are as well acquainted with its pro- gress as any others. French sympathies aro with AuBtria. Official debpatchea from Vienna, received since Saturday, give a very different version of the state of affairs at the seat of war than the telegiamB received from Prussian sources. It ia difficult to decide positively where state- ments are so conflicting, but' as the Austrian reports are clear and void of ali boasting, truth beorns lo be on their side. We may pro- bably rely on the course of events as under That General Von Gablerz defeated the PruB Binns at Trautenau on the 28th, and tuat in consequence of tbia defeat thoy fell back over the frontier, leaving behind killed and wounded, and that thereby the junotiou of the army of Silesia with Prince Charles, was prevented. It íb also stated that the Prussians occupied Gitcohin, and that they were attacked there hy the cavalry of General Von Edelahelm and driven hack towards Turnau In consequence of this defeat the Prussians evacuated Melnik, Dauba, and Leipa, and hastily retreated to Niemes. On the 30th an engagement took place between the Prns-i sions and the first Austrian Army Corpa and the Saxon COrpe. The Austrians were repulsed and fell back towards Konigegratz. On the 30th, the King of Prussia left Berlin to put himself at the head of the army. \- The seeaion of the French Legislative Corps was closed on the 80th. ' The 1'atrie denies a report which has been prevalent, Chat orders have been given for arming the equadron lying in the port of Toulon. i A telegram from Constantinople announces-' that a loan of two milsons sterling has been I contracted by the Forte with Messrs. ,Oppen I, heirn and the Société Generale, to meet tho |l July dividend. i The weather for the fortnight has been, I excessively hot. During the last two days I some severe thunderstorms have taken place. , li THE WAR IN ITALY. (froh the special ooubespondent ob thb = daily telegbath ) , 1 Florence, June 26. This morning bringa ua very little flesh in 'telligence from the seat of war. Late last night there was a report in the city that tha Italians had won a great victory, and had i taken Pesohiera. I was sitting in Vi euaseux's reading-rooms, so well known to all Anglo-' (Italians, when I was startled by the some- what unusual sound of cheering in the^ streets. I went out, and found a large crowd 'assembled before the palace of the Syndic, ¡who were all shouting that Pesohiera was 'taken, and who kept up a sort of running fire of hand-clapping whenever anybody 'repeated the intelligence. I know that the ,thing was improbable,'not to say impossible, ,becauBo np to five o'clock no news of any kind had been received at the Government offices;, bnt oven sensible Florentines, whom I recog- nised amongst the crowd, were so excited it .was useless to argue with them. > In fact, tho reaction from the painful impression created by the morning's news had for the moment overpowered their reasoning faculties. No- body could tell from what eource the in- formation was derived; but everybody was certain that everybody else was well In- formed. Flags were hung out ; strangers shook bands with each other in the streets ; for about an hour Florence was beside her- self. The faculty of sifting information foe oneself is not strongly developed amidst tho Ita ians. Considering that till within the last, seven years they have lived under paternal government, whose chief object was to prevent tupir subjects from exercising their own mindi, it would bo odd If this were not the case. I am not blaming the Italians for their want of accuracy ; I am only stating a fact that any- body who has ever bad any dealings with them In business matters will be sure to cor- roborate. There never was a country In which unauthentic rumours were moro certain tO> galn currency in a time of war than in Italy; and this inevitable readiness to accept any idle report as gOBpel is exaggerated by tho rigid exclusion of all independent reporters from the Italian camp. It is all very well for the Government authorities to declare that their official bulletins convey the whole truth ; but no nation, and above all no suspicious nation like the Italian, can be expected to place implicit credence in the veracity of." | Government bulletins. This morning an. edict has '.been Issued by the municipality, announcing that severe punishment will be inflicted on tho wilful propagators of false rumours; but this edict will certainly not etop the spread of idlo reports. No doubt there aro great advantages in keeping all military movements secret, but then theie arc great advantages also in the Bupport given by popular enthusiasm, and it is very difficult to combine these opposite advan- tages. Up to the present (he enthusiasm with which the outbieak of war waB greeted con- tinues unabated, and if the campaign should prcVe, as fleemB probable, to be a long and arduous one, publicity will be found neces- sary to sustain the spirits and energies of the na itiop. M'-Snwbilo, the manner in which thia first reveW has been borne is encouraging for the prospects of the nation. Thard la no sign 'of discouragement visible anywhere; no doubt is entertained of lhe ultimate triumph of the national cause. The common impression amonust well informed persons beru is that the battle of Sunday was u mis- take. The siege of the Quadrilatéral is not supposed to have formed part oí the plan of the campaign ; and yet, uuless there was eome notion of capturing Peechiera, it is difficult to imagine why the Italian army should havo attempted to occupy a position between PeBchiera aud Veroua. It is Bur xrnEtii, therefore, that the passage of the Mintió waa undertaken rather as a political denmnftration than ub partofuserions attack »gainst the Quadrilateral. According to this thepry, the first corpB was sent out to recon- noitre the position of the enemy. Owing, however, to the ardour of the troops, and their desire to win a victory on the anniversary of Solferino, they advanced too far, and got engaged in a battle which waB not designed. Such is the explanation which I have hoard given to-day, from a good Bource of informa- tion. To-morrow I hope to write to you from some place nearer the scene of action. Head quarters of the Italian Army. June 30 (Evening). The enemy's patrols make frequent re- connaissances on the right bank of the Min- ci o. They are watched by our cavalry patrols. Four squadrons of Austrian Hussars had ad- vanced on Italian territory to the right of the Minólo, but they were encountered by the 3rd squadron of the Foggia Lancors, and com- pelled to retreat to Goito and Rivalta. The AustrianB lost several killed, including one officer and several prisoners. Amongst the wounded on the Italian side were a cap- tain and a lieutenant. THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. (rnosr TiiE timbs.) In the House of Commons, on Tuesday, Juno 20, the Chancellor of the Exchequer rose to make the long-delayed Ministerial explication. Ho announced at once that the Queen had accepted the resignation of thoir offices which the Ministers had ten- dered a week ago. Her Majesty had at first postponed that acceptance, thinking that the point on which the House of Commons had gheh an adverse vote was one of detail, sus- ceptible of adjustment without breaking up the framework of the hill, and being of opinion (in which all must agree without dis- tinction of party) that, in tho present state of affairs on the continent, this was a very un- favourable moment for a change of Govern- ment. But after hearing tbe explanations which Lord Russell had offered at tho intor view' grnnted them at Windsor that after- noon Her Majesty had definitely accepted their resignations, and the Ministry, therefore, only held office until their successors were appointed. Having given thiB account of what had pai-sed between the Queen and Lord Hassell aud himself, Mr. Gladstone went on to say that he thought it to be his doty to the House not to confine himself to tho dry details of that statement, but to enter Into some explanations, which would show that he and his colleagues had not acted without full consideration. After the vote of Monday week the Government ha I two alternatives before them-an attempt to adapt it to the framework of the bill, or resignation ; and to show that this liberty was left them he quoted and explained the important sentences with which he summed np the debate of Monday week. In consider ibg tbe first branch of the alternative toe Government wore struck with the unequal manner in which a rating franchise would work, not only ia different boroughs, but in the same boroughs, and with the almost insurmountable difficulty of choosing any figure whioh would carry out the precise amount of enfranchise- ment which they had proposed, and to whioh tbey conceived themselves bound. To illus- trate this last difficulty he Btated- on the authority of the electoral returns-that to cany out the intentions of the Government us to the amount of enfranchisement in sixteen borough» a rating above £6 would be neccssaiy, in thirty-nine a rating of not less thon £6, in 112 a rating of £5, in twenty-one of £4, and in five of under £4. He dwelt also on the ini qualities which would be produced by the different scales of rating in the same boroughs, and all these considerations, ho said, had led the Government to the con- clusion that Lord Dunkellin's amendment -went to break up the framework of the bill. Beyond this, they had to consider the previous history of the bill-a consideration which was complicated by the ^pledge given deliberately " to stand or fall " by it-a pledge which the whole Cabinet was of opinion ought to be rarely given, and which ne de- scribed aa the last weapon in the armoury of a Government, not to be lightly taken down nor to be replaced until it had served a purpose. In giving that pledge, the Govern- ment bad been influenced by the mischievous euects of the long agitation of this question on the character of paities, of Governments, of Parliament, and even of representative Institutions, and, having determined to act resolutely, they felt they could not do it except by attaching the life ol the Administration to tho life of the course they took. But along with thia determination the Government, he contended, had nbown throughout a desire to conciliate those who wore not altogether, favourable to reform, and not to quarrel with the House on any mero question of proce- dure. To prove this ho contrastad the mode- rate amount of enfranchisement proposed with that of the bill of 18G0, and referred to the production of tho Redistribution of Boats Bill after Lord Grosveuoi's motion, to the abandonment of the provision as to lease- holders, to the concession to Mr. Banka Stan- hope's motion, and to hia deliberate refusal, under strong pressure, to reiterate the deter- mination ot the Government to pass a mea -sure thia session. Mr. Gladstone then reviewed at length the history of the bill, touching on the various amendments, from Lord Gros Venor'a down to Lord Dunkellin's, and Btated that, on a deliberate review of this soriea of facts, the Government, having 'come to the .conclusion tbat it was not only impossible to sdapt Lord Dunkellin's amendment to the framework of tbo bill, but to make any effec- tual progiess with the measure, or, Indeed, with the question, this session, had chosen the alternative of resignation. He concluded by moving that the House adjourn until Thursday, not with the idea that any 'measures could be tasen for the formation of an Administration by that day, but in the expectation that Bomebody might then be in a position to propose a further adjonrn .meiit. The'motion was agreed to without any dis- cussion, and, after grau ting (in Committee of Supply) a vote on account for the Inland Revenue and the Packet Services, the House adjourned, at a quarter past seven o'clock, Until Thursday. Outside the House tho excitement con <8<quenc upon the Ministerial crisis was, If possible, still greater than within. Although it waa well known that the House would not meet until six o'clock, people began to as- semble, in Palace- yard as early as four, and the number kept constantly increasing. The approaches to the House on every side were lined with an excited crowd, which was, nevertheless, very good-humoured, and easily ami nable to the police regnlations. Shortly aftei five o'clock mombers began to arrive, a'/l as the hour of six approaohed they ap IA rid in euch numbers as to prevent any one of (bein, however distinguished, being an object of curiosity for more than a few moments, or of applause or derision, as the cuEo might be. Mr. Bright was among the earlier arrivals, and as he alighted from a cab m front of Westminster-hall his familiar face and portly person were In a moment recog- nised, and he passed into the House hy the side entrance amid a good deal of cheering. Sir Robert Peel waB the next member of note "who presented himself, and a few nolBy ill conditioned persons, who had collected near tbo entrance and Bingled out for cheers or groans each conspicuous member as ho ar- rived, hooted him. Mr. Whiteside and Lord Naas, who entered together, wera similarly treated, but did not deign to notice the iiisnll, if insult it could be called from such a quarter, and Sir John Pakington, for the moment, had some difficulty to manage his horre amid the expressions of disapprobation which his appearance excited among the earne group. Lord Grosvenor was late in being n cognised, but the moment attention ?was called to him he was greeted with a pro- longed groan, which be treated with much good humour. < A Bimilar compliment was paid Mr. Horsman both on going and return- ing. On the othir band, Sir George Grey, Mr. Goschen, and Mr. Fawcett, among other« of the Liberal members, were more or losa cheered as they entered the House, and tho Chancellor of the Exchequer, who went in an open ourringo, accompanied by Mrp. Glad- stone, received a loud welcome. The Duke of Aigyll, on his way to the House of Lords, elicited a cheer, but Lord Russell passed in a carriage almost wholly unobserved. The appearance of Lord Amberley excited sume curiosity among the comparatively few by whom he waa recognised, aud Mr. Disraeli, who carno in a close car ltnpp, wau assailed with ironical che<ers as he entered Palace-yard. On the riBlne of the House all the more noted members were biuyled out in the simo way either for ap- plause or disapprobation ob they left West nilnrter-hall. There was a crowd around the carriage of Mr. Lowo aa he entered it, and he was driven away amid some uproar, in willah gronn8 were answered by counter cheers. At eight o'clock the crowd had hardly altogether dihpeited, although the House rose shortly after seven. The House of Lords roso about the same time, but neither on going nor re- turning did tho peers excite half the curiosity or interest which the members of the popular branch of the Legislature did. (fkosi the daily tbleokaph, jolt 2 ) Scarcely anything has been added to Lord Derby's report of progress, the latest results tending to confirm tbe negatives previously current By this time the noble earl ia tho- roughly awaro that he will not obtain a single ' adherent from the ranks of the late Govern- ment, and it is no longer a secret that Lord Clarendon, who waa among the invited, re- pelled the proposal in very emphatic terms. '' He did not understand why he should be selected, or he alone, to receive an offer which bel interpreted as an inBult." He waa pro- bably mistaken In supposing that ho was " alone " in being thus offensively approached ; but perhaps belora Lord Derby and his col- leagues eettle down in their official coats we shall have somo explanation of their proceed- ings at this Btuge of their enterprise. ' Another negativo, which was not so confi- dently to be anticipated, has been given to the expected adhesion of any Adullamlte; even Lord Elcho having positively declined. And a complete stop appears to havo been put to the alternative schemes imputed to Lord Derby, by fuvour of which he would bave been spared tho burden of the Premier- ship in his own person, or the untoward con- nexion with Mr. Disraeli as Chancellor of the Exchequer. Private friends, we hear, were anxious that the earl should not try his health by undertaking the labours of the Treasury, and political friends saw great disadvantages in putting forward Lord Stanley ni the head oi the Cabinet; but Lord Darby did not per- çoive those advantages, and- he did not yield to the fears for his own power of work. Other political friends most decidedly agreed with the venerable statesman's doubts as to the expediency of the proposed modification ; and that, liko other rival schemes, if it was ever seriously entertained, has fallen to the ground. The broad practical conclusion is, that Lord Derby is confirmed in his resolve to form a Tory Government, pure aud simple, with Mr. Disraeli as Chancellor of the Ex- chequer and leader of the House of Commong. There will be some new Cabinet Ministers, and the latest form of the report on this part of the Eubject is that Mr. Gathorne Hardy will be the Home Secretary and Lord Car naivon Colonial Secretary, while Lord Stan- hope will be President ef the Council. Some of the modifications of the old Tory Govern- ment appear to bo very difficult. The Duke of Richmond, it is said, has declined the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland ; and while it is certain that Lord Cranborne will be naked to take his seat for Borne office, it íb not quite so certain that Mr. Henley, Mr. Walpole, or even Lord Malmesbury may be invited. The Privy StaL however, is still mentioned aa available for Lord Malmesbury-if he wiil have it. In one or two cases, the omission, or the delay, of any invitation to join the Ministry ia very remarkable; Sir Edward Lytton being distinctly mentioned among those who have not I een asked. Yet another doubt hangs over certain members of tho proposed Government- the doubt whether their constituents would con- firm the choice made by the ami ri form Pre- mier ; and in some minor inatanosa Hutt mis- trust ia of too much importance to be over* vtrlooked. For example, Lord Arthur Clin- ton has acknowledged claims on the consi- deration of Lord Derby ; but would Newark ratify his election to office by re electiug him to bia seat in the Houbo of Commons ? For ifnot, the incoming Ministry would appoint him to his official post only to loso both his si rvices and his vote. Inquiries did not yield uny very promising response ; bo much the i averse, indeed, that it Lord Arthur could count even on the support of his noble brother, the Duke of Newcastle, we doubt whether he could have that of his consti- tuents. It must not be supposed that the hope of obtaining recruits among the Aduhamites was abandoned without strenuous efforts to secure them. A noble lord of high rank, whose family waa in the laat generation asso- ciated with the most consistent Liberalism, lent his mansion on Friday last for a special meeting on the eubject ; and it was attended by all the members of the Lower House whose names have been conspicuously paraded. A mere refusal whs not accepted by the noble host without efforts at reconsideration ; but the results were equally unexpected and de- cisive. For the refusal of more than one member in the loom we were fully prepared ; and we well understood that Mr. Lowe would not commit himeelf to acceptance, unless certain conditions had bien pre- viously secured ; whllo we wore well aware, even before his answer, that no satis- factory advance had been made towards the attainment of these conditions. But we did not expect to find Lord Elcho positively standing foremoBt to refuse, and listening, us others of his companions did, to tho subse- quent discussion without tbe slightest sign of a disposition to yield. Nor was the moBt noble mediator more successful in obtaining a pledge of general support for the new Go- vernment ; though we probably do not mis- represent the general feeling in the room when wo Bay that the new Administration will not meet with any active hostility from that ¿mall, yet not unimportant section of the Liberal party. Even on that point, how- ever, the disposition of the pursons present must be regarded as individual and pro- visional, rather than collective or final : the understanding applied, we may gather, chiefly to the commencement of Lord Darby's career, leaving everyone present subsequently free to deal with measures on their merita. Up to the time of our {Borne News, July 2) going to press there is, no definite news as to the progress made with the formation of a new Ministry. The Earl of Derby is sup- posed'to be hard at work ; but there íb strong reason to believe that ho meats with great difficulties. One rumour ia, that he wants the co-operation of the Earl of Clarendon and Earl Granville. We subjoin, however, the latest notifications which have appeared, in reference to the anticipated new Cabinet. In The Times of Friday, June 29, the following appears : ." About twenty of the principal supporters of Lord Derby assembled at hta house, in St. Jomes's-pquarc, yesterday. Lord Derby ad- dressed them at some length, and annonnced that, both at the suggestion of Her Majesty, and in compliance with his own vie* of the necessities of his position, ho proposed to oller high olllco to several mem- bers of the Whig party, and even to ob- tain members of Earl Russell's Government, He should therefore have to ask from his own supportera a sacrifice of their just pretensions. In some cases it might be necessary that they should altogether resign their claimB to office, in others they would bave to accept offices of lower rank than those to which they might reasonably bave aspired. We are informed that the members present cheerfully assented to tho terms thus proposed, aud declared their willingness to make any sacrifices necessary for the formation of a strong Administration. Lord Derby then proceeded to wait upon the Queen at Windsor. No appointments have 3 et been made, nor íb it expected that any will be made £0 long as there is any prospect of the accessions-from the Whig party which Lord ' Dalby intended to seek. We believe that hitherto Lord Derby's overtures have not been favourably responded to." . The ¿vening Star of Saturday, June 80, states :- ' "No thin « definite, we believe, la yet known of Iiord Derby's arrangements. It seçras, however, that the negotiations going on with a few of the mild Whigs, and wita those of that patty who voted in the recent division with the Conservatives, have broken down. Mr. Lowe bad a lung interview with Mr. Disraeli, but nothing eeemsto bave cornu of it. Tie rumours about office having been ac- cept, d by members of Earl Russell's Cabiuet are obviously unfounded. So far »8 we have heard, the present prospect is that Lord Derby's Ministry, if it comes Into power, will have to ho of the old style, purely Tory." EUROPEAN WAR PROSPECTS. (raOK THE TIMES, JBLY 2.) The latest telegrams go far towards recon- ciling, on all substantial points, the ap Earently conflicting intelligence which has irherto reached us from the seat of war. It ia in the nature of a struggle like the one now in progress In Bohemia te Rive rise to such frequent and budden vicissitudes of fortune that the army which believes and proclaims itself victorious from morning to noon may bave to allow its opponent to give an account of its defeat before sunset. Tbe whole war for the latter part of last week consisted of a series of separate and desultory engagements all along the line, the general results of whioh only become manifest to us now that we are enabled to refer them to the main object with which each of the two belligerents en- tered the field. Musters of Silesia and Saxony, the Prus- sians contemplated and effected an inroad into Bohemia by the avenues that open through the various mountain passes encom- passing that kingdom on the north and uorth-east. Their aim was to pour in, from all Bides, and to effect their junction at some central point where their combined forces might be «jual to tbe task of engaging the armies of Austria united under Marshal Bene- dek. Benedek, on the other baud, strongly posted at the junction of the Austrian rail- roads at Pardubitz, with his front safe behind his strongholds of Koniggratz and Joseph stadt, hau no other task than to meet the Prussians at all polntB as they issued fiom the outlets of the mountain defiles, cut them up in detail, prevent their junction in the plain, and, if he failed in this enterprise, to fall upon them with all his might wherever he could como op with them, ano compel them to accept a general and décisive battle. The advance of the Prus- sians could not have been effected with gieater skill or success. Ptince Frederick Chalice carno down with the first army from Saxony, and his main force occupied Turnau and Munohengtatz, while his extreme right followed the line of Leipa und Dauba as far as iMelnik. We have the Austrians' own evidence that all these points had been occupied by the Prussians, although their Version of the encounters at Turnau and Muncheugratz would have led us to believe that the invaders had subsequently been driven from those positions. According to Prussian statements, the Austrians, beaton at ,Munchengratz, have fallen back upon Furatenbruck, on the road to Gitschin. A glance at the map will buow the reader at once the importance of this latter-named point. Gitschin is about fifty miles from Prague, about twenty miles from München gratz, and only twelve from Turnau. While buch was the progress of Prince Frederick Charles and the 1st Army, the 2nd Army, under the Crown Prince, had come from Glatz actoes the Üiloeian frontier, and fought with alternate success at Kuchod, Skallcz, und JaioBmirtz, coming thus at the latter place very close to the walls of Joaeph stadt. Now, from Jarosmirtz, Josephstadt, or Koniggratz to, Gitschin the distance cannot exceed thirty miles, and the two FruBsiun annies, one at Turnau and Muncheugratz, the other at Jarosmlilz or Scalicz, were both within one day's march of Gitschin-the very spot at which they, iu oil probability, contain plated their junction. A division 01 the Prus- sian's-the Guarde-had also cjme down to Tiautenau, where they had sustained more than one fight with their enemies. Trautenau is twenty-five miles fiom Koniggratz, conse- quently about fifteen from Jarosmirtz, and thirty-thiet- from Gitechin. ltd junction with the prown Prince ut Jarosmirtz, or with both armieB at Gitschin was also only an affair of one 'day's march. The Auatrians told us from Pardubitz, on Friday, that the Prussians badi occupied Gittcbin on Thursday, and that they had bten driven out of that place by the cavalry division of Von Edels heirn ; that they had fallen back upon Turnau -a iretrogiade movement, which bad deter- mined the evacuation of Meluik, Dauba, and Lcipa, and the retreat of tbo PiussiauB to- wards NiemeB. But a Prussian despatch from Beiobcnboig, dated yesterday, assures us that the filth and third divisious took Gitschin on tbo 'Ü9t¡lr, not without severo loss to tbe Piueeians theinBelves, but with the loss ot 4,000 mon to the Austrians. Whatever chock the Prussians may have met with at Gitschin on Thursday seems to have beeu retrieved by their signal success on the following day, and if the army of Prince Frederick Onarlos was in the end left in possession of thia disputed place, there is little doubt that its junction witii the army under the Crown Prince, either at Gitschin itself or at Jarosmirtz, in front of the Austrian Btrougholds, Josephstadt and Koniggratz, may be looked npon as immi- nent, if any doubt were entertained as to the trustworthiness of Prussian bulletins, it will bo fully removed by the telegram from Vienna of yesterday, which tolla ub of the defeat of the First Austrian and of the Saxou army corps on the 80th, and ot the retreat of the whole Austrian army upon Koniggratz. Bulletins from Prague, dated Saturday, speak of new partial aavantages gained by the Austrian« at Koot, near Turnuu, and beyond Muncbengratz, in the district of Jung- Biinz lau ;i they aleo report the evacuation of Bom liifik, and Kamuitz by the Pjus&ians; ; but theso particulars only confirm us In our con- jecture that the army ot Prince Frederick Charles, concentrating all its forces for au effort upon Gitechin, wad recalling its ex- treme right from positions which were no longer important. Despatches from the Crown Priuce of Prussia confirm the report of tlie success of hiB divisions at Nachod and Skalicz, and describe the losses of the Aus- tria ub as extremely severe. Foiled thus in his attempt to oppose the Prusélan columns as thoy advanced singly through the mountain passes, or tj prevent their jonction on the plain, if such was really his original intention, Marshal Benedek has dow buly one way of restoring the fortuuoa of the Austrian Empire, and that is, to oruBh the enemy, If he can, by one decisive blow. The i battle between tho whole forces of the ,two great Power* ought to be im- minent, and King William and Count BlBinurk, who weie yesterday at Beich euberg, have probably timed their move- ments Fo as to have an opportunity of witnessing the great contest which is tor ever io settle tbe question of Piussian or Austrian supremacy over Germany. The armies will t« nearly matched ; the combatauts belong in a ¡great measure to tho same race; their temper, their discipline, their proficiency in nil the recent improvements of the art of wat are marly equal. Thoaitillery is said to bd poriect on both sides, and any advantago accruing to the Prussians by tne peculiarity of their arms is probably counterbalanced by the excellence of the Hungarian and fiohe miunjhorse. Little is heard with respect to the movements of the Federal army under Prince Alexander of Hesse; but ad, «Ince tho Btiriender of the Hanoverians, the Prussians are able to conceutrate the divisions under Manteuffel, Falkenstein, aud Beyer into one corps, it is to be presumed that they will be able to hold their own on the Malu till the destinies of the Fatherland are decided on the banka of the Elbe. In Itoly, Klug Victor Emmanuel, who. after (he disaster at Custozza, had reorossed the Mincio and drawn up bia army betwoon Goitol Volta, Oavriaua, and Solferino, has subsequently withdrawn to Oremona and Piaceuza, with a view to unite his forces with thoao ot Oialdlnl, who, retiring from Ferrars, has gone buck to his former quarters at Bologna, Modena, and Parma. It is not easy to foresee what the next move of the Italiaua may be. A Becond venture across the Miucio or the Po would hoidly be less desperate, hardly likely to turn ont less disastrous, than tlio first. For about fifty milea from the immediate neighbourhood of Mantua, down'neatly to Ferrara, the Po is entirely in thu bauds of tbe Austrians, who possess on tbe right bank the three districts of Gonzaga, Levere, and Sermide. The Austrians have, indeed, withdrawn their troops «croon the river, but they aro Btrongly posted at theit teles deponl at Sorgoforte, San Benedetto, aud Odtiglla, the points to which the principal roads abut respectively, the first from ltogglo and GuuBtalla, tbe second from Modena and Carpi,1 the third from Modena and Mirándola. Were CialdinI to cross tho Po at any of these places! or at any of the intermediary points while the Klug once more made a ni multaueoua eflort 'across the Minci» at Bivalta, both armies might posBibly offect tlit-ir junotion under the walls of Mantua ; but it ia notea'y to conceive what they could achieve against that strongest of all European strongholds, or what thi-y could gain by again venturing within the fatal jaws of the Quadrilateral. In the meanwhile, the defeat of Custozzu Ecems to have crippled the movements of the Italian volunte«re, und condemned Garibaldi himself to imictivitj. Sluco the advance of fomo of the Frte Corps from Brnsoin upiu the Lake of Idro'aud Ponte di Oassero, and their Eucctss against the AuBtrians at Lo drone,, we hear nothing of their further progrese in that direction, either by the Val di Gludicarla to Ulva, on the Lake of Garda, or by ibo uppei Val di Chiese to Trento. In tbe meanwhile, the Austrians, finding tho pacseBl of the Stelvlo and Tonale utipio hcted, have crossed both of thora, trom tlio former occupying Bormlo, lu Val tellinu, and driving the Italians down the valley as far as Tirano, from the other in- vading Val Camonica down to Ve zza. We hear, meanwhile, that the Garibaidians are swarming on the right bank of the Like of Garda ; but since the king was, by his repulse at Oustozza, compelled to give up his designs on Peschiera, it is difficult to tee on what exploit the Volunteers can engage either along the banks of the lake or on Ita waters. Of the Italian fleet under Peraano no tidings what- ever have as yet reached us. THE ENGLISH MONEY MARKET. The following is from the money market and City intelligence iu The Times of July 2 : The public muBt feel Burprlse at the preva- lent confusion of doctrine on the course of tbo money-market and the conduct of the Bank. A large class clamour against tho Bank management, while others commend it without qualification. Others, again, are disposed to exonerate tho Bank partially and to throw the chief responsibility of tho exist- ing inconvenience upon the Government. These extremes of opinion, however, simply indicate that each advocate looks only at a pnrt of the queation. Instead of bolog re viewed in Ub double hearing-as a banking and also a social difficulty-the occasion la dealt -with by one set according to ordinary banking axiome, and by the other on the principle that it ia nn exceptional convulsion, in which the whole community are involved, and which therefore warrants an inter- position of the authority of the whole com- munity-that ia to say, of the Government to mitigate its effects. Of course, if we aro to adopt only the routine and well-known rules of banking as our guide, there can be no doubt that the Bank directors are per- fectly in the right, or, at all events, that if they have erred at all it has been in exacting an insufficient instead of a too high rate of discount. Their liabilities, which may be called for at any moment, and a portion of which will have immediately to be met by the payment of dividends, amount to £29,364,399, while even now they have but a reserve of £5,218.409, or about eighteen per cent, of the whole, when thirty per cent, would be the normal proportion. Hence, admitting the argument that the Bank has nothing to do but to preserve its own posi- tion, and that it has no function either to shape its course on tbo one hund with the object of "assisting commerce," or on the other, to speculate as to the future fluctua tioLB of the markets, and the possible safety of trusting for a given time to a small reserve, it íb clear that the directors have no choice but to pur- sue a stringent System, and that, as tbe only íecogniBed way of, checking the demand lor an article is by raising its price, their posi- tion ia such as would justify not only the ex- isting chili ge of tea per cent., but an advance to twolve per cent. But this principle baa not been acted upon. On the 10th of May, and for a few days previously, the drain upon the resources of the Bank was totally beyond the control of the rate of discount then charged. The reserve, already very low, was reduced in a single day from £6,000,000 to £8,000,000, and it may be questioned it au ad- vance to fifteen or twenty "per cent, would then have bad any effect. The advocates Bun ply for sound banking, casting aside overy other consideration, would have Bald, "The Bank has nothing to do with thia pressure ex- cept to resist it. If it be found that twenty per cent, will not stop the demand, let thirty or fifty be triud, and if nothing else will suf- fice, it is the business of the directors to refute to discount another bill. They must protect their reserve, and they have no other duty." And supposing this to have been cainedout.no one could have blamed the Bank. The Government, however, found that they must face the responsibility of permit- ting Buch a conclusion, or that they must admit the crisis to be a national one calling for national measures. They adopted lbe latter alternative, making the Bank of England their »gent for relief, and from that moment the whole ailair, so far as the B ink waa concerned, changed its character, and waB no longer amenable to the dry and hard rules by which it was previously governed. The point now in dispute simply is. whether the intended relief has been judiciously aiioided. There is, perhaps, a very small minority who would have contended against the grant of any relief whatever. "If people oboose to mu into wild commitments/ it may be said, "let them take the conse- quences. Tho Government, by ateppiug in to avert those consequences, only weakm the leteon, and encourugo a repetition of the rnitohief. The ruin of the foolish multitude will be the gain of the prudent few, and the Btate has no right to legislate for the one clasa to the disadvantage of the other." But the slate represents the people at large, and if ninety-nine out of 100 of the people foel that their intercatB demand any particular action the Government mutt follow their wlli. Of course, it ia very deplorable that in a great commercial country there should be bo little power ot combined operation among our leading banking and mercantile establish- ment», that no sufficient remedy against ab bolute panic eau bo found without calling upon the Government, when the height of confusion has been reached, for some empi- rical measure. A remedy for reckless specu- lation is neither to be expected nor desired, except in the inevitable way, but the blind alarm that places every transaction in the country in jeopardy can and must alwaya be dealt with by special means. Many of the consequences of this alarm are, it ia believed, Btill felt to an extent that seriously compro- mises, not the interests of the sanguine »peculators of the pust year or two, for these have long since been utterly swept away, bnt of the majoiity of those who are connected with > the legitimate financial and trading establishments of the country. The evil, it is thought, might hove been mitigated by a difterent policy on the part of tho Bank. Ibu aigunients for that opinion are airoady familiar. Like all other opinions that bave not been brought to the test, it is one fairly open to discussion, and the Bank directors, whi se desire to alleviate the trial of the moment it would be idle to impugn, are not to be charged with indifference because tiny do not concui in it. Nevertheless, it íb re- quisite to impress upon the minds of their defenders that the question is not one of banking policy, as seems to havo been erro- neously supposed, but solely whether, state Interference having been accorded, tbat in- terference lias been granted and wotked in a manner to producu the utmost advantage that could be gained from it. LATEST FROM AMERICA. (feom the special oonnBsrOMDBNr or the PANAMA STAB ANO HERALD ) NH.W YORK, llTH JUI,T. A fearful conflagration occurred at Port- land, Mc., on the 4th. Instant, caused by a boy throwing a lighted fire-cracker among tome shavings. One-half of the city was de htrojed, nearly all the business portion being included. All the banks, dry gooda stores, jewtlleiy eetablishmeuta, telegraph offices, eight churches, and other public buildings were burnt to the ground. The wind was blowicg a guli) ut the time tho fire com- menced, and caused the fiâmes to spread with the greatest fury, sweeping ruin, destruction, and desolation everywhere. Ovur fifty buildings weie blown up, in tho hope of mnklng a space between the fire und the other buildings, but the effort wau useless. It Is estimated that about 2,000 buildings were destroyed, involving a loss of ten million dollars. Two thousand families were rendered houseless, losing nearly overy valuable they bad possessed, and aro now dependent on tho genorobity of thoje who were fortunate enough to escape the sweeping disaster. Two thousand tents for shelter to the houseless were forwarded by the United States authorities from Boston, and the people of ull the cities throughout the Union are busily employed in forwarding supplies of clothing and provisions, and raialng funda for the relief of the thousands of sufferers, many of «horn have been bereft: by thiB awful visi tntionjof everything they possestod on earth. A destructive fire also occurred in the oil regions <<f Pinusylvanuiu, near Louisville, on thoTth. Eiuhteeuortwenty wella ou Bennehoff Run were burned up, and about 20,000 barrels ol oil wore destroyed. There were also twenty or thirty derricks destroyed, erected at wells not yet completed. The los« is very heavy. ' New Yobk, July 10. It was hoped that belora,this Congress would have adjourned aud given the country ii resting t-peil from the vexatious and an- noying and disturbing legislation of its members ; bnt alas ! no such thought appears to be entertained by them, They aro now engaged in concocting a tariff, making the dutice ' on a larrfe number of articles ex cctßive, bo as to fttter the commerce of tho country, and this tariff they will probably adopt before the) do adjourn. The weather ht Wsfhii'Kton, happily, fur soverul days pat-t has been extn uiuly hut, the mercury uuiMi-e one hundred degreoa iu the shade, and under tbtt effects of the heat, which lompletely willed several of our reverend FoiHtore and anything but ur.ivo represen- tative«!, everybody was consoling himself with the belief that they would ba driven away to the shady retreats of their homes. This, however, docs not seem likely to be realised just yet, as the weather, alter fonr days of the most intense heat, unhappily has become suddenly cool again, and our worthy legislators seem dotermined to continue in- definitely their efforts to " save the country." If they do not drive it to the verga of destruc- tion, it will be because the nation has at its bead a man with iron will, who, however he may be opposed in his patriotic efforts to save the Union, will in the end triumph over oil hiB enemies, and restore it again in all its length and breadth and glory. Mr. Banks, on the 3rd inst, Introduced in the House of Bepresentatives a bill esta- blishing conditions for the admission into the Union of tho states of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Canada East, and Canada Weat, which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The first section provides that whenever notice eball be deposited in the Department of State that the Governments of Great Britain and of the Provinces bavo accepted tbe propositions made to thom the President of the United States shall publish, by pro- clamation, that the states of Kova Scotia, New Brunswick, Canada East and Canada West, and the territories of Selkirk, Sas- katchewan mid Columbia, aro constituted '<nd admitted as states and territories of tbe United States. Among the propositions is one that the United States will assume the Pro- vincial debt, at not exceeding five per centum interest, bb follows ¡-Canada West, 36,600,000dol.; Canada East, 29,000,OOOdol. ; Nova Scotia, 8,000,OOOdol. ; New Brunswick, 7,000,000dol. ; Newfoundland, 3.200,OOOdol. ; Prince Edward's Island, 2,000,000dol. The United States aro alBo to pay 10,000,000dol. to the Hudson's Bay Company. At a meeting of the shareholders of the Atlantic Mail Steamship Company to day, it was voted to increase the capital stock from four to eight millions. Tho vote stood 83,240 Bbares in favour and 2,060 shares against the proposition. The New York Mall Steamship stockholders, under this consoli- dation, bave tho privilege of exchanging any time within four months 0,050 Bhares of their stock for that of the Atlantic Mail, tbe latter company already owning the balance of the shares. The West India Mall Steamship Company lecelveslO.OOOshares in exchange for tbeir ships, docks, &o.; The Brazilian Mail Steambbip Company receives 14,000 shares. It has voted also to sell to Mr. W. S. Wil- liams 4,000 shares at 125, cash, which cancels the notes of the company for 560,000dol. held by Mr. Williams. The company retain 2,050 shareB in the treasury. This makes quite a powerful combination, and bringa under one management a large number of fine Bteam sbipB. The Atlantic Mail proper owns the San Jacinto, Sun Salvador, and MisBouri. The VWcBt India Mail owns the Columbia, Engle, and Morro Castle. The Brazilian Mall owDB the North America, South America, Havana, and Matanzas. The New York Mail nu na the Morning Star, Evening Star, Guiding Star, BiBing Star, Rising San, Merrimac, Mississippi, Monterey, and Mariposa. The Pacific Mail SteamBhip Company has been opposed to this arrangement for some time pu6t, bnt at tho last moment voted in favour of it. We understand that the Pacific Mail Company will shortly raise the capital stock from ten to twenty millions, and declare a twenty-five per cent, scrip dividend. It may be proper to remark that uono of tbe now stock of the Atlantic mail will be issued for six monthb. The State of Tennessee is roported as showing moro signs of rejecting than ratify- ing tbe constitutional amendment, which is most annoying to the Radicals in Wash- ington, as is the fact that it is now certain that the Legislatures of ten stateB will not be convened at all in extra session, and will not, therefore, vote upon the amendment until Decimber or January next; namely, Maryland, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, New Jerst-y, Delaware. Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, and New York. Nor is this all. New Jersey, Delaware, Kentucky, Indiana,Maryland, ana Illinois will probably vote against it. The Board of Health report no more cholera cases at the Lower Quarantine, and stale that the sick are rapidly getting well. Dnrlng the past week the total number of deaths in this city was 493. Diarrhoea diseases among the iubabitants of tenement houses arc on the increnEC, 112 deaths having resulted from those complaints during the lust week. The residents of Staten Island have suc- ceeded in obtaining an injunction restrain ing the Health Commissioners from erecting cholera hospitals in tbeir midst. The deci- sion of the Court in their favour causes them great joy. The liquor dealers continue to be jubilaut in the highest degree. They have thus far triumphed completely over the Board of Excise, and whiskey, und lager, and brandy, and ole, and wine, and gin, continue to be partaken of more freely than ever. The Board of Excise declare that if the Court of Appeals should set naide tbo injunctions which the liquor dealers have obtained ia the lower courts, they will make them pay heavily for the liberty and freedom they now enjoy to sell to each man what he likes to drink and bas the money to pay for. July 11, 1806. Reports wore current in Washington yeB terday, that an attempt had been made to obtain the unanimous consent of tbo Cabi- net to the call for the National Convention which is to assemble in Philadelphia on the 14th of August, but that it was unsuccess- ful. The Democratic Club and tbe John- son Union Club of that city, however, have consolidated their interests, and will send delegates to the Convention. Deepatobes from Canada indicate that the present session of the Canadian Parliament will be» very exciting one. The Opposition members aro assailing the Government with great power and effect, and the project of annexing Canada to tho United States ap- pears to be gaining favour. Head-Centre Stephens mode an exceed- ingly warlike speech to a large number of the Fenian Brotherhood in Boston yesterday. He emphatically denied that the Fenian spirit was dying out, and promised that war againstEngland should be commenced on I rieh soil within a year. Perhaps this may be bo, but Feniauism in this country has evidently l"st its spirit, and its followers are losing con- fidence in its leaders. Senator Lane, bettor known as General Jim Lane, of Kansas, attempted to commit suicide at Leavenworth a few days ago, by deliberately putting a pistol to his mouth and firing its contents into himself. He has been Bullering greatly ever b1 nee, and last evening it was stated that he was rapidly sinking, and there were no hopes of his re- covery. The magnificent Pacific mail steamship Montana will start on a trial trip in a day or two, stopping at Newport, A large party of ladies and gentlemen are invited to witness her sailing qualities and participate in the pleasures of the trip. She will be absent for threo or four days. It is said that she will probably tuke her departure on the 25th instant for San Francisco tia Panama. The Tariff Bill has pussod tho House of Bepresentatives by a vote of ninety- four to fifty-tbreo. It fixeB a tax on cotton of 3c. a pound ; makes the duty on railroad iron 70c. per 100 poundB ; on pig iron, Odol. per ton: on salt, 24c. per 100 pounds: on imported coal, Idol. 60o. per ton : on tea, 12jc. per pound; and on coffee, 2Jc. a pound, besideB affixing excessive duties on a large number of other articles. Mr. llomoro, the Moxlcan Minister, to-day received official despatches from El Paso, in foinring bim that on the 10th ult. President Juai i z, his Cabinet, and the Government, 1< ft El Paso for Chihuahua. Letters from the City of Durango, of June 6, received bore by the )ni,t Bleumer from Vera Oruz, state that ithe French troops in that city were under orders to march against Chihuahua, and that 2.000 men had already left, and were at that time at buzaren. Letters from tho City of Mexico Btate that General Bazaine was con- centrating all the avallablo French troops in San Luis Potosi, to open a new and vigorous campaign against the Moxicaus. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. BreadBtuffs aro dull and heavy, and the tendency of prices is downward. Flour is selling at Gdol. 50c. to lßdol. 60c. per barrel. ; wheat at 2dol. 28c. to 3dol. 10c. ; and corn at 86c. to i)5c. per bushel. Cotton is in fair demand, and holders aro free Bellera at 85c. to 37c. per lb. for mid- dling. Piovj'bIoob are very dull and heavy. Coppor is quiet ; sales of Detroit, Baltimore, and Portage Luke at 33o. per lb. Drugs and dyes are very quiet, with a de- clining tondenoy in prices. FrelghtB are quiet but firm. Money continues dull, and easy at four to six percent. Goierntutnt bonds aro strong, and the de- mand Ib in excess of the supply. Yesterday, over a million dollars ot the five-twenty bonds, 1805, wire Bold at 105 by parties who had bought at n lower prlco, but they were all bought by the loading Government loan agents. The price advanced immediately to 1061\. The five-twentba of 1802 were "»old at 100} to 100}; teu-fortie« at 08J to 98S ; and Treasury seven three-tenth notes at 103}. At the close the gold bonds were a little off, but nono were off erin« at tho quotations. The five-twenties of 1802 aro quoted at 106J to 106}; 1866, 104| to 105J; and seven three tenth, 103Î to 103J. Railway securities are dull, with the ex- ception of Erie, for which the prices aro very firm. Indications present themselves that the "bulls" are about to make a move to put the prices of all securities np, and au active and buoyant speculation is to bs looked for. Atlantic Mail Shares aro quoted at 121, aud Pacific Mail at 212. Gold exhibits a declining tendency, and is now quoted at 149J. MEXICO. On the 24th of June the city of Matamoros, which baB bo long been held under Imperial rule, surrendered to the Liberal forces under General EBCobedo. The whole tenor of recent Mexican intel- ligence goes to show that the Mexican people, bo long scattered and hitherto so divided in interest, are becoming more and more united, and much more warm in tho cause of the independence of their country. The Imperial forces have lately euûered a number of de- feats, and the cause of Maximilian is begin- ning te look rather gloomy. His treasury empty, tbe public works undortaken by him shortly after bia arrival aro in a languishing condition ; on all aides the Libérala are gain- ing ground, and altogether ho seems to ha in a very bad fix indeed. At Vera Cruz, the "vomito" was raging, and the deaths were numerous. It was be- lieved that Santa Anna was acting in the interests of the church party, formerly headed by Meramon, and that in considera- tion of its influence in elevating him to the Presidency he had promised to aid in restor- ing its power and property. WEST INDIES. Advices received from Havana to July 4 give the following intelligence : A portion of the nativo population on the 29th ultimo openly declared for the indepen- dence of Cuba and a separation from the Spanish Government. On the 1st inBt,, a fight ensued between the insurgents and the Spanish troops, tho latter being considerably worsted. The insurgents, heavily reinforced, took np their positions in the mountains. Troops were being despatched from Havana to suppress the rebellion, when the news came that four Chilian steamers had arrived at Nuevitas, and 2,000 troops of the allied South American república had a foothold upon the island in that vicinity. With this assistance the revolt was becoming general, and it was believed that the insurrection had extended its ramifications throughout all grades of native society. Porto Rico dates of June 24 state- that the slave population ia diminishing hy manu- mission, and the sugar and coffee crops would not amount to more than half the aval agu this year. Advices from St. Domingo say that Báez had sailed for St. Thomas, and that the Go vernment was in the hands of Pimente), Cunced, and Luperon. The country waB quiet, except at Saybo, where a revolu- tion, headed by Guillermo, one of Baez's guards, had broken out. COMMERCIAL. The arrival of the B.M S. Kaikoura places üb in possession of English papera to July 2 ; New Tbrk, July 7 ; Panama, July 25; San Francisco, July 7. The Borne News has tho following commercial newe : LATEST OUT INTELLIGENCE. Business on the Stock Exchange on June 30th indicated greater confidence, and prices closed with firmness, excepting those of rail- way shares. In the morning there waa a little flatness, UBual in consequence of terminating the transactions of the week; a revival, however, aiterwards took place. During the political crisis at home the continuance of tbo Bank's minimum at ten per cent, and the Continental war tend severally to check speculation. With regard to invest- ments, there is a very conservative feeling, simply because the publie are full of stock good, bad, indifferent. Not till the autumn can an improvement be looked for; but already there aro signs of amelioration. The closing prices are as follows :-Three perCont, Console, for money, 86J, £ ex. dividend ; do, for account, 86}; Threo per Cents., 85?; Now Three per Cents., 865; Bank Stock, 245; India Five per Cent. Stock, 103J ; Exchequer Billp, March, 8s. discount to pur; June,8s. to 6s premium. Our latest, by telegram dated Southampton, July 2, half-past one p.m., is to tho following effect : Southampton, July 2,1,30 p.m. Liverpool Cotton Market.-Cotton market opens quietly. Sales probably 8,000 balos. Funds -Consols for money, 86a, ¡f ; Consols for accounts. 86& ; U.S. Fives, 661, ä, 5. London Produce Market.-Sugar, small business, ratea firm. Clayed Manilla. 2Gs. to 27s ; soft Madras, Toggery, 22s. to 22*. 6d. ; grainy 24s. ; refined wanted ; common lumps, 43s. 9d. to 44s. Coffee.-Good business; clean nativo Ceylon, 66". to 62s. ; plantation, 67s. to 84s. Tea. - Prices firm ; only small businoss. Bice.-Rates fully as high ; fair demand for cleaned. Tallow.-Slow sale. 44a. 9d. to 453. spot, Our lateBt commercial news from Oolfornia is to the following effect ; The exports of produce have also been con- siderable, nnd the amount of bills tboy fur niBb has been no addition to the moans of remittance. The bills running from China and Australia on London for California ac- count have all been met, and the resumed firmness in London quiets all uneasiness that might have been felt. The larger amount of tonnage on the way to this port leads to the hope that the English demand for breadstuffs may be largely mot from this coast. Breadstuffs- With a fair requirement, both for expoit and local cousnmption, prices, not- withstanding the free receipts of new crop wheat, have been weil sustained. Flour.-In fair request at the following quotations:- 6dol. 26o. for- extra in bárrela; Odo), for baker's do, in halt and quarter sucks; extra, both city and country, in quaitei-sacks, atödol. 76c, and half-sacks, at ödol. 60c ; superfine, In quarter-casks, atodol. to ödol. 25c, and do half sacks at 5dol. Low grades are quoted 25c, per barrol loss. Oregon, ut ödol. to 4dol. 75o per barrel, in quarter sucke. Free offerings of Oregon, at 4dol. ¡50c. lo 4dol. 87*0. Oats.-Sales reported have been moBtly for shipment, and aggregate 5,410 sacke, at prices ranging Jfiom ldol.6uc. to Idol. 60c. per 1001b. A prime article would command Idol. 60s, tbiB description being in vory light supply. Wheat -Soles of 82 tone new crop at Idol. 60c, and 300 Backs old do., at Idol. 02Jo. per 1091b. Grain (Feed).-AU descriptions rule much the same in prices as noted in our last similar reforence. Feed grains have met good Inquiry for export; prices, in consequence, havo boen well sustained. Barley.-Salea aggregate 3,800 saokfl prime brewing quality, at 87ic to 90o. por 1001b. The Constance hau sailed for Auokland with 6,000 quarter-Backs flour, 6,021 Backs wheat, 197 bhcIsb barley. The AnnB, for Melbourne, took 2,600 sacks barley, 800 flasks quicksilver The Jnachin Chris, for Sydney, 6,139 socks barley, 8,000 quarter-sacks flour. (PBOM THE HOME NEWS,) The following ia a recapitulation of the principal failures which have occurred during the present criBis : MeBsre. Overend, Gurney, and Co. Mesera. Peto and Botts. Mr. W. Shrimpton. Tbo English Joint-Stock Bank. ' The Consolidated Discount Company. The Imperial Mercantile Credit Asso- ciation. The Commercial Bank Corporation of India and the East. Messrs. Fernie Brothers. Messrs. Hallett and Ommanney, MetBrs. Gellatlv, Hankey, and Sewell. The Bank of London. Tho European Bank. The New Zealand Banking Corporation. MeBBrs. Luckie Brothers. Sir Charles Price, Bart., Marryat, and Co., hankers. " , _ Messrs. Robinson, Cory ton, and Co. MesBrs. Kvimston, Sutherlaud, and uo. MeearB. S. P. Fratnjee and Co. MeBBra. HcldernesH and Chilton. MfcBsrs, Boult, Eiiidlsb, and Brandon. Missra. Duff, Cod» II, and Co. The Consolidated Bank. Mts-re. H. Cox and Co. Meei-ra Macculloch, John, ano Co. MeBsiB. H J. Ei'thoven and Sons. TI o A(?r« and Mastcrmnn's Bank. Mess«. Jam eu Baines and Co. Messrs. T ii. Muokuy and Co. fet. Culunib aud Falmouth Bank, Universal Banking Corporation. Wespr?. Wm. Hattray and Co. Mr. George Furness, contractor. Messrs. Snnad and Co., Chepstmv Old Bank. Measre. Dadabhai, Naoroli, and Oo. LONDON PRODUCE MARKETS. Hides.-Australian were in fair demand at the Eales of June 28, and nearly full prices were obtained. 2,306 salted ox and cow, ex Philosopher, sold, first heavy, 8J4. to41d,; first light, 3;fd. to 4d. ; second class, 3{d. to 3*d. 891. ex Colonial Empire, sold, first , heavy. SJd. ; seconds. 3§d. ; light, 3j[d. to 3Jd. 248, tx Drtmnscup, Bold, second heavy, 31d. to 3ifd. 35, ex li. Henderson, sold, Sid. l63, ex . Mediator, eold, ekins, 3d. 2882, ex Macduff, " chiefly taken in, fir6t heavy, 4Jd, : light. 4d. 470, ex Timaru, sold, heavy, 8Jd. ; flrrt light, 3?d. ; seconde, 8j|d. 80, ex Young England, sold, pecond heavy, 3£d. 378, ex Yatala, sold, out, 8|d. ; kipa and shine, 8Jd. 200. ex St. Leonard's, taken in, 3Jd. to 4id. 20 bales sheeps' pelts, ex Donald Mackay, sold at 19«. 9d. 11 balcB gluo pieces, ex Macduff, were sold at late ratos. Leather.-Australian met a good sale at full prices. 13 bales, ex Mediator, Bold, first cIoeb, sidee, 9d. 2G bales, ex Swiftsure, sold, best, 9}d.; second, 8Jd. 1,414 sides, ex Lanarkshire, taken in ; first class, 9&d.; 310 sides, ex True Briton, sold, best, 9{d. 593 Bides, ex City of Adelaide, out, first class, 91d. ; second, 9d. 124 Bides, ex Yatala, sold at 8Jd. 920 sides, ex Fugitive, sold, best, OJd. ; seconda, 8^d. 8 hulea, ex Red llover, sold, host, gfd. ; seconds, 9}d. 250 BideB, ex Dunorlan, sold, 83d. 9 baleB, ex St. Vincent, 6old, best sides, 9d. ; seconds, 8Jd. ; tanned ekioB, 7¿d. 65 bales, ex Annie WllBon, part sold, first class, sides, 9}d. to 9Jd. ; seconds, 8jd. to 9}d.; bellies, 6¿d. ; kips. Hid. ; skinp, 7d. 49 balee, ex Macduff, Bold, best, 9d. to 9|d. ; light, 9£d.; seconds, 9|d. ; Millee, 7d. per lb. Beeswax.-At pale, 3 cases 3 caäks Sydney, ex Colonial Empire, were sold for £8 7b. Gd. per cwt. Tallow.-The maket Is dull, and prices havo given way about Gd. tols. per cwt., sellers preponderating. PYC on the spot Ib now 44s. Od. to 44b. Od., July to September; 46a., October to December. The market is steadier and business doll at 44s. Öd. to 47a. Tho stock last Monday was 27,958 oasks againsT30,595 casks last year. At solo, June 29, 85 casks Australian, marked Woram, wero taken In at 44s. Gd. por cwt.-Borne Aeu.«, July 2. Bark.-Mimosa is rather lower again. 774 bags, ex Mary B. Mitford, sold, ground, £8 17s. Gd. to £9 10s. ; wet, £6 to £7 2s. 6d. 95 tons, ex Yatala, sold, chopped, £8 63. to £8 15b. 439 bugs, ex Verulam, sold, ground, £9 5a. ; damaged, £7 2s. Gd. ; and chopped, £8 2a. Gd. 921 bags, ox Dunorlan, sold, ground, £9 2s. Gd. to £9 10s. ; damaged, £6 10a. to £7 2j. 6'ri. 58 tons, ex Bed Rover, sold, loose long, £7 7s. Cd. to £7 2s. Gd. 022 bags, ex St. Vin cent, sold, ground, £9 Sa. ; chopped, £8 12s. Gd. 48 touB, I00B0 chopped, ex do., out, £8 7s. Gd. per toD. siimÑoT LOADING. At Londok. For Auckland.-Ida ZoiRlor, Reynolds. For Cuntcrbury, N.Z.-Bluo Jacket, White; Olon mark, Wraiikrnore ; Mermaid, Hosp. For Invercargill.-.Witch of tlio Tee«, Oooper. For Napior, N.Z -Str»th»llaii, Paddio. For Nolson, Now Plymouth.-leichardt, Sonnott¡; Countess of Kintore, Catto. For Otaço, U.Z.-Seringapatam, Wyeth; Star of Tasmania, Ouibott ; Timaru, LaughlumlB ; Water Nymph, Buchanan. For Wellington.-Sunbeam, Lovell ; Elootra, Mcri&m; ; Wild Duck, Bishop. At Glahoow. For Port Charobors.-William Davlo, Doga». At Grkknock. For Otago.-Melita, Cameron. 