BEVIEW. "The Ceremony of B'eising and Laying the FoundaMon Stone of a New Church. Translated fiom the Pontifical, with n Preliminary Instruction.*' Hy tko Bo». W. B. Ullathorne. V.G. We inserted the Uer. Mr. Ullathurne's Preliminary Instruction in a foi mer number, and we intimate I our intention at. the time to nuke a few romatksoa tbe pamphlet, of which it forms a part, ut a more con- venient season. The pamphlet cocmencos with a singularly happy idea. *. Ceremonies," says Mr UUattiO'ne, "aretha' religion of the body,".meaning of course the Roma < Catholic body. We shill bo told, indeed, that thia ia not Mr. Ullathorne's meaning, uuJ that he simply means that " ceremonies are the religion of that part of the compound nature ot man called the body." If so. it ¡si tha first time we ever heard of ibo body's having a religion at all. " Sod is a spirit," says a greater than Mr. Ullathorne, '* and they who would worship bini most worship bim in spirit »nd in truth;" for "bodily exorcise," says tho Aposito Pani, " protltetW little." Religion is en- tirely an affair of the understanding and the heart, and sooh ceremonies as Mr. Ullathorne recommends to us in this pamphlet a-e, in our opinion, tbe most olFiotuul means of st.'pptng up tho avenues to botb. " Tbey aro the body of religion,'* sus Mr. Ullathorne, "and manifest the presence of (ts soul, as thc Immunity of oar Lnrd manll'es'ed the presence of bis divinity." Nar, Mr. Ullathorne, if - they aro the body of religion, they are its dead body only, nt wbich we barb ouly to gaz s for ono croment to be satisfied that its beaven-sprang, htaven-ttucMng, and immortal spirit bas utterly fl d. Tbero wore reople BO early as tho days of the prophet Isaiah, who held exactly the same doctrine in this particular as tho Bev. Mr. Ullathorne, viz., tha'. "ceremonies ware tho tody of ro'igion and neaes'ari'y mauiteite.l the pre- sence of its soul."' They were regalur'y eduuaUd and regularly ordain, d priests who thought so; aud this Mr. Ullathorne will not deoy.. Bur. wbat is the pro- phet divinely oemmiesione I to declaro to tbeaa mis- guided men! Why; just such a message as tho fol l.iwingi-" To what purpose ls the maliiiude of jour saorilicos unto me T saith thc Lord: lam full of tho burnt offerings ot'ram«, asd the Int ot fed beasts ; and I delight not In Ibo blood of bulloolis, cr of lanie*, or of he goats. Bring r.o moro vain oblations; IkCunso is an abomination unto mo ; your new ruoo'is and your uppsinled feasts my s:ul' hdteth ; they uro a trouble unto me ; 1 nra weary tu bear them." Tho billy of religion, os Mr. Ullathorne calls it, wire hore present, but tho spirit and the life »ore gone. Wo would there-fore address Mr. Ullatltorno «nd bis brethren in rogatd to the ceremonies of hoathenith origin, and moHt linear plural charaoter and tendon y, to which they esidtnlly nttach so much importance, In the lan- guage of linly writ-" >Yhy seek yo the living among the dead Í" After telling ai that "the blessing and laying the first stone of tim ohuroh belongs, appropriately, to the biahop," who in thai superintending the commença mint of a placa of worship, to ko dedicated perhaps to the Virgin Mary and sll the Saints, onfortunaiely asea pretty innoh the same nnBoriptural ceremonies and hen. thenish incantations as were used by tbs ancient Hamms in laying tbe foundations of temples to be dedi- cated to Apollo and all the gods. Mr. Ullathorne qnotes the Apostle's languago, " Every creature of Oodisgood with a blessing," and explains it by telling ni that " all those things ore blessed which are set apart and assigned to sacred asas and purposes, being first re- leased by -prayer and the power of God, from that vanity and emptiness, of which St Pani speaks, to which, with man since bis fall, avery oreatu-e is made suhjeot ev.n until now." And this, forsooth, is the miserable moaning distilled in the Romish alembic, from the beautiful language of the Apostle Paul, whsre in speak- ing in the spirit of própheoy, of certain professed Christian teachers, who sha'l depart from the faith, citing heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils ; forbidding ' to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats fas from butchers.' mast on Fri fay, «nd during Len') which God hitb. created to be received with thanksgiving of them whioh b.dievo and know the truth, be adds, "Everr crettuie of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be re. o »Wed with thanksgiving! for it is sanolified by the Word ol God and prayer!" (I Timothy, iv. et seg.) Shutting his eyes as strongly ss possible against the p ain and obvious meaning of this language,' Mr. Ullathorne discovers that it , wos . the .object of the Apostle to info m UB that there wai something positively devilish or salanie in the block of Freo stone selected by the worthy Pcotoh . oontraotor as tho foundatios stone of the Roman Catho-' lie ohapol at Parramatta, asd this something could only ho exorcised or conjured out hythe Apostedlo henédio» t'on of Dr. Pol ling. And, really, is this wb t is to be taught the people, either as' the' tody cr as tbe soul'of religion, io the 19th aentury, ' ia his Majesty's colony of New Seath Wales f There surely was neo J for a' reformation of roi ¡gio a, when such miserable theology was passed off apon the popple as the truth of God that truth which in the fulness of time was revealed by . the Sou of God for the world's salvation I And happy ure we Protestants that the light of that glorious . Re- formation still shines amid the darkness, although the tlá'kness comprebendeth it not. ; We cannot afford either time or space fufficienl to follow Mr. "Ullathorne through the whole ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation stone. The first aol of Ibis Divina Commedia con s's's in exorcising a quantity of common salt, or, in other words, frighten ng the devil.out cfit, " that it nay become salt exor- cised for the protection (sie) of the faithful, and to be to all who partake of it health' of' mind (sio) and body." This preoious ceremony, must, it seems,' be performed by the bishop, who, in order to ¡eave the devil no chance of maintaining ' bis position iu tho silt, repeats ono prayer with bis m'tre on, and another with his mitre off. Of course there is no standing this-especially as the travers aro in-Latin, a langna^o whiob most now be pretty familiar in the evil Bpirit's ear ; and the devil takes his leave accordingly. The same ceremony is repeated in order to get the evil spirit dislodged from a quantity of common water (no wonder be would like a little water aft' r tho salt) taken, we presume, from the Parramatta River, that it may be rendered serviceable " for the expelling of "demons, and the dtiving out of devils, that whatsoever in the dwellings or other places of the faithful, this water shall sprinkle, may bx found free from all uncleanness and be delivered f.om each noxious thing; and that if there be anything »hieb is envious of the well-being or tranquility of-the inhabi- tants, at the sprinkling of this water it may take its flight." Now, really, this is too bad ;. for what else oould we expect in the shape uf incasta.ions from one of the blaokfollow's Kradgees Î All tiling', ho »ero-, being thus duly prepared, the salt and water are foi tb with mingled by the bishop ( Horresco referens), " in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Uolv Ghost." After some other prayers and ceremonies, compara* tively unobjectionable, tbe Litany of the Sai its, wo are told, is next sung or said. Ibis consists chiefly of intercede for the worshippers; the catalogue of .saints, in vocations of the asiots, both male and female, to pray or Invoked inolnding not only tho apostles, evangelists and ancient martyrs, and confessors, but such compara- tively modern and obsenre, if not exceptionable characters as St Anthony, St. Bennett. St. Dominic, .St. Franois, St. Agatha, St. Luoy, Si. Agnes, St, Coolly, St. Cathe.ino, St. Anastasia. Now, in address- ing these departed saints (supposing them all the beet i-ossible Christians when alive) in the language of prayer or ¡avocation, we would ask Mr. Ullathorne and bis brethren whether they have ever seriously considered what they are doing. Why, they ara laking it lor granted that these departed saints are present to hear them, in these tittvrmost parts of the eartb, or, in oilier words, that thsy sro omnipresent. But omnipresence is one of the incommunicab.'e attributes of the Godhead, and cannot be possessed by any creature however eui to 1 ; for " God," he tells ns himself, " will not give His glory to another, nor His praise to graven images.'' in addressing the language of iu<ooation, therefore, to theie departed saints,' on the ccoasion of the blessing of the foundation stone of the ROTE un Catholic Chapel at Parnnntta, Mr. Ullathorne «ni Lis brethren were actually ascribing to the creature the attributes or glory of the Creator, who lb God blessed for ever. For what warrant of Scripture have they for beiisving that saints who died two or three hundred years ago on the Continent of Europe, aro to he within call on auoh an emergency it Parramatta? As to thc female Baiota invoked io the Litany, if the inbjeut were not too grave for ridicule, and if lt were not absolutely certain that there is co warrant, either of re ison or of Scripture, for belioving that any ose of them over possessed the attribut i of omnipresence, whether alive or doad, we would ask Mr. Ullathorne and his biethren by what conveyance they bal come to this col my, to he present at the late ceremony at Parramatta. Indeed, as some of them may yet have their bodies lying embalmed in some of ihecathedralohurches of Italy or Sicily, it is muoh more probable that they shou d be looking after their own prop rty there, their own skin and hones, than superintending the blessing of the fonnda-ioR-ttone of a itojinn . Catholic Ohaptl at Parramatta. JBul supposiog the whole sister- hood _ to hov a beea present on that interesting occasion, and standing ready to answer to their nam s when called on, what warrant of Scripture is there for supposing. . that they would either intercede for the worshippers, or that their intercession would bo at all availing? The only instance of anything lire prayers to the saints in Sonpture is that of t1 e rich man in hell praying to Abraham ia heaven ; but that is surely no example fur our imitation. If it were, lt would sffird usbut slight oomfoit on occasions of emergency, The testimony of Scripture oa this point Is plain and ox pl ¡cit. "If any mau sin, wo baye an advocate with tbs Father, Jesus Christ the Righteous." "For as there is one God, so there ia but one mediator, between God and man, tb« man Christ J>aus." Wa' have sufficient warrant for believing in tho omnipresence of that gieat advocate and mediator, for "Lo, lam with you alway,'ev*n to Ihi end of tho world," aro Iiis words to His own dlsoipl.s. " Wherever two or three ara met together in my name, lhere am 1 in the midst of them.1' And with this omnipresent advó- calo and mediator ta the mid»t of our Chris.ian assem- blies, »bat need have we either of tho presence or the sersicosof St. Franois'and St.- Dominio! In fief tho whole Popish praotico of prayers lo the stints- has its origin in unbelief or it fidelity; for »hat worshipper, belioving that Jesus Christ was astrally prêtent with him, would yot address his prayora to any other than to him »ho alone hoareth and answereth the prayer that iisuetb from the heart? ? ; 