ITEMS OF NEWS. The Borough Council meets to-day for the first time since the elections. Councillor New- combe's motion will, of course, be brought up for consideration, unless he withdraws it, which we certainly think he should. 'The particular work of the new Council is to deal effectually with the state of the Borough finances, and it con scarcely be expected that members will be willing to at once pledge themselves to any : course before a committee has been appointed to inquire into and report upon the whole subject of financial reform. "We have it from reliable authority that W. Urquhart, Esq., J.P., has consented to contest the North-Western Province with Mr Fraser. Our Chewton neighbors have lost no time in making capital of the Penny Readings idea. Castlemaine must look to its laurels. On Mon- day next it is proposed to inaugurate the series in the Chewton Hall with selections from scenes, in Macbeth, Julius Caesar, and Othello, and with; readings from Tennysons's May Qneen con cluding with Bardell v. Pickwick. The well- known lecturer and reader, Mr G. S. Hough, from Sandhurst, has consented to occupy the platform for the occasion. The adjourned general meeting of the: Monarch Company took place at Garton's Hotel, Melbourne, on Monday evening, Mr Cutler in the chair. There was a large attendance of shareholders. After bearing the mining manager's report it was unanimously agreed to make a further call of £1 per share, for the purpose of opening the rich ground lately struck by the company. The shareholders expressed the greatest satisfaction at present prospects, and the following were chosen directors, viz. — Messrs Slattery and Thorburn (Castlemaine), Pilley, Ware, Scott, Green, and Widdicombe (Melbourne). The following is the programme of music to be performed in the Market Hall this evening, by the Volunteer Band, under the direction of Mr Huenerbein : Quadrille, " Ramsgate Sands," Burchardt ; " Garibaldi's Triumphal March," Glover ; waltz, " Fairy Talc'." Faust ; " Dauish National Melodies;'' Soldiers' Chorus, from. " Faust," Gounod ; polka, " La Cerita," Lanner ; Selections from " the Magic Flute," Mozart ; galop, " II Corricolo," DeGrau;."God save the Queen." The following was the state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Castlemaine, for the week ending 12th August — For trial, 1; under sentence, 90 ; de tained, 6. Total, 97. The adjourned general meeting of the Fryer's Creek Water Supply Company was held yester day at the Supreme Court Hotel. Present, Messrs Williams (chairman), Boyle, Lee, Cun- nack, Jung, M. Amos, J. Amos, Bond, Myring, Wardle; and Walder. After the minutes of the previous general meeting had been read and confirmed, and the report (previously published) read and adopted, a good deal of discussion ensued in reference to ninety shares (the balance of 130) which had been disposed of by Mr Bailey and not yet allotted. A letter from Mr Bailey, dated March 6th, was produced, stating : "We have only done 130 shares at present, and hope to make the number at least . 200 before Monday." It was resolved to apply to Mr Bailey, and if necessary compel him to allot the shares. On the motion of Mr Myring, seconded by Mr Cunnack, the retiring directors were re appointed, and on the motion of Mr Walder, seconded by Mr Walder, Mr Cunnack and Mr Myring were elected auditors for the eusuing year. Mr Wardle reported that by the end of this week the race would be completed except ten chains. The whole of the shareholders pre sent expressed the fullest confidence in ' the di rectors, and it ' was unanimously resolved to leave their hands entirely unfettered in adopting measures to carry out without delay the pro posed works of the Company. After a desul tory conversation the meeting adjourned sine die. At tlie meeting of the Mining Board held yester day, for the purpose of revising and passing the bye-laws for tlie third time, a letter was read "from the miners at Warburton, stating that the nearest registrar to their place resided 70 miles distant. The Board determined to write to the Minister of Mines, aud request the appointment of a registrar at tlie locality. ; , A meeting of the teachers of Common Schools in the Castlemaine District is convened to take place on Saturday next, at the Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of considering the steps that should ; be taken in furnishing information to the Royal Com mission about to inquire, into the state of education in tlie colony. At the Police Court, , yesterday, there was no business to be transacted. i At the Fryers Police Court, on Monday, Ah Tack, found on the premises of Mr Thomas Dargan, the particulars of which appeared, in our issue of ; yesterday, was brought up, charged with the same, and sentenced to six months' imprisonmeut with hard labor. Fifteen defaulting ratepayers of the Fryers Road Board had been summoned. Ten had . settled their cases out of court, the remaining five had judgments given against them, with, 7s 6d costs in each case. - ; sWe have to acknowledge the receipt from Mr "W". B. Stephenson, of Collins-street/ Melbourne, of a copy of the Netherby Gazette, a journal published on board the ship Netherby on her voyage out from London until the 14th July, when the vessel whs run ashore, .n a fog bank, en the inhospitable coast of King's Island. | A meeting was held in the library of the Me chanics' Institute on Monday evening, to make ar rangements for forming a_Mock JParliameni Some progress was made iu adjusting the preliminaries, and an adjournment was made to Thursday eve ning, for the purpose of forming a ministry and | pushing forward other details. : f A meeting of the Intercolonial Exhibition Committee was held last evening. Present- Messrs. Newcombe (in the chair), Corbet, Ross, Baker, Myring, and Slattery. After the usual preliminary business, the Secretary read a reso lution passed by the Agricultural Society, hav ing for its object the holding of a show in con junction with the local branch of the Inter colonial Exhibition. Mr Newcombe thought the committee could hardly afford to give the £30 required by the society, and; admit the members free. The Borough Council did not promise to pay any expenses arising out of a joint exhibition. Mr Corbet said, as a member of the Agricultural Society, he wa at' first in favor of a joint show, thinking it would be the society's annual spripg show. . He had; however, altered his opinion. Mr Myring ex pressed himself as unfavorable , to , the ; joint show. Besides the sum of £30, the admission of members , of the society free would be a drawback on the funds of the committee . Mr Corbet said that at Sydney collectors were em ployed to gather exhibits. He thought that if a little money was spent that way, it would be beneficial. Mr Ross inquiredi what. exhibits had. been promised, and the Secretary read the list previously published. Mr Newcombe said .the committee of the Agricultural Society were de-' serving of every credit for their offer, which was; no doubt, made with the best intentions/ and with a desire to make it beneficial to the exhibi tion. The Secretary said a polytechnic exhibit tiou could be added, and make it very attractive. Mr Slattery said the Society had acted purely from a desire to help the committee. Mr Ross thought some of the members of the committee should solicit exhibits. On the motion of Mr Myring the Secretary was instructed to write to the committee of tho Agricultural Society,, re spectfully declining their offer on the , ground that they were of opinion its acceptance would result in financial loss to the committee. Mr Newcombe wished publicity to be given through the press to the fact that Mr Rapson: was de sirous of preparing an analysis of the quartz tailings of the reefs of the district. He had only been supplied with '.tailings from fifteen places, and he wished to increase the number to forty. Ho proposed putting samples in bottles— label ling them, and giving the yield of tho quartz per ton at the machine, and the result of the analysis. It was then resolved to hold the Ex hibition in the Mechanics' Institute, and to hold a polytechnic iu connection therewith. Mr Ross moved that the committee be divided into com mittees of three for the purpose of canvassing for exhibits. It was proposed that Messrs Slattery, Corbet, and Newcombe should be appointed a sub-committee with whom the secretary could confer in carrying out matters cf detail in con nection with the Exhibition, but afterwards arranged that the secretary could advise with auy member of the general committee if he re quired to do so. The meeting then adjourned. A public meeting of persons interested in the Mount Alexander Common was held at Har- court on Monday evening, for the purpose of rescinding the action taken at a previous meeting, opposing the sale or alienation of common lands. About forty persons were present. Mr W. Potter was voted to the chair, and at some length explaiued the object of the meetiug, .and hoped, as he understood there might be some opposition to the wishes of tlie people, as ex pressed at the last meeting, that the subject would be fairly discussed. Mr Parbitt moved that the meeting express their concurrence with what had been done at the previous one. Mi- Schmidt seconded. Mr Adamson rose in op position lo the motion, and, after some remarks, moved as an amendment, seconded by Mr Sut ton, that any action taken in this meeting, op posing the sale or alienation of the Common, is tyrannical and unjust. Mr Cartledge spoke in favor of conserving the Common, and opposing altogether sale by auction, and, to a great extent, tho granting of allotments under the 42nd sec tion. After several others had spoken pro and con, the amendment was put, for which there were four votes, and a large majority for the motion. It was then moved by Mr Cartledge, seconded by Mr Saunders, that the managers re ceive the thanks of the meeting for opposing Mr Musslewhite's application under the 42nd section, and that they be requested to continue such opposition in other cases. Carried. Moved by Mr Smith, seconded . by Mr Sehier, that a committee be appointed to draw up a memorial to Mr Grant, carrying out the views of the meeting, the committee to consist of Messrs. Sehier., Cartledge, Saunders, Douglas/the Chair man and mover. Carried. After some perti nent remarks from the Chairman in favor of the retention of the Common, and others equally so irom Mr Adamson against it, the meeting broke up with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The Argus offers the following melancholy prospect to the new Governor. The picture that it paints for his edification unfortunately reflects tlie artist himself too vividly. It is not only at the Council table that Sir John will find igno rance and gaucherie: — " Sir John Manners Sut ton has, not before- held office: in- a community in which the suffrage is so extensive as iu ours; and lie does not know except by report the class of men who are chosen under such a suffrage to serve iuiParliament; and. who from Parliament are elevated to office. He will not, however, long remain ignorant upon this point. It will soon be obvious to Sir John: Manners Sutton that in his intercourse with his advisers— or with some of thein at least— he will have to make large allowance's for ignorance, presumption, and ill-breeding. If his patience and forbearauce are of the greatest he will need all he possesses to endure the gaucheries, the conceit, and the self- assertion which he will witness at the Council board. Still Sir John Manners Sutton will be aware that he must accept the advisers which a spurious democracy has brought to the front in our colonial society. In the present Altoriiey- General, Sir John Manners Sutton has not to encounter the presumption of an ignorant demo crat, but he will be iaco-.to face with a man for whom Proudhon would not' be an unmeet asso ciate.; and who, lo accomjylish his p>urposes, little recks oT the mischief he may do, or of the in struments by which he may accomplish his pur- poses." . . '! ; Tlie Advertiser tells of. a miraculous escape On Sunday afternoon a little girl named Louisa Stringer, 11 years of age, was returning with her brother, about 7 years, of . age, from the Gburch of England Sabbath School; Eaglehawk, to her residence in J ackass Flat, and on crossing tlie Agnew Reef, opposite the Police Station, she in a frisky mood ran up a heap of mulloch round au old sliaft, but when on the top the loose clay close by tlie edges gave way, and she fell down the shaft — a perpendicular one for SO feet, and then rolled down on the underlie of the reef 30 feet further. Her brother hearing her cry and see ing her disappear screamed with all his might, and soon attracted the attention of the police and other persons residing in the neighborhood, who liurried over, and a rope being obtained two miners were lowered to the underlie, down which one of them went and found the girl lying insensible and pale as a ghost, with the reticule, iii which was her Sab bath School books, grasped tightly in her hand. She' was brought to the surface, and her face and hands laved with water. , It was thought she was dead ; but after a while consciousness returned, and the first words she uttered were " Ob, my mother ; my mother. She'll wonder what's keeping me out." The only iujurie's she" appeared to lia-v-e received were a scalp wound bii the back -of tlie head and a slight abrasion on the- right temple. How she es caped being killed is a wohder ; probably a quantity of soft earth lying on the top of the underlie on which she first fell acted like' a cushion, breaking the force of the fall and saving her life. ' The little, girl was sent- home; and was - met by ' her ; parents, who had iu the meantime been infemed of the oe'- currence,< and who were overjoyed to see lier alive and very little the worse for tbe accident. A. curious case .of sticking up is thus reported to us by Mr Griffith, manager of the Bank of .Victoria, Maldon ,:—Cln Saturday . evening, says the Times, at about a quarter, past six o'clock, he: was on his road to Castlemaine— driving a horse and buggy— and about three-quarters of a mile on the Castlemaiue side of tlie Orville Hotel, a man emerged from the bush, being armed with a double-barrelled revlver, and having crape over his face. He seized hold the reins, and, presenting the pistol, demanded or- Mr Griffith to hand over his money. The latter le- fused; when he footpad turned the horse and the vehicle into the hush, and after proceeding a few yards, jumped into the buggy, and still demanding money, produced a rope with which he _ said he would tie up Mr Griffith, and would blow his brains out if h6 wa's '"'nbtr,quit'''ancl did hot "stop his chaff;" further remarking that, "you \vant some of us Sydney boys over here— ryou'r getting too flash." Mr Griffith made a sudden blow at the fellow, and knocked him. into the road, the revolver falling from his liarid. At this moment K man on horse back came up, and Mr Griffith sang out for assist ance — or as a warning to the horseman. The foot pad "with this regained his feet: aud I the Revolver, and seizing tlie 5 bridle of the horse' the new- comer was riding, threatened to blow out his brains if he stirred. The man, iii a'tremulous voice, said to Mi- Griffith "There's some men on the road who will help you." . Mr, Griffith made no more, ado, j or any further .attempt to detain the rascal, hut drove rapidly off on the road, and so on to his destination ; ;tiie. Strangeness of thevKole affait, perhaps, causing him to act thus; aiid als6 inducing him not to at once give information to the police when he arrived at Castlemairis: ; Me describes the rnau to have been about 5ft. lOin. in height, with a felt wide-- awake hat on, his face covered, with crape, and wearing a light-colored jacket or jumper.' On Moil-: day mofniug he returned 'to Maldon, having Mr Farrar, postmaster; as a passenger, and ' they found the tracks of tlie wheels into the bush, and also a piece of 'Manilla rope on the ground, which Mr Griffith identifies as similar to the rope in the hands of the man who attempted to stick him up. If the man on horseback will come forward, some better light may be thrown on the affair. , The Advertiser writes: — Mi- Sullivan will not meet his constituents. The cause of lm retirement from office, the reason of his retention of a seat iff the Cabinet, are both to remain unexplained. The constituency of Mandurang has lost the advantage of being represented by a Minister, and for a time; loses its member j and ;the mining , interest loses a1 representative in the Government whom it has re garded with much favor ; but no one is to know the reason why. We, Geelong Advertiser, ; have been informed, : on undoubted authority, tliat the Rev. Andrew! Love intends to be a candidate for the representa tion, !of the South Western Province in the Legisla tive Council. . . '' 