METROPOLITAN RACES. RANDWICK SPRING MEETING, The Derby Day. Saturday, Septehbee 1. Patron : His Excellency Sir John Young, Bart., K.C.B., G.C.M.G., &c.; President : the Hon. E. Seat. Thomson, U.K. Vice-President : Alfred Cheeke, Esq. Judge and Htndicapper : Mr. John Lackey. Treasurer : Hr. John l)a V. Lamb. Starter : Mr. W. G. Hesfrey. Stewards : The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, the Hon. Sir W. M. Manning, 1ST. Richard Jones, Mr. J. F. Downes, Mr. W. II. Busby. Hon. Secretary atd Clerk of the Course : Mr. Buchan Thomson. The opening day of the Metropolitan Spring Kace Meet ing at Banilwick was in every sense a success. The un settled weather of the two previous days, and the gloomy overcast diy of Saturday morning, caused much anxiety to the piomoters of thp meeting ; but as the forenoon of the Derby dsy advaEced, the eun broke through the clouds, anA a \\\aan\ ifnl ufta\nnr\n miraathn *aeiitt. Tho nt+atidaTina on tbc course was large, much larger than was anticipated, the dull limes and scarcity of money being considered. It was certainly not so large as upon the great Champion race day of the past, or on one or two other great occasions ; lul it w.is fully as large as it usually is upon an ordinary race day. The road to the course, too, was in a better condi tion than it has been fur several meetinfr.8 past. It has been repaired in several place?, and, with the exceptions of two or lbree short patches of rough ground, the road ia all Ihnt could be dceired. The rain that fell on Thursday was euflk'itct to thoroughly lay tb.6 duct, but cot sufficient to liquify it into mud ; there was therefore but little matter fur complaint in regard to the road, either with respect to vehicles or pedestrians. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Young, accom panied by Mies Dalton and Lord John Taylour, arrived at iiandwick early in the afternoon, and were received by the officials of tbe Jockey Club; and upon makiog tbeir ap pearance on that part of the Grand Stand set apart tor tte Governor and suite, the band struck up the National Antbem, and the whole of the people on the stand rote and remained uncovered until the Viceregal party had taken their seats. That portion of the stand devoted to the members of the Jockey Club and their friends was occupied by a large number of the elite of Sydney, the gay toilets of the fair visitors imparting a gay and cheerful aspect to the scene. Kefrf uhnients were supplied, as usual to the visitors to ihe Grand Stand, by Mr.'W. J. O'Brien, the enterprising proprietor of TattersaU's Hotel, who also provided an excel lent luncheon for the members ef the Jockey Club and their lriende, and another for the general public. Vi'e must not omit to mention another little matter which contributed materially to the convenience of the visitor*, namely (he race cards, or rather race books. All the neccfi' eary information respecting the onmes of tho horses, the colours of the jockeys, weights to be carried, and the general conditions of each race is compiled and printed in a conve nient pamphlet form that eould be carried in tho waistcoat poctel. Gppoeitethe printed conditions of each race a blank page is left ior memoranda ; and four blank leaves are per forated in lines, crossing each other at right angles, thus dividing each leaf into eighteen sweepstake tickets, the size of a penny stamp, seventy-two in all. It only remains for us to state that the main feature of the amusements was of the same character as the concomitants — olmcft unexceprionably good. There were seven starters fer the Trial Stakes, six for tbo Derby St. Leger Handicap, six for the Derby, four for the Innkeepers' Stakes, and ten for the Epeom Handicap. Warwick, The Gift, and Bul gimkar were the only horses backed for the Trial Stakes Warwick being the most fancied. The race was a good one, but jupt before the finish Ashworth let oat his horse and took the *' y«llow and black' UDen Warwick to tho front and thus accredited victory No. '1 to Mr. Tait. Tbe next race on the card, the Derby St. Leeer Handicap, was regarded as a certainty either for Tim WinStar or Varroville, ae, Gulnare was reported to have gone wrong, And it was pretty generally believed that nothing else in the race could p&oe; with Tim Whifller except Varroville, who was as yet untried. Gulnare, however, appears to have re covered in a niott surprising manner, as she went to the frost on the fall of the flag, kept in front to the finish, and wa«, in fact, never asked to race. At the end of the first mile end a-quarter Gulnare, with Tim Whifflor about two lengths in her rear, ran clean away from the remaining horses, and at the finish there could not have been lesB than thirty lengths between the second and third horces. The result of this race took almost everyono by turf rite, not excepting Ihe owner of the winner, who believed that he bad no chance for it, seeing that the filly bad gene lume and been a week in the Btable, with only ono canter, and that on Friday morning. Tim Whifner ran a game horee in this race, »nd but for the crusher that he had on his back- 8 ut. 13 lbs. to Gulnare's 7 st. 6 lbs. — he must have won it. With 7 st. 4 lbs. in the Metropolitan Stakes handicap on Thursday next, he may be in a different position, and certainly tho fliers will have to travel (tat, or the cheque for the big prize will go to Mr. De Mentre. The next event was the great race of the day, the Derby, for which Fishhook and The Barb have been n'rft and second favourites ever sidcs the last Autumn meeting. Of I he performances of Fishhook and Budellght at Ihe latt Autumn meeting cot one word need be said here, OB it is in the recollection of all \iho take an interest in lacing that, with equal weight, they ran right away from all the horses of the same year that they met, and that Fitlihock was then made first favourite for the Derby at an absurdly efcort price. This position he maintained up to the start, Ihe odds then being on him instead of against him ; but while the majority thought that Fishhook must win, not a few trusted their money to The Barb, and waited in confidence Ihe result. They were not disappointed, for the little hone pulled off tbe 'Blue Kibbon' cleverly, and the thunder of applause that burst from the crowd as The Barb pesBEd tbe post expressed more forcibly than words could do tbe goodwill which the patrons of the Turf entertain for Mr. Tait. The colt was well ridden by young Stanley — the rider of Volunteer when he won tho Mayor's Cup twelve months ago— but he was never called upon to race. The boy left bis spurs at home and be night have left his whip also, for, Tbe Book never puebed him at nny part of the'raoe, and as for Budtlight, be was emphatically nowhere from the time the flag was dropped until the enthusiastic cheers from tbe people on the stand and the thcusands that lined the course told of tho victory of The Bnrb. Another round of cheers was given for The Barb as he returned to the enclo sure, and another as he left tho weighing yard afier weigh ing in. A blue ribbon— the insignia of the great race ho hnd won — was tied round the colt's nook, and he was led In triumph round the yard. Doubtless, a conrideraWe majority of tbe people who witnessed the race were gratified at seeing a new South WalcB horse win, but bnd Mr. l'ilgoto noon successful he would have been most warmly congratulated ; and even now not a few attribute tho favourite's defeat to want of condition. To appearanoe be was the perfection of form, but when ho returned to tbe saddling paddock aftor the race it was very evident that bis trainer bnd not succeeded in getting him into tbe highest state of which he is capable. We should not be giving credit to whom credit is due if wo omitted to dinci epeciol attention to the lubuiug of Jiylune Hio owner deserves all the credit that springs from the fact of bis having d- featcd the son of the great FiFherman ; and th« Netsrs. Lee, tbe breeder of both The Barb and Bylonr ouch? to feel proud of their tucctes in breeding such colte It fa somewhat noticeable that the winners of the three first racea wtie all by Sir Heresies. The Innkeepers' Stakes wasi gift to old Birmingham, who led all tbe wuy from start to finish. Tho termination of the last race of the day was b» far the beet -.f tbe five. Half-a-dozen of tbc horses wem all in n cluster, and it was impossible to see from the stanl in what pofilisns the first four stood. Bracelet and IUnidW finiFhed with a dead heat, whiloDundee and Orphan, less than half a lrugtbfromiheheadsof the first pair, were alraostneck and neck for third place. It was evident that Bracelet could have won the race if be had been pressed, but hi» jockey, believinp that he had the race in hand, at le*«t so far as the favourite— Dundee— was concerned allowed RBuidan to come up on tbe inMdo and eo finish* witt a dead heat, whereas if be had given his hoiBe acut with tbe whip throe or four strides from the post bo must bare won it bt least by a nock, or perhapB by half a JenethV Barely is a bandlcapper so fortunate as Mr. Lackey was in this occasion, in bringing the horses home almost within* bead of each other. There was another good race in run ning off the dead heat, and a second dead heat was narrowly CECoped. Bracelet was slightly in front when the flog was lowered, but he allowed Rapidan to cut out the ranking ' with Ihe hope, evidently, of collaring him in the main! This, however, was not to be, and Mr. De Mestre's hoiw pulled off the prize by a head. ™° We havo only to add that tbe officials performed their duties to the satisfaction of all concerned, und that there were no accidents, disputes, or protests to mar tho eniov mentoftheday. J * A more detailed account of tbe racing is appended First Race.— The Trial Strikes of 4 sovereigns each, \rith 40 sovereigns added ; for 3 yrs. and upwards, which havt not won apiize exceeding 60 sovereigns in value up totinm of entrance; 1} mile. Mr. J. Teit'f ch. (r. Warwick, 6 yrs. ; 9 st. 6 lbs. (Ashworth) i A. Mackcllar's b. h. Eulgimbar, 4 yrs.; 8 st. 12 1& (Holmes) z A. Bowman's d. gr. f. Mavitana,*™.; 8Et 7 lbs. (Bi£boi)i - Ihomai Ivory's b. g. Wild Dayrell, 4 yr«. j 88t. 9 lbs. BtccuMS's br. g. Cooramin, 6 rrs. ; 9 st. b lbs. W. winch's bl. f. Olaa, 3 yrt. j 6 it. 121bs. J. De Clouett's b. g. The Gift, 6 yrs. ; 0 st. i lbs. Belting:— Even money on Warwick; 2tol against Tha Gift; 5 to 2 against Bulgimbar; 10 to 1 against any other. A very good start was effected, Ceororain and The Gift going to the front immediately upon tte fall «f the flar while Balgimbar was tie last to get away. At the Racks trmi Cooramin was leading with The Gift about a length in his ' rear, and two lengths behind Tbe Gift was tbe favourite with Wild Dayicll and Maritana in dose attendance, anj Olga, hopelessly in the rear. At the back of tbe course The Gift went up to Cooramin and passed him, and immediately afterwards Warwick also collared and jtHSsed Cooramin, Just beforo reaching the Derby corner Bnlglmbar was takes ? alongside of Warwiok, and for a hundred yardi the three were all together. Warwick, however went to the front as they were entering the straight running, and came up the coarse at a spanking pace, hard held. Bulgimbar was two lengths behind War wick at the finish, end Maritana, four or five leigths behind him, defeating The Gift for third place. Time, 2 rein. 18£ tec Second Race.— The Derby St. Leger Handicap of 205 sovereigns (from the fund), added to a E«repst&kes; of 10 sovereigns each for acceptors ; h, ft. ; for horses nominate! in either the Australian Derby of 18G5, or St. Leger of 1866; 2 ailes; second horse 40 sovereigns from tbe prim. 49 DVUUIW1D. Mr. G. Lec'B ch. f. Gnlnare, 7 tt. S lbB. (W. Groroc) l E. De Mestre's b.c Tim Whifflcr, 8 et. IS lbe? (Stone) '' J , TV. Town's b. f. Ludia. 8 st. 2 lbs. (Csvanagn) ... ' j B. Ricberds' b. g. Little Eobin, 8 rt. 3 lbs. Jodge Chceke's b. f . Vammlle, 7 st. b lbs. John Lee's bl. c. Buccaneer, 7 st. 7 lbs. Betting: 6 to 4 against Tim Whifflcr, 2tolagahtt 'Varroville, 5 to 1 against any other. When the borees drew up for the start Tim'Whiffler became very restless, and broke away from the rest, causing come delay. At length a tolerable line was formed, the flag 1 full, and the lot dashed off, Ludia and Varroville getting the worst ef it. Before a hundred yards had been travelled over. Gulxare was in front, with Little Robin eeoond, the favourite third, Buccaneer fcurtb, and the two fillies fifth and sixth. This order was maintained np to the Derby corner, and into the straight running. In passing the stand Gulnare bad a strong lead, Tim Whifner lying second, Little Robin third, Varroville fourth, Buccaneer fifth, and Ludia last. After passing tbe Bocks turn, the favourite shook off (ha horsee that bad up to that point been in close attendance, and at the back of tbe ceurso tbe gap between him and tbo ruck widened at every stride. He now essayed to react Gulnare, whom bo was overhauling fast ; he reached her girths as they passed the trainers' stand, but could not get In fiorir, as the filly was well in band and had lots of run ning left At the distance post Stone pulled out his whip and plied it vigorously in vain ; the 22 lbs. difference in the weights told its tale, and tbe little mare came home an easy winner by two lengths, untouched by whip or epur. Ludia was between twenty and thirty lengths behind Tim Whif. Her Buccaneer was fourth, Little Robin fifth, and Vanorills last. Time, 3 minutes 45 seconds, Thikd Race.— Tho (Australian) Derby Stakes of 30 snvereigES each; h. ft.; for 3 years; colts, 8 st. 10 lbs.; fillies, 8 st. 5 lbs. The second to receive CO sovereigns Git ot the stakes ; l{ mile. — SS subs. Mr. J. Tait's bl. c. The liarb, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Stanley) ? 1 , Jcbn Lcc'b ch. cBylotg, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Canr) ? 2 H. Fitter's b. c. Fishhook, 8 et. 10 lbs. (Morrison) ... 3 T. Ivorj'e br. c. Blair Athol, 8 st. 10 lt,s. Judpc theekt's br. c. Sir John, 8 tt. 10 lbs. B. Fisbcr'E b. c. Budolight, 8 fit. 10 lbs. Betting: Even on Fishhook, S to 4 against The Barb, 6 to 1 egaiBBt Bylong, 10 to 1 against any other. Tbe flag fell to an excellent start, and so close were they for the first hundred yards that it waB impossible lo see what was leadirg. When ttey passed the distance-port the first time, they bad settled down into their places, and in passing the stand The Barb was leading, with Blair Athol second, Sir Johnikird, Bylong fourth, the favourite fifth, and Budclight iast. In this order they passed the Rocks turn, and raced towards the Denison turn, where Bylong ran into third place, Sir John falling off. Fish hook now began to make play, and he veiy eoon improved his position, having passed Sir John, and immediately after wards Bylong. When opposite the new stand, and ap proaching tbe Derby comer, The Barb had a lead of t kngtb, Blair Atbol still lying second, and the Hook close up. So they came on into the straight running, when toe favourite made a futile effort to reach Mr. Tait s colt. He passed Blair Athol, however, but was immediately after wards collared by Bylong, who beat bim by a length foe second place, Tbe Barb being about three lengths in front of Bylocg. Blair Athol was fourth, Budulight fifth, mi Sir John last. The Barb pulled off the great prize without being asked to race from start to finish— indeed, the mile fl and a half spin was but a canter for him. Time, 2 minutet ? 4»l eeconas. h Foe bth Race.— The Innkeepers' Stakes of 7 sovereigns ? each, with 70 sovereignsadded ; for three J ears and upward, fl which have sot wen a prize exoeeding 100 sovereigns ia ? value up to the tima of entrance ; a winner of such a priza ? thereafter to carry 3 lbs. extra ; maidens at starting allowed S filbs.; If mile; second horee to receive U sovereigns out ? of the prize. B Mr. Gto. Waldron's b. g. Birmingham, aged, 9 st. 10 lbs. ? (DcnneUy) ? * 9 E. UcMcstre'o gr. g. Jamberoo, 6 yean, 9st. 1011s. (J. K 6tonc) ? ? ? 2 ?: L. Flannery's b. g. Quadrant, 6 years, 9 st 10 lbs. (Flan- X Bc-ry) ... ... ... ... ... ... ? 9: Jobn Kennedy's bl. h. Don Juan, 6 rears, 9 et 13 Ibe. V Betting even on Birmingham, 2 to 1 against any other. ? This race is easily described. Tbe favourite jumped off m with a strong lead, was never caught, and won the raw ?; bard held. Jamberoo raa second and Quadrant thirl m throughout, the latter being abont six .lengths behind Jam- m: teroo at the finish, who was four lengths in rear m of the winner. Don Juan had net the ghost of a chanM m. from the start. Time, 8 minutes 21 J seconds. B Fifth Race.— The Epsom Handicap of 6 sovengns each; m. h. ft. ; with 50 sovereigns added ; for 3 yrs. and upward! ; ? 1 mile ; second hcree 10 sovereigns from the prize : H Mr. E. De Mcstrc's b, g. Eapiden, 6 jit. ; 7.Jt-clJ?B^j) i M John Eeoth'e, jun., br. g. Bracelet, agea, to'-.C^jj' J * ? Choafe'Ena.:ch.cDunace5 yK;9et.2 lb«. iDrijcoll) ... » B George Weldron'6 ch. g. Orphan, 5 jtb. ; 7 st. 4 Its. H Mr. Momden's fir. h . Albert, 6 yrs. ; C Et. 7 lit. K W. 1'ameU'B. b. f. Fleur dc Lis, 5 yrs. ; Cst. 12 lbs. W £. Lee's ch. g. Hamlet, aged ; 8 st. Hi F. U. Doyle's ch. g. Marcus ttfci ; 7 ft. C lbs. S1 W. Winch's b. g. Satellite, aged ; 7st. S lbs. ? A. Bowman's gr. f. Maritana, 4 yrs. ; 7st. K Belting : 2 to 1 against Dundee, 2 to 1 against Braoeleti M 3 to 1 against Albert, 6 to 1 agnintt any other. m There was a good deal of ciffioulty in gotUng tte m horees together for the start In this race. At m the first attempt Marcus and Hamlot broke away, m tnd the former ran a considerable distance before be m could be Induced to take hii placo at the s^Bfi At length something like a line was formed, end the horsM were sent away, but tho start was a very bad one, a™ leaoiog borsea were lengths away beforo the remainder started. Albert, who was supposed to have a &»?d-*™? for it, being the most unfortunate of all. We are inforin«U however, that bis bad aUrt was owing in a great measure w lie man who held bim holding him aftor the '«'' lowered. Hamlet got the best of it at the **%J™ i? Biaiethemostof it for tbe first, couple of hundred yarfli. Bracelet was tecond, Dundee third, and the rack : imm£ dutely in the rear. Bracelet gradually overhauled Hauua, and rfundte doBed up also, so that in passing Uu i 1W Corner tbe three were altogether. Bracelet wenwauy showed in front, and he came up lie straight running «j» a lead of a length; at the distance post am' was »nde by the whole of the horses immediately tewna. Bud before C«ne could put on the steam, Ifeing eT1S* under the impression that he bad the raoe in nsno, Hapidan, Dundee, and several others were upon a'''.'? former and Bracelet finishing with a *»* '' £ Dundee was third by half a length, and Orphan ww w clofo upon him that it w«s jmvneible to see ^^^ which Lad the advantage. It was the finest finish W™ have seen »t Randwick for many a day, and 1'.Dll'Jl1^-)ns ? brfore we look upon its like again. Time, 1 nun, 61 eeo. ? The heat was run off about balf-an-bour -te*v-«J-- ? Enpidan led oil tbo woy from tbo post, and won by - !'»£ ? loth jockeyBiiBinB the whip from the distance post. WMi ?' This tcrSatea the day's sporta, and Immediately after- ? wurds there wna a rush made hsmowarda. , ? 1 he general settling en the raees took plaos at Tatttrwu g at 8 o'clock oil Monday sight. ?. 