EXECUTION OF A a correspondent, ot a Chinese mnow Amoy on the 31st of December Ia<B +JVritig W the execution of a rebel :— ' 1x113 describ \ A Chinese named Y au-tau. a „ _ 63 was about a month ago arrested for tl,j onS"a guilty of conspiracy and rebellion' 2 ' andf0M to a slow and lingering death. He wa, COndet«oed the 21st inst at noon, on the Tsuin and within a few yards of the Hamburg . and,- -directly m front of several oth« l0tlSuW houses, that are situated there. He wa i Ut0Pean the place of execution, so heavily ir0T1p!i a?ei to acled that he could not walk and h ««? starved lor some time previous, aPpea3al®«t miserable object of suffering humanity t,W eoiost imagined, more dead than alive. He 00,11(1 be by about 300 Mandarin soldiers head i!a\tUatcled carrying a Le'eng, or warrant ofH5" of life and death, who, having dressed h m!iWer red hood ; and . mantle, seated himself t la placed there for the occasion, demands a table, to be brought before him; which beinrr?"5011 was forced on his knees. The Hai-H e> be him to receive 300 blows with the bam£ r<lere(1 rebel having received his' 300 blows and b without a murmur, was taken to a' cross H?0tlleirt been erected for the purpose, and bein» fc lashed to it, in an upright posture, with i!CUrely extended, the executioner commenced bi v a?®8 butcher . by first cutting off the flesh ah 1)1(1 eyes ; next the ears and then the breasts ft tlle cnt 'through the muscles of each arm. Th 1)6 muscles oE the thighs were cut out in th J'er tlle executioner had performed tt? dreadful tortures upon the poor wretch he 1 "a small knife aside and took another, about t " 1,13 long, and about an inch broad ; and cut r,!U|!aollea each side of the man's chest, layiuo the rih u oa Then he made several flourishes with the khf then ran it into the poer victim's body 6 ?' aai1 just below the steruum in the middle of lh« iDS to the full extent of the blade. This I thought hoped would prove the coup de grac But , a.U(1 the man still breathed, and the execution?? continued his- bloody task, cominp- iW.„ ; with the knife, and letting !S?» He then- slashed, and cut open the «f i' Then giving a yell, he ran his hand in and S the man's liver and cut it out. This 'finished? torture, and the'executiouer left the victim in tv mutilated state, not yet dead, fur I saw him several gasps for breath afterwards. The bodv exposed on the same wharf for five clays afterwa? to the great annoyance of the Europeaus who cupied the house adjacent. The poor rebel bore h£ inhuman tortures most manfully, not a moan cry escaped .him during all the time. The onlv movement he made was a slight quiverino 0f J, whole frame, and a movement of the head" to and fro ; otherwise .a spectator might have questioned whether he was alive or dead during the horrible ex. hibitioa. . - AV e take the folio wiug from the Age : — " A pubH0 trial of Hart's cylindrical quartz crashing machine took place on Wednesday, rt the New" Era iron works, Latrobe-street west. Siuce the last public trials, certain improvements have been made calcu lated to pes feet the machiue and render it more use', ful. These, improvements consist in cutting docni the flange3 of the external cylinder, by which means a quicker discharge of the quartz is obtained, and what is of equal advantage, the machine is made to empty, itself at both ends. Additional shoots have been constructed for the purpose of distributing the quartz evenly beucath the cylinder, so as to make the crushing more uniform. The quartz to be crushed is broken to a convenient size and placed on hoppers, from whence it falls into the cylinder. After being crushed, the debris is discharged by means of water upon a large strike, with ripples having quicksilver on. the top and copper plates at the end. The improvements introduced are ot a general nature, and have been directed to a reduc tion of the motive power in driving the machine, ancl consequently of the wear and tear ; and the ad vantages derived from the experiments that have been made are said to be very great. The real test of the machihe, however, can only be obtained by subjecting it to a continuous trial. The machine, it is believed, will, if perfected, revolutionize quartz crushing, and reduce the. expense to its minimum. At the trial, on Wednesday! up yards of one hun dred gentleman, who are interested in mining mat ters, were present. They appointed Mr T. E. Leighton to see to the weighing of the quartz and the feeding of the machine, and to take a note of the time. That, gentleman asserted that 2 tons 5 cwt of quartz was pub through in one hour and ten minutes, with a power of steam amounting to an average of only three horses. The stuff was crushed so fine as to pass through a wire grating of 256 holes to the square inch." The Dead Alive ?— Old Ballaaratians (says the Star) will remember Mr Haslehain, who, in the early clays of Ballaarat, was correspondent for the Melbourne Herald, and a writer for other colonial journals ; ancl who, during the Eureka stockade affair, received a wound in the arm from a stray bullet at that encounter. It will be remembered, also, that it was reported here (and if we mistake not, as if from au English paper) that Mr Hasle hain had- died shortly after his return to Englaud, after undergoing au operation for the extraction of the ball from his arm. The subjoined extract from a letter jnsb received from Manchester, by a mem ber of the Star staff, will, however, show that Mr Haslehain is, probably, still living. AVe should pre mise that the writer of the letter had, in a previous letter, stated that he had seen Mr Haslehain, auu in reply to that statement the member of our start referred to had said his correspondent must have seen Mr Haslehain' s ghost, as that gentleman was dead. The extract is as follows 1 " I was so con vinced that I was right that I resolved to speak to his ghostship the first opportunity. My courage failed me on several occasions. At leugth (I beueie it was in August, 1S61) I met it coming out oi the Examiner and Times Office. Recovering mv breatn, I touched it on the .arm. It turned round, ami 1 said, ' I thiuk I- have seen you before, bhost- ' Very likely/ . I — 'Were you ever at Ba laarat Ghost— 'Yes.' I— 'Your name is Hasleham. Ghost--' Yes.' I—' I don't know that I ever spoke to you before, but I knew you through being Mr Levey, of the Herald.' Ghost— Oh jes, know Air Levey ; he is now on the ArguMI then told it how often I had seen it; tha written to you. 'Did he know you- T 4 ' Ok yes, a on the Star.' I related your art- swer, and when I mentioned that, m/m, ,.J the operation, he sank under it, the gbos rather grave, but said, 'No, not quite that.' A few commonplaces ended m our m > audit vanished round one corner and 1 roum 1 other. Now, what must I think ? Is a . ' jt. sion, or is the laugh against you, instead o - g me ? At any rate, here Hashlehara is, apparently well. I caw him yesterday goj 0 .. town, book iu hand, with that peculiar « . walk." The,familiars of Mr Hasleham J1. in at a loss to recognise the description ot . hand " and the peculiar twist in his va i. hardly necessary for us to add that u e = ' , 0l- hear of his survival, both of the opera io the.ugly report, and trust he may live a a to refute so very unwelcome a rumor. _ _, t Tim SVTTP MAGGIE Atkinson — Dreadful Sufferings of the Ckkw barque Maggie Atkinson of Shielos, fro MUrMfiw with a cargo of cotton valued at o0,0l) , - a ffa3 onFebruaryl3th, iu lat. 25 N., long. 30 > totally burnt in four hours. The crew, I umpkius, escaped. in the long boat with only fou P curryj a small pig weighing about 141b, a ho sUb- and four buckets of water. For hve.' :l- with sisted on the pig's blood aud entrai s - t0 curry, and half a gill of water only wa v,y the each per day, wheu they were picke I ship Manfred from Foochow. The ma « sUbse. of the sailors of the Maggie Atkinson q113. quently transferred to the Hamburg taff Adolf, and were lauded at Plynnou . s. Fokgery by a Clergyman.— At 0btain size, the Rev. G. H. C. Perry, fnr(fed chara0- the curacy of Northill by means ot< parry, tev, purporting to come from one Lev. , up >but really written by the prisoner, i vuat for trial. A singular element m tne > prisoner, .the Rev. A. S. Pott, who had engage1 the was thrown from his horse on tne y pUt in trial, and was killed. His deposi -soner hud and read. It - was shown that . 1 yarjety oj successfully practised swindling 1 , sentenced ways for some time past, and the j | o retting him to eighteen months' lrnpnao ' eU|ence. that he could not add hard labor , 1 01 Some ingenious thieves have fitteci wit-h ® plundering pillar letter boxes, -t c aUti int spring is fitted into the slit of e "the leller? this instead of the proper recelJ' fouud one? which are posted fall. A po»ta« Bet these ingenious appliances in a ' pi ' brok' grave-square, on March 17. 'o/couW 00 or become disordered, so that the bag . withdrawn. 