CAST AWAY. (From Harper's A'cio Monthly Magasine.) \ [I am by profession an Hnglish clergyman, and the following isa faithful nnd true account of my involuntary banishment to, and unintentional stay upon, a small uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean for five months and ten days Lest any of my readers should think this narrative overdrawn, or doubt the truthfulness of the Btory, I can simply assure them of its truth ; and further state it has been my lot to meet with several sailors who, cither by desertion from the hardships of a whaler's life, or left behind by boats touching at the various islands for water, have experienced a like fate, aomc of them living lor years on the spot Prov ¡deuce or their own untoward fate has cast them, sustained by the natural supplies there lound, and which are provided with no niggardly hand. Any whaling captain will Beor evidence to the truth of this state- ment. UOUERT D. CAUTER ] I had been HviDg for u little over two years in the northern part of New Zealand, near the Bay of Islands, a place of groat resort of the whaling vessels which put in there from Decem- ber to March for fresh provisions and vegetables. The native tribe living upon the littleislets which stud the bay arc a branch of the Ngapuhi, one of the most important and powerful in New Zea land. With this tribe I had been livingforover two years, trying to get together schools and plant- ing churches, vi orking the meanwhile with my own hands to obtain the necessaries of life, plant- ing my own potatoes, catching fish, and shooting occasionally a wild hog or goat, as well as the wild pigeons whioh haunt the forest, and the wild duok which frequent the deep inland bays "of those regions. The natives had given me a ' piece of ground, about ten acres in extent," on which grew very many peach-trees and one or two fig-trees. On this plot, called Opipito, they helped me to build a hut of a kind of bullrush, found in the swamps and called by them Ranpo In this house I lived without seeing a white face or hearing an English word spoken for over two years, learning much of the native customs, and inuring myself to an outdoor life of hardy yet healthful exorcise. And well for me, as after events will prove, was it that this was the case, otherwise my hand never would have written this account, but have been lying, in all probability, mouldering and bleach- ing on the pebbly beach of a little island in the Pacific Ocean. In the month of August, in the year 1859, in the second week of tho month, on a Friday, the nineteenth morning, near the middle of the wet season, (in the northern part of New Zealand we have in reality but two seasons in the year, summer or the dry season, and winter or the wet season,) I wished for a change of diet, as I had been living for the last ten days on potatoes, and made up my mind, as the day promised to be fair, a gentle sea-breeze blowing, to go out for a day's fishing. Outside the harbour of the Bay of Islands, about sixteen miles off, is one of the niost noted Capes in New Zealand, called Cape Brett. The capo is a well known landmark to vessels entering tho port, and, as the v.hole breadth of the Pacific washes up against its rocky sides and rebounds with a deep sullen roar, there is nearly always in its neighbourhood a dangerous sea rolling ; while, to add to the difficulties of navigation, there arc several rocks, some covered at all times, and known only by the white water around them ; others bare at low tide, and only covered at high- water-these are more clearly seen and avoided -while about six miles out at sea, eastward from Cape Brett, aïe two groups of rocks always out of water, though at high tide but a few feet out ; over these the sea breaks wildly, and, ex- cept on very still days, they aro dangerous for small boats or canoes to approach. Hard by lhere is good fishing for a kind of codfish named by the natives Wahpuka, or JIahpuka, fre- quently weighing fifty or sixty pounds each. On this Friday morning, then, as soon as my breakfast was over, I stated to two native boys that 1 had named Paihia and Wipuna, my wish to go out for a day's fishing, desired thom to get my boat ready and go out with mc to Black Rocks. My boat was sixteen feet over all. I had twice before gone out alone in her, off Gape Brett, and had both times returned in safety ; so that when the boys asked me if I could spare them, as they were desirous of taking up our potatoes-which they were afraid were spoiling from the frequent rains we had had-I started off alone. At tho end of two hours' pleasant sailing I arrived safely at the fishing-grounds. I lighted ray pipe, baited my lines, and waited patiently for a bite, which soon came, and I took a fish of about twenty pounds' weight. I had been out about three hours and had caught five fish. The day was beautifully sunny and warm, the breeze had died away, and a soft easy swell was all that disturbed the Ocean. I was re baiting my hook after catching my last fish, when I folt a breath of air fan my cheeks, and, looking up, saw a little ripple curling and crisping the waters. A land-breeze was setting in. In great haste, and muoh ap- prehension, I rolled up my lines, hoisted my Bails, and attempted to regain the place I had left in the morning. Meanwhile the breeze freshened, the tide was ebbing, and a strong current sot me more and more rapidly from the Black Roclis and the land. To add to my per- plexity, the gnff of my mainsail gave way, and I the sail come down. This took several minutes to repair, and all this time I was being gradually drifted further out to sea. Feeling that I could not manage the boat single handed against wind, tide, and current, I hauled down both sails, and, putting out my paddles, attempted to row baok. After nearly two hour's' hard and strenuous exertion, completely foiled and utterly weary, I had to give that up. In this state of affairs I took out niy pipe, and, witina strange feeling . of despair, began to smoke, letting the boat drift. A sense of utter helplessness stole over me. I felt as if all that was passing were a hideous dream. How long I remained so I cannot say. I took no note of time. But when I roused myself, and looked once more around, I found the sun setting, and a thin gray mist slowly creeping along the land, quietly veiling it from my sad and lingering gaze. Thank God there was a moon ! I can hardly say how its light comforted me. Even now I scarcely dare to think how that long and weary night would Lave passed had it been dark and cloudy. I knew that far away out t sea were a group of three small islands. I had heard the natives frequently speak f them as being high, rocky, and covered with forest. I had, moreover, heard of canoes being drifted out there, carried onward by the very wind which was then blow- ing. By degrees it dawned upon my mind that I might reach them. I accordingly once more set sail, and ran all night before a steady mild breeze. Oh, how long that night seemed! The day-so eagerly longed for, and yet bringing with it a dreary consciousness of affording no relief-at length came. First a light grey streak along the eastern horizon, gradually as- suming a rosy hue, then changing to a deeper crimson flush. The sun, round, large, and red, rose like a vast ball of blood, softening after a while toa brilliant gold; and then the whole sky became flecked with little golden clouds. I remember how I marked each chango of the dawn j how dreamily I watched the sun rise; aud then, waking up as it were with a start, how I placed my hand over my eyes and looked long and eagerly all around. No land was in sight. Oh, my God, what a strange, strange feeling of utler desolation thrilled through me as I gazed on the wide expanse of waters ! Alone out on tho open sea in a small undecked boat, hardly any provisions, one or two 6Uiall bottles of water, with no compass to steer by oven had I known in which direction to go-the sun only to diroct aqy course I might choose to take, my heart felt choked up with despair-Icruld neither cry nor speak. Long, long I gazed in the direction I thought the islands lay. At last on the dii-tant horizon I saw what I at first thought were clouds, low down and resting on the water. 1 looked again when a short time had elapsed. The outline was unchanged but more distinctly defined, and as the sunlight glinted on it, I dis- cerned the peaks of some high lands. I steered straight toward them. I then ate some of my cold eooked potatoes, and drank eagerly of tho water, the first food that had passed my lips since I started. I then lighted a pipe and patiently awaited theeourse of events. Here a new and unexpected shock awaited me. Hap- pening to look behind my boat I saw a hugo shark following silently in my wake I can hardly describe the cold thrill of horror that tingled through my veins at the sight. Every moment my excited imagination made me think it was going to attack me. Already I pictured myself as being torn to pieces. I was fascinated, and could not turn away my gaze, as the creature quietly followed every motion of my boat, seem- ing instinctively to know the predicament I was in, and looking upon me as its lawful prey. About noon I was sufficiently near the shore to mark Lhe outlines of the coast, which seemed to be rocky and precipitous,gloomy and forbidding; the hill summits crowned with large trees. When I approached within two miles of tho land I tacked, and ran along the shore until I rounded a rocky point and saw a small bay with a wall of -rocks on eaoh side, about, as near as I could guess, two hundred yards wide and one hundred and fifty deep. Here I hauled down my sails, put out my paddles, and pulled on shore, landing on a steep pebbly beach. I took out my blankets to have a sleep, for I felt exceedingly weary j first, however, fastening my boat a short distance out from the beach, letting out a small grapnel from the bows, a large stone fastened in a noose from the stern, and taking the further precaution of carrying a long rope I always had with mo in the boat on shore, and fastening it to a large tree that sprang out from a cleft in the rocks. I then rolled myself up in my blankets and fell fast asleep. When I awoke the moon was shining bright and olear high up in the sky. I was roused from my sleep by a thumping grat- ing sound on the beach which minglod strangely with my dreams. I started up and found my boat bumping on the beach. It was high- water when I had landed, and the ebb of the tide i had partly stranded her. The stone had slip-1 ped out of the noose, and the boat had swung round. The wind during my sleep had fresh- ened, and a heavy surf rolled in. I untied the rope on shore, and pulling up my grapnel got into my boat, and tried to paddle out from the beech. I saw a small indent in the rocks on the right side of the bay, past which the breakers rolled, and concluding that it was more sheltered there!, I thought I would pull the boat thither. I managed with no small difficulty, to got about fifty yarda from tho beach, when I heard a dull heavy roar behind me, and, looking round, I saw a large wave rolling in, rearing up its white crested mane, and seeming as if would overlap and tumble in. I gave oneshort, terrified glance, let go my oars, threw my arms round the middle thwnrb of my boat-there was a dull, heavy crash, and I felt the boat borne swiftly along, rolling over and over, until it settled with a crash on the low rocks at one side of the bay, aud I found myself flung out a little higher up, bruised, sore, half choked and half blinded with the salt water. I dragged my aching limbs a little higher up the rock, andthere sat and looked in dismay at my poor boat, with her side stove in, and a sharp-pointed rook sticking through her bottom. My boat was irretrievably ruined and broken, and I had foolishly left in it my fishing lines, the fish, and the remainder of my potatoes, as well as tho two empty bottles. Mechanically I put my hands into my pocket for my pipe ; it was gone, too ; I had left it on one of tho thwarts of the boat, and thus I was deprived of even tjiis poor comfort and consola- tion. It may seem ridiculous, but it is never- theless true, that I took the loss of my pipo more to heart than every other loss I had sus- tained. Doubtless I ought to have been thank- ful I had escaped with my life ; but I cannot say I felt so. .1 could do nothing but rock backward and forward on the stone on which I sat, cold, wet, and shivering, and bitterly lamenting my hard fate. How long I might have remained thus I cannot say; time passed alto- gether unheeded ; I marked not that sun's rise, I heeded not that breaking morn. Lonely, deserted, forlorn, and sad, I was once more roused to a consciousness of my position by hunger. I looked round and found the rocks on which I sat covered with oysters. Gathering up a large pebble I began breaking some open, and I tore my fingers in the operatiou, and felt a sort of savago pleasure in the pain. After satisfying my hunger I next looked round for wator, which, to my exceeding joy and thank- fulness, I found trickling down one of the roeks. Thither accordingly I hastened, and took a good long draught. After bathing my fucc and washing my hands Isat down somewhat refreshed. What should I do next? I scarcely knew. Anything rather than sit still; that nearly drove me wild. I tried to murmur a prayer, but my thoughts would wander away, and I found that I could only tranquilizo my mind by moving about. I wandered back to the boat, and, hopeless as the task was, tried to mond her. I had with mo my pocket-knife, and tried various poor devices with it. Although perfectly convinced of the uselessness of my task 1 could not abstain from working at it ; and it was not until I had thrown away two whole days that I desisted. The first night I gathered a heap of long dry fern, and slept on it, rolled up in my blankets. It was on Satur- day that I landed on the island, and, although the following day was Sunday, I worked all day at the boat. It was not undi Monday night that I finally gave up the attempt. The small bay was surrounded by a rocky rampart, varying in height from ninety to two hundred feet, sur- mounted by a dense forest. At the feet of these rocks ran a low shelving rock from ten to twelve feet broad, sloping and covered at high tide, but bare at low water, and incrusted with oysters. The beach was composed of shingle descending steeply into tho water. Inland was a small piece of level ground, about half an aero in extent, the middïe of which was a basin, into which the little spring of water tumbled, whose waters fell and rose with the ebb and flow of the tide-the water of the sea percolating through the pebbly beach, In this small pond grew a sort of flag, called by the natives of New Zealand raups, and of which, as I have before stated, their huts are mostly built. Round the pond the ground was composed of small pebbles, or gravel and'saud; growing over the sand was a coarse kind of bent or grass. Nearer tho rocks which inclosed this flat piece of ground in an irregular semicircle grew tall ferns, finding root in the soil and débris washed down from the upper grounds, and shaded and kept moist by the overhanging rocks. Down a steep gully, narrow and blocked up "with huge boulders, fell the small stream of water, trickling finally in little rills over the green slimy surface of a rock about thirty feet high. In the clefts of the rooks were growing shrubs, with here and there the larger growth of a pohutukawa, a largo, crooked-limbed ever- green tree found in New Zealand, and bearing about Christmas a most beautiful crimson bloom ; the boat-builders there used the crooked limbs of this tree for the knees and elbows of their boats. On the top of the rocks surrounding this small flat of ground was the dense forest, and, towering up again in the far background, were several volcanic peaks, conical-shaped and rising to a height of from nine hundred to one thousand feet, all tree-clad to their summits. This is an imperfect description of the place on which, Crusoe-like, I bad been so strangely thrown, with no earthly possessions beyond a small pockct-knifo, a pair of blankets, and a few pieces of broken glass, (the remains of my broken bottles, which I found on the rocks and carefully treasured,) and my tattered sails and broken boat. How far the island was from any in- habited land I know not. I only knew it was uninhabited by human beings, and that I could have no fellowship with any of my kind, not even with savages, during my sojourn on it. LTow long that sojourn was likely to be God only knew. Unlike Robinson Crusoe, I had not even a dog or a cat for my companion. 1 had no wrecked ship whercfrom to draw any resources. I was totally unarmed. I had no tools wherewith to build, or plant, or dig; I had no seeds to plant oven had I had tools. I had no books to while away the long, tedious, hours-no means whereon to write even an ac- count of my sufferings and fate, though perchance they might be read hereafter in my bones whiten- ing on the beach. I was without house or shelter, and without fire. Tuesday morning came with rain, and I awoke wet through ; fortunately it was not very cold. After I bad been down to the rocks and taken my morning meal of oysters, I sat down and had a long consultation with myself about a house. I examined all the rocks to see if I could find a cave. I did 2nd a small one, but I could not live in it, for the water dripped incessantly from the roof, and the floor was constantly wet. My next thought was to build a small hut after the fashion of the Maories, and I spent the whole of that and the two follow- ing days in cutting with my knife the bulrushes or raups in the swamp, and two days more in tying it up in bundles, using the native flax (P/iormium ienax) I found growing near the pond for the purpose. All this occupied that week. The employment diverted my thoughts from brooding too much. I took caro to tire myself so thoroughly that I generally fell asleep as soon as I had said my prayers and laid myself down. Tho following Sunday I resolved to keep free from work. I climbed up 'the narrow rocky pathway into tho forest, and found growing, as I expected, among the trees abundance of the wild palm or nikau. The heart of two or three of these I cut out with my knife. The heart of this palra is about the thickness of a man's wrist, a foot long, and tastes not unlike achesnut; when roasted it is both good and nutritious. Tbis, with the oysters, composed my supper on this the second Sunday of my stay on the island. The day was warm and sunny, and, coming after the four or live wet days, was very cheering. After supper I planned out my house, having chosen a place for it during my walk in the afternoon. Before I lay down for the night I sat on a large stone looking over the sea, and kept repeating in sad refrain the psalm iu which occurs the verse : -" Why art thou cast down, Oh my soul ? and why art thou disquieted within me ? Hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise II i m for the help of his countenance." For where else, oh ; where else could I at such a time and so placed have looked for comfort and succcur ? And so ended my second Sunday on the island. I woke early next morning; and after roy usual visit for oys- ters to the rocks, went to my boat, and, taking one of the lining boards, spent an hour or so in trying to fashion it into something like a spade. Then I dug a small trench round the spot where I intended placing my house, and then made perfectly lovel a space of about fourteen feet long by ten feet wide, pulling up the grass and plants. I went next into the forest and cut down four long straight sticks, about an inch and a half in diameter, and five to six feet long, forked at one end. These were for the corners. I cut two about the same thickness and about nine feet long, forked in the same manner at one end. These were to carry the ridge-pole. I then cut down three or four bundles of long, straight sticks of various lengths and thickness. This took me altogether two days-namely, cutting and carrying them down to the place I had choseu for my house; tho framework of which, tying the sticks together with long stripes of flax, took me three more days to complete The labour of breaking open the oysters in sufficient quantities to satisfy my appetite, very considerably abridged the length of my day. It was a task of no small difficulty, in which my fingers nearly always suifered; and, let me cat as many oysters as I would, I rarely left the rocks perfectly satisfied there was ever withinme a disagreeable sen- sation of hunger. I was tantalized at nights with dreams of solid substantial breakfasts, dinners, and suppers. I had not even the com- fort of a drop of water at hand when I awoke with a raging thirst upon me, having no vessel to keep it in. (I afterward tried to make a vessel capable of holding water from some soft clay ; but though I baked it in the fire to harden it, it was so porous that the water escaped during the night, and I generally found the vessel empty in the morning.) I bad frequently seen the Maories obtain fire by rubbing together two sticks, and I had once or twice attempted it myself, but without success. Now, however, the obtaining of fire was a matter of such con- sequence to me that I resolved once more to make the attempt. First, I sought for some hard stone, thinking therewith to strike fire with the aid of my knife, but I eould not find any stone fit for my purpose, and if I had there was no tinder whereon to strike the spark. I, there- fore, resolved to make an effort to obtain fire by rubbing two sticks-with but small hope of success. I gathered some very dry ferns and small manuka twigs, which are very resinous and inflammable. I rubbed a blunt-pointod stick up and down rapidly on a flat surface of another, working a small groove, at the end of which gradually accumulated a small heap of tiny shavings. Presently the wood began to smell of burning, and a little wreath of white smoke curled upward. I then quickenod my motion until the perspiration streamed down my face, while my elbows and wrists began to acho painfully. In this way I rubbed for well-nigh twonty-minutcs, and all the result I obtained was tho suieU of fire and smoke. I nearly despaired, and was about to give it up when one of the minute shavingB flew up a liv- ing spark, What a thrill of joy it sent through me ! I forgot ray weariness, and, redoubling my efforts for a few seconds, had the satisfac- tion of seeing several more sparks. I dropped the stick and blew gently on the heap until it was on fire. I then gontly shook it upon the fern, wrapped the fern up in fir-twigs, and waved it quickly round my head until the whole mass was in flames. This fire I never allowed to go out. I kept a good stock of fire-wood (finding in the forest plenty of trees lying rotten on the ground) and dug a hole in the middle of my hut, which I kept always filled with hot embers, besides keeping a pile of dry puriri sticks (an, oily wood that burned with a brilliant light) for the night. With a gun I could havo mate- rially improved my situation, as I saw plenty of wild ducks on the small pond, besides parrots and pigeons in the forest. I attempted to hit the ducks with stones, but never succeeded in killing any, although I twice hit them. I next thought of a bow and arrows, but my attempts proved futile. However, I added another dish to my meagre fare, and that was fern-root, of which I had abundance. [2b be continued.'} THE AGRICULTURAL LABOURER.-As it hap- pened to be a Monday, the poor man had a better dinner than he would seo or smell again until the following Sunday. For there, as all over England, a working man receiving his wages on the Saturday evening, lives upon a sliding scale throughout the dreary week. Ile has his bit of hot on Sunday, smacking his lips at overy morsel j and who shall scold him for staying at home to see it duly boiled, and feeling his heart move with the steaming and savoury pot-lid more kindly than with the dry parson. And he wants his old woman 'long of him ; he sees her so little all tim week, and she be always best tempered on Sundays. Let the young 'uns go to school to get larning-though he don't much see the use of it, and his father lived happy with- out it-'bating that matter, whiah is beyond him, let them go, and then hear parson, and bring home the news to the old folk. Only let 'em como home good time for dinner, or they had best look out. " Now Molly lift the pot-lid again. Oh, it do smell so good ! Got ever another onion ?" Having held high feast on Sunday, and thanked the Lord without knowing it, (by inhaling happiness, and being good to the children-our Lord's special favourites,) off he sets on the Monday morning, to earn another eighteenpence-twopenco a-piece for the young uns. And ho means to he jolly that day, for he has got his pinch of tobacco, and two lucifers in his waistcoat pocket, and in his frail a most glorious dinner, hanging from a hedge-stake. All the dog3 he meets jump upon his back but ho rcaly cannot incourage them, with his own dog so fond of bones, and having the first right to thom. Of course, his own dog is not far behind; for it is a law of nature, admitting no exception, that the poorer a man is, the more certain he is to have a dog, and the more certain that dog is to admire him. Pretormitting the dog, important as he is, let us ask of tho master's dinner, ne has a great hunk of cold bacon, from the cabbage-soup of yesterday, with three short bones to keep it together, and a cross junk from the clod of beef, (out of the same great pot,) which he will put up a trco for Tuesday ; because, if it had been left at home, mother couldn't keep it from the children ; who do scarce a stroke of work yet, and only get strong victuals to console them for school upon Sundays. Then upon "Wednesday our noble peasant of this merry England will have come down to the scraping of bones ; on Thursday he may get bread and dripping from somo rich man's house; on Friday and Saturday nothing but bread, unless there be cold potatoes. And he will not have fed in this fat rich manner unless he be a good workman, a hator of public houses, and his wife a tidy body.-" Cradock Notvcll" in Macmillan''s Magasine. DESPOILING THE DEAD.-I was myself suffer- ing severely from hunger, having eaten little or nothing for several days, and coming upon a well-stored haversack fastened on tho back of one of the disfigured corpses on the field, I was held back by no morbid loathings from helping myself to its contents, and enjoyed a hearty meal off the dead Yankee's provisions-a thing which not many months before would have seemed to me impossible. Even my negro Henry was affected with more squcamislincss,for I soon afterwards met him, after he had been collecting a heap of plunder, which so loaded my poor mule Kitt as to leave only her legs' visible, standing wistfully beside a uno pair of boots upon a dead Yankee's feet, and eyeing them, with his finger in his mouth, and a most melancholy expression of regret and longing on his black visage. Knowing how much the fellow was really in want of such articles, I advised him to poFscss himself of them before some one else was beforehand with him, when he whined out, "Oh ! I like so much to have a pair of thom boots, but I can't ; I'se afraid de ghost of dis 'ere Yankee come in de night and take dem dar boots back agin." And nothing could persuade this generally enterprising darkey from despoiling the dead, although he would have had little hesitation in cutting a living man's throat for the sake of the same alluring prize.-" Memoirs of the Confedérale War," in Blackwood's Magazine. RISE or THE ARTS AND SCIENCES IN ENGLAND.-It is to Pelliam's exertions that we owe the British Museum. By an act emanating from him the Crown was enabled to raise by lottery a sum sufficient to buy the Sloane col- lection and the Ilarlcian MSS. These, with the Royal and Cottonian Libraries, were placed in Montague-house, which was also purchased by the Government. It is clear that the arts and sciences were rising in public esteem. Sir Isaac Newton had been dead six-and-tweuty years, Pope 'only seven; but tho influence of their writings remained. Newton, by continued thought, had discovered long-hidden truths of the universe, and Pope, in his Dunciad, had unmasked the pretensions of literary quacks. Jonnson lived and instructed mankind. Tho "seasons" of Thompson's life were over, but those of his pen lasted on. Gray had his lyre in hand, and freely flung off his spirited odes. Hume and Robertson, in history, vied with Fielding and Richardson in novel-writing. The pencil in the hands of Hogarth and Reynolds btcame a sceptre, and Handel, though a fore- igner, rose to fame chiefly in England. The same is true of Rysbrach and Roubiliac, who, with Willis, stood foremost as the sculptors of George II.'s reign. Engraving boasted its Strange and Bacon, and architecture only, formal and confused, looked round in vain for some hand to restore in part the glory of her palmy days.-" English Premiers," in The Monilu 