PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. TO A CORRESPONDENT. A gentleman troubled tvicii a abort m3mory having acquired the bad babit of turning down a leaf of a nook, so as to remember where be left off. writeB to Bay that he never can recollect a street that he's only been in once. Bow is lie to remedy tins defects Very simply; let him do as be does with his books—turn down a comer. DISBAELI AND DOTY. . We can hardly believe tliat Dir. Disraeli, on the motion to give Palmerston a statue, really said to Mr. Speaker:— "1 trust, Sir, that the time may never come when the lore of fame shall cease to be the sove reign passion of our public men." Why, Benjamin, lias not tlie time already come when the love of good and truth is the sovereign passion of every public man who deserves a statue instead of a caricature? Is not the desire to effect wise and just legislation, to do the best that you can for your country and mankind at large, tbe ruling motive which causes you, yourself, to aspire at office? Oh. dear, what injustice you do your own nature! "Knowthvstlf," says old Philosophy, but has said it in vain to you, lieu; ] you are a great statesman, and you know a tiling | or two, but self-knowledge is certainly not your forte. Earnestness is. JOLLY FOR SIR JOSHUA. The Polytechnic announces, amongst its various attractions, "The Cherubs Floating in the Air after Sir Joshua Beynolds." That must, indeed, be a glimpse of Paradise. Dante, in his vision of that abode of bliss, never probably contemplated anything more delightful than the spectacle of a great artist with cherubs floating after him in the air. 1 PARADOXICAL. The largest bouse in town Is larger when increased; i " When let to somebody," says Brown, ! " The largest house is lease'd.'" AS OLD NURSERY CHIME. (New Song from the Caitle Piague Debates.) Air—"Jack and Jill." "Kill" and "kill," says either Bill; No cure's allowed but slaughter Grey comes down Poleaxe on crown, And Hunt comes axing arter. PAINTED BABIES. In Paris the fine ladies not merely smear them selves with rouge, but make their babies even wear I it! And the law provides no punishment for such disgusting outrages.. Will tins French fashion, we wonder, become popular in England? Girls with 1 pimply faces and bad complexions wear rouge and pearl powder unblushiagly euough— at least no body can see their blushes if they have any. Will such artists, when they marry, take to colouring their children ? Painting on velvet is a very pretty art; but to paint upon the velvet of a baby's dimpled cheek is a worse outrage upon nature than paiuting on a lily. English indies mostly take their fashions from the French, but we hope they will not introduce this infant school of painting. If Mr. K-ingsley's "Water Babies" be translated into French, perhaps to make them popular the babies will be painted, and put forward with the title of the " Water-colour Babies." QUESTION TO A WORKING GARDENER. "Of all your trees which yields most fruit ?" Says lie, "Sir, the best fruits come from my indus-trce." DEFINITION OF A TERM <BY OUR OWN PEPPER'S GHOST.) " Making a dead set"—a party of ghosts arrang ing a quadrille. SPEECHES BY AN OLD SMOKER. They call you selfish, Sir, do they ? What they mean is that you decline to sacrifice yourself to themselves. Everybody does as he pleases, with or without reflection. Well, Sir! A man commonly called selfish differs from those who call him so merely in following bis own inclinations under the restraiut of intelligence. The ass and the pig have few wants, and don t care to supply any wants but tfieir own. You may believe some people who tell you they can be con tent with a little. Sir, the reason why they object to yo.ur love of money is—because it keeps your money from them. AMUSEMENT FOB YOUNG LADIES ON A WET AFTERNOON. Knitting their eyebrows. THE UMBRELLA TAX. To persons who are gitted with small means and large families, what a delightful place America must be just now to live in! Here in England we complain and grumble about income tax, but bow our growls would be increased if we resided iu America! The taxgatherer there lias a finger in every family pie, and nothing that is made or sold i can escape bis hungry clutches. As a homely | illustration, only look at this "Each part of an umbrella has been taxed once, some parts twice, before the umbrella is completed, when it is taxed again as a whole. There is a tax on the Bilk, alpaca, or giugbam, a tax on the handle, a tax on the ferrule, a tax on the frame, a tax on the material of which the elastic baud is composed, and a second tax on the baud, a tax on the button, a tax on the tassel if there he one; the tax on the silk or alpaca is fifty or sixty per cent, ad valorem on importation, the tax on each part made in the U liiou is six per cent, ad valorem, and the tax on the umbrella is again six per cent, ad valorem." Tn England, stealing an umbrella is scarcely viewed as theft, but it can hardly be so leniently treated iu America. Taxed as it is there, an umbrella must be valued as a costly piece of pro perty, and the law no doubt awards a very heavy penalty to those who steal, or haply even borrow an umbrella. Of course no one in New York now dreams of lending his umbrella without taking an acknowledgment and formal bond for its return; and if the bond be broken we dare say that the holder is by law empowered to clap the borrower in prison, and keep hi in there until tbe leut ; umbrella be replaced. : Expensive as they must he, while every part of i them is taxed, umbrellas must be quite a costly I part of an establishment, and a Crtesus in New j York, in lieu of boastiug of his horses, doubtless brags about tbe number of umbrellas that he keeps. { Instead of showing you his stud, he proudly bids you come and look at his umbrella-stand, and asks j you just to guess the price he gave for that green giugbam, or how many hundred dollars he paid d iwn for that brown silk. Young men who want to marry are probably deterred by the thought that tliey will have to find their wife an umbrella—a luxury which at present tliey are too poor to afford. No doubt, too, among the attractions of a widow must be reckoned the umbrellas which have been kindly bequeathed to her; and when in New York a young couple have set up their umbrella, people know they are prospering, and expect to see them ere long settiug up their brougham, ON A DRAMATIC AUTHOR. _ "Yes, he's a plagiarist," from. Tom this fell, " As to his social faults. Sir, one excuses 'em; 'Cos he's good natured, takes a joke so well." "True," cries'" an author, "He takes mine and uses 'em." FOR THE BOTANICAL SOCIETY. A fast young lady, on beiug shown a tobacco plant at Chatsworth, asked if it was the genea logical tree of the Cavendishes. THE MYSTERY OF MILK. Some people wonder that, under existing circum stances, the price of milk iu Condon has not risen. But the rinderpest does not affect the cow with the iron taiL MU. C.-.USTY ON THE COST OF FEMININE COSTUME. Pmtch, my hoy—Being (happily for me, I think) a regular old bachelor, and not having to find rai ment for a wile and seven daughters, I take some pleasure everv month in reading the particulars of new aud costly costumes, which, my newspaper informs me, are coming in vogue. It is true a single life is not invariably comfortable—indeed, it cannot be so long as shirt buttons exist—but an old bachelor at any rate is free from the annoyance of hearing that eternal jahberation about finery which wives and daughters usually are certain to keep up. Moreover, he is free from the expenses incidental to those visits of the milliner to which this jabbe ~ration generally leads. Single as I am, I calmly suioke my meerschaum in my solitude at home, and read with perfect equanimity such details as the following, which, if I were.married, would fill me with dismay:— . , . , " Town toilette.—Poult-de-soie dress, with two petticoats; the first is garnished at the bottom by a band of Astracan fur; tbe second is bordered by a large cord. Bodice cut in a point in front and behind; straight sleeves ornamented with Astracan fur; bonnet of black velvet, ornamented simply on an Empire form by a large bar be of lace; in the interior, band of velvet, on'which are attached small chains of gold, retaining gold sequins; muff of Astracan fur." How 1 hag myself to think that I have no wife of my bosom, who might bother me to buy her such a gorgeous dress as this! Fur, velvet, lace, and gold! What a swelless she would be 1 Bonnet "on an .Empire form," with a beard by way of ornament! Why, if the woman were an Empress, she could not well be more expensively got up. And all this splendour the dear creature would use merely for lier morning calls and other common outdoor work. (Whenever she remained at home (if, unlike Madame Benoitou, she ever was there visible), she would probably array herself in this alarming style:— "An .indoor toilette, composed of a first petti coat ot green satin, formed with cold buttons, and by a second petticoat of plain velvet of the same colour, open in apron on a petticoat of satin; bodice forming a Hungarian vest, open in front; satin sleeves; linen collar, with stars of guipure at the comers; under sleeves, with assorted culls; in the hair, a velvet baud." First petticoat of satin! second petticoat of velvet! open vest !of Hungary! and—O ye stars stars of guipure! Imagine my dismay at seeing Airs. Ciusty sitting down to lunch in this theatrical costume! And perhaps when she went out with me (or, far more probably, without me) to dinner in the evening, her simple toilette would comprise some such magnificence as this:— "Dress of jonquil satin, lozenged by tulle of the same colour, with detached daisies in Chantilly lace, fastened at the corners of each lozenge. Empress Josephine coiffure, simply ornamented by a diadem of brilliants accompanied by a string of the same stones, forming without interruption a noci-lnce which is fastened to the middle of the bodice." Jujube and marsh-mallow lozenges I know, but what in wonder's uarne are lozenges of tulle? And what a queer idea it seems to stick such sticky things as lozenges upon a lady's evening dress! Moreover, who except a milliner or else a million naire, would ever talk about a head-dress being "simply ornamented by a diadem of brilliants? Simple ornaments, forsooth! A man must be a simpleton to let his wife expend his hard-earned cash on such simplicities! Pour moi, like poor Othello, I may say 111 have no wife;" so I have no cause for alarm when I calculate the cost of these vastly 6imple splendours. But do young bachelors, I wonder, ever peep into the fashion-books? If not, let an old bachelor advise them so to do before tbey pop the fatal •question. Not many young incomes will bear the frequent cost of jonquil satin dresses and dinJomn of brilliants. With this friendly word of warning, which I expect no one jarentd calidus to profit by, I remain. Sir, yours most singly, and therefore most serenely, (Xelebs Canary. The HermitagedHumpstead. A SEAL SCOTCH JOKE. What's the next wine to golden sherry. Sillery. (SiWer—eh?) WOBMS AGAINST WOEMS. With garlic, onions, ginger. Worms Doth assafcetida combine. And teachetb, on no sordid terms. Therewith the cure of ailing kine, If poleaxe, thence, i i,u employ. To send our oxen to'the grave, From worms that cattle do destroy. Then Worms, 111 truih biiaii catuc save. POEM ON A POBLIC-HOUSP. Of this establishment how can we speak? Its cheese is mitey and its ale is weak. dej too am ha< of ; sen cou son set beh all! -V 