NORFOLK CIRCUIT.-NORWICH, AconsT 16. ' ' <Before Lord OMef Jnitke Eile und a Speowl Jary.) .AHUUXO ACTION FOB LIBEt. Tile court during tba ]iast In-o darn hus been occn jiio l in tr}¡og the case of AtUill v.-Somaa-au notioo for libel against tho Norwich Argns. Hr. Keano, Q. C., and Ur. 0. Cooper appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. O'Mnlloy, Q.O., and M. Evans for tbe défendant. The libel aroae out of Borne vor; amusing dream stances. Tho cottage occupied by a Mrs. langley, in típrow»ton, has had the reputation of being haunted. A short time ago a coupla of yoong men had boen ahooiing rabbits in the neighbourhood of Spronston, and finding sport rather lan.o they reso'ved to pay a visit to Mrs. langley's ghost. The homo was shat up, but they broke open the window and fired their guns into the room, ono of them aimiDg at the cupboard where tho ghost wai raid to be. Some of tho furaitu-o was damaged. Mrs. Li og ley on her return homo save information to the police, and the plaintiff, who is deputy chief constable of the Norfolk pol ico force, Went to the spot with twi of his men. Next morning he returned bnnuing with him the two porsonn who liad fired into the house, and who were anxious to settle the affair. Hrs. Lingley, however, now stated that some linen articles of small valae bal been stolon, and as the police were net satisfied - with her story they proceeded by her permission (as thoy said and Bho'domed) to examino the contents, ot' tba box from which tbs articles hui oeen taken. A few days afterwards a letter purporting to bo written by Mrs. iifngloy appeared ia the Norwioh Argos, of whioh the defendant is the publisher. This letter was tho libel complained of, and alleged among other things that the plaintiff and his men had buen jjo.illy of indecent conduct and language while examin- ing the box above mentioned, that the plaint ff had read a bundle of Mrs. Lint-ley's letters' and >' mada great de ' riaion of them and of ber," that they had ransacked her ebest, and thrown ber things about the floor, and that one of his man bad put on the lady's demise. A plea of justification wai on the record, but the plaintiff himself, the two constables, the gboit-hnnterg, and another man who happened to be present when the .Inx.was searched, swore poiithely that all the state- ments ia the letter were untroe, and that tho search .Wa» conduc'el in a propor and orderly way. On tho other side Hrs. Lindley was called, and swore ? to all the facts stated in the libel, with some additions «a that the pe icemao had asked ber which gown the ghost wore on week days and which on Sundays. The jnry, n'tsr an interval of an hour ando half, came into oonrt and asked the learned Judge what amount wdnld carry costs, Bis lordship told them 40s. on whioh they said that they wore sovon to five. Thoy were then sent back to consider their verdict, After u farther interval of two boora they roturned with a ver -diot for the plaintiff-damages, one farthing. 