CURRENT TOPICS. : The half yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the Geelong Gas Company is to be held this day, at the company's offices, at 4 o'clock. The Town Council hold a meeting this day, wbenthe address to the Governor is to be considered. Wo observe that.Mr Rolfe has called a meeting of the electors of the South West Province for Saturday afternoon next, at Southey's Assembly Rooms, where he will deliver his sentiments. We very gladly give insertion to the fol lowing communication which has been handed to us for publication. The object to beattainedis a good one, and we are dis posed to regret that the terms of the notice prevent our sending our contri bution to the cause :—"Maiden's Walk; such is the designation which the Town Surveyor has given to the new walk laid out on the western side of Fenwick-street, in the Railway Park, leading from the corner of Little Maiop- street and Fen wick-street to Spring-street. In order that an avenuo of major elms and pines should be planted along the above walk, _ without interfering with, the subscriptions already raised, a special list has been opened, consisting of young ladies only, who, upon payment of one shiiliug aud sixpeuce each, will be en titled to plant a tree, and thus immor talise themselves as long, as the trees shall remain. The matter has been taken up with much spirit. There is already a long array of names towards the one hundred which is required, and we an ticipate the pleasure of announcing on Thursday that all arraugements arc made for planting on the afternoon of that day. Messrs Wheatland, Hitchcock, or Balding, will be glad to receive the names and, subscriptions of all who wish to take part in this interesting ceremony." The business transacted at the New town Police Court yesterday was unim portant ; Messrs Champion and Robert son, J.P.s, were the presiding magistrates. The following was the business disposed ofHiggs v Douglas and Banks—Ver diet for Ll2 9s 7d, costs Ll Ss 6d. Pear son v Sheehan—Verdict for Ll Is 9d, costs 12s. A person named McDouald was fined Is and 5s costs, for allowing cattle to stray in the public streets, and two others named Dennehey and Ivillen, were fined in a similar amount for a like offence. Orders for payment of rates were made in the following cases Thorley Ll Is,1 Fuller 12s, and Twoman L2 15s. The following is the list of prisoners | for trial at the General Sessions, to be holden at tbe Supreme Court, Geelong, ou Thursday, the 23rd August, 1866 Wil liam Fenton, stealing goods, &c; ; Joseph Boland, stealing from a dwelling; John Collins, stealing fowls ; Henry F. Sutton, stealing mouies; John Smith, stealing goods; Eliza Smith, stealing goods; Charles Wilson, stealing monies. On bail—John Henderson, imposition. There is no doubt as to the success of the acclimatisation of hares at Barwon Park. Thomas Austin, Esq., on counting over his stock a few days ago, found that he was the possessor of no less than thirty-seven well grown animals, all of which appeared strong and healthy. The trout ova has been placed in "Vic torian waters. We learn from the Argus that, " On Saturday morning two boxes, estimated to contain about 1800 ova, arrived by the Southern Cross, having been brought from Tasmania by Mr Lang will These boxes were on Saturday taken up to Sunbury by Mr Sprigg, the secretary to the Acclimatisation Society, and Mr Langwill, and the ova were carefully re moved and deposited in the boxes pre pared for them in Riddell's Creek by Mr W. J. Clarke. Dr Black had on the pre vious day visited the creek, and seen that everything was ready for the reception of the ova. When the boxes were opened it was found that about two-tbirds of the ova were alive, and it is anticipated that if the delicate operation of impregnating the ova has been properly performed, there will be some 600 or 700 fry batched within a few weeks." Not a day should be lost in procuring a supply for the Werribbee and the Barwon, to save a season. . , , Pevensey-crescent is a loveable place on a Sabbath morning. Just when the bells have rung out and the people have passed to their places of worship, the green sward finds tenants, cow yards are quietly opened and stables unlocked stealthily. Herds of milch kine with calve3 at foot go forth to depasture. A stampede of heavy cart horses adds a powerful feature to the scene, as they snort and sniff the sea breeze and kick their heavy legs in the air. Troops of goats from unknown ranches sneak round corners, and take a survey of available gardens in the vicinity, in the hope of seeing a gate or two open. These "animals are evidently aware that it is Sunday, and that they will be allowed to commit all sorts of depredations with impunity, whilst the town inspector is at church. See how deliberately, Poley, Brandy, and Cowslip bear down the chains of the crescent to ascertain their resisting power, theu crouch with their heavy ear cases and uplift them, rub against the fences of the trees, and munch all the available branches within reach, whilst Dapple in her innocence strips down an evergreen from a verandah, and pitching about the green garlands dragged off, swallows them with evident relish. The horses are milder in their mode of aggres sion, and only take up a choice plant from gardens where the fences are low, and the object can be easily reached. They seldom enter yards not familiar to thi and are easily driven off. Tbe cow more pertinacious, and prone to stand ground except expelled vi e<_ armis. certain stages, lackingsome nice esculci she will eat a fowl, arid at times has k< seen to devour a sheet with intense gus Concurrently with these combined and; ties, tbe gnats are insidiously deploy their forces for attack, and enter the fi headed by a leader with enormous hot He is evidently a battering ram, and nearly as big as a donkey. If there bi weak point in a garden fortress, that Bi knows it. IIo works skilfully at a w< paling with his horns, as a burglar woi with a jack or jemmy. He would ope Mituer safe if there were attractive L in it, iustead of ledgers, bank-books, ca boxes, and title deeds. A broach ma in rushes the herd deftly, and "as quid as Zouaves into a Mnlakoff. Farew then to a gariien. Snowdrops, viole daisies, and rich flowers and snrubs, w ever so hard inimical names, and jiv tender shoots, are destroyed by the pri leges of sack, doubtlessly promised by.1 hideous he goat that Ipd the forlorn ho' What can Sally, the housemaid, dq.sirij handed, and only armed with a broo against such an invasion of . Capricorn They bolt, at length, from the scene devastation in one compact rush, 1 ho goat, charging the broken fence, a scattering splinters op all sides." Bund morning is thS Saturnalia of thi animals; on this morning they-.are mi numerous, more impudent, more in chievous, ana more courageous than a other day in the week, although they ; a great nuisance every day,—a nuisati that is increasing because of the impun permitted to their owuers to break t law by keeping them, because of t disinclination to make bad neighbours impounding their animals, and bocat of the difficulty of repressing the evil law, when recourse is attempted in tb direction. The Ilall of the Mechanics Institute w again crowded to excess last evening, i the termination of the present series Penny Readings. The efforts of bo readers and vocalists were well i ceived, aud met with, at tinn rather vehement tokens of expri sion, requiring the chairman occ sionally to suggest a le6s demonstt tivo mode of thank;. It la intended aft the intervahof about tlireo weeks to re organise a fresh series of these entertain ments, the hall during that period being engaged by the Glass Blowers, who com mence their performances to morrow evening. The officers of the Volunteer Artillery Regiment will be entertained this evening by Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, at his resi dence ; and to-morrow the gallant colonel is to hold a farewell parade. The testi monial fund has, we are glad to slate, prospered remarkably well. The value of a directory or gazeteer is to bo tested by the correctness of detail and the reliability of its information. Owing to the migratory character of our population absolute correctness cannot perhaps be attained, but in simple matters of general information something near correctness ought to be and could be ac complished. The 'National Directory of Messrs Butler and Brooke is well printed, of bulky proportion, and bound very prettily iu blue cloth with gilt letters by Detmold. Further than this, with re ference to its pages devoted to Geelong, it has little to recommend it. It is not well arranged for general reference, the town and suburbs having each separate alphabetical lists, instead of the whole being gathered into one directory, as is the case with that of Melbourne and its suburbs. But this is only a fault which may be remedied in a subsequent publi cation. Defects of classification maybe passed over, but incorrectness and appro priation from other - publications, in themselves erroneous, cannot, and should not be allowed to go by unnoticed. The book before us bears a most marked and close resemblance to one issued by another firm a few months ago, and that a not over creditable prodnction. A com parison of the two will show that the alphabetical list of names is almost a close copy, if not a reprint, of the Directory printed and issued by Mr Stevens on the 22nd ot_April last past; and the general information 'is copied from Bradshaw's Railway Guide (which, by the bye, is acknowledged in the preface). This would not be so bad, but it is not ex tracted from one of recent date. As an instance, under the head of Coaches, the arrivals and departures are word for word as in the Guide of August 1865, since which time the hours have been com pletely altered. Such carelessness, to say the least, is unpardonable in a publication professing to give information and direc tion. Neither time nor space will permit of an examination of the other directories in the book, but a slight glance at the Sandhurst division will show that that portion is the same, or very nearly so, as was printed in a Directory by Butler aud Steven for Sandhurst in 1865-6. And the squatters directory also appears in the same form as in the forcmentioned work of Mr Stevens. The Police Court is in a most dis graceful condition. The plaster on the wall is loose, and a general smash may be expected.. The ceiling is disfigured with water blotches. The matting on the solicitors' bench is only fit for door mats; and the room in which the prisoners are lodged is like a dirty pigstye. The clerk's offices are in no better condition, the walls are as smoked and as dirty as the lowest of taprooms could be expected to be, and altogether it is about the dirtiest court of justice in the colony. Amongst the most forlorn looking places about town figure the Post office and the Telegraph office—we mean as regards tree planting. The large area of the Post office seems to be devoted to the growth of oats and certain departmental weeds, varied by a few red branded and broken mail boxes and discarded house hold utensils. The rear of the Tele graph office is remarkable for nothing bnt downright barrenness. For aught there is of vegetation one might think it a small hit of ground selected from Sturt's Stony Desert. The Mechanics'Institute reserve is a subject for improvement, that requires little demonstration, whilst the ground held by the Artillery looks wofully barren, but characteristic) per haps, of the deadly effects of war on the arts of peace. The esprit of this corps hardly needs to be evoked for the ornamentation of the timber of it, whilst tlio iuhabitants of the Southern and Western parts of Geelong should plaut the Reserve on ChilwelL Flat, now that it i3 fenced in. The play-ground of the Church of England Grammar School offers another site for carrying out tree planting, which, if done, would add greater beauty to a locality already beautiful, and leave but little iu the immediate vicinity to be done in the matter of arboriculture, as the allot ment of the Scotch Churcn is already planted, and most people, holders of pri vate property, are keenly sensitive of the advantages that will accrue to them by rendering sites picturesque at all seasons, and doubly delightful in summer by the shade afforded.- We have already referred to the waste ground attached to the Rail way Station, and could expect little to be done from that inert department, but that our hopes revived when calling the other morning at the Police-office, we saw some luxuriant blue gums, whose errant branches were neatly trained aud fastened by Red Tape, in those odd look ing enclosures, that look so like a bundle of old fashioned brimstone matches fanned out and turned upside down, that we look round for the accompanying tinder box, flint and steel, and feel disappointed at not seeing the old fashioned adjuncts close at hand. There are several other spots to he noted where apparently no actiou has been taken coinciaently with: the general movement for beautifying the the town. These localities will be noticed a loiser. : The Clunes Gazette says:—"As one of the results of the panic and the failuro of the Mastermai.'s Bank, a little local in cident has come under bur notice.:- About eighteen months.since a shareholder in one of the Clunes companies died,"leaving an aged father, who was not in very good circumstances, his property. The executors, after realising part, sent tho old man some .-€800 through the bank in question which stopped payment two days before the money should have been paid over to him." The Bendigo Advertiser reports some cases of poverty and distress among the .Uimese It appears that rather hard times are being experienced amongst the Celestial traders resident in the Chinese encampment at Ironbark. On visiting it yesterday wo were struck with the un usual quiet and dullness which prevailed Sunday being heretofore one of the busiest and most exciting days of the week in the eamp. The streets appeared to be deserted by Chinese, ancl even by the dogs, which were generally to be found in packs opposite the doors, while in the interior of the dwellings there appeared to be stillness reigning. On our making inquiry of one of tho Chinese tradesmen, he informed us that Chinamen welly poor;" and on pur suing our .way and. our inquiries, We ascertained that latterly there had appeared to be much less trade doing mi S,. Sa lue latter fact .was very apparent, as at the doors of most of the gambling-houses the croupiers and owners were seated, gloomily waiting iu vain—like Macawber—for something to turn up. We were also mformed that within the Ihst te w days no. less than from twenty to thirty gamblers, and well kuown thieves had left for "fresh fields and pastures new.' No doubt the late heavy a^n'etices inflicted by the Bench on some oi'their couu'ryinen have produced a very wholesome effect. We were not informed ol the destination of the departed : but wo have no doubt we shall hesr shortly of their whereabouts, by accounts of ma chine robberies and despoiled fowl houses r> ?,he ^arreifficip correspondent of tho Ballarat Star writes "The Fahey ghost story is not yet dead ; and, strange to say, a large portion of tho people, of course those of the Fahey type only, believe it to be quite true. The stories that are now told are quite ridiculous. After a great deal of persuasion I visited the house ou Thursday evening, aqd found g.uue leu or tweive persons sirring ' round" the reception room iu truly Irish fashion, amongst whom . was a traveller from the ay-.ceot brewery, who; probably taking a lessen from 'Sam Slick' was nursing the baby, much to the: gratification of the delighted mother, Fahey narrated' some of the wonders of the,candles, and one wonder in particular, that of a candle which was lyiug on the table which gradually erected itself on end, was lighted without human aid and moved slowly to the edge of the table, dropped on to the floor still on end, thence tra velled to the fireplace, which Fahey clas sically termed the hob, and back with a flying leap to the table, for the truth of which one or two of those preseut vouched. I Some of those present were then invited to adjourn to the Phcenix'Hotel, where a 'shout' all round being disposed of and Fahey having quaffed his pint of M'Gill and Coghlau's last brew, which, from the smack of his lips I imagine he enjoyed, I rent u ted to request that I might be j allowed to witness the wonderful candle : performances. The request was not granted, fori was told- rather drily—to come to-morrow, as I should see better iu daylight. With a hearty laugh at finding myself so ' dead sold,' I wished Datiiel eood night, and ventured to make my way along that standing monument of I misspent mouey, the North Melbourne roan. „ Tk? Hamilton Spectator gives the fol lowing graphic description of a hunting scene in the west:—"In a kangaroo di trict, where an elderly geutleman of a thousand Celtic descents resides, and whose ardour for the chase nearly three score and ten years has not more than mellowed, a day last week found himseif I carefully watching _ a pit, alongside a fence, into which his sons were driving kangaroo. Stationed behind a tree, and as motionless as in old days he would have been upon a ' deer I pass,' he eagerly watched the facilis ikscensus of an " old man" and a couple of does into the pit. Satisfied that the '■"drive" was still distant, he thought to employ the interval in the immolation of I the captives iu the massy more, and with this object approached, waddy in hand, to give them the coup de grace. A treacherons wire in the grass upset him into the pit and he found himself in unpleasant juxta-position with two flying | docs and another old man. Notwith standing the shock, pluck told, and, after a brief tussle they—the marsupials—were ^counted for, but one can fancy the old gentleman's horror at finding it begau to rain kangaroos, for, in the meantime, the tindid had converged to the gap, and there they were snowing down upon him to the amount, in confined quarters of | about a dozen. However, nothing daunted, he endured them, and after rubbing them out, piled up his dead, and emerged from his vomitory on the mound he had made. He is all right now." The Bendigo Advertiser is " glad to learn that there is no immediate proba bility of the Rev. Dean Hayes leaving Sandhurst as was supposed. The reverend gentleman, we understand, an nounced to hi3 congregation yesterday that he had no intention of leaving, and as far as he was concerned he desired no change, and would remain here as long as he was permitted." Tho cost of the new Presbyterian Church at Rokewood has been, we are informed, LH000, some gentlemen in the neighbor hood haviDg contributed as much as L300 and 1300 each. A debt still remains on the church, however, of L500. On the Sabbatli following tbe opening, the Rev. T. M'Kenzie Frnser, of Geelong, is au nouDced as the officiating minister. The following contributions have been received by the secretary of the G. S. S. Union (Mr W. Inglis), on behalf of the depositors From Messrs Yolum £1 Is, J. Wilson ill Is, J. Guthrie il, C. lbbot Eon il, ilis Worship the Mayor 10s, W. F. Docker 10s, C, Andrews I0s, W. Tait 10s, A S. Park 10s, Scott Brothers 10s, I Roberts Gibson 10s, F. T. B. Pearson 5s, H. jCuodward 5s, W. J. B. Ive3 5s, A i Reid 5=, C. S. Friend 5s, N. Bowes 5s, G. F. Belcher additional 53, W. Biggins 5s, T. Wright 5s, T. Adcock 5s, G. White law 53, J. Davison 5s, Smith 5s, J. S. 5s, J. W. 5s, Rev. A J. Campbell 5s, Mrs Handford 5s, and amounts under 5s, 17s, making in all, from 13tb to 20th inclu sive, £12 14s. This is in addition to the subscriptions annually received. The following returns show the state of j her Majesty's Jail, on Monday, August 20th :—Supreme Court, 6 males 1 female ; medical inquiry, 1 female; road gang, 3 males ; hard labor, 25 males, 9 females; imprisonment only, 10 males, 4 females ; lunatics, 10 males, 10 females; bail, 1 male. Total, 55 males, 25 females, and two children in arms. The following is the return of births ■ and deaths registered in the district of J Geelong during the week ending Aug. 18, 1S66 :—Births, males, 4; females, 10; total 14\. Deaths, males; 2; females, 6 ; total, ! S. Excess of births, G. 