FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 186G. Free trade has one moro triumph to win in England before its work is ac- complished, and its position is rendered impregnable. Banking must be emanci- pated from the trammels imposed upon it by the state, in order to perfect the great commercial reforms which, are the glory of modern legislation in the mother country. And as the last of tue finan- cial crises which have resulted from this mistaken interference with the operations of trade on the part of the Government, seems to have been the severest, it is not unlikely that the magnitude of the cala- mity will compel the abolition of its cause; just as the imminence of a civil war ia Ireland hastened Roman Catholic eman- cipation, and as the failure of the potato crop precipitated the repeal of the Cora Laws. Our countrymen, as we are per- petually reminded, are a practical people, with a great horror of theories, and nothing less than a rigorous experience suffices to convince them of the necessity of getting rid of a bad law or of amend- ing or removing a pernicious system. Every effort which the Imperial Parlia- ment has made to regulate the trans- actions of bankers, and to prescribe the amount of their issues, has re- sulted in failure and disaster, precisely as similar attempts to secure corn growers a remunerative price for their . grain, manufacturers a monopoly of cer- tain markets, shipowners a command of the sea-borne traffic, and' labourers a certain rate of wage, have invariably broken down. Even ¡?/uf ROBERT PEEL vas forced reluctantly to acknowledge that the Bank Charter Act of 1844 had failed either to prevent or to mitigate those crises which it had been the object of that measure to obviate or restrain ; and whenever one of those emer- gencies arose in which an opportu- nity presented itself for testing the efficacy and value of the act, it was found necessary to suspend its opera- tion. The truth is-a truth which all Governments are slow to learn-every pretension on the part of the state to direct the ? '-"frustration of institutions of credit, is 8íífiefensible in principle and injurious in'practice. Because the coin- age of money is a Royal prerogative, it seems to have been imagined that the issue of promissory notes was to some extent an infringement of or a participation in that prerogative, and must, therefore, be surrounded with certain limitations, and exer- cised under certain legal restraints. The broad distinction between an instru- ment of credit and an authentic coin was wholly lost sight of j and hence most of i the mistakes into which the Imperial Parliament has been be- trayed when legislating on the currency question. If it had been proposed to it to define the precise amount of credit which should be given to any great firms engaged in bill-brokering, in manufac- tures, in mining, or in commerce, it would have recoiled from the overture and denied the obligation; yet it felt no scruple whatever in pre- scribing the amount of credit to be given by the general public to certain associations of opulent men uniting their capital in the business of banking. In all the other concerns of life the public are left to exercise their own judgments in regard to the men they trust, and this freedom of action is found to work bene- ficially ; but in the matter of banks, the state iutermeddleB for the restriction of ibat freedom, and, as usual, it does far more harm than good. It might just as reasonably proceed to deter- mine the maximum of bullion to be annually exported from the country, or of discounts to be effected by a house like OVEBEND and GUKNEY'S. The fear that banks, if unfettered by the state, would be tempted to over- issues, isa chimerical one. Every induce- ment which such an establishment would feel to extend its issues would be coun- teracted and controlled by its liability to the immediate return of its promissory notes upon itself. In fact, the volume of those issues is determined by causes which he outside the control of the hanker. The amount of his promissory notes in circulation is regulated by the legitimate wants of the commu- nity ; and any emission in exicess of those wants would flow back upon him forthwith. He may curtail the credit he offers to the public ; he may refuse to exchange hÍ8 promissory notes for the acceptances, or other in- struments of credit, which they have to offer i but he cannot expand his note cir- culation beyond a certain point, fixed by the genuine requirements of the public. lu Scotland we have a signal example of the beneficial results of free trade in banking. Up to the year 1845, the Scottish banks were entirely exempt from governmental interference, and had been exposed to the freest competition during a period of nearly two centuries. The effect of this was " to assimilate and " mould the system of business to the " wants of the age, and to the habits of com " merce as they changed ;" and although Scotland underwent great political and commercial convulsions during the first half of the eighteenth century, yet it appeared, from the evidence given before a Parliamentary committee in 1826, " that from the first establishment of " banks in Scotland until that time, a " period of nearly one hundred and fifty " years, the whole loss which the " public had sustained by »Scotch banks " and by the free and unlimited com " petition in the issue of notes, was "¿32,000, or little more than one " tenth the loss in England by the wear "of coin alone from 1810 to 1843." It was by the aid of an unrestricted issue of notes, with a basis not of gold hut of real values, that the farmers of the Lothians were enabled to bring their lands into such a high state of cultiva- tion, that the shipbuilders of the Clyde succeeded in launching such noble fleets oí merchantmen and steamships, and that the manufacturers of Glasgow and of Paisley obtained access to the best markets in the world. The Scottish hanks, indeed, demonstrated beyond all question that free trade in bank- ing was essential to the security of the public, the progress of industry, the development of enterprise, and the profit of the bankers themselves ; and their history tends to sanction the con- clusion arrived at by Mr. JAMES WILSON, that " the affectation of Governments to " protect and find prudence for the public " in such matters is proved by all expe " rience to be a practical cheat and delu " sion, and has always had its origin in " an attempt to support and maintain " some monopoly or privileged class." The Statistical Register of South Australia for the year 1865 is now be- fore us. The report of the Government statist, Mr. BOOTHBY-it seems impos- sible to touch South Australian affairs without encountering this name-bears, indeed, the recent date of the 14th of Sep- tember, 18G6 ; but we can readily under Etand that it was not practicable at an earlier date to supply the elaborate vo- lume of tabular matter in which the statistical history of South Australia for J8G5 is now embodied. Fortunately, .Mr. BOOTHBY has had the goodness to Eummjrriße the facts recorded in his tablean a shorter narrative of some twenty" foolscap pages, and, while fully ïecognising the interest that properly attnehes to the affairs of our excellent Western neighbour, we believe that we can assuage the appetite of most of our jeaders for knowledge about South Aus- tralian progress within the compass of a arther distilled abstract of some of the leading facts contained in Mr. BOOTIIIIY'S ' condensed report. In all these young countries the popu- lation element is of course of leading importance, and to this subject Mr. ^OOTHBY gives the first place. During «Go there was a larger total addition to the population than had occurred during any previous year of ten years, being at the rate of six and a quarter per cent., or in figures, of 9,2G4, of which 4,766 was attributable to excess of immi- gration over emigration, and 4,498 to excess of births over deaths. It seems that there was a marked decrease in the rate of mortality, especially among children, and South Australian politi- cians, looking far-sightedly at the popu- lation question, have no doubt rejoiced to learn that the marriages of 1805 were considerably more numerous than those of any previous year. During 1865 fourteen immigrant ships arrived, land- ing 4,625 persons, at an avorago con- tract price for each adult's passage of £12 10s. With respect to provision for public worship, it appears that during 1865 six additional churches and chapels had been opened, and various extensions made, affording additional accommoda- tion for 4,248 persons, South Australia now containing in all 4G1 churches and chapels, with seats for 83,840 persons. Besides these, 173 rooms were used for religious services-a somewhat smaller number than in some previous years, owing to the abandonment of several preaching stations during the drought in the far north. With respect to educational statistics, the figures of the year indicate some little progress, and " six additional " schoolhouses havo been placed under " trust of the board," During the year under consideration there was a slight increase-viz., 1,106, as compared with 1,052 during the previous year among the patients of the Adelaide Hospital ; but at the lunatic asylum, it is satisfactory to note that tLere was a reduction of four in the number of the inmates. Mr. BOOTHBY, although he seems inclined to present facts in as favourable a light as he can, has, however, to admit that " with re " gard to the children it is a lamentable " fact that the number of destitute " orphans and deserted children is " rapidly increasing." The South Aus- tralian statistics of crime for the year 18G5 were somewhat unfavourable as compared with those of previous years, but it would not be worth while to analyse figures here, as it has been during the present year (18G0) that the art of bushranging, as practised by the soi disant Captain THUNDERBOLT has first fully developed itself among our western neighbours. Judging by the records of crimes committed in South Australia, which now reach us almost daily, it may be assumed that Mr. BOOTHBY'S select repoit supplies no information of prac- tical value as to the present prevalence of crime in South Australia. During the year 18G5 there was an increase in all sources of South Australian public in- come ', the total revenue for the twelve- months amounting to £1,089,128, showing an increase of 42 per cent, upon the revenue of the previous year. This increase appears to have been largely referable to the high prices paid by purchasers at the public land sales. Good land in South Australia is becoming, it is evident, a scarce commodity in the market, our western neighbours being as suicidal as ourselves in their policy of getting rid as speedily as possible of their pub- lic estate, Turning to the question of revenue and expenditure, we find that the South Australian public account, taken alto- gether, showed a surplus of receipts over payments of ¿£298,624, or more than one-fourth of the total amount of the year's revenue, this sum augmenting the balance in the hands of the Treasurer to £517,640. Although the fact does not appear in Mr. BOOTHBY'S report, it may be noticed here, however, that a considerable slice of this balance will be consumed in repaying purchasers of Northern territory tho price of their land allotments, and in defraying tho general expenses of South Australia's endeavour to become the precocious founder of a new province on the north coast. We will not weary our readers with a recapitulation of Mr. BOOTHBY'S facts and figures as to loans, banking, im- ports and exports, and the like ; suffice it, that the entire trado of the colony for the year 1865 amounted to over £6,000,000, being just double what it was ten years before, although the ex- port of breadstuffs was about 1G,000 tons less during 1865 than during 1864, and although, the mineral exports were less in value than during previous yearB, in consequence of the reduced price of copper. The actual quantity of ore and metal exported does not appear to have fallen off, however. With respect to the export of wool, in spite of the drought the shipments of 1865 exceeded those of tho previous year by 5,236 bales. Not to lengthen out this summary of South Australian industrial progress, by accompanying Mr. BOOTHBY through all his classifications, we will conclude with a reference to tho growing interest of the vineyard. The total quantity of wine made during 1865 was 839,979 gallons, showing an increase of 41,332 gallons over the productions of the pre- vious yeal'. Only as to one important branch of industry does South Australia manifest a marked decline. It ÍB of course owing to the protracted drought that we find the number of cattle de- pastured now to be but half what it was nine years ago, while the falling off in the ovine population amounted in the year 1865 to 326,922. In spite of these drawbacks it must be admitted, how- ever, that Mr. BOOTHBY'S statistics show the colony of South Australia to have been in a remarkably flourishing condi- tion duriDg the period to which thoy refer. Amongst the passengers by the Blackwall liner Sussex, which arrived io port yesterday are Mr. John Manners Sutton and Mr. Hobart Manners Sutton, sons of His Excellency the Governor. We obsorve that tho Peninsular aud Oriental Company's new eteamBhip Geelong, which is to bring the English September mail from Galle, made the run from England to Bombay in fifty days. She is a vessel of 1,600 tons burden, with engines of 250 horse- power. Four publicans were fined yesterday at tho District Court for selling liquor on Sunday. Denis Bowes, of the Templemore Hotel, Bourke-sticet, and Christian Hassen, of tho Golden Fleece, Russell-Btreet, were fined lOä. each ; Charles Downie, of the Australia Felix, Bourke-etreet, 20s. ; and Michael Hackett, of the Governor Bourke, Little Lonsdale-street, was fined £6. The Australian Medical Journal for October, besides containing several articles of special interest to the profession, has some very perti- nent and forcible remaikB in reference to the erection of a new hospital in place of adding a new wing to the present building. To florists, and especially to those devoted to the culture of the rose in its varieties, a little book by Mr. T. Johnson, which has just issued from tbe colonial press, will prove of service and of interest. An inquest was held by Mr. Oandler yes- terday at Somerton, npon the body of a male infant a few days old, child of Mrs. Fanny Bain, a widow living at Somerton. The jury found that the deceased died from natural causes. A fire broke out yesterday morning at the Hotham Arms Hotel, situated at the corner of Leveson-street and Raglan-street, Hotham, and occupied by Mr. G. W. Hall. Mr. Hall had retired to bed about midnight, and at two in the morning was awakened by a strong smell of smoke. He immediately gave the alarm, and some of the neighbours brought a ladder, by which ho and two of his children the only inmates of the house at the time made their escape. The Hotham and Mel- bourne fire brigade was promptly in attend- ance, and succeeded in putting ont the fire, but not before considerable damage had been done. By telegram from Seymour we learn that on Wednesday, at Yea, Mr. Webster, tho deputy returning officer for the Eastern Pro- vince, declared the Hon. R. S. Anderson duly elected as a member of the Legislative Council, no other candidate ' having been nominated. A meeting of unemployed working men. convened by placard, was held last evening' in the Eastern Market, for the purpose of influencing the Government to adopt mea- sures Jo alleviate their condition. There were fiorn seventy to a hundred persons present but no programme of the proceedings had been arranged, and there appeared to be only one of the conveners of the meeting a Mr. Ryan-in attendance. After some good-humoured banter with reference to the neglect of those who had called the unemployed together, it was agreed to adjourn until this evening at eight o'clock, by .Mhich time, it WBB promised, better arrangements would be made. It was stated that there was a large number of men both in town and country out of employment, and it was suggested that they should go to the Chief Secretary's office en masse to assert their claims on the Government for consi- deration. A proposal that the meeting should be adjourned until two o'clock this day, met with great disapprobation, the " unemployed" representing that most of them had an odd job or two which occupied them duiing working honrs. The monthly meeting of the National Building Society was held last ovening at the Mechanics' Institute, Mr. A. M. Caldecott presiding. A Bale of shares was held, at which seven were disposed of at a premium of £22 2s. Gd. The amount of subscriptions for the month was £905 7s. after the ordi- nary business was disposed of, a ballot took place for the election of a member of com- mittee. The candidates for the office were Messrs. C. Barrett, G. Lynch, and R. R. Woolcott, and the result of the election was the appointment of the first named gentle- man to the vacancy. The Rev. T. Guthrie Can lectured to a considerable audience, at St. George's-hall, last night, on the subject of phrenology. The lecturer commenced his observations by an allusion to the opposition which the first exponents of phrenological piinoiples mot with, and gave a brief Bketch of the lives of Gall, Spuizhcim, and other leading advocates of the system. He then proceeded to explain the principles upon which phrenologists arrive at their conclusions as to the moral qualities and dispositions of men, illustrating his remarks by reference to numerous skulls, busts, and sketches, which were ex- hibited on the platform. The lecturer was listened to with considerable interest, and he was frequently applauded in tho course of his remarks. A meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Hoskins and Simmonds was held yesterday, at the office of Mr. Pavey, solicitor, when an arrangement was agreed upon, according to the termB of which Mr. HoskinB will be allowed time to enable him to carry on his theatrical business, and Mr. Simmonds will withdraw from the firm and be released from further liability. The issue of art union tickets is to be forthwith Btopped, and it is understood that steps will be taken for the distribution of prizes of value propor- tioned to tho number of tickets already disposed of. Mr. G. F. Smith delivered an interesting lecture on "Church Music" last evening, in the Wesleyan Chapel, at Williamstown. Mr. Smith (who presided at the harmonium) was assisted in his musical illustrations by an efficient choir, whose performances were re- ceived with many manifestations of ap- proval. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was passed to him and his assistants, on the motion of the Rev. T. H. Jackson, which was seconded by the Rev. Geo. Wilkinson. Rossini's masterpiece in tragic opera, " Sami ramide," was performed at the Theatre Royal last evening. It may be 6ald to be one on which the management had spent as much effort to produce well as any yet witnessed in Melbourne, and for last evening's rendering of the piece it may further be said that the company did all that they could to make it a success. By an odd conjuncture of circumstances, it has occurred to the various singers to be in their best form jost when the inclement and unseasonable weather has reduced the audiences ; but vocalists are not always able to chooso the times when they shall be in good voice, so thoso who braved the wind and the rain to attend on this occasion reaped an unexpected renard. Last night found all the principal performers able and willing to do their utmost, and, as the opera proceeded) so increased the applause. Tho famous quar- tette, " Di tanti regi," which introduced the chief vocalists, except ArsaCe, tho contralto, would havo boon splendidly done but for the hitch of a second, and afterwards there was hardly a fault to find. The cavatina "A quel giorno," in which Miss Hod- son, as Arsace, expressed her sonso of Azema's love, was a fine earnest of what was to come after, and hor duet with Mr. De Haga, as Assur, " Bella imaglo degli del," proved how well fitted wore both to their several roles. Mr. Beaumont, as Idreno, sang the famous tenor air, " Ah dov'e ii cimento," which in- troduces the second act, with excellont execution, and reached the high notes called for with apparent ease, and certainty sonorous effect. The following scenes were thoso in which Madame Escott had to sustain the chief part, and in " Bel reggio " and " Dolce pensions " she exhibited her best characteristics, the varying expres- sion of the muBic being marked with ex- quisito delicacy and distinctness. Her duet with Arsace, "Seibaml ognor "was somewhat unequal, but the quintette " Giuro al nummi, " which repeats one of the best strains in the ovorture, and one eminently melodious and impressive, was excellently sung, and formed a sort of key- note to the ghost scene, which was quite a succesB. It would be superfluous to criti- cise tho remaining scenes, for they wero after tho pattern set from the beginning ; and we may only add a word of praise to Mr. De Haga, who is steadily growing in favonr, and who in the bravura duet with Semiramls, commencing "Sa la vita ancor t'e caía," exhibited powers of a high order. Mr. Kitts as Oreo, and Mr. Sutcliffe as L'Ombra di Nino, were both sufficiently successful. The Princess's Theatre burloaquo has now ran for three weeks, and continues to draw so well that it will probably not bo with- drawn from tho bills for some time to come. The local hits are altered almost nightly, and are sufficiently lively to insure their being well received by the audience. The following items of theatrical news havo reached us, and will have some in- terest for our readers ¡-Madame Anna Bishop, who it will bs remembered had entered into an engagement with Mr. Coppin to appear again in Molbourne, has Buffered shipwreck and after remaining some time, in company with numeróos companions in misfortune, on an uninhabited island, travelled 1,400 miles in an open boat, and ultimately arrived at Manilla, whero she is now giving concerts. A second boat, which started from the island at tho same time, has not since been heard of. Madame Bishop has lost all her wardrobe, jewellery, &c.; Madame Celeste appeared in California on tho 24th September, and was engaged to play for forty nights. Upon the termination of her Cali- fornian engagement she will come on to Australia. Mr, Edwin Forrest, the American tragedian, is expected ehortly to pay a visit to this part of the world. Tho Howson family are now in San Francisco, where they havo appeared with much success. Mr. Collins, the Irish comedian, togethor with the company recently performing at Ballarat, leaves Melbourne for Tasmania to-morrow morning. A second company has been made up for New Zealand, and starts for that colony this day. A concluding item of intelligence of the movements of members of the thea- trical profession will be read with interest by numbers of old residents in Melbourne-Mr. Rogera, the comedian, has loft Sydnoy In the Yon Yangs cn route for this city, where ho Is to join the company with which Mr. Coppin proposes to reopen the Haymarket Theatre. Our Ballarat correspondent writes:-"The scenes Initiated on Wednesday between tho auctioneers and the brokers were repeated on Thursday, with tho addition of a brass and drum band os a silencer. The Stock Ex- change get the credit of introducing this new element of opposition, but in justice to the m em bera I muBt say that, as soon as it was discovered that the band had placed them- selves in immediate contiguity to Mr. Deeble's auction-room, where he was selling, and where they were trying to prevent his being heard, a few gentlemen connected with the Exchange at once interfered, and made the band remove to the other side of the south portion of Stnrt-street. There Mr. Dyte began to sell In tho open, and the band of course struck up a deafening tune. Mr. Dyte moved up higher ; the bond followed. Mr. Dyte moved down lower ; the band followed again. Mr. Dyte again moved up ; and up'went the band. Mr. Dyte went back ; the band did the same ; and then the police seemed to interfere, for the music and the sales ceased simul- taneously." " In this district," remarks the Daylesford Express, "there are at present over forty companies undergoing the process of wind- ing up ; and it Is generally believed that in at least three-fourths of these thoro will not be a balance of a penny for creditors." A supplement to the Gazette, published yes- terday, contains an intimation that no fewer than 1,091 selections under the Amending Land Act have been forfeited, for nonpayment of rent and other causes. The allotments so forfeited are to be open for leasing at the variouB land-offices on and aftera day hereafter to be fixed. The forfeitures in the varlonB districts are as follow :-Ararat, 109 ; Avoca. C9 ; Beechworth, 146 ; Belfast, 58 ; Benalla, 110 ; Camperdown, 80 ; Castlemaine, 3 ; Du- nolly, 63 ; Echuca, 33 ; Ballarat, 10 ; Geelong, 15; Hamilton, 469; Heathcote, 42; Ingle- wood, 86 ; Kilmore, 30 ; Melbourne, 44 ; Port Albert, 4; Portland,45; Sale, 113; Sandhurst, 87; Stawell, 57; Warrnambool, 2£ It is to be regretted that the forfeitures for nonpay- ment of rent have not boon distinguished from those due to other causes. At present the figures offer no information as to how far tho mediums have beon checkmated for the time being, or as to the number of bona fide but poor settlers who have been unable to continue the payment of rent. The Hobart Town Mercury reports the pro- gress of the Tasmanian elections, as follows : -" We have now returns of the whole of the first and second batch of elections, with the exception of that for Glamorgan, and they exhibit the following result:-Neutral-Glen- orchy, Dr. Officer. Ministerial Candidates Clarence, Mr. D. Lewis ; Richmond, Mr. T. G. Gregson; Cumberland, Mr.Sibley; Franklin, Mr. J. D. Balfe; Sorell. Mr. Hodgson; Oatlands, Mr. James Lord. Anti-Minis, terlal-Queenborough, Mr. Robert Walker ; Westbury, Mr. Adye Douglas; Laun- ceston, MeBsrs, H E. Letto, J. Crookes, and J. Scott; Ringwood, Mr. G. Gibson; Deloraine, Mr. W, Archer ; Longford, Mr. W. Dodery ; Fingal, Mr. J. Swan ; Campbell Town, Mr. W. L, Dobson ; Morven, Mr. J. W. Gleadow. That gives a clear majority of five against Ministers on the first and second batch of elections, Mr. Hodgson having secured his re-election by an informality in the nomination-paper of the opposing candidate, and Mr. James Lord his by a Bingle vote-the votes for him being 110, and those for his opponent 109." The late rainB bave swollen Lako Wen douieo to a height sufficient to enable boating to bo resumed on its waters. "The late Mining Board conference," re- marks the Bendigo Advertiser, " WBB not a bit too soon in recommending an amendment of the Mining Companies Act. It 'bristles' with defects. Indeed, we seem to be now nearing that period when it is almost im- possible to recover calls. On Wednesday, in the police-comt, in the case of the Great Northern Reef Quartz-mining Company {Regis tired), Kamarooka, ». Francis and others, Mr, Caeey, who appeared for the defendants, raised a point on which the case was dis- missed,-'That the coll appeared to have been made before the registration of the company, and that there were no means of recovering such a debt in the police-court.' The certificate of registration was dated the 26th July, 186G, and is made, by the 11th section, conclusive evidence that the company WOB duly registered. The 12th sec- tion stated that upon the registration of the company, of which the certificate was con- clusive evidence that it waa done on the 26th of July, it becomes a corporation under the act, ' with snch liability on the part of the members to contribute to the assets of the company as provided by this act.' The bill of particulars stated the call was made on the 5th of July, and duo on the 16th July, or before the company was registered under the act. Under these circumstances, Mr, M'Lachlon, after heading Mr, Montgomery, who appeared for the company, dismissed the summons, with three guineas costs." A Castlemaine paper says:-" The Rev. Father Ah Leay, now on a visit to this diocese, is a native of Nampoo, and belongs to a Chinese family converted by St. Francis Xavier. His uncle was ordained a priest for the Chinese mission, some forty years aso, and is still engaged in his priestly dnties. The Rev. Father Ah Leay was educated in the Catholic Collego at Canton, and after- wards went to Lisbon, where he remained six years. At the termination of that period, he was ordained a priest by the patriarch of Lisbon. He then visited Rome and re- mained six months in the Propaganda. On his appointment to the Australian mission, ho received marked attentionf rom His Holi- ness the Pope, who bestowed his special bene- diction on him at his departure from the Eternal City." The public-houso known as the Half-way House, on Chinaman's flat, near Mary- borough, has been accidentally destroyed by fire. The weather in Gipps Land seems to have been aB severe as it was elsewhere. The Chronicle of Saturday last remarks :-" For the last two days we have had a continuous fall of rain, and this, together with the melt- ing of the snow on the mountains, has raised the rivers again bank high. The toads are in a fearful state, and teamsters have great diffi- culty in getting in with their loading. The coach which left Port Albert on Thursday morning, and should have been in Sale the same evening, could not manage to finish the journey by daylight, and had to remain at Mrs. Wheeldon's, of the Scrubby Waterholes, where the passengers remained for the night. The landlady not being prepared to entórtala BO many as thirteen guests, several gentlemen had to make themselves quarters in the coach, whilst the ladies were provided for in- side the house." " A tradesman in Sandhurst, noted for his philosophic character, good nature, and keen- ness at a bargain," remarks the Bendigo Ad- vertiser, "while pondering a few days ago on the extraordinary disappearance of fowls from every henroost in the district during the past winter, vainly endeavouring to find a remedy for the evil, waB roused from his reverie by the familiar call of ' Chuck, chuck,' and on raising his eyes saw a neighbour and cus- tomer luring, as the spider did the fly, a favourite pullet of MB own within hor door. Chuckie had no sooner disappeared, than the door closed, and a faint cry from the cottage left little doubt of the fate of the dorking. About an hour aftorwards the door was opened, and the owner, whose bead was not ornamented with a pigtail, made her way to the shop of our philosophic friend, and politely requested him to oblige her with a little parsley oat of his garden, which he at once complied with ; but on her turning to leave, after thanking him with a curtsey for his kindness, he called her back, and offered to Rive her a little flour to make the stuffing. This was declined with a some- what startled look, which was not diminished when he informed her that ho hoped when the fowl was properly stuffed and trussed, that she would send it over for his maid to cook, as he intended dining on a chicken next day. In a few minutes, the fowl was returned minus the feathers, and only required the stuffing to fit it for the spit. We need not add that she who plucked the fowl was not invited to dinner, and had not appeared out of doora since." " A fatal assault was committed by a man named Mooney, on Sunday, at the White Hills, near Maryborough. The name of the deceased has not reached us," sayB the Talbot Leader, " but it oppears that both men were drinking in a shanty, when a disputo arose between them, during which Mooney lifted a mallet, which WOB lying near him, and struck the deceased a blow on the head, Tho un- fortunate man dropped on the floor, andnevor spoke afterwards. His remainB were removed as soon as possible to the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Maryborough, to await an inquest Mooney was taken into custody almost im- mediately after the commission of the deed." The stormy weather appears to be injuri- ously affecting tho crops. It is reported by the Talbot Leader " that about Mount Beck- worth, the Bet Bet, M'Callum's Creek, and elsewhere, the violence of the rain and wind combined broke innumerable stalks short off, and so materially reduced the thickness of the crops of wheat and oats. The gardens have also suffered a good deal, the wind breaking off the blossoms and otherwise injuring the fruit trees. Of course there are exceptions to be found, where, by some for- tuitous circumstance, neither the rain nor wind had any appreciable effect; but on the whole, the violent weather of last Thursday and Friday has been anything but welcome. In some cases, as for instance with potatoes, several growers will have almost to do their work over again, the rain washing away the earth, and so exposing the roots to the atmosphere." On Saturday last a Chinaman named Ah Coon waB bronght before the moyor, at the Town-hall, Sandhurst, hy Constable Taylor, who had arrested him under the Vagrant Act, as ho suspected him of having some stolen property in his possession, The prisoner was remanded, when the constable proceeded to his tent and searched it. He discovered a cellar excavated in the ground, in which were several articles, evidently stolen. Amongst these WOB a clock which had been stolen from Mr, Clark's school, at Specimen hill, Long Gully, and which was Identified by the owner. There were also some articles which had been stolen from the Nelson Inn, Job's Gully, some time ago. Preparations for the elections in Tasmania are proceeding briskly, and it is stated that the next Parliament, so far as tho representatives of the northern distrlot are concerned, is likely to bo a great improvement on its pre- decessor. Messrs. Crookes, Lette, and John Scott, have been elected for Launceston. The other members eleoted are:-For Clarence, Mr. David Lewis ; Franklin, Mr. J. D. Balfe; G eorge Town, Mr. William Barnes ; Glenorchy, Dr.Officer; Queenborough, Mr. Robert Wolker; Westbury, Mr. Adye DouglaB ; Richmond, Mr T.G. Gregson ; Deloraine, Mr. William Archer; Noifolk Plains, Mr. William Dodery; Ring- wood, Mr. George Gibson; and Cumberland, Mr. W. Sibley. How the Bordor Customs operate is the subject of the following remarks by tht Mulwalla correspondent of the Pastoral Timet:-"The Customs regulations affect uf more than any other placo upon the river This woek 1 have to record circumstances o annoyanco which will surprise (if anythint fiom such a cause is capable of creating sur prise) those unacquainted with tho suicida system adopted in collecting the duties npoi the Murray. Two Melbourne gentlemen cami to this place with a baggy and two horses, t< go by Bteamer to Echuca. The proprietor o the punt assisted them with tho buggy am horses upon the steamer, and gave them fee« for the horses to Eohuca. These gentlemor deßlrouB of recompensing the puntman fa his assistance, purchased in Eohuca a bag c oats aud two bags of bran, and sent thor by the steamer, free of carriage, as presont. They could not be left as th steamer passed, but bad to be taken to Wal gunyah. There the captain offered M Brown, the New South Wales officer, the dut if ho would allow him to delivor thom o return, but Mr. Brown refused unless they were cleared from Wahgunyah to Corowa, and then cleared from Corowa; this would Incur an expense of £2 2s. The captain therefore left them, and they bad to be brought down by land. Here is another case of annoyance :-Mr. Dunn, the storekeeper here, has had goods lying at Echuca since tho commencement of last month, and none of the steamers would bring them, on account of the double clearing at Wahgunyah and Corowa. ThuB an IndustriouB tradesman has had his business to the amount of several hundred pounds interrupted, and tho neighbourhood inconvenienced, for want of goods." "Continued seoroh," remarks the Gipps Land Times, " has been kept up for tho man Smith, lately lost in the neighbourhood of Valencia Creek ; but, notwithstanding every effort has been made, and a party of about twenty men, including Messrs. Montgomery, Du Moulin, Fritz, and two blackfellows, wore out all day on TuoBday, no traces whatever could bo discovered. Another party started yesterday to renew the search on the opposite side of the river to that where he was laBt seen, and we hope that their endeavours will be crowned with success, as if compolied to wander much longer in these inhospitable wilds, the unfortunate man muBt inevitably perish. His wife was for some days kept in ignorance of his loss, but it is a remarkable fact that Bbe dreamed he had been murdored at tho very place where he was lost, for the sake of eome monoy he was known to have about him, and had related her dream to Borne person staying in the house she was re- siding in before sho was made aware that her huBband was missing. Taken in connexion with this somewhat mysterious disappearance, the dream is a rather singular coincidence," "A curious freak," remarks the Geelong Advertiser, " has recently been played by one of the hen canariea in Mr. Meakin's aviary. The first course pursued by the bird was to make four nests and finish them in the most approved fashion, One egg was then laid in nest numborono, and another In nest number two, and the samo process was repeated. Mr. Meakin, feeling rather astonished, threw away three of the nests, putting the four eggs into one, and was gratified the next morning by seeing that the bird had laid a fifth egg, and was sitting on the lot." The committee of the Melbourne Home re- port as follows for the month ending 30th September : - Registrations-governesses, 2 ; servants, 80; engagements- governesses,2¡ser- vants, 70 ; inmates- governesses, 5 ; nocdlo women, 5 ; servants 40; staff, 5. Number in the home 30th Septembor-governesses, 2; needlewomen, 4 ; servants, 15 ; staff, 5. The hon. treasurer of the Asylum for the Blind begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations:-Mr. George Sinclair Brodie, £10; collection by Miss Crossley, £5 3?. 