DINNER TO DAVID BERRY, ESQ. On Wednesday afternoon, 6th inst., a select party, by express invitation, sat down to a sumptuous dinner, at the new residence of the Rev. Fiitlu-r M'Auliffe, Numha, given by the rev. gentleman in honor to and recognition of the munificence of David Ber»y, Esq., who a short time ago presented Father M 'Auliffe and the Roman Catholic portion of the community, with a substantial four-roomed brick cottage, detached kitchen, and three acres of land adjoining, in perpetuity as a priest's residence. The dinner, consisting of every delicacy of the season in .?jreat abundance being served, Father M'Auliffe took the chair, with the guest, David Berry, Esq., on his right, and H. (1. Morton on his Ipft. The vjce-chair was occupied by Father FT wily, of Maitland, with J. M,MaJion, Esq., of Ulladulla, on his rh;ht ; and Mr. Weston, of Kia.ma, on his left. The Rev Father S lattery, of Besra (late of Kiama). and P. Fitzgerald, Esc]., of Victoria, wore also present An apology was received from the Rev. James Con way, of .Kiama regretting his unavoidable absence, which was reciprocated by the whole company. After dinner to which ample justice was done, and the removal of the cloth, Father M'Auliff-, in proposing the health and h vppiness of his viiest, Mr. TWry, said : — A few months ago he came to Shoalhaven, a pe-foct stranger. Soon after his arrival, as in duty bound, he culled on his* respected gnest, Mr. Berry, who asked him how it was that his people had never built a -riest's residence. After some conversation, on this subject Mr, 'Berry said —I shall give you aud your people a house — (hear, hear)- and the commodious substantial cottage in which the party was assembled was the gift of Mr. Berry f.o the Catholic ppople of Shoalhaven as a priests residence forever. (Cheers.) It was unneces sary i'or him to enumerate the many good quali ties of Mr. Berry, for his benevolent munificence: was the tberne of the widow or orphan, and tilled the mouohs of the poor and unfortunate -m and surrounding his princely estate. (Hear, bear.) Sueh a character ought to be held up as an example for imitation by the wealthy of New South Wales. On behalf and in the name of the Catholic people of Shoaihaven, he heartily thanked Mr. Barry, for his gift. He felt honored by his preseuce, .and proposed his health «md happiness with great, pleasure. This was drunk to the song, 'For he's a right good fellow./' with :hearty cheers. Mr. Berry rose and said : The very flattering manner ii* v«bich Father M'Auliftehad spoken of his gift, was more than the occasion required, and tho compliment to his beneficence beyond his merit, fie treated all alike ; the Catholics were quite welcome to the house ; if they were please.L, he was satisfied. His chief desire was. to see harmony and general prosperity prevail. He felt honored in being the guest of such an occasion, pleased to meet bo many friends at the social boaid, ami thanked them for so enthusias tically drinking to bin health and bappin. s . (Cheers. ) The Rev. Father Slattery next rose, and said. The estimation in which Mr. Morton was held 1-y th.i tenantry, -was only ^second to that enter tained for Mr. Berry.. The position «f the land agent, or medium between landlord and tenant, ?was 8iirrouudeii by peculiar difficulties, and the duties of such a one performed satisfactorily to both parties, proclaimed his lenient independence and fitness for the office. These indispensable reguidites were found in Mr. Morton to an eminent degree, and he had pleasure in propos ing 'his health. (Cheers.) Mr. Morton, in an eloquent speech acknow ledged the compliment. He would mow propose the health of good Father D'Arev's successor 'our host, Father M'Auliffe.' '(Cheers.) Iu the absence of Father D'Arcy, he knew no priest he would 'perfer to Father M'Auliffe aa pastor .of Shoalhaven. Father M 'Auliffe, in a modest and appropriate .s^eec-h, acknowledged the complhrent, and pro Itoscd the health -f his esteemed friend J M'Mahon, Esq., J.P., from Uiladulla. Mr! jM.VIahon v.ery ably respoudec'. Father M'Auliffe proposed ihe health of Mr J.. Weston and success to the Kiama Indvptndmi whieh being ^replied to by Mr. Weston, the company broke up about half-past eight o'clock all apparently well pleased with the evemWs entertainment. ...... Mi. B rry was escorted to the river side by several of the party.— Kiama Independent. Dreadful Acgipknt — On Sunday last two ac cident* occurmi to members of the family of Mr. Peter LenuliAii of Gocnp, which has added another store of gvief to that unfortunate man. Corning from church last S'-nday momiiife his 'eldest son, Michael, ...v.......v».*..v. .._...^... «'\,ii.«iw i* iiuiqc uiab %\ ax minis to ? the fence, wh«-n the animal 'l«t fly' and struck him in tho face, inflic'jnj,' a severe cut on the left cheek. Dr. Hester, upon ex imining the wound, set their minds at ease on that point, by dressing it an I pro tiouncing its probable recovery, with proper cue in a week. The same evening a younger son, named Pejer, about eleven years, of age, was sent Jp a neigh*' hour's houise about a mile distant, and te prosecute his journey speedily he mounted a horse barebacked and proceeded on his errand. Finding that he did uot return thiit night ,it was supposed that beiiig ?lark, he had cbosen tu remain where he was till morning, but as be 'lid not return on the Monday, morning some of the family went in search of him. iiid about three-quartert of a mile from home the* iound him lvi«g insensible, where he had eFitleiiih/ been all night. Dr. Hester was sent for, and npon t^xaraination discovered the skull to have been frac tured, with. two deep incised wouudR extending intr: the brain which was oozing from them. Although the poor hoy is alive and takes food, he is totally un conscious, and the chance of his recovery is exceed ingly problematical.— Tumvt Times. An Awkward' Prkdioamknt. Wo had related k us yesterday evening a very unenviable predicament in which a gentlpwan of this town was placed, dur ing the. course of nn evening ram No with a friend Scene, Clyde Road, time, 8-30 p m. Our friend in the milft of what might be termed ft close converpa tion with his companion, his ideas being centred in nis Bu'.ject, and the myht very dark, etun-ibled, and falling across some huge object., became teriin'ed tioyond degree, and bellowed out lu-iily. Judge of the (surprise of both himself and friend, licwcvov, when the sequel proved the dark mysterious bulky object was no other tb:'n a bullock which our fuen'l had mcoiifciously 1 e.stridilen, and which on ban-. I hus flumniarily awoke out of his siumbeis antl bear ing the .shouts became as frigbtenwl as bb= rider mid KCimpered off vrith his unwilling burden for several hundred yards up the road. The ride must have been anything but a pleasant one, seeing tVit our friend had not the slightest conception of what kiinl of an animal be had got upon, or where in the dark ness of the night be was going to, or to wh;it Un known port hi.-) vojage would finally lead. Luckily however, just »,s His companion gave him np fo lost, he fell off, receiving no injuries beyonrl a slight grazing of his skin, aud the tearing of the seat of bta breeches — firaidnood Dispatch, Rubbkhy at the Couht- house. — During the night of i^turdcty last, or ratlior eai-ly oo Suiwlay morning the Court- house was forcibly enterd, the poor-box broken fjifrn ami ruble 1, ami a considerable sum of money, the property of the Gh.veiUinent, abstracted tfom the placed where it. was.s-ecured. It apj ears that anout half-fast one mi Sunday morning, Constable Woods went in the buck of the liuilding to procure a lantern. While he was getting the lantern he thought be beard a Hound like that produced by n person in blowing out a c-imile; he lo -Iced round hi the direction whi-nce the so-ind proceeded, but could s«e nothing. Woods applied his Mgnal whistle fc his lips, and gave notice to his cnmjKuiiou that he was wante i, and as sonn as he came !-ack the two constables entered the Caurt-house, and on exaiuiu mg the premises found that some per on ha I got in ?\v the back window of Mr. Sc tt's r-jom. It wa s '.in found t-bat tin Itottom |-art of the Urge cKst tin cue corner of the roam benween the two windows ha-i l-e-?Ti forced open, the papers it coutaine I scattereii about, and the money taken away, lu Mr. Georgt .-^it'i-i i'oom a drawer had been forced open, and some other money abstracted. It was evident thai th« thief bad made himself well acquainted with the locnlity, and knew where to put hi- hand upon whai he expected to fin- 1 — even the two chisek with which the doors and drawers had been feced belonged u the Contt-bcuse, aud were kept in a drawer at tbt. back of Mr. G-eoige ^cot^'s chair Ln his room. It i » supposed by the jioliee tlwt the robbor is not a regu lar crncksman from his making use of whatever he crnild find on the premises to break open the doors, as gentry of that kind are generally provided with sisientifically constructed tools and c-irry them about, to he provided for any chance that may turn np Not the slightest due has been obtained which woul-.i lead to the discovery of the tbief, and although the police have since made the m--st diligent inquiries in all directions no trace whatever has been found that could lead to hisap;jreheusi..n. — yewcasth ? Standard Foxlow STATroif AGArN uoBaKO. — On Monday last the above station, which is Kit-.n».K»il nooi. r,, ,..,„„ i ? and ahx)ut fifty miles from Gou'hurn, was robhed by bushrangers, ; being the eecoud time witbiu three -veek% and the third time within tho last few months. Mr. Vallance, the superintendentj with hi» family and a fern.de servant, were iu the cottage, and Mr. Jones the overseer, and Mr. Kvaus, who is engaged in making Home re^aird to the pitsmiaes, were m the kitchen, when their attention was at tracted by hearing the Jog* bark. Mr. Jones go i up and went to the dour, and on die verandah wa.v met by two armed men, one ot whom a,ke I wli' he was, and having been told, ordered him back iut. the kitchen. Both he. and Eva.ua were told not u. stir, and one of the Im.shrangers'st-ood guard ove them while the other wont to Mr. ValUnce, and call ing lum very opprobrious names accused him o baviug told the police that Tom Cornell w»a «r,u „. the men tbut robbed the place cm tu. bist occasion. He then pointed his gun at him when Mr. Vallance punned it aside. The bush:a'ige' then dealt Mr. Vallance a blow on the mouth, c;usiin, the blood to flow. Mrs. Vallance pushed the fellow away, and -began to cry, as did also the children uim servant-girl. Jones ami Evans then sought to m ?terfere; but the bushranger who was keepin, guard at the door ordere- 1 them to sit down. Th^ fellow who bad struck Mr. Vallauce continued t behave very violently, and asked Mr. Ydlatwe it ht knew Tom Conuell at all, and whether he would no. swear away his life if he were caught. He partiuu ?l:irly cautioned all ihe persons present to mention nt names on the present or future occasion, or if the did they would have to incur. very unpleasant c u sequences. Mr. Vallance said, that it was his duty to report the robberies to the police ;? and the bush ranger said that if so give no names, but merely *a that the place was siuck-up bv- armed men. Al bands were ihen ordered into the kitchen and made to stand with their faces to the fire. Tiie oldest chill being in be 1 and crying, Evan» was allowed to go out aud fetch him into the same place. Mr Villance was al-ked for grog, but said there wa* none n, the house. Alter a while the robbers took their departure without saying they were going. 1 hey took a considerable quantity of goods, consist ing of slops, -women's appai el, [flour, tea, llol,oway'f £?»» «».w. ium,un;nr.,..«c, a^' we:i as some meat in u liari.ikei-claef. Two men only, were seen ? but ii, i. ? believed tint there was a third outside; It is 'stale, that Foxlow would be a much better '^place' for ; pohcestaiii.il iluui the pre.senf locality -h- Wild Cittil Fiat- where there is no 'pppulawjii, and cqiiStqueiii'J'1, no inducement for 'tlie;i,ushrabgerV;to visit it -'- Goulbitrn Jlerald. i- ' ( ; v ' '?'.'; ?'' ?' '* Buukkk; the , IiuSiiBAKGER^^On ? Tuesday ' la' Bourke wa? ueeu in air.rifriug^ paddock,- and it w; auppuhed he was seeking for a lion=e there, as the un be hiuUflkeu belonged to Air lloss .was'qui ekijock. up. Siuca the conimenoement of bis exploit.--, tin bushranger does up* appear to have reaped a harveat in any way commensurate with the riek and bnrdehipft he bin encountered. It has not yet been ascertained whatcahh he got from the Albury ba^. which he took r'rom the mail on Friday se'iinight, but omitting tbatk from the calculation, he has not acquired as much; Honey a.« he would have earnod had be remained ia his situation as cook at Humewood. It is furmisei that he has taken to the raid more from a spirit of bravado than from desire to stciire rich booty. Th© police are .»till engaged in pureuit of him, but he is not simpleton enough to be easily caught. As a proof of his cunning, we may mention that when be reaches a dusty or soft place on bis journey he di -mounts and' . leads bis hniv-.e, en as to render tiie animal's track almost imperceptible. Hud a little more courage ' [ been aIiowu at different jibice^ where be stuck-up ; numbera, ho would have been captured or killed ere I this. For instance, when be was at Bodkin V inn, aC Five Mile Creek, he took the boots from off young Kelly's feet, and in trying to put one of them on bia Oivn, his toot became so fastened that be coultl neither withdraw it nor put on the bo-it. He got a knif*!, with which be coolly cut the leather from near the toe to the instep, stoojiuj; down all the while to do so. It is said thn; some one made ft ' ?sign to the others present to rush him. but as they ' had no firearm* (I) they considered it unwise to do s -. We learn that there was a fowling-piece and) ? plenty of ammunition in the house, and which w-ifl known to one of the party, l-ut any little valour he o.- unv of the persona there might b i ve h id evaporated m the presence of the single-handed bu-hranger* liourke appears from all accounts to l«j v«ry badly -& ? for e'othe*, an I when la*t ccen one of hi- bo^ts-pre- , '. :ontel more the appearance of a sandal than its pro- -. per form and shape. It i« now believwl thatQuimV h not with him, and that be ia more de-irous of emulating the f.-t'ne of Morgan, so far ah the credit ; af cmnnitting all his crimes by himself U concerned, - ?i h ui that ofnther knights of tiie road, ilei I or living, who curry on the depredatious in parties. — Yas9 Courier. Thk GK-ld-fiku-s' Act. — A gathering of over four hundred persons consisting ot digger* with their wives and children, asserubie.'l at *Jenjc.int-s Point, Litue Rivei', on Saturday evening »f fur dark, to taka ? pa t in the burning of the effigy of the late member' for the 'orold-tielcls South (Dr. Wilson). The effigy' bein^ pl.iccdoua hand- harrow, carried by four bovs»t i procession was then formed placing the Rogue'a. vlarch, in the following order : — 5aud : Consisting of a tin plate and two tin dishes, ?- Jiggtr carrying the biitoric red .shirt woru by th©' late member when on the river. ix Ciiiue.-'o under the influence of tKe spirit of Sam Shue. . Tho bivty, with the Gold- fields'' Bill attached. Chief mourners : Six (iigjera who had l-een instru* ' mental in first returning the late member tfr parliament. . 3ix diggers with old miners' rights that ha;l beoa uaod at the fitvt e e tion. -'ignor Bollinc, pr;.feisioual mountebank. ? Two diggers who belicvc-l and practised the cold water cure. These were wretched object*!. Four digger.! who wished to free-select totals buH wer« not able to get tbern on account of J^re serves. Twenty children bare-headed and lure-fnntel, eu^ ' ' l)lematic of th« state the late member wi-bes to*'' reduce them to. Two dig- jers cany nj Davy Buch mai/a lifeofDjefcw Wilson. , Sixty dijssaeffl walking twp-Mu-tvo with torches '? ihe populaca. :..,.- ? The effig. wasthen Ciirnedtotheapotwherea-nhbet . ' ?vas erected, au,l being hung thereon, .fire was'set to ' ' a pile of dry wood and in a short time, amidst tha loudest hootings, was entirely consumed. Tbeashe* ' were then collected and carried in the same order to ? the last slucer the deceased had sunk and there ??? ' ??tine. i. .vir. .vucatiel U HareDoherty then delivered «i funeral oration, and name I the place of execution ' ' ' Uiitlowss Hill and of burial Traitor's Gully.— -t'or* ,- ?- ?'' .?espondent of firabtwr! D'«int'-h, W'.-.. Bishop Fowler, ot Gloace^ior, *a,l Justice - -.- '..! i o well had freijnent altercations on the subjecft ' -»f ghosts. The bishop was a zealous defender of ' tha reality of them; the justice was somewhat : ' -c^W. l.-,o bishfip one day met his friend. ? md the justice told him that since thair las* inference on the subject, he had had ocular de' uonstmtiun, which had convinced him of the dxistenue of ghosts. 'I rejoice at your coa, /ersion,' replied the bishop ; '«give ine the eir» nimstance wliich produced it, with all th© MrfcicuUrs ; ocular ileiiiiinstration you sav l'» ib..ut th. twelfth hour I was awakened by aV ' jxtrttonltiiary noise, aud heard so uetlmig cominst ip8u.rd,' -'Go on, sir.' ' F-»rfullv°»larmef '- tt the noise, 1 drew my curtain—' 'Proceed ' 'And saw a faint glimm ring light enter uiy ?ha.nlier.' 'Ut a blue colour, was it not V in. ' seirogacr-a tie doctor. 'Of a pale blue ; and- ' ulna pale blue light was followed by a ralL uea.^re, abern figure, who appeared as au old man V )t seventy years of a-je, arrayed in » lone liiiht* : ?:ol.-ure-.lruj:ito«r.ii, bound with a leathein lwIV ??? ' ..us beard thick and grisly ; his hair si^uit andi ?? ' traight ; his face of a daik sable hue ; upnu his ' bead a large fur cap ; and in his handa lona staff. Terror seized my whole frame. I trera^ ':' bled till the bed shook, and cold drops hum* ' upon every limb. The figure advanced with a ' r Aow and solemn step.' 'Did you not speak ta : - it ? there was money hid, or murder committed, without doubt,' said the bishop. ?« A] « lord 1 ' ; ' did not speak to it ; I adjured it by all that \»'«t r ?, holy to tell me whence, audfor what .purpose i»- ', -' elms appeared.' -'And, in heaven's iVam? ; '! what was the reply I'. .«-Be'for* he deigned'S :' ' -£*. J1^1 ^.^i18 ^ three severafiib^r -f ^ ?'v,™''. «*'' ouiute uie uoor, even solounlv that ' ' .?erily the strokes caused the roiim to reverberate' ,he thunderiiu sound He then waved the paV L ' l' ' Ine light, which he bore in what is called ?Io--v ', ' aiiteru, he waved it even to my «yes ;. and ? W'.'f ,??!«?'? old me my lord, he told me that h« was-yeT - ? ? ly lonl— that he was— not more r,or less thaiSJ '; ''' Ac watch irian.' who had come to yive me nbtii-^^ ?' -V -.hat my street-door was open, and that unleM-trr,?:} ? ?mso aud shut it, [ nn-ht be robbet' before morn Ji°'u- i just'ce hml uo sooner concluded tbaa. the bishop disappeared. 