The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER I. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; ONE miserable rainy afternoon in November, the four Misses Woodford sat cowering over a small fire in their untidy sitting-room, all busily engaged in "turning" some very shabby winter dresses. "We shall never succeed in making these old merinoes look respectable," said Agnes Wood- ford, shrugging her shoulders. She was a bold, handsome girl of twenty, with large brown eyes, and brows like fine lines of jet marked on a surface of alabaster. On the opposite side of the hearth, but farther from the fire than the other three, sat a slight shrinking figure, plying her needle earnestly. She looked up as Agnes spoke, and said quietly— "Well, never mind. What does it matter ?" "Never mind !" retorted Agnes, throwing her work snappishly across a chair. "You always say 'Never mind,' even when there's nothing but misery in the house." "She said 'never mind' the other day, when we only had fried potatoes and weak tea for dinner," remarked one of the younger girls, a stout child of fourteen, looking up with a comical smile. "Of what use is it to care ?" returned Flora, gently. "Poor papa does the best he can." "We care if you don't," replied Agnes fiercely. "We can't live upon love like you. We are not in love, I suppose. Nobody's kisses console us for the want of bread-and-butter." The two younger girls burst into aloud laugh but Flora, with a deep blush and tears in her eyes, rose to leave the room. At the door she was met by two boys— lads of twelve and fifteen — honest-looking, but having that rough, wild, shabby air that naturally grows round the neglected and uneducated. "Holloa !" cried the eldest, seising her arm, "What is Fairy snivelling about ?" Pet names in families betray at once the es- timation in which their owners are held in the household. Flora's pet name was Fairy, while Agnes was known by the sobriquet of Naggle, shortened sometimes into Nag, and the two younger girls, Mabel and Dorothy, found their names simply curtailed to Mab and Doll. Doll never troubled anyone with much talk— it was her vocation to sit still, look pretty, and eat and drink all she could get. Mab talked for both. It was she now who answered Charlie. "It is Nag's fault; she has been teasing her about Phil Raynor." "Phil is a sneak !" cried the youngest boy, Lionel, blustering immediately with all the airs of a man. "I heard ma say so the other day, and when I am old enough I'll lick him." "Why do you all hate poor Phil ?" asked the bewildered Fairy, turning from one to the other with a tearful face. But before there was any time for a reply, a plump, well-made lady of forty, with large, bright, eager eyes, and querulous, anxious mouth, came swinging in, and catching Fairy by the wrist, in an excited manner exclaimed— "Be quick, child ! run up and put on your blue silk and another collar ! Here's Mr. Norman riding up the road, and I'm sure he's coming here !" "Well, mamma," cried her daughter, pettishly, "and what if he is ? Why should I take the trouble to put on another dress for that ? And my blue silk is the only thing I have fit to wear. I'm sure I can't afford to spoil it among these untidy children." Mrs. Woodford's eyes glanced restlessly round the room, and her thin lips quivered with some concealed anxiety. "You are all alike," she said— "undutiful and disobedient. I suppose you want to put me in my grave." "Flora is so selfish," remarked Agnes bitterly ; "she cares for no one in the whole world but herself. If that young puppy Philip Rayner were coming, she would make herself look neat and nice fast enough to receive him, but because it is Mr. Norman— a man to whom we owe everything— she won't consent to change her shabby old gown ; it is good enough for him, I suppose— good enough for the friend who has saved poor dear papa's life." "Saved papa's life !" repeated Fairy. "Yes, stupid ! Do you think papa would be living now if he had not had Mr. Norman's help to stave off the crash that is coming upon us, which will waken you up one of these days, if anything will." "Agnes, do not talk so coarsely !" cried her mother. "Oh, nonsense, mamma ! What's the use of humbug when we are by ourselves ? Here, get out of the way, you two !" concluded Agnes, pushing the younger girls aside, and seating her self in front of the fire. "I never saw such selfish people. I declare I've hardly felt the ghost of a blaze to-day— you and Fairy have taken care of that. Well, I am not selfish, that's one comfort, and I am grateful to Mr. Norman, if no one else in the house is." "I am sure we are all grateful enough," said Mab, speaking for herself and Doll, "and I don't see why Naggle should pretend to all the gratitude of the family." "And all the beauty," observed Doll, opening her blue eyes sleepily. The boys evidentally considered they had no- thing to do either with gratitude or with beauty, so they busied themselves by balancing a book, crowned with a small inkstand, on the dog's head, accompanying this amusement by smothered bursts of laughter as the book, swayed to right and left, and with adroit fingers they just saved the ink from being spilled on the carpet. "I hope I am not without gratitude," began Fairy, in a faltering voice. "You don't show it," interrupted Mrs. Wood- ford, "and you have no consideration for your poor papa. You know very well the bill Mr. Norman cashed for him will be due in a few days, and if he won't renew it we are ruined, that's all. Mind, if your father is dragged out of a sick bed to die in gaol, I shall say you have killed him." Mrs. Woodford, with flashing eyes, shook her finger at Fairy as she spoke, while the frightened girl shrank away, and clung trembling to a chair for support. "Of what use is it to talk to her, mamma ? You won't move such disgusting blind selfish- ness as hers," said Agnes, kicking down the poker in her indignation. Of course the tongs and shovel followed, and in the midst of this clatter the hoofs of Mr. Norman's horse rang on the gravel without, while at that instant the dog rose with a loud bark, book and inkstand fell to the floor, and the ink in a long black river ran across the carpet, and buried itself beneath the two best breadths of Doll's brown merino, which lay beneath her chair. "There !" said Mab, "your frock is done for, Doll." Doll started up, and tried to box Lionel's ears, while Agnes pursued the other boy ; but escap- ing their sisters' hands, both lads, after upset- ting sundry chairs and tables, dashed past their mother, nearly upsetting her likewise, and with a shout of triumph gained the door, and sped away across the garden. During this uproar Fairy stood perfectly quiet, with her pale face turned imploringly towards her mother ; but as she heard Mr. Norman's voice inquiring if the fiunily were well, she quitted the room hastily and ran upstairs. The sick father of this hapless family was the son of a Dutch merchant, who, after settling in this country, had amassed a considerable fortune which he left intact to his children— a son and daughter. The latter, however the child of his fint wife, was fifteen yean older than her brother, and on her father's death she returned to Holland and resided with her mother's rela- tions, while the boy brought up in England by English guardians, gradually forgot his Dutch parentage and his sister. Unlike his frugal father, and too like his mother— the most reck- less and extravagant of English belles— he plunged himself early into difficulties, from which his easy, indolent nature never strove to rise. On his marriage to an heiress— an orphan like himself, and an only child— he took her name of Woodford. But alas ! her heiress-ship, derived from her Irish mother, was due only to a long range of encumbered estates in Ireland, which, after embarrassing him for years, and seemingly by their nominal rental justifying him in many extravagancies, were sold off by mort- gagees without yielding their unfortunate owner a sou. And now the growing wants of a large family, the exigencies of a false position, and all the pressure of embarrassment tempted him to speculate. He invested his broken fortune in one of those wretched schemes which in these days of luxury tempt those who "haste to be rich," and when the bubble burst he was ruined. Singularly alone in England, and, from their foreign extraction, without relatives, the Wood- ford family drifted down the tide of misery more forlorn and friendless than even the wretched usually find themselves. Six or seven years had now passed since their house was sold and their home broken up, and in the different abodes to which the shifting wave of poverty had carried them they rarely knew what it was to see a friend pass their threshold. When Mr. Woodford fell into ill-health the last prop which kept the younger boys and girls in order was broken, and the whole domestic fabric presented to the respectable world a woe- ful picture of reckless, idle, shabby, wasteful, noisy young people, who insulted the tax- gatherer, laughed at duns, and never went to church— at least not in a regular and orthodox manner ; for it is true that they went sometimes, when the fit seized them, or when the girls by some rare chance had new gowns and bonnets. Yet during the last two years, in spite of all the stings and arrows of poverty, Fairy, the second daughter, was happy. She discovered that she was rich in a triple dower of youth, beauty, and love, and in the joy of these it little mattered to her that she had no money, no con- nections, no prospects. She never thought of these things ; she little knew their mighty power to purchase peace, health, and happiness ; she little knew the just value placed on them by the respectable world— that world to which she did not belong. Sometimes with a passing anguish she noticed the daily shifts and struggles of their comfortless life, and now and then, when Philip was coming, and she longed, with all a girl's flutter of heart, to make herself more beautiful in his eyes, it would cost her a pang to appear before him in all the shabbiness of a worn, dingy dress, and she would often search among the faded remnants left from old times for some bit of lace or silk which could be turned into a collar or necktie to embellish her toilette. She had a delicate perception of the beautiful, and a natural elegance which made her love all that was dainty and graceful— hence the ugly shapes into which poverty forced their daily lives hurt and depressed her, without her thoughts or her heart assigning these as the reason. All Fairy's regrets and sorrows, however, vanished when she found herself by Philip's side. There she felt she possessed all the happiness life can give. Youth, beauty, love, what greater gifts are there than these ? or in later life, when care and riches, success and sorrows are so evenly balanced, to what do we look back so wistfully as we do to these ? Surely, then, we may forgive the blissful illusion which so blinded Fairy, that although poor she forgot to be miserable, and dared to dream of hap- piness built on a less solid foundation than money. But now, if her dream was still unbroken, Mr. and Mrs. Woodford's had changed. During the last six months they had begun to look coldly on the penniless young officer whom they once deemed a desirable husband for their portionless daughter. "Living as we do, it is not likely Fairy will get another offer," said Mrs. Woodford, "and after all it is better than being a governess." But on Agnes' return from Paris, where she had been half-pupil, half-teacher at a school, she introduced Mr. Norman, the wealthy banker, to her family, and around his figure the visions of Mrs. Woodford's new dreams rose up. At first he was supposed to be Agnes' lover, but a very short time sufficed to show that the exceedingly handsome and clever Mr. Norman had not the slightest intention whatever of pro- posing to that young lady. Agnes bore her dis- appointment, as she did all things, with a philosophy peculiarly her own— that is, she made the most of it for her own benefit, getting all she could out of the agreeable banker as a friend and a coadjutor, since fortune denied her the gratification of emptying his purse as a wife. On this dismal November day, when Fairy, after obeying her mother by arraying herself in her only silk dress— which Mr. Norman's money had certainly helped to buy— descended the stain with a strange sense of coldness on her, he found that gentleman and Agnes tete-a-tete in the drawing-room. With a chilling reluc- tance to enter, which for a moment she could not conquer, she lingered at the door with her hand upon the lock, and, standing there, she heard Mr. Norman say, in a tone half-courteous, half- sarcastic, and certainly wholly familiar— "So it is bonnets that are most wanted, Naggle ?" "I should think so," answered Agnes. "But of course you men would never notice if we caught our deaths in dirty white tulle till Christmas. Pa sees and knows nothing. For my part I'm sick of my life." As she spoke, a plaintive mew and the shock of a falling body showed that pussy had placed herself too invitingly near Miss Agnes' pretty foot. "Don't kick the cat, Agnes," said Mr. Norman in his softest voice ; "she is not a discarded admirer out of whom there is nothing more to be got." These impertinent words made the blood tingle on Fairy's cheeks, and she entered a little abruptly, making her sister start back from her somewhat familiar attitude by Mr. Norman's chair, while he himself with perfect self-posses- sion rose and advanced to meet her, with his hand extended and a sparkle of evident pleasure in his eyes. With a quiver at her heart like the flutter of a bird who feels itself caged, Fairy gave her hand, which he held scarcely an instant, reassuring her by his own coolness and ease, while he placed a chair for her and addressed her with a few commonplace remarks. "Miss Woodford tells me," said Mr. Norman, glancing at Agnes, "that your poor father con- tinues in a very weak state." "Indeed I fear he is no better," replied Fairy in a tone of quiet sorrow. "I am afraid he permits his affairs to disturb his mind," continued Mr. Norman in a voice delicately shaded by anxiety. "When people are precious badly off—" began Agnes. "Now, really, Miss Woodford," interrupted Mr. Norman, speaking as if slightly pained, "I must object to your using such a rough style when alluding to circumstances which grieve your friends so deeply. Your papa's misfortunes should be named only with the greatest delicacy and respect." Agnes elevated her handsome brows nearly to the roots of her hair, and made half a grimace, but nevertheless remained silent under this re- proof. "By-the-bye," continued Mr. Norman, meeting her eye with a look that Fairy did not perceive, "you have not offered me anything yet, Miss Woodford. I know you play the hostess now Mrs. Woodford is continually in attendance on your father, so I am sure you will excuse my asking you for one of those delicious cups of coffee which you learned to make in France. I never drink coffee anywhere but here." Agnes left the room with a pout on her lips, which Mr. Norman did not heed in the least. Tuning towards Fairy, and in the blandest tones of a voice whose silvery sweetness fell on the ear like a soothing murmur, pouring out his anxiety and solicitude for her father, her mother, her "beautiful sister," her brothers— "those fine lads"— and the "interesting" little girls, he succeeded at length in getting her to believe in him— a thing which never happened till his smooth tongue had done its half- hour's work glibly and well. Having now reached this desired point, he edged his chair a little nearer, bent his handsome face towards hers, and asked in a low voice if he might "venture to speak." By the sudden start, the crimson flush, and the nervous clasping and unclasping of the trembling fingers, and above all by the weary glance towards the door which so plainly ex- pressed a wish to escape, the acute Mr. Norman perceived that he should speak in vain. In- stantly changing his tactics, though not a shade of difference in that smooth, soft voice betrayed his chagrin, and delicately turning away his gaze from the girl's agitated face, he said quietly— "My dear Miss Flora, I was only going to observe that your father's health requires the greatest care, and I am apprehensive that he is at present suffering some anxiety respecting a little affair of business between him and myself. Now, I was about to ask if I might venture to charge you with a message ?" "I am sure you can see papa ; of course he will see you, Mr. Norman. Oh ! why doss not mamma come down ?" cried Fairy, rising hurriedly. "Not for worlds, Miss Flora," replied the smooth banker, laying his hand on her arm, and by the action quietly replacing her in her chair. "I know his nervous temperament, and how much he suffers from excitement ; I should reproach myself deeply if I said a word to him on business." This last sentence was spoken in a low tone, as if to himself, while the deep feeling that prompted it caused his voice to falter. Extreme sensitiveness and timidity, blended with warm, grateful affections, were the characteristics of Fairy's nature, and the astute banker, reading her character well, observed her closely, and followed up his advantage, as he saw tears start to her eyes. "Will yon take my message ?" he said. "I fear I have offended you, you appear so reluctant to let me speak." The expression of his face was excellent— such subdued pain in it, his eyes bent on the carpet, his lips slightly quivering ; certainly his was a sensitive nature, and Fairy was full of eagerness — nervously anxious, indeed— to make— trait for having wounded him. Her little hand trembled as she held it out to him. "Oh ! Mr. Norman, how could you think that I should dislike to take your message ?" Her hand was a safe prisoner in his now, and she dared not drag it away, for fear of again wounding the kind heart that felt so much for her sick father. So, holding it softly but firmly, Mr. Norman proceeded to give his "message." But here he was, or pretended to be, em- barrassed, and it was not till after a moment's silence that he said hesitatingly— "Allow me to remark first that I feel acutely the awkwardness of speaking on business to a young lady. I am a man of a very sensitive nature, and it pains me to address a single word to you not usually spoken to ladies of your age. I fear you will misunderstand me— misjudge me perhaps— and fancy I am taking advantage of the unfortunate circumstances around you. But no, surely you will not be so cruel. You must feel that your brothers are too young, and your sister is scarcely the person to whom one could intrust words meant to be told gently and kindly. Tell me, then, that you believe I am actuated only by my warm interest in your father's welfare." Fairy gave him the desired assurance in a few quick words, her hand was beginning to feel so very uncomfortable. "I do earnestly wish to show him every kind- ness in my power," murmured Mr. Norman in a state of deep thoughtfulness. "Please give me the message," said Fairy, as her breath came a little fast. "I am so glad you have asked for it," said Mr. Norman, pressing her hand tenderly ; "that removes some of my reluctance to speak to you on such painful subjects. Really, money is the object of my most intense disgust the moment it intrudes itself into the sacred precincts of friend ship and affection." "Oh, how long he is in spinning out his words ! will he never finish ?" thought Fairy wearily. Apparently he guessed her thought, for he came now quickly and shortly to the point, telling her in a few brief sentences that he would send over one of his clerks in the morn- ing, and the business between her father and himself should be arranged precisely as he wished. "You understand ?— precisely as he wishes." "Oh, Mr. Norman, how kind you are ! How shall we ever thank you enough ?" exclaimed Fairy. "You have thanked me enough already," said Mr. Norman softly, as he relinquished her hand. He was too good a tactician to hold it one moment longer, now that he had excited her gratitude, and impressed her with a belief in his sincerity and kindness. Surely this was enough for one day. And as Agnes entered with the coffee, Fairy, feeling herself released, gladly ran away, reproaching herself immedia- tely afterwards with ingratitude and injustice for the relief she undoubtedly felt at finding herself alone in her own room. "Well, Agnes this reminds one of old times," said Mr. Norman, stirring his coffee slowly, and looking at her with a smile. "Rather," replied Agnes coldly. "With a difference," she added, shrugging her shoulders. "Right, Agnes ; with a difference certainly," repeated Mr. Norman in an amused tone. What was the indescribable change in the man ? His whole aspect was altered ; not but that his voice was just as smooth and bland as ever, but his demeanour, his tone were altogether different. It was not alone the familiar imper- tinence with which he spoke to a girl whom before others he addressed at Miss Woodford, but the carelessness rather of a man who felt himself thoroughly known, and who knew also that no display or ugly truth would either shock or disgust his companion. "Are you sick of playing goody ?" said Agnes, answering his smile with a glance of intense contempt. "You are looking very handsome to-day, Agnes," he remarked, with an earnest gaze on her face, which she met unmoved. "You ought certainly with your beauty to carve out some better fortune for yourself than fate has hitherto given you. Let us have a serious talk ; perhaps we can help each other." [TO BE CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT.] 