LOCAL ITEMS:; WB:remember a student who once,same up-for examination upou JmedioaHiacieuce. He was asked, " suppose yourpaiiont to.be siifferipg from* fever with a dry, parehed skin; and you-consider it-necessary'4p ^promote-,perspiratinp,. what -will*; you prescribe?." The student replied "Dover's powdeiyin moderate 'dosesVTepeated'ai -short : in-- tervaW u ;And if this .fails, what AfcoH*. would try Pulvis. JacoM,",. Supposing this also. to fail I" " I have, seen tbe Nitrate of Potash,, combined with Idgiuvi JjnjBonia Afcetaii&.very .useful^o..also the'Spirit. c|.N.Uric^her, with. Ipecacuanha Wine and Camphor mixture,"or the Wine of Colehic.um in- combination with the Acetate, of Ammonia.'*: f But ifaoue of these are of any benefit what course will you take nexil-' ' I wiUwrapmypatieotia a blanket, and bring him here for examination, and if that fails to make him sweat, I shall give him :up as .a hopeless case.'* The young man was not very fir wrong, but the treatment-might have been improved. If he should have another patient similarly situated, we advise that the 6ick man be placed iu an editorial chair, with instructions to write the " Local Items" at the close of a week, during which nothing has occurred of the slightest public interest; and no .matter how dry may be his skin at the commencement of the exercise, perspiration will be issuing from every pore of it before he has concluded. We are sweating profusely already, and this article is not half finished. Seriously,yre believe not a baby has been iforn or a woman married—not a child has had a leg or an arm broken—nobody has robbed a fowl house—no foolish woman has set herself on fire by wearing crinoline too near the hearth-stono— no man has committed suicide, or been thrown from a horse, or fallen out of a boat, or had a battle with a policeman, or been found deaddrunk in the road .since our last issue. It has been an unusually quiet week, quite devoid of iooident. We cannot gather a solitary fact for out " local items" from any of those sources. We must try in another direction. Last Saturday a sale of the horses found in Thunderbolt's camp occurred at Taree. A few persons came together, and the animals were disposed of to various purchasers. But the whole affair was kept so profound a secret that the competition was anything but brisk. If the horses had been properly advertised, as they ought to have been, three times as many people would have probably been present, and much better prices realised. We are sorry the Government is so poor that it is obliged to confine its notices to the Gazette, which nobody ever sees, and to help Ministers out of thoir difficulties we shan't mind dropping sixpence into the hat the next time it is passed arouud, on condition that they shake off this parsimony which is not only disgraceful, but frequently results, as it did in this case, in keeping money from the Treasury that would otherwise have found its way there. We are told that the Captain of the West Hartley cut the ends of two or three of his fingers off a few days ago. When we saw him, he had the injured hand in a green bag, a very dangerous place for a sound Jimb, aud still more so for a damaged one. We advise our readers to keep clear of green bags, and of the wigged geutlemen who carry them. A '• Steam Navigation Meeting" was held at Taree on Thursday, an account of which will be found elsewhere. A steamer is much needed on this river at present, and we hope the want will be supplied nt any early day. A rumor is afljaf that the Fire King is to visit us shortly. In consequence of the flood, our Bar has now become a splendid one. We are told there is plenty of water, and that vessels at all suited to the navigation of the river now enter and depait without the slightest difficulty. One benefit has, at all events, resulted from this overwhelming calamity. We believe several new stores have recently been opened on'the river, but we are not able to speak positively on the subject, nothing of the kind having been formally announced through our columns, which ought to be, and we hope are, a fair mirror of the business of the district. The Tinouee punt is now daily expected from Cundletown, where it has undergone the necessary repairs. Great public inconvenience has been experienced since we were deprived of this means of crossing tbe river. To show how stupid some people are, we may mention that a week or two ago, a person who wished to remit a sum of money from the Clarence to the Manning, paid it into the Post-office'there, and took an order for the amount, which he safely deposited in his chest, and wrote to the person, whose account he wished to settle, what he had done. The letter was brought to the proper office on this river, but as it was minus the order, at least a month will elapse before a proper explanation cau be made, and the money paid over. Everybody ought to know, and we thought everybody aid know, that on paying tlie amount which it is desired to remit, the person who pays it gets an order, which he must enclose at once to his correspondent—and that in the absence of this order the Government hold fast to the money. It seems this person did not know so much, and he is suffering the consequences of his folly. Among our Local Items, we must not forget to mention that the plough held by young Bates, who took one of the prizes at the match last week, was made by DAVID HENDEESON, of Cundle. town. We have other reasons for thinking that this particular smith understands his business, and no doubt if he advertised himself be would get a considerable increase of customers. It is impossible to spin out this Bmall thread any longer. We hope next week will be more eventful. Only let the man who thinks be'can make an inteiesting chapter out of nothing, try it for our next issue. The Central Police Court is tlie queerest place in Sydney. The decisions which emanate from that Bench beat the provincial Courts all hollow. " Thus, the other day a man was fined forty shillings and costs for calling another4'a long ghost"—and on the same day, a brute who had beaten aud kicked his wife nearly to death.-aud deserved to expiate his misconduct at the whippingpost, was mulct in precisely the same amount; thereby proving that, in (lie opinion of these sapient justices, the offences of the parties we have mentioned were of equal turpitude. No wonder that under these circum stances wife-beatiug.is becoming quite a favorite amusement with a certain portion of tho Sydney population. 