LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRISÂT, JUNE 13. All the members were present. The GOVERNOR informed the Council he had received no dispatch from the Secretary of State on the subject of the proposed altération in the constitution of the Council, but as the session would not terminate until after the arrival of the next mail, he continued to hope he wocld be able to communicate to them the decision of the Home Government before they separated. Mr. SAMSON drew His Excellency's attention to the state of the platform at the Fremantle Ferry, and also spoke of some obstruction on the Fremantle Boad. The GOVERNOR said he would direct attention to what the hon. member referred to. Mr. HARDEY presented a Memorial from sheep-owners on the subject of the proposed Scab Ordinance. The Memorial was read, as was also a letter to the Colonial Secretary on the same subject. The order of the day was then read. REGULATIONS FOS GOLD AND COAL FIELDS. Mr. PHILLIPS, with reference to his notice of question as to whether the Government pro- posed to issue any regulations for the working of gold or coal, said that regulations for the working of gold in quartz had been issued in South Australia, which could not be considered a gold producing province. It was necessary for persons proposing to work either gold or coal in this colony, to know what would be the tenure, upon which they could depend, of land they required to take. The GOVERNOR said that in 1854 an Ordi- nance was passed giving the Governor power to frame regulations for the working of gold fields, hut it had been found there were diffi- culties existing in the way of defining what con ./^- etituted a gold field in the colony, and although he could not see his way clear in the matter he was ready to meet any practical suggestions. With respect to coal the Surveyor .jQeneral had been engaged in drawing up a set of regulations, which when complete would be sent to the Secretary of State for his conside- ration. Mr. PHILLIPS-There are no gold fields in South Australia yet such» regulations as he desired existed there. V Mr. SAMSON. As the power to issue regula J/ftíons already existed in the Executive, should "'" '' any gold field he found they could be quickly issued. The COMMANDANT concurred with his Excel- lency ; it would he quite time enough to issue regulations when some indications of gold had teen discover ed. ,\\.I Mr.,, PHILLIPS-Indications had been dis- covered hat tiiey necessarily could not he made ?' pnhlic """ \- %. The SUBVETOB-GENERAL Considered the ''- ,»iotion premature. The government had al r¿^áya ahown itself liberal in the consideration of ^anjr mafiter^likely to promote the interests of i^"c^o^1^fhethorightany person,might ^ '^ä£wn. foin case of proposing to work gold, ^Ifflßtf did notrtbink they should be expected Mttgnlationsinthedark. " Prouts was prepared to state that r refjdyto work * quarts reef in * yoould know what they had __ ;but it was not likely they ^«xpenditurs of large sumí with ont previously knowing the tenure they were likely to obtain of the land. Mr. HABDEY considered no harm could be done by the issue of regulations, and perhaps benefit to the colony might accrue, by inducing people to come.here to work gold quartz. Mr. SAMSON-It would be a pity to lose the chance, if any party was ready to come. The GOVBBNOB. It is profitless to go on with the present discussion, when they did not know what to make regulations for. If any person communicated to him in confidence any discovery they might have made, he was quite ready to consider it in a liberal spirit and pro- ceed to issue the necessary regulations. There existed no necessity for legislating in the matter. CENSUS. Mr. PHILLIPS asked whether it was intended to introduce during the present session any Bill for taking a Census of the colony. Such a measure would greatly expedite matters in case of an alteration in the constitution of the Council. The GOVBBNOB said the last census was taken in 1859, and arrangements had been made to take it in 1865, but in the other colonies it was proposed that a census should be taken every 10 years, and we had been asked to co-operate with them, consequently the next would be taken in March, 1870. There were doubts as to the power under the former Ordinance to take another census, but that might be obviated by the passing of a short Amending Act. The hon. member had referred to a census being necessary in case of an alter- ation in the constitution of the Council; he was not present during the last session when the Petition for an alteration was under con- sideration, and he would therefore, for his in- formation, state what had been done by the Council, and by himself in his despatches to the Secretary of State upon the subject. His EXCELLENCY then detailed the circum- stances respecting the presentation of the Pe- tition, the adoption of an amendment recom- mending only an increase of the number of non official members to equal the official, and Mr. Samson's Protest against the power of the Coun- cil to reject the Petition and pass such an amendment. He stated that in compliance with the amendment he had recommended to the Secretary of State an increase oi the num- ber of non- official members, and had also forwarded Mr. Samson's protest against it. In point of fact then, His Excellency continued, it was not the Petition the Secretary of State had to reply to, but the amendment, and if any person was injured by the delay in reply it was the Governor and not the Council. The Pe- tition would only incidentally come before the consideration of the Secretary of State in con- junction with the protest, and it was probable the Secretary felt somewhat embarrassed by what had lately taken place in colonies posess ing elective assemblies, and took time to con- sider whether they really were the best means to carry on the government with. In one colony (Jamaica) where such an institution had existed for two hundred years, it had now been found necessary to go back to the nominee system; and he might possibly also be thinking of late occurrences in a colony not far from this, and think it necessary to consider the matter very carefully, and perhaps direct it again to be brought before the Legislative Council. But the Petition itself, it would be seen was out of court altogether, and therefore on that account he could nou see any necessity for taking a census. He had no objection to an equalization of the number of members, and he would en- deavor to nominate such persons as would be most acceptable to the people and so distribute the seats as that all interests should be fairly represented. A census he considered is not wanted at present. He was glad of an oppor- tunity of expressing his opinion of how the mat- ter exactly stood between the Secretary of State and himself, and he considered the decision might be waited for with patience. Mr. SAMSON and Mr. PHILLIPS expressed their acknowledgments for the information given by His Excellency. COAST STEAM COMMUNICATION. By direction of the Governor the Acting Clerk read the Correspondence between Mr. W. Burges and the Government respecting a sub- sidy to a steamer for coast communication. Mr. PHILLIPS moved that the sum of ¿£5000 be placed at the disposal of His Excellency the Governor and the Executive Council, for the purpose of subsidizing any steamer that might offer for maintaining communication between Fremantle and the outports. He said the sum he proposed might look large, but it would not be worth any person's while for a less sum to place on the coast a vessel of 500 horse power, and he thought the Executive ought to be placed in a position to offer any vessel a reason- able subsidy; the colony could bear the expense, and even if they did go a little beyond the esti- mates, it could be provided for afterwards by a supplementary vote, and need not be taken from the amount appropriated for Eoads and Bridges. A good steamer on the coast would be a great boon. Mr. SAMSON agreed that the amount proposed would not be too much for the placing a steamer of 500 horse power on the coast. There could be no doubt of the benefit such a vessel would be to the colony, and even if by doing as pro- posed the colony was brought a little into debt it would be no great matter ; there might be something gained by getting into debt if it was done with prudence. The Eoads and Bridges of the colony were no doubt matters for serious consideration and care, but a steamer on the coast would prove a great benefit for all pur- poses. Tne COMMANDANT agreed as to the benefit to the colony of having coast steam communicaiion, but considered a single steamer could not do the work. Part of Mr. Burges' plan was to give up the overland mails to Albany and the other outports; for such mail service two steamers would be absolutely necessary, but he considered that it would not generally be thought desirable to give up the overland route for receiving and despatching the English Mail. He also thought it would not be wise to expend ¿85,000 in a single year for one vessel, which would be subject to wreck, repairs, &c;, and also that the amount is too large for the colony to bear. Mr. HABDET agree entirely with what had been said by the Commandant. The COL. SECBETABY said there would be no saving to the government in the conveyance of Mails, as there were intermediate places to which regular mails would still have to be conveyed by land. The COL. TBEASUBEB was, not aware of any surplus lying idle in the Treasury, spoken of by Mr. Burges, not required for the expendi- ture of the present year ; possibly at the close of the year there might exist a balance in favor oí the revenue, but he considered the finances not in a position to allow of ¿25,000 a year being applied to subsidise one steamer. He doubted whether even two vessels would be sufficient for the service north of Fremantle and two for the south. He could not think the Council would be justified in withdrawing from Eoads and Bridges so large a sum,1 to be ap- plied to a service which would principally be for the benefit of traders. The SUBVEYOB-GENEBAL concurred in the sentiments which had been expressed on this matter by the hon. members who had spoken before him. He considered the great question they had to) consider was which was most im- portant-steam communication or Eoads and Bridges-we could not have both. The GOVBBNOB considered the proposition unsuited to the circumstances of the colony, and was not even what Mr. Burges asked for. If it was known that a subsidy was pledged, a better offer might be made which they would be precluded from entertaining. He quite agreed in the belief that one vessel could not do' all Mr. Burges proposed,'and he also agreed that steam .coast communication would be a great advantage, bat more to trade than any other interest, therefore he thought it should be left to private enterprise, when if a proper vessel ib placed on the coast it might perhaps be well to vote a certain sum as a subsidy, and government support in transit of stores might be given as far as practicable. The only answer he could see that the Council could give to Mr. Burges was the same as that al- ready given in the Col. Secretary's letter. He should regret very much to see any portion takenaway from the amount allotted for Eoads and Bridges; he would do anything in his power to encourage steam communication but not at the cost of the internal lines of com- munication. Mr. PHILLIPS then withdrew his proposition. The order of the day was proceeded with. The Appropriation Bill was read a third time and passed, and the National Bank Bill passed through its second stage, and the third reading appointed for July 19. The GOVBBNOB informed the Council the Bill for the prevention of scab in sheep, would not be brought forward for one month, in order te allow time for its consideration by the settlers, and their reports upon it being re- ceived by tho Government. There would be no difficulty in reducing the duty on sheep tobacco to 3d. per lb., as it could be done by a resolution of the Council. The Council then adjourned. THE following is Mr. M'Kae's report of his ex- ploratory trip to the iFtzroy Eiver ; why it has so long been kept secret from the public, it is difficult to conjecture, as the Boebuck Bay Company were in a position to take immediate advantage of whatever benefit it might be to them, without fear of any person being able to step in and profit before them of any in- formation it contains : SIB.-Having received instructions from you to take charge of a party which you intended to send out to ex plore the country towards the Fitzroy River, I now beg to and you a report of the trip. On May 5th, the party, consisting of myself, Mr. S. Hall, J. McCourt, S. R. Toovey, and native Cummings, taking 5 riding and 2 packhorses, with 14 days provisions, leit Goldwyer's sheep station, steering a general N.B. course ; we struck the struck the plains below Vincent's Spring, and following them up to a place known as Cockatoo well, we halted for dinner at 1p.m. Resumed at 2.30 p.m., following the plain up to Toovey's Spring, where we watered the horses and then went on j halted for the night near Barlee Springs. On the 7th left Barlee Springs at 6.45 a.m. steering a course E. for five miles, and nine miles E. by N. when we struck a small swamp, with a good supply of water j ust now, but I think not permanent : here we decided to halt for the night at 1 p.m. The country along the line of march to-day was well grassed, but beginning to dry up fast ; there does not appear to have been such late rains here as in the neighborhood of Cape Villaret. On the 8th we got under way at 6.30 a.m., steering a course K.N.E. for six miles, passed Town Hill at 9 a.m., and took a course E. by N. f0r six miles, and then 2 mi'es N.B. when we halted for dinner at 1 p.m., without water. All the country passed over this morning was thickly grassed, and in some places fit for sheep, the soil improv- ing much. Resumed again at 2.30 p.m. on an E JO!, course for six miles, when we struck a dry creek, which we followed down to the North ior one mUe, in the hope of getting water, but were disappointed, and resumed our B.Di.E. course, and two miles on we struck a good sized river with plenty of water in standing pools. Its course appears to be to the E. ; here we halted for the night at S p.m. Passed over three miles of stony land this evening poorly grassed ; rest of the journey was through a good descri tion of country ; the soil near the river is of a light alluvial nature ; the grass has been recently burnt. I propose calling this river the Logue. On theStu our horses strayed five or six miles up the river, owing to the grass being burnt, and we did not get under way until 9 a.m. j we then followed the course of the river down for five mi es, and halted for dinner at li a m. on a fine reach of water half-a-mile long, and fifty yards wide. The country along the river is lightly tim bered, and well grassed, Resumed at 2.30 p.m., still fol- lowing the river down, which was joined 2 miles down by a large branch from the S.W., and a mile further on by another from the same direction ; the river now widens out into a clear broad reach of 100 yards wide, swarmed with ducks and other wild fowl, of which we shot a good supply; two miles further down, the river appears to ter- minate in this reach ; there is no definite channel farther down, but a broad marshy flat extends to the E. by N. Here we camped for the night at 5.30 p.m. j the country passed over this evening was mostly open plains extending a couple of miles back from the river, well grassed j there is a range of highland to theN.; a remarkable fiat-top- ped hill on it bore N.W. : there were few natives on the river, as we passed down, and they were not a little suprised to see us, and made off in great haste when one of the party fired at some ducks. On the 10th we started at 7 a.m., on an East course. After going a mile we got upon a sand-hill, and had a good view to the E.; before us a large ope J sheet of water (which I propose calling Lake Hall) stretched away to the 2T.N.E. out of view, and as near as we could judge two miles wide; we had to alter our course to E. by S. to avoid the wet marshy land on its margin ; continued this course eight miles, across open level plains, well grassed and halted for dinner at 11 a.m. near a fine swamp or clay- pan. Resumed at 3 p.m.,- after crossing aricn alluvial flat for a mile, where the grass grew so strong that our horses had a much as they could do to wade through it, we struck the litzroy River, running to the K. by W. Here it is a fine river 150 yards wide, with a current run- ning about two miles per hour, quite fresh ; the banks are about 20 feet high. Rode about three miles up the wes- tern bank and halted for the night. On the lllh started at 5.30 a.m. still on the river; two miles np we crossed a small tributary coming in from the 8., and half a mile farther on we crossed a considerable branch, that comes in from the E.S.E. ; we took a course °:,E' t?T"^ a larg« open plain; two remarkable high ml a visible m that direction, distant about 20 mi'es ; high- land to the 8. of our course ; continued on this course for 10 miles, and then halted for dinner at 11 a.m. on a deep clay-pan, with a good supply of water. The first 2 miles of country passed over this morning was well grassed, and in many places 6 feet high ; then 7 miles over open plains oí a hard clayey nature, beautifully graBsed and in- tersected with long swamps and deep clay-pan3 ; the last three miles was through lightly timbered country which has been lately burnt, an di3 now clothed with fine green grass 6 inches high. Saw 15 or 20 natives on the plain ; thev were engaged burning the grass for pigeon's eggs, which are very numerous. We rode up to some of them they were not armed, but appeared very frightened of us, and tried to hide themselves in the grass. Started on the return trip at 2.30 p,m., our stay being limited to 15 or 20 days j took a course W.MÏW. to strike the high-land seenin the morning on our right ; four miles on our course we struck the S. branch of th-i river, and two miies on we camped for the night at the foot of the hills, which we found to be of an ironstone formation covered with spinifex. The country passed over this evening was as good as crossed in the morning, but more clay pans were seen. On the 12th got under way at 7 a.m., W.N.W. course, and struck our night halt of the 9th on the Logue River at noon, where we halted for dinner. Travelled over six miles of plains, well grassed, and seven of timbered country, also well grassed ; the soil of a light clay nature. Resumed at 3 p.m., following up the river to the west; travelled three miles up one of the southern branches, which we found te be better grassed than the west branch. Struck the west branch again at 6 p-m. and camped for the night 6 miles above our noonday halt. O a the 13th got under way at 8 a.m., the horses having strayed some dis- tance in the night; still following the branch up, we halted for dinner at 11 a.m. near a large poo. in the river, 9 miles above our night halt ; resumed again at 2 p.m., still on the river, which lies a little to the N.W. j 2 miles on the course it waa joined by a large, and I tLink the main branch from the S.W. A mile further we found that the river was running from N".N. W. so left it, and took a course S.8.W. for three miles, when we again crossed the southern branch, which was running at this point east and west ; 3 miles on our coast we halted for the night, at 5 p.m., on an open flat, beautifully grassed, but without water. Most of the country passed over this evening was well grassed, and in some places thickly timbered. On the 14th got under way at 8 a.m. on a S.W. course ; a_ mile from our camp wa again struck one bow of the river with plenty of water, its general course now seems to be to the £t.W. Three miles farther on we struck our outward track, and followed it to Tower Hill, and then on to our night camp of the 8th, when we halted for d;nner. Resumed at ¿'30 p.m., still following our outward track ; halted for the night at 5 p.m. seven miles from Barlee Springs, without water. On the 16th started at 5;45 a.m., still on our outward track ; we halted to water the horses at Barlee bprings, and then went on to loovey's Springs to breakfast, xte sumed at 11*15 a.m, and halted for the night near Vincent's Spring at 5.15 ; here there was a good supply of water, kaw a number of natives on the plains as we came down; they are not so shy as they used to be. On the 16th got under way at 6 a.m. and reached Goldwyer's 8tation at 9.30 a.m., where we had breakfast, and then went on to the Depot Camp. I may add, in connection with the country s'en on and about the bitzroy River, that it is the best I have seen on the North West Coast, lhave since seen the DeGrey and Tien Tsm Bay, but not much of the latter place. It possesses-'all the advantages of a good sheep country; excepting that it is low, and perhaps too far north, but I believe sheep do well in the same latitude in Queens- land. The principal timber was white and flooded gum, with two kinds of wattle ; the baobab also grows here in great luxuriance-one monster measures 13 J feet in diameter. The principal game seen were ducks and other wild fowl, and pigeons; the former were found in swarms on every sheet of water. The mosquitoes were very troublesome when camped near the rivers. I have the honor to be, Sir, goura respectfully. A. MoRAE. Joseph Logue, jun. Esq., J.F. LAST week Mr. Manning, the Clerk of Works at Fremantle was somewhat al- armed at noticing the inner opening of the new channel through the Bar, choked np by anaccumulation of sea-weed, and re- ported the circumstance to head quar y i tera. On the following day the Surveyor d [General and Mr. Trigg went down to in vestigate the matter, but hy that time the ghost had disappeared. The Board has made the following report on the matter and we understand a large body of con- victs are now employed in making the cutting recommended through the old Ferry Point, so as to take all advantage possible of the winter freshets. It wül be interesting to watch the effects of the opening when made, in turning the cur- rent from the north to the south side of the river : Perth, 11th July, 1866. SIR.-The Board on the navigation of the Swan Elver having, pursuant to the instruction of His Excellency the Go- vernor, conveyed in your letter of yester- day's date, assembled this day at Fremantle for the purpose of examining the obstructions attheBar near Eous' Head, observed and re- ported by Mr. James Manning, the Clerk of Works, in a letter of the 7th instant, inspected the vicinity in a boat provided by the Harbor Master, do report as follows for His Excel- lency's information : 2.-The obstruction referred to appeared to have consisted of a compact bed of sea- weed, 2 to 4 feet above water, which had drifted inside the mouth of the river, and become firmly, but temporarily, attached toasimiliar bed of weeds projecting into the river from the inner side of Eous' Head. 3.-Previous to the Board visiting the local- ity at 10 a.m., this bank had been completely and effectually removed by the action of the tides j' the up- current was found running strong through the recently-opened channel near Eous' Head, and over the spot on which the bank of weeds had been observed on the previous day. 4.-The experience of the members of the Board under this head has thus been verified, and has impressed them with a belief that, whatever temporary inconvenience may be in future experienced from similar accumulations of seaweed in bhe spot referred to, no permanent obstruction of the kind may reasonably be looked for, which would be likely to interfere in any serious degree with the utility of the channel. 5.-On the contrary, the Board are of opinion that, when the Channel through the rocky bar, now only 60 feet wide, shall have been widened and deepened to the extent already proposed, and the necessary measures shall afterwards have been adopted for conducting the stream into the contemplated new channel towards the bridge, there will be little or no reason to apprehend the existence of any permanent ob- struction of the kind now under consideration. 6.-The Board having attentively and minu- tely examined the channel lately blasted through the rocky bar, had the satisfaction to observe that a strong flood tide was running through it, and taking an upward course in such a favorable direction towards Ferry Point as has led to a belief that if the cutting of one chain in width, which has already been commenced through that Point, were continued, so as to prepare it for receiving the first winter freshes down the river, the proposed new channel from the Bar to the Bridge would soon afterwards become open for use throughout its entire length, without much additional aid, beyond the removal of the outer half of the temporary breakwater, which was some years ago pro- jected from the Fremantle shore in the vicinity of the Cantonment. 7.-Beyond recommending that these neces- sary works should be at ouce carried out in the order in which they are named, the Board would not suggest the adoption of any addi- tional measures until the channel through the rocky bar shall have been completed, and its effect observed. "We have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servants. J. %. EOE, Surveyor-General, President. JAMES HAßDING, Harbor Master. JAMES MANNING, Clerk of Works. HENEY TEIGG. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary. 