A VISIT TO THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. By a Casual Looker-is. Being a member of n service which, though BtatulnbJy dubbed a. Civil one, is yet very often rather uncivilly treated by what is n .w-n-dnys supposed to represent public opinion, ! succeeded In nhtnininp n ftvntt.-r/iit» t. 11 i _ ' O — —V iiWMi.- UUL OI 1 harness, and resolved upon rievoiing twelve hours of this nt least to benting the houndariesof our suburbs.- I started on my mission, accord ingly, and in due course of time urrivei! in front of the Benevolent Asylum. Saturday was drizzly, wot, and discouraging In tho pedestrian (and I never cab it) j and on n wet. day Gotham is about the Unst surpsssr.hlu cf the passable ward-motes of Melbourne; hut having roughed it so far, I had resolved upon soring it out. How different was the spot on which I new stood from what it was fifteen y.eais ago ! 1 thh. lc it was in 18ol tho foundotion-stouo of lite Asylum was laid. I was there that day, and n line day it was- and delightful it was to see the Masons, the Oddfellows, tho Recliabites, the Foresters, the St. Patrick's Society men, ami in fact", -,ny«ler man " co-operating upon such a grand titul truly lm. ' posing occasion. It was a fine day — v:ry uifiHlv Saturday— for the sun laughed o'ut cheerily anW'j encouragingly, and the crustiest curmudgeon I that ever liv«( could not do otherwise than par- \ take of the coMugious enjoyment of the season. I Melbourne was prouil of itself on that memorable I day, and of the concourse of persons who com- I posed tho procession. There were not a few I who afterwards were glad to avail themselves of I the sanctity of that noble charity which redounds | so muoh to the credit of tho benevolent im putations of the people of Melroume, I thought of the day and tho procession, lad how the people then found fault with the sitj, which was a mile out of town, for at that tide Mel bourne was — if we except CoilingntiJl, then called Newtown— suburhless. But tire day was fine, and, if we except the separation pt cessions of the j ear before, the procession ,w i quite n success. It is a remarknhle circuinst ice that the marshal, or master of nercmonl i of the day was IViilism Cooper, tire first knlg t of tho anvil in Melbourne — tho first Arigln-8 con who presided overasmitbyiutliisnowlainl. C J Cooper cursed and swore, nnd vowed vengeance a main taining order, and succeeded to a mnderful extent. After the stoue was laid mi: micolly, according to pristine usage, Old Codpt , taking for his text " So mote it be," c'Peoui >8 most eloquently to the multitude upon tho un ertaiaty of human affairs, aud tho necessity of rovidlog suitable refugia pauperuro, I cnniiotsn whether he was pecuniarily interested in thee mt; but It is, as Sam Sliek would soy, a curb s coinci dence, that tills samo old bloke — Co er was the first patient admitted on tho opeitg of the asylum n few months after ! It cartlnly looks very like a presentiment of the old geitleman ; and if so, it speaks much for his prcience in having thus so philosophically and phlanthropi- cally provided for himself a comfortuli! sinecure upon which to retire In the evening ojiiis days. The Benevolent Asylum of to-dny waJ however, a living brick and mortar fact stnijig at me ; and B9 I had assisted In laying (lie stone, and occasionally subscribing to its fids, I re solved upon making a personal inspetion of its interior. Entering the gate, I waslialled by a rather well-dressed, smart- looking itnate, who, .in a very business way, asked wliJ I wanted. I told him I wished to seo the supeintendent ; and he replied, rather civilly, " Wcj, sir, you'll find him up nt that door." Bojing my ac— I knowieilginent, I steered for " till door/' and I there met a sort of limping Ilebe, Irho, though I civil, was rather curt, and voluntcred at onco ! to find' out tho superintendent, vherever ho I might ho. She found him at leng i. and I oh- f Mined my entreo. I wout there vittiout pre- I vious intention or notificalion, ai I shall now "a plain unvarnished taie unfo " of what I saw. It was just 1 o'clock, and so hr I was ablo to see the inmates dining— the 'ions feeding." I was ushered Into a largo kiteim-like apart ment, where upon an unelothedtable I beheld 180 men enjoying the chief raeallf tho day. It was a good meal— f.ir betfr than-, many labourers and mechanics had litslda. There was plenty of roast beef, breil, potatoes, and Adam's ale; and theysoemed b eojoy it, too. I thought as I scaaned the rldgjs of faces before me, that many of tlicm seetrfl of that class which scarcely came within lie terms of an eleemosynary institution; butroni careful in quiries which I subsequently itde I have strong reason for believing that veryrarely ia any im position practised in <lie wy of admission.' Amonget tho diners were ainore than usual proportion of men either biiud'r with eyes very much affected; and it wn! something won. derful to note tho precisiopnd dexterity with which tho blind men cut Seir meat, latched their potatoes, and sent the fjuer to lti-jfjna- ' lion. I also . noticed tut some ariose 1 " darkies" must have liad't 1 hump of locality largely developed, for after finer they strutted up tho room, and tufnewut at the door, and avoided collision with \opf, in a manner ' only to ,bo nccouritcd\pr by the suppo sition that the " blind, whtiugh deprived of the seuse of reeiug, hfif oviir.v ut.her sous \ pointed with additional ij cues. Ou a perusal \ ; ' // ' . of the dietary scale, I And that tlio breakfast Is bread and tea; with roast meat (beef or mutton), with potatoes and bread, for dinner; and ten and bread for ten or supper. On Fridays, the Roman Catholic inmates arc allowed fish. Of course, tliosa who aro bed-ridden (numbering about fifty) form an exception so far ns the extension of fnedical comforts interferes with the ordinary bill of faro. For I believe I nm snfe in saying that tbe medical gentiemnn who lias charge of tho institution, if he errs ct nil ft?.f the distribution of medical comforts, "K'1 nt " virtue's side," i.e., prescribing them timre unsparingly than perhaps be ought. If so, better he sinned this way than the other, Tbe female refectory was n sort of facsimllo of tbe other — with the exception that, perhaps, no extra quantity of chatting was indulged In. ( After dinner I was shown through the whole building, which most certainly presented an oppcornnco of cleanliness and neatness for which I was not prepsred. The washing and cooking of tho establishment ore done by steam ; and there is a small dryieg-room, which might, without any trouble, bo Improvised into n Turkish bath. Tho kitchen is large and spaciouB, nod possesses this advantage that It could accommodate three times tho number of the present inmates. Everywhere ono went through the building it was nothing but beds, beds, beds — beds, in fact, everywhere — in every nook and corner and cranny. " Every step you took cither a bed or the ghost of ono, jumped up before you, and you Imagined that you were In a very bed-land ; and tbe beds were clean and good, and most of them hair mattresses. I know that I liavo paid beforo this 4s. for a bed at 'on hotel, certainly not to be compared to tlioso at the llenevolcnt Asylum. The rooms appeared to be well scrubbed and ventilated, and there wera blazing firo9 in those appropriated to tbe use of the more Invalided portion of the inmates. Speaking about tho invalids, I may say that there are about fifty bedridden old people of both sexes, nnd these nre attended with much care In their rooms. Their meals are brought to tlmm, and much sympathy is manifested towards tbcib by tlirir companions. There nre also nbouthnif.n dozen married couples' on tho books, and these eld folks arc not cruelly separated, ns ia the bastilles of the old country— ' they have their rooms 4o ;llicmselvcs, ond seem to enjoy the sunset of JJfo ns resignedly and eontontediy ns if they ' were in a palace. Tho total number of inmates are 417, i e , 305 men nnd 112 women. The majority hail from Great Britain end Ireland, though I noticed n sprinkling of Americans, Nor wegians, Prussians, Italians, Hollanders, and Germans. There nre at present no less (linn 234 tinder medical treatment, and there have been thirty-seven deaths since the 1st January last, which seems to be- an increnso upon the mor tality of 1805, as only fifty-seven died during that year. The Inte cohl weather has knocked up n good innny of tbe old ones. Summer, which is generally so fntnl to the youngsters in th s country, passes with a light haul over tire heads of the veterans in the asylum; hut llie fiesta and draughts, and man atmospheric changes of the past six weeks, have screwed tliom up nnd put them on tiie rack. This accounts for the fact that not more than about sixty are now employed in picking oakum, though some half-n-dozett arc making mattresses, nnd some few aro engaged upon the gardens, which grow not only suttieieut vegetables for the establishment hut pr. vide some for sale. It may he as well here to men tion that occasionally the men are engaged in mctnl breaking, and there is now a quantity of broken met.nl on hand which any borough or municipality may have at a bargain. There nre about fifry women employed ia making shirts and knitting, and tlicy not only supply the place in shirts, drawers, stockings and vests, hut a very liar.dsomo residue of this local industry is suld. Though supposed to he up at G a.m., it-is worthy of remark that many of the old men nre up and nlmut before tlint hour. Indeed some of the oldest may be seen toddling about as early ns 5 o'clock. They linve breakfast at 8, dinner at 1, and tea at iinlf- past 5. There is no hour fixed far their going toiied, hiitnenriy nil the inmntes show a gloat liking t\ -eniy. hours, and accordingly turn in nbout 8V>s;ivi:k. Some lemnin up inter, nnd amuse themselves with rending, for they have a library which tlicy much appreciate, and which, , though good enough, would nevertheless be im proved if a few good-natured individuals would take it in their lieaiis t > endow it with n fens of those many volumes which they have to spare. Smoking is permitted outside the building, nnd all who nre disposed to Indulge in the luxuries of n pipe receive a daily allowanco of the " weed ;" nn cxlra allowance is the standing premium for gord conduct, over-industry, or any special cir cumstances worthy of reward. (To be continued. 