Curb H. good tat after tm dflilaL itait^»> whm tiw ! fl#,:|)p|ir.' aoaaftv mi Atli^Klw in boob, hlf. Jin oWHfaf ift %ht aiflyaoA Jbf ipjiiiiing jftpal■ the flickering fire-blaae, gating down upon m H ve iij, J must confess I didn't *k. "What on earth could the fellow be doing there ? Bushrangers did not adopt tac tics, and if an honest man, why couldn't he came forward? We bad put our guns under the sides of the rag for the sake of keeping them from the night dew, and pawing one of then stealthily to Harry •»* fi»ff«ng «*■ other, I whispered to say companion to be prepared to act. The head had bobbed down once behind the log, as if desirous of rwaping detection, hot presently rose again as before. I now thought it was time to do aomething, ao springing suddenly into a sitting posture I caluted, as I considered it, in approved bush fashion, with " Holloa, mate, what do yon want ?" "Good evening to ye,** spoke, or rather stuttered, in reply the owner of the unpre possessing visage I Lave described, evidently in some confusion at having been detected watching us, and exhibiting as he rose a tarf | eatmlle by no mean winning, j " Good evening to ye," said he. #* Tve been ! ket in the bush this two days, and seed your fin from t'other side of the meek, eo come arrow to speak to ye; but I be 'moat naked i from tearing my old hits of clothes arrambting through the ranges, and ao I hardly Eked to come fimard.** Poor devil! be fid indeed look wretched. He had waded through tbe creek armpit deep, and was shivering with cold. Bra "old bits i of dothes** hung in scanty fragments about ; K*1", and bde feet, cut and Uktered, were only ; very partially covered by the remnants of his | boots. Of oourae tbe first thing to be done was to gyve him a feed. Harry sprang up | with praiseworthy sin ijtj and wpkmhwi toe , fire; some more coffee was soon brewed; and J didn't we enjoy seeing tbe way our new friend, 'rim Ifd managed to warm himrif, make op j far feet time in appeasing his stomach. At length he finriwd eating, and apologising to us for appearing greedy, aaked eagerly for a pipe and tobacco. Tbia, however, not being 1 smokers, we were unable to furnish him with, but a nip of brandy made amends for it; and ! then giving hi™ (me of the blankets, once more , we lay down again. But sleep that night didn't eeem practicable. 1 gatiw toe effeets of tbe 119 of bandy, or tbe j anti-tacitarn habits of our wanderer, served to j make him soy talkative, and certainly tbe naftmr nf Hi nrn"BiTtiM' "Alii,KrfM ■— afi attention. Our worthy acarecrow was, be mid, a gold digger. When he told us tbii I thought to srfacl^ "Ah! weB, digging moot be a precious fivdy avocation, at afi easts after yoor style of doing it!" Bid preeerdy, as be went on with bis yam, I btgan to feel a better notion of it. Hia name, be stated, waa Wfi&am; Jones, or maaqg ins intimates "Cbnkey Bffl," a ftBurftwujiBrtinnaaiiM tola on tbe lam of bis nooe. He and bis matas, four alto gether in number, bad been out prospecting— out aew mouths, aocueabett up in tbe Gipps land direction—and had, molding to account, struck "good gold.** In witocm cfj j adslouiu amutiow"Odnkey B3T pebdnaBd* tog, email, grmay, and made of Vrihe^ »ad riiili, Wre eo^gb, cereal jli m A-fackngRtle —gg. pre* mom of toe psatyheving. it appeared. be sted, BSD had been tout off to with nconple of putfthoeme to But who* a atnte of 11 <the m&t; rf j the geld threw &nyU;»1 Yiawoe of hnge fbahi ITiltr ' '' '' -Why. «*-«>*-•»» ourfctatofe^o _me r eqfisits^uuil1 *y * wwrwM^;i» •: ritobaijr *fg£$g#SL? " '.«fl u i paitmg "wear, In rrrbingr for tlu» bmdafmw pwaai we foaad m inspection that certain useful artkfes of en urn to wit, cbeeae, biscuits, ond brandy—tad dimp pond from oar little teoek, fhnngli to give Conkey BiD bis doe, only in moderately naaQ quantity. A pint parmftm, we farther die* cOTtred, oar worthy friend bad booomedw by accepting, but netting mote, happily, waa ■ MM KaturaBy we frit noe chagrin at this ter mination of the nigbt'a idteuture, sad Harry TOted for gmng chaae and "mtoiag it a mmig" to matter Ototkey. Am, howerer, are were not" Hack (intw,*' flat notion wa» natfeanUe. And oo oar noseless £gtr «w gone. It may be, for I beKere bit story waa • trne one, Conkey Bill duly reflected on the poanUe results of what be bad toU v-tk, that Harry and I nrigbt Stick to him, and lead to bis party being dncOTezed. Whether be erer found bia hnw,or what became of him, I nerer beard; bat shortly afterwards mar age opened up in die Dmdenocg district—raj poor and " patchy,* I befiere— and ft is not impoaeftfc they may bare originated with the party of wtaeh he waa a Packing up, off we went again, ft rbany of wind and a lardy flmungnabovwA far pkaaanfcer, and bmkly and wbt&j; ve trudged along, and about fear o'clock that day reached the far-famed FeiuUea GuBy_ Poor Harry waa, certainly, rather "baked**' the last rnk or two. * How much further on to the. hot, WilSe ?" "Aren't we weaiiy there yet P" " Hadn't we better bare another spefi?" and other i if " "i a trf ■ sin a hi nalinr showed that bar "tend lege" eoanxly had foond him ; and when, A iaat, the journey wm orer, neither of os, I bdm, were ray aorry. The fortnight dipped away moat plea—ally. I shall not attempt wearying the reader by teBmg all we did and aw there ; bow e» ■canUed op to the One Tree H21, and ifter wards ioat oandiea moat iagioripndy in a dene aerwb; bow mj cousin, on ay first el* tempt at " damper" making, toned up to nam when he saw me throw the dough in the •shea, and iutianted tint the maker aright "eat ft all, far what he eared P toa^eueto ally, when eappertime came, Ifmtrr Hmy eat the biggest portion of it. One day we west oto fidag. Au old, old man^ who fired at the tot of toe gaSyiu* pretty Bto baft witb n iimtly kept gaiuv teldwetheceeekatewtamife deem waa fell of fish, and kindly lent mode andtecUe. 1 So I took • book wftb ma on toe < some fine big waram, very aoon had a fee to Pueualy Harry made a rtsipiieti "atid*, meat, jerked a fine black-fish, tfnt lent a pawl, owt ef tba water, wry aooa agnn another^ and then—bethnf aaaatfiag to week —in akont an kaar ww bid naemnef too jamtfttonftoalandi eintoidmthrnntoij — ~ a -« SOHB 4BE gpynikaiw m kaar m- kwo to apnad ap tocnbko gbw tot Bftbatomm a tmd. rti i oaly Italy Wblftafal^nHaa toggir1[ bad jot toed sT bath harmfeat l wha* fine oM MiihIii " < down toe tot abwMbt iuaatfe an, fir fertontefylbadbea-daHag-lfenywito toUjnai tf toto%f}«f tontad very promptly, " Oh l It's only old mother Pobson'a ghost. What the deuoe did you wake n,e for ?" Then it wee, "Oh! t say, Wi% old fellow, don't go to, sleep again 1 do keep awake a bit!" &o.;, to all which plaintive entreaties 1 paid, ofoourse, no attention. Poor Harry! I am.aJraid l spoiled his rest that night. Well, to bring my jtory towards conolusion, we remained at die gully till 'die last day possible, nothing being Jeft for breakfast on the final morning but a oouple of potatoes and a broiled fish eaoh. Even then my enthusiastic: oousin voted for stopping there,altogether, and living on parrote, and the produce of the little creek j and grieved sadly, or pretended to do ao, at having to return to the Hover Castle. So much for youth and.health.and die country to eryoy them in,. Put we had to leave it; and so, at last, away we went, with many a fond look at parting. Down onoe more the pleasant track—our bundles now but little trouble to us—and on again to the dusty highway, and a final visit to mine host of die " Mulgrave." Many lore glances, and more ,fshandigafi^" alike ad ministered by the scrumptious barmaid, here utterly swamped- poot Harry. Cutting die 2ast anchor buttons from his waistooat, down he dropped in misty devotion, and swore the most eternal fidelity; and so I had to let him take a sleep before his feelinga would permit him to proceed. 1 Poor fellow,! He is npw in the P. and 0. service in the Red Sea; and Mary, probably, in a " bar " of her btrn, and a constant con tributor to the census sheet of the oolony j and ao, good luck to them. It may be,- however, that Captain Harry will sometime), when glancing at his gilt buttons, recall to his recollection their little share in the incidents of our trip to Ferntree Cully. 