MURRU.MBURRAH. from a correspondent.! I felt very much surprised, when on n visit at Murrumburrah a few days ago, to find that a township beautifully ornamented with the houses that form it and the magnificent country that abounds has not been more frequently noticed by the public press for its progress. The contiguous country has the appearance of making it even tually a most prosperous district. The beautiful plains, the quantities of sheep that depasture on them, and the agriculture that is progressing in the locality, was to me a matter of great astonish ment. My visit to this village, the only one for many years, happened to fix itself for Thursday last, the 9th inst. The day was certainly anything but a" sunny" one— the rain came down in torrents, and the plains, as I came across them, were, in deed, very bleak. The court was busily engaged on my arrival, disposing of cases of obscene language, assaults, &c.;, each of which passed off with the defendants being fined in mitigated penalties. There was one case, however, the result of which drew a long face from the person concerned, and a lull of astonishment from the audience at court, 1 allude to a charge that was preferred against Mr. Miles Murphy, a storekeeper and mill proprietor in the township, for selling grog without a license. From the cvidenco that camo before the bench, it ap peared quite clear to me that tho case must fall through, as there was not a syllable to prove the defendant's guilt. However, the bench, the Police Magistrate of Young only presiding, seemed to be ol' a different, opinion, and ordered the defendant to pay 30 1. 5J?d. Tho amount was immediately paid into' court, with a notice of appeal to the next Court of Quarter Sessions, when, no doubt, the value of his worship's order will be considered. Mr. Murphy soon got rid of his solitude, for he was shortly afterwards to be seen in his steam flour mills, where he was hard at work preparing for a ball aud supper which he had announced by invitation to his friends for the same evening in consequence of tho opening of his mills. Supper it was called, but in consequence of the large stock of grain on li'and. it was found, impossible to arrange one of the upper floors of the mill for the supper table, and therefore it was found imperative to alter tho./Vr dintj part of the arrangements from the hour of twelve p m. to eight p.m.. so that on- interrupt- -d dancing euuhl follow at eight o'clock. When the bell sounded, about l.rio persons were immediately at its call to partake of the good things supplied with so much liberality by the host and carefulness from tho persons, who were engaged in preparing the dinner and arranging the tables. Amongst tiio-o present 1 observed J. C. Welman.' Esq., J.P.. of Barwang, in the chair, with the host. Mr. Miles Murphy, on his right, whil.-t P. .1. O'Donnell. E.-q., J P. ; P. II. Hurley. Esq.. J. P.. and J. Lehane. Esq., and other gentlemen were alternately seated right and left ol" the Chairman. On all .-ides were to ho seen the representatives of the pastoral, agricultural, and commercial interests. Mechanics also served to augment the number. Alter ample justice had been ilouo in the eating line, wiiiuli was proved by (lie pleasant countenance" that shone from the large assemblage, the Chair man rose to propose " the Queen." ""ho Prince aud Princess of Wales." as is usual at such meeting-', which were responded to by an excellent band"of music, engaged for the occasion, after which fol lowed " the Host."' The Chairman, in rising to pro pose the toast, appeared to feel very mueh'pl.'asuro in having the handling of it. He said he knew Mr. Murphy perhaps longer and better than anv man in the district-. They were both very long 1" sid.-mls there. Ho ( hose to say that Mr. Murphy fs the father ot Ilinahn g and progenitor of Murrumhurrah i he cm-Id well remember when there was not a slab in Dinalong. and that Mr. Murphy was the first to inhabit that district, and lie could also wel1 re member when tho former lessee of Murriiinbiirrah. Mr. .Harris, had hut a small hut, 011 the same spot of ground on which the mill now stands, where he was in the habit of boiling down his senbhv sheep. The chairman .then silludcd to the excellent ac commodation, afforded to all travellers, by a hotel which Mr. Murphy had also erected in the town, which, together with one more recently built by Mr. Dillon, could not lie exec led out of Sydney. Mr. Welman then referred to a n-os' jicaltby pro- ceeding on the part ol the new mill proprietor inasmuch that the district had been hitherto im posed upon by the obnoxious charge of Is. fid. per bushel for grinding, which Mr. Murphy found him self capable of doing at Is., and also that hereto fore, the wheat-grower could only get from forty- two to forty-threo lbs. of Hour for his bushel of wheat, whereas Mr. Murphy could all'ord to give forty-five lbs. of flour out of sixty lbs. of wheat. The speaker was frequently interrupted with shouts of applause. Mr. Murphy rose to reply. He ad mitted bis incompetency at present to say much about milling, but.be promised to give the business his attention, and he assured his constituents that in any case where ho felt justified in granting further indulgence, he would not fail to do so! Ho returned grateful thnnks for the unanimouss feeling expressed at the drinking of his health. A gentleman very well known, and much respected in the district, John W. Edmonds, Esq.. occupied the vicc-chuir, and proposed in rotation "The Ladies." " The agricultural mid pastoral interests," ifcc., which were responded to by the several parties whose interests were immediately affected, in appropriate terms. Mr. (Joonibes was also to he seen " on his leys," mulling response on behalf of the mechanics, a toast most ably proposed by Mr. Murphy. Mr. Coonihes remarked iliac ho was a sfauuch adherent of the old saying that "brevity is tho soul of wit." arid quickly brought his -my to a close. Now followed the clearing out of tho room, tho bottom floor of the mill being the ph.ee chosen for the occasion, so that the hall might follow. At about ten o'clock dancing commenced, and was continued uneua.-itigly till sunrise on tiie I following morning. 'This certainly was the largest j and most successful night's enjoyment that "ins ever been known in the district, and I am sure that I all who wern present wilt join me in wishing Mr. Murphy livery prosperity in his new enterprise. The Amateur Ml'sicai, and Liter irv En tertainment — chiefly musical— given at the Royal Hotel on Thursday everting. 011 behalf of the building fund of. the Yass Mechanics' Institute, was a great success in every respect. 'The doors were opened at half-past seven, and nt that hour a crowd of persons was awaiting admission in ten minutes afterwards the large room was literally crammed with a most respectable audience. As visitors continued to arrive in large numbers the rooms at. tho side of the' concert hull also became crowded, and numbers must .have been unable to get within hearing of the vocalists. No entertain ment given in Yass, whether amateur or profes sional, was so promptly or numerously attended as that on Thursday evening. At eight o'clock pre cisely Mr. Rudd took his scat at tho piano, and played the opening overture, which was admirably executed, considering that the instrument, was not, in pei feet tunc, and that the densely- packed audience bad scarcely settled themselves. Mr. Antill followed with a local song of his own composi tion. The "bits "were numerous and humourous, aii'l remarkably well received, a hearty encore being accorded and responded to. The curat inn, " So Romeo t' uccise un Figlio," by Mrs. J. 0. Tavlor, was well deserving of the cordial applause accord ed by a large portion of the audience ; but, it was deemed expedient to substitute the' homely Scotch ballad " I canna mind my wheel, mitlier." for the second Italian song, " Roberto, oh, tu ebo adorn." which Mrs. Taylor bad intended to sing in the second part of the entertainment. The duet, " Lovo not," by Mrs. Taylor and Mr. Antill was excellently sung, the voices of the vocalists being well suited to the music and to eaclt other. The duets of Mrs. and Miss Brigstocke were delightfully executed. 'Their duetto; " Hoar me, Norma," was, perhaps, the gein of tho evening, and was, as it well de served to he, rapturously encored. The sweetly pretty songs selected by Mrs. Allman will not readily lie forgotten. " H'e have been friends to gether," " Her bright smile haunts me still," and otherH. wove sung with a degree of feeling that speedily reached tho hearts of the audien-o and thoroughly enraptured the hearers. Mr. Leathart's songs (the accompaniments being played by Mrs, Leather!) and Mr. Shipway's "nigger" melodies (Mr. Wilkinson at the piano) were invariably en cored, as might be expected, both of these gentle men being old favourites with a Yass audience, : eaclt of them having on several previous occasions appeared on the " local stage." So far as these gentlemen aro concerned it is sufficient to say that they woro "up to' tho mark,1' and the efforts mndo by them on Thursday were calculated to en sure them a warm and cordial welcome- should they again join the ranks of tho Yass amateurs for a similar purpose. The recitations of Mr. Waddoll (who by the way merits with Mr. Pembrookc tho credit of originating the entertainment) were eapi-. tally rendered — "The Frenchman and tho rats" and " Goody Grin v. Lapstone " keeping tho audience in continued laughter during their de livery. These were the only recital inns that seem ed to "take" with the audience, the dialogue of " Loehiel aud tho wizard" proving a comparative failure ; while ' Mark Antony's oration " and " 'The charge of the light brigade " were altogether aban doned. and songs substituted. 'The scene front Ilamlet, in which Horatio first intimates that Ham let's father's ghost has been seen on the ramparts — sustained by Messrs. Rudd and Raymond — was favourably received by the audience. Sir. Pem- brookc found himself unable to take his part in tho programme, having all the evening been busily and usefully employed in superintending with Me.-srs. Darber and Lawson the pecuniary affairs connect ed with the entertainment. The ladies and gentle men whoso'kindly gave their services are well" en titled to the thanks of the committee of the insti tute and of the community. The building fund of the institute must be materially benefited, and the enthusiastic npplauso which greeted the various pieces testified to the delight of the audicnco. We fear that tho numerous encores (wiiich were in every case cheerfully responded to) must have severely tried the physique of the ladies culled on, particu- larly as it was after eleven o'clock when tho Na tional Anthem was snug by tho company. We take this opportunity to express surpriso that choral singing is not more cultivated in Yass. Wo hope the ducts so beautifully executed on Thursday evening may be tin; means of exciting a taste for it. The ravishing power of music cannot bo fully developed in simple melody. A remarkable in stance of tho effect of harmony is related by Miss Wynne in her interesting " Diary." That semi- savage despot. Ilyder Ali. was entertained at a state dinner, during which a regimental band was playing. When tliey played " God save the Queen," liyder fainted, and on recovering exclaimed, " Is your king a god that you adore him with music like that P " Wo are glad to bear it whispered that a second amateur concert is likely to bu given in October next, ami should such be the case wu have no doubt it will be equally successful as that just past, while the one or two trifling " hitches '' that occurred on Thursday .vill doubtless be altogether avoided. Skins of the Millenium in New South Wai.es. — Australian readers of Baxter's work on Antccbrist, have been, until very recently, unde cided as to whether these colonics would form part of the arena during the ensuing eientl'ul seven ; years warfare, no allusion being made by the I author to this part of tin; globe in connection with I bis prophetic warnings. All doubt on the subject i | now may be said to bo dispelled. Interpreters of i : prophecy as well as mundane philosophers have decreed that "coming events ca.-t their shadows j ; before and point emphatically to occurrences in | ' a lesser degree that have taken place, as clearly | : typical of momentous events to follow. Now. if j j we are to believe the Eurrani/ont/ Aryus — an un- i exceptionable authority on things prophetic —an ominous struggle took plate at Wagga Wagga on the -lib iu.-t.. which pointedly foreshadows the great battle of Armageddon, indicating also the move than probability of Australia sharing the trials and disasters of the coming period. 'The event allude:! to as graphically described by the' j llurranr/uiiy Artjus was a fiercely disputed contest : between " Co.ramin" ami " Mcrandah," " an event | witmssetl ly 3 90 parsons." Cooraoiin'and Meraridab being interpreted must mean Gog and Magog, for with whom else or less would 300 parsons muster to witness a " set-to ? " Baxter' tells us that the battle of Armageddon shall boVitnessed by thou sands of the " chosen." Ilore then wo have the i presence of the 300 parsons at the conflict at Wagga Wagga explained as typical, doubtless, of the Armageddon battle and its extending to the Anti podes. — Communicated. Cultivation of the 'Tea Plant in Victoria. — The subject of the cultivation of tho tea plant in the sister colony of Victoria is beginning to attract attention. 'The possibility of successfully rearing it in these colonies as an article of com merce was lirst mooted in South Australia, and we believe that some few experiments have been tried there, but with what success wo have not liecn in formed. A Major Stcrndalc who has been for many years a resident in China and India has arrived in Melbourne with the intention of com mencing the cultivation of the plant in Victoria, and will start with a hundred aero plantation. It .is his intention to employ such Chinese as aro acquainted with iho-culturo, picking of the leaves, and their subsequent manufacture into a merchant able article. Major Storndale is of opinion that the climate of Victoria is well adapted for bis ex- ! poriment, and is sanguine of success. In Re Ryves and Rvves. — In our last issue we published the lir.-t portion of the curious pro ceedings in this case, in which the petitioners sought I to establish legitimacy under the Legitimacy j Declaration Act in the Court fur Divuico and j .Matrimonial Causes. There may probably bo | some interest attached to the fact that- one of the j family of tin; Ryves, wo cannot say whether a j lineal descendant of petitioners or not, was a few years ago in the new police force as a mounted j trooper, ami was stationed tit Lambing .-Fiat, lie ! left the force on contracting marriage, and was I recently in the service of Mr. J. 1). Macansli, at Cunningham Plains. He frequently mentioned tho circumstances of petitioners' case. The Late Case of Accidental Poisoning. — Wo were happy to learn that after tho medical treatment of .Mr. Win. Davis's child by Dr. Camp bell, no serious symptoms exhibited themselves, and the child has quite recovered. Stealing fro.m Clothes Lines.— It is a long time since there was any " snow-dropping" in this town, and wc were in hopes that those petty sneak ing thieves wlm were in tho habit of stripping clothes lines bad "cleared out." However, such does not appear to be the case, for during Wednes day night a quantity of underclothing end other articles left out' to dry at Mr. Allman's residence, at North VassT -was stolon, and on the same night the clothes lines at Mr. George Smith's farm, at Kurrajong, about a mile and a half from town, underwent the s une pmcc.-Li of stripping, in the case of the theft at Mr. Allman's there were four flowered muslin curtains on the line, only two of which wore taken, and some children's socks and other small articles left behind. Petty Larceny. — Un Tuesday evening, while the store of Messrs. Taylor and Co. was about being closed, one of Mr. Cohen's servants, standing at the door of her master's hotel, observed a well- known character in town, named James J!ehn, otherwise Jemmy tho Jew. cunningly sneak a California hat from a number which were hungup at tho doorway of the store, and make off. Infor mation having been given at Taylor's, the thief was followed, and the stolon hat found on bis bead, lie was brought before the court on Wednesday, but as there was only one magistrate present, aud 'the charge being within the Summary Jut isdictior. Act. the prisoner was remanded for a week. Reduction in Prick of Flour.— We notice that Mr. David Davis, of the Beehive Store, in this town, advertises Gotilburn made flour, lirst quality, at 23s. per 1 00 lbs., being at the rate of 1/. a ton less than as quoted at the mill. There appears to be a growing competition in the flour market -lioro just at the present timo, and which is in favour of the consumer. The Weather has ngain elenrod up. Severe frosts occur during the night, while the atmosphere in the day time is pleasantly warm. Dry weather is now much required, not only for the farmer but for those business people who have goods on tho road from Sydney. Wo have heard of several drays which, have been from three to five weeks on' their journey, much to the discomfiture of those who have property on them. The Workhouse Bill.— On Wednesday this bill was read a second time, passed through committee with amendments, and was to bo rend a third time last n: nt. Yass Penny Bank. — The following office bearers will attend at the Court-houso at the usual hour this evening Messrs. Taylor, Harper, and Waddoll. Chinese Immigration Repeal Bill. — Tho second reading of this bill, introduced by Dr. Lang, was rejected by the Assembly on Tuesday, by a majority of 18 to 10. Denominational Schools. — Wo extract tho following particulars from the report 'of the De nominational School Board for 1SG5. Church of Eiajland, Yass ; teacher. Mr. S. Petnbrookc. salary SIR, school fees, 117/. 5s. ; aggregate number of children on the roll during the year 1SG5, hoys, 89 ; girls, fit: j total, 155. Number of children on tho roll, 31st December, lSfi5, boys. 47 j girls, 38 ; total. 85. Average number in daily atteiujiineo, 18(55, boys, 42; girls, 27; total, 09. Ablo to pay fees. 73: unable, 12. Reading and writing, grammar and geography, with ease, boys, 2f"; girls, 23. History, boys, 10 ; girls, 10. Simple rules in arithmetic, boys, 31 ; givls, 22. Com- . pound rules, boys, 10; girls, 10. There is a good supply of books, apparatus, &c;„ and a proper supply has been furnished during tho yenr; the school buildings arc in a good state of repair ; thero is a master's residence and proper out build ings. The inspector visited on tho 13th November, 1805\. The numbers present at the inspection were, boys, 40 ; girls, 27 ; total, 07. Tho numbers on tho roll at the time were: boys, 48; girls, 32; total, 80. The school was hold that day, for the first time, in the new room. This is a well built and commodious stone structure, capable of accom modating 120 pupils with ease, it is well lighted and ventilated, but not yet furnished with fireplace nr stove. 'Two new out-nllices have been built. The old sohool-room is to be used .,s the teacher's dwelling-house. New furniture is being made. There is a good stock t:f books, maps, &e.; The organisation is Tail- at present, owing to want of suitable desks and forms. The discipline lair only ; much below former standards, after making due allowance for special circumstances of the day. 'I be teacher's wile and daughter and minister, aro the assistants. The state of the attainments is very fair in general ; Scripture history is not tip to the proper standard. 'The first division are-ad vanced in arithmetic, grammar, dictation and rend ing. lint the lowest division is not at all well attended to ; it should bo treated as un infant school. 'J'bc present master lias only been in charge a month, and is only acting master at ire- sent. It is but fair to the management and pro visions of this school to state that the wants men- tinned in the inspector's report have since been supplied, ami that the present teacher had only been inducted into office just previous to the in spector's examination. Jloman Catholic. Yass : Mr. H. II. Fiariuory; salary. 7.'/. ; school fees. SI/. Is. fid. ; aggregate number of children on the roll. ISii ): boys. h7 ; number of children on the roll 31st December, 18150 : boys. (52 ; average daily at tendance: boys. 40; able' to pay fees, 53 : unable, 4; read with ease. 13; write with ease, II ; gram mar ami geography, 43; history, 13; arithmetic (simple rules), 21; arithmetic (Compound rules), 27>- There is a good supply of hooks, apparatus, ike. ; a proper supply has been furnished during the year ; the state of repair of the school build ings is good ; tlii- ro is a master's residence stud outbuildings. Infant school : teacher. Miss llie- gins ; salary. (Ml /. ; school fees. 22/. 0s. 9d.. Aggre gate number of children on tie roil during 18155 : hoys, 2 : girls, Id. 'Total, 4 8. Number of child ren on tlic roil ,'!lst December. 18(55 : girls, 37; average number in daily attendance. 20 ; able to pay fees, 31 ; unable, 0 ; read with ease : girls, 25 ; write with ease, grammar and geography : girls. 18; history: girls, 7 ; arithmetic (simple and compound rules). 9. There is a good supply of books and apparatus, and has been furnished during the year. State of repair of tho school buildings is good, and there are out-buildings. Tit amfs.— The number iff young able-bodied men who have recently passed 'through the town in search of work lias exceeded anything of the kind known for more than twenty years past In conversation with some of these unfortunate follows wc have learnt that in many instances tlioy have come from the border of the colony, and in some casus from the furthermost parts of Victoria, and in their travels have been unable to obtain any kind of work whatever. Some of tho men tire mechanics, such as carpenters, smiths, plasterers, bootmakers, &c.;, but the bulk are of the labouring class generally. M'g have good reason for believing that somo of these poor fellows have undergone the disagreeables of a compulsory fast for four or live days together. They say there nre so many of their'class travelling in the bush that it is a difficult matter to obtain any assistance at the stations, the owners alleging that the cost of relieving strangers in search of employment is considerably greater than the whole expense of their establishments. As the season advances there will be more opportunities of procuring work, lambing, mowing, haymaking, sheepsliearing, and reaping will come oii in succession, but there can be no doubt that hundreds will have felt the pangs ot hunger before ilicy will be able to find employ ment. Lueoxgii.ly Gold Fiei.d. — Many have been tho attempts made to force Hurongilly on public at tention as a gold district, both as regards the alluvial aml'tbu quartz reel's, but up to tiie present time nothing has been obtained that, would entitle the place to tin; name of a payable g,. Id-field. A now I'u.-h was reported last week, hot from all we can bear ir. originate 1 with persons who bad a trade in terest in the d ggings, and who were apprehensive f.hat if a little " sensation " was notktq.uup the few miners who still linger about the place, aud who can not well quit it because they have wives and fami lies. would make an effort to pack up aud be off". We have repeatedly stated it as our opinion that although gold may be found in the valley of the Murrumbidgco it will not be shown to exist in pay able quantities, except possibly in small patches 'of laud some distance back from the present channel. The impetuosity with which the stream runs in limes of flood, and the certain fact that in bvgonc times the water occupied a greater breadth than it has dono in late times forbids all supposition that there are any rich deposits of gold over any great extent of land. Jt cannot be said that the 'locality lias bad no fair trial. The presence of the metal was ascertained when the diggings nt Lambin"- Flat were upon t.be warn;, and tin; idle miners thei-ewero but too glad to transfer their labours to a place that promised them a remunerative harvest. The best gold-fields in the colony were developed by no such extraneous agency as was brought to bear on Hurongilly ami the other auriferous ground about Guad.igai. and those who desire the prosperity of the district would further its interests best by en couraging tho settlement of an agricultural popu lation, for which the district is admirably suitable, rather than by holding out hopes of golden trcasuro which wo believe will never be realised. ' Caution to Foundkeefe as. — We (Wagga Wat/tja Express J would direct tiio attention of iill poumlkeepers to the following circular, which lins just been forwarded from tho Lands Department to the different Clerks of Potty Sessions throughout the country : — Department of Lands, Sydney. 3rd August, 1 811(5. Sir, — A question Laving arisen under the 21st section of the Impounding Act as to the propriety of the ponndkccpers paying over to the owners of impounded animals, wiiich may have been sold under their authority, the net pro ceeds of the sale of such animals. I ain directed by the Secretary for Lands to inform you that the lion. Solicitor-General lias declared his opinion that the different keepers of the public pounds have no power, under the section quoted, to pay over to anyone, except the Clerks of Petty Sessions, for transmission to the Treasury, the net 'proceeds of sales made by them. It would, therefore, nppoor in the printed form of return, to bo published monthly by the poundkeepers, ol the particulars of sales held by tlieni, the column headed " Paid to Owners" was erroneously inserted, and is in con travention, of the provisions of tho act. I an: ac cordingly to request that you will apprise tho poundkeepers of your district of the above opinion, and that it will bo their duty, in futuro, to pay over to you, for transmission to the Treasury, tho net proceeds of all sales held by them, inclusive of those held by the authority of.the owners. I have the honour, &c.;, Michael Fitzpatrick. — To the Clerk of the Bench. The Murder of Dr. Greenup. — At the Central Criminal Court, Sydney, on Tuesday last, beforo Mr. Justice Chceke, James Cameron was indicted for that he, on the 14th day of July last, at Par- ramatta, did of bis malice aforethought kill and murder one Richard Greenup. 'To this indictment the prisoner pleaded guilty. The Solicitor-Gen eral : Do you know the nature of your plea ? Pri soner: I hit him with the intention of murdering him, but I didn't see him die. The Judge: Did you know at the timeMmt you did the deed that you would be hanged for it ? Prisoner: Oh, yes. His Honor : lias the gaol doctor or anyono ex amine)! the prisoner P The Solicitor-General : Dr. Cox has, I believe. His Honor: Dr. Cox, linve you exnmincd tho prisoner? Dr. Cox: I have, your Honor, and I. believe lie is insane, and is a most dangerous lunatic. Prisoner: What I 1 never was insane in my life. It seems to bo a part of their system to keep mo under this Black Art practices. They seem to take a plcnsuro in torturing mc, and they want to keep me to prolong my misery. It seems tlmt the reputation of the faculty is at stake, nnd also the ecclesiastical Courts, and that's the reason they torture mo. His Honor: Do you wont to bo hanged P Prisoner: Well, perhaps that would bo an excuse for tliem to put me back ngain. Ilis Honor: Well, do you say you aro sano P If you are sane, and pload guilty, you will have to bo hanged, Prisoner: Well, 1 am not insane, sir: I never was in my ' lifo. His Honor: Do you still insist on your plen. knowing all its consequences P Prisoner : Yes, I do. His Honor : Lot tho plea of guilty be record ed. The Solicitor- ( ienera 1 : I hope your Honot will not take the prisoner's plea. 1 would ask your Honor to lot the caso stand over until to morrow. so that the question of his insanity may lie properly tried, mill also to give the prisoner timo to consider his plea. After some considera tion. Ids Honor said ho would not take tho plea which the prisoner had given, but would remand him until the following day. Tho prisoner was brought up again on Wednesday when lie pleaded not guilty, and the trial was proceeded with. Ha was undefended. At tho conclusion, on being asked if he 1 ia-1 anything to say to tho jury, lie then made a rambling statement in. which ho alluded to some remarks which be said lmd been made by Mr. Driver in the Legislative Assembly, in regard to lunatic asylums. Ho said he had been condemned by Bishop Gould nnd Bishop Willson for some un natural crime against the Church and State, and that lie had to go under the death ordeal for fifteen days. Ho .-aid that tho Government were all in a league in carrying out a piece of villany in re ference to benevolent institutions. The only thing that was wanted to send n man to a lunatic asylum was a doctor's certificate, which wouid keep tliem there a lifetime, in order that the officers mi"ht torture him. lie strongly protested that lie was not insane. When asked by his Honor if ho had any witnesses to call, lie said he would like to call Bishops Gould and Willson, and also Bishop Barker. Ilis Honor then summed up. and the jury retired, and alter an absence of about fifteen minutes re turned into court with a verdict of not guilty, on the ground ol insanity. Prisoner then began to mumble something that was inaudible, but was evidently dissatisfied with the verdict of the jury. His Honor then remanded the prisoner to his former custody during the pleasure of the Executive Council. — Sydney papers. The Cargo Brush Affair.— The last of the Bat-go Brush prisoners. James Smith alias Foley, was arraigned on Monday, for aiding to kill and murder oonstablo Raymond, at Bargo. on the 1 1th April. Ho pleaded not guilty, and petitioned the Judge to assign him counsel, as he was to be tried for his life, and was too poor to fee anyono. Mr. Driver happened to he the only attorney in court nt tho timo, and generously consented to look over the pri.-oner's case. He was remanded for a day or two. to enable Mr. Driver to look over the depositions - Empire. Henry Louis Beiitrand.— Mr. Windeyer made application, on Monthly before his Honor Mr. Justice Clieeko, that the prisoner Bertrand, now confined in Dnrlinghurst gaol, might bo put upon his trial at the present sittings of the Central Criminal Court. Mr. Witulever snid the applica tion was made under the 'Habeas Corpus Act, which stated that this application was required to lie made on the lirst day of tho second assize3 following the peiiod when the prisoner was incar cerated. so that, if the present sittings closed without Bertrand being placed upon his trial, ho should move that he be discharged from custody. Mr. Butler snid ho would consider the application as having been made on the lirst day of sittings, hut it would have to he renewed before either the Attorney or Solicitor-General some day during the week. His Honor said he, would make a record that the application had been made. — Empire. The New K C. Bishop of J delaide.— The Melbourne Herald ol Saturday says : — Tho con secration ol the newly-appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide will take place at St. Francis's Church on M rdnrsdnv morning, and tho ceremony will be of the most solemn ami grand description. The consecration sermon will he preached by tho Rev. Father Rower, of Dallaarat, and the Right Rev. Dr. Gould will he the consecrating bishop. The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of the llobart Town diocese: Dr. J J.n aill-ni. Bishop of tho Pacific Islands, the Viear-Geino al of tho Adelaide diocese, aud a large number of clergyman will assist at the ceremonial. One of Carl von Weber's grand masses will he performed with a full band and chorus; nnd, judging from the mariner in which the last groat work — Cunsolino's — was given, it will he very successful. Professor Hughes, tho | orgnriLt ot the church, .vill wield the baton. | Discovery of a Rich Quartz Reef.— Tho fol- j lowing letrer has been handed to us (Empire) for publication:— You will, no doubt, he very much pleased to hear this dull district is about to receive an impetus from a recent discovery, above Mar riott's. of a quartz reef. Mr. II. 'Wyndcr Graeo and myself took a ride out to see it, a distance ol fifty-eight miles from Bomhala, on tho Gipp3 Land ro.id. 1 am glad to say our labours were rewarded with success, insomuch that wo were shown a well-defined reef at a distance of sixteen feet deep; the reef is about twenty-one inches in width, nnd in every part were it is broken, thero can he discerned, by the naked cyo. golden specks more or less. The casing does not heat- gold from trials made, which, I am informed, is a sure indication of a payable quartz reef. , The Marriatt's sank four holes, more or less deep, and aro still continuing the labour. From hole to hole they trace the reef, which winds in and out north and south, sometimes inclining westerly ; and from each hole we obtained large pieces of quartz, crushed tliem, and brought satisfactory specimens home in our pockets. . ... 'The Ada wheol is going on satisfactorily. Wo shall have tho first washing on Monday week. With kind regards to all, in haste, —I remain, &c.; — George Hintry. Bomhala. August 7th. Stamp Duties Act. — Exemption of Widowers. — The billowing paper has been ordered by the Legislative Assembly to he printed : — Tho Treasury, Now South Wales, 9th July, 18GG. By tm omission in the schedule to tho Stamp Duties Act, husbands are liable to the payment of 10 per cent, upon all property to which they may become entitled on the death of their wives. The Treasurer, therefore, re commends for the approval of his Excellency the Governor and the Executive Council, that tho operation of the present Stamp Duties Act he sus4- pended, in so far as it relates to legacies and resi- I dues, or shares of residue, of any cstato or effects given or devolving to, or for tho benefit of the husband of a deceased wife, pending an application to be niado to Parliament for amending tho said act. Tho authority of his Excellency in Council 1ms nlready been given for a similar suspension of the act in the case of widows. Minute, 13th July, 1SGG— Confirmed, 20th July, 18GG, — for the reasons herein stntcd, the Executive Council advise that authority he granted for the suspension of tho " Stamp Duties Act," iu so far as it relates to the .payment of duty upon legncies and residues, or shares of residue, of any estate or effects given, or devolving to, or for the benefit of, tho husbnnd of a deceased wife, pending the sanction of tho Legislature to an amendment of the snid act. For " The Old Folks at Home." — A character istic anecdote is told by the Leader of a man named Carter, who has lately been imposing upon the charitably disposed people of Talbot. Up to five or six years ago. Carter's mother, who resides in Ireland, and according to all accounts is well connected, had frequently sent tho impostor sums of money varying from 10/. to 30/., but at length applications from her son for assistance became so numerous, that she was both unwilling and unable to comply with its requests, and in future ho must fight his battles with the world unaided by her. Carter, knowing that his mother was inexorable in any determination she arrived at, hit upon a cunning stratagem to re-open the mntornal purso. He obtained the assistance of a friend, who wrote a most pathetic letter to the mothor, informing her that her son was dead: nnd that his last instructions to the writer wero that be should communiciito with his mother, requesting her to send out u small sum of money ttPpurchaso a headstone for his grave. This dodge succeeded boyond the impostor's calculations. Tho mother sent a sorrowful letter to tho friend, asking for tho fullest particulars of the death of her son, and enclosing a draft of 30/. to purchase the headstono. The son and friend received the letter from tho post-office authorities, and marked their apprecia tion of maternal kindness by indulging in several days' sproo with the proceeds of the draft 1 . Siiookixo Affair at BATiiuitST. — A telegram to tho Herald, dated Bathurst, Tuesday, supplies the following": — Last night there was a terrible attempt at murder, followed by suicide, in George- jjtreot. The perpetrator wbh Thomas Higgios. who a little timo ago kept a puhlic-housnon the Ornngo road. He shook; hands with his brother-in-law, as tho latter was about leaving his house to "o to his own home, nnd then shot him in tho throat With a pistol. ITiggins then ran to his bedroom and fired a pistol at his own head, hut without effect. Seizing a double-barrelled gun. he held tho muzzle to his breast, with the stock in the air, and discharged the contents of one of the barrels in his body. Death was instantaneous. Hereditary insanity and private troubles wcro tho eau.ie. as Was elicited at the inquest to-day. Upon this tho substnnce of tho verdict was founded. Tho shot aimed by Higgius at his brother-in-law' passed completely through the left side of tlio.neek. but it is hoped has caused no vital injury. lie 'gave evidence at the inquest, nnd is expected to recover. Bt'SIIRANOING NEAR GUNDAGAI. — Oo.M.M ITTAt. Of TUB Prisoners.— At the Police Office. Gunda-mi. on the 10th instant, before the Police Magistrate and Dr. Davison. Patrick Gnteley nnd Patrick Lawler were charged with having, on the night of the 10th April, I860, robbed under arms thejiouse of Mr. Edward Keane, Coolae, and with having fired, at one Thomas Ryan with intent to kill him. Kyran Egan being duly sworn, gave the snmo evidence regarding the arrest of the prisoners as he deposed to before the Tumut bench on the occasion of their examination there. —Edward Keane deposed : I reside at Coolae, and keep an inn there : I remember the 19th April; my house was stuck up that night by two armed men: I was in the bar leaning on the counter : the smnller man of tho two came up and said, " bail up," nt tiic'samo time lie presented a pistol at mo: the taller man then came in and told the other that there was a man outside drunk: the short man said make him come in, or put some thing in him : the tall man went out again, and when he returned said that lie believed the man was drunk; the other then said leave him there: the short man told the otlier to searcl. those pre sent, which ho proceeded to do; he did not do it to tho satisfaction of the other, so tho latter then began to search the pockets of tho victims ; he searched my wife's pockets, and I remonstrated ; lie then pulled out two pistols and presented them at niv head and threatened to shoot me unless I stood bnckj the short man took sixteen shillings out of my wife's pockets, and some silver from "a person named Hurley : the shorter man then went into tho bed-room, and compelled Mrs. Keane to give up the cash-box, and took from it about 6/ j the short man then drew out five shillings, and snict he would shout lor all hands. Mrs. Keane drew a glass of liquor which one of the men present, named Thomas Ryan, took up and threw at the small man. This man then fired off one of his pistols at Ryan : Mrs Keane was stnnding behind tho counter at the time eloso to where I afterwards found the bullet ; when the shorter man fired lie said "stand hack, 1 11 drive a hole through that and lire, at the saino instant ; tho men in the dock resemble in height and figure those who stuck us un I cannot swear to tho men as they wore disguised 7,1 ')Ti. y!ioiilep;,SC'.1,:I "'asafc Ooolao tho J? I ., . ! ? f'1 APnI s w,lca I arrived there I "l'1' tllB P'ooo was stuck up hi" armed men one mot me on tho verandah and marched me inside, this man shouted for all hands and some liquor was put on tho counter of the bar in tumblers ; I tried to capturo tho smallest of the jobbers, but he escaped mo ; I then took up a tiijubier and threw it nt him, when instantly ho filed at me: I heard them speak before, and I hiH e heard them speak now ; I do not think thoy i liliM,tmCTi ll,0,uSl> lhB7 closely resemble them in height Ihe bench thought tfio evidence not sufficient to commit them for trial, and they were accordingly discharged. The same prisoners wcl-e the'frr" ' "st'c.lcl"K-"P at -South Gundngui on the 23rd June last, — Kyran JOgan deposed: I clmj-ged both prisoners at Gateley's with having. a ms \h ' 2rJ u ,,U"0 1,lSt' ,'ljb(-'d' 'ITldor urns, the premises of Mr. William Edwards lib- Ben Ureek, near South Gmulagiii.— William Ed wards deposed : I reside at Big Ben Creek, near her 2 in|Un| a"ail! \ ? fann Uiei'C ; 1 bor Juno last; on tho evening of that day. just after dark, my place was stuck-up by two armed men : ono man was shorter than tiio other 3," me." c,am1. »P t0 "iy house and asked loi mo ; I a as in the kitchen at the time ; hccamo up. and I asked him what ho wanted ; lie imme- then tnnl " 1 "aid 1 had noa« ! llO my pockets out and went into tho house ; lie took a largo quantity of wearing apparel, jewellery, and trinkets ; there was a deed box w hich the shorter man eould not open ; he brought f , ' i'0 mo a,'d tskod me to open it; I went rato tho house and opened it ; they wcro both dis- guised ; I never saw the taller man's .features at fllll thft niMa.Mmra /-> — i ».»') chink juwumuio mo men who Inl.i \vq|ac "J5, . cannot swear to them. —John Withers deposed: I reside at South Gun- dagai, near William Edwards's; I was at his P a .8IX, 0r sovon W0ek3 aS". when the pluco than tlm tl'Pi f the hv men was shorter other; tho shorter man came to me as I was leaving the house and said, rabbin" his hands, and said, " is Bill in ?" meaning Edwards wentP?nto t) i yU'1' r'"d him in'sido' 1 tllu" "vent n n i' i'"', 1 Profently I came back and W at ll i ,tC C" ' the t!lllur 1111111 was stand ing tho door; I positively swear that tho shorter ol" Mr'Vl10 l th|C rl0n Vmt BtuckuP ll'e house i o fianiu T'i M v, n'sllt : 1 saw »wc-nrms in Jie of both robbers ; the shorter man came and rubbed mo down to see if 1 had anything in my pockets ; ho found nothing there, nnd went as 'rlfSC ' kltcllon 13 a detached building ; the shorter man was coming along a passage in the house facing the kitohon with a candle in hand, the covering was off his face, and I saw his fea tures distinctly. Tho benoh after a Bhort delibcra- Gunrl0""1" t o Prisoncrs for trial at tho next Ztt TuSs Sessl0ns' on November 5th.- EsTnuATMENT op SURETIES. — John Bellamy who was on bail under a charge of receiving a quantity of stolen jewellery. &c.;, nnd who, it may hnnrT 6 u ow t,1<3 bos of jewellery over board when on tho vessel which vras bringing hm.from Newcastle to Sydney, under escort rninni nPOT1) ?n Monday bY 'be Clerk of the Cri minal Court to surronder. Bellamy could not bo found, and his Honor gavoaD order for his sureties to bo estreated. — Empire. .Holloway's Oi.vt.ment and PiELs.— Diseases of the most formidablo and chronio characters JSL rTi Holloway's remedies. Ulcer- anv otlicr I Proved themselves incurable by known moans have healed kindly under «c»n n/y'ng and regenerating influence of this ointment. Sprains, stiff joints, contract ed muscles, and glandular swellings can bo most surely nnd effectively treated by Holloway's obT Mrcnm P ' S -"I om do n0 harm Under any anvTnlTr; -Neith.er .of theso medicaments has p«nnf' n v0U3 ln lts composition ; both aro nature streuetbening in their nature, tho combined power of those nnhln mjuedjes enables them successfully to cope with most descriptions of injuries, and to cure! oTat least relievo, most varieties of disease. 