OYSTERS* Our attention has been drawn to an article on oysters in a number of the Comhill Magazine. This London monthly, to the surprise of the reading world; has not been wrecked by the death of Thackerav. however severe the Hnw this lamented occurrence occasioned it. It maintains its reputation, and one of the secrets of its success may be -found in the care and research displayed throughout the article now before our notice. The paper is intensely a practical one, in every way suited to the age, and just the one well calculated to afford pleasing interest to those of our readers concerned in the development of the oyster. In one or two brief notices which have appeared in our columns, we referred to the plan of oyster ?- ??' culture instituted by an intelligent Frenchman — M. Coste. This gentleman, at the instigation of the French Govern ment, made a voyage of exploration round the coasts of France and Italy, in order to inquire into the condition of the sea fisheries. The oyster beds of France had become so exhausted from over-dredging as to be unpro ductive, and the people were in de spair at the loss of their favourite shell-fish. At this crisis M. Coste ap peared, and the following throws some light on his proceedings : — We presume, indeed we know, that it is to the ancient industry carried on in the lake of Fusaro, a piece of water in the bay of Naples, that M. Coste was indebted for his inspiration in the matter of oyster culture, for the art of cultivating this mollusc is still carried on in that classic locality. The breeding' of oysters was a business pursued with great assiduity duang what may, without impropriety, be called the gastronomic age of Italy — the period when Lucullus kept a stock of fish valued at fifty thousand pounds sterling, and Scrgius Orata iuvented tbe art of oyster culture. There is uot a great deal known about this ancient gentleman, except that it is prettycertainhewasanepicureof most refilled taster the 'master of luxury' he was called. While standing his trial for using the public waters of Lake Luerinus for. his own private uses, his advocate Lncinus Crassus said that tbe revenue officer who prosecuted Orata was mistaken if he thought that gentleman would dispense with his oysters, even if he was driven from the Lake of Luorinus ; for rather than not enjoy bis accus tomed luxury, he would grow them on the tops of his houses ! Lake Fusaro, interesting as tbe first seat of oyster culture, is the Acheron of Virgil. It is a black volcanic-looking pool of water about a league in circumference, which lies between the site of the Lucrine lake used by Orata and the ruins of the town of Cumae, and is still extant, being eren now, as we have said, devoted to. the highly profitable art of oyster farming, and yield ing (by report) from this source an annual revenue of about twelve hundred pounds. This classie sheet of water was at one time surrounded by the villas of wealthy Romans, who frequented the place for the joint benefit of tbe sea-water baths and the shell-fish commissariat which had been established in tbe two lakes (Avernus and Luc rine). The mode of oyster-breeding at this place, then, as uow, was to erect artificial pyramids of stones in the water, surrounded by stakes of wood in order to intercept the spawn, the oysters being laid down on the stones. Faggots of branches were also used for collecting the spawn, which requires, within twenty-four hours of its emission, to secure a speedy holding-on-place, or be lost for ever. The plan of the Fusaro oyster-breeders struck M. Coste as being eminently practical and suitable for imitation. He had one of the stakes pulled up, and was gratified to find it coveted with oysters of all ages and sizes. Tne system of cultivation that had been so long and successfully carried on at Lake Fusaro was, with oue or two slight modifications, strongly recommended by the French -3overn- roent to the people as being the most suitable to follow, and experiments were at once entered upon with a view to prove whether it would be as practicable to cultivate oysters among the agi tated waves of the open sea as in tbe quiet waters of Fusaro. In order to settle this point, it was determined to renew the old oyster beds of tbe Bay of St. Brieuc, and immediate, almost miracu lous, success was the result. The fascines laid down soon became covered with spat, and branches were speedily exhibited at Paris and other places containing thousands of young oysters. The experiments in oyster' culture tried at St. Brieuc were commenced, early in the 6pring of 1859, on part of a space of three thousand' acres. A quantity of breeding oysters, approaching to three millions, was hud down either on the old beds or on newly constructed longitudinal banks; these were sown thick on a bottom composed chiefly of immense quantities of old shells, the *' middens' of Cancale in fact, where tbe shell accumulations bad become a nuisance, so that there was a more than ordin-1 ary good chance for the spat finding at once a proper holding-on-place. Then again, over some of the new banks, fascines of boughs were sunk and chained over the beds, so as to intercept any portion of the spawn that was likely opon its rising to be carried away by tbe force of the tide. In less than six months the success of the opera tions in the Bay of St. Brieuc was assured, for at the proper season a great fall of spawn had occurred, and the bottom sheila were coveted with the spat, while the fascines were so thickly coated with young oysters that an estimate of 2Q,QGbifot each fascine was not thought an exaggeration. * ?llteCorwfttgllaqaginc.JaiimrF.ieHBifentfl!, gMrr *;r' , Co., London. ' ? ' * ~'^^S?*.3L*;r** Iii addition to. the experiments of the ?Bay of St. Brieuc, it appears that the culture of the oyster had been successfully commenced on another part of the French coast. On the lie de Re, near la Rochelle, | 'in the Bay of Biscay, oyster .farming had t commenced a year before the St. Brieuc experiments. The He de Re, now cele- , brated for its oyster growing, was np to ; 1858 known but in common with many other places for its vine culture. There are now four thousand parks npon its shores. Its inauguration as an oyster settlement was somewhat curious. A stone- j mason, known by the name or sobriquet, of Beef, was the author. This shrewd fellow had been thinking of oyster ] culture simultaneously witU Professor Coste, and ; wondering if it could be carried on on those i portions of the public foreshore that were left dry by the ebb of the 'waters. He determined to try the experiment on a small scale, so as to obtain a practical solution of his ''idea,' and with this view he^nclosed a small portion of the foreshore by building a rough dyke about eighteen inches in height, and in this park he laid down a few bushels of ovsters, placing amongst them a quantity of large stones which he gathered out of the surrounding mud. His initiatory experiment was so successful, that, in the course of a year, he was able to sell £6 worth of oysters, from his park. This result was of course very encouraging to the enterprising mason, especially as the oysters went on growing while he was at work at his own proper business. Elated by the profit of his experiment, he proceeded at once to doable the siz* of his park, and by that means more than -doubled his coinmeree, for in 1S61 he was able to dispose of upwards of £20 worth of his oysters, and that without impoverishing in the least degree his breeding atock. ? He still con tinued to increase the dimensions of his park, so that by 1862 his sales had increased to £40. As might have Leen expected. Beet's neighbours had been carefully watching his experiments, altering occasional sneers no doubt at his enthusiasm ; but, for all that, quite ready to go and do likewise ?whenever the success of the industrious mason's experiments became sufficiently developed to show that they were profitable. Alter Beef had demonstrated the practicability of oyster farming, the extension of the system all over the fore shores of the island was rapid and effective, so j much so that two hundred beds were conceded previous to 1859, while an additional five hundred beds were speedily laid down, and in 1860 large quantities of brood were sold to the oyster farmers of Marennes for the purpo&e; of being manufactured into green oysters in their claires on the banks of the Sendre. The first sales, after cultivation had besome general, and aui-uatel to £?126. In the season of 18S0-61, the oysters sc5d brought the sum of £321, and next season the sum reached in sales was upwards of £500 ; and these moneys, be it observed, were for very young oysters, because, from an examination of the dates, it will at once be seen that the brood had not had time to grosv to any great size. So rapid indeed has been the progress of oyster culture at the lie de Re that its foreshore?, which were formerly a series of enormous and unpro ductive mud banks, are now covei-ed with p irks and claires. There is only one drawback to these and all other sea-farms in France: the fanners, we regret to say, are ouly ' tenants at will,' and linble at any moment to be ejected ; bat, notwith standing this disadvaistag \ the work of oyster culture has gone bravely forward, and it is ca'culated, in spite of the bad spatting of thi last three years, that that: is a stock of oy&iers; i'.i the beds — accumulated in only six ysars — ot Ihe value of upwards of £103,000, which in smother year or so will ba doubled ! The reader is not, however, to suppose but that much hard work had to be endured belore sutli a scene of industry could be thoroughly organised. When the jjreat success of B^efs experiments h id teen proclaimed in the neighbourhood, a little army of agricultural labourers came down from the interior of the country and took possession of the shores, portions of which were conceded to them by the French Government at a nominal rent of about a franc a week. Th-J most arduous duty of these men consisted in clearing off the mud which lay on the shore in lar^e quantities, and which is fatal to the oyster in its early stages. Next the rocks had to be blasted in order to get stones for the construction of the park walls : then these h^d to be built ; foot-roads had also to be arranged for the convenience of the farmers, and carriage-ways had likewise to be made through the different farms. Ditches had to be contrived to carry off the mud, the parks had to be stocked with breeding oysters, and to be kept carefully free from the various kinds oi sea animals that prey upon the oyster, and many other daily duties had to be periormed that de manded the minute attention of ihe owners. Hut all obstacles were in time overcome, and some oi the breeders have been so very success? ul of late years as to be offered 'a stna of £100 for the brood attached to twelve of tbeir rows of stones, the cost of laying these dawu being about 200 francs ! The following are authentic statistics of the oyster industry of the Island of Re, when only in the fourth year of the venture : — Parks for collecting spawn and Breeding 2,421 Fattening i'ourts {Claires) . . . . 833 . Supposed Number of Oysters in Parks 74,242.028 Aggregate Number in tlie Claires .. 1.02 j.2.-:2 Revenue of rhe Parks ? 1,046,330 francs Hevenueof theClnires ? 4-,oi5 ' Hectares of Ground in Parks and Claires 1 40 Proprietors of Beds ? l,~w But more interesting even thin the material success that has attended tlie introduction of this industry into the Island of Re is the moral succt-ss that has accompanied the experiment. Excellent laws have been enacted, by the oyster I rraers themselves, for the government of ihjir peculiar Industry. A kind of parliament has oeen devised for carrying on arguments as to ouster culture, and to enable the four communities into which the population has baen divided to communicate to each other suih information as may be found useful lor the general good oJ all engaged in oyster farming. Three delegates from each of the communities are elecied to conduct the gene ral business, and to cqinmuuicate with the Department of Marine when necessary. A small payment is made by each person, as a contribu tion to the general expense, whilst each division of the community employs a special watchman to guard the crops, aud see that all goes on with propriety and good faith. Although each of the oyster farmers of Re cultivates his park or claire for his own sole profit and advantage, he most willingly obeys those general laws that have been 'e'uaeted for the good of the cominuuity. IVom. this we sbould say that M. Beef has conferred lasting benefit on his island Lome, and that his kinsmen have every cause to hold the name of Beef in sweet remembrance. We have some insight, too, on the condition of the oyster colti Tators of the river*. Sendre, where the art ,of ffiJsi^llture is b|p.no means forgotten: — The-oyster farmers of the river Seudre are also happy and prosperous, many of them having finer bouses than they know how to use. r ?The women not only share the prosperity ot tnWr husbands, but assist ftiem in their Urgktgr labours, such as separating and arranging tile oysters previous to their being placed in the claires. It is also their dnty to sell the oysters, and for this purpose they leave their homes about the end of August, and proceed to a particular town, there to wait and dispose of such quantities of shellfish, as their husbands may forward to them. In^fcis they resemble the fishenvomen of other countrijfc Tb» Scottaskfishwives do all the financial vRinese connected with the trade carried on by their husbands. It is the men's duty to capture the fish only : the moment they come ashore their duties cease, and those of their wives and daughters begin in the sale and barter of the fish. . The French Government has done its j part to facilitate the extension of oyster culture. \- The French Government has set np model farms in order to give a practical demonstration ; ot the best ways of carrying on the industry, and I it has appointed vessels from its navy to the task j of watching and protecting the farms. The | Government farms are intended to demonstrate j all questions connected with the mode of cultiva- i tion. Experiments are constantly being made as ; to the best way of collecting the spawn, and of : fattening the oysters. In the Bay of Areachcou, j for iustauce, may be seen great rows of Govern- j ment fascines, like small houses, the space ! between being filled in with tiles and stones, and above these are suspended various inventions for spawn collecting in the shape of utoveable floors aud roofs of tiles, while all around lie scattered great quantities of old shells ready to do duty in the way of collecting such spawn as may not adhere to the other apparatus. As an example of i the fituess of these modes of securing the young, | it may be stated that as many as a thousand j oysters have been counted on one tile. There is ; an excellent imperial park of tlie exemplar kind j at Concarneau : it is Mtuatcd in a creek called - the Bale de la Foret, and was formerly occupied i as an oyster farm by a private person. The site j of the establishment is thought to be mo.it i favourable to the growth of the oysters, as a j feeding stream of fresh water flows into the beds, j which occupy a space of about thirty imperial j acres, and the chief business of thess parks is to , raise aud cultivate brood to stock the parks of ? such as are begiutiinir oyster farming. Fhe group j of parks in this baie nave taken four years to j complete, and we have no doubt they will be of grjat use both in serving as models lor private breeders, and as depots lor the sale of the best kinds of brood. The interesting notice before us does not confine itself to operations on tlie coast of j France. There are oyster farms on the j English coast in Kent and Sussex, held j chiefly by joint-stock companies. Pros- j perous these seem to be, and quite romantic ' in their way. One of the beds, we are told, is called ' the happy hunting ground' of J. F. Cooper : — At Whitstable, Paversham, and adjoining water farms, not counting the large surface granted to a newly-formed company, a space of Iweiity-seveu square iniies is taken up in oyster culture, and the industry carried on in this piece of ground involves the gain and expenditure of a very large sii:n of money yearly; 3,000 people are employed, who earn capital wages all the year round — the sum paid for labour by the various companies being set down at over £160,000 per annum, and in addition to this expenditure for wages, a large sum is of course required lor the repairing and purchasing of boats, sails, dredges, &c;, &c.; The course of work at Whitstable is much as follows : — The business of the company is to feed oysters for the London and other markets; for this purpose they buy brood or spat, and lay it down in their beds to grow. When tb.3 company's owu oysters produce a spat, that is, when the spawn or ' floatsonie,' emitted Ironi their own beds, falls upon their own ground, so much the better ; but this falling of the spat is in a great dagive accidental, us no rule can be laid down as to whether the oysters will spawn in any par ticular year, or where the spawn maj- be carried to. No artificial contrivances hava hitherto been u-ed at Whitstable for the saving of the spawn. We must now explain, before going further, the ratio of growth. While in the spat state it is calculated that a bushel measure will contain 25,000 oysEers. When the sp.iwn is two years old it is called brood, and while in this condition j a bushel measure will hold, 5,500. Iu the next I s;;*ge of growth, oysters are called ware, and it j takes about 2,000 to fill thi? bushel. In the tii.al, j or oyster stage, a bushel contains 1,500 indivi- j duals. Very large sums have been paid in some i years by the Whitstable company for brood with which to stock their grounds, great quantities being collected from the Essex side; and a large number of peopla derive a comfortable income by collecting oyster brood on the public foreshores, and disposing of it to persona who have private oyster nurseries or ' layings,' as these are locally called. The grounds of Pout — an open water sixteen wiles long by three broad — are particularly fruitful in spat, and free to all. About one hundred and fifty boats with crews of three or four men find constant employ ment upon it in obtaining young oysters, which are sold to the neighbouring oyster farmers, although it is certain that the brood thus freely obtained must have floated out of their own oyster beds. Tue price of brood is often as high as 40s. per bushel, aud it is the sum obtained over this cost price that must be looked to for the paying of wages aiid the realization of profits. The beds of Whitstable are ' worked' with great industry, and it is the process of ' working that im proves the Whitstable oyster so much bej-ond those found on the natural beds, which are known as ' commons,' in contradistinction to the bred oysters which are called ' natives.' These latter are justly considered to be of superior flavour, although no particular reason can be given for their being so. Indeed, iu many instances they arc not natives at all, but a grand mixture of all kinds, brood being brought from Preston- Paus and Ketvhaven iu the Frith of Forth, and hom many other places, to enrich the stock. The so-called native oysters — and the name is applied to all that are bred in the estuaries of tlie Thames — are very large in flesh, succulent, and deli cate, and fetch a much higher price thau any other oyster. The beds of natives are all situated on the London clay or on similar formations. There can, however, be no doubt that the difference in flavour aud quantity of flesh is produced by the system of transplanting and working that is rigorously carried on over all the beds in the estuary of the Thames. Every year the whole extent ot the layings are gone over aud examined by means of the dredge. Succes sive portions are dredged over day by day, and iff may be said that almost every individual oyster is examined once a year. On the occasion of these examinations the brood is detached from the cultch, double oysters are separated, and all kinds of enemies (and these are very numerous) are siczed upou and killed. It requires about eight men per acre to work the beds effectively. During three days a week, dredging for what iB called the ' planting' is carried on, that is, the transference of the oysters from one place to another, as may be thought suitable for their growth, and also the removing of dead ones, the clearing away of mussels, and so on. On the other three days of the week, it becomes the duty of the men to dredge for the London market. A bell is carried round asd rung every morning to rouse the dredgers, and, at a given signal, all the men start to do their portion of the work. There is usually a prescribed task, or 'stint,' as it is locally called, that is, a certain quantity of oysters to procure of a shapely, sizeable condition, all others being thrown back to the sea, the small and nice-looking ones to wait till their beards be grown, the old and ugly ones to repeat the story of their birth. The business of the Whitstable Oyster Company is managed, and managed well, by a jury of twelve, and the shares or privileges of the company can jfjnly be held by the free dredgermen, a society into wffich there is only one way of admission, namely, by birth.' A man's interest in the concern ends by his death, but, if married, the widow is entitled to a pension. The Whitstable *fcotnpauy have a fleet of boats, consisting of dredging smacks, and carrying hoys — for they still carry on* thje old fashion of sending their oysters to Billingsgate by the Thames, they do not use the railway — which is valued at £20,000, and their lying stock of oysters' is thought to be worth at least £200,000. The writer brings us up the estuary of the Thames, noticing several oyster com panies on the way, and lands us, per the Great Northern, we suppose, in ' the land of Cakes,' where he finds cause to lament j the providence of the Scottish oystermen. ; He evidently forgets that since Ylfb. John son's time at least, the ' oats-eater' thinks i he has better fish to fry. The Frith of Forth may, without exaggeration, be said to be one great oyster-bed ; yet oysters are becoin* ing yearly more difficult to obtain in Edinburgh. The oyster-beds of the Frith of Forth extend for a length of twenty miles, that is, from an island called Inch Muckra to Cockenzie, aud at some places the beds are nearly three miles iu breadth, the quality of the oysters being remarkably fine. The fishermen, although they hold these beds from the superiors at a merely nominal rent, do nothing iu the way of add ing to their natural productiveness by culture or cleaning. Five or six: millions of oysters are taken out of the Forth every season, aud this draught on the banks — coupled with the fact that in some years little or no spawn is emitted, and that the mortality ; among the young is very severe — it is thought, is j now attaining a figure above the ratio of increase, j When we have told that an oyster is thought to yield from one to two millions of young, it may sound improbable that a draught ou the banks of six millions a year should be dangerous to the productive ness of the beds; but although sill kinds of shell-fish are remarkably fecund, it must be borne in mind that the mortality incidental to sea We is euorinous, and there are animals that, according to the dredgers, devour the spat as sailors do pea-suupj and, as we have already stated, if the spawn does not speedily attain a coigne of vantage to which it can cling, it is for ever lost. Even the salmon with its superior protective advantages, scarcely yields one presentable table fish for each thousand eggs that are spawned. The Edinburgh oyster betls, which are held from the Corporation aud the Duke of Buecleu^h, at a total sum of £35 per annual, are managed by the society of free fishermen of Newliaven. Tiie best oysters arc found on the beds belonging to tlie Duke of tiuccleugti, but unfortunately they are not aiknveJ to lie a proper time so as to come to maturity aud reproduce, iu consequence of there being too many boats engaged in the dredging. They number no fewer thau from fifty to seventy in all, and the daily takings of each boat vary much, ranging from 1,200 to 2,50'J : they are usually disposed of at tlie hoa t's side, at prices varying from l'Jd. to 3s. per hundred — thirty-two being added to each hundred — as is customary among fishermen. Very fine oysters are brought from Preston- Pans, a little fishing- place about eight miles from Edinburgh. These are known as ' pandoras,' and their praises have been celebrated by Christopher Xorth and other celebrated gastrono mers. They are said to derive their fine flavour from the refuse water escaping from the salt pans, and they used to be taken close to these establishments, hence their name of ' pan-doors.' The beds at this part of the Forth are also greatly neglected, so far as any kind of cultivation is concerned, and we regret to see that large quantities of brood are being daily dredged for the yurpo.se of feeding the oyster beds iu the estuary of the Thames. Upon the last occasion of our inspecting these beds no less thau a hundred barrels of oyster brood were in course of being despatched to the beds of Whitstable and neighbour hood, so that next year, or next again, the Londoners will, iu all probability, be feasting on the pandore ' natives' of Preston-Pans. Just so. The Scotch send their oysters where they send tha pick of the beef — to the best market. They make it a question of ' bawbees,' and appear to be in suicidal haste to gather them. But tlie author is not so uncharitable as to leave us among the heather and the ' blue' bells.' He next affords us a glimpse of oyster pro gress in the Emerald Isle. We are pre pared for him there, for tlie Irishman's caricaturers, whose name has been, still is, and probably alvrays will be, legion, have not allowed the oyster to escape them, in their gratuitous dealings with, the unfortu nate Irishman. Close to fciie very spot where lately the patriotic Irishmen — albeit ' iu verdure clad' — uncovered a pretty statue of the ' bo-.vld' and rabid Dan. O'Conncl!, occurred the well-known slang-fight be tween the Agitator and the oyster- woman. The pride of Erin was then in las scliool boy-days, and pitched tlie old dame hors de combat by a ludicrous application of old Euclid's definitions. Yet it appears the people of Ireland had fallen behind some what in oyster-rearing and oyster eating : — It is pleasing to note that the Irish people are be coming iu some degree alive to the productive powers of their seaboard, aud that licences for the formation of oyster beds on various parts of the coast are con stantly applied for ; so large a space as 5,0-iO acres, extending over the shores of ten counties, having been granted by the Fishery Commissioners to twenty six different persons for the purposes of oysterfarm ing. What is wanted in the sister isle is ' a public opinion' on the subject of the fisheries; this, Mr. Redmond Barry, who has kindly sent us a great budget of information is labouring to create. As regards the Irish oyster fisheries, it is curious to note that, although the Irish ' natives' had at one time a very bad reputation, all the great banks have been cleaned out by over fishing. The celebrated Carling ford beds are cxli-justed, so are the many beds of Sligo, as also the oyster banks of Clare ; on the far famed Tralee beJs there is not even the ghost of a shell to be found, while some of the remaining1 beds are being so rapidly exhausted by the transportation of the voung oysters to the English banks, that iu a short time they, too, will be without a single oyster. As much as £6,000 have been paid for brood at certaiu of the Irish fisheries, and this was shipped away to be fed as natives in the Thames. A cele brated Thames oyster farmer who has largely surveyed the Irish coast, is ot opinion that it contains many fine spots for the laying down of oyster beds, and that a very large commerce might be carried on, if not in oysters for cons-iuiption, at #uy rate iu brood, for the Thauie oyster companies. We have already occupied considerable space with our extracts, but there is one yet we must make, and one which perhaps is of the greatest interest to all. What do our readers think of a 'tasting Ex hibition !' In order that a proper judgment might be come to as regards the flavour and quality of French grown oysters, a tasting exhibition was recently held by the Acclimatization Society of Paris, when a great number of different growths were criticized. The oysters were all opened on the deep shell, and were not touched % spoon or fork, but were sucked into the inouth, which is the proper way to eat them, and had no condiment other than their own sauce. . We need not go over the names of the localities preferred ; suffice it to say, that great praise was bestowed on j this new phase of French industry, aud on M. Coste \- for its development. To those of our readers who would desire such an opportunity to form 'a proper judgment,' we recommend a trip to Albany. 