ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. NATTY KNUCKLES. ON THE LATEST 8PARKING MATCH. To the Editor of the Tbowoomba Chronicle. Dear Mr. Kditor.— I sco two gentlemen aro now 'going to loggerheads about mderraaoio ' honours — tho nino pounder and tho literary pub. Woll, let 'om firo away, tho mora tho Dotter, so long as 'they confine themselves to facts ' pro bouo publico. They aro too olu stagers to lot the bilo riso abovo boiling point, and aro nob likely to follow in tho wakoof tho Corsicaa Brothers, to prick with tho rapier, .rauoh los3.-to have their ghosts. follow after tkom. If thoy were, what a lark 'twould ho to seo -the 'strati spiriti/ one as knight of hamtuor, and the other personified in a big beer barrol. No, no ; at most 'twould bo a jucl'in a sawpit, and coffco for two. Joking apart, altho' nobody exactly likes to pay tho piper for tho nioc-poundcr's resignations, still, I think it camo with rather bad grace from the pub. to kick a man whon down, and es pecially after the nico littlo job in adorning the Queen's Arms by a neat gravel walk, by his excellent patrons and friends tbo K.9C., and T.13. These, however, aro only, littlo matters to smilo at. Kissing will go by favour in spito of all legislation ; and favouritism will occur-now and again amongst tho best regulated families. Still, it docs look queer that tho .gravel path should havo come bo conveniently to tho Queen's Itoyal House. Oh, I forgot, let's bo charitable, 111 bo bound 'twas purely out of honour to her Majesty. Well, Natty will inform bis Sovereign of tho rich step of loyalty. By gad, if she's got a spark of grati tude about her, she'll make the two of 'cm Knights of the Garter, and that'll bo a mighty sight higher honour than the title next year in prospective of tho most .Worshipful tho Mayor of Toowoomba. Of our littlo Parliament Houso nows thcro is not much to mention, except tho awkward threats of summonses for the poor divils who aro willing but can't pay up. Let's hopo tho Mayor and his Secretary will think' twice boforo they distress tho fatherless/ the mother less, &.Q., &o.f; &Q.t; in these very bard iimes. Bather let 'em pass a bye-law to tax all bache lors in single blessedness (?) ofr else get up a . bachelors' ball to raise the wind. A fund out of Torpsiohoro would bo a precious sight better than & miserable fund squeezed out of penury. 'Twould bavo a doublo objoct ; 'twould givo our bright-cyea venuscs, sighing for husbands, tbo cbanco of a visit to tho altar of Hymen with our di6coosolato Adonis', and having an oyo to business, which you ought to have, sco tlio marriages and births that would follow. Besides, look at the roaring trade 'twould drive for Weisonburg's wedding rings. Bird's cokes, Howoll's 'pots and pans, Mcln tyro's sarsenets, Dimmer and Go.'s satins, Conroy's cordials, Skillicorn and Co.'s saddles of mutton, Won- derley's odonto, and other specifics, &c.; Why, in tlicso dull times, .a few spicy, weddings jiYould bo salvo to tho eyesight, and tho music of church bells would mako us all as merry as crickets. Yours to command, . . NATTY. KNUCKLES 