METBOPOLITAN SPRING RACE MEETING, 1866.— THE DERBY DAY. IPHOSI THE 8 SI. HERALD, SEPTEMBER 1.1 Patron : His Excellency Sir John Young, Bart., K.C.B., G.C.M.G., &o.; President: The Hon. E. Dens Thomson, C.B. Vice-Preaident : Alfred Cheeke, Esq. Judge and h«ndioapper : Mr John Lackey. Treasurer: Mr John Da V. Lamb. Starter : Mr W. G. Henfrey. Stewards : The hon. E. Deas Thomson, the hon. Sir W. M. Manning, Mr Richard Jones, Mr J. F. Downes, Mr W. M. Busby. Hon secretary and clerk of the course : Mr Buohan ThomsoD. The opening day of the Metropolitan Spring Race Meeting, at Randwick,- was in every sense a suc cess. Tha unsettled weather of the two previous days, and the gloomy overoast sky of Saturday morning, oaused mnoh anxiety to the promoters of the meeting; butos tho forenoon of the Derby day advanced, the Bun broke through the clouds, and a beautiful afternoon was the result. The attendance on the course was large, much larger than was an ticipated, tho dull times and wcarcity of money being considered. It was oertainly not so large as upon the great Champion race day of tho past, or on one or two other great occasions, but it was fully as large as it usually is upuu an ordinary race day. The road to the course, too, was in a better condition than it has beon for several meetings past. It has been renaired in RAVRrnl nlnnno ur,ri roitU fV»a rtv_ ceptious of two or three short patches of rough ground, the road is all that could be deRired. Tho rain that fell on Thursday was snffloient to thoroughly lay the dnst, bnt not sufficient to liquify it into mud ; there was, therefore, but little matter for complaint in regard to the road, either with respect to vehicles or pedestrians. His Excellency the Governor, and Lady Yonng, acoompanied by Miss Dalton and Lord John Tay lour, arrived at Randwick early in the afternoon, and were received by the officials of the Jockey Club ; and, upon making their appearance on that part of the grand stand set apart for the Governor and suite, the band struck up the National Anthem, and the whole of tho people on tho stand rose and remained uncovered until the vioe- regal party had taken their seats. That portion of tho stand devoted to the members of the Jockey Club and their friends was occupied by a large number of the elite of Sydney, the gay toilets of the fair visitors imparting a gay and cheerful aspect to tue scene. _ Rttfreshments were supplied, as usual, to the fisitors to the grand stand, by Mr W. J O'Brien, the enterprising proprietor of TatterBall's Hotel ; who also provided an excellent luncheon for the. members of the Jockey Club and their friends, and another for tho general public. We must not omit to mention another little matter, whioh contributed materially to the con venience of the vi8iU-r», naiDBlj, tu« mto cartbor rather race books. All the necessary information respecting tho names of the horses, the colors of the Jockeys, weights to be carried, abd the general conditions of each race ib oompiled and printed in a convenient pamphlet form, that could be carried m ths waistooat pocket. Opposite the printed con ditions ol eaoh raoe a Wank page iB left for memo randa ; and four blank leaves are perforated in lines, crossing eaoh other at right angles, thus dividing eaoh leaf into eighteen sweepstake tickets, the size of a ponuy stamp, eoveuty-two in all. It only remains for us to state that the main feature of tho nmusementB waa of the same oharaoter as the conoomitants— almost unsxception ably good. There were eeven starters for the Trial Stakes, six for the Derby St. Leger Handicap, aix for the Derby, four for the Iukeepora' Stakes, and ttu for the Epsom handicap. Warwick, The Gift, and Bulgimbar were tha csly horses backtd for the Trial Stakes, Warwick being the moat fancied. The race was a good one, but just before, thu finish Ashwonh let out hia horse and took the ' yellow and black upon Warwick to the front, and thus accorded victory No. 1 to Mr Tait. The next raoe on tho oard, the Darby bt. Lieger Handicap, was not regarded as a certainty either for Tim Whiffler or Varroville, as Guluare was re ported to have gone wrong, and it was pretty generally believed that nothing else in the race could paoe with Tim Whiffler exoept Varroville, who was ns yet untried. Gulnare, however, appears to havo re covered in a most surprising manner, as she went '.o the front on tba fall of tbe flag, kept in front to tho finish, and was, in faot, never asked to raoe. As, the end of the first mile and e-quacter, Gulnare, with Tim Whiffler about two leugtha iu her rear, ran clean away from the remaining horses, nnd at the finish there could not have been less than tbirtv lengths batweon the aecoud and third horses. The result of this race tojk*ahnost every one by surprise, not excepting the owner of the winner, who believed that be hud no chance for it, seeing that tho filly had gone lame and been a woek in the stable, with only our canter, and that on Friday morning. Tim Whiffle ran a game horso in this race, and but for the crusher that he had on his back— 8 st 13 1b to Gulnare's 7 st 5 lb— ho mn4 have won it. With 7 st & lb in the Metropolitan Stakes Handioap on Thursday next, ho may bo in a different position, and certainly the flyers will have to travel fast, or the obeqao for the big prize will go to Mr De Meatre. Tbe next eveul was tho great raca ot the day, the Derby, for which Fishook and The Barb bare beon first and second favorites ever since tho last Autumn meeting. Of tho performances of Fish book aod Budelight at the last Aulumn nieouug not one word need be said hore, as it is in the re colleotidn of all who take an intercut in racing that, with equal weights, they ran right away from all the horses of the same year that they mot, nnd that Fishhook was then mada iirafc favorite for the Derby at an absurdly short price. This position he main tained up to tho start, the odds then being on him instead of against him ; but while the nwjoriiy thought that Fishhook mu3t win, not a few truated their money to Tbe Barb, nnd waited in confi;!ouce the result. They were not tiisiippoiuted, fov tho lit'le horse pulled off the ' Blue Ribbon' cleverly, and the thunder of applause that burst from tbo crowd as The Birb passed tbo post expressed more forcibly than words conld do tbo goeilwill wbioh the patrons of the turf outer lain for Mr Tait. Tbe colt wub well ridden by young Stanley — tho rider of Volunteer when ho won the Mayor's Cup twelve lnpmhfj ago— bnt he waa never called upon to race/ Tbe boy loft his spurs at home, and ho might have left his whip also, for The Hook|never pnniied him at any p*rt of tho raco ; and as for Budelight, ho waa emphatically nowhere from tbe time tbe flig was diopped uutil tho enthu si.-.Blic cheers from tho people on tho stand aud tho thousands that lined the com a-i told tho victory of Tho B*rb. Auoiher round of cheers was given for Tbe Barb as he returned to the enclosure, ami auother aa he lefo the weighing yard after weighing in. A bluo ribbon — tho iniiiguiu of tbe great raoe he had won — was tiod round the colt's neck, and ho was led in triumph rouud tbe van'. Donbt leas, a considerable majority of tho people who wit nessed the raco were gratified at seeing a New SoU'h Wales horse win, but had Mr Filgato been Bncocss ful ha would hava bben most warmly congratulated ; and, even now, net a few attribute the favorite's defeat to want of couditiou. To uppearanca ho was the perfection of form, but when he returned to the saddling paddock, after tbe raoa, it was vary evident that bis trainer had not succeeded in getting him into the highest state of whioh he is capable. We should not bo giving credit to whom credit is due if we omitted to direct Bpeoial attention to tbe running of Bylong. His owner deserves all tho credit that springs from tho Uat of hia having defeated the son of the grout Fisherman ; aud Mr Lee, the breeder of both Tho Barb and Bylong, onght to feel proud of his snecesa in breeding such colts. It is somewhat noticeable that tho winners of the three tirst races were all by Sir Hercules. Tbo Innkcoiiero' Stakes was a gift to old Birming ham, who led all the way from start to finish. The termination of tho last nice of tho day was by far tbe best of tho five. Hulf-a-dozeu of the horses were all in a cluster, and it was impossible to see from tbo Biand in what positions tbe first four sto.d. Bracelet and Rapidan finisledjwith a dead heat, while Dundee and Orphan, less tuan half R length from tbe heads of tho first pair, woro almost neck and neck for third plaoe. It waa eviiieut that Braoelot could have won the race if he had beon pressed, bnt his jookey, believing that he had tho race in hand, at least so far as the favoiite, Duudea, wus concerned, nl lowed Rapidan to come up on tbe inside cud so finish with a dead heat, whereas if he had given hia horse a cut with the whip, three or four strides from the post, bo raaat havo woa it at least by a neck, or perhaps by half a length. Rtrely U a uandicapper ao fortunate as Mr Lackey was on this occasion, iu bringing tho horses home almost within a heaJ of each otbor. Tliero was another good raco in ruu ning off tbo dead heat, and a socond dead beat was narrowly escaped. Bracelet wan slightly in front when the fl ig was lowerod, but he allowed R-ipid in to cut out tho rnuning, with tbe hope, evidently, of collariug him iu the run in. This, however, was not to bu, and Mr Da Mostre's horse pulled olf tlr; prize by n bend. We have only to add that the officials performed their duties to the satisfaction of all concerned, and that thora were no uccidt-nts, disputes, or protests to mar the enjoyment of the day, A more detailed account of the racing is ap pendod : — First Race. — The Trial Stakes of 4 sovs each, with 40 sovs added ; for 3 yrs and upwards, wbioh have not won a prizo exceeding 50 bovs in value up to time of entrance. 1J mile. Mr J. Tail's ch g Warwick, 6 yrs, 9 st 5 lb ? (Ashworth) 1 Mr Mackeller's b h Bulgimbar, 4 yrs, 8 st 12 lb ? (Holmos) 2 Mr A. Bowman's d gr f Maritana, 4 yrs, 8 st 7 lb ? (Bishop) 3 Mr Thomas Ivory's b g Wild Dayrell, 4 yrs 8 st 9 lb 0 Mr Sleenson'a br g Cooramin, 6 yrs, 9 st 5 lb ... 0 Mr W. Winch's bl f Olga, 3 yrs, 0 st 12 lb . . 0 Mr J. Do Clouett's b g The Gift, 6 yrs, 9 st 5 lb . . 0 Betting: — Even money on Warwick; 2 to 1 nguinBt The Gift ; 5 to 2 against Bulgimbar ; 10 to 1 against any other. A very good start was effeoted, Cooramin and Tbe Gift going to the front immediately upon the fall of the flag, while Bulgitnl'ar was the Ia3t to get awfiy. At the Rocks turn Ooorarnin was leading with Tbo Gift, about a length in his rear, and two lengths behind The Gift was the favorite with Wild Dayrell, and Mnritana in close attendance, and Olga hopelessly in the rear. At the back of the coarse The Gift went up to Cooramin and passed him, and immediately afterwards War wick also collared and passed Cooramin. Juat before reaching tbe lierby corner Bulgimbar was taken alongside of Warwick, and for ajhundred yards the throe were all together. Warwick, however, went to tbe front as they were entoring the straight running, and oame np the oourse at a spanking pace, hard held. Bulgimbar was two lengths behind W'arwiok at the finish, aud Maritana, four or five lengths behind him, defeating The Gifl for third place. Time, 2 min. 18} sec. Second Race. — The Derby St. Leger Handicap of 200 sovereigns (from tbe fund), added to a sweep stakes of IU sovereigns each tor acceptors ; n. ft. ; for horses nominated iu either the Australian Derby of 1865, or St. Leger of 1866 ; 2 miles ; second horse 40 sovereigus from the prize. 29 sub scribers. Mr G. Lee's ch^f Gulnare, 7 st 5 lb (W. George) 1 Mr E. De Mestro's b c Tim Whiffler, 8 st 13 lb (Stone) 2 Mr W. Town's b I Ludia, 8 st 2 lb . . (Oavanagh) 8 Mr B. Richard's b g Little Robin, 8 st 3 lb .. 0 Judge Cheeke's b f Varroville, 7 st 5 lb . . . . 0 Mr John Lee's bl c Buccaneer, 7 at 7 lb . . . . 0 Betting : G to 4 against Tim Whifflar, 2 to 1 against Varroville, 5 to 1 against any other. When the hor3d3 drew up for the start Tim Whiffler became very restless, and broke away from the rest, causing some delay. At length a tolerable Una waa formed, me ting lell, and the lot dashed off. Ladia and Varroville getting tho worst of it. Before a hundred yards had been travelled over, Gnlnare was in front, with Little Robin seeond, the favorite third, Buccaneer fourth, aed the two fillies fifth and sixth. This order was maintained np to the Dorby corner, and into the Btrnight running. In passing the stand Gulnaro had a strong lead, Tim Whiffler lying second, Litflo Robin third, Varroville fourth, Buocaneer fifth, and Lurlia last. After passing the Rocks turn, tho favorite shook off the horses that had np to that point been in olose attendance,, and at tho back of the course the gap between him and the ruck widened at every stride. He now essayed to reach Gulnsre, whom he was overhanl ing fast ; he reached her girths os they passed tho trainers' stand, but could not get in front, as the filly was well in hand and had lots of running left. At the distance post Stone pnlled out his whip and plied it vigorously in vain ; tbe 22 lb difforenoo in the weights told its tale, and the little mare came home an easy winner by two lengths, nnlouohed by whip or Bpur. Ludia was betwoen twenty and thirty lengths behind Tim Wbiffier, Bucoaneer was fonrth, Little _Rabin fifth, and Varroville last. Time, 3 minutes 15 seconds. Third Raco.— Tbe (Australian) Derby Stakes, of 30 sovereigns each ; h. ft. ; for 3 years ; colts, 8 st 10 lb ; filliea, 8 st 5 lb. Tho socond to reoeive 60 sovereigns out of the stakes j one and a half mile — 35 subs. Mr J. Tait's bl c The Barb, 8 st 10 lb. . (Stanley) 1 Mr John Lee's ch c Bylong, 8 st 10 lb . . (Cane) 2 Mr H. Fisher's b c Fishhook, 8 st 10 lb (Morrison) 8 Mr T. Ivory's br c Blair Athol, 8 st 10 lb . . . . 0 Mr Judge Cheeko's br o Sir John, 8 st 10 lb . . 0 Mr H. Fisher's b o Budolight, 8 st 10 lb . . . . 0 Betting: Even on Pishhoek, 5 to 4 against The B.*rb, 5 to 1 against Bylong, 10 to 1 against any other. The flag fell to an excellent start, and so close were they for the first hundred yards that it was impossible to S8e what was leading. When they passed the distance-post the first time, they hud settled down into their places, and in passing the stand The Barb was lending, with Blair Athol second, Sir John third, Bylong fonrth, tbe favorite fifth, and Budelight laBt. In this order they passed the Rooks turn, and raced towards the Denison turn, where Bylong ran into third place, Sir John falling off. Fishhook now began to make play, aud he very soon improved bis position, having passed Sir John, and immediately afterwards By long. When opposite the now stand, and ap proaching the Derby corner, Tbe Barb bad a lead of a length. Blair Athol still lying second, and tbo Hook close- up. So they came on into tho straight rnnnincr, when the favorite made a futile effort to , roach Mr Tuit's colt. He passod Blair Athol, hoiv Rver, but was immediately afterwardB collared hy Bylong, who bent him by a length for second plncc, Tho B«rb being about three lengths in front of Bylong. Blair Athol was fourth, Budelight fifth, and Sir John last. The Barb pnlled off the great prize without being asked to raoo from start to fiuish — indeed, tbo mile and a half spin was but a canter for him. Time, 2 minutes 48J seconds. Fonrth Raoo. — The Iokeopors' Stakes, of 7 sovereigns each, with 70 sovereigns addod ; for throe yoars and upwards, which have not won r- prize exceeding 100 sovereigns in value- up to the time of entrance ; a winner of such a prizo thore aftar to carry 3 lb extra ; maidens nt starting allowed 5 lb ; one mile and three-quarters ; second horse to receive 14 sovereigns out of the prize. Mr Goo. Waldron's b g Birmingham, aged, 9 st 10 lb ? (Donnelly) 1 Mr E. Da Jlestre's gr g Jamberoo, 6 years, 9 st 10 lb ? (J. Stone) 2 Mr L. Flaunery's b g Quadrant, C years, 9 st 10 lb ? (Flannery) 3 Mr John Kennedy's bl h Don Juan, 6 years, 9 st 13 lb. Betting even on Birmingham j 2 to 1 against any other. This race ia easily described. The favorite jumped off with a strong lead, was never canght, and won tbo race hard held. Jiimberoo ran soaoud, aud Quadrant third throughout, the latter beiag about six lengths behind J.imberoo at the finish, who was four lengths in rear of the winner. Don Juan had not the ghost of a chanoe from the start. Time, 3 minutes 21J seoouds. Fifth Ruce. — Tho Epsorn Handioap of 5 sovereigns each; h. fr. ; with 50 sovereigns added j 3 yrs and upwards ; 1 mile ; Becond hors6 10 sovereigns from the prize : — k Mr E. De Mestro's b g Rnpidan, 6 yr3., 7 st 10 lb') (Macaliater) I 1 Mr John Soath's, jun., br g Bracelet, aged, 8st f 2 ..(Cane) dead heat ) Mr Chaafo's ns ch c Dundee, 5 yrs., 9at 2 lb (Driscoll) 3 Mr Georgo Wuldron's ch g Orphan, 5 yrs., 7 st 4 lb 0 Mr M irsden's gr h Albert, 6 yrs., 6 at 7 lb . . . . 0 Mr W. Purnell's b f Fleur de Lia, 5 yrs., 6 st 12 lb 0 Mr E. Lee's ch g Hninlet, nged, 8 Bt . . . 0 Mr V. M. Doylo'a cbg Marcu3, aged, 7 st 6 lb .. 0 Mv W. Winch's b g Satellite, aged, 7 st » lb . . 0 Mr A. Bowman's gr I Maritana, 4 yrs, 7 st.. .. 0 Betting : 2 to 1 aguinst Dundee, 2 to 1 against Bracelet, 3 to 1 against Albert, and 5 to 1 against any other. There was a good deal of difficulty in getting the horses together for the start in this raoe. At tho first attempt, Marcns and Hamlet broke away, and tho former ran a considerable distanoe hofore ho could be induced to take his placo at tho starting point. At length something like a line was formed, aud tho horses were sent away, bat the start was a very bad one. The leading horses were length* away beforo the remainder started. Albert, who was supposed to have a good chance for it, being the mo3t unfortunate of all. Wo ore in formed, however, that his bad Bturt was owing in a great measure to the man who held him holding him after the fl.ig was lowered. Hamlet got the best of it ati the start, and ho made the most of it for the first couple of hundred yards. Bracelet was second, Dundee third, aud tbo ruck immediately in tho ronr. Bracelet gradually overhauled Hamlet, and Dundee closed np also, so that iu passing the Dorby Corner the threo were altogether. Bracelet eventually showed in front, and be came np the straight running with a load of a length ; at tbe distance post a rush was made by tbe whole of the horses immediately behind, and before Cuno could put ou the sceatn, being evidently under tho impression that he had tho race in hand, Rapidan, Dundee, aud several otbera were upon him, the former and Bracelet finishing with a doad boat. Dundee was third by half a length aud Orphan was bo olose upon him that it was impossible to see from the stand which had the advantage. It waa tbo finest fiuiahthatwe havo seen at Randwick for many a day, aud it may be long before we look upon its like again. Tbe heat was run off about half an hour after wards. Rapidan led all tbo way from the post, and won by a head, both jockeys using the whip from the distance post. This terminated the day's sports, and immediately afterwards there, was a rnBh made homewards. 