THE OPERA. LA 6EMIIUMIDE. This renowned cltef desuvre of the greatest living composer, although not on entire novelty in Melbourne, was pro duced Wednesday nij^ht with a degree of careful preparation entitling it to more than ordinary notice. In Januaiy last, on tbe occasion of its first representa tion in Melbourne, the opera ran for six bights, but the viise en scene eras then of a greatly inferior character to that which now delights the eye; and in this work, more than in most, the scenic accessories become of importance. No completeness of musical arrangement and delivery is of itself sufficient to en able the audience to realise the grandeur of the composition, and the success with which Rossini has contrived to embue with dramatic life tbe dead bones of the old Uuli-mythologicttl story ot the Ba bylonian amazon— her loves and hates, crimes, triumphs, and destruction. The apparently massive character of much of the scenery with which Messrs. Hennings, Pitt, and Fry have adorned the stage of the Theatre Royal is ad mirably suited to the sombre ancient story upon which the opera is based. The first scene, representing the Temple of Bolus, can hardly be overpraised The perspective is perfect, and all the minutiea of Assyrian architecture have been carefully considered. The ponder ous harps upon which the musicians play adorn each side of the picture, the statue of the god Baal fills up tbe background, with its pillars and cuni forin inscriptions, looking ns if it would fitly form the skeleton of a mound to be unearthed centuries hence by some enterprising RawlinEon or Layard of the future. The Hanging Gardens of Se miramis are less imposing than might be anticipated; but, as they merely constitute the veil to a scene of intense grandeur, their inferiority may well be pardoned. The view which they hide is a hall in the Toyal palace, with the tomb of Ninus on one side, and the Euphrates in tho background. Any thing prettier than the representation of this river wi;h its semi-transparent water, could not be conceived. In no theatre have we witnessed a more ex quisite picture. It was fully appreciated by the crowded house which had assem bled to witness tho performance, as was also, beyond a doubt, the general mounting of the piece. The incident upon which the story of the opera turns, is the nomination by Semirainis oi a successor to the throne, and her announcement that the fortu nate individual whom she and some un notified oracle may proclaim, shall take her to wife. She names Arsaces the commander of her armies, to the in tense disgust, as it appears, of three personages — Arsaces himself, who is in love with a younger fair, Azema; Prince Aesur, who has his own pretensions; and the shade of Ninus, Semiramis' late husband, from whom she had been ex peditiously divorced, at her special request, by the dagger of Assur. The interference oi Ninus's ghost with the plans of Semiramis is prompted by his knowledge of the fuct, soon to be made universally known by the priests, that Arsace is in reality Ninins, the pre sumedly lost son of Ninus and Semira mis. Arsaces, when made aware of his genealogy, naturally pursues to the death his father's murderer; but in the gloom of that father's burial-place, whither Assur, foil, wed by Semiramis, repairs for refuge, the sword of the avenging Ninias pierces the bosom of the guilty queen. Decidedly the first faot notieaable in last night's performance was the per sonation of Arsaces by Miss Georgia Hodson. Madame Escott has led us ever to expect a satisfactory delineati on in any ' role' Ehe may undertake, and hence of her Semiramis it is sufficient to say that it was worthy of her deser vedly high reputation. But Miss Hod son lias been less uniformly successful, and therefore it is the more inoumben upon us to remark on the excellence of ber performance last night. She dressed the part admirably, seemed to forget the audience to which it is too fre quently her practice to bo ever appeal ing, and sang with considerable feeling and effect. In the duet with Atsur, ' Bela imaglo degli die,' she was re markably successful, nnd a call before the curtain, for herself nnd Mr. De Haga was the result. Towards the close of tbe opera, the duct ' Giorno orore' between Arsaces and Semiramis, was well rendered. Altogether the lady vocalists may fairly be compli mented on having accomplished their respective duties with the utmost euc cesB. 