Till! prospects of the Intercolonial Es- liibition to bo bold bere in Melbourne during tbo Inst tbrce months of tbo pre sent year, ns also tbo promiso of a re spectable figure being made by tlie Australian colonies in tbo great Inter national Exhibition at Paris next year, appear from the proceedings of tho meeting of tbo commissioners on Monday last, to bo very satisfactory. Tho mis sion of Messrs. Bleasdale and Knight to South Australia seems to have been attended with the happiest results. The object of that mission was to invite South Australia to join Victoria in forming one Aiistrnlfiainn nnnrf: nf: t.lin DnrSa T?.y1»iUI_ tion, and also to contribute liberally in exhibits to tbo forthcoming Intercolonial Exhibition, which is to bo as it were a stepping stono to the grand display at Paris. The deputation formed by tbo two gentlemen named, was met in Adelaide with tbo utmost courtesy by the' Governor, tho Ministry, tbo members of both Houses of Parliament, and the Press, and their proposals most obeerfnlly ac ceded to. " Of courso tbis agreeable result was not achieved without the requisite amount of discussion and explanation being bad recourso to. But it is plain there was a disposition from tbo first to receive tbo deputation in a kindly snd accommodating spirit. At all events, tho end in view was comfortably attained. And the wonder is that a similar measure has not been adopted to win over the accession of tbo other neighbouring com munities, especially tho important colony of Now South Wales, to tbo project. It is by no means too late yet to send a similar mission to Sydney, provided tho expenso is not too great. But some eilort, even though it cost somo little out lay, should bo made to insure combined and harmonious action on the part of all tbo Australian coloaies, both m making tbo, Intercolonial Exhibition a grand suc cess, and in rendering the represen tation of all Australia at the great International Industrial Exhibition in Paris next year, ns effective and pcrfect as it is possible to be. Before tho deputation left Adelaido they bad the satisfaction of seeing tbearrangomedts for giving practical effect to the prineipfe" of co-operation between tbo two colonies set - in motion. ADd we mnst repeat it is oven I of still more importance to have the same result brought about, in Sydney. It must I be remembered that' if these colonies understand aright their own true industrial and commercial interests, they will in forthcoming years develop this idea of intercolonial industrial exhibitions, by holding them periodically in the different colonial capitals ; so that what is witnessed in Melbourne this year will be seen in other years at Sydney, at Adelaide, and mayhap, also at Brisbano and Hobart Town or Launcesten. Thcro is no one device of modorn civilisation that is so pregnant with social advancement and with material progress, as this of gather ing together, ns it were in ono focus, tho monuments of tho artistic and manu facturing skill of different communities, and showing at a glance, as upon a map, the progress, both positive and compara tive, of each in the elements of prosperity, in tlio arts of peace, and in a word in tho work of civilisation. Tho Australian co lonies, widely separated as they are, by geographical distanco from tho great cen tres of population and progress in tho old world, are bound by n stronger necessity tlian all other communities, to seizo every opportunity that presents itself, and even to create opportunities, for practically working oat, within their own hounds, this grand idea of tho nineteenth century, viz., of promoting honourable industrial and commoreial rivalry between separate communities. And to that end, whut is this year begun in Victoria should, and most probably will, be repeated in Sydney, Adelaido, and the other local capitals. Hence, wc repeat, somo special moans should be taken to enlist our New South Wales friends more actively in the opening enterprise of Intercolonial Industrial dis play, of which Melbourno is to bo tlie theatre in the present year. Tlie Exhibi tion is to' open on Thursday, 11th October, nnd is to close on Tuesdny, 15th January, 18G7. There is therefore, nbun- dnnnn nf+i'mftfn Tyrrmitmf'rt tlio nrfhesion of the New South Wales folks to tho un dertaking. In tho report of tho indefatigable secre tary, Mr. Knight, which was submitted to tho commissioners on Monday, thero was ono suggestion in wkieh we enn linrdly concur. It is not pleasant to differ with those in whoso general views on a parti cular subject you usually agree. But wc nevertheless must differ with Mr. Knight 'on this point. Tho show of minerals, whether in tho local exhibition or that at Paris, will form tho most characteristic feature of tho Australian display. It should, therefore, bo presented in the most conspicuous and advantageous man ner possible. Mr. Knight's way of doing this is as follows. We quote his own words. He says: — "I propose to exhibit our mineral treasures below ground, instead of iu the ordinary way ; and to do this I suggest tho formation of n mineral gallery, or tunnel, having descending and ascending shafts Worked as hydraulic lifts, and capable of taking twelvo to fifteen persons down and up at ono timo. The tunnel might be, say COfi. to 100ft. long, lined with various minorals, and divided into sections showing the characteristic formation of each deposit. It could not, perhaps, bo a facsimile of a real mine, but it might closely approximate thereto. The shafts might bo about 50ft. deep. Tho tunnel should ho lighted with gas and occasionally by the magnesium light." It is not clear whether this plan is proposed both for tho local and Paris Exhibition. But from tho succeeding sentence of the report, it is at all events certain that it is proposed for adoption in the Paris Exhi bition. We must say at once that thero is too much " stage effect" about tho project;, even it ic were otnerwiso de sirable. It has too much of tho Raree- show of tho charlatan about it. It would not furnish a truo conception of the prac tical working of a mine, nor give a just representation of the geological strata of for . lnstmrcerkalilo locality like Ballaarat a sham. But if it is intended— and on this point the secretary's report is not clear — to bury down iu this dry sewer tho specimens of tho golden treasures sent by Victoria to the World's great fair nt Paris, instead of exhibiting them con spicuously to tho light of day and to tno admiration of all mankind in tho great open Australian court of tlio exhibition, then we must pronounco the proposal an unmitigated blunder. People generally will not go down into a trap of tho kind proposed, in order to do a little make- believe amateur geological investigation. And if the golden specimens of Australian treasure are put out of the way down in tlio cavernous depths of Mr. Knight's dilettante mining shaft, they will remain unseen by tho great mass of visitors. The El Dorado of the south will, in fact, -be neither known nor understood, so far as mining wealth is concerned, by tho great hulk of tho visitors who have heard such wonders about our goldfields. And the Great International Exhibition will not have done its work of spreading practical knowledgo< amongst mankind, so far as Australia is concerned. No. The gold of Australia, and its other mineral pro ductions also, should form tho grand conspicuous feature, amidst a blaze of light, in tho Australian Court of the Exhibition. There, they should speak trumpet- tongued to tho world at largo of the wondrous wealth of our goldfields — of our matchless mineral resources — and of tho attractions for enterprising emigrants of the great South Land. Mr. Knight will probably explain himself more fully on the subject. But if wo Lave caught aright tho meaning which his words seem to convey, then wc must differ with him altogether upon this particular point. "Wo have not room to enter into the minor details of the rnenTnmpnrlnfinnq 1niri before the Commissioners on Monday. But wo cannot help noting one peenliar omission in Mr. Knight's report. No preparation seems to bo in contemplation to accommodate a refreshment department in tho Melbourne Exhibition Building. And yet it is necessary that something of the kind should be provided. It is not too late to make the necessary arrange ments. And we recommend tho matter to the early notice both of tho secretary and the Commissioners. Mr. Grant stated yesterday, to a deputation, that the professional hoard to examine into appli cations for twenty-acre licenses would sit at Kyneton, on the 21st last ; at Taradalo, on the 22nd ; Sandhurst, on tho 23:d ; Carilemnine, on the 24tb ; Moldon, on tlio 25th ; 'Maryborough, on the 26th ; and Talbot, on the 28th. St. Georgo's-lnill yesterday evening presented one of the most brilliant spectacles seen for many months. Over 500 of the leading citizens, not only of the metropolis, but of the country, assem bled there to do honour to one of our oldest colonists — one of the most experienced nnd able of our politicians — Mr. Johu O'Shanassy, who is about to leave tho country for a short time. Mr. O'Sbanassy's close attention to his public duties for many years, combined with other causes, brought on a severe illness, which rendered it necessary that he should retire for a time from tlie political arena and seek tlie renovation of Ids health by a visit to Great Britain. The demon stration yesterday evening, taken as an exhibition of the feeling of tho body of the colonists towards bim, shows that what ever might be Ills political- errors he yet atanda high in their cstlmatipn vrad respect, for gentlemen were there of all creeds and countries, .Add re-sea were sent in, signed by many of the bof'Ti'' councils, shire councils, road boards, and by' the inhabitants of the larger towns. The choir at 'he banquet was occupied by tlie Hon, G. Hnrltcr, a colleague of Mr. O'Shanasay's in ono of Ills administrations. In acknowledging the toast of liis health, Mr. O'Shanassy delivered a speech of upwards of an hour's duration, in which ho defended tiio ndnptnbilily of tho Con stitution to tlie requirements of the colony, Tho meeting was a most enthusiastic ono, and the proceedings did not terminate till a late hour. A meeting of the inhabitants of Willlamstown wns held at the 1 Mechanics' Institute, last eveniug, for the purpose of expressing sympathy with tho Governor. Thero were between 200 and 30) persons present. Several icsolulfons, identical with those which have been agreed to nt other meetings of this kind, wero put to tlio mooting. Mr. Thomas Mason, in moving tlie first resolution, condemning the conduct of tho Secretory of Stato In removing Sir Charles Dar ling, characterised Mr. Cardweli's act as being " mostdisgraeeful, treacherous, nnd un-Eugiish," and moved that tho late Governor had been de prived of a privllego to which tho meanest con vict in Pentrhlgo was entitled, namely, that of defending himself ogninst the charges imputed to him. Sir Charles Darling lmd, lie said, bien removed because, In complying with tlio wishes of tho great mass of tho people, lie had done what was just, and had not forfeited their rights by yielding to a minority who neither represented the wealth nor the intelligence of the people. In conclusion, he called upon thrin to protest against nny infringement of those privileges for which their iorefathers had bled nnd died. Tills resolu tion, witli several others of a similar nnlurc, was carried, and a vote ol thanks having been passed to the chairman, the proceedings terminated. Another change is about to tako place In the surgical staff of tlio Melbourno Hospital, Dr. Turner, who visited tho colony for tho good of his bcallh in the beginning of 18G5, after spend ing a short time in New Ssutli Wales, bein; about to leave. Ho has found it necessnry to re turn to Europe in consequence of urgent private business, nnd sails by tlio Great Britain. Dr. Turner is n member of the University of Edin- i.ur beforo ho visited Australia. The loss of tills gentleman will be severely felt in the Institution and by a large circle of private friends. Wo havo received the Australian Ifcdicnl Journal for May, which contains much matter of interest to tho profession. In nn editorial article on the appointment of coroners, the tone of the recent discussion in committee of tlio Legislative Assembly ia deprecated, the nomina tion of such officers by the Governor iu Council supported, and the desirability of choosiDg medical men maintained. The writer, however, concurs In tho suggesiion thnt nt a goad many Inquests tho presence of a jury Is quite unne cessary, and serves only to couif licale tho inves tigation. The Ecbuea Borough Council have resolved to borrow, under the provisions of the Water works Act, tho sum of 1.2000, for tlie purposo of supplying the (own with wutcr. The Tnbilk Vineyard was on Monday tho scene of a " vintage dance," a festival which has not often been kept up in this part of the world before. An examination of the pupils of the common school at Ailkcu's Gap was held on Wednesday afternoon, when the school was visited by Mr. W. J. Clarke, Miss Clarke, nnd n party of ladies. Tho examination, in diffcient branches, haviog been satisfactorily concluded, a handsome work- box was prescuted to Miss Eliza Foster for needlework, nnd a set of c ieketlng materials to Master John Barling. Final judgment was given in tho Supremo Court yesterday in the suit of Kettlo v. Tlio QUeen. Mr. Justice Molcswortli stated that ho still entertnined the opinion that land certificate- holders selecting under the Act of 1835 were not prohibited from selecting as trustees fur other parlies. He made n decree directing the Crown to issue a lease to the plaintiff of the land which he had selected und for which he had paid. Our Berwick correspondent tntorms us tnat two gold-bearing quartz rests have been dis covered within ten miles of (but township. Several persons are now at work following up tho discovery, nnd spicimens of gold have been ob tained 5ft. from the surface. Tho position offers facilities for tunnelling at n level about 150ft. portancoliiav afi,aeliqh:ioM'Sy"tha dkoovorers, It will prove a great advantage to Berwick and its neighbourhood. Tho discovery of a large nugget at Sailor's Gully is thus noticed by the Hcndigo Inde pendent : — On Wednesday last a man named William Harper, while returning home from Ills work at Bailor's Gully, found a nugget of gold weighing 64oz.8dwt. lying on the surface of the ground. Tho lu"ky finder declines lo name the exnet locality. The gold was purchased at the Bank of New3outli Wales yesterday. Some of the passengers by tho ill-fated steamer London appear to have had some presentiment that tho voyiige would terminate uofortuaatcly. In an application made for probate in tho Supreme Court n few works ago, n letter was rend, written by one of the passengers Imme diately prior to the vessel's leaving Plymouth, in which a foreboding was expressed that they would never bross the Bay of Biscay. And yesterday, in support of an application made for prohato of the will of another of those lost, a letter was produced in which the writer men tioned that he intended to sail from England by the London, and added, " whatever may be the cause, I feel a greater reluctance to leave this country now than when I first left it." Sydney papers to the 8tli inst. are to hand, but the intelligence has already been given in our telegraphic columns. At a committce meeting of the Victorian Horticultural Improvement Socieiy, held at the office o; Meisrs. Law, Somner and Co., the following resolution was proposed and carried : — "That Messrs. Alexander Elliott, gardener at the University ; W. Feiguson, Flemington ; W. Riddle, Matlock ; W. Taylor, Toorak ; and J. Mitchell, Royal Park, be appointed a sub-com mittee to consider the best means of enclosing and improving the site granted by Government for the use of the society, and the probable cost of such improvements. The sub- committee to meet on tho ground on Monday afternoon, 14th inst., at 4 o'clock, and to futnish their report at ius uv.\t uiuuiuijr meeting 01 me society. From all parts of the country there are com plaints of tho non-payment of snlaries to civil servants. . Several have beon noticed during the last few days ; the following is taken from yes- terday.'s At. A, At ail " The officers of the Civil Service in Casileinaino have still cause to complain of tho delay in the payment of their salaries. The police also itavc not yet had their March pay. This is altogether teo bad, and should bo attended to in the proper quarter at once, especially as In Melbourne even the pay for April lias been made available. \There appears to be somo fonr that If the drought continues much longer, water will he very scarce at Ballnarnt, Consumers, in the meantime, are asked to be as sparing as pos sible. Rather an amusing story is told, says the Kyneton Observer, of n clergyman who came, (wc believe from Castlemn'ne) recently to hold divine seivlee at a town-hip not a hundred miles from" Tnradule. His congregation were soino- . what atnuted and surprised at seeing the reverend gentleman every now and again referring to his watch, but the caus9 was explained when be had been preaching seven or eight minutes, and In tho ntidst of his sermon, by his concluding, sans ccremonie, with tho customary benediation, nnd an intimation that the train was due. Possib'y he might have addsd "nnd ray dinner will bo waiting." There can bo no doubt tho congrega tion were vaBtly improved by the reverend gentle man's discourse. , AS amusing siory is told, eayn the Gcclong Hegistcr, a( n haunted houso in Kildara — tho ghest 'having the peculiarity of hailing from the county Clare.' It appears that there were two or tliree applicants for the hire of a house in that part of the town not far from the pnifco station, the' successful applicant being a woman, who commenced removing- her furniture into the house. '. One of the other applicants, however, who wished, to obtain possession nf tlie house, hit upon a'noye! plan of doing so. fie industriously circulated a rumour to the eff:ct that tbo houso was haunted— that a County Claro ghest was in the habit of wandering about the rooms at night time, dressed in white, and that no person could possibly live in the house unless lliey hailed from the some county. The rumours rcachiog tho poor woman, who was a real believing creature,, nnd had the misfortune to have been born in Tlpperary, so worked upon licr fears that sho packed her " traps" nnd left tho premises, rau"li to the d> fight of tlie man who had circulated the rumour, who subsequently took possession of the house, nnd who will doubtless remain in undis turbed possession as far as the County Clare ghost Is concerned. A meeting of tho Aerated Bread Company wns held yesterday, at neon, Mr. VT. M. Bell occupying tho chair, when tho resolution passed on tho 24th ult. to voluntarily wind up tho com pany was confirmed, and a general meeting ap pointed for tho IGtli inst., to nppoint liquidators and fix their rate of remuneration. Tlio Gcclong Advertiser Is Rlad to hear thnt tlio Victnrien Fanners' Assurance Company lins met with very general support, Strong provi sional committees have been formod in Kyneton, Hepburn, Creswick, Castleraaine, Talbot, Sand hurst, and Hamilton, nnd that arrangements are in progress In this district The subject is ono of great importance to many, and is deserving of every attention and consideration with a view to tho establishment of eo useful an enterprise amongst u?» A singular circumstance is mentioned by the Riverine Herald A gentleman well known In Echuca, a short time since devoted a sparo hour or two one afternoon to angling on tho banks of the Murray. Having hooked a fino young cod, and partly drawn it out of the Water, ho had tho mortification to seo his line snap, and tho fish was of course lost. Having a day or two subsequently betaken himself with rod nnd line to the same locality, ho again suc ceeded in hooking a fl -h of similar size, which he drew to land, and to his surprise on examining it he found the hook with the piece of line attnehed, which he had previously lost, sticking in the cod's gills. It would appear from this that the finny denizens of tho Murray, like some of tho dwellers on ils banks, nro not sufficiently prudent to tnko a timely warning. Tlie holders of laod taken up under the 42nd section of tho Amending Land Act arc, In most cases, says tho Maryborough Advertiser, busily cngBgcd In preparing their land for cropping this season. At Cuddy's Flat tlio process of re claiming is particularly activo. Trees ore being laid low, fences erected, teams employed in fur rowing the virgin soil, and huge fires are kindled to consume the boles that aro too heavy for removal by the usual process of manipulation. In passing the locality by night-one is reminded of the numerous lurid illuminations proceeding from furnace mvuths in tho manufacturing counties of England. The increased area that will yield first fruits this season will supply local markets more abundantly than heretofore. An impudent robbery was committed last evening at Sinclair's hotel, Lonsdale street. Tito sum of L5 contained in a cash box was abstracted from the bar duriag the temporary abstnee of the persons in charge. By a private letter from the Upper Doriing, tho Hiverinc Herald learns that tlio body of a men, who had evidently been murdered, had been found in a water-hole in tho Paroo River. Two wounds were found in the head similar to what would be Inflicted by rifle or pistol balls. The murderer remained undiscovered, nnd is likely to do so. The name of tho unfortunate victim was not known. The effects of the exceeding dry weather are noticeable, says the Kyneton Observer, through out tlie en' ire country, but nowhere more par ticularly limn about the Kellor and Sunbury Plains, Norn vestigo of grass Is to be seen in nny part, and sheep and cattle seem both to have been all removed from the locality. Tho years 1849 nnd 1851, we have heard stated, presented similar seasaus to tnoso wo nave enuureu, aim, so the parlies state, the rain did not fall in nny quantity till the middle of June, nnd then it was exceedingly heavy. The season is particularly favourable for the operations of tho agriculturist, but it is ruination to the stockholders and breeders. It Is to be hoped that a change will i"" lu" ""» — — H— " — t-,u_ cated. The Gcclong Hcgister mentions thnt on Wed nesday morning the country about Camper- down was visited by several hours' steady soaking rain, while at Colac not n drop fell. The absence of rain is much felt by the farmers, remarks the Ballaarat Star, and pending a rainfall, tho sowing of wheat has been generally discontinued. Tho Jliverine Herald states: — "There died in Echuca last week, over eighty years of age, a veteran of tlie Peninsula arid Waterloo. His name, we believe, wns Essex. He aerved as a private soldier under the Duke of Wellington in Ills lost great campaigns, and several years ago lis cither emigrated or came out with his regi ment to South Australia. There, it appears, lie acquired some property, was married, and had children. It Is said thnt owing to some domestic diflVrenccs lie Icfc his family ia Ade laide four or flvc years ago, and caino over to Victoria. He lins lesided near Ecliuca for three years, and has hcen employed nt times ns a shepherd on some cf the neighbouring stations, and at one time obtained his living by fishing, but old ngc and infirmities stealing upon him he wns obliged to abandon a bush life, nnd betock himself latterly to hawking with a basketful of small wares about Echuca. He was well known to most shopkeepers as Old Daddy, and was generally considered a well-behaved, kindly old man. He died, we believe, from general de bility and exhaustion. His family, wc under stand, still live In Adelaide, in the enjoyment of the property which the old soldier had accu mulated by his thrift and industry.'' Messrs. Lnmbstt nnd Young commenced at tho Princess Theatre last evening, fur a short dramatic campaign. |Tho attendance was not so good as it ought to have been to welcome the re appearance on tho Melbourno boards of such sterling nctors, but those who wero present, thoroughly enjoyed tlie efforts to contribute to their amusement. The comedy of " The Soldier's Daughter," in which Mr. Lambert sustained tlio part of Governor Hustnce, and Mr. Young Timothy Qunlnt, " went" very well, with Miss Cleveland as Widow Cbeerly. The comic drama of " Frederick of Prussia" con- eluded the entertainment. 