A W A R N IN G THOM T H E G R A V E. t p APTES t. I t was Christmas-evc, wet, fold, and dreary. The tain and sleet were falling fast, 'and the w ind. came in gusts, rattling the. window-frames, and rustling about the roof, and howling and whistling among the chimneys ofarow of tall, grim houses, in a narrow street in Westminster. The houses in question, and the whole of the neighbourhood, had a dilapidated, or rather neglected appearance; for if they were not actually in a tumble-down state, they were black with age and smoke, and from the patches in the upper windows, it was evident that the services of the glazier were in as little request in th at locality as those of the painter. In a mean aparment, situated on the second-floor of one of those melancholy-looking houses, was seated a young woman—a girl we should have called her—but that the cradle at her feet which contained a sleeping infant, bore evidence of her maternity. The room, though tolerably large, showed signs of poverty, but at the same time of extreme order and neatness; the chairs were covered with clean, bat sadly washed-out chintz, the carpet, though faded and worn, was well-spent, the fire-irons bright, the hearth clean swept, and the small fire that was in the grate burned cheerfully, and altogether the room had an air of comfort, which struck you forcibly as you entered from the wide and dirty staircase. There is a certain air of n atural, gentility, which it is neither in the power of dress to give or conceal, and this Frances Lyttelton was possessed of in an eminent degree; so that, notwithstanding their straitened circumstances, the other lodgers treated her and her husband with marked respect, speaking of her as the young lady on the second-flijr. Yes, surrounded as she was by evidences of poverty, Frances Lyttelton was evidently a gentlewoman. The dress she had on was faded and worn, hut it fitted her rounded and supple form to perfection, and all the accessories of collar, cufis, and kerchief were plain, but scrupulously clean and neat. But the plainness of her attire, which would have detracted from'the appearance of some persons, only served to enhance hers. While outside the rain was beating against the window, and the streets were dreary and wet, inside the room, with its dim light, the little cradle, with its unconscious occupant, the bright embers in the grate, and the pale but beautiful mother, sitting industriously plying her needle, formed a picture upon which a poet or a painter would have loved to linger. 81owly, with deep sonorous clangour, Big Ben struck the hour. As the sound reached her she listened, counting the chimes as they struck. When the sound had passed away she rose, and went to the window. Agaslamp which stood opposite threw a faint and flickering ray across the street, showing the opposite houses in all their gaunt and dismal distinctness, and she sighed as she saw the wet and sloppy state of the streets. As she was about to return to her seat, the sound of bells, the merry Christmas chimes, struck her ears, and she stopped, with her fingers raised in the attitude of listening. One of the charms of her person was the extreme gacefulness of her pose, and the singular beauty of her attitudes. How beautiful she looked as she stood thus. How, as the merry peal, now faint, and now more loudly, changing like a poet’s measure, came swelling on the wind, her bosom heaved, and her clear blue eyes sparkled with varying emotions. Then, as if some new phrase of emotions came over her, her eyes assumed them tender pensiveness, but, as they did so, a smile, so meek, so sweet, and yet so holy, played upon her lips, that with the haze of rippli ng golden hair which formed a sort of shekinah around her head, she looked more like a glorified saint than an erring mortal. Her life, short as it was, had yet been one of almost unexampled misfortune. Born and educated in affluence, she was, by the sudden death of her father, plunged into sorrow and poverty. Previous to his death, he had always been considered a wealthy and an honest man. Certainly he could not havebeena wealthy man, for his daughter inherited no fortune, and circumstances transpired in the winding-up o f his affairs which threw great doubt upon his probity. Thus thrown upon the world, Frances, though only sixteen, boldly faced her situation, and engaged herself as a governess. B ut here her evil fortune would not let her rest. The family in which she was engaged was a large one, consisting of grown-up sons and daughters o f all a g es. The eldest son, Henry Lyttelton, saw the young governess, and the gentle melancholy which pervaded her manner was not without a charm for him. I n short, young, handsome, and enthusiastic, full of health, ardour, and genius, they defied the world, and were married. Henry Lyttelton had a small fortune o f his own, and: with this he embarked in business, and for a time figured in the world as a merchant. Trade, however, was not his forte, and he soon failed. After this, though Henry Lyttelton sought for employment, which no one cared to give to the bankrupt merchant, they gradually sank lower and lower, till a t last, at the end of two years, the mean lodging in. Westminster was the only place they had to shelter them ; and the only mean9 of subsistence, the precarious income he obtained as a law writer. On the evening in question, Lyttleton had gone out to take home some papers, which he had remained up all night to copy, in the hope of getting payment for his work, and thus obtaining the means of procuring their Christmas dinner. " W hat a night for poor Henry to be out 1” exclaimed ¡Frances, as she seated herself, and sighed again. H alf an hour passed, during which she worked on, occasionally, when a slight movement appeared in the cradle, rocking it with her foot, and murmuring a few sweet words of lullaby, and all was still again. " He’s been gone a long time,” she murmured, to herself. “ I hope nothing has happened to him. Ah 1” she exclaimed, as she caught the sound of footstepson the stairs, "there he is,” and she rose and opened the door, going a few steps down the stairs to met her husband. "W here have you been, darling, and what has detained you so long ?” she said, as they re-entered. “ Don’t ask me, F an n y ;I seem marked out by fate as a victim, a wretch whom Fortune delights to sport with. When I got there, I found that Foggett had gone out, saying he would return; and I waited two hours; but he has not come back, and so I cannot get paid till Friday. In the mean time, what are we to do ?” and, seating himself, he buried his face in bis hands. " N ay, Henry, for my sake, check these feelings. Wbat is fate but a name, without meaning? Do not repine, if Providence see fit to chasten us. The power that afflicts can also recompense.” “ God bless you, Fanny ! you talk like an angel, as you are. I f you can endnre this with such resignation, ’twere impious in me to murmur. Yet ’tis hard—and for no fault of mine—to see myself reduced to such a strait, without the means of satisfying our scanty meal. For myself I care not, but to see you and baby suffer, with no band to succour no friend to advise—” “ Oh, H enry!” " What have I said ? Forgive me, Fanny, I fear I ’m going mad.” " Do not talk and look thus wildly. Indeed, indeed, you make me very uneasy. I t is very wrong. I know that it is for me and baby ahat you feel thus strongly; but, indeed, dear Henry, I would endure anything rather than see you thus. Bear your lot with patience, manly fortitude— hope on, trust on.” “ And can you hope on, and trust on, in such distressing circumstances?” “ Y es; I can, and do. Providence never deserts those who trust in him.” " I cannot answer you. Ifeel that you are my superior, and am lost in wonder. W hat’s that?” he continued, as a tapping was heard at the door. “ I ’ll go and see,” and she opened the door. “ W hat is it ?” she asked of a boy who stood on the mat. “ I f you please, mum, M r Lyttelton is wanted a t the office directly. M r Foggett’s come back, and wants to see him.” "V ery well; say he’ll ceme directly.” And she closed the door. Henry Lyttelton sat as one petrified. " Do you think he is going to pay me to-night, Fanny?” he asked. “ N othing more likely,” she replied. " W hat a wretch la m ! I wish I could feel as you do, Fanny. I ’ll never despair any more.” “ Make no Tash promises, Harry. And now go.” And she dismissed him with a kiss. A short time only elapsed before Henry Lyttelton’s return, but when he did so, he was a changed m an; and ascending the stairs, hound after bound, he burst into the room, and poured into his wife’s lap the hard- earned reward of his labour. It was not m nch; but we none of us know till we have suffered from the want of them. * * * * * * Christmas is not wbat it was in times long past. Our poor attempts at meri’y-makiDg are but sorry substitutes for kindly feelings and the ancient glories of this hospitable season. Where iB now the hearty and familiar intercourse between the rich and poor which took place in olden’tim es? Where the hallowed and forgiving spirit, and the tone of solemn and sacred feelings which were blended with the m irth of our ancestors, and filled their hearts with large and liberal feelings ? Gone, all gone, and we have nothing in their place—nothing to remind us of hem, but a rich and indigestible udding. Still, degenerate as is onr ode o f celebrating Christmas, it is till a pleasant time, a hallowed seasn—a tim e to forget and forgive—a time when we should balance the accounts of love and friendship, and ask ourselves if we are at peace with all m en—a time when we should call into play all the better feelings of our nature, and root out every germ of bitterness from our heart. i I t was some such thoughts as these th a t were passing in Alice yttelton’s mind as she and her husband drew round the fire on Christmas afternoon. They had been talking over old times, and Frances had been striving to heal a longstanding breach between her husband and an old friend of her father, " I often think, ” she said, in reply to a remark of her husband’s, « th a t in cherishing our hatred against a person so long after the offence has passed, we defeat our own end.” « M aybe; hut I don’t believe the Alm ighty will let that old rascal go down to the grave without atoning for his villaay. ” “ Perhaps not—if wrong has been done, ” she replied; " but if so, the atonement may be of a very different character to what you expect. However, th is is not the time to harbour revenge, it’s not Christian-like.*' “ Christian-like 1 W hat sort of a Christian do you call old Arkwright, I should like to know?” " I don’t know, perhaps a better one than you.” “ An old money-lending skinflint, he a Christian ! Well, all the harm £ wish him this day is, that the ghost of his misdeeds may haunt him !” "W ell, if that would soften his heart, and open Ins eyes, I would say amen to th a t; b ut you aTe very uncharitable in your estimate of character. I ’m sure he is not so bad as you w ant to make him out, for although he has not been so kind to me since my father’s death, yet I see no reason why we should make him other than he appears, a just and honest m au, very strict, though rather harsh in his dealings." “ I f th e dead could rise, Fanny, I fancy we should hear a different tale. Who can th at be ?” he continued, as a knock was heard at the door, aud, rising, he opened it. “ AYIio do you want ?” he asked. “ If you please, sir, does Mrs Lyttelton jive here?” Yes; w hat do you want ?” " Will you give her this letter ?” “ Who is it from?” asked Mrs Lyttelton, coming forward. From my mistress.” And who is your mistress ?” " If you please------” and the girl hesitated. “ Open the letter, Fanny, and see; perhaps it requires an answer,” said Lyttelton. Mrs L yttelton walked to her table, and broke the seal; as she did s an exclamation of surprise escaped from her, and her husband sprang to her side. "M erciful powers!” she cried, "a bank note for twenty pounds. W hat good Samaritan can have sent that.” " Here m y good girl,” exclaimed Lyttelton. "Here—why she’s gone!” [To he continued.] 