I TUE TUBFMEN OF NEW SOUt'H WALES. J (Br. "SNAPSHOT," of'HM* Life iii Tustorj*.)' '"^ MB lfrxr DB MKSTBB. J, « . The gentleman who tuok Archer dornt to win, the first two Melbourne Cups seems to mo the most fitting repre- sentative of New South Wales racing men to come next on my list; and so, following close on the heels of John Tait, the leading metropolitan turfite, comos a prominent provincial-"Etty Do Mestre," of Terrara. Not a whit less popular is he among hts numerous acquaintances, by whom tho experience of many years has made him much liked and respected; and he is very highly spoken ol by all thoso who have been employed by him during his turf career. The subject, of my present sketch resides at Terrara, in the Shoalhaven country, and there, he trains his horses ; bringing out not only his own nags, but also thoso of Messrs Hassal and Roberts, who brood largely at Exeter.Farm, near.B raid wood, and with-whom he has been for somo years confederated in ,racing mat; tors. Titus be has bad through his hands the produce of a number of good mares (obiefly^by Warwick, Wil- liam Tell, and New Warrior},.and, as you know, has done some great things, his most telling coups having been with that great horae Archer, who in' Iiis turn has been pitt to.the stud, arid last season served all the Exeter Farm mares; These' mares oombine some capital strains of blood; . and,-taking them altogether,' they form a very fair. ' sample.- of- a ? colonial stud, though not to be judged . by the ' standard 'of Woodlands or Maribyrnong, or equal to' tho lot of equine dames from which Mr John Lee, of -Bylong, in the Bathurst neighbourhood, raises racehorses. At present thero are a lot of Que two-yr-olds.'ou which Hr De Mostrs will exercise his ingenuity before the Derby, and whioh I was very sorry he couldn't fetch to the post for their this season's engagements. He was unusually unlucky ; for out of six nags (chiefly youngsters) that he put into work for tho la able to have one right on the day; but somehow the Terrara star has not lately been in the asoendaut, and since Archer retired and Exeter wai sent to China, nothing of any note has come either'from Terrara or Exeter Farm. The first I can remember ef Mr De Mestre on the turf, was at Homebush in 185S, when Mr Redwood had Zoe and the "old black mare" in all'their glory, and won tho Leger with Chevalier. At that, meeting'.Terrara .was represented by Mariner and Greenmantle, (he former of whom was not placed'in the Leger, but aftorwards p ulled off the Maiden Plate, beating a''large and good field, and there also Johnny Cutts wore thc block and all black, a position he continued to ocoup'y until oftor the last appearance of the jacket in "Victoria, and I think until he had himself virtually ^retired from the" pigskin. At Homebush in the following year, when Strop.' created such a sensation,' Mr Do Mestre brought out. Sailor,, and won the Maiden Plate and Publicans' Purse with hint in such style os .to make the'poor old . Colonel think there was nothing like himfor the Champion Race ; a pleasant, though erroneous dream, from which he awoke on. the day, after Johnny Cutts had gone down under a spécial're- tainer to do the steering.. A.D. 1859 concluded the racing days of old.Homebush ; for in the September of the following year the first meeting was held, at,Randwick, whither the metropolitan meetings were then removed, the Squire of Terrara of. course following suit ; and at this opening of Randwick, Archer, I thipk, made his first appearance) with Moss Rose. Both were' in im- mense favour with the publio, but were beaten, and well beaten, the big colt being looked upon as the. makings of anything but a racehorse ; and it was in a great measure owing to his performance- on that occasion that Ide re- tired from the field, and left Moss Rose to carry the colors in tho second Champion Race. , Tho following October found Mr De Mestre again at Randwick, with The Rose,. Archer, and Lauristina; and tho big horse, who was just beginning to feel himself right, mada his first.Winning throw by appropriating the Maiden Plato, beating Io and a lot of others. But Moss Hose ran wretchedly in the Champion Race, looking, indeed, quite as miserable aa her performance. Archer waa,»ext seen at Windsor in tho same month, and there, looking and going in a m ii oh improved form, he won his races in a common canter, without giving his competitors t he ghost of a chance. At the Autumn Meeting of 1861, Archer was quite, the great, gun, arid gave the first foretaste of what he really was, by beating Mormon and Vono, after a desperate race with the Melbourne horse. Moss Rose also was much im- proved, having apparently lost much of thatnorrous aud exoitabie fretfulness for which she had beforo been re- markable, and consequently coming out a winner. Indeed, at this meeting the Terrara string wai more than usually strong, consisting of Archer,' Moss Bose, Inheritor, and Exeter,- who made his debut as a two-yr-old, giving luti or proraixe (br the future. -. Mr De Mestre's grout day wai now coming nigh, and when the next Randwick Spring Meeting arrived, he was away in Melbourne ¡wit) Archer .and Exeter, the former being in immense favoi for the-first Melbourne Cup. How he won thi< greal race with 9st 71b on him, beating Mormon who carried lQst llb, and fifteen otliors, vre orí not very likely to forget; and I also remem- ber that he afterwards pulled off tho Town Plata, I Exeter doing ditto with thethreeand four-yr-olds' Stakes ; after whioh performances in the sistercolouy the victorious pair returned home and luxuriated at Torrara until thc Randwick Autumn-Meeting of '62 drew them forth.- At this meeting Mr DeMestro had a string of no, less, than five nags, ofwhioh Exeter won the threo-yr-old Biennial and the Leger, beating tho now famous Volunteer and .Kyogle ; Haidee established her right to the two-yr-old Biennial; and Archer won the first Queen's Plato voted in the colony sinco '56, his stable companion, Moss Rose, running second to him. He also ran third, in, the Crest Handicap, with lOst up ; Talleyrand, with 9st, being first, .and Ben Bolt, who carried 9st 31b, running second. After this, in tba spring of '62, camothe second Melbourne campaign, which raised-Archer in the eyes of his Mel- bourne admirers to the very pinnacle of greatness ; for after winning the Melbourne Cup, under löst 21b, beating Mormon, 9st 121b, Talleyrand, 9st 121b, and 'seventeen besides, at his ease, he left an impression behind which drew from a well-known sporting writer in Victoria, when he saw Panic making running in last year's Cup. " We thought we had another Arbhor come among ns."- After he had appropriated tho Melbourne Cup he credited Mr Do Mostré with another raoe.just to pay expenses. . So much for '62,; whioh, to tho best of my belief, saw Mr De Mestre's last raoing tour to Melbourne [Our correspondent- seoms' to forget Archer's dofoat in the Ballarat Champion race.-ED J, though ho would have taken the big horse down the following ' season and run him «again for the Cup,1 with all the- weight, so I'm' told, if by'somo unlucky accident 'his accept- ance had not arrived just in time to be too late; The season of '63 did' not find him in great forco, for Exeter, had been sold to' go to China, where ! he has done- great things, and Lauristina- 'and Moss 'Rose constituted tho Terrara string, but without adding much to its celebrity, no'appearance being put in' at Randwick in the spring. In the autumn ot '64 four nags carno out in black at tho Metropolitan Meeting, of which Potentate credited himself with throe races, and Deerfoot ran Bccond fcr tho Leger, Ruby and Haidee making up the quartette ; and in the spring Jamberoo and Ruby wero the only representatives, and did not pull off a race. Tho following autumn brought out Bucketono as a two-yr-old j but only to bo not placed in tho A.J.C. Two-yr-old Stakes, won by Roso of Australia, with Pits ford Bscond; and at tho samo meeting Jamberoo won the Prince of \\* ales Stakes. Tho spring of 18G5 only saw the dofoat of Tim Whiffler in the Derby and Bruie Stakes ; whioh brings mo down to tho last meeting, at which the samo Bon of Cinderella beat Rose of Australia for the autumn Bruie. Suoh are tho principal ovents marking Mr Do Mestre's coroer on tho turf, and from them it will be gathered that of lato ho has boon de- cidedly out of luck, Araber and Exeter being about tho last of tho Heal Jam. Next spring will show us a chango, I fancy, in the fortunes of Terrara ; for there is an abundance of excellent material to work npon ; and I hopo tho atablo will regain a lot of its lost laurels. Tim Whiffler will be, to mr thinking, tho best of th« bunch at that time ; it will even give CosBaok (who 1 don't think cares much about a few pounds more or less to carry) all he knows, to gtvo Air Do Mcstro's colt 111b in tho four-year-old handicap. I suppose thoy will make another attempt to bring out Deerfoot, and tho rest of ¿he lot will bo composed of throo-yr-olds for the Derby "nd Spring Bruie - Mr Do Mostró is remarkable for his quiet, unpretend- ing way of oping to work. Ho keeps his horses at horan until a'few days before tho meetings, and when they arrive in Sydnoy thoro ia very little fuss and non sonso with them. Generally they oro up to tho murk as much as most others ; but although many persons may not fancy tho Terrara condition, nono can deny that the colts from there aro always quiet and courageous, and do not mind facing a crowd. In this particular Mr De Mostró stands very high, and wo all know full well how many a two-yr-old race is lost through a half-broken «ölt showing temper, and how many colts loso their temper entirely at titree years old, and oro never worth a rap afterwords, I'd os soon seo "Johnny Armstrong'* on thc i bick of a favorite os havo him all of a Int ii or when i stripped for his two-yr-old race in tho enclosure. Thu Terrara nags travel but little about tho oountry, they are , in fact, seldom soen except at Randwick, and I cannot | o*U to mind that Mr De Mestro has over gone on raoing f toura to any of the neighbouring colonies except Victoria, Beside* being a> real good turf man of the right aor t straightforward, honorablo, and . capital judge, Mr S « Meet re ia one of the iii ree'or four good gentlemen jocks' of thia colony, or at least of tho metropolitan district ¡ and when the Jockey Club get up an aristocratic scramble it ia worth a good seven pounds to RÍT» " Ktty" a leg up against almost all the roat, when ILr W. R. Templeton, arid that right jolly fellow "Joe Matthews," as his friends -call-him,-are disposed of. Tnko him,"lndeB*di' for all in al!, he liss no superior among tho "Turf- men of New South Wales," and I know I shall be joined by a perfect legion of his acquaintances in boping that he may Boon have tnothor Archer to carry tho pirate's Dolours to tho front for eorno of the. great races. I'm quite astonished to see so.few entrances from Victoria for 'tho Produce and other stskes that have lately closed here m Sydney. These slow-and-go-easy, cld-fashioned people of New South Wales are getting up some fine -raoes,-are they not ? - aad Flemington'muit'lopk^ .well" toJT itself,or aUitsljprfXiy« will vanish'. * ? ' A VICTORIAH'S OPINION OP RANEwidfe.-In the last number of the Australasian, " Peeping Tom" thus gives hts idea's on our late Metropolitan Meeting t-With re card to|tlte racing at Randwiok, l ean add very littlo to what your correspondent has sent you, although I con not endorse all his opinions as gospel ; for instance, ia the lieger, ono of the prettiest races that I have s ion for the first mils, and a cracker from beginning to end, he says Angler threw away a splendid chance for the prizo by bolting. I cannot think he ever had n chance mora than any other horse in the race. He did not bolt, but. swerved from the whip, which was being plentifully applied" to all the leading horses at the turn into tho straight, when The Pitsford, who had all along boen'on the waiN . ing suit, came through his horse?, and made the pace too hot for all of them. Cossack, a beau ideal of a rscehorso - and a son of Sir Hercules, was my pick previous to the race, and if ho had been as well as he waa' badly ridden he could not have lost. ' His ' subsequent running with another jockey up quito oonfirins mo in this opinion: Cossack is a dark .cliesnut, stands about fifteen three,' Uno bold head sot on to a lean arched neck, deep power ful shoulders, round barrel, strong back, and Tory' lengthy muscular hind quarters, with legs of iron. I closely watched this horse's training, and the amount of work he underwent was enough for two decent-consti tutioned horses- he is by far the bost youngster 'in the oblonies, and i should imagine quite the muster of Yat- tendon at.weight-for-age, good though the latter-bo. I cannot agreo with your correspondent! as to the state-" Tarragon was in. However grand a horse he is, hs could never have bad tho ghost of-a chance in the Cup with lOst. 101b. on him in such' a ' light; handicap, and previous to his start for the Queen's Piste the horse looked as well as I ever saw him; and his party made -a» ' sure of winning as if it were all over, de had done good - ? and fast work to,within a week of-, thc races, when :'his¿. condition was pronounced perfect. He trod upon.o stone, and hurt the frog of his foot. Ho: was kept in-doors for'three , or four .days, whioh could do his condition no harm, had a good gallop for the races, also, ono in tlte Cup on ,Thursday, and- although pulling up a' littlo lamo, hardly noticeable, he carno out for the., Queen's Guineas 'on" Saturday ,'jfit ss a fiddle." I heard Idiggerson whilst walking, his horse to tho post, say to Mr Thompson,-tho owner of Cossack-who jokingly asked Johnny to havo, mercy, on his youngster and, not distanco him-that hts horse never was better. Hew-' ever, the running of the race is tho proof of what I aver. The time was 5min 54 seo for three 'miles. For the first' .half mile all were holding hard-time, lmin 6 soc.; they ., then set to work, the two, Cossack and Tarragon, going at a tremendous pace, leaving Canobie hopelessly in the rea/ ' I wa* ff a-ful that euch a pace would cook the young one bntasthey came past the stand Cossack was leading, well, in hand ; at the baok ofthe course thc old hors« made two , desperate rushes, and got to his tail each time, but only to. fallback again, and although Higgerson plied whip rind spur coming up' the straight tho last time, tb» three-yr-old was let out, and won by several lengths with ease, and without ever being asked. Nqwifyou take one minute and six seconds from five minutes and fifty-four seconds, it leaves four minutes . and forty-eight seoonds for two milos anda half, or. at literate ol'three miles in flvo min- utes forty- five seconds, a paco unprecedented over the Randwick course, and I firmly believe from th» ease with which Cosssck won, he could hare sustained this- rapid pace throughout tho three milos, or nt all events within, two seconds of it, more especially after, running and win- ning a fast race of a milo and a quarter an hour before. And now a few words anent Yattendon and,, his party. Ho is one of those horses that would deceive the best, judge in his training, as he is a lazy goer and . gallops with a deal of knee action .until ha is. fairly extended: Any one Beeinghimin his clothes with old Sam Holm»»' up of a morning taking a breather, might make a mistake,. He vron his race, however, like a racehorse, and is no doubt a good animal for two miles, butl should doubt his ability, to get much beyond this distance. From- tho manner he won the Gold Cup on Thursday, and tho City Handicap on Friday, the publier heaped their mo noy on him for the Queen's Plate, to bs. run oa Saturday. Calcutta sweeps were drawn in the evening at Tattersall's. Yattendon was eagerly bid for, and pur-, chased at a long figure, and after all tho investments we're made, at eleven at night he was scratched. Why scratch a horse.at eleven at night after hundreds had been in- vested on him? Tho horse was engaged in the Rand- ' wick Handicap as .well for Saturday; so the public imagined his owner thought his chance better in tho mile and a quarter spin than:for,three miles,' though he took such a long time and unseasonable an hour to moko up his mind.- - To: retrieve' their losses, his backers piled it ' on for the Randwick Handicap in-the'morning, and.all. the double and treble bets inoluded 'Yattendon for this event, j Outof the.frying-pan. into tho Uro, their con- sternation was great on arriving at tho course to find ? thal at lone o'clock he. had been soratobed for this race as'well. If anything was wrong with tbs horse, he ought to have had the pen put through his name for both events at the same time ; but thens waa nothing wrong,, as he waa brought out in tho afternoon-looking - quite fresh and wold, and1 ran with tho'top weight 9s t 61 bs for tho Forced Handicap, amidst the jeers, hisses, and yells of the assembled xnaltitude. No unfortunate 1 curlet loosoupon a racecourse evor received »itch a hoot- '. ing reception as did Ham Holmes and Yattendon. Twas ' sorry for Sam, for he was as muon,' bewildered about the ' scratchings as any one elso. . . No reason was made public for this unaccountable proceeding, and no notice was taken of it by the authorities. If tho horse bad not boon ' brought out for the Forced-Handicap, the publio might have imagined thora was some tangiólo reason for his sot starting for the other races; but seeing him come out. .'frosh and blooming- their indignation know no bounds. I'think he could'have won this event os well, with all his bumping weight ; but Holmes;-'who is getting timid in his'old age, -preferred waiting behind, and in piece of gettingi'.'through KisT horses-as ' opportunities occurred-took tho safer oout-se of going round them, ! and' .allowing Mr 'Tait to secure - hil Bixth victory at the meeting with,Warwick ; and as ho had none tho best pf the weights, to his great astonish- ment. Yattendon has grown inte a fine horse, and his condition reflects the greatest credit on -his trainer ;. every muscle of his body was fully developed, his coat a glossy black, and his eyo as clear as crystal. Ho stands sixteen hands at least, rather leggy, bock ribs light, short barrel; with a vory strong muscular bask and powerful hind quarters. His legs are clean, but long from tho kneo downwards. In motion his action -, is high, but when oxtended ho goes with a long and powerful sweep. In tho saddling paddock, ho walked. and lookod every inch a winner, and would bo o danger- ous customer is the next Melbourne Cup with Hst on his back. As to the two-year-olds-Fishhook nnd Budelighfc look the best on papor; but not to to ray thinking. Tho Barb, another Bon of Sir Hercules, a real gem of » ' horse, and as strong and woll put together as one would wish to see, met them in tho Two-year-old Stake«, and paced with them all tho way to tho distance post, when Budelight swerved, and drove The Barb aoross the course, which destroyed all his chance of the roeo. When Mr Tait accused the rider of Budelight of doing , it wilfully, tho lad acknowledged tho fact, but said, ho uould not possibly help it. Mr 'Tait accordingly «. fraincd from entering a protest. Under the ' circum- stances, why the handicapper should havo made a stone , difference botwoon Fishhook and Tho Harb in the Nur- sery Handicap, I am at a loss to know. Perhaps ho was not watching tho race. However, stono or no stone, tho publio would havo nothing but the invincible'Hook " by hook or by crook ho must win." Determined not to bo in danger this time, Tho Barb rnado tho running from tho commoncement. Fisher's two could novcr catch him; and ho carno in an easy winner by longthf, without being touched, throe-quarters of a milo in lrain. lihoc. The raoo of tho first day took lmin. 23soo. for »lie saino distance. Tho Barb won his raoo with ease, with lota in hand. Fisher's two were both- sovorely punished, and were exactly four seconds from the winner. Their positions in this race settle tho nbsurd assertion that Fishhook was allowed to win tho firBt doy en Bufler onco, and although the Barb carried a stone less than Fishhook, ho had all that to spore in a three- quarters of » mile Bpin. His running tho first day. oonvinccs me of this. Mr Tait was very sanguino about this raco. Ho know from trials his oolt could beatthetimoofthsfintraeo by several seeonds, and hia rejoicing«, were only exoeodeov ty hil mental calculations, " if Fishhook waa worth 3,60 cnineaäj'what was the rallia'*of the .Barb?" when he a lut got ralieved bysolving the problem, "5,000 guinem atlesat." I do not think ari much of Bylong as won p<oplexfor althong he beat Budelight in tho Nursery, hi hid a very light burdon to carry, und be looks quality That he isa good useful colt I hero no doubt, but no thing more. T fancied Sir John, Judgo Cheek o' colt, as a fine upstanding horse, full of quality and good points, with plenty of size, but in no condition, having gone smiss previous to the race«. MrEnlea's colt, Old England bred on tho limiter, is also a gaeat strapping horse, but did not put in aa appearance at Randwick owing to an accident, "although lie was brought down to messum strides with the great Fisherman tribe. The result ol next year's D'çrb'y in Sy dney, where so many..'of thc jidiernian stock aro engaged,' will be looked forward ta . with great in tares t, and 1 cannot h«lp thinking, grand horses though they be,.Mr Filgate will not have that rojy time, of it .that his ovor sanguino temperament leads bim to ex poet, should those three hones I have mention- ed ceme, flt to the post. | Mush moro speculation in horse-rac'ng takes place in Sydney than I was led to expect-as much, if not moro, thin there is in Melbourne, and there are many more private gentlemen engnged in . the sport. Tattersalls room, which is. much more commodious for thc purpose thin our limited accommodation at the Albion, wai nightly woll attended, and on some occasions very full, bunnin novar scorned to ting . and whoa tho metallicors slacked their operiitions, Calcutta sweeps on all the evonti were largely dealt in. A couple of clerks got full em- ployment and good pay, five per cont being deducted for expenses, and the business was carried on in an orthodox manner, the auctioneer crowing quito oloquer.t at times on the merits of the favourites, several thousands of pounds being invested in this way during a meeting, b'omeof the bookmaVer» objeot to this system of specu- lation, ss interfering with their business] but Iain of opinion they aro quito mistaken, and if such.a system were ante adopted with us, it would be tho moans of drawing together many a full roora, instead of tho hum dram meetings whi-ih have lat ly taken placo in the Albion,Hie result all talk and no business ; and many more bets would be booked in a full meeting of sporting men than' when the audience is chiefly ' composed of bookmakers."- - ' 1 Taking them fórall in all, tlie Sydneyites are 'doing re- markably *i »ll, -and their late Randwick Meeting 'was a most decided'succcss. '- ?? '' '?'? 