[?] ???;.???? '' — -T— -♦— ? ETHEL VANE. i-$ras .spending the winter in Washington— whither ^my husband's business had called him— accompanied by Ethel Vane, a highly valued friend. I 'wish 1 could describe Ethel as she appeared to me on that sunshiny January morn ing, as we sat alone in our pleasant parlor at the ? i_ Hotel. There was a charm— a certain something in her very look and motion, which increased my . admiration and love of her, and yet I could not tell what it was; and anyone might have seen that she was beautiful, graceful j and accomplished, and yet it was none of these that imparted that strange charm to her manner nor; was it in the warm- hearted affection which shone forth in all her intercourse with me. It might have been these all combined, I cannot ? say, but certain it was that nowhere, amid all the circle of my acquaintances, was there one who would, in any way, compare with my peer less -Ethel. And wherever she moved society accorded her the same homage which my heart gave her. No doubt her known wealth increased the- world's admiration, and the mystery which enveloped her past life among us for the past five.years, no one— not even her most intimate friends— knew aught concerning the past. There was a report she had been an inmate of an insane . asylum, but the truth of it no one knew. I sometimes thought it might have been so, and it was that which occasioned the deep melan choly which at times settled upon her, and gave the Jook of deep sorrow to her beautiful dark eyes. -.,..- She seemed to avoid all mention of the past, and .intimate as we had been for years, I had never ventured to allude to it in her hearing. One thing which puzzled me more than any thing else was her persistent refusal of every offer of marriage which she received. With the naturally affectionate disposition which I knew she possessed, and her evident enjoyment of the pleasures of domestic life, it seemed very singular that she had never married. Many advantageous offers I knew she had received, and from circum. stances connected with her refusal of them I became convinced that there was some deeper cause than mere fancy for it. It. .was of this that 1 was thinking on that morning as I lay on the sofa watching her as she ! worked away busily on the same piece of fanoy work. She was unaware of my scrutiny, and' I saw, with a feeling of pain, the old sorrow ful look in her dark eyes. 'Ethel,' 1 said at last, 'do lay aside that tiresome work, and come here and talk to me.' The shadow fled from her eyes, and taking a vacant seat beside me, she said with a quiet smile. .,..? 1 1 obey with pleasure, dear Edith, only tell me what the subject shall be V ?Yourself, Ethel ; tell me of yourself,' I said earnestly. . ' A dull subject I am afraid you will find it ; but what shall I tell you of myself ?' 'Why /will you not marry.' 'Perhaps no one cares enough for me to ask me to marry them.' was her answer, with the same- quiet smile. 'Nonsense, Ethel,' 1 said half impatiently. ' You have refused more offers than other ?woman of my acquaintance. There is Colonel Dantbn, now— rich, talented, and handsome, and every one says desperately in love with you — surely you could not ask for a better husband.' I regretted in a moment having spoken so, for the shadow returned to her eyes, and a look of intense pain passed over her face as she hurriedly answered. ' ' 0, Edith, if 1 only dared to tell you the events of my past life, you would know how utterly im posaiftle it is for me to ever marry, and, least of »11, Colonel Dalton.' ' And why do you not dare to tell me, dear Ethel, ?' I asked winding my arm about her and drawing her nearer me. ' Surely you have nothing to tell but what I should sympathise ?with,1 and love you all the more for the deep sorrow you seem to have known.' ' Edith,' she said, firmly, turning her eyes lull upon my face, 'there are scenes in my past life of which I have never spoken, and ?which, if known to the world, would brand my name with everlasting disgrace. I know what you would'say, Edith,' she continued, as I was about to speak, '1 know how impossible all 'this appears to you, yet it is true,' and even you, 'writh all your love, will, I fear, turn from me ?when! you know all ; yet I will tell you, for I liave ^carried this riecret so many years that it ?Would 'bo a relief to me to tell it to a true friend, Such as I know you to be, even if I forfeited ihat friendship by go doing.' ' Neyer''f&ri;,t]^t,; aear)Ettielt'; I said earn* ?pAlj.: ?' 'Whatever ihis sad story may be, reat assured it can never change my friendship, for it is founded on what you have been to me since 1 knew you, and no matter what your past life may have been, it cannot affect my feelings towards you.' 'Thank you for your kind wishes, Edith,' she said, with deep feeling ; ' 1 hope you may say the same when you know all.' Then drawing an ottoman to her feet; and leaning back'in her easy chair, she commenced — 'You must know in the first place, Edith, that I have not always been the possessor of wealth ; on the contrary, my parents were what you would call poor, although in the quiet neighbourhood in which they lived they were considered in very comfortable circumstances. All that they could really spare was devoted to my education, so that upon my return from the seminary where I had been graduated, I willingly accepted the offer of a situation as assistant teacher in a select school some few miles from home. I had acquaintances — a young lawyer named Arthur Danton and his wife — who lived near the school, and with whom I boarded ; and as my duties were light I enjoyed my situation very much. ' During my first term there I became ac quainted with Arthur's younger brother. Qur intimacy soon ripened into love, and upon my return home at the close of the term, we were formally betrothed, with the consent . of my parents. You know something of my nature, Edith, and can judge that when I loved at all how deep and absorbing that affection must have been. All the wealth of affection I bes towed on Earnest Danton, and received the same in return. The next term of school passed quickly and pleasantly. There was not in the world a happier mortal than I was at that time. No cloud obscured my happiess, but they came only too soon. 'Upon my return home, at the close of my second term of school, I fancied there was some constraint in my parent's greeting, but being unable to account for it I allowed it to pass un noticed. But 1 learned the cause, when, a few days later, Earnest came, and was told by my father that from henceforth his visits to me must cease, arid the engagement between us be immediately broken, as he would never consent that a daughter of his should mairy a man of disreputable character. In vain Earnest asked for an explanation ; my father sternly refused to give one, merely saying that from circum stances which had recently come to his know ledge, he considered him unfit to become my husband, and he desired him in future never to enter his house, or seek in any way to hold com munication with me. I was not present during the interview, and Earnest desired to see me, but my father refused telling him it was useless for as soon as he informed me of the circum stances to which he had referred, I would coin cide with him, and it would be better to part without farther words. 'Utterly astounded at what he had heard, and unable to imagine what it meant, Ernest left the house, assuring my father that he should by some means, obtain an interview with me unless I desired him not to. You may imagine what were my feelings when this was communi cated to me, together with the reasons for it, for .there was no attempt made to conceal from me the circumstances so sternly withheld from i Ernest. My heart grew sick and my brain well nigh crazed as they were unfolded to me. I cannot think of them calmly even now after half a score of years have passed. How any one, save a fiend from the infernal regions, could ; have invented such shameful, disgraceful stories, . is more than I can tell ; but some demon in human gnise had repeated to my parents what it would blister my tongue to speak, and which blackened and blasted Ernest Danton's character until he stood forth an object too degraded for the respect of any decent person. Had not my love for, and confidence to him been a part of my very life, they would have been utterly destroyed by these cunningly contrived falsehoods, yet as ] confident as I was of his innocence 1 could not prove even the least of them false. 'My parents utterly refused to give the name of their informant, only assuring me that it was a person of unbounded veracity. That it was some one intimately acquainted with every circumstance of his private life, I could not doubt, for slight circumstances, of importance in themselves, but which I knew had actually occurred, were so artfully interwoven with a tissue of falsehood as to make it all appear true, and every attempt at vindication only made him appear the more consummate hypocrite and villain. 'Earnestly I entreated my father to make known to Ernest these reports, together with his informant's name, and thereby give him the opportunity to defend himself from such charges, but ho firmly refused, for believing them to be truey ' he considered it utterly unnecessary,' he said 'to give him the opportunity of adding falsehood to his already sufficiently disgraceful conduct.' In vain I urged and entreated; he utterly refused to have anything farther to do with him, and forbade my doing so. If he really believed, as he professed to, that all this was true, I could not blame him for doing as he did ; but believing Ernest entirely innocent, I could not conscientiously do differently from what I .did, which was to refuse to break my engage ment with him until some farther proof was brought. Erneat, true to his promise, found, means to obtain an interview with me, and I communicated to him all I had learned regarding the unhappy cause of our separation. As much astonished as I had been, he could only deny the charges, utterly unable to prove their falsity until he could learn the name of his calumnia tor. Vainly he endeavoured to gain some clue but in all the circle of his aquaintance there was not one to whom he thought would have dared to lay so vile a charge.' 'He sought my father, and demanded the name of his traducer, but he was refused as before, and told that the best course for him to pursue was to let the subject drop altogether, for making it public would only ruin his character, without aiding him in the least. This he would not do, but after two weeks of unavailing effort he determined to join a party then forming for California, hoping that a year's absence would change my father's feelings.' 'In less than a week his business had been hastily settled, and he had set sail for the land of gold.' ' Two weeks from the day of his departure, the paper brought me the news of the wrecking of the vessel and his name was among the list of passengers lost.' 'I believe 1 must have been mad from that hour, for in no other manner can I account for the sad events which followed. My father, really conscience-stricken at Ernest's sad death at last disclosed his traducer's name ; and what was my horror at hearing it was Lucy Dalton his own brother's wife ! I remembered then of her paying them a visit only a few weeks prior to my return home, but little did I think at the time of the irreparable mischief she had done me !' No wonder, knowing her near relationship to Ernest, my father had implicitly believed her falsehoods ! 1 do not say that she invented them, but when she repeated them with her ovsn false colouring, she must have known, if she stopped to think at all, that were false. Had my parents understood Lucy Danton's character as well as 1 did, they might have doubted her statements, but as it was their believing them had accom plished more than she intended. Knowing, as I did, that she was an inveterate gossip, who spared not even her best f rends, I understood it all. She had heard from some evil-minded per son suspicions repeated of probably the founda tion of these reports, and with her natural love of slander, she had caught up, and enlarged, and added to them circumstance which she knew to be true, until the opportunity offered, when she poured the whole vile libel into my mother's ear, of course with many protestations that it was only for my sake ; and exacting the promise that her name should never be disclosed. ' I do not think she really thought of the terrible mischief she was doing, but for all that I felt that, in the sight of God, she was Ernest's murderer, and the most terrible thoughts of revenge filled my brain day and night after it became known to me. With the same intense earnestness with which I had loved the dead, did I now hate the living ; and to wreck her happiness — to make her suffer something of the terrible sorrow she had' caused 'me, was all 1 cared to live for. To accomplish this I must Btrike her through the affections, but how to do this was for a long time my anxious study. 'With all her her faults she loved husband deeply, but I could never believe that he re turned it in like manner, and there was ever, it seemed to me a jealous fear on her part lest she should lose him altogether. This suggested a means of revenge. I knew if I could lead her to think her husband's love entirely lost to her, and bestowed upon another, it would cause her more sorrow than it was possible to inflict in any other manner. I shudder even now at my coolly laid plans. I know how despicable revenge is in any person, and how much more so in a woman ; but the in j ustice and wrong done Ernest had changed Hie from a gentle, loving girl, to a bitter, revengeful woman, and so much had I dwelt upon the subject,' that my ideas of right and wrong had become so warped, that I be lieved my revenge only justice 1 Oh, if I then had only remembered Him who hath said, ?Vengeance is mine,' I will repay!' how much of remorse it might have saved me 1 ' The time finally arrived, and I returned once more to my duties. My parents' were greatly surprised at my intention of returDing to my old home at Arthur's but as I had carefully concealed my feelings, they believed that in my sorrow for my loss I had forgotten Lucy's con nection with it. It was as well, for had they known all, they could not have prevented my accomplishing my purpose. ' ' I was met by both Arthur and his wife with1 , a hearty welcome and words of tender sympathy Arthur's I knew were sincere, but Lucy's — now - my heart throbbed with hatred at sight of her ; but I concealed my feelings, and met her as plea santly as if I felt the same, friendship as when we parted. And through the next three months I acted that lie— smiling and speaking pleasant ' words, while ever betwen us was my murdered Earnest and my bitter hatred of her. Whether;, , she knew the result of her shameful slander be yond what she must have mistrusted, I never knew, for I could learn no more from her manner than she could from mine. *' My plans were easily carried into effect, for as I said before, there was very little love on Arthur's part for his wife ; not but that he was a kind husband, ever considerate of her slightest wish, but there was no congenialitybetweenthem ;. ':. she did not possess cultivation or even intellec- . tual ability sufficient to understand or sympa thize with him in his pursuits and pleasures. I had known .all this before, but now I intended, to use this knowledge for my own purpose. ' I first commenced to speak of his business,, gradually drawing him into the conversation, until at last he came to speak of its most minute- '[ details, as if I had been a brother lawyer, whose opinion was of the utmost importance.. , From business I led him to literature, music, and the fine arts, my ready sympathy arid quick comprehension of all his views adding greatly to ,'V the pleasure of conversation on these topics, all of which was done in such a manner that neither of them saw any effort on my part to either en tertain or amuse him. It is unnecessary to dwell upon the details ; suffice it that my pur- : pose was fully accomplished. I saw Lucy's face grow more pale and troubled every day, and at heart 1 rejoiced over the agony I knew shemiisfc endure, but no word escaped her ; she was too- proud to acknowledge even to her husband that she believed he loved another. 'The last month dragged wearily on, and I was thankful when the time arrived for school to close. I refused to enter into an engagement for another term. I was sick of my revenge;, all that I wanted was to speak freely to Lucy Danton, and then leave the place for ever. School was closed and the last night of my stay arrived. Full of sad and bitter thoughts I had wandered out upon the piazza. It was a beauti ful summer night, and the moon shed a clear, soft light over all surrounding objects, but I saw nothing of the beauty around me, I was only thinking of the bitter past and the sad, sad/v future. A sudden movement near me caused me to turn my head and I saw Arthur leaning; against one of the pillars. I turned to re-enter the house — for I had no desire to converse with him then — when his voice arrested me. ' 'Ethel, ' he said, ' is it true that you are not to return here again ? ' '¥es, I am' tired of the situation,' I an swered; 'I think I have staid here long enough.' ' Too long ! altogether too long,' he repeated bitterly. Then coming to my side and speaking;' in strange, vehement tones, he continued : ' ' Ethel Vane, do you know it would have better for us had we never met? Had it not been for these past few months I might have gone through life deceiving myself into the be lief that I was happy, but you have unde ceived me ; I have awakened to the know ledge that I am chained for life to a woman I cannot love — with whom I have not even one feeling in common— and that I love madly, pas« sionate'ly one I can never hope to call mine. ,Do you know it, Ethel ? Do you know I love you better than I ever believed it possible for man ta love ? , No wonder you shrink in horror at thet thought that I, the husband of another, dare to love vou. and dare to tell vou so ! Tell me. EtlieL is it true, or have I wilfully deceived my* self into believing that yon loved me also !' ' I had tried in vain to check him, and now i filled with shame and remorse, I could scarcely find words to answer, but the old feeling of bitterness arose again, and with rapid utterance I poured 'forth' all the story of the past the wrong 1 had suffered, the sorrow 1 had endured^ ? all my bitter hatred and inglorious revenge. . 'May God forgive me, Arthur, the great wrong I have done you !' I said sadly, at its '? conclusion, all the bitterness of my heart dying out at sight of his agonized face. I never dreamed it could come to this. I see now all the heidousness of the crime r have committed, and I would willingly give my life could I undo it ! Forgive me, and forget that w ever met' a*' Soon as I c^ossyoiir tfrteaub'ldi*' ? '.'. ' (''.,': ''.'_ ?d-od I had died. ere.. this came to my knowledge ! I have been mad -worse than mad! But it is too late to remedy ic now, f or, ? Ethel Vane!, I \- must, I will say it, I would give all I am, all I '- ever hope to be, could I honourably win your lore! I ? ' ' A deep, groan, the fall of some heavy body, ' interrupted him. I started in terror, but as a 'sudden thought struck me, I sprang to the par lour window, which opened on the piazza. As I expected the moonlight revealed Lucy Danton, lying cold and lifeless on the floor. She had over heard our conversation and fainted, so I ,. u, thought ; bat as Arthur sprang through the low ' ' window and lifted her from the floor, the truth was revealed — she was dead. ' 0 God ! was I not fearfully avenged? Never to my dying day shall I forget the agonizing horror and remorse of that hour! What fol lowed I remember only as some terrible dream. I have a faint remembrance of the family phy sician pronouncing the cause of her death a sudden attack of heart disease, to which for years she had been subject. I know there was a funeral, where every word of the man of God fell like drops of molten lead on my heart, and every blessing seemed like the curse of God to my soul. I know T begged to be taken home as soon as it was over, and my parting with Arthur seemed stamped in characters of fire to my memory. His white, agonised face, the deep lines of care and sorrow on the broad brow, and the threads of silver amid his hair, betrayed the suffering of the past forty-eight hours ; it sent a keener pang of agony to my heart as I thought it was all my work. 'Would to God 1 had died ere I wrecked your happiness thus,' I said, bitterly, as he bade me good-bye. 'In years to come strive to forgive me, I have wronged you too deeply to ask it dow.' How I reached home I never knew, for all from that time until I recovered my reason, more than two years after, in an insane asylum, is a blank. What transpired during that inter val I afterwards learned from my friends. I was delirous the first night of my arrival, and the physician hastily summoned pronounced it a violent attack of brain fever. For weeks T lingered on the verge of the grave, but health at last returned, but reason was gone many ?feared for ever. ' During my sickness Arthur closed his busi. . ness, sold his property and removed to the West. Previous to his departure he called upon me, but there was no reason to recognise him, and 1 only called wildly upon Earnest, refusing to speak any other name. And thus during all my insanity my poor cracked lips jealously guarded my sad secret, only speaking of my great sorrow at Ernest's death, and this they all believed the cause of it. 'My father, and mother were both dead when I recovered my reason, and I was alone in the world, with theexception of an' aged relative, who widowed and childless, gladly took me to her home and heart, and at her. death a year after left me heiress of all her wealth. 'For two years'.! lived in utter seclusion, until my, deep, and unavailing sorrow over my doubly darkened life, had nearly brought me to ? any old home in the asylum, and to save myself from it I at last came to New York 'and mingled with the world, but I have little peace, for the haunting ghost of the past ever comes between me and every hope of happiness. Arthur Dan ? ton I never saw again until we met him a few weeks ago here in Washington.' ' What' I asked in surprise, 'is the Colonel ? Dariton of our acquaintance, the Arthur of whom ? you have been speaking ?'.for in my interest in her stoiy I 'had not before thought of the simi larity of name: 'Certainly he has been practising law in Cincinnatti since then, where he met with much success, but at the breaking out of the rebellion he left his business and entered the army. He is here now only for a short time on official busi ness. Do you wonder now that I should say I could never marry him or ever marry at all ? I should fear if I did that the retributive justice of Heaven would, mete but to me the. -same mea sure of sorrow I gave to others.' The strange story was ended, and what could I say ? Not that I loved my poor, suffering Ethel, less, but, on the contrary, my love for her grew with my sympathy for the blasted hopes of her young life. She had sinned deeply, and as a wife I could not look lightly on that sin, yet if the deep wrong, which half maddened and tempted her to it, was no palliation, I could not V but feel that the long years of sorrow and re pentance had, in a measure, atoned for it ; and I could not but believe it forgiven of God ; and so I told her, with many words of earnest love , .and sympathy. , '. . vi.Ethel has 'been more. cheerful since; that morn ing^ and I hope yet to see her a happy wife, but when I speak of it she only smiles sadly, and answers, ' ' ' : ? ' ; 'Never!' ' ..' V: ;'/;.,/ ' \ ?'.'.[ ' Sometimes when T see. Colonel Danton,. with his dark locks threaded with silver, and his noble brow penciled with lines of care, and I know that years of unavailing sorrow and remorse have planted them there, I glance from him to Ethel, wishing it might be, yet not daring to breatha that wish. Yet I still hope and pray, that in God's good time, those two hearts who have sinned and suffered, may yet enjoy peace and happiness, even on this side of the river ! 