GEOBGE FRANCIS TEAIN AND THE FENIANS. This gentleman, who ie not unknown to fame111 Melbourne, has been distinguishing himself lately in connection with the Fenian movement, in a most extraordinary manner. The committee appointed to organise the man meeting of tbe Fenian Brotherhood, to be held at Philadelphia on the 16th, have invited Mr George Francis Train to attend, and Mr Train haa replied in a very characteristic letter. The New York Daily Ntirs puta tbe letter before its readers. Mr Tram'a ietber ia principally made up of poetry. Ha opens with the following :— "Little Ireland, great in story, mother of immortal men, Great in courage, great in 3I017, dear in Freedom's tongue and pen 1 If English lords combine to brave thee, Irish hearts win dare tbe fight; Irish bauds will die to tave thee—Ireland strong In Irish right, Ireland over Whatsoe'er befall; If we 6gbt or die, Ireland orer all. " Yefl, and no. No this week and next, but yet on Monday—the 16th. Can you get the Academy P The Congress of Fenian orators meet in Philadelphia on that day. Ton shall take two thousand dollars that night. For liberty or death—don't forget. I am not a Fenian, but a long- tried friend of your race aud country. Tho Fenian Brotherhood will, of course, keep out of our partita a politics, O'Mabony told me, two years ago, that most Irish leaders had failed by mixing up American polities with Irish nationality and aa Roberts told them the other night at the Cooper Institute—any member of the Order using its funds, or.it* powers, for political purposes, ought to be kicked out. So consider my ap^eb national, not sectional, and do not expert me to touch upon your state or local elections. The stench of decaying politicians of the Baltimore, Cleveland and Chicago conventions are still offensive to the air. When the revolution of American independence closed, in 1783, Europe, a few rears later, was thrown into convulsions tbat lasted for twenty years You remember Emmet aud the men of Ninetyeight ? Our revolution orer, England s will commence. Before, they waited six years. Now, sir months seem long. England haa got the nightmare. Death, on the pale horse, is at her door. Bancho's ghost will not down. Did you hear the old harlot laugh, the other day ? How her teeth rattled. You can hear her bones shake by ereiy mail. That laughter is unnatural, for tt is over the grare of our outraged nation." After quotiug a few passages of the " viper of the Wert," Mr Train continues :—" If men drilling with sticks, in the night time, can frighten ber so, what will they do when rifles are tued iu broad daylight ? The Saxons Bay there is nothing in the Celtic movement. Then, why put battalions under arms and send war-ships along the Irish coast ? If the pickets cause such a fight, for God's sake what will happen when O'Mahony gires the order for the army to more?" Mr Train here again bursts Into rerie, and having thus relieved himself of the pressure of his enthusiasm, ia able to resume the calmer style of prose. " Philadelphia is printing the bonds <»f the Irish Kepublie; why not take a leaf from modem tustorr ? Send over one hundred thousand dollars to London. Gi>e a banquet at the Confederate headquarters, and place the bond under the plate of Delane, Spenoe, Sampson, Brestford, Hope, aud Lord Palmeraton's private secretary. Thvse honest newspapers would sell En 4ftnd quicker than they would their own pockets. Be tare and hail that English patriot Spenco, the Liverpool tin merchant ; then give L odtey the chartering of Irish transports; give &urd; an order for Irish rams j give Gregory the Parliamentary agency j make Aier. Baring (the Uaion representative of the American Government) chairman of the Irish Independent Association, and then everything will be in accordance to international law. Ireland fights for independence, England for empire. Major General ———— wauts strong men when he inarches on * * • *. Admiral needs strong sailors when tbe fleet* run tbe blockade of « * * Oood-bye, with a cheer for the Irish girls aud Irish boys of Philadelphia. " Little Wand, first In aolence, first In letters, first In fame, Truth's example and relianoe, brave, and worthy nl tbe name] Other nations truth are apurning, rise,acd fall, and paas away 1 Ireland, with her lantern burning, standi superior to- day. Ireland over all. Whosoe'er befall j If we lire or die Ireland over all. " All right for Monday, the 16th." And the gentlemen to whom this document haa been addressed gravely thanks Mr Train for his patriotic vindication of their cause, and accepts his proffered assistance. 