INSOLVENCY MEETING. Yesterday an adjourned singlo meeting in the estate of William Petty, farmer, of tho Yass River, was hold before tho district commissioner. Thero wore present, Mr. Laidlaw. Mr. D. Davis. Mr. Cottrcll. Mr. Lawson for Mr. T. Barber, and Mr. Arthur Leary. Mr. Wilkinson solicitor, ap peared for insolvent, who was also present. The district commissioner opened the proceedings 4iy stating that lie had sent to Sydney the proceed ings of the previous meeting, nnd had received a letter from Mr. Soinpill. the official assignee, con firming the resolution of the lust meuiing to the effect that insolvent be required to produce all books, papers, and receipts that be could show. The district commissioner then opened the meeting, and stated that since the last meeting he. had received a claim for 51, 4s. 3d., made by Mr. Thomas Barber, for goods sold and delivered. Insolvent ndmittcd the claim. A claim also by Mr. Owen Furiicr, of Goulburn, made by Mr. E. Howard, of Yass, for 21/. lis. 8d., on a bill of exchange, had been made. Insolvent disputed this claim, stating that the debt due by him to Furner was only 171. 3s. Gd., which amount was sot forth in his (insolvent's) schedule. Mr. Wilkinson said that as claimant had ob tained a judgment in the Goulburn District Court for the larger amount tho claim could not bo dis puted. The district commissioner noted the objection of insolvent to the claim. The district commissioner having asked insolvent if lie had any books to produce, as was re quired by the letter from tho Official Assignee, and on insolvent stating that lie had none, Mr. Wilkinson said that insolvent was a farmer, and those sort of people never kept hooks. The district commissioner, addressing insolvent, said, " You stated at the previous meeting that you had books." Mr. Wilkinson observed that if the commissioner had taken that down, he had taken down insol vent's nnswer wrongly. Mr. Cottrell said that the special purpose for which the meeting had been adjourned, was to get tho insolvent's books afid receipls, the vouchers l'or the expenditure set forth in tho statement liandud in at the last meeting, and other papers eonnc:tcd with the estato. Mr. Laidlaw to insolvent: Have you any re ceipts ? Insolvent : I have two receipts, Leary's and James Davis's. Mr. Laidlaw : Where aro they ? _ ... Insolvent: I have not brought them in'; I did not bring them in because I did not think they would he required. To Mr. Wilkinson : I am no sdholnr. Mr. Laidlaw : You are not so ignorant as you would wish us to suppose. Insolvent to Mr. Laidlaw :. I searched for the receipts and could not find them, except the two. I was told at the last meeting to bring the receipts in, but I have not brought them in ; 1 brought no papers to Y'ass to day, no accounts : I bought the waggon and horses from Leary a good bit before Christmas, about seven weeks ; I gave liini Leary promissory notes at tho time, one for 1 Ul)/. the other for 25 1. ; I do not know how long after the purchase I ' sold them, it might bo three or four months; I paid Leary 25/. out of the 125/.; I never told any one that I would not pay the balance. air. wuitinson objected to JUiv Laidlaw quosr tioning the insolvent respecting any other debts than that due to him. Mr. Laidlaw said that as a creditor of the estate he had a right to put any questions lie thought proper, as such questions would bo to the general interest of the creditors. Beyond that, he had the written authority of Mr. Leary, to act for him as agent. Mr. Wilkinson submitted that Mr. Laidlaw had no right tu pat any questions to insolvent other than had reference to his (Mr. Laidlaw's) claim. The creditor (Mr. Leary) was present and lie could put the questions. Mr. .Laidlaw said that although insolvent was present, Mr. Wilkinson nppoaved for him and ques tioned the creditors. Mr. Laidlaw then produced Mr. Leary's written authority to act and vote on his behalf. The district commissioner said that Mr. Laidlaw had a right to put the questions he had done. Mr. Wilkinson requested that as such had been the ruling of tho district commissioner lie would apply that tlie objection taken be noted on the margin of tho proceedings, as lie (Mr. Wilkinson) would tako care that all the answers were ex punged. Insolvent further examined by Mr. Laidlaw : To my knowledge i never said that 1 would not pay Leary tlie hundred pounds. 1 said that if I did not have iti lie oould not get it ; 1 am at the pro- sent time working two of James Davis's horses ; I liavo worked tlicm since my insolvency : I am working one of the horses I sold to Davis ; tlie other horse was Davis's previously. Mr. Wilkinson said he .should object to the whole of this examination. What had Davis and his horse to do with Mr. Laidlaw P Examination continued : I do not pay anytlung to Davis for working them ; 1 account for spend ing so much money as set forth in tho statement of disimbursomcnts put in at tho last meeting, in my journey to Sydney by the expense of paddocks, toll-bars, horsc-sliocing, my own expenses, and a little horse-feed. To Mr. Laidlaw : What do you call your own expenses.? , Insolvent : I call my own expenses my " grub bing." Examination continued: It cost mo 15/. for one journey to Sydney : i think there are eight or nine toll-bars on the road; that was the'time I spent the 20/. in Sydnev, and it wns after the bad crop I had ; it was before I sold Leary's waggon ; I said I had gone into the Insolvent Court because I got sued ; L had a summons for more than It. at tho time 1 went to Mr. Wilkinson insolvent's attorney ; I had a summons from Furner; I cannot say for how much he. was suing me, it was fur more than I owed him ; I think it was for 22/. 3s. Gd. Mr. Wilkinson again objected to insolvent being examined by Mr. Laidlaw as to what lie (insolvent) was due to Furner. Although Mr. Laidlaw had an authority in writing to act for Leary, he had none whatever to do so for Furner. Examination continued : I brought a few shil lings into town to-day, they were given me by Mrs. James Davis to bring a lew tilings out for her; 1 never gave Tibby an order for money ; 1 pro mised him one a long time ago ; ho did not get it. To Mr. Cottrell : 1 have sown this season eight acres of wheat for my mother ; I sowed it on my mother's land ; 1 sowed 'it for my mother because I am working for her; she is keeping nic ; ' it is my mother's wheat, the seed sown is her's ; my mother is to get tlie crop ; it is sown in tho same paddock that L sowed last year, the paddock in which I sowed, is tho same lis that in which I sowed lost year: somo of the fencing around tho paddock is what I put up ; I might have brought a pound in silver tor things tor airs. Davis ; 1 call that only a few shillings ; I brought no oilier money to town except that; it was a pound she gave me to fetch the tilings ; it was in neither silver nor gold ; it was a pound's worth of silver; a bank note is money ; I brought a bank note for 1/. to Mrs. Woodman, which was due to her. ; I brought in no moro hank notes when tlie next question was put insolvent hesitated ; I did not fctcli in any more, Mr. Cottrell : Tho question I put requires no con sideration ; did you, or did you not, bring in any more notes than that you say you paid to Mrs. Woodman. Insolvent : 1 can study as I like, I will tell the truth. Mr. Laidlaw : Answer the question, yes or no, Study ! it does not require study to tell the truth. Insolvent: I did not, to my knowledge, bring in a 51, bank note to-day ; it might have been a 51: note that I gave to Mrs. Woodman ; I did not look at it ; with tho exception of paying for a glass to day at Woodman's, I paid away no other money in Yass to-day; the price of the glass was paid out of Mrs. Davis's money ; I drank by myself; I have as yet paid no money away except the It., nnd for tlie nobblers. Witness horn corrected himself, and said ' tho nobbier." Thero is no written, or wnrd- of-mouth agreement between me and my mother about the wheat; there is ljo un derstanding between me and my brother that I shall get somo of the wheat ; my mother said that if I put the wheat in she would keep me; 1 don't know when I first sowed the wheat ; I don't when f sowed it; J sowed it since 1 turned insol vent; 1 did not sow the greater part before I be came insolvent; 1 sowed none before L went to Mr. Wilkinson; I cannot, swear that I did not: it is a good bit ago since I turned insolvent. Mr. D. Davis : You mean that it is a good bit ago since you were first in insolvent circumstances. Insolvent: That is what I mean; tlie wheat is out of tlie ground; it takes nine or ten days to show out of the ground if it lias been pickled : it is now two inches out of the ground : although 1 do not recollect what lias occurred within the last few days. I know that my statement of expenses pat in at the last meeting, is correct, because I know the parties to whom I paid the money ; 1 I cannot say whether I sold tho wheat before or after I went to Mr, Wilkinson; I got 11/. -from Larkins a good bit ago, over six months — not since I came from Sydney ; that money was not included in the statement 1 gave in at the last meeting. Mr. Wilkinson : Thero was no statement given in of receipts, only that relating to expenditure. Insolvent : 1 paid 1 1/, to Thomas Malloy ; 1 did not pay it about tlie same time that I received the money from Larkins ; 1 cannot say when 1 paid it ; I paid it during tlie last six mouths, after 1 came from Sydney; I do not think thai I told Malloy that I would pay him when Larkins paid me ; I might have said so; Larkins did not owe me the money at that time. To Mr. Wilkinson : I am twenty-two years of agu. am married, and have two children ; I was cigliteon years and six months old when I was married ; 1 liavo no home of my own ; 1 live on my mother's property. Mr. Laidlaw : At the expense of your creditors. I do not know how to read or write ; J am living in a hut close to my mother's ; the account 1 have put in was made from memory only. Mr. Laidlaw : It is very extraordinary that lie can recollect all the expenses, and nothing about tlie rccoints. This having closed the examination, Mr. Laidlaw moved, that it is the opinion of the meeting that tlie conduct of the insolvent does not entitle him to any consideration from his creditors, and, therefore, that the ofiicial assignee bo instruct ed to sell insolvent's household furniture, and re alise his interest in the land at Yass River, as well as any other assets. Mr. Wilkinson objected to Mr. Laidlaw making himself tlie mouthpiece of tlie creditors. Thero were only two in tlie room who had a voice, tlie others being creditors under 50/. Mr. Cottrell said lie was aware lie could not vote, but he entirely concurred in the motion made by Mr. Laidlaw. Mr. Laidlaw said he wished that tho resolution should go forth as the opinion oi" tho meeting. Mr. Leary then seconded tlie resolution, which was carried, Mr. Wilkinson, however, contending tiiat it should appear on tho papers only as moved bv Mr. Laidlaw. and seconded bv Mr. Lcurv. A statement wits appended which set forth tlint only two qualified voters were present at tlie meet ing, and tluit, consequently, tho resolution was unanimously adopted. It was stated that a special meeting of the cre ditors would be called shortly. Four, Conduct at O'Ounnell Town. — It will he in tho recollection of our readers that on last Wednesday week scvcrnl cases of filthy language were brought before tho bench, and that the com - plaints were dismissed on tlie grounds that the place where it was used was not a public plaee. or within heaving of such. The decision tlie bench arrived at on that occasion appears to have given frcsli audacity to the parties, complainants as well as defendants. Wo aro told that on Monday last there was a repetition of this disgraceful conduct, worse in some respects then that brought previously under tlio notice ol tno neneb, and unless some measures are taken to put a stop to the.-o breaches of decent manners, respectable people will not lie found to occupy any of tlie houses erected in this private township. Hscafe from Custody. — On Tuesday last a prisoner named Edwards — with a tail of aliases — was being cunvey.il in tho Gundagai mail en route to Allniry, under charge of a Sydney constable, when lie made his cscaoo by jumping out of the vehicle near Reedy Creek. Edwards hail been apprehended nt Singleton, on a charge of forgery, by warrant issued by tlie Alhury bench. Tlie constable, who, we suppose, will ho brought to booK for the escape, had boon appointed to De- niliquin. lie arrived wiili his prisoner at Yass by the mail from Sydney on Tuesday night, and being anxious to arrive at his journey's end as quickly as possible, proceeded with his charge tlie same night towards Gundagai. From this cir cumstance it was very probable lie was asleep when tho escape was effected. Burrangono. — J. lie Pillowing information is communicated by a gentleman who lias lately visited this gold-field, and who had resided there daring tho time it attracted so much public at tention : — A week or two ago I visited Young after an absence of some few. years, and cannot say I was disappointed at tlie change that lias taken place during my absence. The escort returns prepared me for that, and knowing that nothing had been done by combined labour to work tlie auriferous ground cheaply and effectually, as lias been the ease elsewhere, especially in Victoria, the impoverished condition of tlie plgee caused mo no surprise. I supposo that until there is a great pressure on persons residing thero, who have an unquestionable interest in the prosperity of the diggings and tlie advancement of agriculture in the neighbourhood, this gold-field will not go ahead. For instance, I fcund, and 1 Iihtc good reasons for knowing that I speak facts, that tho greater number of store keeper's arc merely selling on commission, and that with the exception of sorting up old stock there is nothing fresh in the market, which would be tlie case had tho place been prosperous as a gold-field. In iact, you can otten buy goous cheaper than Sydney pri :cs, which is evidence of itself that easli is very scarce. Another thing that militates again.-t those who have embarked money in stock and premises is that thero is a direct antagonism between the so-called interests of tlie diggers and those of tho business class. There is plenty of land that, no doubt, would pay Chinese labour, or be profitable on a chc.qivr scale of working it than is now pursued, hub a vulgar dog-in-tho- maugcr prejudice has sprung up amongst tlie small remnant of European miners, who still hang on to their claims, without a ghost of profit, that Chinese should not take even tho refuse of British diggers. No doubt it would bo objectionable to encourago further Mongolian immigration, but surely it is wrong policy to exclude those of tlie nation who are here from adding to tho wealth of the colony that lias to endure their presence. I cannot doubt but that were tho Chinese given greater latitude, nnd from tho naturo of circumstances that would not be required for long, Y'oung and its neighbourhood would flourisb. and if not flourish it would show thosc'who reside there, that to quieter, less excit ing, modes of acquiring a living must they look for success in life. The Weather. — On Wednesday the atmosphere was bitterly eold with a strong wind blowing throughout the day, accompanied with showers of rain. During the night it blow so strongly us to strip shingles off many of tho town domiciles. Thursday was also very disagreeable, and we shall be much surprised if violent colds do not prevail amongst our fellow townspeople. Tiib Agra and Masterman's Bank. — The Herald's telegraphic agent in Melbourne states : — Tlie mail news occasions great apprehensions. In the courso of tho last five months the' Agra Bank has remitted home 60,000/. iu gold, nnd it is feared their drafts, which had been purchased largely, will return dishonoured. District Cotmv, Gundagai. — It is notified in the Qovcrnment Gazette that Mr. Francis Morano has been appointed bailiff of this court, vice Clark, superseded. Tlie appointment to dato from May 22nd, 18GG. New Insolvent.— John Philmoro Winchcombo, late of Young, innkeeper. Liabilities. 289/. 0s. Id. Assets, 11/. Deficiency, . 223/. Os. Id. Mr. Humphrey, official assignee. The Australian Joint Stock Bank. — The mercantile article in tlie Herald of Wednesday states : — A private London telegram. received last night, stales thattlie Consolidated Bank had stopped payment and Unit Mr. Iliehardson. manager of the Australian Joint Stoex Hank, at present in London, pays all outstanding drafts of that hank. \- Amateur Busiirangixo. — Last Thursday night, on Mr. Cosgrovo returning from Coomti to his residence nt Billyniiiibuck, lie was informed that two mnn had been trespassing upon tlie premises, helping themselves to food, nnd acting in a man ner not usual for honestly disposed men to do. Mr. Cosgrovo procured tlie assistance of scnior- cnnstablc Moran, who was escorting Judge I'urefoy on the mad. and who was staying at Dillilingera, tho residence of Mr. Cosgrovo's father. Tlie two proceeded to search for the suspected characters, whom they found in a shepherd's hut about lliroe miles from liillymmbuck. After a little parleying Moran proceeded to scarclt about where tlie men were sitting, and succeeded in finding powder, caps, shot, and a pistol. Tho prisoners were then apprehended and brought into Coonia, where on Saturday tliey were brought before the bcncli as vagrants, and remanded for a week. — Manaro Herat ry. Death of the City Coroner. — Mr. John Skot- towo L'arkor, who lias for many years held tins ap pointment of coroner of tlie city, died at his resi dence, Newtown, on Tuesday evening. For tho last three months Mr. Parker lias sull'ercd from ill- health, and for the greater part of tlie past two months lias been confined to his bed ; on several occasions lately all hopes of his recovery have been given up by his medical attendants ; a few days ago his illness assumed a moro serious fonn, which resulted iu his death. Mr. Parker was in his GUtli year. — e>. m. ucraui. The Murder of Aii Wong. — The completion of tlie taking of evidence against Harry Suis and Billy, now in gaol charged with tho murder of Ail Won", and which had been postponed to Tuesday, was resumed and completed on Monday. 1 he pri soners wore committed for trial, it is expected that the third man, Tommy Watt, will shortly be apprehended. — Goulburn Herald. Panama Mail Service.— As Victoria, South Australia, and Queensland have shown an unwill ingness to contribute anything towards subsidising tlie Panama mail service, our Government have informed tlie authorities of those colonies that none of their mails will bo conveyed by tlie Panama steamers, unless they are transhipped at Sydney, and this Government credited with the sea-rate. This nrrnngement is fair and equitable. Tlie mails forwarded to Wellington by tlie Victorian Government to catch tho lCuikoura steamer, were consequently not taken aboard that ship. Of course, if these colonies paid a proportionate share of the cost of tlie service, our Government would not object to letters being sent direct to Wellington, for Panama. — Empire. Suilmarine Communication with Tasmania.— Wc take tlie following from tlie Ilobart Town Mer cury of tlie 25th ultimo : — " Tho submarine cable between Tasmania and Victoria lias now boon lying useless in Bass's Straits lor several years, owing to breakages, which neither tlie Government of 'Tas mania nor tlie Government of Victoria would take upon themselves to repair. The Government of Tasmania would, indeed, have gone into this ques tion some years hack, hut tho Government oi Victoria were understood to have expressed their unwillingness to hare anything more to do with it. But now a proposition lias, we understand, come from tlie Government oT Victoria to tako upon themselves one-half t lie expense of putting the cable in working order again, if the Government of 'Tasmania will take upon themselves the other half, and negotiations are now being carried on on the subject. Tlie probable expense lias, we fear, been put at too Iowa rate. \\\ e liavo heard ti'JOOZ. stated as tho probable amount required — that is, 300UZ. from eaeli of these Governments. But that would, according to what we hear of tlie matter, lie totally inadequate. Still it is well to liavo a question oi so much importance to the colony revived in any way. When Captain Gilmore was at home, some two or three years ago, this matter was brought under tlie notice of tlie British public, and his opinion was that there would be no difficulty what ever in getting up a company there to repair the linns and work it on their own account, if sufficient inducements were held out for their doing so. But the tiling was once or twice discussed in Parliament, and then was allowed to drop. Last session it was, if we remember rightly, decided either that nothing could bo done, or that there was no pro spect id' anything being done. Now. however, things lmve taken a diflcrent turn, and let us hope that it will lie for the better." The Bellamy Watches.— Senior-sergeant Fer ris, with several of the water police, and assisted by Mr. M'Nab, tlie diver, resumed tlie search for the box of watches, &e.;, thrown overboard from tho steamer Morpeth by Bellamy. The search was commenced shortly after 9 o'clock, and was prosecuted withont tho least prospect of success, until dude. Tlie precise spot where tlie box was thrown overboard is not known by many yards, and according to the statement of the man at tho holm of tlie vessel at tlie time, tlie hex was ob served to float astern for somo distance before it sunk under tho surface. There was a strong tide current at tlie time, and, besides, the bed of tho harbour in the locality being muddy, tlie prospects of success are not very sanguine. Tlie search will be renewed on Tuesday. Bellamy, who is under remand irom Maitland, is still in custody. — Empire. Emuezzlement uy a Bank - Clerk.— Grey- stock, the teller of the London Chartered Bank, was brought up at tho City Police Court on Monday, charged with embezzling moneys, tho property of the bank. He pleaded guilty to tlie charge, nnd was committed to take his trial at tlie approaching assizes. Ho was afterwards admitted to bail. — Melbourne telegram to Emnire. A Descendant of .John Knox. — Writing of tlie late Mrs. Carlylo, tlie West Bourkc Guardian says : — " Wc aro in a position to supply a few in teresting particulars in connection with tlie lament ed lady. Mrs. Carlylo was tho lineal descendant of tho renowned. J olin luiux. The only child nnd daughter of the great champion of tho Church married Walsh, of Uruigimputtoek ; tho last male representative of tho Walsh family was Dr. Walsh, of Haddington, and Mrs. Carlyle was his only child. Previous to Miss Walsh becoming tlie wife of Car lyle, objections were made by somo of her relatives to t.ho rontemplated union, on tho ground of his inferior standing in point of descent, and want of property. Her conduct was worthy of tlie de scendant of John Knox. She denuded herself of her family possessions in favour of tier mother, to place herself upon a level with the poverty of her future husband; and as to his birth, she exclaimed, 'lie holds his patent of nobility direct from Almighty God !' A gentleman residing in Bacchus Marsli, connected with the Walsh family, wiio was intimately acquainted with the deceased lady, has supplied us with the above particulars." A Case of I rue Love. — One of those instances of genuino attachment that are not of every-day occurrence — and are seldom read of, except in fictitious works — is recorded by tlie Grcnviltc Ad vocate : — " About two months ago a young wo man, who is employed as a servant by Mrs. Lynch, of Srnythcsdule, received information that her be trothed, who had gone to try to make his fortune in Now Zealand, hud died there. It appears that tlie young man hud, while working in that country, been pretty lucky, and saved money. . This was a fact of which ins sivccthcart was not cognisant, nor was she informed of it until Friday last,' when an old mate of deceased's arrived from New Zealand, and finding out tlie whereabouts of the young woman, presented lior with a purse, wcll- lilled with sovereigns, bequeathed to her by her intended on bis death-bed. The exact umouut for- warded is not stated, but it is n very Imndsuino sutn for a girl in her position, nnd she. was so ex cited on receiving it that it was somo time before she could be persuaded that tho coins were real gold. Tho faithful manner in whieh deceased's mate fulfilled the trust imposed upon him is also worthy of" notice, us lie wns the only one aware that a legacy had been left to the young woman, who was a total .stranger to him." Lost and Found. — About nine o'clock on tho morning of die 20th June, writes a local corres pondent, Mrs. Murray, Stony Rises Diggings, sent her littlo boy. William Murray, on an errand to a neighbour's house at a very short distance. Not returning in due time, Mrs. Murray became alarm-' cd at bis non-appearance, and at once went in search of him. Shu learned from Mrs. Jones, to whom lie was sent, that lie had obtained' what ho wanted— namely, a thimble — nnd had left to ro- tnrn home. No further traco of him could ho found. The boy was only four years of age. His remarkably gentlo manner and intelligent face made him a universal favourite. Shortly tho people of ihe neighbourhood joined in tlie search, eager to save tlie boy, if possible. A glanco at tho water-races, dams, and treacherous shafts on every side, did not inspire hope. His very sudden dia- ! appearance, therefore, caused everyone to fear tho worst. 'I lie searcli was kept up in all directions for seven or eight hours, till night closed, eold and wot. Tlie hopes of all sank, but the wail of tho poor father — " My poor Willie, my poor Willie" — heard in tlie dark hush was truly touching. Somo injurs after nightfall Mr. Andrews, ono of the horsemen, returned with tho news that a little boy answering his description lmd, by different per sons, been seen going in tlie direction of tho Moor- sihool River. After a fresh start for tlie Monra- bool. a distance of nearly fivo miles, and a further searcli, lie was found safely lodged with a Mrs. . Uasey, who had picked him up on the edge of tho ' Moorahool, eold. wet, and so exhausted that lie cuuld not tell his name. Under .Mrs. Casey's kind treatment lie speedily revived, and was tolerably comfortable when found by his anxious friends. Neither the grief nor the subsequent ioy of the parents can bo described. - -Baliaarat Star. Splendid Bequests.— Wo ( Melbourne Herald ) understand that a gentleman named llastic, or Llastie, lias lately died, and left a large sum of money to be divided between the Episcopalian nnd Presbyterian Churches, and the Melbourne Uni versity. Rumour lias it that tho amount coming to oacli is about 20,000/. The deceased gentleman resided near Baliaarat. Frightful Mutilation of a Passenger on the Gicelong Railway. — Tho Melbourne Herald of Saturday says:— A fearful and horrifying acci dent occurred on tlie Geclong and Baliaarat line on Thursday night, by which an unfortunate man lost his life. When tlie night train reached Baliaarat tlie right leg and thigh of a man was found 'at tached to tlie engine, the instep of the foot being caught fast by a bar from I lie break. Thero was a Wellington hoot on the foot, and from the torn aspect oi tno pares it was consiuoreu tbat they must have been dragged some distance up the line. 'Inquiries were, of eour.se. instituted by tho railway auihoriiies. and an cngino was sent down (lie lino in order to find tlie body, which was discovered lying about two miles on tho Baliaarat side of tho Lethliridgo stai ion. It was evident, however, that the body lmd been carried some distance, as a por tion of the skull was found close to tlie Lothbridgo station, and it is supposed that it was picked up by the aslipan ol tlie engine, about two miles on tlie Geclong side of Lcthbridge, and carried to a distance of four miles before it was dropped, and separated from the parts found at Baliaarat. . Tho police and railway officials have not as yet been able to ascertain who tho deceased wns, but will, doubtless, bo aide to do so, as a railway ticket, and a good gold watcli were found on him, and a letter without an envelope, which had been written by some person at Mount Pleasant, to whom tlie police have gone for information of tlie deceased. 'The conclusion arrived at by the railway officials is that the man was insane and lmd lain down on the iine asleep. They suppose him to be identical with a man who took a through ticket from Mel bourne to Baliaarat on Wednesday, and consider that lie got out at Geclong about two o'clock, and wandered about the country, until lie lay down asleep io the middle of tho line. No blame can lie attached to any person except the deceased him self, as the driver and guard of the train were en tirely unaware of 1 he accident until their arrival at Baliaarat. Our Geelong correspondent writes : — "Tlie deceased is supposed to be a Mr. Green, chemist and druggist, of Uourke-streot, Melbourne, wli < got out of the train at Geclong the day lioforo yesterday.'1 Tlie Baliaarat 1'ost says : — A letter, which, whilst unfortunately not bearing address, will, no doubt, speedily clear up the mystery of the name of tho deceased, was found upon him . The let'er is written from the George Hotel, dated on Ihe 3rd July, one day previous to tlie date of the railway ticket. It is written to ' My dear John,' speaks of tlie ill-health of tho recipient, and invites him to spend a week with tlie writer, who would be at the half-past tlireo o'clock train to meet him on his arrival. The letter further re quests deceased not to fail, as to meet tlie train would necessitate a fourteen miles' drive from Mount Prospect. Tho writer of tho letter is a Mr. J. G. Kidgell." Somna.m ijulism Extraordinary. — A singular instance of somnambulism is reported by the Luiniccstnn Examiner, which says: — "On Sunday night last a case occurred to tho son of q widow, residing in tlie vicinity of tlie Cataract. Somo hours after tlie family lmd retired to rest the lad, about twelve years of age, arose from tlie bed, and, without awakening any one, and in bis night-dress only, left tho house. He walked to a neighbour's house in Margaret-street, and went into the yard, calling out at tho top of bis voice. The inmates wore soon nroused, but were unablo to distinguish any object in tlm yard, ihe lad then ran sumo 200 or 390 yards further down the street until he came to a house occupied by his aunt. Here bo sang out lustily, ' Fire! Fire!' When tho nunt had got over tlie fright of seeing tlie boy iu that plight, lie told her that his mother's house was on lire, and tlint there was a man in tlie bal cony setting it alight. This was, of course, found to bo incorrect, tho position of tlie liouso being plainly observable, llowover, the boy was still clinging to his assertion, and repeating the tale, wnen lie suddenly awoke, dreadfully terrified." The Right of Minors. — At tlie Supreme Court, Melbourne, on the 5th inst., in Banco sittings, Reg. t:. Clmrles, was argued : — This was a speoial caso stated by Mr. Justice Williams lor tno opinion ot the court. Clmrles was tried and convicted at the last Criminal Sessions of perjury. The offence wns committed on the hearing of a summons before two justices, preferred by William Somervillo against Clmrles, for an assault committed upon the son of tlie complainant. It was contended for tho pri soner that there was no cause before tho justices, and that consequently no offenco could be com mitted. The act stated that if any person com plained to nny justice that any other person has assaulted tho complainant, any two justices may make an order for payment to tho complainunt of damages. Mr. Dawson, for the prisoner, contend ed on this statute that tho infant himself onght to have sued, and thero could bo no proceeding in his naino by the next friend. Mr. Adamson was heard contra. Tho court coincided with tho view urged bv Mr. Dawson, and quashed the conviction. — Mel - bourne Herald. Holloway's Pills. — Important for the Delicate. — It is difficult to detcrmino which is tho moro trying to tho human constitution — the damp, cold days of tho autumn and winter, or tho keen, dry, easterly winds of spring. Throughout tho seasons good health may bo maintained by occasional doses of Holloway's pills, which purify tho blood and act as wholesome stimulants to tho skin, stomach, liver, bowels, and kidneys. This celcbrntod medi cine needs but a fair trial to convinco the ailing and desponding that it will restore and cheer them without danger, pain, or inconvenience. No family should be without a Bupply of Holloway's ' pills and ointment, as by a timely rccourso to them the first erring function may bo reclaimed, suffer ing may be spared, and life saved, Bushraxoixo and Murder. — A Ilraidwood telegram to tho Herald, dated Tuesday, says — Clarke and his pnrty stuck up eleven Chinamen yesterday near the Dig Hill, on tho road to Jem- liaicumbeno. within three miles of tho town. John Clarke, father of Tommy Clarke, has been appre hended on a chargo uf murder. The black man's body was found some months ago in Shoalliaven fastenod in a loaded sack with a chain round tho neck. , 