OUR CHRISTMAS CLUBS, Ac. Deputation to the tlie lion. Att-— Gen— -1. (From our canine Reporter.) ADE PIJTATTON, numbering some of the principal tradesmen in Hobart Town, assembled on Saturday last, at the Government Offices, for the purpose of conferring with "the lion. Att Gen 1, upon his threatened invasion of the liberties of trade, by a raid against free Lotteries and Christmas dinner clubs. Among the tradesmen present were—Messrs. J. O. Teapot, Tl. and W. R. Canister, P. L. Photoreid, J. J. O. CeJJinghoff, P. O. R. Klothing club, and several other distinguished retail merchants of British or foreign extraction. The hon. Att Gen 1 received the deputation courteously smiling, as is his wont, when anything tickles him, at least half way over his face. On his right, stood Frederick Stopper, Esqr., with an air of satisfaction expressed upon his intelligent countenance, doubtless intended to inform the deputation that it was " no go !" That lank, and discriminating individual, the door- keeper, observed to Mr. Punch as lie presented himself,_ that it was against the rules for the Press to be present at deputations, as sometimes ministers were rather incautious, and said little things that they wouldn't like everybody to known. Mr. Punch, with great presence of mind, squeezed the intelligent official's hand, and stating that lie should not forget him, when he assumed the position of Premier, (an event, by the way, which is, we believe not very far distant) he induced the percipient functionary, whose soul evidently soars above buttons, to present his card to the lion. Att Gen 1. The reply was laconic, but lucid—decidedly lucid—No! Mr. Punch quietly pocketed the affront, and at a slight sigual Toby, the ever watchful Toby, brushed through the door, as the attendant'officer closed it. and ensconced himself comfortably under the table, where stood the first Law Officer of the Crown. Had the hon. and learned gentleman for one moment imagined that our faithful staff was present, he might probably have beeu more cautious in his remarks ; or he might have flown into a passion, and thus have apostrophised, like the poet, our very talented short handed reporter. Wherever life its varied essence flows, Note taking- clieils there surely will be some; At their audacity creation knows, Beauty expires, and artichokes are dumb." Had lie done^ so, it is more than probable that Tobv would have inscribed a few Phonetic Characters upon the cuticle of the hon- gentleman's understandings, so it is just as well that he didn't. We proceed to favour oar literal t.vrmsprint, nf v^-f^ ^ The hon. Att- -Gen- -1 bowed, and blew his nose—he then motioned the deputation to be seated. The deputation (which numbered a dozen or more) bowed, and said they should be most happy, but there was a scarcity of chairs. [N.B.—We commend tbis matter to the attention of upholsterers : E».] The Alt Gen 1 asked the gentlemen what they had come about ? Mr. J. O. Teapot:—We have come here to represent to you, sir, a standing grievance : — The hon. Att Gen 1.—Well I've asked you to sit down : Mr. J. O. Teapot begged to assure the hon. and learned gentleman that they didn't mean, as tradesmen, to sit down under auy such pressure as the hon. and learned gentleman chose to briug to bear upon them. They were free and independent Electors, and every one of them members of the Railway Association, while the bulk of them believed most firmly in progress, and William Shakespeare. That learned and cele brated man once sold oranges: — Mr. R. O'R. Klothing-club: —Och, sure, now man, it's blatherin intirelv that ye are. Didn't I come out as a candy date for th' Huon, and sure didn't the boys all swear be me. Be me, sowl, Mr. Attorney, If I'd a got in that time, I'd a guve ye a soot o close, all for nuthin, and thin, sure, you'd a passed a Bill to help me wid me clothin club, which by the powers, is as honest a thransaction as iver was invinted by mortal man. Thats ail I've got to say— Mr. Canister thought his Hibernian friend had already said too much. His clothing club was scarcely legitimate, inasmuch as he sent all the money to Melbourne:— Mr. Photoreid thought that had nothing to do with the hon. and learned gentleman, which was' as great a brick as ever came to the colony, and the best man in the ministry after all. All he could say was as how he should be very glad to take the lion, gentleman's portrait for nothing when they made him a Judge, provided he was permitted to sell copies at eighteen pence each to His Honor's numerous friends and admirers. The question was, was he to make a lot of people happy by gi ving them a silk dress each at Christmas time, or not, that was the point ? Mr. Cellinghoff remarked that he did not like the plau of keeping people in suspense, so he gave his presents away at once. He gave every body 20s. worth of goods for 20s., and a draw in his wheel for nothing. Was that against the law ? — Mr. Teapot observed that he had entered into a written agreement with 20,000 hens to lay eggs, which he intended to supply to his customers at Christmas. He gave 12s. worth of goods for twenty-four sixpences, and he claimed the right to give away as many geese, or ducks, or other luxuries, as he thought proper, in any way which he thought best— The lion. Att———Gen 1 said, having heard the remarkably lucid statements of the leading members of the deputation, he intended to do what he considered right, according to his ideas—If his ideas were not in exact accordance with the law, it was easy to give the law a twist so as to make it assimilate with his ideas. He had no particular objection to people hoarding their sixpences for Christmas, until they had enough to obtain supplies for their families, but it was destructive of the spirit of self reliance in the people, to lead them to suppose that they would get their geese for nothing at Christmas, and he firmly believed that they would find their geese cooked. These clubs were creating great consternation among the aristocracy, and other persons of his kidney, for if the'labouring families of the city were all to be provided with geese and turkeys, he should just like to know what the upper classes were to do for want of poultry P Several members of the Deputation: —Join my club, join my club! The hon. Att Gen 1 was very much obliged, but would respectfully decline. In fact, he regarded these clubs as but an instalment of those progress principles which Dr. Crowther and the Railway Associat ion were always taking about. They might do very well for New York, or Melbourne; but he could tell the deputation that this spirit of over enterprise would not be allowed here. It was damaging to respectable and loyal tradesmen, who were content to earn just enough to pay their shopmen, without daring to dream of such a thing as independence. He could assure the members of the deputation that they were all wrong. Why, if this state of things was allowed to go on, he supposed half the population would soon go off fowl farming, or growing hams, and bacon, for the members of these clubs, and the Government would never get men enough to carry on the reproductive works. It was a mistake altogether, which was likely to revolutionize the fabric of socicty, and he thought the deputation were altogether too fast: — Toby, who had been writing very fast, and wished the lion, gentleman to cut it short, here allowed an involuntary growl to escape hiui, and the deputation, with the hon. Att Gen 1, thinking that one of M r. Allen's remarkable ghosts was in the room, bolted incontinently, and have never been seen in the vicinity of the Government Offices since. [N.B.—When last seen, the hon. Att Gen 1. was leaning on his umbrella, outside the Tasmanian Teapot, gazing upon that picture of smiling 