THE NEWS BY THE MAIL« LATE TELEGRAMS.' (FHOM THE TIMES OF INDIA.) New York, March 1C. The Fenians have made large purchases of uniform, arms, and ammunition, and they also posseeB numerous depota on the American frontier. The English Ambassador at Wash- ington has urged the United States Govern- ment to expresa ronrobation of the Fenian proceedings. Mr. Seoretary Seward replied that tho Fenian movements were dangerous if not criminal ; and that should the Fenians contravene the laws of the United States, tho Government would issue a proclamation regarding them. The Canadians are erecting earthworks and despatching troops to the more vulner- able points along their frontier. * London, April 3. Tho Duke of Saxe Coburg has arrived at Vienna, and ia endeavouring to mediate between Austria and Prussia. London, Arair, 6. Tho Bank of England's return for tho week shows a decrease in bullion of upwards of £110,000. THE LATE CUISIS. DEBATE IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS Tuesday, March 20. (from tub times ) Lord R. Montagu said he rose to move an Address to Her Majesty, humbly praying Her Majesty to cause to be laid upon the table of the House any papers with regard to the Ap- propriation Bill in Victoria, in addition to those which had been already produced. If the Secretary for tho Colonies should think it worth while to accept from him any praise, he would with all hiß heart award the right bon. gentleman the highest encomiums for the course which he had taken in this matter, and for the two most excellent despatches which closed the book he held in his hand. (Hear, hear.) Between nine and ten years ago the colony of Victoria received ita Constitution. Undor that Constitution two Chambers were formed, the Upper and the Lower, both elective, but the fran- chise for the electors of the Upper Chamber wob high, for that Chamber was to take tho place of the House of Lords in thia country. Now, the colonists in their petition to tho Queen alluded to the character of that Cham- ber. They Baid :-" The Legislative Council of this colony is an elective body composed of thirty members, and is elected by persons possessed of a certain freehold or leasehold qualification, by graduates of any recognised university, by members of tho learned pro- fessions, by ministers of religion, and by officerB of your Majesty's military or naval Borvice. These qualifications on the part of the electors have rendered the Council a fair reflex of the property, education, and intelli- gence of the community." According to tho Constitution, the Lower Chamber was elected by £10 householders, but since the Consti- tution was established they had the misfor- tune to pass a Reform Bill, and the consti- tuencies were now in the hands of universal suffrage. His narrative would show the way in which the people of Victoria were enjoying the blessings of manhood suffrage. There was a genoial election in the colony in Oc- tober, 180Í. The question before the country was tho reduction of the tariff, Mr. M'Cul- loch was at that time the Chief Secretary, and he was an out-and out free-trader. Mr. Michio was Minister of Justice, and ho called himself an uncompromising free-trader. Mr. Hlglnbotham was also a free-trader, and ho said he would leave the Ministry sooner than allow protection to bo proposed. But as soon bb they found that tho universal suffrage electors turned against freo trade, they wore driven before the popular brcczo, and they also had to accept piotection. (Hear, hoar.) Now, the Governor, Sir Charles Darling-and as Sir Charles had beon recalled ho rogarded bim as functus oßhio, as a dead man, and would not think It worth his while to allude to him further than his narrativo would obligo him-had in despatch No. 1 to the light hon. gentleman stated upon what the election turned. He said : "If I may judge by the declarations of opinion which have proceeded from the can- didates for election to both Houses, and the results of the elections, I should como to the conclusion that what is designated ' protec- tion to native industry,' by means of levying import duties upoa articles which may pos- sibly be grown or manufactured in tho colony, instead of upon those which must bo derived from extra-colonial sources, together with a decrease of qualification and duration of period of service of tho members of Council, aro the points upon which the contesta, espe- cially at the more recent elections, havo turned ; and that tho popular opinion has been decidedly in favour of those views." Now, the people desired to reduce the qualifi- cation of the Legislative Council because their object was to malea them amenablo to the will of the Lower Chamber. After those elections, and after the people had plainly expressed these views, the Ministers turned round in favour of protection. The House met on the 28th of January, 1805 : and no sooner did they proceed to business than these free-trade Ministers, M'Culloch and tho roat of them who said they would abandon any Ministry who would dare to propose a mea- sure of protection, introduced resolutions for a new and amended tariff, of a most com- plicated vexatiouB, and protective cha- racter. (Hear, hear.) These resolutions passed the House, and immediately the Chief Secretary made this announcement \- that he did not intend to om hody them in a bill, and send them at once to the Upper Chamber to be passed there, but that he would proceed to levy the duties upon the fiat of the Lower Chamber, and wait until tho close of the session, when tho Appropriation Bill would be introduced, and then he would tack them to that bill. The avowed object of that waa to rob the Upper Chamber of its right to consider the resolutions. Sir C. Darling, in writing homo, said that there had been "An announcement made by the Ministers ' in the ABBombly that it is their prosent inten- tion to embody the new tarin whioh has recently passed that House in the principal Appropriation Act of the Bession, with a vlow of deterring the Council from rejecting the tariff, which there ia much reason to believe will meet with but little favour In that branoh of the Legislature." And at page thirty-uino Sir 0. Darling afterwards eaid : " I acquainted you with the avowed Inten- tion of the Asbembly to unite the tariff with the Appropriation Bill, mentioning that the pro- posed combination waa considered to b-> jus- tified by the precedent of the Paper Duties Repeal Bill ; and adding that this was dono with the object of deterring the Council from rejecting the tariff." Let it be observed that the Ministry proceeded all this while to lovy the duties, aud Sir C. Darling went on to ropeat that tlio policy of the Lower Chamber "is justified gonorally upon the precedent of Mr. Gladstone's pro- ceedings in the cbbo of tho Paper Duties liopeal Act, and a considerable majority of the Assembly appear determined to support them in that policy, which is, in eflect, their own." But surely tho copular Assembly in Vlctoila attempting to imitate tho proceedings of the House of Commons waB only caricaturing those proceedings, and making them far worse. The bill was not sont up until the 26th of July following, and during the intervenlug six months the duties wcro levied. What did tho Upper Ghoinbur do V They were justified in fooling indignant with the Lower Chambor, but, so tar from showing anything of the kind, they procoedod in tho moBt legal and orderly manner. Thoy ap- pointed a committee to Bcarch for precedents ; and what were tho precedents tho committee found? In tho first place, there was the despatch written by Lord Grey, which was ta be tbo text-book of colonial Govornmonts. It was written to the Governor ot Jamaica in 1810, and wob to be found in his book on tho colonial policy of Lord J. Russell. Earl Grey said, "Although I am equally awaro of tho cogoncy of tho motives which induced you ta assent to tho Import Duties Bill, notwith- standing the clauses of appropriation attached to it, I have to instruct you not in futuro to admit of any innovation on the regular and constitutional practice of keeping revenue and appropriation bills separate from each other ; assuming that to havo boon, as I un- derstand it to be the cubo, a practice as fully established in Jamaica as it has been in this country, and in the other colonies whoso constitutions bave boon modollcd on our own. It is o practice which cannot be de- parted from without danger." They also found othor precedents-he alluded to a resolution of tho House of Lords which was made a Btanding order in December, 1702\. It waa as followB : " That tho annexing any clauso or clauses to a W11 of aid or supply, the matter of which it foreign to and different from tho said bill of aid or supply, is unporliamentary, and tends to destruction of the constitution of the Government." Tho Upper Guainbor thora» foTe passed a resolution that it waB irregular and onconsfilunionnl to tack a Tariff Bill to an. Appropriation Bill, and that the bill in question should be sent back. That was done on tho 26tli of July, and four days afterwards the Ministry, backed up by the popular As- sembly, put, by means of the Governor, the screw upon the Upper Chamber. A Treasury minuto was ¡Bsued to the effect that in con- sequence of the action of that Chamber in not passing the bill, tho payment of wages and salaries muet be deferred; that no public works could bo prosecuted, and that the Governor had not a right to touch a farthing of the public money. The screw thus applied waa unsuccessful. It had the to be taken off in about six week«. When Appropriatinn-cum-Tariff Bill was rejected by tbe Upper House, an action was brought in tbe Supremo Court against the Ministers. The Chief Justice thero decided that the pica of the Ministry- wa3 unconstitutional and contrary to law, and damages and costs were in consequence awarded against them. What did the Attorney-General do under the cir- cumstances? He in open conrt threatened that a bill should pass the House retrospective in its nature, which would have the effect of quoshiiig ali those judgments, and robbing all the poor people of tho money and coats which they bad obtained at the hands of a jury. Bat the Ministry finding, after the lapse of the six weeks, whicli ho had already mentioned, that .the Upper Chambor stood firm, the screw was withdrawn. A message was then sent up to them to say that owing to the great incon- venience to Ministers and others who re- ceived salarios, an arrangement was made which would shortly be put in practice. What that arrangement was they soon discovered. The publlo revenue of the colony was paid into six banks at Melbourne. The Ministry applied to thoso banks, asking thom for a cash credit to the amount of the public money in their hands. Five of the banks took counsel together, and declined to comply with the request, inasmuch as to do so would ba illegal. One bank, however-the London Chartered Bank-whoso solo director was Mr. M'Culloch bimsolf, the Chief Secretary, expressed its readiness to accede to tile proposal. That wus on the 6th of September, and on the very next day £40,000 was advanced to the Government. Shortly afterwards an action waa brought against them in the Supremo Court for that amount. The Attorney- General ap- peared and confessed judgment, and the Ministry, taking advantage of u clause in another act* which Btnted tbat money awarded by the judgment of the Supreme Court was legally available for the objects they had in view, repeated their operations until they bad succeeded in getting into their hands no less a sum than £600,000. Such was the miserable dodge to which, a popular Ministry resorted. Judgment having been confessed by the law officers, the necessary certificate was given by tbo Audit Commissioners, and the amount owing to the bank waB repaid by issues from the public account. All the while, however, the Ministry wero aware that they were diverting the act from its original purpose. The Secretary for the Colonies in his latest despatches to Sir O. Darling, made some comments on that which were deserv- ing of approval. He said : " The effect was practically to transfer the public money out of the 'public account,' from which the bank could not ordinarily issue it without the audit commissioners' cer- tificate, to another account, entirely under the control of the Government. By such a mode of procedure tho Governor and his Government, with the co operation of tho local banks, may at any time withdraw any amount and place it at their own command, iclieaed from all those checks with which it is desirable that ita expenditure Bhonld be sur- rounded," Well, at the beginning of October an attempt was made to put an end to the difficulty, but from what quarter did it proceed ? From the Lower Chamber ? No. They, on the con- trary, passed resolutions copied from resolu- tions which wete passed by this House, and appending to them another of a still stronger character, which he would read to tho Houso. It waB written neither in very good English nor in a vory good spirit. Indeed, the ro mark as to its being written in very bad Eng- lish applied to most of the documentó which emanated from the popular assemblies in Australia, the Ijpper House being in reality tho reflex of tho intelligence and education of tho country. The conclusion of the reso- lution to which he referred was as fol- lows : "And this House declares its determination not to entertain any further or other bill for the appropriation of supplies for the service of tho year 1865 until the rightful control of this House over taxation and supply shall have been acknowledged by tho adoption by thia Houso of tho tarif! approved of by tho Legislative Assembly, and contained in a schedule to tbe bill passed by this House for ^he supply and appropriation of revenue." 'It would be seen, then, that the Lower House bad passed a resolution to the effoct that until the Upper Chamber knocked under and became submissive, the popular Assembly would not pass nn Appropriation Bill. To that determination thby scorned resolved to adhere, without taking any Btep to get rid of the dead-lock to which things had como, It was from tho Upper Chamber, representing the woaltb, intelligence, and education of the country, that the fitbt step towards concili- ation was mado. They passed a resolu- tion aBking the Lower House to agree to the appointment of a joint committeo, lo preparo a case to sond to the Privy Council, whose decision should be binding on both parties. The proposal, however, met from the Lower Houso with a flat denial. On the 25th of October, another resolution passed tho Upper Chamber, asking the Lower Houso to appoint a joint committee to con aider what course it was best to pursue on tho question at issue. The Lower House statod in reply that, until the Upper Chamber gave way, thoy would not consent even to confer with them. On the 7th November, the Tariff Bill waB separated from the Appropriation Bill, aud was sent to the Upper Chamber ; but it contained a retrospective clause, which would have tho effect of quashing all the judgments which had been obtained duriug the previous eight months, and it was consequently rejected by the Upper Houbo on the ICth of November. Thereupon tho Ministry took it into their hends to commit another illegal action, Mr. M'Culloch, ho believed, was connected with the tea and Bugar trade, aB well as being a banker. The reduced duties on those articles were still collected, and actions still continued to bo brought againBt the Government because thoy did not collect tho full amount of the duties which by law ought to bo collected. The Government, however, rosorted to still worse measures for obtaining funds by reimposlrjR a bill entitled the Units of Entry Bill, ono of tho most perplexing, complicated, and vexatious systems for interfering with trade which could bo adopted, and which had beun passod some time previously only for the space of one year, bad thon been sent home, but had never re- ceived tho Royal au6ont, the Secrotary for tbo Colonies, ho understood, regarding it as so bad a bill that the Royal veto would havo boen sent out but that It waa thought it would not arrive in tho colony before the time for which the bill waB to last had expired. With a view to getting out of the difficulty, the Governor thought of a dissolution ; and on tho 21st November, he consulted the Minis- ters as to tho policy of dissolving Parliament. The Minister« said they would not dissolvo, because that would be abandoning tho popular Assembly in the ossertiou of what thoy concolved to bo their rights. The Governor bimBelf used this remnrknblo expression "As io dissolving, that will only aggravate the evil, because the Ministry aro drivou on by popular clamour." Sir C. D.irling wrote on tho 25th of September : " I think there is a spirit arouBod just now which will scarcely bo satisfied with any- thing short of n reform of the constitution of tho Council." Ho was borne out by, among other things, numerous Inrgo meetings, one of which was held in the suburbs of Melbourne on the 18th of September, and passed a resolution, as nennl not in good English, in the following terms : "That while this meeting is willing to accord to tho Legislative Council the privi- leges of a branch of the Legislature, it is still of opinion that, looking at the irresponsible power invested in that budy by the Constitu- tion Act, and their obstruction to the popular wishes of the country, considers it advisable that an urgent, loyal, and emphatic appeal be made, without delay, to the Imperial Par- liament for such an alteration of the consti- tution of the Upper House as will ronder it in some degree amenable to the popular will and control." Within a week of tho 28th of Novomber, when the Governor consulted tho Ministry, and they reported oeaiust a dissolution, ho dissolved the Chambers. From the Melbourne Argus, which has just arrived, we find that this popular Ministry wero in a state of abso- lute Eedltlon: they were going about tho country making speeches, and saying that Downing-strcot should not rulo over them. Ono of them, speaking of the British con- nexion, said las described in The Argus) : "He did not caro that for it, suiting tho action to the word, and expressing, in a to«o and manner which are cbaiai-terlstlc, supreme contempt for the opinion of the Secretary of State and of all others opposed to the policy of the Cabinet," He had finished his narrative, but he wished lo comment on one or two points. They had seen how a dead-lock was brought about by the Lower House passing resolutions for the levying of certain duties which the Upper Chamber rofused to pass, and which were lovied in the meanwhile. It was our practice I here to pass similar resolutions, and the duties were immediately levied before the other Houfo bad given its sanction to the measure. In 1848, in answer to Mr. R. 0. Hildyard, tho Attornoy-Geneial of the day stated tho rule to be this : " If the House of Commons resolved that a given duty should be imposed upon goods before they were entered for home consump- tion, it was fairly to be presumed (and the practice proceeded upon the presumption) that tho House would pass a bill founded upon that resolution ; and, as the bill related to a matter of money, it was not supposed that the other Houso would interfere with the resolution. The Government would, tüerefore, give an order to officers to act on that resolution. He admitted that an action would lie ; but before it would be ripe for in- vestigation the act of Parliament would have received Her Majesty's assent that from and after the 6th of July such and such duties should be levied, and that would be a per- fect answer to the action." But suppose tho other House should in- terfere. It was only in 1861 that the Lorda rejected a resolution, not for lovying but for remitting duties; that made tue dif- ference which Baved us from a deadlock. The Secretary of State in one of the two last despatches on this matter, which formed a sort of manual of constitutional govern- ment, and should be studied by every one (hear, hear), said, " The plea that taxes are lovied in this country on a vote of the House of Commons beiore they are imposed by law, is manifestly irrelevant. Such taxes are so levied because it is not doubted that the bill imposing them as from the date of the resolution of the House of Commons on which tlio bill is founded (and after which only they aro levied) will become law, by the concurrence of the two other branches of the Legisla- ture." Suppose they did not concur, and we wore placed in a deadlock. It might cause in- convenience to trade that duties were levied immediately they were voted, but the evil of .a deadlock would be far greater. 'Phis point was worthy of consideration, with a view to the prevention of such a difficulty. The other point to which he wished to call atten- tion was the operation of unlvorsal suffrage. A man who was a great Radical in this country, writing from Middlesex to a Liberal hore, said " 1 am glad to Bee from the home papera the Liberals have obtained again a majority, although 1 have considerably altered my opinion in regard to the suffrage, which here ia extended to manhood ; anti you will ob- serve from tho papers sent you into what this country is drifting by manhood suffrage. ... I am sorry to think we do not have Buch an intellectual array of able politicians as we have at home. The most of our public men are men of no education, who pander to the most depraved taítes. .... I can assure you that If you were here to see the evil effects of manhood suffrage, aud also to think of the evils It hug caused iu America, it would make one pause before thinking of au extension of the franchise at homo." (" Hear, hear," and " What name ?") He sup- posed there was no objection to his reading the name and address, which were J. M. Thompson, 62 Rosslyn- strdet, Melbourne. This letter showed what were the conse- quences of reducing the franchise. The House of Commons was asked to take a leap in the dark, to reduce the franchise without know- ing what the real effect would be, Many had gone out from this country to America as Radicals and had become Conservatives there. He believed, that it was tho famous actor Kean who went to America as a Radical aud on returning eaid, " Givo me a Nero if you will, but never give me manhood suffrage." (Laughter.) Tho Melbourno Argus- The limés ot the colony- Baid : " The petition of the Council to the Queen will speak for itself, and will fully assert the intellectual and moral fitness ot the Council to act os a bulwark against the attempts of those who openly avow their desire to Bub btitute tor the two Chambers at present existing one which would be an immediate lefiex ot popular clamour and caprice, aud to which it would be impossible for a Governor, or tor the wiser classes of the community, to oppose an effectuai resistance." Both the Upper and the Lower Chambers were elective. The voters who elected the Upper Chamber also voted for the Lower one ; but tbo Upper Chamber was elected by voters of a high qualification, and to them in the election of the Lower Chamber were added a vast number of the working classes. It was a rule of logic that where there was a difference of effect it must be due to a difference of cause ; and here there was a difference of cause in the difference between the two electoral bodies—the addition of the working classes to the electors who chose the Upper House. What was the difference in effect ? The Upper Chamber adopted an en- lightened commercial policy, showed re- verence for the law, and offered a determined resistance to all encroachments on the Con- stitution. The Lower Chamber, following a blind and exploded policy, exhibited disregard for the law, and overbore, like a mountain torrent, everything that stood in its way or opposed and thwarted its will. In New South Wales there were also two Chambers, but while the Lower Chamber was elected by universal suffrage, the Upper Chamber was nominated. Another rule of logic was that where the effect was the same it was due to the same cause. With an elected Upper Chamber in one case and a nominated Upper Chamber in the other, the Lowor Chamber in both being elected by universal suffrage, in both there was the same result-a collision between the two, and the Upper Chamber overborne, .that of New South Wales being swamped by members who would make it subservient to the Lower Chamber. This showed how democracy dealt with all those checks which the wisdom of our ancestors invented to curb raging passions. Tho solemn majesty of the Supreme Court was treated with defiance, and the deliberations of tho Upper Chamber were regarded with scorn; while the Lower Chamber, blown hither and thither by the breath of popular opinion, had resorted to a blind and foolish commercial policy, and to the illegal collec- tion of duties. Thus, it was seen that prac- tices similar to the illegal loans and the ship money ot Charles I. might be enforced by elected members to the danger of all repre- sentative government, because no Hampden would be among them ready to stand up and resist the agitated and inflamed passions of the populace. (Hear, hear) He concluded by moving tor additional papers concerning the dispute between the Houses of Legislature in the colony of Victoria with regard to the Appiopriation Bill of 1806. Mr. MaiBti, in Beconding the motion, re- ferred to clicumstancus connected with the establishment of Victoria as a distinct colony from New South Waloo, and to the original institution iu those two colonies of what was called responsible government, observing that it was hardly In his power to add anything to what had been so ably stated by the noble lord. In the tai iff which had been alluded to a great many items were put down, and among them was the item of varnish. Now, what could be tho reason for inserting varnish in tbo tariff, unless it were that some member of tho Assembly was intorostedin the varnish trade? Doors and wludow-sasbes were ulso among the protected articles lu the tariff, and their Insertion seemed to indicate tho influence of a carpenters' trades union. (Hear, hear.) In like manner, it might be defended on that if the franchise wore lowered in this country the House of Commons would be under the dominion of trades unions. (Hear, hear.) After reading tho despatches to the House, he felt bound to declare that tliero wns oue poison who deserved the highest praiso, and that was the Secretary of State for the Colonies, who throughout the wholo of this matter appeared to have acted most judiciously and wisely, (dear, hear.) .Mr. Ajtoun did not wish to discuss the merits of the controversy which had arisen between the two Houses of Legislature in Victoria, but, having read the despatches very carefully, ho hoped ho might be allowed to say that iu his opinion the Ssorc tary of State for tho Colonies had como to a niost correct judgment in tho matter, and had expressed that judgment in his de- spatches in tho most judiclouB and well chosen longuage. (Hear, hear.) The right bon. gentleman bad blamed and withdrawn the Governor for having made himself a par- tisan in the dispute, but had not expressed any opinion on the dispute itself. In that course he most entirely agreed with the right hon. gentleman. However much it might be regretted that the Assembly of Victoria had adopted what in this country would be deemed a retrograde system of legislation, it was evidently not the duty of this country to interfere by coercive means or by holding out a threat to the people of tho colony. He would moko a few remarks which might elicit some expression of opinion as to the manner in which the Government of this coun- try should act with -respect to the general " question of protective tariffs adopted by its colonies. He looked on this as an important matter, because it was much to be desired that a friendly feeling between this country and the colonies should be maintained, so that when at length a separation occurred that separation should take place under friendly conditions. If such was to be the case, it wa3 of the utmost importance that tho people of the colony should not run counter, as they were now doing, to the com- mercial policy which had been adopted by that House. He wished to know from the right hon. gentleman what course the Government intended -to take in this matter. He waa quite aware that thoy could not interfere by violent means ; but when the Govornment had negotiated treaties of commerce with the great military 'monarchies of Franco and Anstrla-when they had shown that it was not hopeless to overcome the prejudices that existed in those countries and induce them, if not to enter into free trade, at least to take a step in that direction, surely the Government might do something in the way of inducing our colonies not to recedo from the policy of free trade between themselves aud the home Go- vernment. The system of protective duties, which had already come to something like a crisis in Victoria, was not new in our colonial history. For many yeais, Canada had im- posed protective duties on our goods, and they were maintained to the present day. Some years ago the effect produced by an increase of duties on goods enter- ing Canada exported from this country was so remarkable that the Chamber of Commerce, he believed of Sheffield, ad- dressed a communication on the subject to the Government, and a despatch was sent out to Canada by the Colonial Secretary (then the Duke of Newcastle), and the result was the Colonial Government replied, it was their affair not ours, and they would do exactly as thoy liked as to imposing duties on our goods. He frankly admitted that they had a light to do so ; but they did so to raise upa protected industry in the colony. It might bo said thot protective duties were imposed for the sake of revenue, but the effect had certainly been to raise up a protected interest in Canada. Evidence of this would be found in the statement made by the Finance Minister of Canada in 18G2, when he said that the duties on goods imported into Canada were stationary; but, he added, this was a matter of congratulation rather thuu regret, because it showed that the native manufactures were increased by those duties. He should like to ask the right hou. gentieman why no remonstrance had ever been sent out to Canada on this sub- ject? When negotiations took place last year with the delegates from Canada, was the Bubject of import duties on goods dis- cussed? Was no remonstrance made in rela- tion to this matter when the Govern- ment undertook to recommend to Parlia- ment to guarantee a loan for a railway in Canada, and for other purposes? He also wished to know what the Government in- tended to do in the carse of the protective tariff in Victoria ? He was willing to admit that It would not do to adopt a tone of monaco to the colonies, We ought to proceed with ex- treme caution in this matter ; but, looking to the resuit of the protective duties whioh had existed many years in Canada, which now exiBted there, and which there was no incli- nation to abate, ho hoped the right hon. gen- tleman would not think ho sought too much when ho asked, first, whether the course now pursued by the colonies might not have tho effect of weakening tho ties which subsisted between this country and her colonies, and oí greatly accelerating the period of separation ; and, secondly, what steps it was possible for the Government to take in order to induce the colonies to revort to that system of free trade which formerly prevailed between them and the mother countiy. Mr. Cardwell.--This is a motion for papers ; and my reply with regard to thurn is that an answer has been received from the Governor of Victoria to the first despatch in these papers, and that answer is in preparation to be laid on the table of the House. With regard to the motion of the noble lord, I will say if it had been any criticism on the action of the Executive Government at home it would have been my duty to enter fully into the discussion of the course which lias beon pursued ; but bo far as I am concerned nothing could be more gratifying than the tone taken by the noble lord and those who followed him. (Hear, hear.) All that I have to regret is that the debate has taken place before the whole papers were on the table. I should have been glad, B3 I stated to the noble lord, if the motion had been post- poned with that view ; but he thought from the turn the discussion was likely to take it was not advisable to postpone it. Now, with regard to the whole case, I have one desire, one opinion which I wish most strongly to impress on the House. I do earnestly hope thut we are not about to constitute ourselves into a court of appeal with regard to colonial matters. (Hear, hear.) When the question is whether you should require a governor to observo the law, you have no alternative but to insist on its observance in the colony, but when it is a question of the autonomie action of the colony I can conceive nothing more calculated.to sever the tie between tha colony and the mother country than that there should be in this Houso any disposition to constitute ourselves the judgos of their rights, of their interests, of theil policy, and their wishes. We have deliberately deter- mined ty leuve theso matters to thoinselvos, and I earnestly and sincerely hope that we shall not by any discussion that occurs here givo rise to au opinion that we regret tho course wo have taken in that respect. (Hear, hear.) My hon. friend who has just gat down asked mo what my opinion is on the subject of a protective policy being adopted by a colony. My views on protective duties ure, I hope, well known so far as regards their bearing on this or any other country ; but if we are to say that tno Vic- torian Assembly ought to be censured, because it has not yet arrived at what we cousidor sound opinions on this question, wo ought to remember that the day is not very remote when we ourselves held opinions vory dit fêtent from those we now entertain, (Hear.) And when my hon. friend speaks of that freo trade thnt used to oxist between us aud our colonies, for which they are substituting what he calls the principles of restriction, I should rather have said, whatever may bo the defects of colonial legislation, the true history of recent times has been that we have determined to shake off the mistaken policy of protection between ourselves and the colonies, to withdraw the restraints which we imposed on them, and to encourage the udoption of ii universal policy of free trade with all countries as calculated to promote our own interests. Then I say, do not let us, in doallng with disputes that havo arisen in Victoila, entanglo ourselves with questions of who are in favour of pro- tection and who aro not. Let ua rather con- sider who is contravening the law and who supports it. (Hear bear.) It has been my painful duty to recommend that the Governor of Victoria shall bo relieved from his duty. My bon. fiiend who has just sat down truly stated that the reason of this is to bo found, not in any errors I suppose ho had fallen into in the difficult circumstances in which I admit he was placed during the contest botween tho two branches or tho Legislature ; but it appeared to me that the proposal he conveyed to me, that the mem- bers of the former Executive Council should be deprived of the distinction they enjoyed, because thoy presented u petition to their Sovoreign praying for redress of grievances, which 1 thought they were justly entitled to do, waB couched in terms which rendered it impossible that the Governor who employed that language and adopted that course should be a safe guide to the colony or au impartial aibitrator of differences in tue circumstances in which the colony was placed. I only hope that if in the courte of this discussion any expressions have fallen from any hon, mem bur whioh may be calculated to give pain to anybody in the colony, such expressions will not bo too much insisted on or thought of, because I think it is of the utmost import- ance in the government of all our colonies that we should not only bo conciliatory lo them, but that above all things we should avoid casting imputations upon them in re- spect of matters within thoir own proper con- trol, jurisdiction, and cognizanco, or evincing any censorious disposition with regard to any part of thoir legislative functions. (Hear) And when I hear remarks mado upon the policy which thoso colonies have pursued, I hope we shall never forget fiom what small beginnings they havo risen into largo domi- nions, how rapidly they are progressing, and how materially they reproduce the greatnes?, the glory, and the power of this country in distant quarters of tho globj. (near, hear.) Let us remember that our institutions have not passed into the per- fect state in which we now behold them by any sudden and rapid growth. Wu have had our infancy contended, with our difficulties, and .grown slowly into mature life. Lat us not, therefore, discourage the colonies by adopting a tone which they might doom un courteous. I was reading the other day au intcresling review of thogrovrth of these very colonies, from the pen of an historian who is not unknown to this House, for indeed, we sea him daily sitting among us. Mr. May, ia hi* excellent Constitutional History of England, speaking of these colonies in Australia, says : "The transition from a state of .control and pupilage to that of unrestrained freedom seems to have been too precipitate. S loioty, particularly in Australia, had scatcaly had time to prepare itself for tho successful trial of so free a representation. The settlers of a new country were suddenly intrusted with uncontrolled power before education, pro- perty, traditions, and usage had given sta- bility to public opinion. Nor were they trained to freedom, like their Eugllsh brethren, by many ennobling atraggles and the patient exercise of public virtues. . . . Hitherto there have been many failures and discouragements in the experiment of colonial democraoy. Yet the political future of these thriving communities affords far more ground for hope than for despondency." ? (Hear, hear.) Now, let us not, in the first place, travel out of our province in order to censure the colonies; and, in the secjud place, when we differ from them, let us not be discouraged by temporary difficulties. Lat us acknowledge the thriving power they possess and the tendency they evince to grow greater, and, above all, let us take care that we do not by discussions in this House en- gender feelings in our distant possessions of animosity towards the mother country. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Addorley thought tho House were much indebted to the noble lord for btingiug forward a question of bo much interest and usefulness, lor It would have been very un- wise for them to pass over without notice events of such importance as those which had just occurred in the colony of Vic- toria. Whether tho additional papers for which the noble lord had moved would throw any additional light on the subject they could not tell, but, as the right bon, gontleman (Mr. Cardwell) hod wisely remarked, they had not the Governor's case fully before thom at present. Quite sufficient information, however, was in their possession to indicate the character of the events which had taken place, and to render the discussion not a premature but a timely ono. In fact, had the noble lord's object been simply to call the attention of the House to what had occurred in the colony, it would, in his opinion, have required no apology, for it seemed to him that the House ought from time to timo to be made acquainted with the principal events taking place in our colonies, especially in those which had within the last few years received representative in- stitutions with the concurrence of the Imperial Parliament. lu saying this, he had no intention of asserting that the House Bbould interfere in the affairs of colonies which enjoyod institutions as free as our own, for he should regard it us most disastrous were they to attempt to interfere with or criticlso the conduct of colonies possessing governments of their own. It waa true they were undor the samq Crown, but they con- trolled their own affairs, and had a Govern- ment as representative and as responsible as our own ; so that Parliament had no right or interest that would justify any interference in matters entirely within their own pro- vince. He should like, indeed, to sea the proper corollary of that position. He should like to see these selfgoveruiug commuuitie3 accepting the legitimate consequences of their self government, and maintaining the forces required for their own defence. (Hear, hoar.) Returning to the question more immediately before them, he must say that he was not at all prepared to admit what the right bon. gentleman appeared to imply, that those free institutions had in any instance been pre- maturely conceded. He fully acknowledged the value of the work from which the right hon. gentleman had quoted, but he certainly took exception to the passage which implied that these free institutions had been too . hastily grantod. Tho fact was. that those con- cessions were only a recurrence to the earliest stages of our colonial policy, which were attended with much gi eater Buccess than those subsequently followed, and he could givo no better proof of this than by mentioning tho fact that Rhode Island at thopresent time retained the very constitution which she originally received from this country. (Hear, hear.) He did not know whetbei the noblo lord's in- tention was to criticise in any way the eon duct of the Colonial Secretary in this very difficult case, but the result had been to draw forth from every quarter of the House the warmest encomiums on the course pursued by the right hon. gentleman. Ho fully con- curred in those encomiums, believing, as he did, that the right hon. gentleman's conduct had been moderate, wise, and well considered. The right hon. gentleman had had to deal with several other questions of difficult}', and iu those, as in this, his policy had buen such as to strengthen the influence ol this country in her colonies, and to increast the satisfaction of tho colonies with theil connexion with the mother country. (Cheers.; It was not the province of Parliament te interfere with matters which came before tin colonial Legislatures, but they had a period right, and he hoped they would never ceas« to exeicise it, to discuss the conduct of thi Executive in the superintendence of colonia affairs. They were justified also in looklui occasionally to those mirrorj of our own Con stltution which were placed in various parti of the world, not as a mere historical stndj or as a sort of caricature of the anomalie: existing at home, not merely to see some o the moat difficult problems of our Cousti tution worked out with a boldness whicl we could not venture to imitate, but b*. cause we might learn wisdom as to expsri menta which were being made in chu country from the moro speedy results of thi bolder experiments instituted there. Now, hi ventured to suy that if auy lesson was to bi drawn fiona the recent occurrences in Victorii it was a warning as to an unlimited infusioi of democracy in British institutions. Ii America buch an infusion was perfectly safe because it harmonised with the principles o their Constitution; but, introduced int British institutions, the result was to mak the Executive tho absolute tool of tit popular branch of the Legislature. Ii the present case they found a man Ilk Sir Charles Darling, who bad acquired con siderable reputation in other colonial govern ments, and had established for himself ; high character, following the moro breath c the lower branch of tho Legislature, and thi almost confessedly in opposition to his ow viows, and certainly in opposition to tb advice of the Ministers of the Crown, wbos counsel he should havo taken. If, then, the were to leam a lesson bealing on question now bofore the House from these events in Vic toiia, it was a caution against allowing tho di mo eratic element to pervade our institution! a course which waa like putting new wine int old bottles, and wbb very likely to burst tb old bottles. (Hear.) lu America the difficult was avoided by the separation of the Exe« tlve from the Legislature, and wore tho aam experiments to be carried out here he believe they would have tcudopt u similar safeguari (Hear, hear.) He had ventured to offerthese n marks upon what seemed tu him to be tb most important aspect of the question, fe they were all agreed in approving the condui of the home Government, and lia deprecatin any interference with problems, wuich ha to bo settled by the colonists themselve (Cheers.) Loid R, Montagu, in reply, said he had d ferred his motion until the production i papers on the question, and it was by r means his object to criticise the recall of S Charles Darling, with whom tho Governmei had, he believed, dealt juBtly, or to conetltu that House a court of appeal on colonial su jects. Ilia thoughts were entirely confined this country, aud his motive had been draw from those occurrences a lesson for 01 own guidance, remembering that weconld on profit either from events whioh had happent at former periods, or from those now takii place in other parts of the world. After ti statement of the right hou. gontleman wil respect to the papers, he begged permiBsit to withdraw his motion. The motion was then by leavo withdrawn IRELAND. (fhom the times.) (moil OUR OWN COKBESl'ONDENT.) Dublin, Mauou 24. The aircst8 for Fenianism have bsen vory fow for some days past. A man named Flan naghnn, teacher of a Natlunal school, has been taken up on suspicion at Trim, county Meath, and lodged in gaol. Sub-constable Dunne has identified Ryan, who was arrested on Wednefday in the Galtee Mountains by Sub-inspector Cruise, as being one of the par- ties who fired at tho police at Glcnbane, swear- ing that it was the'prisoner whom he Baw at the door when the lights were put out, and that it was ho who told the nolice to come in when the shots were fi rjjd. Ryan has boen recommitted by Mr. C. Do Gernon, RM. At the Castlebar petty sessions, on Thurs- day, two young men named Carter and Hanley, cbaiged with complicity in the Fenian conspiracy, wero let out on small ball. There are still seventeen Fenian prlsonors in the gaol of that town. The grand jury of Galway assembled'at the assizes have adopted an address to the Lard Lieutenant, assuring him that tho vigorous determination of Her Majesty's Government to suppress conspiracy and rebellion meo tu with their full approbation. They regird with abhorrence an attempt levelled against law, property, and religion, and are prepared to give every aid in their power to tho Queen's Government,to re-tist attempts which, though impracticable and insane, aro fraught with the most pernicious consequonces us regards the well- bolng-of this country. Among the agencies actively and exten- sively employed by the conspirators was tho very potent one of circulating and singing seditious Bongs, especially among soldiers. A private namod Flynn, belonging to the 3rd Buffs, stationed at Longford, was recently found engaged in this practice at a public house, swearing at the same time that he was a real Irishman, and would fight as an Irishman. His misconduct was reported by some of his comrades, and an order was re- ceived yesterday from headquarters, directing that he should bo tried by court martial, with the view of putting a stop to this practice. Sir Hugh Rose has also issued a general order on the subject. Yon have learned by tolegraph the im- portant news contained in the Cork Examiner of last evening, that Stephens has made his escape to America. What makes the news probable is, that his wife departs this day irom Queenstown to New York, by the Inman steamer. Two Fenian fugatives have been arrested at Dromahair, in the county Loitrim, and two others in Dromard, in the county of Sligo. Yesterday afternoon forty- five of the Fenian prisoners were romoved from Kilmaiubam Gaol to Mountjoy Convict Prison. This batch includes nearly all the American officers, aud the more important prisouors arrested under the Habeas Coipus Suspension Act. lewis to make room for them that the ordinary convicts wero sent to Belfast on Saturday, so that the Belfast people were mistaken in re- garding thoso prisoners as Fenians. THE OXFORD AND CAMBRIDGE BOAT RACE. (FBOJl THE PALL JIALL GAZETTE.) It was still an hour before dawn when, through tho darkness on Barnes Common, the men who were soon to confront the gaze of so many eager and curious eyes took their last training walk and " breather." There was a dreary breakfast by candlelight at five a.m. Soon after at the scene of action " dark blue" broke the monotony by launching for a paddle and a couple of short starts, to tho steamboat pier and back again. Cambridge remained in their quarters, and as the Oxford crew came back to theirs, the sun ap- peared ; and then the scone was lively enough. By seven a.m., the rival headquarters wore thronged with veterans who came to dispel the feari and cherish the hopes of the competi- tors. A quarter-past seven brought down the umpire, the classic, cricketing, 'Varsity stroke, Chitty, and before Putney tower tolled out half past seven, the move was mado to the boat- houses. Cambridge wondered whether the tide of fortune would ever turn when Oxfoid won the choice of stations for the sixth time running, and then, in good hoart and earnest of purpose, they got afloat. Cam biidge was first away, Oxford not a minute behind. As they paddle to stations, theirevun swing, accuiate time, und long reach call for eulogies for both, from friends and foes alike. There should be no 2 to 1 against Cambridge if that bit of rowing is any criterion ; but such, somehow, is tho current state of the odds, which have been thrown out of ull gear by the wholesale speculations of bookmakers, trnsting to the prestige of Oxford, bub not knowing an oar from a broomstick. No delay at the start-no watermen's " fiddling." They strip and are forward all in a twinkling. Suspense is soon broken; they are off. A good start in good style ; but Oxford have the best of it, going away mote evenly (with a few feet to the good at Simmonds's), settling down to thirty-nine strokes a minute. Cam- bridge force on two a minute quicker ; and are up to them and ahead before they roach the London Rowing Club boathouse. Oxford keep on steady as ever, and Cambridge career by them, not so rapidly as last year, but still at a passablo pace. At the Point, Forbes takes Cambridge very wide, but they are three fourths of a length in front, and in making the " shoot" an entire length. The same at the Crab Tree, the boats not spurling upon each other, but rowing each thuir o and playing their own game. The positious are about the same under Himmerismith Bridge, which they shoot at 8.20, both in the centie arch; Oxford, if anything, Blightly overlapping. The sporting world is «lad to see Cambridge win, and the whole muss of spectators, in carriages, on foot, or hanging in the chains of the bridge, cheer them as they dash by. Signs of a west wind and rough water are already visible outside tbo houso under the lead mills, and soon the coxswains warn their men to feather high, and hold tight. The boats are still in statu quo, neither gaining nor losing. But presently, as tho head wind increases, the labour ot getting forward endangers the length of the btroke; the Oxford stroke-oar slackens, and keeps his men together, losing but little way compara- tively, and pieserving form and strength, Cambridge steer into the bay out of the strength of the tide, where they aro more sheltered from the wind. A lumbering barge, tacking up with the tide, swiugd full across the race, and dangar is imtni- ' nent. Oxford Bheer to the right, und Cambridge follow them, but lose far more ground than the othors, by having fur- ther to go. Both then make for the shelter of the Middlesex shore, and the advantage of this corner is everything. Cambridge have had the pull in corners ever since the Crab Tree, and Oxford cannot afford to lose this advunloge; so while Uiiffiths forces the race, Brown follows suit, and al last lets his mon go in real esrnest. They have been rowing within themselves, biding their time, and when they aro called upou they " come." Yard by yard, and rowlock by rowlock, they close np-swinging, sweeping, and alashinç ia better iorni than ever, and before the curve is reached they take the lead, for tho first time in three aud a half miles, except during the first half minute. Here the race lesemblos that of last year, but Oxford now take longer to pass their rival, and never got so far ahead as in the former match. Nor do the Oxonians here shoot away at such a paco as when tiley took the lead last year. It Is still hard fighting, and though tney draw away, there is barely daylight between the boats as they shoot Barnes-bridge iu 19min. áOdec. But from this point all is over, and Oxford draw slowly. They are a clear length at the White Hart, and increase the distance in the last half mile, winning by three clear lengths in 26min. 50sec. To lose such a rnco is no disgrace, and against such a crew ; and Cam- bridge, if not victorious over Oxford, have «t least conquered themselves. QUEEN MARIE AMELIE. (from the tdieb, march 20.) The Queen of his Inte Majesty King Louis Philippe, of France, has just now ended in tranquil dignity a life of many and great vicissitudes. Marie Amélie do Boutbon waa the daughter of Ferdinand the Fourth of Napl'ip, Third of Sicily, and First of the United Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Her mother waa Marie Caroline, Archduchess of Austria, the impe- rious daughter of Maria Theresa, and sister of Marie Antoinette and of tho Emperors Joseph and Leopold. If Ferdinand was the nominal ruler or bia kingdom, Marie Caroline was the real sovereign. How, In spite of her husband and his Cabinet, she served Nelson in his hour of need, at the instigation of Lady Hamilton, will bo remembered by all English- men. Marie Amélie, the luture Queen of the French, was one of five sistera, who wore most carefully educated. She oarly dis- played the germs of thoso amiable qua- lities which distinguished her in after life. " We three eistera," paid on one occasion the widow of Charles Felix, King of Sardinia, to M. Dounet, Archbishop of Bordeaux, " we three sisters in our childhood were called respectively la bella, la dolla, and la santa. La santa was Marie Amélie. The political storms amid which this princess passed her early years make the begiuuing of her life resemblo to some extent the youth of her future husband. She was scarcely ten years of age when, in 1792, the French fleet, cm manded by Admiral de la Touche Treville, appeared in the Bay of Naples ; and from that time onwards, during the period of the first victories of Napoleon, the Royal family of Naples were kept lu a state of perpetual anxiety and aluim. At length, on the conquest of Naples by the French troops under General Cbamplonnet in 1798, Ferdinand and his Queen fled into Sicily with their children. ThoPrinccss Marie Amélie romaine 1 nt Palermo with her mother during the tirst Neapolitan revolution, and even for Borne time after the victories of Su warrow in North- ern Italy had compelled the French troops to depart from Naples. lu the month of Juno, 1800, the Queen rtsd her daughters went to Vienna, where they reuminert for two yean, returning to Naples in 1802. Renewed politi cot'outbreakscompelledtheRoyalfamityaga n i to retire into Sicily, and it was during this Second period of residence there that the Princess Mario Amélie for the first time met the Duke of Orleans, like herself an exile from his country. In 1808, on his return from the burial in Malta of his brother the Comte de Beaujolais, Louis Philippe received a cordial invitation from Ferdinand to pay a visit to Palermo. He did so, and soon gained the affection of tho second of the king's daughters. There appears to be a doubt as to the motives of Queen Caroline in eventually sanction- ing their union. It was not to be expected that the sister of Marie An- toinette and the wife of a Bourbon King could look- with much favour on the son of one who took a chief part in the persecution of her sister, aud in the executinn of hiB King. On the other hand, it has been said that the shrewd Queen I early saw the strong points in the character of the Duke of Orleans, and thought that, amid the perils which at the moment sur- rounded her family, it would be well to attach to thoir interests a man of his tact and experience. Whatever may have been her motives, there is no doubt, us to the motlvcB of the young people themselves. Their mar- riage was one purely of afftction. Amid all the political misfortunes which afterwards overtook thurn, their domestic happiuess was never for a moment disturbed, aud their household virtues" became proverbial in Europe. The marriage took place at Palermo, on the 25th of November, 1809 ; and the Duke and Duchess continued- to reside there until 1814, in the enjoyment of a greater ! amount of trnnquility than had hitherto fallen to the lut of either. In 1814 the re- storation of the House of Bourbou summoned the head of the younger branch of the family from this state of comparative seclusion, and established him in his due position in France. In the month of September of this year the Ductless of Orleans arrived in her adopted country, but it was not long before the events of the Hundred Days compelled her to take refuge with her children in England, whence ehe did not return to Paris till tue commence- ment of 1817. From this time down to the Revolution of July her residence was in France, where she attracted the esteem and love even of the enemies of the House of Orleans by the Bimple beauty of her life, her gentle piety, and her unwearying charity. It haB been asserted that in 1830 her Legiti- mist tendencies led her to view the Revo- lution with sorrow, though it tended to her own elevation. Sno is evon said to have expressed a strong repugnance to share a throne to which, according to her ideas of right, she had no claim. Whatever truth there may be in these assertions, the unalterable devotion which Marie Amélie here to her husband, whether in prosperity or adversity, overcame all her scruples, and she dotermlned on the path of conduct she was for the future to adopt. She took no part in political affairs, but devoted herself to the education of her children and to works of charity. It was the Qucon's unhappy fate, ero she had buen many years on the throne, to have her tendeieet reelings wounded by more than one domestic affliction. In 1839 the beau- tiful and accomplished Princess Marie died, and in 1842 a strange and melancholy acci- dent led to the death in the Queen's arms of her eldest son, and to the destruction with him of the best security for the House of Orleans. Bitter as was this sudden blow, it served only to bring out in stronger colours the beauty of tho Queen's na- ture. She felt that there wus one on whom the blow had lallen with even more stunning severity, and sue devoted her- self to soothe and comfort her afflicted daughter-in-law. A few years more and she had to display courage of a different sort-a courage and dignity which seemed to belong to her race, aud which offered a strong con- trast to the irresolution of tbo King. La- martine, in glowing terms, deäcribus the scene at the Tuileries when the Queen, her grey locks contrasting with the fire of her eyes and the uuimated flush of her cheek, said to the King, in language worthy of the grand- daughter of Marla Theresa and the niece of Marie Antoinette, "Go and show yourself to the disheartened troops and to tho irresolute National Guard. I will place myself in the bal- cony with my grandchildren and my daugh- ters, and will Bee you die in a mauuer worthy of yourself, of your throne, and of our com- mon misfortunes." When tho King declared his intention' of abdicating, she rebuked him with passionate uarneetnesa. She cured not, she said, what was said in or out of the Tuileries, but in her estimation revolution waB ever a crime, and abdication a cowardice. . " Siro ! " she concluded energetically, " a king should never lose his crown without making an effort to defend it." Acording to Lord Normanby's report, her words were:-" Siro 1 n'abdiquez pas ; montez à cheval, mettez vous à la tête do vos troupes, et je prierai Dieu pour vous." When, however, re- sistance waa too late, the Queen Bubsided again into tho wife, and prepared to accom- pany her husband in his melancholy flight. Worn out by contending emotions and anxie- ties, she fell senseless to the ground in the attempt to step into tho carriage, Sbon re- covering, she accompanied the King to Evreux, whore Bho separated from him for safety. She rejoined him afterwards at Hon- neur, and shared the difficulties of his passage to England. In the quiet seclusion of Clare- mont she do voted herself to the task of sooth- ing the regrets and cheering the heart of the King. In 1850 she received his last breath. As on the 2Cth of next month she would have completed her eighty-fourth year, it can scarcely be said that tho death of the Queon is unexpected ; and yet she died in compara- tivo health. Two days before her decease she bad her carriage drive. The day before sho was up as usual, with this only différence, that, feeling ratber exhausted, sho went to bed in the evening earlier than was her wont. She passed a restless night. On Saturday morning she said, "Je suis mieux"-her last words-and fell asleep. In that Bleep she died. The late Queen had five sons and three daughters. Her brother succeeded to . the throne of Naples, and was the father of the famous Bomba. Her four sisters wore married respectively to the Emperor of Austria, the Grand Duke of Tuscany, Charles Felix, King of Sardinia, and Ferdinand VII,, King of Spain. AUSTRIA AND PRUSSIA. The Dlbats of 25th March aays : "The status quo is evidently no longer pos-. sible: the provisional situation created by the Gastein Convention cannot be prolonged. Commerce is paralysed, and diplomacy is alarmed and fatigued by this continued un- certainty. We hear nothing but of armies mobilised, of regiments on the march, of fortresses put in a state of defence, of councils of ministers and generals. Are we, then, on the eve of another thirty years' or another seven years' war ? The language of certain journals in Vienna aud Berlin would make us fear bo. Still, in spite of this language, and in eplte of the prepara- tions bo persistently announced, we can- not believe that two groat poworo which, notwithstanding their antagonism, have so many interests m common, will, on accouut of a paltry ambition or an exaggerated sense of honour, compromise the general peace of Europe. Before adopting extreme measures, Austria and Prussia may submit their differ- ences to the decision of the Federal Diet ; or, if this Diet ia now but a mere name, they may with advantage have recourso to the Euro- pean Congress that is now sitting in Paria. Unfortunately history affords but few ex- amples ot preventive congresses; that descrip- tion of diplomatic councils generally speaks only after the ultima ratio regum the cannon, has spoken." The New Free Press says : " We learn from a well-informed source that Herr Von Bismarck recently declared to the Austrian ambassador, and to tho>rcpresenta tivoB of the Western Powers in Berlin, that be would abide by the Convention of Gastein, but at the same time he intimated that he proceeded on the supposition that Austria would accept the Prussian interpretation of that treaty," As tho question at issue is the in- terpretation of the treaty, the latter supposi- tion destroys the importance of the loimer declaration." The iublicist of Berlin Bays : " Austria, with her arrogant Magyars, with her intractable Czecke, her schism of Sclave nationaltieB, Is simply Austria ; she will never be a German power. But this is exactly what Pruhsia ib. If Prussia at tho end of a decisive war had to seek for her centre of gravity else- where than at Berlin, it would be at Frank- fort, and once there the flagstones of Vienna would not burn the boIob of the Prussian grenadiers. It Austria were as wise as she Is blind she would porcelve that Prutsla has thi3 time fortunately gone too far to recede ; that sho must, if needs be, stake her wholo existence in conquering that which Austria will not cede willingly. Pru6Bis, notwith- standing her internal embarrassments, is iu a better position than she was fifteen yoara ago. AuBtriaiB in a fur worse position. If people at Vienna peiBiBt ia keeping their eyes shut, if they cease to be modest and just towards Prussia, good ! Let late and force then decido whether Buda or Königsberg is b bo ton centre of gravity." UB H0 To the above article the New Free Press r«. plies :- *" "The victories of Düppel and Alsenseem to have so turned the heads of certain dbS in Prussia that they believe themsoCI* vincible. This Prnssia, wWÏ happy destiny has preserved from all the Btorma which have agitated most of the great statol of Europe, who owes her pro jperity to »fita years' peace, who has always had the koacfr of cooking her soup on the fire which burnell her neighbour's houBe ; this Prussia ali whose military experience for the last'fií>Í years has consisted ina campaien with iSÍ. Grand Duchy ot Baden an affaTr at Cs"nde and a cannonade a Doppel, in all of S she lost fewer men than Austria in the SÄ. battle of Oversee, nevertheless assumes th S air of having conquered not only Denmark/ but Austria. This Prussia, whom fate baf hitherto preserved, must have become vero presumptuous indeed if abo does not «lintiiin from a war in which, na the Publicist krui, tnys, her whole existence would bo at slake » SPIRIT OF THE PRESS THE DEBATE ON VICTORIAN AÏTAIRS. (FllOJI THE TIMES, MA.EGH 2_ ) The motion of Lord Ujbert MoDtagu last Tuesday on the recent events in the c .lonv of Victoria laised several questions of the very highest importance Li the first place there was the original caUBe of the qunml-I the wish of the democratic Assembly to lighten tho duties on articles of consumption ot foreign growth which the colony wig unable to produce, and to impose them on other manufactured pioductn which tho colony, at u creator expense and in a wor,o manner, could contrive to produce for it _lf Then there was the overbeanug conduct of the Assembly,(which tried to carry its point bv tacking the I ariff to the Appropriation Bill and, failing this collected duties by resolu- tion alone Besides all these, there was the extraoidinary misbehaviour of the Governor who lont himself to what Mr Ireland properly called a conspiracy to obtain possession of tho public money in fraud of tho securities provided by act of Parliament, and, lastly there is the manner m which the Secretary of State for the Colonies dealt with all the diflerent personages in this singular drama Of Sir Charles Darling wo have little more to say Ho has been iccalled from office wita the unanimoub approbation of all p -äoas who have made themselves masters of the case, and we do not think it nectssarj to do more than obseive how remarkably events have justified the estimate we originally formed of his proceedings Of the ¿ovorn ment and Legislatuie of Victoria ülr Card- well seemB to wish that nothing should bo said He lomindB us that we b t\e civen to these colonies helf government, and ¿egans not to criticieo the manner in which they employ the gift No one is moro entitled to a respectful consideration than Mr Card- well, who has, by the almissiou of everyone, acted with íirmnet-s justice and moderation But he appears to narrow too much the ri^ht of criticism enjoyed by tbo Houso of Com mons and the press, ami wo cannot ac- cept his advice on this oeca«lon We aro in the habit of criticising with perfect freedom the conduct of our own and of all loreign Governments and Legislatures. The colonial Parliaments form a department in termediate between England and foreign countries, but one, nevertheless, oa which wo have an excellent right to form anti ox press an opinion. We have the greatest in- terest in the welfare and good government of those vast countries iu which so inauy thousands of our countrymen annually find a home. Wo have the same sovereign Their act», to obtain validity, must be assented to by the Queen, ad vised by a Minister re3pon sible to our Parliament We are responsible for tbeir actions If Victoria and New South. Wales go to war, as they were very nearlv doing the other day, we must interfere to separate the combatants. If these colonies get into trouble with foreign countries we ire bound to support them It we aro involved in war, we must undertake their defence. They do not contributo towards the expanses of an empire on whoso resources they may draw so largely, and which pavas them the necessity of expending their ro vonueB in the maintenance of fleets and armicB All the60 difficult and complicated relations give ue we think, a good right to' cutlclee their proceedings Wo are bound, then, to say that the moral which Ijrd Robert Montagu pointB for our edification at the expense of the people of Victoria will be by no means without its value The Minis- ters seem originally to have been free trade«, popular will speedily forced them to abmdon this position, and to become the advocates of protection. They did not give tho Council tho chance of passing the Tariff Bill, b it tent it up, in the most offensive manner, ' tacked ' to the bill for tho appropriation of the re- venue They peremptorily refused to refer their case to the Judicial Committee of tbo Privy Council, probably from a well grounded opinion of its weakness Yet when indi- viduals brought actions for a violation of the law, they gave notice of aopoal to this very Piivy Council, and threatened the pera ins who brought the actions with au ex post facto law aepriving them of the costs to which they had btcûmo entitled Ihey borrowed money from the bankB by confessing judgment in action b for which the public money was not liable, and, by way of appeal against the judgment ol the Supremo Court the Ministry finally rofeired the matter to universal snf» huge as a ¡>ort of supreme tnbunal by which the question was ultimately to be decided We claim the light to give au opinion on these things-ihe nght to say that, great as muy have been the errors of the Governor who lt-nt himself to these proceeding they uro not greater than the violence, uutairnej, and ii justice displayed throughout hy tua Victorian Legislaiuic Amoug tbo iruuy evils of extreme democracy, one of the chid is that it admits of no rlvul and allows of no control A co ordinate institution arising from tho same Bonrce-that is the will of the people-may posbibly ho tieated with somo respect, as we tee m the duel now going on between the American President ani hu Legislature But between au Assembly repre- senting numbers and an Assemblj represent ing rroperty thero seems to bo no possibility of harmony or cooperation In proportion as the will of each individual is w will of the aggregate is strong, and they indemnify themselves collectively hy_tho mo6t despotic and arbitrary action I nts form of Government has lasted but a few years in Victorio, and already it seems to have placed the responsible Ministry and tho Governor completely under its feet. Thero are but two powors in the colony capablo of resisting it the ono is tho faupieme Oqnrt, the other the Upper Chamber. Ihe Upper Chamber it has sought to over- whelm and intimidate, und, filing this, threatens it with a reform which will pro- bably bo tantamount to its destruction 1 ne Supreme Court it seekB to overawe by means of a general election which may convince too judges how little judicial authority avails when the wishes of the sovoreigu people are enlisted on the other side. We beg earnest y to point out to tho whole people of "letona the extreme danger of the course on wmcb. the} are entering Their admirable climate, their fertile territory, and their homogeneous population render their country the moet ue siiablo field of emigration in the world., Bun all these will not counterbalance the disau vantnge If it shall happen that in this »nu, for which Nature has done bo much, law ana authority are not respected, aud the oniy Becunty that a colonist has for person or pro peitj is the chance of nuning himself on tua same side with a dominaut majoritj (FnOM THE _COI.OMr5T) , Mr. Cardwell had curtainly no Choice um to recall Sir Charles Darling for his ü^gronC violation of constitutional law in vic uria. and wo only wonder, indeed, that hedeferrea the recall so lone, and based it eventnaiiy rather on tho Governor's petulance in Re- nouncing his political critics in that colony, and declaring that it would bo tomT0'0*, him ever to accept them as constitution« adviBers apain, than on the flagrant ano.in- excusable breach of the constitution vvhica preceded this foolish explosion oNll temper No doubt tho ground on which Wwr" bases his recall of fair Charles 1ÄW sufficient Any Governor who speaks of suca temperate political critics as the gentlemen who signed the address to the Crown In terms rendering it imponibI. for him f«J'« with them again, declares himself «w A«» unhttobeGovernor.ButthoughMr CardweliB ground is quito sufficient, we hold that trie ground for recalling the Governor o ' V rtona was amply sufficient three months be ora, and almoi imperatively urgent one month before his recall was dec ded upon. Ou: H» 27th November, Mr. Cardwell scut out oi co spatch of censure so strong **d*°°X£ condemning the Governor'« course as aviola tion of the Constitution, that; we think n Bbonld havo been accompanied by a «'»'". Assuredly on the 2bth January, when nu. Cardwell had received all the »pologles, ui attempted apologies, forthe Governors «^ libeiateviolation of the Constitution of v w torla which Sir Charles Darling and ms "¿.-i»»« were able to o dor, the necessity of ad iiino him scemB to us to have been so im ,tM T that we cannot understand Its Tit r delay. A month later, onthe2Gth Hi, heÍ was recalled; but even then ho »°'id expressly, not for his violation of KOA but for his outburst of Í ^roualnst his opponents in the colony, H,Snof a wsh to-punish them, and T. »solve or something like a resolve, never tJtviti them again No doubt that is And for recalling the Governor which Sound mildest to the people of Victoria. It win seem to them to be a recall founded int «non the Secretary of State's disapproval ¿/sound mildest ¿o^epeople^of Viotorl», Itw J?ffinncôr«Htnïi"ônar policy recommeuded £1 he Colonial Ministers, but upon the Go l,v the Colonial aiiuinuii*, u..u u^n .mo «u »imnr's avowal of incompetence to accept the iSs of the Opposition for his advisers in /S they should again lead a Parliamentary / ¡".¡ty So far it may be fortunate for the îftiilon of the home Government to the »hat Mr. Cardwell delayed the recall Jil he could found it ou a reason which will live woisht with the colony. But wo confess »bit baa tbia additional weight not been «now« into the scale, wo should have hold Mr Cardwell quite inexcusable, and wo think Parliament would have held Mr. Cardwell irite inexcusable, for not relieving the Go vc wr'of his office. We should hold tbo de ¡baale bl each of the constitution a graver «nd moro urgent reason for recalling any mlonlal governor than even mexciuable "jTiv pnssiouB. The danger to our whole íoloíinl policy In permitting a governor to temoin in any colony who is bo '."lilie In the hands of his advisers as io bs persuaded into a violation of the íunÜBtntntal law which regulates his own authority aud duties there no less than thoso of (be other branches of the Government, strikes us as so formidable that we confess tur iwft that Mr. Curdwell did not ground Ms recall on the Imperial rather than the ¡¡denial reason, and did not make an example 0f Sir Charlea Darling which would be likely lo impress the Governors of our other colonies. ia it is, the forco of the lesson will be spent in leaching our colonial Governors modera- tion and temper towards their political critics jno political enemies in the settlement. That isa iiBpful leeson to colonial Governors no doubt, bat seeme to us quito secondary in imiiOTtanco to tho other-the absolute neces- sity of governing their actions strictly accord- ing to the constitutional limits laid down for for them, whatever bo the consequences. lho dead-lock in Victoria has now been bo long discussed, though the papers presented to 1'aillnment have only vory recently been be- töre us, that wo need only remind our readers j lery briefly of the actual conduct of the ¿oviruor, The Lower Houso in Victoria, which is ebctcd by universal suffrage, has I recently bl come very Btrongly favourable to protection ; anU in J anuary, 1865, it passed an esceedlngly protective tariff, raising the duties onimpjiiB and lowering the export duty ou gold. This tariff the Legislative Council, a undi more conservative body of thirty numbers, one-fifth of which retiro every two jsais (so that it cannot be renewed com- pletely under ten years, and a majority could not well bo changed, If the Council were no\V miaoimouF, under six yeaîs), wa9 pretty cer- tain to rcjict. To avoid this rejection the Government waa guilty of a mere trick. . 'l'licy imposed the new duties from tho moment of their passing the Assembly, aB our Custom-house does from the moment of the lesolulions paining the House of Commons ; lot inBtead of hurrying on with the legisla- tion »8 vro do, they deferred Bonding np tho Tariff Bill to the Legislative Council for werai mouths till near the end of thesossiou, and then tacked Hen to the Appropriation Bil), so as to com pel the Lt-gislative Council either ¿accept the new tariff or reject the appropria- tion lor the public servie«. In short, instead of levj in g the proposed dutios in anticipation of the aïEent ol' the other branch of the Legisla- tor?, they actually levied them in anticipa- tion of its refusal, and made that anticipation as long beforehand as possible, in order to leuen the probability of that refusal. So far the course taken, unconstitutional as it was, «as the Ministers' course rather than the Governor's, Sir Charles Darling did what he could to bring about au understanding be- tween the two branches of the Legislature, and failed. Of course, the Legislative Council hld oeiclo the Tariff Bill thus tacked on to the Appropriation Bill, and no money for the piibllc Btrvico waB voted at all. Then carno the first item of tho Governor's share in the asttcr, Merchants who had been compelled to pay the higher duty on the authority of the Assembly'b resolutions alone, in Bpito of the refusal of the Legislative Council to pass (ne bill, appealed to the Suprome Court, which decided thot no such duty could be dieted by law. But, in Bpite of this, the Government continued to levy these altered duties. Now, whatever the Governor's duty min regard to his responsible advisers may Kit is quite clear that it cannot be his duty ti tote the advice of a partisan Attorney General na to a mero matter of law against a decision of the Supreme Court, and that without his authority as Governor no Cus- ieras duties could be exactod at all. Clearly, tLreloie, after this deeieion of the Supreme Cctrt, if not before, it became his duty, as the uprtsentative of constitutional law in tliecolony. to refuse his sanction to the ex- action of the higher duties, Bot the breach of law did not stop hore. Alter a time it became difficult to carry cn the Government without Bupplies, and tie advisers of the Governor invented au «aston of the law which was precisely as rroFB a breach of it as if they liad professed to be breaking it. The law of Vic- toria does not allow any of the revenue raised, and which must be all paid into the public account, to be drawn from that account «¡tat certificates signed by the Treasurer and countersigned by the Audit Commis »re that tho money is legally available for the purpose for which it is intended. Such certificates could not of course, without the passago of any Appropriation Bill, be 8>yen. So the course taken was to borrow W was wanted from one of the banks, of which Mr. M'Culloch, Primo Minister, hap- pened to be director,-to pay the needful alines, &c;" out of this borrowed money sud then repay tho bank by confessing judg. »ewin the Supreme Court, when the bank claimed the amount due to it, upon which the Governor was advised that the money in it* ' public account" became available «now an act directing that judgments against tteQneen may be satisfied out of the consoli- des revenue without specifio appropriations. A»»iuee could be more unconstitutional jod illegal, and the Governor was a party totverj step. The loan could not have been got at all without the express authorisa- tion of tbe Governor in Council, and the wernor had no more power to contract a public loan without a colonial law for that impose than Lord KuBsell would havo to do »on the authority of a vote of the House of tournons which had so little ohanco of piEtttg the Lords that there waa no notion eveíi of sending it np there. And not only «W the Governor contract au illegal loan, but MKPMd it m a wanner entirely illegal. The i i i{il0on oi Judgment in the Queen's name « ? .. Preme Court of course no discro Iwnm the matter ;- tho claim brought by the »'».Miaconfessed by the Government, was L ¡! ve °"c'' aml na tne'e was no oppoBi on, iheie «üb nothing to do but to give tho Ä'l StiU tbu collusion was no less '"W Hie Queen did not owe the money, linn ,-WJ"H «wtirely illegal, and the confes P> ° judgment was a falso one- Mr. Ire J "" » .in6naKa in «"»Hing tbe wholo transac ¿wli c.0MpitBcy'"-a conspiracy, in fact, loo thon. colonîal exohequer-was not But the Illegality of the Governor's proceed il? i d ní oud evt'n h(ire- When at length «ejjötmbly sent up a Tariff Bill separately »HA ^kla'ive Council-a Tariff Bill »oieaqonshed ex post facto all the judgments Ï "f«e Court in favour ot the mor An»° ¥d ^tended for the illegality « um iglier duties enforoed-the Legislative K »''Jeered it by a majority of nineteen <Z ' <>Fp(iu tbi8 the Government ceased to m$¿,, ln.Khcr ,duties *>nsb.t to »a im fet ii, ile,.A6Eembly> but continned to col ttert,i,?,u,K'B,wbich hftd been reduced by S Ä"0? 0{ thB Assembly at the reduced (fli>r. Ti any Banction of law or pretonco it ¿miiot? considerable time did not tait«, ii^i0111 tUo ß°ld exporters, tea S?,1,ndo/ -re, for the difference. Thus i"7« jvely romltted by a mero ff? of"ö /branch of the Assembly Hie bilU,n° ."- had absolutely rejected iii't - whí\tÍ8in,«tbo remissions ; which is 'itinliM ths Ca8tom- house officers hod Cr¿he datyT paper after Mr. Glad 'rtL,, dBet.ln 1800 without taking bonds ¿Xi |nUnUtV.onlhad «"»«mied to grant tóSín L n?Lftflr4ho »Jeotion of tho Paper b(S"Vh^ *Ï0U60 of Lords. A more Ile »Ärcnch of constitutional duty by s wI» î VB w?b aevor committed. All VAtmaiv LniBn ln England on the 2Gth of K ' vi moat of " on tbe 27th of No- ir. Carrlt» o llül í?lany of theee thlûS3 did Tclv ftlTn J"*}1 Sir 0harIes Darling, but P*bffiiib"n,daud Passionate despatch p!*kS,Tnonnced h¡8 wes, expressed KtZPt°"diPr?rte thoni. and bîa purpose Un ^ witb »bera again. That is a nre i'flith!, -I kcnrcely fear that sensible pBtSÏÏLi^1110íteuJ follow- BQt if Go ? " Mo to be excused for the most flagrant breaches of law, on the ground that their con- stitutional advisors recommend them, why not give out that in case the local colonial Ministers recommend a revolution, a coup d'etat, or even u rebellion against the Sovereign, the Governor will not necessarily bo removed for nssentine to such proceedings? If ho may break the Constitution at'the advice of advisers whom he only receives at nil under the Constitution without being recalled, what worse Is there which he might not do without counting upon a recall ? It may be said that a Constitution is a mis- take where a deadlock without remedy is possible If it tnkcH at least six or Bevon years to change the Legislative Council, and the Assembly fully rooreeents tho immediato feeling of the coustituencies, it is difficult to see how dead-locks uro to bo avoided. No doubt that is perfectly true. But that is not the affair of the Governor. It may bo a r; asou for asking prevision of the Constitu- tion in a constitutional way ; it is no reason for breaking the constitutional engagements between the Queen and her colonial sub- jects. (FROM THE HOME NEWS, MARCH 26.) The recall of Sir Charles Darling has been much discussed in England, and we may add that the course adopted by Mr. Cardwell has been fully ratified by the verdict of public opinion. A fatal error, of a nature to lead to worse and moro serious results from day to day, had been committed by the Queen's representative; and the only practicable solution of the difficulty, without entering into questions which properly belong to the colonial authorities, was to recall the Go- vernor. The despatch in which the Colonial J Secretary discharges this unpleasant duty is remarkable for its clear exposition of the facts and of the violated principles underlying them. Sir Charles Darling had not only mistaken his Uno of duty, but otherwise tendered bis continued administration of the government impossible. Had he, like Mr. Cardwell, left'the dead-lock botweon the Assembly and the Council to adjust itself by constitutional means, all must have ulti- mately gone right, however the issue might have been obstructed or complicated; buttha moment ho took the remedy into his own hands, and violated the law to restore the balance of the Constitution, no alternative was left to the Colonial Minister but that which he reluctuntly, but firmly, put into execution. It is not very surprising that the true character of the caso should be partially lu ist alien, or perhaps misrepresented, in England, and that political elements should be impotted into its discussion which havo nothing to do with it. Mr. Marsh's horror of universal suffrage, and Lord Robert Montagu's sympathy for fieo trade, are alike foreign to the question of Sir Charles Darling's recall, which involves no political or party considerations whatever. Above all things it should be distinctly understood in Aus- tralia that the interposition of the Imperial Government rests solely upon constitutional grounds-that its object is to vindicate, eo far as such vindication lies in the province of the Impciial Government, the free action and independence of the colonial authorities; that Mr. Cardwell has carefully avoided the ex- pression or implication of an opinion upon tho matters at issue between tho Assembly and the Council, and which concern thom alone; and that he has stated ia the most formal and explicit manner that neither the Imperial Government nor the Imperial Par- liament should be permitted to become a Court of Appeal in reference to tho political action of the colonies. (FROM TUB DAILY NEWS, MXRCIT 25.) The overland Australian mall, which leaves to-day, will carry the speeches of Lord Robert Montagu and Mr, Marsh in the House of Commons, together with other articles on tho samo subject, equally candid and impartial, that have appeared in our newspapers. Taken by themselves there is nothing in their ad- dresses that would deserve notice, either in tho colony or here at home ; if they prove mischievous, it will be because they follow close upon a serious act of the Im- perial Government, the character of which they will bo supposed to qualify. The value ot the opinions of those honourable members on a question of statesmanship is a matter which our kinsmen in Australia are quite able to appreciate; but the simplest intellect may Eerve as a witness, and the danger is that their woids may be accepted at the antipodes as adequate evidence of the state of opinion prevailing in the English public. In these circumstances it is ptoper that the people of the colony should be informed tbnt no such jealous aud hostile feeling towards them exists in the minds of their countrymen at home as the passionate speeches of these orators might seem to imply. It is the more needful to Gtato distinctly this complacent temper of the public at home, because tbeie is danger that amidst the poli- tical excitement that prevails in Victoria Borne expressions in Mr. Cardwell's despatch may receive an interpretation which thoy could not bavo been designed to bear. Mr. Cardwell has recalled Governor Darling, ostensibly because by the language of his despatches respecting those members of the Executive Council who had signed au" ad- dress to the Queen, he had " precluded him- self 'from acting freely with those whom the course of Parliamentary proceedings might piest-nt to him as confidential advisers," Of course a Secretary of State is bound to contem- plate the remotest contingency, and forthat purpose bhould bo gifted with a certain viva- city of imagination ; and, indeed, there is a speculative boldness about Mr, Cardwell's suggestion, that it was necepsary to recall the Governor because a majority of the Assembly might callthe present Opposition to the Minis- terial benches, which we cannot but admire. The event, wo admit, is possible, but it does not explain the suddenness, the emphasis, of Governor Darling's recall. The terms of his despatches, we think, are such" as to leave no doubt that Mr.' Cardwell has selected this reason for his act out of generous considera- tion for the feelings of the colonists, and that Governor Darling would have beeu equally recalled if he had not severely censured the conduct of the members of the Executive Council. THE JAMAICA OUTBREAK. (FR03I THE TIMES, MARCH 19.) There is no longer any reasonable doubt that cruelties, of which it is impossible to think without shuddering, were pepetrated in the suppression of the Jamaica insurrection. Some, indeed, of the worst stories originally told have melted away under the process of examination, others have been materially qualified by counter evidence, and many seem to have been attached by mistake to innocent persons. Still, more than enough remain unshaken and even undisputed. It ¡B now certain that scores, and perhaps hun- dreds, of prisoners were flogged bofore being hung, and often before being tried. It is cer- tain that some, though it is uncortain how many, weie compelled to run the gauntlet, after being flogged, through a crowd of brutal spectators, who were allowed to insult or pelt them as they pleased. It is certain that several, at least, were shot or hung without tbo pretence of a trial, at the caprice of an officer or subordinate. It is certain that Mr. Ramsay, the provost-marshal, stands charged by a multitude of witnesses, black and white, with excesses for which a parallel must be sought among the infamous eccentrici- ties of Oriental despots. It is certain, at least-for the statement rosts on the autho- rity of the resident magistrate at Bath-that he flogged with his own hand fifteen men who bad never been sentenced, and were to bo sent before tho court martial at Morant Bay. It is probable, moreover, that men wore bribed with the hope of life-a hopo not always realised-to betray their accomplices ; that persons accused of crimes wero refused permission to call witnesses in their defence, and that some were executed the only proof of whose guilt was their being found wounded. TheEO aro things which cannot be dismissed with common-places about the dire necessities of war, and the unfairness of BcrutiniBing retrospectively through a micro- scope tho proceedings of men confronted with an overwhelming danger. Thoy nro acts, not military, but judicial, done for the most part after armed resistance bad ceasod, and when there was nothing to prevent a deliberate separation of the innocent from tho guilty. While we are unable to characterise in gentler terms tho general effect of the evi- dence detailed in the letter of our Jamaica correspondent, it Is tight to mention certain statements which tend, so far as thoy go, to extenuate tho conduct of individuals. To tbo alleged enormities of Mr. Ramsay we shall not further 'allude, for this gentleman had been arrested ou Febiuary 20, and, although released on bail, will doubt lets have to auswor an indictment for murder, liven to him some wild and fitful touches of kindness are attributed by some of those who testified against him, and two of the volun- teer officers, whoso names are well known in connexion with these transactions, have appa- rently succeeded in modifying to some extant the unfavourable impressions against them. Captain Astwood, of the Kingston Volunteer Corps, positively declared that so long qb he Eat on the cburt-maitinl at Morant Bay- one or tno days-every case was can fully investi- gated, tho accused being allowed full opportu nity of cross-examining, and " no maa was sentenced to death who had not himself com- mitted murder or been accessory to murders." We do not here stop lo comment on this state- ment, which it seems quite impossible to re- concile with those of Mr. Lako, a reporter of the Colonial Standard, who remained at Morant Bay from October 13 to November 1, We give it only for what It is worth as coming irom a witness duly cautioned that any- thing which he choso to say might hereafter be used against him. Captain Astwoid added that no woman wus flogged at Leith hnll where Lieutenant Adcock was In command, in his own presence or to his knowledge, but that, on the contrary, Lieu- tenant Adcock emphatically protested agaiuBt any such proceeding. He negatived othei acts and expressions nfcribed to Lieutenant Adcock and Captain Ford, and, in particular, the reported execution of a man named Mitchell, on the sole ground that he "looked d-suBoicious." On the other hand, ho ad- mitted that he had witnessed running the gauntlet, of which ho gave a less hariowing veri-ion, and liad nut felt called upon to stop it ; ho also denied that be bud over seen Mr. Ramsay exceed his duty in " a very trying potition." Captain Astwood was followed by Oaptain Ford, extracts from whese let tor havo beon published in this country, no piemised that his orders were to flog in all minor cases, sending all graver offences to bo dealt with by court martial. Accordingly he did flog at the rnte of about fifteen a day, some of them women, for eight days, during which he remained, with Lieutenant Adcock, at Leith-hall, but maintained that ho "in- quired minutely into tho particulars of each case." Ho justified tho threat that he would ilog people unless they worked on the estates, on the ground that in that way they would best relieve themselves of suspicion, und took credit to himself for having won tho respect and gratitude of the people. He endeavoured to explain away the most damaging passages in the letter to his brother, which he said was never intended for publication, by stating that he had stiongly disapproved somo of the measures de- scribed in it, but had been afraid to criticise them, knowing that private letters wero opened at Morant Bay. Here we como to an issue of which the public may judge for them- selves. With Captain Ford's letter beforo us, and every wish to make duo allowance for excitement as well as for the motive he ai-sigus, we feel bound to reject his own con- struction of his own words. Whether a private letter can bo held to compromiso an officer under such circumstances is another question ; but that Captain Ford therein adopted the acts in which ho represents himself to have taken part we have no doubt whatever. His evidence in favour of General Nelson, Captain Hole, and Lieutenant Adcock, íb more valuable, and goes to prove that somo precautions, at least, were taken by these oliicerB against tho too summary execution of justice. We may add that if " Paul Bogle's valet," Anderson, is to be believed, Colonel HobbB maligned himself in asserting falsely that he tied him to his stirrup, and held a pistol to his head, "but the colonel did threaten to shoot him if ho did not tell the truth." Upon the whole, the inference we are com- pelled to draw irom the facts hitherto dis- closed, HUbject, of course, to correction when the result of the inquiry shall be made known, is that an abuso of power, beyond all excuse or palliation cither in nature or degiee, will probuhly be brought home to several British officers and a large number of British soldiers or sailors. It is a con- clusion from which our readers will boar us witness that we long shrank, and which to have accepted hastily would have been almost ab dishonourable as to shut our eyes to it now that it is forced upon us. It íb right we bhould recognise before all things in a great political emergency the paramount obligation of securing the public safety. Oidor comes beforo liberty, the rights of society before the rights of the individual. Had the volunteers drawn up before the Morant Bay Court House killed some hundreds of people instead oí only a few by a volley fired in self-defence, or had any number of rebels caught red-handed been hanged upon the noarcBt trees, we should not have iaquirud too closely into tho legality of such acts. We are piepaied to go yet fur- ther, and to contend that u Government 01 uny other constituted authority, is entitled to a strong presumption in its favour when engaged in quelling an outbreak commencing with a massacre. But presumption must yield to proof, and wo cannot but discurn through much exaggeration and many inven- tions, tho proof that a reign of terror did pre' vail after the necessity for it had ceased. A time comes in every such crisis when the " dogE of war," howovor properly " let slip," ought te bo sternly recalled, and after which tho highei law mubt be invoked in vain. Itseams to have bet n the chief fault of Governor Eyre that he failed to appreciate this, and, oppressed witt ile burden of his own anxieties, asked n< questions about the operation of martial law 'ihe most cruel wrongs aro often inflictec thicugh adivibion of responsibility betweei thobo who give ordeis without seeing then esr cuted, and those who oxecuto thom with out consulting their own consciences. It w11 bo for the commissioners in this instance ti upporlion the blame between these two, ant the-ir task is one that fow will envy. The; will carry with them, however, the sympath: and Buppoit of the nation, which, jealous a it rightly is of its military character, wil never suffer the sacred principles of justic and mercy lo be profaned with impunity ii its service. MISCELLANY. The eight-hour-a-day system of labour pro- mises to he universal in America. The Legis- lature of Ohio has adopted it by a vote of seventy to fourteen. We believe (says the "Table Talk" writer of the Guardian) it is no longer a secret that the title of the poem on which, as wo men- tioned some weekrj since, the poet laureate is at work, is " The Death of Lucretius." It is leported that the Duke of Buccleuch's mansion, in Whitehall-gardens (Montagu house) is likely to pass into the hands of an hotel company. The purchase-money is stated to bo £90,000. A Billiard Tournament has taken place at Memphis, U.S., between Roborts, tho Eng- lish, and Kavanagh, the American, cracks. English, American, and French games wero played, and all were won by Roberts. TnE celebrated traveller, Ruppel, has pro- ceeded again on a journey of diseovory iuto Abyssinia. The Senate of Frankfort has unanimously assigned bim 1.000Q. annually for seven years, as an encouragement. Wri:ck on the Irish Coast.-Cork, March 24.-The Alurin, of Liverpool, from Moul meln, which lay off our harbour for orders, bad to cut awoy masts in a terrino storm. Sho went ashore at Bally-cotton, and went to pieces laßt night. Fate of crew un- known. Since the conviction of Constance Kent for the murder of her brother, further misfor- tunes have fallen upon this unfortunate family. Mrs. Kent has been seized with a paralytic affection, by which she is deprived of speech, and is now bedridden. This ad- ditional calamity has quite overwhelmed Mr. Kent. Tue church at Chantilly for the use of the English connected with the racing stables there Is just completed. The cost has been £1,000, of which JE2C0 aro still due. It will accommodate nearly 200 persons, and is a handsome building, with stainod-glaBS win- dows. Death of the Landgrave of Hesse noMBOUHQ.-The Kolnische Zittung announces thedcathofthoLandgravoofHesse-Hombourg, at the age of eighty-threo. The deceased prince having left no hoirs, his territory re- verts to the Grand- Ducal House of Hcsro Darmstadt,. in accordance with a family arrangement, which waB concluded a fe ivy eura back. A writer in the Guardian mentions, in re- ference to the strange combinations of names which frequently occur in the London streets, nn instance which will interest literary men. Within a few doors of oach other, in High street, Camden Town, reside four tradesmen, named respectively Pope, Swift, Addison, and Boswell; and not far from them lives another who rejoices in the namo of Tom Paine. A lake, about two miles in circumferonco, from which borax is obtained in a pure con- dition aud in largo quantity, has been disco- vered in California, The borax hitherto in uso bas been procured by combintng boracic acid, procured from Tuscany, with soda. It is uEed in large quantities in tbis country, the potteries of Staffordshire alone consuming more than 1,100 tons annually. The Professorship of Greek and Latin In the Baker University, Kansas, U.S., is accept- ably filled by Miss Martha Baldwin, a gra- duate of the Berea (Ohio) University. She has occupied the cbalr for a year, and at the last commencement was selected by the faculty to deliver the annual nddiess, which duty she perfotmed very handsomely. She is but twenty-one years of age. Qalignani mentions that a bottle was fished up out of .the Seine, at Paris, a few days since. It was lying in contact with the side of a steamer engaged in conveying iroods between Paris and London, and contained a narrative, written in Englhib, ßigned J. Griffith, of Man- chester, of a shipwreck said to have taken place on the coast of Iceland. Tho bottle is supposed to have attached Itself to the packet during a passage across the Channel. On Friday morning a brig, laden with petroleum oil, took fire in the Carriers' Dock, and tbo llames spread from the main hold with such rapidity that it was found noces 8ary to scuttle the vessel. A fireman loll into the hold, but there was fortunately such a tlcpth of water that ho escaped injury. Liverpool Albion, March 20. A claim has been brought against the exe- cutors of Lord Palmerston for £6,000, and one of the Items appears to refer to the case in the Divorce Court into which it was n few years ago attempted to drag his lordship. Ap- plication has been mado, on tbe part of the executors, to Mr. Justice Willes, at chambers, to order better and fuller particulars of the ! claim to bo furnished, nnd his lordshin has made the order accordingly. A correspondent writes that Dr. Newman has been obliged, out of deference to superior authority, to suppress his second letter to Dr. Puscy on the subject of Papal Infallibility. It is said that Dr. Ni-wman stood out for no more than the infallibility of his Holiness at the head of an Gîcumonloal Council; but this restriction, it would seem, is too much for the present temper of the Roman Catholic hier- archy in England.-Guardian. In tho course of n discussion on the Army Estimates in tho Commons, it was brought out that u commissariat officer in the camp at the Curragh, being in want of a pair of bellows, made a requisition in duo form. On this a correspondence ensued, which extended over a mouth, but the bellows had not yet been biipplied. Thirteen officers were cm ployed in this business of the bellows, some of them writing several letters on tho sub- ject. Aiter sevoral months' searching, by night and day, John Morris, the famous head centre for Cailow, has been arrested at the house of his uncle, Nod Nolan, a farmer residing at Kilmaglanh, near Mishal. By the arrest of this outlaw the Fenian cause in this part of the country has got a very serious check, as there is reason to suppose that he was one of the most active agents engaged in tho trea- sonable conspiracy. £100 reward had been offered for his apprehension. The arrest was very cleverly eilected. Filouterie in Paris.-On Saturday one of the clubs expelled a creole who pretended to belong to one of the best families ot Guada loupe. This individual bad in six weeks | gained enormous sums, even to some hun- dreds of thoueands of francs. A young mer- chant, who bad loBt more than 80,000 francs, suiprised him in the uct of cheating known by tbe name of sauter la coupe. The delin- quent waB foiced to return the monoy ho had that day won, and was then expelled. BETRAYED ACAIN. Whon lovely Dizzy atoopi to Whalley, And linds loo Into that oaths betray, What charm can provo non jurist folly Alleglaneo how can Dizzy pay ? Tho only art defeat to cover, To mako minority look f ilr, To show tho Cburch how Torios love her, And wring her bosom, ia-to swear. -Tho Owl. The Cattle Plague Returns -The latest cattle plague returns show that of the coun- ties in England, Wales, and Scotland, twenty two counties rtmoiu free from the disease. In thirty-seven counties no cases have been re- ported aa occurring during the week. Sixteen counties and the metropolitan police district show an incroaso of 000 cases. Twenty-nine counties show adecroaso of 1,167 cases, show- ing a total decrease during the week ending MuTch 17,18(10, in Eugland, Wales, and Scot- land, of 267 cates, as compared with the week ending March 10,1800. Mr.Bright, a workingjeweller, of Leaming- ton, has just porfected ti novel application of electro-magnetism as a motive power for clockwork, which promises to bring modern timepieces to a state of absolute perfection. By the new arrangement the pendulum, the bob or ball of which consists of an electro- magnetic coil, is made to oscillate by means of a feeble cuneutof electtlcity, this bealing true seconds, with a train of throo wheels only. A number of clocks in different parts of a house, or even in different houses, can he connected togethor by a Bingle wire, and the whole number will indicate the same time to a second. A Confederate Contraotor Bankrupt. In the London Bankruptcy Uoutt, on Mon- day, in re G. N. Sandars, formerly consul for the United States in this country, described na foi rutrly of Kentucky, then of New York, and sinco of Grafton-street, Fitzroy-Equare, and several other places in Loudon, " contrac- tor with the Government of America for the building and running of iron-plated postal veBsels." The bankrupt attributed his failure to the non-fuililmout of his contracts. The debts are £10,323. The principal creditors in this country are Messrs. W. S. Lindsay and Co., the well-known shipowners of Austiu friar?. A Malicious " Ghost."-At a ball rocently given in Berlin, on the seventeenth birthday of the daughter of one of the noblest families, a mysterious figure-a monk masked-entered the saloon precisely at midnight, and dis- appeared after having .prcsentod the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining tho contents, an ebony coffin was found. In- laid with silver, containing a bridal wreath, an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written-" A groeting from the world of Dhndows." Though the mother became insensible, the young countess did not lose her presence of mind, but con- tinued dancing, and betrayed no emotion whatever. A Menagerie Cai'sizeo,-On Friday even- ing a gale from the south-east swept over Liverpool, and did considerable damage. Mauders's menagerie, which is at present in Liverpool, wns rather soveroly visited by the gale. The enormous canvas roof was com- pletely blown off, and with it four carriages, containing the newly-imported bonasseas, a lot of monkeys, and Beveral rare specimens of birds and beasts, wero upset. Fortunatoly no person, though the menagerie was crowded at the time, was hurt. Some valuablo ani- mals, however, have been injured. The zobno bull had his leg broken, and one of the ostriches was also severely injured. The waggon containing the monkeys, whilo lying nu ita Eide,waB damaged by fire. Mrs. Wanders, the wife of the proprietor, had a very narrow escape. Loss of a Steamer with all tub Pas- sengers and Eighteen of the Crew. Plymouth, Sunday.-The liner Spirit of the Ocean, Captain Cary, belonging to the Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick lino of steam and sailing packets, from London, on Mon- day last, for Halifax, was wrecked at twenty minutes to Boven p.m. on Friday, at a wild spot on the coast ot Devon. Out of twenty paBsengerB and a crew of twenty-two the only Burvlvors are the mate and three sea- men. The Spirit of the Ocean was drifting, with split enilB, trying to take shelter at Dartmouth. On passing Pear-troo Rock she becamo unmanageable, drifted upon a rock between Sturt Point and Poar-tree, and went to pieces almost immediately. A torriüc gale was blowing at tho time from the routhward. A case of cruelty to a workhouse girl was liied by Mr. Justice Byles, at tho Dorchester asslzef. A girl about twelve years of age, named Emily Fox, was sent out by the parish authoiities to act as servant In the family of Mr. Gnmb, a foreman, or overlooker in a factory. Tho poor girl was troatod with a degree of cruelty almost uuhoard-of; her foud seems to have consisted of nothing but cold potatoes and weak broth, and she was beaten continually with an ash stick. Aftor remaining nearly two years Bhe waB taken back to the workhouse, when the medical officer at first considered her so much reduced that thero was no chance of her living, but under careful treatment she has paitially re- covered, and was able to give evideuco in court. The case failed against her master, hut Mrs. Guinb wus found guilty, and was sentenced to a year's imprisonment. Your Love or Yorm Life.-The Court of Assizes of the Manohe, Franco, haB just tried a labourer named Belli?, aged 24, charged with having, at Ponjarian, on the 2nd January last, attempted to murdor a young dressmaker, named Maria Jouanne, by dis- charging a pistol at her. The evidence showed that tho piisoner, who íb of a very violent temper, fell in love with the girl nearly two years back, but had never mado any open déclaration of his passion. He had, however, offered her envoi ni small presents, all of which she had declined. The last refusal, which took place on New Year's Day, so irritated the prisoner that he resolved to avenge the slights pnt on him. On tbo 2nd January he purchased a pistol, loaded it, nnd, after passing the dey in wineshops, waylaid tho young woman as sho was returning from hor work. When she approached he accosted her, walked with her a Bhort distance, asked permission to kies her at palting, which was granted, and then fired a pistol at her, inflicting severe wounds with small shot in the neck, from the effects of which the poor girl has not yet re cover ed. Ho was soon afterwards arrested In court he exprpaeed great sorrow for what he had done, and pleaded passion as an ex- cuse The jury having found him ' Guilty," with extenuating circumstances, the Court sentenced him to hard labour for life A BTiUitGE incident in relation to the rinderpest is reported to havo occurred at Standon hall, in Staffordshire the residence of Mr Thos Woolie That gentleman has loBt by the rinderpest up to the present time thirty nine head of cattle, and some havo recovered Among the animals seized were a cow and her calf, the calf died, but the cow survived tho attack, and in a few days her milk returned. The dairymaid took somo of the milk which she had taken from the cow and showed it to Mr Woolfe, who, attracted by ita unusually rich appearance, put her finger into it and tasted it No sooner had ehe done bo than she expeiienced a violent burning Ecneation in her mouth, which caused her immediately to spit out tho re mainder Ibis, however, did not stop, or even allay, the burning, which extended rapidly and with lucreascd Intensity to the stomach and all over the body A serious illness, with symptoms such as are produced by irritant poisons, supervened, and recovery did not take place for several days A Self Accused Mukdeuer -On Tuesday morning a tough looking man, who gave the name of Charlefa Riley, was taken before the atipeiidiarj mngistinte for the Staffordshire Pulte!ne, and remanded, on a charge of having committed a murder in Ireland The prisoner has for a fow da} s been working as a labourer at the Norton Ironworks, near Burs leni, and on Monday evening he was taken into custody for riotous conduct at Small thorne a noighbouiiug village On bia way lo the station he told the offlcor who had him in chaTgo th it it was perhaps as well for him that h« was to be locked up, or he should bave done something serious Afterwards he said he had already commlttod one sorious offence having murdered Mr. BateBon, a gpntleman of Blaney Castle, Ireland. Super- intendent Stewart intimated to the Bench that private information had been received that the prisoner was " wanted" m Ireland upon a very serious charge The prisoner was supposed to be the son of a farmer In the county of Tipperary. Sentenced to Death-J W Leigh, twenty seven years otage, a 'remarkably keen, de term in ed looking mau, with an expressive taBt of countenance," was sentenced to death on Thursday, at Lewes He had killed his Bister in law, Harriet Harton, for calling him a pirate-a charge apparently correct-and shutting the door in his face 1 he defence set up was msanitj , aud it was shown that he had been an odd, violent man all his life who drank spirits to an enormouB excess, but Eeenied incapable of becoming drunk He was usually called ' Mad LjlgU" by his as- sociates , but the evidence gives oue the im pUEBion, not of a madman but of an unde veloped Glue mined by brandy. The jury found him ' Guilty . ' and when asked why sentence should not be passod, L'iigh replied, ' I have nothing to say, my Lord I cannot justify myself I am responsible for my nels He was sentenced to death without hope of mercy, the murder having been com muted the day after the provocation Jamuoa Notorieties - It 13 stated that Mr Gordon D ltamsay, prjvost marshal at Morant Bay, against whom such sorious charges are pending, was employed as clerk in a merchant's offico m Birmingham in tho year 1849 Pecuniary embarrassments com pelltd him to leave the town and he enlisted in the 17th Lancers, with which regiment he served in the Crimea He was m tho Bala- clava charge, and was wounded tu the leg He went with his regiment to India, and Bcrvtd m the Indian mutiny. He afterwards got bia diEcbaTge and returned to Binning ham, where ho remained for 1 uhort time, and thtn went to Jamaica, where his relations icBtltd Hi tliero got into the police forco In Birmingham he was remarkable for a superabundance of animal spirits, but those who knew him say that thero was nothing cruel in his disposition Lake the newspaper reporter was in ti» samo offico with RaniBiy in Bitmiugharn Hu is tbe i on of a Jamaica merchant-hence biB leavinrt England for that country. He has some coloured blood in his veins The Cambridge Classical Tmros -The Classical Tripos have beon published Mr Philip Vernon Smith is the Beuior classic Ho is a Tellow of Klnß s College, and an old Etonian , was CaruB University prizeman in 18o3, beBidcb having gained nearly all the available honours previous to his leaving Lton The second classic Mr William IranctB Smith, ot St Johns College, was 1 ducated by his father, the Rev Hugh Smith, Vicar of Brackley, and ho w is at Shrewsbury for two years previous to his entering the University under Dr Kennedy. He gained the Univeibity Bell Scholarship in his second term of residence, and is a Foundation Scholar and Somerbct Exhibitioner ot his college Mr Humphreys, of Trinity, the third classic, is Davies University Scholar A firBt clasB of Mxteeu men is considered large, and as St John's has five ot these, the Tobninn element in tho univerbity wasjustly elated The will of the Countess Dowager of Dan donald, rehct of the late Right lion Thomas Cochrane, Earl of Dundonald, GOB, an admiral in Her Majesty's navj, vi as proved in the London Court on the 9th February, by Sir Charles Locock, bart, M D physician to the Queen, the sole executor The will bears date June 30, 1802 The witnesses are A S Robinson commander, R N, and I. P Hamil- ton 1IBM, consul at Boulogne sur Mer, where her lad j ship died on tho 25th January, 18CÖ The will ia veiy brief, and in words to this effect -" Being desirous in compliance W) th the VMshes of my late husband, to dis charge, so far as lies in my power, u debt ot honour incurred many yearb since, and know- ing that ample provioion was made for all our children by their late fatbor, ldo hereby give, deviEe, anei bequeath unto Sir ChaB Looock, bart, all tho property, of whatsoever descup tion, of which I may die possessed, or may bo ( ntitled to, for bis own absolute use -Signed, Katherine Corbett, Countess Dowager of Dun donald " The Road Murdeh -The parents of Con- stance Kent have raised an action of damages in the Court of Session against tho Daily À'eview, a newspaper published m Sdmburgh, for a ' false and calumnious" article which appeared in that journal on tho 27th of July labt. The article complained of makes strong charges and insinuations against the pursuers Whilo the mother is described as the author end occoBion of the grossest cruelties to Con htnnco, the article foundod on contains the following remarks ob to the position of Mr. Ivent -" Neither in her case nor in Dr. Pritchard^, have all the facts been divulged , but the cbbo of the girl differs from Dr. Pntch aid'e, inasmuch as-with respect to her-the worst, at all events is known And on this point we aro compelled to differ from tho lead- ing journal ' It is difficult,' says the The Time, 'to doubt that Mr Kent must have bien aware of the guilt of his daughter, or bave had Btrong suspicions Yet it does not appear that at the time when public opinion bore hardest on him ho tried to divert the weight fiom himself by sutsge&tlng; thot the crime lay with his child' This is not quite accurate It ho did not beliovu ncr guilty it was a most diabolical thing to act that belief hlstriom cally so far as actually to apply to her trustee to ascertain if the property to whioh she was entitled through her mother could not be so secured as, in the event of her conviction, to prevent it from going by confiscation to tho Crown , and, if he did believe her guilty, the man who m such circumstances could occupy hie mind with a scheme for securing the ro verBlon of the poor girl's gooda must havo ' affected' the goods one would Bay, an im menpo deal moro than the girl " The damages aro laid at £6,000 Locked dp in a Bo\ -On Tuesday last two men and a boy cmplowed at the Ran dolph Hotel, Oxford, from fun and curiosity, we believe, got into a very carefully con structed tire proof plate chest Another ser vant, aleo in fun, little thinking what he was doing, closed the door. It fastened with a BiriLg lock, and the hoirlfkd victims found tbcumelves enclosed in an air tight box about three feet Bquaro by six feet high. It is difh cult to undcn-tnnd how three persona could have squeezed tbernselaes into such a place, fur there was only just standing room , but euch is tho fact Their cries soon alarmed the establishment, and at last tho koy was found , but, ob might be expected in the cou fublon, under the agoni/ed efforts of the frightened man who had shut the door, it broho in tho lock. Thoro was nothing for it but to break in, but the extraordinary strength of the door resisted every effort of sledge hammers wielded by powerful men working for the lives of thoir fellow-creatures 'I ho escape of the prisoners was only effected after having been immured for more than half an hour, by breaking through the wall with proper masons' tools The boy had fainted, and one of the men was bleeding at the nose mid mouth, and tho other had not jet begun to suffer visibly, though much dis- tressed. '1 he titles and estates of the late Earl of Hauington, worth £80,000 a year, and which beforo long will it ia said bo worth JEGO.OOO, bave gone to a cousin, who was lu possession of an income that would be considnrod nar low even fora London clerk:-"Upon this income," mys the correspondent of a contem- porary, " he has brought up in tho most ad- mirable way a family of thirteen children, and tho eldest son, now Viscount Petersham, and heir to the title, haB been educated as a civil engineer. The new carl is a mau of con- siderable ingonuity, and boatiug men will know him as a builder of many a handsome yacht. His lordship is the eldeot son of that Hon. and Rev. Fitzroy Stanhope who was Deau of Buryan, and died a few months ago. The dean was appointed to that proft-rment in 1816; and then wcntdowu to the Laud's End and road himself in, hut never went noar the place again, althongh for fifty years he drew moro thau £1,000 a yonr from It. In spite of this and othor pluralities which he held, he died in such poverty that no money was forthcoming to pay for the heavy dilapi- dations which had accumulated during his long tenure, nnd the new incumbont of the lash parish in England finds himself saddled wiih them. At tbe present time there are no fuwer than three Countesses of Harrington." Emily Ballard, a child of ten.of Ilkberrow, Warwickshire, played during service time with 6ome other children at Booie game with pennies. A child missed a penny, and Bal- lard, after counting her pennies, found she had onctoo much, and returned it. The vicar, who io also a magistrate, actually sent her to the lock-up ona charge of theft, and there she remained from Monday to Friday. When brought before the petty sessions, Mr. Gray, the real prosecutor, sat as a magis- trate, and, the locality being much excited, graciously said he had only imprisoned the child as a warning, and did not intend to go on with the caee. He added that she bad stolen a penknife before-a state- ment instantly denied. The child's friends, indignant at this treatment, lefused to accept her dibchargc, and the case was adjourned for further evidence, the little mite being this time admitted to bau. Imagine a magistrate honding a child to the lock-up for an offence ho slight that even ho, at onco prosecutor, judge, jury, and paBtor, did not oven intend to puiBuo it I It is odd, but it is true, that in a caso of this kind-that Is, of downright cruelty on the highest moral principles-the magistrate is suro to be in orders.-London Spectator, March 24 Jockeys andtheirEmployers.-ABquabble between the Marquis of Hastings and Grim thaw, the jockoy, has given the uninitiated un insight into thu duties and earnings ot the fro nil mon who ride for the great stakes of the English turf. Lord Hastings was Grimshaw's first master-i.e., when his lordship started a horse for a race Grimshaw was bound to ride ti, e animal, being at liberty; whon his first master did not want bim, to ride for anybody i else who would employ nnd pay him. For this servico Lord Hastings gave Grimshaw a retaining foo of £000 a year, paying him be- sides £5 for each raco won, and £3 for each race lost, and his travelling expenses. The jockey's income from these sourcos and from presonts made to him by backers of winners ridden by him is computed to have beon be- tween £2,000 and £3,000 a year. But a jockey'« life is laborious, dangerous, and often brief. In order to obtain eminence ia the profession, clear brains, strict honesty and sobriety, uud a stout heart, with a very lean and active habit of body, are required. Wo read last week of a lad being called upon to " waste" seven poundB in twenty-four hours, and doing it. The young animals which jockeys have to ride aro often vicious and difficult to inanngo, and tho temptations to which their honesty is exposed aie extremo. Lord Hast- ings dismiesed Grimshaw because he refused to rido a colt which he deemed unsafe.-Pall Mall Gazette. Murderous Assault.-On Saturday Dr. Lankester held an inquest at tho Duke of Cumberland, BryanBton-streot, Hyde-park, on Dr. John Spurgin, who died from the eflects of a murderous attack made upon him by a gang of thieves in High- Ftreet, BiBhops ¡¡ate, in September of last year. Mr. Walter Kpurgin, 17 Cumberland-street, Hyde-park, fon of deceased, said,-My father was tixty-nine years of age. Ho met with an injury in September last. I saw him at twelve o'clock on the night of the occurrence. He said he had been stopped and robbed in High street, Bishopsgate. I afterwards saw his arms and knees. His arms woro much bruised, and his knees wero grazed. He was attended a few days after by Dr. Owen Ree3, but he did not keep bis bed. Ho waB never able to uso his arm again. I complained to tbe police. A man was apprehended for causing tho injuries and stouling the gold watch and chain. Two or three days after, my father went to tho station ; but could not swear to the man. Neither watch nor chain was over found. My father gradually got worso after the robbery. Dr. Owen Rees atteuded him at the time of his doith, and gave a certificate that it was caused hy " injuries from thioveB." Dr. Owen Rees Bald,-I attended Dr. Spurgin fiom the time he received his injuries to his death. I am of opinion that his doath resulted norn those injuries. Ho gradually i ank from the shock to his system. Verdict, "Manslaughter against some person or por eoub unknown." A Famous Longstop.- AddreBBing an early closing meeting the othor day, the Bishop of Sorter and Mon told the following anecdote : \- " I was onco in a parish in a rural district, where a confiimation was about to be hold. 1 happened to be connected with the clergy- man of the parish, and I waa present at the confirmation. Everything went off well in the church. The bishop was pleased, and complimented the clergy and the young People, und everything was what it 6hould be. But the bishop himself, being a man of si clnl spit it, with much worldly experience and knowledge of human feelings, after coming out of church wanted to know what the lads were going to do to spend the afteinoon. Somo of thom, it was replied, would probably epsnd it in the cricket field. ' I am delighted to hear it,' ho said. Luncheon was over, and tho boys went out to play. Out caine the bishop shortly atter, and joining them at the wickets, he said. ' I'll make tho best longstop among you, fi/r I've got nn apron.' That impression never passed away from the minds of those boys. They felt that tbey had amongst them a man, speaking on the highest und holiest subjects leading them up to all that confirmation was intended to load them up to-but still remembering that thoir bodies required healthful recreation. Therefore he went out, and for the rest of the afternoon tho bishop played cricket with tho hoya on whoso bends ho had solemnly placed his hands iu confir- mation. From that time that bishop was never named in that parish without some profitable thoughts arising in the minds of the j oung people." GnEAT Robhery.-Official information has been received at the head-quarters of the City Police, from the police authorities in Now York, of an extraordinary robbery in that city on the 10th March, and the enormous re- ward of lOO.OOOdol. has been offered for such information as shall lead to the conviction of the thieves and tho recovery of the stolon proporty, or a sum in proportion to the amount recovered. The proporty consists of United States Government Bonds, to the number of 105 in all, nnd moBtly of lurgo do- j nominations, viz.,-5,000dol. and lO.OOOdo). each ; together with a large number of securi- ties on railroads in the United States, amount- ing in all to about l,600,000dol. Many of the Government bonds bear interest at the rato of six per cent. It ia believed that some of tbo stolen securities will bo offered for negotiation in this countrj', and the police au- thorities are taking every precaution to put people hero on their guard. A large bill has been posted about the city, with that view giving in much detail the numbers, denomi- nations, and amounts of the stolen bonds and secntities, with other information, and n referen co for moro information, if wanted, to the Unitod States consul, at 1 Danstor court, Mincing-lano;or to Inspector Hamil- ton, City Police Detective Department, 20 Old Jewry. The reward offerod In English money is £15,000, though the sum which the police authorities in Now York actually di- rected to be offered was the larger one of lOO.OOOdol. Down to Saturday no account of, the circumstances connectod with the rob- bt ry had reached this country, hut the mall following that by which the communication to the police authorities was convoyed will probably bring one.-The Times. DEATn of Queen Mabie Amélie, ex Queen of the French.-We regret to an- nounce the death of tho ox-Queon of the French, Marlo Amélie, who expired^ at a quarter-past eleven on Saturday morning, at Claremont, near Eehcr, where Her Majesty had resided during the greater part of her long exile. The illustrious lady waa bom 20ih April, 1782, consequently was within a few weeks of completing her eighty-fourth year. H*r Majesty was the daughter of Fer- dinand IV., King of the Two Sicilies, and mauled, November 26, 1809, Louis Philippe, Duo d'Orléans, aftorwaids King of tho French, hy whom Her Majesty had a family of live sons and two daughters, namely, Ferdinand, Ducd'Orleans,whodicdinJuly.l8i2;thoDuc deNt monrs, born in October, 1814 ; François, Prince de Joinvlllo, born in August, 1818; and Anthony, Due de Montpelier; Due d'Aumale, born January, 1822 ; Louisa, the lato Queen of tho B»lglans: and Princess Clomontinn, bom in June, 1817, and married, in 1813, Piince Saxe Coburg Gotha. Her Majesty hhnred all the anxieties of 1S30 vvhich pre- ceded her husband's elevation to tbo throne, on tbo deposition of his kinsman, Charles X. Tho Queen came to England on the abdica- tion of her husband in 1818. During her re- sidence at Claremont the virtuous and pious Queen bud endeuied herself to the inhabit- ants by numerous acts of charity. On Friday the members of the Royal family and her Mojetty's attendants juiiculved manifest symptotLB of weakiit-bfl. Her Majesty passed a somewhat restless night, but became drowsy iu the morning, and soon resigned her soul to God, unround» d by her children and giandchildren.-Linrpool Albion, March 20. Buknt at Sea.-Plymouth, Satin day .-Yes- terday evening, Mr. Matthew Galbou, chief officer of tho Maggie Atkinson, and four of tbo crew of that vessel, which was burnt ¡n the Atlantic, were landed bete from the barque Gustavo Adolphe, with cassia und toa from Whampoa, uinch hos proceeded up channel for Bambili«:. Tl.e Muggie Atkinson left Tutlcorin November 16, with n cargo of cotton for London. Ou the 13th February, at half-pubt two a.m., lat. 2G°N., Ion. 39° 15' W., htnoku was observed issuing from thu after cabin, and although every effort wag uiboo to euppreBs the fire it gained on tie crew. At ten am. the misen boom lell on the quarter, the foot of the mizen mast caught ure, and thu flames blazed furiouhly. Tile crow got Into the long-boat aud pinnace, but the latter being leaky tboy were obliged to abandon her. They kept close to the wreck as long as Bho waa burning, in hopes that the flames might attract somo parsing ship. At sundown they examined their stock of provisions, which consisted only ot four pumpkins, alive pig weighing thirty pounds, and twenty gallons of water. They had no chronometer, compass, or chart. February 14, rigg, d a emull sail, and stood to the east- ward ; at noon served one half a pumpkin with a cul of water to each man ; caught a little rain. 15th, at noon, the estimated course and distance from the Cape Verde Islands was S li. 190 miles ; four p.m., killed the pig, and served a small quantity of blood to each man. 10th, served one half a pumpkin and the remainder of the pig's blood, with a gill of vtator to each mau ; scurvy of a mild character made its appearance ; at noon tho cou ree and distance was S.E. 100 milos. 17tb, at four p.m., u Bail being reported on the lee bow standing to tho northward, all banda were put on the oais and the boat kept close to the wind. At half-past five tho étranger shortened Bail and bore down. She proved to be the Manfred, from Hong Kong, with tea, for London. Captain Scott took all on board, and treated the btarving men very judiciously. Ou the 28th, Captain Scott went on board tho Gustavo Adolphe, and, on representing his condition, Captain Bolstein received tbochiof officer and four of the crow, aupplied thom with clothing, and shared with them all the comforts he possessed. 