THE POOR-LAW BOGY. It is nrot in childhood alone that we are frightened by old bogies. With the casting away of (( hildish things" we do not always rid ourselves of childish fears and follies. Oui esoape from the nursery; and the terors of its mythical Old Scroggins, is only to encounter through the seven ages of existence a succession of bogies to terrify our nerves and work upon our fears. These disturbing influences are frequently very ridiculous when we can summon up courage' to look them boldly in the face. They are then usually found to be as harmless as was the snow-covered' guide-post which the terrified country lout took for a ghost with o.utspread arms ready to. embrace him if he ventured within their reach. It is therefore well when these bogies do start up in our midst for those who have their wits about them to bring into close contact with the object of their terror such as they have succeeded in holding in thrall.. We have'ourselves, been the unwitting cause of recently evoking one of these mental scarecrows, and we therefore feel it a duty to attempt to ' lay the ghost" which las caused such a hubbub amongst a number of staid gentlemen-whom we had no intention of frightening, and certainly whom we did not think it so easy to alarmn-hy gently leading them up to. face the object of their aversion, when we think they will agree that "'tis distance leads 4lt4raleltsf to the view." Tihe head and front of our offence is this. In a paragraph in our issue of the 3rd instant we, in urging the claims of the Prahran and South Yarra Benevolent Society. on. the iublic, stated that, if such societies, were not better supported a poor-law wouldi hHave to be enacted. Not the niyste::ious handwriting on the wall at Belslizz:ar's feast- not the unwelcome appearances of Banquo's ghost to the guilty Macbeth---not the. horrifying d'reams which disturbed the repose of the " crookbacled" Ricdhard, could have ".struck more terror" into the souls of those guilty monarchs than did our few and simple words into the minds of some of the gentlemen who addressed last Thursday evening the annual meeting of the society referred to, If they were not unniimpus as to how a poor-leaiv was to. be avoided, they were at least one in declaring their aversion. to it. "I'do not"like thee, Dr. Fell, The reason why I cmannot tell; 4 it this one thing I know fidl well, I do not like tliee, Dr. Foll." Let us examine this poor-lw " bogy," and see. if it be the horrible thing these gentlemeo make it out to be. In doing so, tli?ro are some important points of the argu nent which may be assumed as proved-such as the fact that " the poor. will never cease out of the lannd,' and the duty of- the community to provide for them. We and. our opponents being agreed so fai, our divergence commences at the point as to Ihowu the com munity is to fulfil this duty. Shall it be by the voluntary contributions.of the charitable or by the forced niethod. of a-rate ? We .advocate the latter mode-more from neces sity, though, than fiom choice. Could the voluntar-y prinoiple be delpended on to meet the exigencies of the case, we shouhl prefer it;' but it mnat be painfully evident to all who have considered- the subject that it is be coming yearly less equal, to, the task of re licoing our increasing pauperism. And it is faulty in this respect, also-that it devolves on a few what is the duty of all. So long as there is no " compulsion" it will invariably be found that- the non-contributors foirm by far the larger portion of a commnunity; and, consequently, those wlho are liberally inclined halve an unlhir share of the burden cast upon them. A reference to the annual report of the society under consideration will illustrate this. Its income from personal contributions was only £123 Gs. Gd. This was derived fiom 133 subscribers out of a population of over ten thousand souls. Is this proof "that, as there was a goold Cltristian fee!ing and good Gospel ministers 'in the place, they did not yet require such a ratet?" Surely. the rev. gentleman who msade this observation must hlave an inilusnoe organ of fithi if he considers such a result sia tisljfctory. We sre not going to enter upon the invidious task of pointing out how ucnsopicuous by t!eir. absence from the contributors' list are the names of the larger number of our well-to-do inhabitants-of those who now shirk that duty which, under a poor- law, thecy would not be able to do;. W'o refer our readers to the report, antil leave them to do that for them selves. We may be told, hloweve'r, that many whoso names do not appear as contributors give rlwhant they can afford at thie annual col lectionumade at tihe varioils places of uworshlip. This argument is of course good for some thing, but not much, 'Thllere are in the dis trict ten or tvwelve churches and chlapels, largo andi small, and yet during the past year only four appear in the.report as having made col lections for the society, thie united amount of whicil was £8 17s.. If Tw a.dd tuo other' items-although wej do not consider them strictly entitled to hhe place-the sums re ceived (U42 in the whole) from concerts, &c.;, we get the magnificent amount of £200 and sontc few odd s!illings as the voluntary offei"ings of the borouglh, 0ontaining over ten thousand ifihabitants, for the support of its poor for a.twelvemontl. .' What a splendid in stance of '( Christian" liberality and of the sufficiency of the voluntary systen ! Surely we shoild htide our iaead for very shame at such a miserable fail re, We have a strong conviction that if the objections entertained against the enactment of a poor- law for Vicaoria were traced to. their source, they would ble found to. emanate from a mistaken feeling of sentiment. The English Poor-law is at once the glory and the shame of the cou try-its glory, in- that it is a national recognition of the duty of the state to support its Ipoor; its shame, in that it has generally perf?rmed the said duty in a manner unnecessarily harsh and repdllant. The workhouse has been made less comfort able than the gaol, and the guilty prisoner has fifred better than the honest pauper. And thus it hqs coue to pass tlat the pirieiple of astate provision foar poverty is looked upon with distrust,whereas aver sion should only hIave been felt for the imperfect manner in which it has been carried out. In establishing a system of relief for the poor lby the state in this colony we would have these errors, so far as human foresight could do it, carefully guarded against. We would not, on the one hand, have the law made unnecessarily. op pressive op those wlhoi, circumstances com pelled to seek its assistance, neither, on the other, would we have itso lax in its adminis-. tration that it should hold out an inducement to persons to.nvail tlhemselves of it in prefer ence to seeking to live. by their labour. There is one great advantage which a state system of poor relief hals over voluntary oganis:ations fbr the same purllose-it can investigate claims lnad, upon it with much greater fieidlo?l. No one can doubt that much im position is practised upon benevolent societies, which, under a legalised system of relief, would be discovered antd punished, The uai worthy frequently obtain, by their "organised hypocrisy," what the really deserving should have, but ars either too prondlors too diffident to ask for, Another objection made, ag'ainsts poor re lief is that it tenls ,to lower th?. self- respect of the recipient.. W? do not think it ought to have this effect, anl if rightly administered it would not. We contend that the poor have the right to.live-and there is no loss ofself-respect in assa'rting a right. The mem bers of a benefit society suffer no loss of dig iity when, in the time of sickness, they come upon the finds to v hick in healths they s:ere subscribers;. and the man whom poverty hlas overtaken should nuat feel himself degraded in taking that relief towards which in his more prosperous days he, as a tax'payer, contributed his quota. But space fiils u.. Thoesubject is, however, one of so much interest that much more might ho said upon. it. --Wea shall -be gratified if what we have written induce somie cham pion to enter tha lists on the other side. Our columns will be freely. open to any such. 