THE MATRICULATION TOURNAMENT- ( Continued,.) GEOGRAPHY. rofessor SERVING. q. i. Where are the United States of America?—Nowhere at Which is tlie favourite river in the world and general stream f of poetic inspiration?—The Darling. 8\. Where are the Cinque Ports '{—Half the porta brought to Australia are only fit for the sink. 4\. In what important particular does Russia differ from Australia?—The native hears in this country have no fat, and in Russia, they are overburdened with pomatum. LAW. Mr. BOBSON. Q. 1. In what manner might an infant be disabled from binding himself to the possession of a horse sold to him?—By the horse flinging him clean out of the saddle. 2\. Define a common indenture ?—The nick of time. 3\. Define the legal term "contributory negligence," by stating a leading case ?—The case of Mr. Verdon neglecting to contribute anything more to charity out of the five hundred pounds that he annexed. 4\. A borrows a shilling of B, and covenants with C to go for some beer. C drinks all the beer and disperses himself. What is the best remedy for A and B ?—Send for more leer. 5\. Illustrate the distinction between assault and battery ?—To tell a man to consider his nose pulled is an assault; to pull it for him, in the event of his not properly considering the subject, would be battery 6\. State a familiar case of interference with the jus in personam Hitting a fellow on the nose, and tapping Ms claret. 7\. What do you understand by the term livery of seisin ?—The external clothing of a policeman. 8\. Who first held the great seal ?—A sea-faring man, who showed it for sixpence in Bourke-strect, and used to tickle him with a boat-hook till he laughed audibly. 9\. Translate freely the phrase pwtrim potestas of the Justinian pandects.—Country potatoes. 10\. State a case in which a declaration on oath is not considered legally binding.—If the form of solemn imprecation should be " dash my wig," and the swearing individual should wear his own hair, the oath would not be binding. 11\. By the Eoman law code, if a popular tribune was accused by a newspaper of being seen tight in the public forum, what was his remedy ?—He might commence an action, and appraise his sufferings at ten thousand sestertioB, and gain the sympathy of a generous public After this he might heap confusion on the head of his libeller by not pressing for the money. LANGUAGE AND LOGIC. (Professor SERVING.) Q. 1. Define the inelegancies and improprieties, if any, in the following:—He ups with his fist and takes and fetches him a clip on the smeller.—The inelegance would depend on the manner in which the plaintiff shaped, and the impropriety on the general circumstances. TT.,,. 2\. Point out the solecism in the succeeding sentence:—Hitting at the cove which I didn't ought to had did, wern't not by no means howsomdever precious far out.—Language should be adapted to the intellectual condition of the person to whom it is addressed, and it is not stated whether the said person is a Judge of the Supreme Court or a mere Member of Parliament. 3\. "JEM stood drinks both times." Point out the inaccuracy in this case.—JEM was a flat. 4>. What s o u n d s as barbarous in the expression, "Take surnmu short ?"—To the barbarous car of the common barber the injunction sounds like " Take it close off at the top. 5\. Translate the following passage from CHAUCER into C-rreek Iambics:— " Ye little lambs as idlie croppes The vernal greenes and turnyppe toppes, Say if through thys leafy shayde Has my Sacharynda strayde ? Saye, ye lyttle lambkins, 6aye, Have you seen her go this waye ? Tell me is my true love lost, Or I shall e give up y? ghoste ?" Did so, and the result looked thoroughly Greek to the entire circle of my intelligent friends. 6\. Translate into simple English, "lis 6nt tous dm®."—They make a great to-do. , 7\. Place in idiomatic French, " Oh! here you are, bother you! — Je suis ravi de vous voir. ,. , „ 8\. Is it right to say, "Them kind of people," "Those land of people,'' or "Thafckindof people —Them kind, besause the observation refers to them. 9\. " The river is froze." How would you alter that construction ?—Can't say; no river has exhibited such hardened feelings in Victoria. 10\. State an illustration of what is meant in logical science by a " bifurcated proposition F'—lTircafemng to sticfc a man with a carving 11\. How would you get over the fallacy in the following syllogism:—"Artful dodgerg reside in Glasgow; JAMES M'CULLOOH is an artful dodger; therefore, J". M'C. resides in (Glasgow f—Tha -best plan would be to subscribe the requisite amowni, and send JEMMY home. 12\. A and B meet for purposes of logical discussion, and have a serious difference on the premises. In what manner should they proceed?—If the owner of the premises had no objection, A and B might take their coats off and fight it out. POLITICAL ECONOMY. Professor CHURN. Q. 1. What analogous institution can the M'CULLOOH Cabinet be compared fco ?—The cabinet of the DAVENPORT Brothers, so successful as a popular delusion. 2\. When the price of sheep's trotters exceeds twopence a foot in an industrious community, what statistical conclusion may be therefrom arrived at ?—That mutton can be obtained for sixpence a yard. 3\. What is the condition of the middle classes in Central Europe?—But middling. 4\. If a carpenter charges a shilling for putting a button on a gate, and a tailor will put three buttons on for sixpence, what is the result to society ?—The tailor is obviously the most valuable citizen, unless he wastes his time in fixing buttons where they are not wanted—for instance, on Mr. HENRY MILLER'S trouser pockets, NATURAL SCIENCE. Professor PULLEHOY. Q. 1. Name the most objectionable reptiles which infest the vicinity of Melbourne.—Phasroah's serpents. 2\. Name the most remarkable order of fish yet heard of in this colony.—An alderman ordering a red herring for dinner. 3\. How would you readily discover a shilling to be a bad one ?— By getting drunk with it. 4\. Describe the Flora of Mount Vesuvius.—Flowers of sulphur. 5\. Name the most valuable plant introduced into Victoria.— Railway plant. 6\. Is the common monkey a native of this colony ?—Doubtful— . although a monkey- jacket was discovered in the bush by an early settler. PALEONTOLOGY AND OTHER OLOGIES. (Professor PULLAHOY.) Q. l. Enumerate the bones in a common pair of stays, and state their places scientifically,—Not being a married man, the sources of information on these points are obviously inaccessible. 2\. In what geological formation would you expect to meet with the bones of an Ethiopian musician ?—In a public-house. 3\. Is the common sponge an animal, and what, if BO, does it feed on ?—The common sponge is a decided animal, and feeds notoriously on sponge-calce. . The sufferer or defendant (as it may please Mr. PUNCH to call him), in the foregoing catechismal action, feels BO aggrieved at his non-success at the University examination, that he is driven for solace to conceal 'his name for the present under the assumed appellation of JOHN JONES. 