RIVERINE INTELLIGENCE. THB LAW A FICTION.—What is the meaning of " hard labor?" and what is the use of sentencing men to hard labor .for. transgressing the law i Will the Exeoutire of New South Wales answer the questions ? We »ee prisoners riin down, and prosecuted at an enormous expense, in Aese'districts; we see and hear the Judges solemnly aehtence prisoners to bard labor for six months, or one, two, or three years, and prisoners are-returned to prison to get fat and lazy—eat, drink, and sleep. The only hard labor to which they are exposed is the labor of paaaing away the time, and, in many instances, to form plots and plan, new. robberies, to be executed as soon aa they leave the-comfortable, quartera of the Gaol. Here we have in Dtfniliquin Gaol sometimes fifteen or twenty men,'in iull bo«bly health, sentenced to hard labbr, and to chop a little firewood is the extent of their 'bard labor, w.hile they are fed and housed much better .'than tbe hard working 1 laboring men residing in the town, who, in these, timea of dear food and scarcity of work, have as •nuchas theycan-do-to keep the wolf from the door.-The Hon. the Colonial Secretary visited us la&y;, and he saw how justiee was humbugged .by sentencing men to penalties which they never undergo. It is, in fact, a premium to crime, and while men can find comfortable quartera in Her Majesty's Gaol at Deniliquin, we may rest assured that tenants will be found in abundance among tbe loafers who. infest these districts. /Why not call a'meeting and petition the Government for the labor of the prisoners on our thoroughfares, which are a disgrace to the town. ' The Police Magistrate has been in communication with the authorities respecting the slate of the streets in wet weather, and the amount of idle time that is consumed in the Gaol here doing " hard labor" sentences. If a warder can be spared the prisoners will be employed on tbe streets. Those of the inhabitants who can afford to do so, shonld subscribe to pay-for an extra warder rather than tbe streets should be allowed to become a slough of despond after every shower. A.reply is,, however, dfiilv. expected to an application -for £350 voted by the Assembly for'repairing . ouf high way's, and if this should be secured we may rub along until we have a municipality. TEMPORARY BESEBTOS BHVOKKD.—Connty of Harden, pariah of Cunjegong, at Cunjegone Springs, liachlan Distnct, containing; about 400 acres; that portion or reserve No. 26 -from sale until' surveyed, Sc., notified on the 24th Depember, 1861. BBSEEVE TOB VILLAGE OP CUNJEOONO.—County of Harden, parish ofCunjegong, on Cunjogong Creek, cortaining about 160 acres 3 roods; about 332 acres are also reserved for auburban lands. : TENDERS FOR BUNS ACCEPTBD.—Warrego District— E. J. Bloxham, North Darling Back Bun", No., 21; do., do., No. 22; do., do,, No. 24; Messrs. Loader and Capp, Mundabah. . LUCERNE FOR FREB SELECTORS.—We are anxious to see the efForts4>f this class of small settlers have fair play, and we shall, at we have hitherto done, from time totime, lay before them such hints as we think necessary for their guidance. We do cot say that it ia impossible to succeed on land taken up under free selection on Biverina, but we are surprised at any persons who know anything of fKrming, and tbe soil required for aucceasful operations thereon, thinking of farming in these parts where the land and climate^ are against them/ We feel assured, from past experience, that it will not' pay to cultivate wheat here. Tbe following description in regard to luoerne may be of service to some of our'small settlers,- It is taken from a late uumber of tbe Queemlander" Luoerne requires a deep rich soil; it must not be heavy nor miut.it he wet, A loose .permeable subsoil like the alluvial flats on the banka of creeks, or the scrub landaonihe,river banks suits it jidrpirably. But we question very much whether it would be found profitable on tbe ordinary forest lands, of however good quality they may seem upon t^e surface; a clay bottom appearing unsuitable for it.' On the aoils mentioned, lucerne, when onoe established, will continue yielding crops for a number of years, provided it is liberally supplied, with manure, for which attention it is one of the most grateful plants we know* Indeed tbe enormous quantity of crop taken off would impress the belief that it is a very exhaustive one, and that the richest land must-before 1 long cease to yield the return's at fipt secured, unless the necessary nutrifttenfis ruf-nisfied toJbe soil. The land should be prepared as for ordinary crops, by ploughing and harrowing fine.- Care should 6e taken to .have thoroughly freed from weeds, and specially couch grass. On this jioconnt we'"would recommend it being sown on new farms,' soon after stumping, aa the horses nsed in ploughing apt to carry the seeds of the couch grass and deposit it wjth their dung; so that after •several ploughing* it will be diffioult to get the ground entirely free." QUEENSLAND.-—We have received a copy of a pamphlet on " The Present Crisis " there, and on the suggestions for- the' establishment of a National Bank—being a reprint of articles from the Brisbane Courier. BENBWALS OP LEASES.—We remind all. interested in such matters, that leases of runs for 1867 must be renewed during the present month. ~ THB MORPETH LEADER.—This journal has ceased to issue; the present proprietor states it to be the result of debts incurred by his late partner, but hopes to resume the publication at an early date. - We hear that was one of the causes of the failure of the paper. , BRBAXXNQ TO THB CHINBSB GARDEN.—The people of Deniliquin have a serious bill of. indiotment to prefer against,tbe party who holds the freehold of John -Chinaman's. garden here. It appears that John had/taken some land on lease from Ur. James Willoughby, and after the Chinamen had operated on the ground fbrttane length of time, and bad given the townspeople a taste of splendid Tegetablet win ter and «umiHer, ltr. Willoughby sold the ground to^lr. John Taylor, who no sooner became' possessed ofit thanhetried to raise John Chinaman's rent from £15 to £40—the original agreement between the Celestials and Willoughby having, byjsome means'duappeareid from tbia lowsr worid of ours. : John said, " No aavee," and wonld not have it. So he set to work to make himself .master of the situation, and having rented the ground -from the new landlord for three months, the Celestials, broadly grinning, commenced to despoil the garden «f everything in the shape of .vegetables; in the mean time they had secured another piece of graun<!»:but it-will take twelve months ere it is in good'working order, : and we shall be dependent upon other and poorer aoureea for our vegetable* for seme 'time. *We.must cohfeaa onr regret at John being so deposed ; the townspeople will suffer in - the summer months; 'especially- as it will be useless to expect any white man to labor fo constantly /and effectifely as the Celestials in the work of gardening. In the room of the Chinese, many, of whom have lately left BenUiquin for the Victorian diggings, we shall have to rely upon the enlightened " whites," arid we are sorry to Say that of late we have bad more than our fair share of the roughs among our own countrymen; who will not work or beg, but who are not. above appropriating other people's goods to their convenience. OVB LOTFAT BAJIZS.—TWA «beerre that the Joint Stock Bank closes at twelve onUSatirrday, and not on Friday,! while, the N.- 8. Wales Bank doea the reverse, and ia open till three o'cloek on Saturday. The objeet. of the Hanager of the former Bank in eloang at noon en Saturday is to «Ba^le those employed therein to go tothe ooantry onSstnraay'and rtttirn 'on Monday in time for business. It would seem that this could be easily aec6mpli(hed; aBd, if avit ia diffleult to aee why the lfanageraoannot worktogethsr.and eloae <« Saturday«t twelve .e'clook. ^Tbareare but few attraoifaaa in ijeniliqnin; it is « pleMaat drive to aome of the neighboring sUtions; : 'attd ' the; sqttatMn : vre' honiitable and kind. Soiree reereati<m tmi' aa we have hinted at would,- we ihtsU ftiokj be very aeeeptaMe to tiuwe vhMiMgu ment is, day after day, mi^~ttkonol6hoiu j|na MdraUrv. xtwaamk teiSwdWfiSaFgMimieWiwlse ublic from keeping opea^ue Banks after noon on 8atur- and it wonld appear vi«ry «aey to agree upon aoting Say, in concert in the way we have described. •"Mi Sibdnn?'^-Welilt^ -m -HtbiHied^m -Turnerjmd GiUa«o|>y«rfttl»wtrit*i>r review. '' . " BBTSKT WAKD.'—We have reMired to: the purpose of Ming jreriewed. It is of the sasaa style as the brorter^ JbtepHM.^rd/' andto thowjriio are fend of meter ^aj^uatot Mmoi' the Iwokms^.^roj-e, ao-i ^Johnston, the , . fliquln,is about ^indmiUenan^mproved plan, and the us of the badc-blockmen of Jhe windmill Is to be self-aetinr. and Mll^notTMdlre^l'e efeendxnce of a man, which will be a saving ef £100 per adnQm. It will do away with the necessity for* horse too, which is generally used in raising water for sheep purposes. This power of the windnull willi when pro^erlyeamed out, represent a saving, of something ,lik? £150 for each well. The first cost ? of. tbemacbinerj^willjwjJiear, be&OorflO.;: j 5 ./' CKtotBT.—We do not perceive my move made by onr' cricketers .during this, the finest part of the season.. We. hear that se^eral of the -best men of the Club have left, Sgtfarrfajo, fc^BHaKt's.—A referenee of considerable importance .will come off at Hay t on the. 14th October. The claimants are' Hesssn. Kaye and Butchart, the rereiefltatitei ol Honhardt,' squatter,*late of the Upper S[urray, and Messrs. D. and 8. O'Sullivan. the well known squatters. The attorney tor tte .letter is Mr. Thoma»Bobertsdn,'of Deniliqmd, and the former "represented by Messrs. Multlebury, of Melbourne. The business refers to some disputed land Situated • w Uabba station, en the Laehlan. Mr. <*. S. Lsngis likely to be sole arbitrator, and the award will have to made tar tbe flat October, but power to enlarge the time to 3lst December exists, if it be found necessary. THB MIRRBOMBRDGBB.—This river has been slowly falling all the week, the total subsidence being within two inohes pf five feet. Last night the gsuge marked seven feet'nine inches above the summer level. DAROHT V. TYSON.—In a late issue we stated that the Attorne y and Solicitor-General bad been retained for plaintiff in this squatting action; it has sinee transpired that the latter gentleman, Mr. Isaacs, has a general retainer on behalf of Mr. Tyson, and that Mr. Martin has also been retained jby Mr. Tyson'a attorney, Mr. Bobertson, of Deniliquin." CONVEYANCE OP THB'MATM.—The 2nd October is the last day for receiving; tendefs by the Government, for theee-contracts* . ^'.. :•> • .NEW MAGISTRATES. .— William Faed, . Bntherwa, Urana; .James Hoolin-Graves, Teremia Station, .Mulwala, if urray Bivir—E«q«iires. . Chscmhtbd,—'The gallant Captain Le Suis who so kindly took charge^f Deniliquin, as a watebmah, for fourteen days, ^abdicated hat ifunetibns in effraejjuence of tbe want of appreciation.of. his merits on thie part of the' householders. He was reduced to I5s. per week, and as b e asserts that he aaw a hage ghost ohe night,lie resigned his ofBee, contending thai tfis. per week waa not sufficient te fight the spiriteof the ethersworidj and the ruffians in this. He then ofTercd'h'is servioe^to the Deniliquin Police, and. was nominated to thehonorable office of. an in-; former; so he shouldered-his'swag, and was off to pickup the unwary. His first stage was to the 12 mile hut, on the Wariganella road, where he_ represented hia sorrows, . and got some gin, and at another place near thereto some brandy". After having done the amiable' of complimenting the mother, Bnd having kissed the child he managed .to secure sglass ofjs'm in,a soda water bottle, the spirit to be.used, as he «aid,*.on the road. He then left, as he represented, fcr Wanganella, and after having gone some short dutanfca.he turnedinto the bush, and made towards Deniliquin, ^n&Bt.-was; returning congratulating himself on his having Secured evidence enough for a sly grogoonyiction. Soon after he left the man of the house came in and also a 'traveller, w.bo informed the flatter that he had . met lie Suis on the road to Deniliquin, so the affair was " blown." Saddling his mare he soon overtook Le Suis, and secured the bottle containing the gin. Le Suis aaya by met armcs, but the other says he merely asked for a drop of the.nobbler, whtch Le Suis gave willingly. Tbe case of sly grog selling was dismissed, and the 'defendant was bound over to appear at the Court of Quarter Sessions. For the present, however, Tell's countryman is checkmated. : MOLONG.—Egorts aie being made to.get the Telegraph line extended to this town. - TOOWOOKBA.—The - Darling - Downs Gazette says :— " In business there has been very little doing the week, except in the produce market, which has been very brisk;' The demand for maize has quite exhausted the stocks, and at present there is very little in town. Potatoes have sold readily during the week for seed purposes at 16s. to 17s. per ewt. Flour has been in request at rather an advance upon last quotations.' The light rains during the' week'nave caused the grass to springup quickly, and all stock will now rapidly improve in condition. We -may antiopatehay to be lower in the market in oonsequence of the favorable season for agriculture generally, and the great breadth of land sown in the district this year. Fat cattle are inquired after in small lots, and se'.l readily at current rates. WOOL FROM THE V w m k - W . beg to caU the i attention of parties immediately interested to the : paragraph in our Vfentworth correspondent's letter, respecting the disgraceful condition of the wool lying at Wehtworth, caused by the neglect of the shipowners. DENILIQUIN NATIONAL SCHOOL Mr. Harris, the School Inspector, mot the local Patrons at Roberts' Hotel, on Thursday evening,. Mr. John. Waring in the chair. Present-Measil 6. A. Jeffery, Filion, T. Robertson (solicitor), W. Mf'Kenzie, D. G. Jones, Allan M 'Kenzie, Watson, Mayger, andNoyes. The ; meeting was chiefly for the purpose of reviewing the proceedings connected with the school with the view . of improving its management, if any were required, - and thus making it as efficient as possible,. On the whole it was made apparent that the establishment was in a satisfactory condition ; the teachers are at- tentive to their duties, and the Patrons determined to extend the usefulness of the School by admitting all chil4ren who could not pay the full scale of chargea, or indeed any part thereof, but before ac- | cepting scholars under either of these systems, the parents or guardians would, have to make it evident to the Patrons that they were not in a position to ; pay for the children's education. This ia a veryo liberal step on the part of the committee, and we hope that the liberality will hot be abused. The, children have been put through their facings by the Inspector, and we hear that, on the whole, they do credit to their teacher?.. The Patrons ;are Pppowtf. of the School unless driven thereto by stern necesstty; and the School-house will be repaired and, if necessary, en- i larged, with other improvemehts pot ^et finally determined on DUNILIQCTIN POLICE REPORT. —In order to give as much space as we can to local matter the' polic® accounts we put in oitr fourth page. ' ! ' _ CONDITIONAL PTNTOHABE.—Thomas Maine, 320 acres,, on-the west side of the Deniliquin and Moama road. CHUBCH OF. .JJFFLSMHP.-^RTHE : Rev. Mr. Harpur will conduct Divine service at Deniliquin:, to-' morrpw (Sunday). , DENILIQUIN HOSPITAL.—Remaining last week, 15; admitted^S; discharged^!; died^O; ramaining, 17., . Ma.. G.."S. LAVQ:— ThiB gentleman'has declined to 8tandfor : the borough, of Richmond, in Victoria, we should think on the ground that his hands are full enough already. Mr. Lang has 896,000 acres of back country in Southern Riyenna to stock, and prepare for stock, and the man Vho has this "to perform, atld would-do it well, mt^et not let the grata grow nnder his feet in Victoria.' THE. WAKDEBER INN.—This public honse, waa offered for sale by J<ti\ Wrri f M'Kenzie, in thie Hotel, on Wednesday last;' The attendsuice of bidders, was meagrfei, and the pro'perty standing on Seres' of ground was bought in.by Mr. Filson for £1200. IN the palmy days of this,pirivate hostelry, £50Q0 Would hardly have-bonght it, but the.number of^ ®ne inns lately built, improved, and opened - in • North and South. Deniliquin, detract from public-house prop-, erty; although, in the hands of a good landlord witfai means to develop it, the old house is still good, property. Once the Railway is opewH to the town, honse property will become- greatly increased in value. QoEEN8LANn.^-The ^recall ofSirGeo. Bo wen, has been wked <or of the Home Government, -and -SUM signatures hive been appended to the Petition. C9- leas. tha. names compriaeathe majority of,large property" holders in the, colony, it will ndt, we thTrik, hi.ve much effect on the Hmne Government, especially after"the latef«»lbf .Sir Charles Darling. THE WKATHKR.- Variable and showery.- The countrylooses very.flne. .. DENILIQUIN SEHCH O* MAGIBTRATBS.—We.regret that want of apaee prevents us from going into this affair, relating^o-rthe incidents oonnected with the la^-oase of •€lan<y<y. -Taylor, We ; have authority, for stating niat it was' Mr. T- B- Came, J. P. who informed MK Taylor of . the letter addressed to Dr. Wren, JiP M Jby Mr. FhOlipe, ,JJP. Further, Mr. Taylor asserts that the pieces of paper which he picked up, near the-Gpurt-bopse, were, not tbe pieces of the letter referred to, and fnrther that the Police Magistrate is the, party: who told Mr. Cane that Dr. Wre^had received the said letter.' We shall be compelled to refer to' the unpleasant subject next week. In the meantime we ,pab]^sh/thefoUowing :— DUB SIB,—I ooraeqnence oi the eUnsloQ to Dr, Wren'S letter. In the'^fastorat Times,* 1 of last Saturday, f qiiestkmed Mr. Tsylor, and be assured yte that he did not pick up the fragments of Dr. Wren's letter from Mr. Phillips, bat only foand eonw pleees of paper outside the t^>art- boase having printing and writing on them. AJS I nnderstand you ft QUnterewea person, 10 oe noa to lnfonn me wwlm they constituted any portion of -the'' letter in ^Mstion? t W. VI KBler. Esq^Bolidtor, DenitlqalB. Deniliquin, Stth-Septenibe^lKC. Dux Sea,—I bare to aidmowiedxe tbe reeeipt, of yoars of tbe Wtfa inst, lavinr.,rB(eremto-Dr.-Wren'sl^er, in^Nt SntafW-fkfalep^ltr: IMtr s^h^ettetsd beeaton np by Dr. Wren. In nplv. oniay arrival at the Court-house on fee morning ot to jUlt,^ »wMr. Tay- : a^rai^^e^a-rh^m^tLeBtonie ItMntwn ntm tatt M naa no ri^nt to pesssss nlmasirnfitne., pleccs^and adriaed Um to ^tarow.tben away, a»d casually 1 took seme ot the pleees WW hbband, raod tken aaw that ' ? jiB. GILES, P if i ? 