ROMA. (From ovroien CVmniiirf.nl.) I We had, last week, only the phosl of a iniil, instead of a foiir-horce coach jingling into town on the Monday afternoon, u packborse made its appearance on the Wed nesday evening, with a swag that. :i man could slow away in » lioll- toppor lial. Something of this sort lu- bet-» expected here for some tiini hack, for the state of the coacli Horses wijuM ensure prompt intervention in a i country where Martin's Act is in force. And what j diaiii.'C l;a ve lioine.», eon- poor, of lettering their condi i lion - A geutlemin «ho passed through here a few j nnys since, und who hue been travelling for a number of , years iu the live colocies which at present compose this ; continent, ttld me that never, in tlie whole course of his ! wanderings, had he seen anything so f&arftiHy; barren of vegetation us the country between this and Dalby, and , oi the lialloone things have assumed ;m iiwful aspect. I All hands at 'J'alavera nave been (lis.-liuigi-il, rcive and except the shepherds, who are now travelling their flocks for feed. Home residents of Hoina who have gone down the aforesaid liver on a shearing tour, have ecut back Uicir horses, stating (hat not only is their no grass, hut that the wat€rlioleu are poisoned from the numerous car casses of cattle and horses lying in them. What has become of all the ' hlowers' about Queensland nnd its climate, who deluded the unwary and ignorant, nnd disgusted the experienced, a short twelve, months since ! And we talk about Ilarnum, when Queens land has given to the world a Jordan. I rather think that Phineas has considerably the worst of it. Nobody in their senses cuu ever depend out here on a crop of vegetables, any more than in the North of Scot laud do they reckon upon outdoor grapes, figs, and rock -melons, fiut even in that inhospitable clinic, al though the peaches may but half ripen on the wall, they arc favoured with crops of strawberries, raspberries, currants, nnd gooseberries that astonish an Englishman, to say nothing of cherries, plums, apricots, pears, and as fine apples as the world can produce. Dut in a bad sea son, what have we here to depend on ? Chilian flour, lea from China, and sugar from home or the Mauritius. Tlie meat is all we can liud, and that no particular chop. ' Oh, but,' says a reader, ' what a pastoral country it is !' My friend, come with me, and I will show yon cattle so impoverished ns to be unable to crawl halfa mile to the nearest waterhole ; sheep travelling in all directions, poarlriny in fact, for a bare sustenance; and horses so dog-poor that you stare at them in nstonish incft, and wonder what they would fetch at the knacker's at home. Jlut Jones, who has successfully grown half a-dozen carrots in a well manured plot under 1mb bed room window ; and Smith, who has a pretty good show of lettuces during two months in the year (at the end of which practical existence they go 'fiqua«h') rave about the agricultural capabili ties of their neighbourhood, and 'go in' heavy at the grasping squatters, forgetting that every blade of wheat they could raise, would require a man or a boy to tend it, and a visit from a water-cart at least three times a week. Just on the coast, or on the ranges, some thing may be done, but whenever a man talks of avail able land for farming purposes in the interior, write him down as mad, and that hopelessly. Of course, when I utterly scout the idea of farming out here, or far from the coast, I mean farming as an occupation. t do not allude to small patches of cultivation around a man's dwelling house ; they pay, as a matter of course, and ilonia is going ahead most creditably in her gardens and the patches aforesaid. But. as for making even bread and butter by farming alone, why ask some of the oldest settlers even on the Hunter River, and note their conforting reply. And the supply of mois ture conies at last. Whew! look cut for your pigs, poultry, household goods, even your habitation itself. Away go flocks of sheep, bound for the Lower Darling, where fragments of their remains may, in a month or two, be left high and dry, witb a dray from the Conda tuine, a spring-cart from Roma, a cask of rum from Donnybrook, and a pen of what were once pigs from Surat ; to say nothing of bales of rotten wool filched from every point in the compass. Oh 1 Jordan ! Jordan ! On what tree do you expect to find a perch when you ' bop the twig' of this world ? lint drought or not, the Romans keep on building, and on both sides of the creek. A land sale is an nounced for the 1st of next month, and I am rather carious as to bow prices may rule. I think that the days of frantic bidding are gone by, and look to little more than the upset price being offered. The first Pound sale came off on tlie 16th, when eight horses (some of them foals) fetched £26 3a. Another sale u announced for the 20th November, and on that occasion some good looking animals will be knocked down. The Circuit Court opens on the 2nd, and if rumours are to be credited, about one-half of the population of the Ballonne may he looked for in Roma, no less than twenty-seven witnesses being subpoenaed* in one case. Much amusement has been afforded liy a farce enacted on tlie Balkwe, in which an unfortunate engineer was accused of poisoning an overseer. There was no founda tion for the charge, and in the opinion of many the ill used one has ? good action for conspiracy. I cannot emit longer to notice an in institution which does credit alike to Rom» and to the gentleman who presides over it. I mesa the fioma Grammar School, conducted by Mr. Ogjr, a teacher of great experience at home. Doling the Bav. Mr. Grimm's visit to Roma, be held a sort of M-otfieio eiami nation, and expressed himself highly satisfied wits the progress made by the pupils, winding tip with a warn esconinmon the system of minigBDKBt. Mr. Ogg his about forty papili, and m now removing to a most commodious schoolroom, where be will be abb: to accommodate ninety pupils. There is bow no excuse for parents in Boma, who have been hitherto allowing th'ar children to vegetate after the manner of cabbages and beans. Roma, October J 8th. 