TEMPERANCE.-We call attention to -Mr Merson's final lecture, which will be in the Oddfellows' and Foresters'Hall on: Thursday evening, and trust the weather will be pro pitious and that there will be a full house. HAILSTORM.-Mount Gambier was. visited by a severe hailstorm on Monday night be tween 11 and 12. It lasted between five and ten minutes. Many of the hail were as large as marbles, One very brilliant flash of light ning and a tremendous peal of thunder accom panied the storm. THE LOCAL COURT.-It appears the Local Court, Mount Gambier, has not been pro claimed under the Local Courts Act. "Messrs. Burton and Sutherland-have telegraphed to the Attorney-General io have it at once pro claimed. OPENING THE BAT ROAD.-We have re ceived complaints relative to the opening of the MacDonnell Bay road. We are informed that Mr Baillie's contract has been completed and was passed by the Engineer a! out eight days ago. It is therefore asked, why is it not thrown open to the public, seeing that the sides of therOad have got so bad with the re rent falls of rain ? We hope the opening will not be any longer delayed. LICENSING COURT.-The quarterly Licens ing Court will be held on the 11th June. THE MOUNT GAMBIER ROAD BOARD. This Board will meet at Penola to-morrow. Tenders for the road contracts and applica-' tions for the Secretaryship will therefore have to be despatched from here with to-morrow's mail. THE WEATHER.-Since our last rain has fallen in great abundance. On Monday after noon we had an especially heavy rainfall. LECTURE.-We hoTje there will be a large attendance at the Rev. Canon Russell's lec ture to-night. The subject is the Pickwick Papers, We are aware that a good many were deterred from attending the rev. gentle man's lecture on " Ghosts" last week because of the subject. They will have no excuse this time, as there is nothing of the terrible or horrifying in the adventures of Mr Pickwick and party. [Since writing the foregoing we have been requested to state that the lecture is postponed.] THE COMMISSIONERS GOING HOME.-The doings and sayings of the Hon. the Commia sioner of Public Works and of the Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands while in this district, have been pretty fully recorded in our columns. The following morccaux, how ever, supplied by the Commissioner of Public Works to the Register on his return to town will be interesting, and will fill up what may be regarded as a break in our narrative: " The route followed in returning was by way of Penola, Narracoorte, and Border Town, to Salt Creek ; the principal object of the party being to examine the capabilities of the country, although in some parts they took observations which will be useful in relation to future drainage works. They were very much impressed throughout with the richness and importance of the district, and were thoroughly convinced of the wisdom of doing all that could be done to develop it. In all directions were to be seen traces of Yicoorian enterprise. In fact, the trade seemed to tend entirely towards the neighbouring colony ; and consequently, it appeared to them particularly desirable that the communication between Mount Gambier and the metropolis should be rendered as good and rapid as - possible. We are assured that the Government intend push ing on the works authorized by Parliament with vigour, and that in case of necessity they will not scruple to anticipate votes, with a view of carrying into effect a policy with the expediency of which they have become com pletely imbued." 