? - ?? .. .. ? ..-.— ... -. - . - . _ . [ BLACK SHEEP. (PROM AiL THE YEAR HOUND.) ' ? CHAPTER VII. — AMONG THE BEECHES. A fine avenue of beech-trees led from the gate tlirough which George Dallas had passed, to ' the house which had attracted his admiration. These grandest and most beautiful of trees were not, . however, the distinguishing feature of the place : not its chief pride. ' The Sycamores ' was so called in honor of a profusion of trees of that kind, said in the neighborhood to have no rivals in all in Sir Thomas Boldero's noble park was beautiful in the- highest degree, and of such beauty George Dallas was keenly and artistically appreciative. The tender loveliness of the spring was abroad through out the land ; its voices, its gladness, its perfumes, were around him everywhere, and as the vounerman strolled on under the shadow of the great branches, bearing their tender burden of bright, soft, green, half-unclosed buds, the weight and blackness '. of care seemed . to be lifted off him, and his heart opened to fresh, pure, simple aspirations, long strangers to Ins jaded but not wholly vitiated character. He was very young, and the blessed influence of youth told upon him, its power of re ceiving impressions, its faculty of enjoyment, its suspectibility to external things — :a blessing or a curse as it is used — its buoyancy, its hopefulness. As .George. Dallas .turned from the the broad, smooth carriage-way, and went wandering over the green elastic turf of the carefully kept park, winding . in and out through the boles of the ? grand old trees, treading now on a tender twig, again on a wild flower, now startling from her nest a brooding lark, anon stopping to listen to to. a burst of melody from some songster free from domestic cores, he was hardly recognisable as the man who had sat listen ing to Philip Beano's hard worldly, talk' at tho Strand tavern the day before! -. -.?..,-.; ' Brighter and softer ' . his mother had said he was looking, and it was time. Brighter and softer still the hard, pleasure-wearied, ? joyless face became as the- minutes stole over. L him, among the sycamores and beeches. He had pursued his desultory path a mile or more, and had lost sight of the house, and the avenue, when he came to a beautiful open glade,. carpeted with turf of tho softest green, .and overarched by forest trees. Looking down its long vista, he saw that it terminated with a brilliant flower-garden, and a portion of a noble stone terrace, lying beneath one side of the many turreted house. . He stood ? en tranced by the beauty of tho scene, and, after a few moments, felt in his pocket for pencil and paper, in order to sketch it. He found both, and looking round him, saw a piece of the trunk of a felled tree, not yet removed by the care of the forester. '-..'; 'A capital place to sketch from,' thought George, as he folded his coat, and laid it upon the convenient block, and immediately became absorbed in his occupation. He was proceeding rapidly with his sketch, and feeling rather disposed to, get it, finished as quicJsly as he could, m order that he might return to the inn and procure some food, of winch he stood in considerable need, when lie caught the sound of galloping upon the turf in the distance behind him. He raised his head and listened; there it was,-, tho dull, rapid thud of hoofs upon the grass. Was there one rider or were there more ? He listened again —only one, he thought ; and now the rapid noise ceased, and was succeeded bytho slow, pattering sound of a horse ridden daintily and gently about and about, guided by a capricious fancy. Still George listened, and presently there came riding put of the shadowy distance into the full expanse of the glade, down which the declining sun sent golden rays, as if in salutation, a lady, who was, as his first glance showed him, young and beautiful. ? She was quite unconscious of his presence, for the piece of timber on which he had been sitting was out of the' line' of sight, and though he had risen, he was still standing beside it. She camo towards hiin, her slight form swaying to the movements, of her bright bay thorough-bred, as she put the animal .through all sorts of fanciful paces, now cheokirig him with the rein, now encouraging him with her clear sweet young voice, and patting his arched neck' with ker white gloved hand. The young man looked out from his hiding-place, em-aptured, as she came on, a vision of youth, beauty, and refinement, down the wide greo'n glado, the sun shining on her, the birds singing, the flowers blooming for her, the proud Wnll of the old house rising grandly in the back ground, as if iii boast of the worthy shelter that awaited her. Nearer and nearor she came, and now George. Dallas could see her face distinctly, and hear tho pretty words with which she coaxed her horse. It was a faco to remember ; a face to be the happier for having seen ; a face whose beauty was blended of form and color, of soul, feature, and ex pression ; a face which had all that the earth has to give of its' best and fairest, touched with the glory which i3 higher and better, which earth has not to bestow. It was the face of a girl of nineteen, whose clear eyes were of golden brown, whose cheeks bloomed with the purest, most varying flowor-liko color, whose rich golden' hair shone in the sunlight, as its braids, rippled and' turned about with the movement of her head, tossed childishly to tho rlvythmioal measure of her horse's tread. Half a dozen trees only intervened between her and the spot where George Dallas stood, greedily watching her every movement and glance, when she took her hat off, and pushed the heavy golden hair off her broad white forehead. At that moment, her horse jerked tho rein she held loosely, and pulled hor slightly forward, the hat falling from her;, 'hand on the grass. '''' ''' ' Now see what you have done,' she said, with a gay laugh, as the animal stood still and looked foolish. ' I declare I'll make you pick it up with your mouth. There, sir, turn, I tell you ; coino, you know how.' And she put the horse through all the pretty tricks of stooping and half 'kneeling, in which sho evidently felt much more pleasure than he did. But she did not succeed ; ho obeyed touch, and word readily ; but ho did. not pick up the hat'. At last she desisted, and said with a f lihiiy look' of mock patience : ' ' ... ... --y ' Very well, Sir Lancelot, if you won't, you won't, so I must get off.' She hud just gathorod her' skirt in her hand, and was about to spring from her saddle, when George Dallas stopped out from among with a bow. .. .: Tho young lady looked nt him in astonishment, but she thanked him with self-possession which he was far from sharing, and put hor hat on, while Sir Lancelot pawed impatiently. '? ' Thank you,' she said ; ?' I did not see any ona near.' ' : ? '; ???' '? 'I was Bitting yondor,' said George /Dallas; pointing to the spot whence he hud emerged, ' on i some fallen timber, and was just taking the liberty I of sketching the view of the house, when you rode ? up.' She colored, looked pleased aiul interested, and ' said hesitatingly, having bidden Sir Lancelot ' stand ;' '?You are an artist, sir ?' 'No,' he. answered, 'at least, only in a very small way ; but this is such a beautiful place, I was ' tempted to make a little sketch. But I fear I am intruding; perhaps strangers are not admitted.' ' Oh yes they are,' she 'replied, hurriedly. 'We : have not many straegers in. - this neigh bourhood ; but they are all welcome to come into ? the park if they like. Had you finished your sketch?' she asked, timidly, with a look towards the sheet of paper, which had fallen when Dallas rose, and ? had been fluttered into sight by the gentle wind. ?: George saw the look, and caught eagerly at any pretext for prolonging the interview a few moments. ; ' May I venture to show you my poor attempt ?' he asked, and without awaiting her' answer, he stepped quickly back to the place he had left. The girl walked her horse gently forward, and as he stooped for the paper, she was beside him, and lifting his head, he caught for a moment the full placid gaze of her limpid eyes. He reddened under the look, full of gentleness and interest as it was, and a pang shot through his heart, with the swift thought that once he might have met such a woman as this on equal terms, and might have striven witk the highest and proudest for her favor. That was all over now ; but at least he, even he, might sun himself in the brief light of her presence. She laid the rein on Sir Lancelot's neck, and took the . little drawing from his hand with a timid expression of thanks. 'lam no judge,' she said, when she had looked at it, and he had looked at her, his whole soul in his eyes ; 'but I think it is nicely. done. Would you not like to finish it ? Or perhaps there are some other points of view you would like to take? I am sure my uncle, Sir Thorns Bolder©, ' would be ; delighted to give you every facility. He is very '? fond of art, and — and takes a great interest in artists.' , . ? . . ...' You are very kind,' said Dallas. 'I shall be at Aniherst a day or two longer, and I will take the liberty of making a few sketches— that splendid group of sycamores, for instance.' ' '' ??? ' Ah, yes,' she said, laughing, ' I call them the godfathers and godmothers of the park. They would make a pretty picture. I tried to draw them once, myself, but ~yo u cannot imagine what a mess I made of it.' . ' Indeed,' said Dallas, with n smile, ' and why am I to be supposed unable to imagine a failure ?' 'Because you are .an artist,' she said, with charming archness and simplicity, ' and, of course do everything well.' This simple exhibition of faith in artists amused Dallas, to whom this girl was a sort of revelation ®f the possibilities of beauty, innocence, and naivete. ' Of course,' he replied, gravely; 'neverthe- less I fear I shall not do justice to the sycamores.' And now came an inevitable pause, and he ex pected she would dismiss him and ride away, but she did not. It was not that she had any of the awk ward want of manner which makes it difficult to. terminate a chance interview, for she was perfectly graceful and self- possessed, and her manner was as far removed form clumsiness as from boldness. The girl was thinking, during the pause whose termina tion Dallas dreaded. After a little, she said : ' ' There is a very fine picture gallery at the Syca mores, and I am sure it would give my u-ucle great pleasure to show it to you. Whenever any gentle men from London are staying at Amherst, or passing through, Mr Page at the inu tells them about the picture-gallery, and they come to see it, if they care about such things ; perhaps it was he who told you?' ' No,' said Dallas, 'I am not iudebtd for the pleasure— for the happiness — of this day to Mr Page. No one guided me here, but I happened to pass the gate, and a very civil old gentleman, who was doing some gardening at the lodge, asked mo in.' His looks said more than his words dared to express, of the feelings with which his chance visit had in spired him. But the girl did not see his looks ; she was idly playing Avith Sir Lancelot's mane, and thinking. 'Well,' she said, at last, settling herself in the saddle, in a way unmistakably preliminary to depar ture, ' if you would like to see the picture-gallery, and will walk round that way, through those trees, to the front of the house ' — she pointed out the direction with the handle of her riding- whip — ' I will go on beforo, and tell my undo he is about to * have a visitor to iuspect his treasures.' ' You are 'very kind,' said Dallas, earnestly, ' and you offer me a very groat pleasure. But Sir Thomas Boldero may bo engagod — may think it an intrusion.' . ' And a thousand otker English reasons for not accepting at once a civility frankiy offered,' said the girl, with a delightful laugh. . ' I assure you, I could not gratify my uucle nioro than by picking up a stray connoisseur ; or my aunt than by bringing to her a gentleman of sufficient taste to admire her trees and flowers.' ' And her neice, Miss Carruthers ,u thought George Dallas. ' 'So pray go round to the house. Don't forget your coat. I see it upon the gronnd — there. It has got rubbed against the damp bark, and there's a great patch of green upou it.' ' That's of no consequence,' said George, gaily ; ' it's only an Amherst coat, and no beauty.' ' You must not make little of Amherst,' said the girl, with mock gravity, as George stood nibbing the green stain off his coat with his handkerchief ; . ' we'regard the town here as a kind of metropolis,, and have profound faith in the shops and all to bo purchased therein. Did] dear old Evans make that coat ?.' ' A venerable person of that name sold it me,' returned George, who had now thrown the coat over his arm, aud stood, hat in hand, beside her horse. . ' Tho deal1 ! I should not mind letting him make me a habit,' she said. ' Good-bye, for the present — that way,' again sho pointed with her whip, and then cantered easily off, leaving George in a state of mind which he would have found it very difficult to define, so conflicting were his thoughts and emotions. Ho looked after her, until tho last flutter of her skirt was lost in the distance, and then ho struck into the path which sho had in dicated, and pursued it, musing. ' And that is Clare Carruthers ! I thought I had seen that head bofore, that graceful neck, that crown of goldon hair. Ye3, it is sho ; and little sho thinks whom she . is about to bring into hor uncle's house — the outcast and exile from Ppynings ! I will see it out : why should I not ? I owe no thing to Carruthers that I should avoid this fair, sweet girl, because he chooses to banish me from her presence. What a presence it is 1 What am I that I should come into it?' He paused a moment and a bitter tide of remembrance and self-reproach ? rushed aver him, almost overwhelming him. Then he went on more quickly, and with a flushed cheek and heated brow, for anger was again rising within him. ' You are very clever as well as very obsti nate, my worthy step father, but you are not omni potent yet. Your darling niece, the beauty, the heiress, the great lady, the treasure of price to be kept from the sight of me, from the very knowledge of anything so vile and lost, has met me, in the light of day, not by any device of. mine, and has spoken to. mo, not in strained forced courtesy, but of her own free will. What would you think of that, I wonder, if you knew it ! And my mother? If the girl should ask my name, and should tell my mother of her, chance meeting with a wandering artist, one Paul Ward, what will my mother think ? — my dear conscientious mother, who has done for me what wounds her conscience so severely, and who will feel as if it were wounded afresh by this accidental meeting with which she has nothing in the world to do.' He lifted his hat, and fanned his face with it. His eyes were gloam ing, his. color had risen ; he looked strong, daring, active, and handsome — a man whom an innocent girl all unlearned in life and in the world's ways, might well exalt in her guileless fancy into a hero, and be pardoned her mistake by older, sadder, and wiser heads. -. ^_ ' How beautiful she is, how frank, how graceful, how unspeakably innocent and refined ! She spoke to me with such an utter absence of conventional pretence, without a notion that she might possibly be wrong in speaking to a stranger, who had offered her a civility in her uncle's park. She told that man on the balcony that night that Sir Thomas Bol dero was her uncle. I did not remember it when the old man mentioned the name. How long, has she been here, % wonder ? Is she as much here as at Poynings? How surprised she would be if she knew that I know who she is ; that I have heard her voice before to-day ; that in the pocket-book she held in her hand a few minntes ago, there lies a withered flower, which she once touched and wore. Good God ! What would a girl like that think of me, if. she knew that I stole like a thief to the win dow of my mother's house, andlooked in shivering like a poverty-stricken wretch, come there to ask for alms, while she herself glittered among my mother's company, like the star of beauty and youth she is ? How could she but despise me if she knew it ! But she never will know it, or me, most likely. I shall try to get away and work out all this, far away in a country where no memories of sin, and shame, and sorrow will rise up around me like ghosts. I am glad to have seen and spoken to Clare Carruthers ; it must do me good to remember that such a wo man really exists, and is. no poet's or romancer's dream. I am glad to think of her as my mother's friend, companion, daughter almost. My mother, who never had a daugter, and has, God help her, no son but me ! But I shall never see her again, most likely. When I reach the house, I shall find a pompous servant, no doubt, charged with Sir Thomas's compliments, and orders to show me round a gallery of spurious Dutch pictures, copies of Raphael and Carlo Dolce, and a lot of languishing Lelys aud gluttony-suggesting Knellers.' With these disparaging words in his thoughts, George Dallas readied the border of the park, and found himself in front of the lio'use. The facade was even more imposing and beautiful than he had been led to expect by the distant view of it, and the wide arched doorway 'gave admittance to an ex tensive quadrangle beyond. A stone terrace stretched away at either side of the entrance as at Poynings. Standing on the lower step, a tame peacock displayed his gaudy plumage by her side,-, ho saw Miss ' Carruthers. She came forward to meet him with a heightened color and an embarrassed manner, and said : ' I am very sorry, indeed, but Sir T-homas and my aunt are not at- home. They had ho intention of leaving home when I went out for my ride, but they have becH gone for some time.'.' '/'She' looked towards a servant who stood near, arid added 'I am so sorry'; ' nothing would , have given my uncle more pleasure ; but if you would allow me' I will send ? -' ? - ? . , ;, .: ...... George interrupted her, but with perfect polite^ neSS. ? ? - r . ?? !?.?.'?' .; ?;?;..:? i .-.? ?-.'? ' Thank you very much, but, if you will allow me I will take my leave, and hope to profit by Sir ? Thomas Boldero's kindness on a future occasion.' He bowed deeply, and avos turning away, when, seeing that she looked really distressed, he hesi tated. ;:' ?..;' 'I will show you the pictures myself, if you will come with me,' she said, in a tone so frank, so kindly and engaging,1 that the sternest critic of manners in existence, supposing that critic to have been any other than an old maid, could not have condemned the spontaneous courtesy as forwardnesns. '.' I am an indifferent substitute for my . uncle, as a cicerone, but I think I know the names of all the artists, and where all the pictures came from. Stephen,' -she spoke now to the servant, 'lam going to take this gen tleman through the picture-gallery — go on before us, if you please.' So George Dallas and Clare Camithers ' entered the house together, and lingered over the old car vings in the hnll, ovor their inspection of the spor ting pictures which adorned it and the dining-room, ' over the family portraits in the vestibule, the old china vases, and the rococo furniture; Every sub ject had an interest for them, and they did. not think of asking themselves in what that interest originated and consisted. The girl did not know the young man's name, but his voice was full of the charm of sweet music for herj and in his face her fancy read strange and beautiful things. He was an artist, she knew already, which in sober language meant that she had seen a very tolerable sketch which he had made. He was a poet, she felt quite convinced ; for did lie not quote Tennyson, and ?Keats, and Coleridge, and even Herrick and Her bert, as they wandered among the really fine and valuable paintings which formed Sir Thomas Bol doro's collection, so aptly and with such deep feeling and appreciation as could spring only from a poetic soul ? It was the old story, which has never beon truly told, which shall never cease in the tolling. Both wore young, and one was beautiful ; and though the presont is an ago which mocks at Iovo at first sight, and indeed regards love at all, undor any circum stances, with only decent toleration, not by any means amounting to favor, it actually witnesses it sometimes. The young man and the girl — the idle, dissolute, perverted young man— the beautiful, pure, innocent, proud, pious young girl — tolked together that spring- afternoou, as the hours wore on to even ing, of art, of literature, of music, of travel, of the countless things over which their fancy rambled, 'and which had wondrous charms for her bright in tellect and her secluded life, simple and ignorant in the midst of its luxury aud- refinement. All that was best and noblest in George's mind came out at the gentle bidding of the voice that sounded for him with a new, undreamed-of music ; aud the hard, cold, wicked world in which he lived, in which hitherto,- with rare intervals. of better impulses, he had taken delight, fell away from him, and was for gotten. The; girl's grace and beauty, refinement and gentleness, were not more conspicuous than her bright intelligence and taste, cultivated, not indeed by travel or society, but by oxtensive and varied reading. Such was the influence which minute after minute was gaining upon George. And for her ? Her fancy was busily at work too. She loved art;, it filled her with wonder and reverence. Here was an artist, a young and handsome artist, of unex ceptionable manners. She adored poetry, regarding it as a divine gift ; and here was a poet — yes, a poet ; fer she had made Dallas confess that he very often wrote ' verses :' but that was Ms modesty : she knew lie wrote poetry — beautiful poetry ? Would he ever let her see any of it ? ' Yes, certainly,' he had answered; ' when I am famous, and there is a brisk competition for me among the publishers, I will send a copy of my poems to you.' ??????.'.. ' To me ! But you do not know my name.' 'Oh yes I do. You are Miss Carruthers.' ?.-,.... 'lam; but who told you ??' ?,.;? The question disconcerted Dallas a little. . He turned it off by saying, ' Why, how . can you sup pose I could be at Amherst withaut i learning that the niece of Sir Thomas Boldero, of the Sycamores, is Miss Carruthers ?' : ' All, true , I did not think of that,' said Clare, simply. 'But I do not live here, generally ; I live with another -uncle, my father's brother — Sir Thomas is my mother's — Mr Capel Carruthers, at Poynings, seven miles from here. Have you heard of Poynings ?' Yes, Mr Dallas had heard of Poynings ; but now he must take his leave. It had long beon too dark to look at the pictures, and the young people were standing in the great hail, near the open door, whence they could see the gate and the archway, and .a cluster of servants idling about and looking out for the return of the carriage. Clare was sud denly awakened to a remembrance ©f the lateness of the hour, and at once received her visitor's fare well, gracefully reiterating her assurances that her uncle would gladly make free him of the park for sketching purposes. She would tell Sir Thomas of the pleasant occurrences of the day ; — by-the-by, she had not the pleasure of know ing by what name she should mention him to her uncle. ' . ' . .'?' ] ..',.' ?;'.', ? . '. 'A very insignificant one, Miss .. Carruthors . My name is Paul Ward.' ..'.,, And so he left her, and, going slowly; down the great avenue among ,the beeches, met a carriage containing a comely, good-humored lady; and a gen tleman, also comely and good humored: who both bowed and smiled graciously as lie lifted his hat to them. '.-'.''I. . ' Sir Thomas and my lady, of course,' thought ? George; ' a much nicer class of relatives than Capel Carruthers, I should say.' '/' ', He walked briskly towards the town. While heJ was in Clare's company he had forgotten how hungry lie was, but now the remembrance returned1 with full vigor, and he remembered very clearly ho1!?, many hours had elapsed since he had, eaten. 'When' he came in sight of the railway station, a train was in the act of coining in from London. As lie struck into a little by-path leading to the inn, the pas sengers got out of the carriages, passed through the station gate, and began' to straggle up in the same, direction. He and they met where the by-path jdinbd the road, and he reached the inn in the com pany of three of the passengers,'. who. were, about to remain at Amherst. Mr Page . was in the hall, arid asked George if .he would, dincii ' Dine ?' said George. 'Certainly. Give me' anything' you' like, so that you don't keep me wait ing; that's the chief thing.' '.'It is late, sir, indeed,' remarked Mr Page; 'half-past seven, sir.' ' So late ?' said George, carelessly, as ho turned into the coffee-room. . CHAPTER VIII. GLAMOUR. When George Dallas had dined, ho left the coffee room, and retired to the bedroom which ''he 'had ordered, and which looked refreshingly clean and comfortable, when mentally contrasted with the ? dingy quarters on which he had turned his back in the morning. It was yet early in the evening, but he was tired; tired by the excitement and the vari ous emotions of the day, and also by the long hours passed in the fresh balmy country air, -which had a strange soporific effect on a man whose lungs and limbs were of the town, towny. The evening air was still a little sharp, and George assented readily to the waiter's proposition, made when he perceived that no more orders for drink were to be elicited from the silent and preoccupied young man, that 'a bit of fire' should be kindled in his room. Over that ' bit of fire' he sat long, his anus folded on his breast, his head bent, his brow lowering, his eyes fixed on the glowing embers. Was ho looking at ' faces in the fire — his parents' faces, the faces of friends, whom he had treated as enemies, of enemies whom he had taken for friends ? Were reproachful eyes looking at him from out the past ; were threat ? ening glances in the present flashed upon him ? He sat there, black and moody a long while, but at length his fixed gaze relaxed, the muscles of his mouth softened, broke into a slow smile, and a light came into his dull gloomy eyes. .Then he rose, took his pocket-book from his breast-pocket, made some memoranda at the back of the sketch taken that day in Sir Thomas Boldero's park, put back the book, and, once more settling himself near the fire, lighted his pipe and began to smoke. The musing look remained upon his face, but it was no longer painful, and, as ho smoked he fell to building castles in the air, as baseless, maybe, as tho vapour which curled in fantastic wreaths about his face, but tenanted by hope, and inspired by higher and better resolves than had animated George Dallas for many a day. The twin angels, love and gratitude, were near him ; invisibly their soft white wings were fluttering about him, refreshing the jaded heart, and the stained brow. His mother, and tho girl whom ho had that day seen for tho second time, and recognised with feelings full of u bitter and evil impulse at first, but who had aoou exercised over liim a namelessfascination full of a pure and thrilling delight, such as no pleasure of all his sin-stained life had ever previously brought him ; of these two lie wns thinking. If George Dallas could have seen his mother at the moment, when lie, having laid his exhausted pipe upon the little wooden chiinney jiiece, and hastily undressed, lay down in his bed, with his hands clasped over the top of his head, in his favorite attitude when he had anything par ticular to think of, he would have found her not only thinking but talking of him. Mr Carruthers was absent, so was Clare ; she had the grand stately house all to herself, and she improved the occasion by having teain her dressing-room, having dismissed her maid, affianced to a thriving miller in the village to a tote-a-tete with her lever, and summoning her trusty friend Mrs Brookes to a . confidential confer ence with her. The two women had no greater pleasure or pain in their lives than talking of George. There had been many seasons before and since her second marriage when Mrs Carruthers had been obliged to abstain from mentioning him, so keen and terrible was hev suffering on his account, and at such seasons Ellen Brookes had. suffered keenly too, though she had only vaguely known wherefore, mid had always waited until 'the thickest aud darkest of the cloud had passed, and her mistress had once more summoned courage to broach the subject never absent from the mind of either. There was no reticence on this occasion ; the mother had taken a dangerous step, and one whoso necessity she indeed deeply deplored, but she had gotten over the first great effort and the apprehen sion connected with it, and now she thought only of her son', she 'dwelt only upon the hope, the confi' dence, the instinctive belief within her, that this was really the turning-point, 'that her prayers had been heard, that the rock of a hard and stubborn heart hadbeen struck, aud had yielded, that her son would turn from the old evil paths, would consider his ways and be wise for the future. So' she sat and talked to the humble friend who knew her and loved her better than anyone else in the world knew and loved her, and when she at length dismissed her and lay down to rest there was more peace at her heart than had dwelt there, fora long timo past, ...?'? So one «f the women of whom the prodigal son had thought gently and gratefully that night was thinking ©f him with love that no imworthiness could kill or lessen, with hope which no experience could exhaust. And the other? Well, the other was playing and singing to her uncle and aunt in the green drawing-room at the Sycamores, and if she had said little to Sir Thomas and Lady Boldero concerning the .young artist who was so delighted with the picture-gallery, and who despaired of doing justice to the grand old trees in the park, it is presumable that, like the p.u-rot of old renown', she thought the more. George Dallas slept well that night in the- little country inu, and awoke to a pleasant- consciousness of rest, leisure, and 'expectation. As he dressed himself slowly, listening to the queer mixture of town and country sounds which arose- insido and outside the house, he took up a similar train of thought to that in which' sleep had interrupted him on the previous night, and began to form resolutions and to dream dreams. After he had breakfasted, and perused all the daily intelligence which found its way to Aniherst, where the population were not remarkably eager for general information, and tha Illustrated London News was represented by orio copy, taken in by the clergyman's wife, and cir culated among her special friends and favorites, ha ! went out, and once more took the direction of tho ; Sycamores. , . ? : Should he go into the park, he asked himself, o* would that be too intrusive a proceeding ? Sir ? Thomas, on his fair niece's showing, was evidently i an elderly gentleman of kindly impulses, and who ?would say that he might send a message to Mr Page, the landlord, inviting him to inform the i stranger within his gates that he might have another look at the picture- gallery at the Sycamoros? Was ' this a very wild idea? He did' not know. K seemed to him as likely as not that a jolly kindly man, disposed to let his fellow-creatures ? enjoy a taste of the very abundant good things which pro vidence had lavished on himself, might do a tiling of the kind. A pompous, purse-proud, egotistical old fellow, who would regard every man unpos sessed of landed property as a wretched creature, beneath his notice in all respects, except that of being made to admire and envy him as deeply as possible, might also think of sending such an in vitation, but George 5 alias felt quite sure- Sir .Thomas Boldero was not a man 'of that description. Suppose such a message should come ? He had not given any name at the inn ; he wished now ho had done so ; so he would only take a short walk, and return to correct the inadvertence. At so early an hour there would be no likelihood of his seeing Miss Carruthers. It. was in the afternoon she had ridden out yesterday, perhaps she would do the same to-day. At all events, he would return to the Sycamores on the chance, at the same hour as that at which he had seen her yesterday, and try his luck. The road on which he was walking was one of the beautiul roads common in the scenery of Eng land, a road which dipped and undulated, and wound about and about, making the most of the natural features of the landscape without any roal ' sacrifice of the public convenience, a road shadowed frequently by tall stately trees, and along one side of which the low park paling, with a broad belt of plantation beyond, which formed the boundary of the Sycamores, stretched for three miles. On the other side, a well kept raised pathway ran alongside a hedge, never wanting in the successive beauties of wild flowers and 'tangle,' and which furnished shelter to numerous birds. The day was bright and cheerful, and a light breeze was stirring the budding branches, and lending a sense of exhilara tion to the young man who so rarely looked upon the fair face of nature, and who had unhappily had all his purer tastes and sympathies so early deadened. They revived under the influence of the soeno and the softening effect of the adventure which had befallen him the day before. He stopped opporite the oaken gates, which had lain open yesterday, bnfc wore closed to-day, and he rumbled on', 'further away from the town, and crossing the road, took his way along the park paling, where tho fragrant odw from the shrubberies added a fresh pleasure to hk walk. He had passed a bend of the road which swept away from the large gates of the pnrk, and woe peering in at the mossy tufts, st-nddod with violets and bluebells clustering round the stems of tho young trees in the plantation, when his eyes lighted on a small gate, a kind of wicket in the paling, imper- ' fectly seciucd by a very looso hitch, and from whicb. a straight narrow path, bordered with trimly kept rows of ground ivy, led into a broader road dividing the plantation from the park. :? ' A side entrance, of course,' said ©alias to hiin .self, and then, looking across the road, he saw that just opposite the little gate there was a wooden stile, .by which a path through the fields, leading, no donbt into the town of Amkers.t, could be attained from the raised footpath. 'I suppose the land on both sides belongs to Sir Thomas,' thought Dallas, and as he made a momen tary pause, a large black Newfoundland dog, carry ? ing a basket in his mouth, came down the narrow -. path, bumped himself against the loosely fastened ?gate, swung it open, and stopped in the aperture, ..with a droll air ef having done something particu ; larly clever. Dallas looked admiringly at the beau tiful creature, who was young, awkward, and 1 ?; supremely happy, and the next instant he heard a \- voiee speak from the top of the straight walk. '-.:? ' Here Caesar,' it said; 'come here, sir; who ...told you I was going that way ?'. L. Csesar tossed up his head, somewhat to the detriment of the basket, and -lolloped about (With his big. black legs, but did not retrace his steps, and the next moment Miss Carruthers. appeared. A few yards only divided her from George, who stood outside the gate, his face turned full towards her as she came down the path, and who promptly took off his hat. She returned his .'salutation with embarrassment, but with undisguis able pleasure, and blushed most becomingly. '? I suppose I ought to walk on and leave her ; .but I won't,' said George to himself, in the mo ? mentary silence which followed their mutual salu tation, and then, in a land of desperation, he said : ; . 'I am fortunate to meet you again, by a lucky ac cident, Miss Carruthers. You are out earlier to-day, i and this is Ctesar's turn.' ? -':-.- He patted the shiny blackhead of the Newfound land, who still obstructed the entrance to the path, as he spoke, and Ctesar received the attention tole rably graciously. ; , 'Yes, I generally walk early, and ride in the afternoon.' ; ?' Escorted by your dumb friends only,' . said George, in a tone not quite of interrogation. Miss ? Carruthers blushed again, as she replied : ' Yes, my horse and my dog are my companions geneially. My aunt never walks, and Sir Thomas never rides. Were you going into the park -again, . Mr Ward?' . By this time Cresar had 'ran out into the road, and was in a state of impatient perplexity, and evi dently much inconvenienced by the basket, which he was too well trained to drop, but shook dis ' .consolately as he glanced reproachfully at Clare, ?wondering how much longer she intended to keep him waiting. ' No, Miss Carruthers, I was merely walking past ? the Sycamores, and recalling yesterday's pleasure — half gladly, half sadly, as I fancy we recall all plea sures.'' .- ' I — I told my uncle of your visit yesterday, and be said he was sorry to have missed you, and hoped you would see as much ? of the ^park as you liked. Did— did you finish your sketcR7 Mr Ward ? Oh, that horrid Crasar, he will have the handle off my basket. Just see how he is knocking it against the stile.' She came hurriedly through the open gateway into the road, George following her. . ' May I take it from him ?' he said. ' Oh, pray do ; there now, he is over the stile, . and running through the field.' ? George rushed away in pursuit of Cmsar, trium phant in his success in thus terminating a period of inaction for which he saw no reasonable excuse. Miss Carruthers mounted the stile in a more lei surely fashion, turned into the footpath which led through the field, and dn a few moments met George returning, her basket in .his hand^and . Csesar slouching along beside him, sulky and dis contented.: ? ? . (To he continued.) : ? THE PARISIAN FASHIONS. ...-.., .[froji the queen, octobbb, 21. J '?: : ? The bad weather has returned, and winter ap pears to have stolen upon us unawares. This sudden change has already hastened the departure of seve ral families of the upper classes from the different fashionable French watering-places, and from their country seats ; -and the well known elegantes are once again to be seen on the Paris boulevards, and lounging round the Bois de Boulogne. Winter fashions will not be definitely fixed until the court has been settled for a short time at the Tuileries, but some more precise details on the interesting subject may bo offered to my readers than those I have, been enabled to afford them up to the present date. I have already mentioned in former letters that there is an unprecedented variety in the shapes of bonnets, but the three principal forms now resolve themselves into the Catatane, the Marie de Medicis and the Queen Hortense*; the last named bonnet has a large flat crown to it. Mine. Beloffre, who opens her show rooms (No. 52 Rue de la Ghaussee d'Antin) four times a year for the display of bon nets and millinery of every description, has been particularly successful this season with the Queen Hortenfle bonnet, as under her clever manipulation it becomes a youthful and gracoful form. I saw . two ef this variety which appeared to me exceed ingly pretty. The first was of pale blue satin, orna mented all round with sprays Of blue forget-me-nots in .- pale blue velvet ; these flowerets fell in front on the bandeaux of hair, and at the back on the chignon. The second bonnet was composed of violet velvet, richly embroidered with jet ; a border of drawn violet satin encircled the bonnet, and a small tiara of violet velvet was fastened inside the front; this tiara was partially concealed with a handsome jet fringe, sewn at tho extreme edge of the satin border ; the strings, which were violet v«lvet, were very wide. When bonnets are made with flat crowns they have usually very wide ~ strings to them ; but the Mario de Medicis bonnets have wide strings only when their wearers are no longer young; narrow strings are invariably used by both young married and unmarried women. The form of bonnet called Marie de Medicis almost entirely conceals the chignon; it is wide at the sides or cheeks, and rounded off abruptly ; there is an attempt at a flat curtain, which is pointed in the centre, but it is on such a miniature scale that it can scarcely be dignified by that name. The following ia a tasteful yet simple Marie de Medicis bonnet. Th« foundation is black velvet, and the entire shape ia encircled with two rouleaux of black velvet, with a narrow baud of well curled black leathers in the centre. Jet drops are sown at the extreme edge of the bonnet ;' at the left side a beautiful moss rose is fastened in the ' midst ? of ' the band of feathers ; there are loops and long ends of black velvet and pink sarsenet ribbon at the back, underneath the apology for a curtain, and in the front narrow velvet strings covered with white blonde to tie the bonnet under the chin. Small black velvet bonnets are also made in the form of a saucer, and these have a tiny tumed-up curtain, lined with either white, pink, or blue satin. These saucers are entirely covered with a large jet star, which terminates with long jet pendants arranged round the; saucer to have the. effect of a fringe, which sparkles and glitters in the hair. :- In the inside there is a ban delet of colored velvet, and a velvet carnation at the side. ' ' :'???'': I mentioned in my last letter that hats were very fashionable. The newest are made of light grey felt, and have a low crown, which is round like that of the melon-shaped hat ; the brim is narrow, and lowered on the forehead ; a band of feathers ? sur rounds the crown, and two flowers are fastened at the side ; a' fed rose and a white rose — a streaked pink and a white pink, &c;, &c.; Another and a very coquettish hat is called a beret basque ; it was first introduced at Biarritz by a Spanish princess. This small beret, which is made of felt, has a tumed-up brim ; it is covered with black lace, thickly worked over with jet ; this takes the form of a star, and covers the hat entirely ; ' the lace is festooned round the brim, and a tuft of flowers is added at the sides. Some very charming winter head-dresses have beea introduced during the past week. They are composed of large velvetleaves, and theprettiest are .of pale grey velvet ; they take the form of the foli age of Mies, every leaf being bordered with crystal beads. A tuft of these large leaves is fastened at the side of the bandelet, and a spray of them falls on the shoulder : sometimes links of crystal beads are added, and are arranged so thai they fall on the chignon. ' Shaded, cerise velvet leaves and links of jet beads make up into very effective head-dresses : green leaves and gold beads, ? arranged in many different styles, are to be seen at the Italian Opera, likewise bandelets of velvet plaited with gold braid. , Ribbons, striped with gold and silver, and dotted with beads, are now manufactured expressly for head dresses. Walking dresses are invariably made with a plain and close- fitting bodice, and with a waistband and long sash-ends ; the band is fastened either at the side or back. To impart smartness to the toilette when the dress is short and worn over a colored petticoat, the sleeves and the front of the bodice are made to match the pntticoat in color. For example, a fashionable black silk walking dress would be made as follows : — The petticoat is violet silk, with a Russian or Marie Antoinette pleating round the edge ; the black silk- skirt takes the f orm of a tunic, and opens at the sides to show the violet petticoat underneath, and the sides are again slashed together with small black satin bars, which are studded with jet beads ; a rotileau of black satin ornaments the skirt, and the black silk bodice ,in front has a simulated violet waistcoat, trimmed with bars of black satin ; the epaulettes are black with gimp tassels, and. the sleeves are violet ; a black waistband, studded with jet, completes the costume. For walking out, either a palctot-sac of black faille or a violet velvet-cloth paletot is worn. Dresses intended for ceremonious occasions are still made with a train, but the petticoat is simu lated on the skirt. I have seen one of this descrip tion intended for the Russian marriage about to take place in the Imperial family. The petticoat is pale blue silk, bordered with loops of white satin ribbon ; the skirt is rich white poult de soie, cut out ; in large wide scollops round the edge, trimmed with loops of blue satin ribbon ; a close fitting blue silk paletot bordered with loops of white satin ribbon, and cut out in a point both at the back and front, to show the white silk bodice \mdemeath; long white satin reins are added at the extremity of the, point at the back. A white silk low bodice accompanies this dress. It has a white tulle berthe, crossed with blue satin rouleaux, also a wide blue satin sash ; loops of blue ribbon take the place of epaulettes on the shoulders. . Dresses ornamented with trimmings checked like a chess - board are very popular. The checks consist of alternate satin and velvet squares, and we on a large scale ; they are sewn above the hem of the skirt, and as borders to the short loose paletot which accompanies the dress. The satin of the check is invariably the same color as the dreRS, the velvet is either of a darker shade or black. Some times this checked trimming is used as a band for the front breadth of the skirt, and not as an orna ment above the hem. For indoor . morning dresses, cashmere is de cidedly the favorite material this winter. . It is manufactured and made up in a fantastic style, like many other fabrics. Let my readers imagine, for example, a dross, the upper part of which is either blue, violet or black cashmere, and the lower half is covered with patterns similar to those on an Indian cashmere shawl, exceedingly varied both in form and color. The cashmere, which is covered with a pattern, reaches three-quarters up the skirt, and describes a curve which simulates a round basque. The effect is precisely as though there was a self colored basquine over a cashmere skirt which has a shawl pattern over it. If a dressy morning robe is required, either white or blue cashmere is usod for. the upper- part of the dress. A small square pelerine, trimmed with cross-cut folds of cash mere, is added to the plain bodice, and the sleeves are ornamented to correspond. . These toilettes are only worn in-doors or for driving ; large talmas and flowing boumouses are made expressly to be worn with these Oriental-looking costumes, if retained for the morning'B drive. 1 must not forget thai the cashmere which is covered with a shawl pattern is woven in one piece with tho self-colored eashmere, and not added to it. For demi-toilette morning wear, paletots made either of blue or violet velvet cloth are general. They are cut out round tho edge either in square or round scollops, and' are piped with black satin. Large pockets and small straight collars are added to all jackets.- Other paletots are made of fine black cloth, and are embroidered in jet. They are like wise cut out in scollops, and the embroidery, which represents a spray of flowers, or a bunch of grapes or palm leaves, appears as though it grew out of the scollops. These paletots are fastened with large fancy buttons. The small black velvet jackets worn by young ladies are likewise cut at the edge, in either square or round scollops, and no other orna ment, save a very brilliant jet fringe, is added, Pephims, which are made to match the dress, are trimmed witU woes-cut bands of velvet, studded, or rather clmitis (nailed), as the French say, with. jet. They are never wadded, but are lined with thick flannel, which has satin over it; but even this is not quilted. The most elegant style consists of -'jicpHms to match dressy toilettes, and white satin is used for lining. The large Venetian sleeve — very pointed, and exceedingly wide— is worn with the pephmi, while underneath a 'narrow, coat sleeve, fitting the wrist closely, is to be seen. Euane de Marsy. 