A TRUE GHOST STORY. the following narrative has been handed to ns for publication. The story, we may mention, is a colonial one, and the real names of the persons and plaoes therin re ferred to are only suppressed (fictitious ones being substituted) for reasons which are so obvious as not to require enumeration at our hands. The tale is taken irom the second and third numbers of a maga zine published by the St. Mary's Young Men's Society of West Maitland. The writer is personally known to ourselves, and we have his authority for stating that the ' story '' is literally a true one, and also for \- reproducing it in the pages of the Newcastle Chronicle. ' The village of Foxearth is distant from the town of Ipswich about thirty miles. It consists of a public-house kept by a rough, blustering, but kind-hearted Scotch man, a store, and some three or four paltry huts, or as they are styled in this part of the colony 'humpies.'' The site of this so-called township is. on an extensive un dulating plain, bounded in the distance by the gum- olad hills bo common in the interior. There is nothing whatever in the village worthy of even a passing notice with the solitary exception of the public-house, which enjoys the unenviable reputation of being 'haunted.'* Haunted ! I fancy I hear some of the readers of this magazine exclaim — ' what nonsense, how grossly absurd ; as if there was the slightest truth in the explo ded and old women's notion of haunted houses.1' Yes, gentle reader— or.' courte ous' reader, as it is the fasihon now to term all sorts of readers— I repeat this roadside inn at Foxearth has the reputation of being, and I verily believe is — haunted ! You may laugh as much and as long as you choose at my weakness, but notwithstand ing, if ii should ever fall to your, lot to ex perience what 1 did in that dreadful house not many months since, I will answer for it, your opinion on this question of super natural appearances will quickly undergo a decided change. A brief sketch of what I personally experienced on the occasion of my first and only visit to Foxearth, may not, it has occurred to me, be uninteresting to the readers of our magazine. ? To make intelligible my subsequent re marks it is necessary that- I should say something of prior occurrences. I arrived at the haunted house a little before sundown on a Sunday evening. Stopping in the same house for the night, besides myself, there were two or three other gentlemen and one lady. We all reached our temporary destination about the same hour. Shortly after our arrival, tea was plaee'd upon the table, after partaking of which the ladies withdrew, leaving the gentle men to discuss ponucs or anything else they chose. Various subjects were introduced until at length the round of or dinary topics having been exhausted there was a sudden pause or break in the conver sation. For some minutes si euce reigtned supreme. Not a word was spoken by any one in the loom. How I have. often wished since that pause had never occurred. Se veral minutes elapsed when, at last, a Mr. Smith ventured some commonplace remark respecting the weather. A Violent gust of wind which just at that moment came rush ing down the chimney, and roiired loudly round the house outside, caused all the company; to agree most heartily with the observation made by Mr. Smith, to the effect, that it was an exceedingly unpleasant night out of doors. Wich the exception of the writer, however, all the other persons in ?the room appeared to be too deeply absorb ed in the contemplation^ some other matter .to prolong the conversation on so ordinary a * i topic Another long p^use ensued, the glass es were re»filled, the*) customary 'good ?healths,' ' my respects,' etcaetera, were .exchanged and the company ugain settled .down into what threatened to be a silence of long duration. It was broken, however, very unexpectedly by Mr. Steadman, of ?Httlsted, who^sooiewhat abruptly addressed 'the writer as'fotlows : 'You are a stranger in these parts, I believe, Sir? I replied that I was, never having-been to Foxearth before that evening. ' You have heard, I suppose' continued Mr. Slead'man, ' some ' thing out of the way as regards some of the ... houses on this line V' No, I made answer, I have not ; I have heard indeed that the accommodation on a head towards Warner field is very passable,' but nothing more. '-Nonsense' replied Mr. Steadman quick ?-.-? ly, he said ' Is it possible you have not 1 heard that this house we are now in is ? haunted ?'' Another fearfuf-gust of wind, ' together with the revelation I l)hd just heard made, caused me to fairly staryfrom my seat Haunted ! I exclaimed, resuming my seat. and feigning to laugh, — well, no, I never heard that, and if I had it wouldn't dis concert me much, for I don't believe in ghosts or haunted houses either A short conversation followed, all present professing to agree with mo, that a belief in superna tural appearances of any description what ever, is chimerical and absurd. How long this interesting table talk might have con tinued, or how many ghost (ales each we might have narrated I can't say, — when we were suddenly interrupted by lhaburly land lord in whose presence of course Dotbing further was said on the subject. It was now about half past 10 o'olock, and observ ing that Mr. Smith and Mr. Steadman had left the room I called for my candle and requested the landlord to show me my bed room. And now, lest my readers should Bay — you were frightened before you went to bed at all; — I wish to disabuse their miuds on that point. That I started when I heard Mr. Steadman say ' the house we are in is haunted,' I lime already admitted, but that after the lapse of a few minutes, I was in the least frightened, or entertained any serious belief that the house ' was' haunted, I most distinctly and positively deny. To speak the truth, after a few minute's 1 thought no more of the matter and retired te rest, not at all apprehensive of hearing any unearthly noises, or of seeing any su pernatural sights. But to resume : — When I got into my bed-room I did as I usually do — looked to the fastening on the door and window, and I also looked underneath the bed. The room was a small one. with a sloping roof, the lower part of which came almost close down to the top of the bed. The bedstead took up nearly half of the room, affording anyone wishing to play trickc but a poor chance of conoealing them selves in the cbanber for such a purpose. It is almost needless for me to sdd there were no cupboards in the apartment. Hav ing satisfied myself on these points I at once undressed, looked at my watch, put out the candle, and jumped into bed. Up to this moment, I wish it to be distinctly understood, I was not in the least timid ; not nearly as much so indeed as I have been on many other occasions when sleeping in a stiange bedroom, in a lonely place. When I last looked at my watch it was twenty minutes past eleven o'clock. My head once on the pillow, I was soon fast asleep. How long I slept I do not know, in all proba bility I never shall know, but ' this' I know, that after having been asleep for some indefinite time I awoke hearing a most hor rible noise, and feeling a most unaccountable and extraordinary sensation in my chest. I awoke, as I have stated (after sleeping some indefinite time), in a terrible fright. The first thing I became conscious of was a frightful but utterly indescribable pressure upon my chest. So violent was the pres sure, so real and tangible, that for some minutes after I awoke it was only with the greatest difficulty that I could draw my breath. A couple of half hundredweights placed on one's chest would not be more uncomfortable or unpleasant than the sen sation which I experienced that night. But the dreadful sensation on the chest was not all the misery I endured. So soon as I could collect my senses and realize where I actually was, auother source of horror was discovered. From a spot close to the foot of my bed— in extremely unpleasant prox imity — there proceeded a tuoft unnatural and unearthly noise. What to compare it to I know not : it was a sort of low, mourn ful ' wail :' the impression left upon my mind was, that the voice (for ' such' I am sure ' now,' as I was sure then, it was) came from a human being in deep anguish and pain. I listened long and attentively to the sound. It was fitful in its nature : now, the tone would be raised and sustaiued in one key for some seconds, anon it would suddenly drop, and die out in the most pathetic of cadences. The state in which I lay all this time ean be imagined, perhaps, but it can never be described. I felt as if I would give all I was ever poB sesed of to be removed from my position ; to obtain a match ; to hear the voice of some '? mortal' inmate of the house ; or to know that the blessed day was breaking. From head to foot I was in a reeking per spiration, notwithstanding that the night was rather cool, and I had nothing on me but a thin quilt and a sheet. Oli ! how slow time passes when we are in pain, or when we are kept in fearful suspense. Once, and once only did I venture to lift my eyelids, but seeing no signs of daylight I did not afterwards risk encountering some horrible sight by again opening them. I wish I could convey to my readers some adequate conception of the agony I endured for the next two or three hours at the least. Words, however, fail me to make it under stood. Those who have been placed in situations of imminent danger, when they expected momentarily to meet their death ; those who have been afflicted from child hood with the worst forms of nightmare ; or those who like myself have slept in a ' haunt ed chamber ;' those persons, and those only can have the slightest idea of the unutterable and awful agouy I endured. Often since the fearful occurrence took place I have 'thought, thaHf I could have summoned up sufficient resolution to open my eyes, to have ' faced1' the danger — spirit, phantom, ghost, or whatever my tormeutor was — the frightful spell might have been broken, and, aroused by some startling shriek, or other demonstration of fright, some of the inmates of the house might hava come to my assist ance. But no suoh good fortune was mine. In vain did I turn and re-turn in bed with a view to obtain relief in sleep ; ' Nature's sweet restorer'' was not to be coaxed, and there was no help for it but to remain where I was, with sheets, and night dress and pillow, and indeed all the bed clothing as if it had been soaked in a vessel full of water. Once only for the space of a few minutes did I even dose, and ' then' it was, just us I was in a half-somnolent, half-wakeful state, that the accumulated horrors of thut never to-be-forgotten night reached their most horrible consummation. The Spirit, Ghost, Apparition, or whatever it was, at this junc ture, seized right hold of me, and halfdrag ged me from the bed. Yes ! there can be no mistake about it, ridiculous as it may appear to some, I was pulled out of bed by ' a something ;'' which, after the examination I had made of the room, I can only conclude was a ghost. Besides, I ' distinctly felt' — and it makes my flesh creep when I think of it — the long, thin, ' bony'' fingers of a woman, as the ' something' seized hold of me to drag me out from the bed. rlow 1 managed to retain possession of my senses I do not know, but 1 did, and that made it so much the worse. But the oliraax was at tained, the worst was over. For the remain* der of the night I felt relieved of the pres sure on my breast, and my ears were uo longer assailed by that most melancholy and doleful of sounds. Finding that I would not open my eyes to behold ' her,1' the ' murdered woman's ghost' which haunts that fearful chamber, resorted to ' force' to convince me that a foul deed had been com mitted, and that the fiend in human form who murdered her, is still living on the earth unpunished and unhanged. Such is the only rational construction which, after much consideration 1 can put upon that unearthly and supernatural assault. I need not stay to tell how pleased I was to see the morning break, and hear ' human' voices again, nor how 1 got laughed at for my pains when I related what had transpired during the night. In justice to myself, however, I ought to mention that, undaunted by the first night's experi ence, I slept in the haunted room a second night. And regarding that night, it must suffice to suy that it was in every respect a of repetition what I have narrated above. The sequel to my story is soon told. Some fifteeu or sixteen years ago a woman was basely murdered in this house at Fox earth. The ruffian who perpetrated the ?horrid deed lives at the present time The circumstences under which the poor woman's life was taken were unusually cruel and unnatural. The house at the time when the murder took place was occupied by a very low, quarrelsome family The landlord was a great drunkard, and his wife, it is said, was also addicted in a lesser degree to the same baneful vice. The night on which the murder occurred was a bitter cold one in the month of August. The family, with the exception of the aforesaid landlord, and his wife, and a half-witted groom, were all in Ipswich. Late in the evening a terri ble quarrel between the lanlord and his wife took place. Words rather high, and blows fell thick and fast, until at length the infe rior strength of the woman compelled her to succumb, and she took refuge in her own room, fastening the door inside. Her husband continued drink ing and after a while became s) mad. dened and infuriated that he rushed to the room in which his wife had taken shelter, dragged her brutally — so brutally that I dare not stain this paper by mentioning the manner — from her hididg place, kicked her through the house nnd finally cast her ruth lessly out into the road, ' on that bitter cold winter's night, with between one and two feet of snow upon the grouud. The unfortunate woman, with nothing in the world to protect her from the cold of that almost Canadian night but her nightdress, and fearing to return to the house, took shelter in a hay -stack near at hand. The night passed over, and what the kicking and belabouring might possibly ' not' have effected, the piercing night air following so close on the thrashing] most effectually accomplished. Early the next morning she was brought up to the_ inn and put to bed in the room where I unfortunat ely slept. She lingered a fow hours, when death put an end to her sufferings, which if all that I heard was true, must have been terrible indeed. In consequence of representations made by the murderer him self to the authorities, no inquiry into this fo affair was ever made, and it was generally believed for some years that the woman died a natural death. Such, how ever, I can assure my readers, was not the caso — and ever since, at the dead hour of night, the ghost of the murdered woman. Kerisits the glimpses of the moon, Making night hideous, and men fools of nature, So horribly to shake their disposition!. With thoughts beyond the reaches of our souls ! B.A. 