I IS! IT ED 1 1 A BIL ITY . (From the Daily Tklegrapk, 29th May.) Yesterday the Master of the Rolls had, in his list of causes for the day, no fewer than twenty-two | petitions relating to the winding-up of public com- , panies. The fact is not only an alarming symptom I of the present financial embarrassment, but also some criterion of the Lhuited Liability Acts. The question forced u|»on us by passing events is this — ought the policy of tho^e acts t-- be re considered, modified, or abrogated? If a single jutlge bccalled | uimmi in one day' to entertain twenty-two applica tions for judicially determining the existence of joint-stock enterprises formed on the 'limited'' plan, we may be sure the long -predicted hviur of trial for that principle has arrived. Fresh calami ties arc continually attributed to it, aud disasters now succeed each other so rapidly, wc may almost' say ' tliat of an hour's age dutli iiiss the speaker.' Amoug the latest examples is the fall of tbe Con solidated Bank, which was formed by the amali# mationof three previously established businesses, two of them being the old London firms of Hankey and Co., and Hcvward, Kennard and Co. The stoppage of the Consolidated is attributed, partly to a chan cery suit, in which the courec taken by the directors is impugned, and partly to the failure of the Sauk of London. It is now a matter of common observa tion that the unstable undertakings loan upon one another, so thnt the fall of one indicates the fall of scvcraL We have, in fact, arrived at such a pass that a winding-up is regarded as the most pro bable aud natural event in tkchistoiy of ' limited*' companies. This conclusion was not intended by the Act that first established the principle on which those associations are based. It provided an appara tus for arranging their affairs in the event c.f their dissolution ; l-ut it did not contemplate insohoucv audthudden death as normal incidents of'llieir career. When the Legislature, ten years ago, authorised the establishment of partner&hnts; in which the re s;onsihility of each partner or shareholder should bo restricted to the amount of Iub shares, it was sup jtosed that we had readied a new ami happy era hi the hist oiy of commerce. I imitod liability was to in augurate a mercantile millennium. It was a panacea tliat was to cure all the epidemic disease to which tho financial world was most liable, livery one who disputed or doubted the o\|-edicucy of the new doctrine, or wanted to have it fenced around with precautions and limitations, was an old-fasbh-ned, prejudiced opponent of reform, a protectionist in disguise, aud an intolerant defender of inveterate error. Wo have had a decade of experience since that time, and the peaus sung on the triumph of limited liability have now given place to something very' like a wail of defeat. Tlie legislation on the subject has not been followed bv au the delightful and happy cousequeuces winch were prophesied ten years ago. The complete liberation oi commerce from her old fetters has not introduced a reign of financial felicity. The panics, crises, and failures are quite as frequent as they were under tlie old system. There was a grand crash of abortive rail way schemes in 1847 and 1848, but iu the aggregate tlie troubles of the new limited companies are quite as great. They Jail so fast that the Court of Chan cery, which acts as executioner, cannot kill them quick enough to satisfy tbe public vcrffecance. The 'Chambers1* of the Master of the liolls-and the Vicc-Chancellors arc almost choked up with this kind of business ; their courts arc besieged with ]-eti- tioners, who clamorously demand the dissloutiou of the ill fated partnerships and distribution of their property. So strong is the reaction that it bos become uudiscrinunatin«- and we are by co means sure tliat a considerable amount of injustice will not be committed merely through contagious terror. For the limited n companies are not all unsound, and their ]-eculiar statutory privilege, is not the sole cause of all the disasters which have overtaken the financial world. I Probably it will be fouud, on examination, that the failures are due, not to liability, but to the ' abuse of it The principle iu itself is sound enough. 1 It implies no more than that ]-crsonB may trade on the understanding of their not l-cing individually liable as heretofore for partnership delfts, each man I to ' his lost acre aud last shilling.1' That was the old law, and the Act of 1850 simply declared that I associations of more than seven partners need not be bound by it unless they liked. But then the}* were to give the whole world notice that they did not subject themselves to the ancient rule of un limited individual responsibility for debts. The word ' limited,' which is always annexed to their names, is a clear warning, if, after such a warn ing, creditors chose to give credit, why should they be prohibited from doinc 6o? With respect to them the Act was simply jtenuissivo ; it did not com pel them to deal with the new companies unless they pleased But, in truth, the hardships of the recent legislation have fallen, not upon the credi tors, but on the unwary shareholders. We sj-eak of their liability as limited, but oftentimes the 44 limit' is so wide tliat it might almost as well be abrogated. Tlie most recent undertakings are regu lated by the ' Companies Act, 18G2. ' In the asso ciations formed under it, ' each member under takes to contribute to the assets of the company in the event of the same being wound up during the time that he is a member, or within one year afterwards, for payment of the debts aud liabilities of tlie company contracted before the time at which he ceases to be a member, and of the costs, charges, and expenses of wiudiug-up the company, and for the adjustment of the rights of the coutributories amongst themselves, euch amount as may be re quired, not exceeding n spo-ified amount.' It is true that liis responsibility is restricted, but lie can not be quit of it for twelve months after he has ceased to be a shareholder ; and within that ircriod there is always a risk that he may be called upon to contribute* towards the payment of anterior debts contracted by the company. For such debts the ac tual shareholders are primarily liable, and past mem bers are not to be called upon unless ' it appears to the Court that the existing members arc unable to satisfy tlie contributions required to be made by them in pursuance of this Act.' Consequently, if a share has passed through the bands of a dozen holders in the course of twelve months, every one of those persons may possibly be required to make contributions — subject always to this important limitation, that none ' shall be required from auy member exceeding the amount, if any, unpaid on shares in resj-ect of which he is liable as a present or past member.' But, even as thus defined, the danger is often terrible. Tlie warning is trite, but it must be rej-eated again and again till the lesson is more perfectly understood by the inexperienced ]«rsons who are most likely to suffer, that the art of giving a company au appearance of fictitious strength aud resj»ectability has been carried to consummate perfection hi modern times. There are wonderful artists who devote themselves exclusively to the pursuit, just as there are practitioners who can give to old age and decrepitude the apj-earance of ju venile' vigor. The establishment of companies is a profession in itself. What chance has the out sider — the widow with a small dower, or the country parson seeking a profitable investment for hia modest savings — against the cunning, long headed ' City *' gentlemen who are ready — most ready — t-i receive tuouey iu exchange for shares ? If the cupidity of gain did uot blind inexperienced in vestment seekers to the most obvious warnings, they would ]-erccive that they had not a ghost of a chance in the unequal contest with their practised oppo nents. The game is m ire lezal. but not a whit more equal, than that played by skittle-sharpers against the rustics who show their money in London public houses. No legislation can absolutely prevent gulls from beinsr dnped ; still all that is possible oujrht to be done for their protection, and in the interests of legitimate commerce it is desirable that the law of limited liability shmtld he, not abrogated, but ac companied by additional provisions against abuse. In France,, we believe, emipanies are subject to a strict preliminary examination by proper officers of the Government before they are established. In Euglaud, any seven ]»ersons can set up a new asso ciation without such an ordeal. They have simply to register certain particulars, which may easily be so described as altogether to mislead the puldic'V» :th regard to the real financial position of tlie enter prise. Until the law in this rcsiH?ct is rendered more stringent— until associations are complied io produce adequate credentials before obtaining ; authorisation and registration— the evil of u winding- , up' will continue to he general and chronic. j 