THE BUILDING SOCIETY. 1 o the Editor of the Border Watch. Sir,- '-your correspondent Puzzled'' wishes to know Low Building, Society's profits are calculated, and particularly so in the las fc balance sheet of the .National Build ing Soi iiety, which, as a good shareholder, he picks t- o pieces, selects what he wants, and then tr < embles at the ghosts he conjures. He seems t lo be dissatisfied at 23^ per cent, and will ha\ ire 12 per cent., and with a strange inconsi: jitency proves in his way in two para graphs. that the Society is making 24 per cent! 1 2 per cent by rents, and 12 per cent bypren liums, &c.; _ ' The balance sheet distinctly: states' the gross pi fofit to be £652 Is 6d, made up of rent, fir ics, &c.;, premiums and forfeits-but he won' fc allow the Directors to do this-r-he will huv ;e the profits to be divided as he thinks it .. ought to be-and separates that which in . the nature of things, is inseparable, for profi fc is profit, whether it comes through the medi xim of rent, entrance fee, or pre mium. Ho as times that all the profit is derivable amongst- the total subscriptions during the half year *. If " Puzzled " will read rule XI. his mind will be enlightened somewhat, and instoad c if of calculating £2446 13s-claiming -it will perhaps be found that £2,000 .will be nearer tl ie figure. The exact deduction can j be obtai led at the head office, Adelaide. As the > profits do Jiot seem equal, at least to the c: ilculatfons of " Puzzled," I trust he will assi. jt to swell the amount to a satisfac tory fig! ire, by allowing himself to be fined for the ' benefit of all concerned. No fo rther correspondence will follow on this ma [iter, but any private enquiry will bo duly an swefed. W. A. CAWTHORNE, ; Sec. JSTationnl TiniMino- RnmAftr P.S.- -I have to thank "Puzzled" for pointin » out an error of 9d. in the balance sheet, ; Dy which it seems he, and all the sharehf jlders, have been deprived of the one seven thousand nine hundred and eighty fourth part of a penny, which shall be duly credite*! to his and other accounts in the next h ilf-year. W.A.C. 