NEWS AND NOTES. A mysterious case of sudden death occurred at Clayton's Hill, Ballarat East, on Sunday afternoon. A milkseller, named Andrew Guthrie, residing at Navigator's Village, was in town during the day, serving his customers as usual, and he was seen returning by way of Clayton's Hill shortly after three o'clock. He called at a store about that hour, and seemed in his usual health, but in about an hour afterwards he was found with his neck broken and quite dead, lying over the spring-cart he was driving, and with his face down on one of the shafts. The horse was standing perfectly still at the time, and the only solution of the mystery appeared to be in the probability that one of the wheels of the cart having suddenly sunk into one of the numerous ruts on the road, the unfortunate man was thrown forward on to the shaft, thereby breaking his neck. We understand that when last seen alive he appeared perfectly sober. The deceased has left a wife and six or seven children. The body was conveyed during the afternoon to the Beehive Hotel, Barkly. street, and his wife, having been informed of the occurrence, came in and identified it in the evening. An inquest will probably be held in the case in the course of to-day. On Saturday, Mr Walter Craig'a racehorses Tim Whiffler, Miss Fisher, Richelieu, and Midshipman left by the midday train for the metropolis, to com mence training at Flemington for the ensuing meet ing on the Melbourne course. The horses, as they were led through the town, attracted considerable attention, and a number of persons were congre gated at the station to see them safely into the train. The horses are under the charge of J. Carter and they appeared to be in very good condition. Mr Robert M'Neice, electoral registrar, Linton, will be in attendance at Mr Austin's, Linton, between half-past seven and half.past nine p.m. on Wednesday next, for the purpose of issuing electors' rights. Electors are reminded that as the time is nearly up for getting their names upon the roll, neglect of this precaution will result in their disfranchisement. On Saturday, "18th August, Mr J. C. Rowlands' pack of hounds met at the Banner of War hotel, near Smythesdale. About a dozen horsemen attended to join in the sports of the day. After traversing the bush for a couple of miles or so be tween Smythesdale and Cherry-tree Flat, a kan garoo was started, and a good chase ensued, the dogs for some time keeping in view of the quarry, but ultimately, in the ranges near Smythesdale, they lost the trace of it altogether. The day was very fine, and the sport passed off pleasantly, the only drawback being that some of the dogs went astray. An interesting lecture on the " Past and Present Condition of England" was delivered before a good audience, at the Council Chambers, Creswick, by Mr O'Dee, in aid of the local Mechanics' Institute, on the evening of Friday, 17th August. Mr Lewers occupied the chair. Large congregations were attracted to St. Pat rick's Roman Catholic Church yesterday morning and evening, on the occasion of the late pastor of the church, Dr Sheil, officiating as celebrant at mass and at vespers for the first time since his conse cration as Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. His assistants were the bishops of Tasmania and of Oceanica, besides several local clergymen, the ser vices being performed with the fullest solemnity the resources of the edifice admitted, both ceremonial and musical. The Bishop of Oceanica preached a short missionary sermon on both occasions. Mr Thomas Black having resigned his appoint ment as Registrar for the Miners' Rest and Carng ham divisions of the Electoral District of Ripon and Hampden, it is to be hoped that no time will be lost in gazetting his successor, so as to enable those who have not renewed their rights, and others who are desigous of obtaining rights to do so. The office before Mr Black's appointment was at Learmonth, but during that gentleman's tenure, there has been none, though he made a practice of visiting the township periodically for the purpose of issuing rights, &c.; It is essential therefore that the regis trar appointed should have his oflice at Learmonth. We have received from the publisher, Mr S. Mul len, of Collins street east, Melbourne, a funeral sermon,"entitled "Weep Not,'' preached by the Rev. J. Oswald Dykes, M.A. The sermon was preached in Chalmers' Church, " with special reference to the Ioss recently sustained by the pastor of the congre gation, through the removal by death of Ebenezer Cairns, his only and much loved son." The committee of the Baliarat Mechanics' Insti tute met on 17th August, the president in. the chair. A letter was read from Mr E. Daniell, asking the committee for a copy of an English newspaper after the demand for its perusal had ceased. The request was complied with. It was resolved that Mr. God frey be informed that the book he suggests for pur chase has been ordered, and that the committee strongly disapproves of the suggestion book being made a vehicle for offensive personal re marks. It was resolved that the Exhibition Committee have the loan of the new specimen case; also, that permission be given to open a trap door in the floor of the hall, on condition that the work be finished to the satisfaction of the com mittee. The following gentlemen were appointed a lecture committe, viz :-Messrs O'Connor, Jones, and Anderson. It was determined that the first reading should not take place till after the exhibi tion, so that the hall might be available. The meeting then adjourned. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society has decided to hold its next grain show in Ballarat, and not at the show yards. But this resolution is con tingent on suitable premises being obtainable. Why should not the Borough Couucil arrange for the show in the market square, if it be any way practicable ? The Board of Agriculture has decided that the next National Show shall not be at Geelong, but where the show shall be is left for the council of the board to determine at its next meeting. The farmers of this district are desirous to have the show in Ballarat, and we believe that they are disposed to afford great facilities for the exhibition here. Our Warrenheip (correspondent writes The Fahey ghost story is not yet dead, and strange to say a large portion of the people, of course those of the Fahey type only, believe it to be quite true. The stories that are now told are quite ridiculous. After a great deal ol persuasion I visited the house on Thursday evening, and found some ten or twelve persons sitting round the reception room in truly Irish fashion, amongst whom was a traveller from the adjacent brewery, who, probably taking a lesson from 'Sam Slick' was nursing the baby, much to the gratification of the delighted mother. Fahey narrated some of the wonders of the candles, and one wonder in particular, that of a candle which was lying on the table which gradually erected itself on end, was lighted without human aid and moved slowly to the edge of the table, dropped on to the floor still on end, thence travelled to the fireplace, which Fahey classically termed the hob, and back with a flying leap to the table, for the truth of which one or two of those present vouched. Some of those pre sent were then invited to adjourn to the Phoenix hotel, where a 'shout' all round being disposed of and Fahey having quaffed his pint of M'Gill and Coghlan's last brew, which from the smack of his lips I Imagine he enjoyed, I ventured to request that I might he allowed to witness the wonderful candle performances. This request was not granted, for I was told-rather drily-to come to-morrow, as I should see better in daylight. With a hearty laugh at finding myself so dead sold I wished Daniel good night, and ventured to make my way along that standing monument of misspent money, the North Melbourne road." Mr Walter Cherry, of Ballarat, who has for some time been pursuing mathematical studies under the direction of Mr Victor, principal of the Collegiate School, has passed the examination for contract surveyors and received the certificate licensing him to tender for Government contract surveys. The Bohemian glassblowing exhibition closed on Saturday night, when the hail was crammed. In fact the glassblowers are going away when, apparently at the height of their success, but this is, we believe, inevitable. There was a mid- day per formance, which was also well attended. The ex hibition will open next in Geelong. It has been suggested to us that the occasion of his Excellency's visit to Ballarat to open the Exhibi tion, might be made one for the Governor to hold a reception here, and to have an inspection of the town and district. The local authorities must lose no time in communicating with his Excellency on that head, if they wish the suggestion to be carried out. The annual meeting of the Provincial Grand Lodge, A.1.0.0 F., Baliarat district, was held at the Exchange Hall, Ballarat, on Friday 17th inst. D.P.G.M. Br Dowsing, was elected P.G.M.; P.O. Br Bryce, D.P.G.M.; P.G.T. Br Ward was re-elected to the same office; P.P.G.M, Br Fraser, P G.S. for the ensuing twelve months. By the reports of the retiring officers, the district is found (numerically and financially speaking), to be in a healthy and flourishing state. There was during the twelvemonths four new lodges opened; seven deaths and eighty-one members suspended; the increase of members was 190; amount of cash in district, £2151 5s 81/2d; furniture and goods, £428 9s 6d; total assets of district, £2579 15s 21/2d. A vote of.thanks was passed to P.P.G.M. Br Dunn for the very able manner in which he had discharged the onerous and important duties of his office, also to G.D. Br Drake or his services. Amongst the other business dis posed of was the appointment of a legal committee, consisting of the four provincial grand officers and P.S. Br. T. H. Reid- At half-past five o'clock p.m. the brethren sat down to tea which was prepared by the host and to which they did ample justice. The lodge sat, except during the adjournment for tea, from 2 o'clock p.m. till 10-30 p.m. A deputation from the Mount Blowhard meeting on protection to the farmers' industry, waited on the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society on Saturday, and the committee will discuss the subject at its next meeting on the 1st September The farmers appear to hold that they have just as much right to the protection of import duties as the shoemaker or the candlestickmaker has and there is force in the agricultural logic. The Corner, which has so long in its present original form been noted as one of the principal attractions on Ballarat is about to undergo a change the present buildings which are now occupied by a number of brokers are about to be taken down, owing to the determination of the London Chartered Bank (to which the land belongs) to commence the erection of a new bank. It has long been expected that the bank would set about the building, and therefore the brokers have not been unprepared for the notice to quit which they have now received. It is not improbable that the plan of the building will comprise a suite of offices in Sturt street which will furnish accommodation to a large number of share dealers and other persons interested in mining speculation, this would not only be a source of great profit to the bank, but it would also tend to conserve the old popularity which the Corner has now for so many years retained. Referring to the North Western Province election the Castlemaine Daily News of Friday evening says Mr Urquart, who has been spoken of as likely to be a candidate at the next election, was in Castlemaine yesterday, and we have it on the best authority that it is not his intention to come forward. A Proclamation appears in Friday nights Gazette further proroguing Parliament from Tuesday, 21st August, to Tuesday the 2nd October. An enquiry of a very perculiar nature was held yesterday at Sandhurst, before Mr Superintendent Chomley, the subject being a complaint made by Mr. Edward O'Keefe, of the Commercial hotel against Detective O'Neil. The accompanying particulars are given by the Advertiser :-- The complaint made by Mr OKeefe to the Chief Commissioner of Police is, we learn, to the following effect :-- Mr O'Keefe states that some few days before Mr. J. H. Wall the late secretary of the Campaspe Road Board, was arrested on the charge of embezzlement, he (Mr. 0'Keefe) having previously arranged the matter with the friends of Mr Wall, saw Detective O'Neil, and stipulated with the latter that if the information were given of the whereabouts, of Mr Wall, and his arrest effected,a portion of the reward of 20 Pounds was to be handed over to him (0'Keefe) for the purpose of his defence Mr O'Keefe asserts that this bargain was made by Detective ONeil; that the information was given to him; that Wall was instructed to be at a certain place, where the detective was to attend, that all this was done, and that Wall was accordingly taken at the place and hour appointed, but that when the reward was received by Detective O'Neil he repudiated the agreement, and refused to hand over any of it to Mr O'Keefe, who in the meantime had on the strength of O'Neil's promise, retained council for his defence, and had become personally responsible for the expenses. The Ballamt West Borough Council and Water Supply Committee will meet this afternoon, at the usual hour. During the week ending the 14th instant twenty nine cases of horse and cattle stealing were reported to the police. The following notice of reward appears with others, in the Police Gazette :--- To Constables Edward Darling and Robert Carson' at Sebastopol, 2 Pound each has been awarded in acknowledgement of their services, in the prosecution of Joseph Halls, for several cases of larceny. George Glencairn Lorimer, of Ballarat West builder, has applied for a patent for an invention entituled, "An invention for vertical and horizontal steel-band sliding shutters." Henry Upton Alcock, of Melbourne, timber merchant, has applied for a patent-for an invention, intituled, " An invention for a machine, to be called the spiral turning, canting, and fluting machine." The Government Gazette, announces that tenders have been called for the erection of a new court house at Ballarat; and also for the building of a sub treasury at Talbot. The plans and specifications can be seen at the Government offices at Ballarat and Talbot, and at the office of the Board of Land and Works, Melbourne. Bell's Life in Victoria gives the following latest betting :--- Melbourne Cup.---- 100 to 8 agst. Sparrow Hawk (tk), 100 to 7 agst Yattendon (off) 100 to 7 agst Falcon (off), 100 to 6 agst Exile (tk) 100 to 6 agst Warwick (off), 100 to 5 agst Toryboy (tk fr) 100 to 5 agst Sea Gull (off), 100 to 5 agst Sultana (off), 100 to 5 agst Minstrel (off), 100 to 5 agst Maribyrnong (off), 100 to 4 agst Miss Fisher (tk fr) 100 to 4 agst Midshipman (tk fr), 100 to 4 agst Kerosene (tk), 100 to 4 agst Cowra (tk) 100 to 4 agst Tim Whiffler (off), 100 to 4 agst Lady Heron (off), 100 to 3 agst Austral (tk fr), 100 to 3 agst Barwon (tk fr), 100 to 3 agst Princess (tk fr), 100 to 3 agst The Barb (tk fr), 100 to 3 agst Hibernia (tk) 100 to 3 agst Deception (tk), 100 to 3 agst The Sign (tk) 100 to 3 agst Glenyuille (tk). 100 to 3 agst Wood man (tk), 100 to 3 agst Protection (tk), 100 to 3 agst Musidora (tk), 100 to 3 agst Shenandoah (tk) 100 to 3 agst Falcon (off). 100 to 3 agst Volunteer (off), 100 to 2 agst Mozart (tk), 100 to 2 agst Miranda (tk), 100 to 2 agst Dun Dolo (tk), 100 to 2 agst Viscount (tk), 100 to 2 agst Playboy (tk). 100 to 2 agst Lunatic (off), 100 to 2 agst Cupbearer (off) 100 to 2 agst Miss Pitsford (off), 100 to 2 agst Coven try (off), 100 to 2 agst Richelien (off). 100 to 2 agst Nonsuch (off), 100 to 2 agst Solitaire (off). 1000 to 15 agst Songster (tkfr), 100 to 1 agst Aggravator (tk) Champion Race-4 to 1 agst Volunteer (off) 5 to 1 agst Yattendon (off), 100 to 15 agst Tim Whiffler (off), 100 to 15 agst Fishhook (off), 10 to 1 agst Cowra (tk). 10 to 1 agst Seagull (off), 12 to 1 agst The Barb (tk fr), 15 to 1 agst Warwick (off) 15 to 1 agst Angler (off), 15 to 1 agst Miss Fisher (off), 15 to 1 agst Tim Whiffler (off), 15 to 1 agst The Sign (off) 20 to 1-agst Barwon (off)." The Theatre Royal was well attended on Satur day night, except in the box and dress circle which were very scantily patronised. The pit stalls, and gallery were filled. "Rory OMore' was the chief piece, and in it Mr Collins, Miss Bowring and Mr Steele appeared, as well as the other mem bers of the company at this house. The drama went off with life, and Mr Collins was to in good voice as compared with his recent effort when suffering from a cold. He was often encored, and the performers generally in the leading parts were very heartily applauded. The farce "The Captain's not a-Miss, followed the chief piece. The programme was a capital one, and so well sustained that we are glad to see it is announced for repetition this evening. CHEAP POSTAGE -The London Times gives the following interesting facts and figures illustrative of the working of cheap postage and multiplicity of deliveries:-"At Christmas, 1864, the population of the United Kingdom was so nearly 30,000,000 that probably those figures express almost the exact truth at this moment. The numbers were 29,710,077 having been 29,569,364 in 1863; so that if we allow for a proportionate increase in 1865, we shall get as close to the round sum as possible, The inhabited houses were 3,893,991, having increased during the year by nearly 10,000 in London, and 30,000 in the rest ol the kingdom. The total number of letters delivered to the inhabitants of these houses in the year 1864 was 679,084.822, and this, which is the culminating piece of Post Office statlstics, undoubtedly expresses a very wonderlul fact, in France, for instance, with a larger population total deliveries are under 300,000,000, and even in America, with its free, educated, and enterprising people, they are barely 470,000,000 Yet, if we could analyse this masasof correspondence we should probably be surprised at the results. It appears to us, from such glimpses of the facts as the report affords, that the great multiplication of letters is in what is termed the district service of large towns, and above all,in the metropolis, for whereas the letters delivered in the whole of England and Wales, London excepted, were but 390.000,000, they were 170,000,000, in London alone. It is in this immense capital, where, though we are all inhabitants of one city, we are neverthe less, all out of each others reach, that letters are made to do so much work for us. The Post Office is every man's servant, carrying small messages at all hours of the day. There are not nearly so many letters written in all Scotland and Ireland together as in the London district. Nothing like so many are despatched to all .the States of the Continent and all our colonies. We believe this to be the grand secret not only of the present but also of the fature prosperity of the Post Office. The practice of employing the Post for small purposes of hourly communication will prolbably creep into all our towns in proportion as deliveries are multiplied It prevails more or less even now wherever there is more than one delivery, for nothing is cheaper or more convenient than to get an errand promptly done for a penny. Orders for the day can be sent to tradesmen, and a very considerable part of the work of a household transacted, through this agency. It is not the old-fashioned correspondence that has increased with the Penny Postage, in fact we should be disposed to doubt whether the ancient fashion of letter-writing between friends, young ladies excepted-has not rather declined than extended itself in this busy age. It is in the small brief communications arising from our daily needs that the Post Office has found its modern sphere of action, and is likely, as we think, to expand it. A NEW ANAESTHETIC---Dr. Bigelow of Boston announces that he has procured a new anaesthetic which he calls rhigolene, and is a preparation of petroleum and naphtha, boiling at 70 deg.Fahr, and having a specific gravity of 0.625. Dr. Bigelowe was led to make his experiments by Dr. Richardson a production of anaesthesia by freezing, through the agency of ether vapour reduced to 6 deg. below zero. The petroleum liquid easily depresses the mercury to 19 deg. below zero, freezing the skin with certainty in five or ten seconds, Dr. Bigelow says that the rhigolene is more convenient and more easily controlled than The freezing mixtures hitherto employed. Being quick in its action, inexpensive, and comparatively odourless, he thinks it will supersede ether or chloroform' for small operations, in private houses. It is not adapted for large operations, a first congelation being evanescent, and a continued or general congelation rendering the dangers of frost bite mortification imminent. 