THE PHILADELPHIA MUHDE II. Philadelphis, Mondiiy, May 7,1860. Probst has made a full confession to his priest of al I tho murders of the Deering family/commencing will Cornelius Carey, thc hired boy. . He had no accomplie* in his bloody work. I,. The Evening'Telegraph publishes the confession o; Prosbt. After describing the murder of the bo; I Carey, he says:-" The sight of the blood of the boj ' produced in mea devilish and bloodthirsty, feeling, am 'I determined at once to murder the whole'family,' Ile 'disposed of thc, body of the ..boy, as1 describe! before, and then deliberately walked over to the house He entered and told " Charlie," tho little boy next ii years to ''Willie," who was absent, that he wantei bini tb help him do some work in thc barn. Tho little fellow followed him; and as aoon'aa he got him insidt thc barn door he despatched him with a small axi he hid secured. Ho then went back to the house and told Mrs. Deer ing there was something the matter with one of cows and he wanted her to come to the barn. She went and he followed, and as soon as she entered ho struck Iiei on the head and killed her. He then went back to the house and brought thc children out one at a time, and taking them inside the barn despatched them, one hy one, with thc same axe. In each instance he cut their throatsand placed theil bodies in the corn-crib himself, just in the position they woro found. He then covered the bodies up and pro- ceeded to wipe out all evidences of hts guilt. Ho then went back to thc house and awaited the arrival pf, Mr. Deering, not expecting that Miss Dolan would'accompany him. . ... As soon as Mr. Deering arrived in tho carrugc begot out, and Probst told him that something was wrong with oho of tho cows, and asked him to go over to. the barn with him. Mr. Deering went along with him, and Miss Dolan went into the house, and look olf lier bonnet and furs. Mr. Deering .did not even take off bia gloves before going to the barn,j but proceeded (hore at once, followed by Probst, .who had tho axe con- cealed, ready for usc. As soon as Mr. Deering entered the door Probst states that he struck him in thc head and felled him to thc earth and then chopped at his neck with the edgo of the axe. Miss Dolan was thc next mid last victim. She pro- ceeded to thc barn, after coming down stairs and not finding any of thc family in the house, and Probst who was in waiting for her, treated her ns he had done the rest of the family. After laying out thc bodies and covering them up with hay, tho murderer went into tho house, and commenced searching for valuables. He states he got no nioncy but expected to secure a considerable amount. He states that Miss Dojun'i pocket book had very little in it. He says nothing whatever of thc two SO dollars. couipounding-intorcst notes and 20 dollar bill of thc same character, thal were missing. Hu re- mained about the houjo tor some1 time, picked up the articles found in, tho, black valise, and left about dark. His further movements were pretty much as brought out on tho trial, and wbieh are patent to the minds of the whole community. Protist states that he would have confessed to all the murders before, but he, feared that if he did so he would bc torn to pieces by thc mob. | 1 he confession of Probst is phonographioally reported by thc Inquirer. Thc Tauts agree mainly with the report already sent. Ho Bays bo had no thought of committing the murder at thc time of living with Deering, but calculated on robbing him of the money which'he had seen him'counting. Hu came to. this country in 1SC3 itt tho ship. Columbus from Bre- men, and never did anything'wrong in Germany. His father and mother arc still living al Baden. Ho is Hi years old. Ho enlisted twice and deserted, first in thc 41st New York, hud-then in thc 6th Cavalry. He p'anncd every day to get Deering'« money, but never tind a chance. Ho says: My first p'an was to kill him and get Ibo money ¡ I could not get thc money any other wnj ¡ I thought ol' I killing thom at the house as they came down in tho 1 morning; I got the axe sometimes ready for them when . thoy , came, down evenings. I got some good chimoes, but my heart failed me." After describing tho manner of murdering Cornelius Carey and Mrs. Deering and her children, ho çivo tho fo'lowing explanation of the killing of the infants : "Then I went over to the house ana took Annio and told her tliat'Jier mother wanted to see her in thc stables. She did notsày à word. Then I took the little baby; I took it ou my arin ; the little girl walked alongside of me. I left the little baby on the first comer as you go into the stable, playing in thc hay. Then I went to the same placo where I killed thc others. She looked around Uko for her mother who was in the hay She did not say anything. I knocked her down at tho first blow, and out her throat samo as the others. Then I went back and got the little baby.and struck it on tho head in the same place there. I hauled them into the same.place." After describing tho killing Deering and Miss Dolan, tho fiend says he took out Mr. Deerit.g's pocket- book, but only got 17 dollars, including a counterfeit 3 dollar note. He saw nothing in Miss Dohm's pocket-, book but postage stamps He was not lying now: ' He thought they had much money. After securing other articles, revolver, ic. (afterwards found in his posses- sion), he washed and dressed himsc)f putting Deering'» clothes on, anil eat some bread and butter. Tho scoundrel frequently laughed while detailing' his con- fession ofthese horriblo crimes. CASTLES IN ins Am.-As wo wero crossing tho high plateau of Ka (lau Kir, which forms part of Usti jort, running , towards thc north-east, the horizon was , often adorned with the most beautiful Fata Morgana. This phenomenon is undoubtedly to be seen in tho , greatest perfection in the hot, but dry, atmosphere of the deserts of Central Asia, and affords the most splendid optical illusions which one can imagine. I was always enchanted with these pictures of cities, towers, and castles dadoing in thc air, of vast caravans, horscmon engaged in combat, and individual gigantic forms' whleh continually disappear from one place .to reappear in another. Aa for my nomad companions, they regarded tho rinighbourjioods ' where these phenomena are observed with no little awe. Aocording to their opinion these are the ghosts of men and cities which formerly existed there, and now at'certain timbs roll'about in the air. Nay, our Kervah bashi asserted that he also saw the samo figures in the same places, and that' we ourselves, if we should be lost in the' desert, would after a term of years begin to hop about and dance in ' the air over tho spot where we had perished. .-Arminius Vambery. 