MR HOUGH'S READING OF MACBETH. According to announcement, Mr Hough gave, in the Mechanics' Institute, last evening, a reading of Shakespeare's tragedy of Macbeth. His name as a reader has been well established in Bendigo, the press of which has given many commendatory notices, and at Chewton, where he has twice appeared, lie proved that the com ments upon him were not mere flatteries, but well deserved. It might have been thought that the taste for fine reading had been stimu lated by the late efforts of amateurs, andthat a professional coming on the boards with an ac knowledged prestige, who was devoting a third of the proceeds to the Benevolent Asylum, would have brought forth a large audience ; but it is with sorrow we have to state that the attend ance was wretched, although those who came were Highly delighted frith the treat provided. It has been already noticed that Air Hough possesses a good figure, a melodious voice of good compass, a quick eye, with a keen appreciation of his author, so that physically and mentally he has all the elements required in a first-class reader. When to these are added culture, study, and gesture, all of which he has attended to, it is not too much to say that the reading of Macbeth last night was the reading of a master in the .art. ; From the opening of the play where the three witches are engaged at their incantations, he showed, by a flexible physique and a skilful management of the voice, that he was equal to the difficult task he undertook. He merely used the-book as a prompt, so that he was at" full liberty to render, without restraint, the; various characters introduced. Alany passages might be enumerated illustrative of Mr Hough's power, such as those wherein ho exhibits the intensity of Lady Macbeth in the first act reading the' letter from her husband, her hor rible promptings, her indomitable will, and cruel daring nature. The soliloquy of Alacbeth in the 7th scene, beginning with — "If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well," was finely given, and the impassioned words of Lady Alacbeth where, nerving her lord to the murder of Duncan, she say s, "I have given suck, and know how tender 'tis to lore the babe that milks me ; I would, while it was smiling in my face, have plucked my hippie from his boneless gums, and dash'd the brains out, had I so sworn as you 'have done to this," were given with such force as to call forth applause from every part of the house. The dagger sceue, the fearful imagin ings of Alacbeth after the murder, tlie banquet where Banquo's ghost appears, were all rendered in the most artistic style. It is to bo hoped that Mr Hough will be persuaded to give another reading during the week, as it so frequently happens that the Castlemaine audiences, turn out in greater force when they know they will hear something worthy. He gives a third of last night's proceeds to the Asylum, and as the Hospital is now so much in . want of funds, its collector might obtain a similar benefit if he ap plied for it, and by having the readings under the patronage of the committee, a house should be got together which would recompense Air Hough, and benefit the charity mentioned. Mr Hayden relieved Air Hough twice during the evening by reading, in his accustomed able style, the Bridge of Sighs, and the Execution of the Marquis of Montrose. 