' i ? - : : " MELBO URNE. ; (From oi(r ov,'ii Correspondent.) 3 ; Wednesday, Jan. 24. . ? I:1. Who will bo returned in the third batch o£ elections? That is just now the all absorbing question.. Speculation, already runs High, and excitement will run still higher on Monday. : Let us glaneo down -tlni list-and detail the probabilities Kyfcs and Levi are regarded as the coming men for East Melbourne, thus giving one 'Ministerialiind one Opposition member. Blackwood .and Donovan seem to be . in fivour with tho western portion of the city. Burttand Harbison;;both Ministi".-. rialists, are;" safe for North Melbourne. -The Richinohdites are coufldeut of re turning their t\yo old members, I'ran'o s aM ^Yardr"PP {,-Mc Francis is, in fact, safe, but. Wardro'p is not so secure; Mr Lai is will take away many;votes and Mr Griffiths will,' assist..in ' the operation, Colling wood has: sir candidates for three seats ; I venture to predict that they will be: placed somewhat as follows on the poll;-Df ilmbliug. _UeevS3i Edwards, Harker, Jobsoni. (iir Berry is virtually out- of -tlie -race?-as' he is a candidate for the Murray Boroughs, where he stands a far better chance than at; Collingwood.) The uontcst-f'Vr thjrd place will be a very cldjse ;cihe,:'aiid'it is just possible that Mr barker, although a free trader, will'bo returned.; his high personal character and claims will secure him a very inany votes, apart; frp.m ' his. political views,' "i'.At Jiitnerald' Hill the Ministerial candidate, Mr Mason, is regarded as safe. At Sand ridge,; the.;contest between Messrs D. Moore and "NY. H. Qresbam will be hot; the same remark applies to Williamstown, but tlie impression there ' iq that Air Verdon will be victor. At St. Kilda tii)0 opposing camp3 are each alike confident of victory; bnt the friendsof the opposition candidates (Messrs Bunny and Snowball) appear to haye done all they can to "deserve success" by cnergetia and systematic work. It is almost a certainty that the Ministry will loso one seat here, and probably that will bo the one recently hold by tlie Hon. A. Micliie, The Hon. Attorncy-Qeneral will probably defeat \Yilberforee Stephen, at i3righton, and Ooise will defeat GVllagfiati (a free trader) for the Eiat Bourke Boroughs. Messrs Corcoran and Jones will most likely go iu for Ballarat East. I Yale and Cooper will probably corn? in for Jinllarat West, and Duncan Gillies, one of the most rising and useful men who has s:it in the House for several sessions, will lie ousted. These arc the probabilities ; but in this case I hope I may be mistaken. Mr Ireland will succeed MrO'Shanassy in therepresentation of Kilinore. AtKyncton that learned young Irishman, Myles Garrett Byrne, does not stand a ghost of a cliance against K. B. Tucker, the old and tried representative of the constitu ency. At Castlemaino the list of candi dates is, as Punch says, too "too lengthy for our space." Bindon and Farrell are safe; but who will be third man,-whether i Baillie, Carpenter or Patterson it is im possible even for "your own" to guess.] What an olla podrida of candidates! For Sandhurst the chances are that Mr Howard will be defeated, he declines to canvass the district, having issued his address and met the electors at two public meetings, ho leaves theresultin the hands of the "freo and independent," and that result will probably be that he will be at the bottom of the poll. Air Graham Berry will, it is believed, defeat Mr P. Hanna for the Murray Boroughs. Punch facetiously announces that Mr Berry "has disturbed the harmony of the electors by opposing their P.-I/anna (piano) 1" The chances of Mr J. D. Wood at Warrnam bool are not equal to those of his opponent, Mr W. Plummer. Mr Aspinall will, it is almost certain, defeat the Kev (?) David Blair at Portland. I believe there is no good ground for the rumour that Mr J. Thos. .Smith, M.L.A., will be nominated as Speaker of the new Assembly. The hon. Mr Haines, M.L.C., is still in a dangerous state. The health of the Hon. J. O'Shanassy has considerably improved. A good joke is just now being retailed in legal circles. It is understood that the Hon. George Higinbotham looks for ward complacently to the day when he will be chief justice of the colony. In the event of Sir W. Stan-all's death, " honest George" would be his successor by virtue of his office. . But there is no prospect of Sir William's dissolution ; so the " conscientious" Attorney General must rest content, and ride his hobby of a " strong government" for a little while longer. Already Mr Higinbotham regards their Honors the Judges as " officers of his department." When he quits the Grown Law Offices, and the present Chief Justice has quitted the bench, whose " officer" will George be. It is understood that the alleged con spiracy case at Daylesford will be re investigated. Strong representations have been made to the hon- Minister of Justice on the subject. It must he remembered, however, that ono of the accused, Mr J. H. Wheeler, M.L.A., is a ministerial sup porter. The fact that any man is such is supposed to cover (in Ministerial eyes) "a multitude of sins."' Mr Alfred Dickens, son of Charles Dickens, the celebrated writer, arrived in the colony some months ago. It was then rumoured that he was to have the appointment of Associate to Mr Justice Barry. This turned out to be unfounded, and Mr Dickens accepted a temporary appointment in the Argus office. Mr Dickens lias now (from choice) accepted an engagement on a station in New South Wales. The contrast between the early lives of the father and son is striking. Mr Dickens senier, reporting the midnight councils of the greatest nation on earth, and the son living in the enormous wilds of the antipodes, in a new climate, and surrounded by animals and vegetation which are only read of at home, and possibly in riding costume which would be considered-to say the least of it-rather singular in .Rotten Bow. The Age to-day attempts, in a very clumsy manner, to throw ridicule and discredit on the positive statement made in yesterday's Argus concerning the Governor's inevitable recall. The Age may gnash its teeth, and may try to raise a ory to arouse a mob, but the fact remainB unaltered-that the Imperial Government, the British pres?, and saga cious English statesmen, condemn in the strongest terms the'conduct of both the Governor and his advisers. 