1-MB^¥î.!lPItAN|C([S TRAIN AND THE ..vt. r!.. .", . FENIANS. ". . v..;, ?> t, - rrijjjg gentleman, who is not unknown ti , '"fame in Melbourne, has been distinguishing himself! lately in conucotion with tho Feuiai : movement, in a most extraordinary manner '' ¡The committee appointed to organise the mas; ; ,! meeting of the Fenian Brotherhood, to be heh at Philadelphia on tho IGth, have invited Mr George Francis Train to attend, and Mr. Trail > has roplied in a vory characteristic letter The New York Daily Nows puts the lette ? before its readers. Mr. Train's lotter is prin . cipally made up of soraps of poetry. Hi . .?'?? opens with tho following : [ 'V'ïrttUo Ireland, great in story, mother of immorta .men, ".. Great in'courago, great in glory, doar to Freedom* ..' ."tongue and pon I If English lords combino to brave thee, Irish heart "willdare tho fight: Irish hands will dicto savo thee-Ireland strong ii Irish right, Ireland ovor nil, "Whatsoe'er bofall : If wo fight or die, Iroland over all. " Yes, and no. No this week and next, bul yes on Monday-tho 16th. Can you get th« Academy? Tho Congress of Fenian oraton meet in, Philadelphia on that day. You should take two thousand dollars that night. Foi liberty or death-don't forget. I am not a ' Fonian, but a long-tried friend of your race ' and country. Thc Fenian Brotherhood will, of course, keop out of our partisan politics. O'Mahony told mo, two years airo, that most " Irish leaders had failed by mixing up Ameri- can politics with Irish nationality ; and as Roberts told them tho other night at the Cooper Institute-any member of tho Order "' iisingits funds, or its power, for political pur- poses, ought to bo kicked out So consider my speech national, not sectional, and do not expeot mc to touch upon your state or local elections. Tho stenoh of decaying poli- ticians of the Baltimoro, Cleveland, and Chicago conventions aro still offensive to thc air. When the revolution of American inde- pendence closed, in 1783, Europe, a few years later, was thrown into convulsions that lasted ' for twenty years. You remember Emmet and thc men of Ninety-ohjht ? Our revolution over, England's will commence. Before, they waited six years. Now, six months seem long. England has got tho nightmare. Death, on tho pale horso, is at her door. .Bancho's ghost will not down. Did you hear- the old harlot laugh tho other day ? How her teeth rattled. You can hear her bones shake by every mail. That laughter is unnatural, for it is over tho grave of our outraged nation." -After quoting a few passages of the "viper of tho West," Mr. Train continues-" If men drilling with sticks, in the night time, can "frighten her so, what will they do when rifles are used in broad daylight ? The Saxons say there is nothing in the Celtic movement. Then why put battalions under arms and send war-ships along tho Irish coast? If the pickets cause such a fight, for God's sake what will happen when O'Mahony gives the order for tho army to move." Mr. Train hore again burst into verso, and having thus relieved himself of tho pressure of his enthusiasm, is ablo to resume tho calmer style of prose. " Philadelphia is printing the bouds of the Irish Republic ; why not take a leaf from modern history ? Sond over ono hundred thousand dollars to London. Give a banquet at the Confederate head- quarters, and place the bond under tho plato of Delano, Spence, Sampson, Brestford, Hope, and Lord Palmer- ston's private secretary. These honest news- papers would sell England quicker than thov would their own nockets. Jîo sure and hail that English patriot Spence, the Liverpool tin mer- chant; then give Lindsey thc chartering of Irish transports ; give Laird an order for Irish rams ; give Gregory tho Parliamentary agency; make Alexander Baring (tho Union represen- tative of the American Government) chair- man of tho Irish Independent Association, and then everything will ho in accordance to international law. Ireland fights for inde- pendence, England for empire. Major-Genc ral-wants strong men when he marches on *****. Admiral-needs strong sailors when the fleo ts ruu thc blockade ? 0f ****. Good bye, with a cheer for the Irish girls and Irish boys of Philadelphia. "LittIo Island, first ia science, first in letters, first in fame, Truth's example and reliance, brave, and worthy of tho name ! : Other nations truth aro spurning, rite, and fall, nud pasa away ; I roland, with her lantern buming, stauds superior to- day. Ireland over nil, ?\Vhosoo'r bofall ; If wo live or die Ireland over all " All right for Monday, tho lGth " And the gentlemen to whom this docu- ment has bcon addressed gravely thank Mr. Train for his patriotic vindication ot their cause, and accept his proffered assistance. 