JOTTINGS ABOUT TH E HUON. (The * Australasian.’ April 7.) When Europe, Asia, Africa, and America were either under the sea, or ju st slowly making their way out of it, Australia, if we are to believe the geologists, was already an established institution,and the'newest o f peoples are inhabiting the oldest of lands. Hence it is that nature with ua is so odd— that the trees look like widows bewitched, that the opossums aud kangaroos carry their children in natural watch-pockets long after otheranimals turn their’s adrift,that cherries grow with the stones outward,andthat all the physical world, in a word, is turned topsy-tarvy. Certainly there is nothing so striking to a stranger knocking about tbe Ausixalias as the contrast between the glare aud rawness of the newly-amved two-footed liflniMim of the so il, and the impertubable massiveness, strangeness, and gloom of a real Australian wilderness. The only expression of the sensation of the effect of the litter that we can give is, that it impresses us like the Pyramids, conveying just the same oppressive sense of perpetuity, of something without a beginning, and that is never to have an end. We can perfectly believe the gum trees to have existed before th e flood. They look as if they had been born in the time of the pre-Adamite giants. Théy live in tbeir own solemn existences, and bave little other life among them. A European foreBt, however dense, is always full of life. The tall oaks, beeches, and firs shelter under their green boughs a carpet of wild flowers, and are mnsical with the chirping and warbling of the happy birds, flitting at will from spray to spray. Here and there open vistas of glades and patches of turf, upon which we could readily fancy Oberon and Titania disporting themselves in the English moonlit nights. We should certainly not fancy Oberon and Titania taking their voluntary amusement in any Australian forest of our acquaintance (and we have known very many), though we could readily believe in the presence of any. number of phantoms and ghosts. This, of course, is not true of a ll The sassafras is a cheerful tree—the mimosa in blossom is a beauty. Where these predominate the gloom is dispelled. Where tire colonist has settled down, and the axe has done its work, the brightness of the young plantations sets off even the dark lining of the surrounding bush. Nor does the normal nature of the wilderness predominate everywhere. Nothing, for instance, can be brighter than much of the exquisite scenery of Queensland, than that wonderfully beautiful region of New South Wales, Illawarra, which is simply the Undercliff of the Isle of Wight amplified in the length and breadth, as lovely, but far more grandiose. Nothing can be brighter than the course of the Derwent, or finer than the Gipps Land ranges, or prettier than some bits of the Yarra, or more scenicaUy picturesque than Port Jackson, or— how many more shall we quote ? Still there are regions and regions in Australia which are very grand, perhaps, but haunt the imagination with the idea of something abnormal and unnatural—such as we can see in no other quarter of the world. They appear to be always in mourning. They are utterly lifeless, and life is life, an unanswerable proposition. They are to be found in many parts, but generally we must go far south for them. The damper the climate grows, the denser the vegetation ; the higher the trees, the more entangled the creepers ; till we get to a region where twilight reigns at midday ; where animal ’life becomes almost extinct, and nothing but the rush of a torrent and the mournful sighing of the imprisoned breeze breaks on the otherwise unbroken silence. Such is the western half of Tasmania, or Noman’s-Iand, which, from the creation to the present time, has kept its dark secrets impenetrably to itself, and the interest of the Huon is that it lets us drift comfortably into some of the secrets of Nature's Prison-house. It is something to be able to go in a jolly good steamer to a jolly good hotel, to be fed up at cost prices on fish, fowl, cutlets, and civility gratis, aud to know that, if we please, we can leave our bones in an impenetrable wilderness a dozen miles oflj simply because, if we were fools enough to get into the wilderness without a guide, we should never get out of it alive. Per Cullodeu steamer we can do or risk all this, and as a new sensation is worth anything in this blase world, we will jot down some of the remembrances of a week or two on the Huon. We are on the Huon, but though the noble stream has its head somewhere or other, (where nobody exactly knows) in what we have dubbed “ No- man’s-laud,” there is certainly not much of the wilderness about Franklin, nor much of the wild about host Chesterman and his pleasant wife, in the comfortable inn where we are sitting, boots off cigar in month, and feeling perfectly jolly. (N.B.— The above solemn commencement was written before dinner, aud the sequel after it, which makes all the difference). The very pleasant day, as we write, has just come to a pleasant end, which makes us feel amiable, and inclined to look upon Franklin as a smoking Liverpool, the Huon as an undeveloped Wye or Moselle. It Is a question which is the best side from which to see the estuary of the Derwent, the left or right, steaming, that is, for Port Arthur or for the mouth of the Huon. As for the start, of course there can be no two opinions on that subject Mount Wellington is always Mount Wellington, except when it puts on its nightcap of clouds. There are a good many hundreds of thousands of bigger mountains in the world, but very few indeed that, for its height; can compete with its panoramic position. The top once gained is a treeless rock-bestrewn waste, looking fraught with evil. But what a view below ! A mountain— land and ocean—world unrolled. Highland upon highland, rolling in huge billowy lines into the far interior; among them and beyond them, everywhere sea — the salt sea brine, slumbering among cornfields, and bathing garden-circled villages, and prisoned among brown pitiless hills, and swelling into deep magnificent sounds that sweep into the embrace of the far-circling ocean. The eye, from this point, takes in a radios of about sixty miles, and looks over onethird of the island. However, it was not with Mount Wellington up in the clouds that we bad te do as we steamed out in the Culloden, but with what ho would do with us out on the salt sea waves. Cook; the great, was right when he called this estua.y Storm Bay. These high steep mountains on the edge of the ocean breed wind more surely than any Lapland witch, and in much larger measure. The moment the table-cloth appears on the top of Mount Wellington look out for squalls; and they are: squalls. Tbe wiud comes down from its mountain eyrie as if it had been dis-' charged from an Armstrong six-hundred pounder, and pitches into the water like a cannon-ball To-day, however,. Æolus, god of winds, was propitious. It was a bright Tasmanian day, and a bright Tasmanian is like no other day, anywhere else, n o tin Sicily, not in Madeira. The air was like drinking a kiss, perfectly diaphanous, so that the cots and cattle miles off seemed close at hand, and as fragrant as if it had been previously Bteeped in a mild decoction of roses, violets, and lilies. The Culloden is a respectable old boat, safe and comfortable, neat though not gaudy, and the captain is a trump. From Hobart Town quay to the entrance of the channel, which cuts off Bruni Island from Tasmania, is about a dozen nautical miles, and all the way the great mountain bears us company, as we steam slowly along, for the old Culloden. is not good for murii more than eight knots, and as we keep close in shore, the most lovely Combes and Chines, as they call them in the Isle of Wight, are seen opening out into the recesses of the mountain interior. Then there comes a narrow neck of water, flanked by bluff basaltic cliffs, and we glide into the smooth waters of D ’Entrecasteaux Channel, in which we are to glide for the next forty niles. D’Entrecasteaux, Bruni, Huon—how odd all these names sound now among us transported Anglo- Saxons. They date from rbout eighty years back, at the time when the great revolution of France had not as yet destroyed her magnificent naval resources ; when she had «till St Domingo, and was running England hard for the empire of the seas. How little, when D’Entrecasteaux sent his ships into the narrow channel which Cook twelve years before had missed, could he have dreamed that the wild shores where he landed his men in a wilderness were destined to belong to a nacent confederation of states which may in the long run out- balance Europe. Bruni Island, however, has not as yet got on very far in the race of civilisation. It is a queer “ location,” as the Yankees would call it, and particularly queer people live on it. On of the queerest, but among the very best, is old Captain L, (every one is a captain in Australia), but he deserves his honorary title, for his oddities hurt no one, and his genuine kindness and pluck benefit every one about him. H e has seen strange scenes as Government Pilot, and spoken strange word3, and done strange things, as far as courage goes, that few men would do. When Captain Toup Nicholas ran into the Derwent with the Vindictive, an old seventy-two rased into a fifty, as the fashion was in those days, he had to lie off and on for three days, the wind blowing great guns, for want of a pilot, old L, very naturally objecting to swamp his boat. When L. at last appeared to take His Majesty’s frigate up channel, he was received with a storm of quarterdeck abuse. “ Why the d-------, sir ” said the gallant and angry captain, who, as Sam Slick terms it, used to swear a few , “ did you not sight the frigate! You must be blind as a bat, sir,” “ Beg pardon, captain,” said the unabashed L., “ I did sight her three days ago, but I took her for a whaler !” L. had had pretty good reason only a short time before for his not going out in a gale in an open boat even to help Captain N icholas and his Majesty’s frigate. He had put out with three men and a boat to board one of the aforesaid whalers. The sky and sea were all serene, when “ Storm Bay” vindicated its name. Down came the gale from the mountain, over went the boat, and under went the men. The next sea righted her, hut she was drifting from the land faster and faster, and the sun was down. “ Good bye, boys,” said f,., “ I shall swim for it.” He had four miles to swim, but he did it, and arrived at midnight at his domestic retreat in the costume of our primeval parents before fig-leaves were invented. The others were never heard of. The old nautical veteran has, we rejoice to know, a love of a house in quiet Bruni Bay, where long may ho flourish, for he is a thorough good fellow. It is, after all, not a bad end tor an old salt to get out of the wear and tear of winds and waves into a very pretty cottage, covered with roses and verbenas, with the quiet land-locked bay, plenty of fish, plenty of sheep, plenty of gold, and a good and pretty young daughter to look after you. Good bye, good old man, and long may you flourish ! Lut here comes a boat across our bows and nearly under our paddle-wheels. They ought to know better, for they have been at nothing else for the last ten years but coming off As they came close up to us what a queer looking lot they are. Are they men or are they women? That extraordinary looking being in a conglomeration of coat, petticoat, and blanket, to what sex does it belong ? Its cast-mahogany features at the first glance are unintelligible, but when troublesome Jack, as we dabbed him (the second mate), threw a joke to it, the metallic features opened into a grin, and it turned out to be a woman. There were three other such creatures in the boat, and two other beings, who tamed out to be males. Who are they ? They were the last of the aborigines, and in our next we shall have something to say about them. 