INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. -ss.-. [from east si'i-GiAr. ucL*oaicul Several events have operated to cause the ninth match between the New South Wales and Victorian cricketers to be regarded as one of the most interest- ing perhaps the most interesting which has taken place between the two colonies ; indeed, I think I am not exceeding the truth when I say that, at any rate in Melbourne, hardly less excitement his been felt than at either of the matches with the All England elevens ; undoubtedly, it is second only to them. The circumstance that, in the year 186J-the last occasion on which the representatives of the two colonies met on the same cricket field-an unhappy misunderstanding put an end for a time to the annual friendly trials of skill that the last two matches have been club against club, not colony against colony that the loss to us-which has been gain to you-of such men as Caffyn, Cosstick, and Hewitt, have been pretty generally considered to have more than equalised any difference that existed in our favour ; added to the not unnatural wish that, as we have had to succumb to the superior skill of your rifles, we might retrieve our laurels on the cricket field all these have had their influence in a greater or less degree in contributing to this state of feeling. \- There can be no doubt that, with such men as the three I have passed, and with Lawrence and Thompson, and all the advantages which might reasonably be supposed to have been derived from the coaching of the two All-England cricketers, and the practice of your men off the reputed best professional bowler in the Southern Hemisphere, we had a formidable array , against us, and accordingly the betting has been in some instances as much as five to one, in many three to one, on yourselves. In a few cases I have myself heard old cricketers say that " it was not a question of who would win, but whether the Victorians would or would not be beaten, in one innings." On the other hand, Victoria has by no means lacked support, and the odds have been freely taken. Latterly, when it was announced that you were backing yourselves in Sydney at two to one, Melbourne, of course, followed suit. But I think the . preponderance of opinion has been that we had not the ghost of a chance. " A hollow thing, Sir, a hollow . thing!" We were considered over- matched at all points. Such, however, has not been the universal opinion and I confess I have myself never been without a strong hope that we should pull through with credit, if not with triumph, and that to whichever side victory might mean, the conquerors would have their work before them. When the places of such men as V. Cameron, W. Campbell, Simmonds, Wardill, and Yewers could be filled by men who, in the estimation of the appointed judges, were better, it was un- seasonable to suppose that Victoria would not make a good stand against any eleven that the sister colony could bring, and when the names of the eleven were at last officially announced, I must say I considered that they would take a great deal of beating. It was supposed that we were deficient in bowlers. ".' Wills and Conway are all there but if they're collared? What then ?" " Why, there are Turner and Greaves; and what of Wilkie's slows?" "Oh! as to them, Caffyn will make beans of all three." Such was the expressed opinion of no unimportant portion of our cricketing men ; while you had Cosstick, and Caffyn, and Thompson, and Lawrence, with Gregory and Jones on whom to fall back if necessary. In batting, on the whole perhaps opinion was more equally divided. We had Gibson, and Greaves, and Phillips-all stickers-Kelly "the little wonder," Fowler, and Rees, Conway, Wills, and O'Mullane ; not one but was pretty safe to trouble the scorers ; while you had Caffyn, and Lawrence, and Thompson, and Hewitt, Gregory, Kellick, Jones, and Sam . Cosstick ; all these were known to be stiff bats, so that altogether it seemed to me to be anyone's game, and assuredly not five to one, or two to one either on any side I at all events not till after the commencement of the game. The weather which, until the close of last week had been for some days cold, and wet, and windy, " suf . fered a recovery on Christmas Day, which was as fine as if it had been especially bespoken for the occasion. Hardly a cloud speckled the soft blue over- head, and the heat of the sun was tempered by a gentle cool breeze from the South. The opening day of the match saw this continued. The turf was in capital order, as smooth as a bowling-green, and everything gave assurance of an excellent game, Wills was elected captain of the Victorian eleven, a compliment which he fully deserved ; it would have been no easy matter to have found anyone so fully qualified on all points to fill a post of such responsibility. Lawrence commanded the New South Wales \- teams'. The former spun a sovereign for choice of innings. Lawrence won, and elected to send his men in first. Accordingly, with unusual and most com mendable punctuality, exactly as the hour hand pointed to noon, the Victorians, in white flannel ' dresses, with blue ribbons round their hats, took their places in the field, O'Mullane at the wicket ; Kelly, point S Phillips, long stop ; Turner and Rees, long , leg and cover j Conway, bowling ; Wilkie and Wills , in the slips ; Greaves, short leg; Fowler, mid- off and Gibson, third son. Caffyn and Kellick wore the first to appear at the wickets. Driver and Wisden ' were umpires and Martyn and Hipwell scorers. THE MATCH. First Inxinos or New South Wales. FIRST Dat. Tuesday, 20th, December, 1865. Conway delivered the first ball from the south end . to-Kellick, who cut his second for two and drove his last for two more. A bye was run. off T "Wills' first, his second O'Mullane fancied touched , Caffyn'S bat ; he caught it and appealed, but Caffyn was given "in. This was a maiden over, off the first of Conway's 2nd over a leg bye was run. His second Kellick cut in the slips ; it was fumbled by Gibson, '!, and a single was scored. The third Caffyn slipped for one and the last Kellick made rather a fluky hit in the same direction for one. The second of Wills' 2nd over Kellick played to short leg for one, as he did also with the second of Conway's 3rd over. The last ball. of this over O'Mullane had a chance of stumping Caffyn, but failed to hold the ball. The first of Wills' 3rd ,, struck Kellick, and hurt him severely; he was not long, however, before he recovered sufficiently to continue the game ; but Lawrence undertook to run for him. The next ball he cut past point for one off the first of Conway's 4th he scored another for a hit to short leg. The last Caffyn cut to point ; Kelly took it neatly, and returned it to Conway, who let the ball slip through his fingers, and a run was got. Wdls' fourth was a maiden. The first of Conway's 5th Kellick drew for a single. Willis' 5th, 6th, and 7th, and Conway's 6th and 7th were maidens. The second ball of the last named struck Caffyn on the knee. Conway appealed, but Caffyn was given "in. The " third of Conway's 8th, Caffyn partly stopped ; it rolled behind the wicket, and was taken by O'Mul \- lane, who, seeing Caffyn had just raised his * foot off the ground, smartly dislodged the bails. Wisden gave him out. Caffyn was unutterably disgusted, and did not believe he was off his ground, but was too good cricketer to dispute the umpire's decision, and left the wickets at 12.35. He obtained " two singles during the 36 minutes he was in Telegraph, 12.15 Thompson took the last of the over 5 but, at the next hall, the 1st of Wills' 8th, he lost his partner Kellick,' ' irf»wasweilCau8ntDy^-euy.atPoint» after having been *" <loubl£nùiUtes, during which he made 11 runs-2 Cosstick 9 singles. Telegraph, 2, 2,15. ' ninth Thoiritedthe vacancy; the 2nd of Conway's % played for another for a single. The 3rd Sam own were maidens; Wills' 9th and Conways 10th . ball of the latter. The SS bye was got at the iMt was a ripper, Sam could donald of Wills loth over levelled his stumps at 12.50 hTmS With it, and it at the wickets, and scored two seemly ten minutes 3,2,19. ""'. Telegraph, Hewitt succeeded and played the last . _.... , ' 10th over to shorts for one. The third of Co WlU,8 '. 11th he hit well to leg, but it was well picked up of returned by Kees, so he only made 1. Wills' 11th it was a maiden. The third of Conway's 12th Thompson, slipped for a single. The first of Wills 12th struck . Thompson on the leg, and a bye was run. The third Hewitt cut for 1 just out of Kelly's reach the third of Conway's 13th Hewitt hit past off for 3. The first of Wills' 13th he hit nicely to leg, but was again prevented by Kees from scoring more than a single. At the next ball Thompson was very neatly caught in the slips by Conway at 12.55, having been twenty-five minutes getting his two singles. Telegraph 4,2,28. Gregory joined Hewitt at one o'clock. The last of Conway's 14th over Hewitt hit to leg through fence for 4. Wills' 14th was a maiden, but his second struck Gregory, who was for a little while unable to continue. his way. Conway's 13th was a maiden. The second of ' Wills' 16th was finely cut by Gregory past cover point through the fence for 4, and the last was played by him to short leg for a single. Gregory made a straight drive off the first of Conway's 16th over for 1. The last of the over Hewitt cut sharply and started to run ; but Kelly had taken and returned the ball very prettily, and Hewitt having slipped and fallen as he turned back very nearly lost his wicket. The first of Wills' 16th Gregory gave Conway a difficult chance in the slips, which was declined. Both bowlers' 17th overs were maidens. A change was now considered desirable, and Turner relieved Conway. In his first over he bowled all the balls to leg, but as Gregory did not contrive to get hold of one a maiden was placed to the bowler's credit. Howitt got a single to leg off the fourth of Wills' 18th over. In putting round to leg at the first of Turner's 2nd over, the ball touched the corner of De Witt's bat, and fell an easy catch into Conway's hands in the slips, ht 1.25. His stay at the wicket was 35 minutes, during which he scored a 4 a 3 and 5 singles. Telegraph : 5, 12, 42. His place was filled by Lawrence, who took the remaining balls, a leg-bye being run for the 2nd ball of the over Gregory hit the best of Wills' 19th to leg for 4 ; the last The cut to cover point for 1. Kees fielding it well The third of Turner's 3rd, Gregory played for a single to mid-off the last Lawrence hit to leg, and being fumbled by Rees a couple were run. The third of Wills' 25th Gregory cut past third man for a single. The first of Turner's 4th, Gregory hit to leg through the fence for 4\. Lawrence slipped the first of Wills' 21st over for 1 ; the 2nd Gregory drew for 2 ; Turner's 5th over was again made up of leg balls, and a bye and leg bye were made off them ; but no hits being made off the balls another maiden was the result. Greeves now relieved Wills, and Gregory hit his 1st to short leg for 2\. Conway here took the ball from Turner, and bowled his 18th over a maiden. . Gregory got 2 and 4 respectively off the 3rd and 4th balls of Greeves' 2nd over. The fourth ball of Conway's 19th over a maiden, just touched the corner of Lawrence's off bale, and gave him notice to quit at 1.44. It was a splendid ball, and Lawrence could hardly believe he had been bowled, and appealed to the umpire. He retained his place for nineteen minutes, during which he made one double and one single. Telegraph, 6, 3, 69. Jones now faced Gregory, who received Wills's 22nd over a maiden. Jones hit the first of Conway's 20th to square leg for a couple. The third ball of Wills's 23rd over Gregory played, and made a very sharp and dangerous run ; but that Wilkie did not return it quite high enough he must have lost his wicket. Conway's 21st over was a maiden bowled to Gregory ; the last of the over again hurt him severely, and prevented the continuance of the play for some time. The first of Wills's 24th was played by Jones, and another very sharp and unsafe run was made ; had the ball been taken clean by Greeves nothing could have stayed the loss of a wicket. It was much too close. It was now 2 o'clock ; the luncheon bell rang, and the players all left for the marquee behind the grand stand. The senseless practice of speechifying and toast drinking was with much good judgment dispensed with, and so at 2.49 play was resumed. The first of Conway's 22nd over Jones sent a ball on its travels towards the sun, but as no one was near enough to receive it on its descent a single was scored. The last Gregory hit prettily to leg; Rees stopped it, but clumsily, and a couple were made. The third of Wills's 25th was well slipped by Jones. There was a little hesitation about making a second run, but through bad fielding they were able to do it. The second of Conway's 23rd, Gregory hit well to leg ; Greeves contrived to prevent its going under the fence and a couple were made. The second of Wills' 26th, Jones drew for 2, the 3rd of Conway's 21th over Gregory skied to mid over, but no one was near enough to take advantage, and a single was obtained ; the last Jones played for another single. The second of Wills' 27th was slipped by Jones and being fumbled by Gibson, a run was scored. Jones played the first of Conway's 25th for one just out of Kelly's reach, Gregory cut the next into the slips for one. The third Jones obligingly offered to Tom Wills, and Tom was far too courteous to decline the favour. He retired therefore at 3.5, having kept up his wicket 32 minutes, and having scored three doubles and five singles. Telegraph 7,11,87. The next man was Curtis. Wills bowled his 28th over, a maiden, to Gregory. Conway's 26th, owing to the smart fielding of Wilkie and Gibson, was a maiden. The first of Wills' 29th to Gregory flew up into the air behind the wicket ; " Catch it," cried Wills ; Wilkie did as he was bid, but it was a case of "much ado about nothing," for Wisden gave Gregory " in." This over was a maiden. The second of Conway's 27th Curtis drove forward past the bowler ; no one was there and Conway started after it, but stopped after running a few steps, and Greeves had to go. This little arrangement enabled Curtis to score 3. The third of Wills' 30th over a leg-bye, was well stolen by Gregory ; the last Gregory hit to leg, and as Greeves was dozing a single was scored. Conway's 28th was a maiden, as was Wills's 31st, but off the first ball of the latter a double was made for a leg-bye, and from the third a bye was capitally stolen by Gregory. Curtis hit the first of Conway's 29th over to leg ; Rees let the ball slip through his hands, and it went under the fence for 4. The second was cut by the same player to cover point ; this was fielded by Turner as if he were pick- ing up a ball in practice ; consequently 3 runs were added to the score. The next ball Gregory played and started to run : Conway picked it up and threw at the wicket ; it missed, and, as there was no one to back up, 3 runs were made. Wills' 32nd was a maiden. Wilkie was now put on with his slows at Conway's end, and not a minute too soon, and bowled a maiden ; but from his third 2 byes were run. Wills' 33rd was a maiden. Curtis played the second of Wilkie'S 2nd over to mid-on for a single, and drew the last of Wills' 34th for a double. Gregory hit the last of Wilkie's 3rd through the fence for 4 to leg. Wills' 35th over was a maiden. The first of Wilkie's 4th was hit high to the on by Gregory ; Rees who had been placed deep on purpose waited with great coolness and judgment and caught the ball, thus at last disposing of Gregory to the no small satisfaction of the Victorians, he having _ played a masterly innings of one hour fifty-one minutes and having made the high score of 43, which included 5 fours 1 three 5 twos and 10 singles. He was the only man of the eleven who, in this innings, seemed able to stand against the bowling. Telegraph, 8,43,114. The vacancy was filled by Oatley, but he immediately lost his companion, who was caught by Wilkie off his own ball. Curtis had been in thirty-eight minutes. His score of 13 was made up of 1 four, 2 threes, 1 two, and a single. Oliver was the last man, and took the rest of the over ; Wilkie's third he played for 2, and his fourth, which Fowler missed, went through the fence for 4. Wills' 36th over was a maiden. At the last ball of this over Oatley gave a difficult chance to Conway, which was not taken. Wilkie's 5th was a maiden. The third of Wills' 37th over Oatley cut past third man for a single, and then made another by driving the first of Wilkie's 6th. The first ball of Wills' 38th over took Oatley's stumps at 3.47. His stay at the wickets had been just seven minutes, and he scored 2 singles. Telegram, 10,2,122. Oliver carried out his bat. ' This terminated the first innings of the New South Wales men with 107 runs got off the bat, and lo sundries. The most noticeable features of the game, so far, have been the very fine play of Gregory j the admirable bowling of Wills which, by-the-way, to a spectator looks monstrously like a throw, but which I suppose is " all right " as no exception was taken to it j the fielding of Kelly at point, which could hardly be better ; the wicket-keeping of O'Mullane, and the long-stopping of Phillips. First Innings Victorians. No time was lost in getting to work again, play being resumed at 4.17. Hewitt took the wicket, Lawrence (the captain) point ; Oatley, long-stop ; Oliver and Gregory, leg and cover j Curtis, short leg; Caffyn, mid-off ; Jones, third man; and Kellick and Thompson, in the slips ; Cosstick bowling from the northern end to Turner, who hit the 1st ball to leg through the fence for 4, Oliver did his best to prevent the ball going, and partially stopped it with his foot, but it glanced off. The last Turner again hit to leg for 2, and was nearly had by Curtis. I Thompson, from the south end bowler to Gibson, who got one for a poke under his leg from his 4th. Gibson made a fine cut off the first of Cosstick's 2nd over for 4 through the fence, Oliver having failed to secure it. The first of Thompson's 2nd over, Turner a toast point for 1 at the third ball 4 byes were run, The ss last ball Gibson cut among the slips, and J J, i!.^"11 was got. Hewitt missed the stumps, GETS. ?vT£;í"y¿s done, but it was much too sharp, in the S 'M into the slips for a single and the third, G-.., t at 6 to short- leg for another., the third of the., 4th over, Gibson again point to Lee for. 2. Thompson's 4th 5th, and 6th ^ maidens, but a bye was got off the first of his 4th. 'at, 3s 6d costs tick's 5th, Turner played past point for a nose The first of Sam's Oth Gibson played to mid-off jiffy let it go past him and 2 were scored ; the second Gibson hit to leg for 2, and the fourth he cut past point for a single. Turner hit the second of Sam's Oth a skier to square-leg ; no one was near enough to take the chance, and 2 runs were made ; the last he hit for 1 past point. Lawrence now went on with his slows ; but, strange to say, with the sun before him, of course, this deprived him of some of the advantage he anticipated, his first was a maiden over. The second of Sam's 7th Gibson played past third man for a single. The last ball of the over was fatal to Turner, who was caught by Gregory at 4.48. He was thirty-one minutes at the wicket and scored 12, by one 4, two 2's, and 4 singles. Telegram, 1 12, 31. | Turner's place was filled by Conway. Gibson drove Lawrence's third for a single, which Conway imitated the next ball. The last of Sam's 8th Conway hit up to mid-on. The ball fell into Curtis's hands, but fell out again ! and instead of losing his wicket Conway gained a run. Conway got one for a poke to leg off the first of Lawrence's 3rd, and Gibson hit his second forward for another. The second of Sara's 9th Gibson found too good for him he was bowled at 4.55, having kept up his wickets for thirty-eight minutes, during which he scored one 4, three 2's, and seven singles, by steady" careful play. Telegram, 2, 17\. 39. C ' ' Kelly succeeded, and a fine display of batting was now looked for. The first ball Sam's 3rd-he hit up to square leg, but no one was there, and he scored 2\. The first ball of Lawrence's 4th, Conway went out to, and missed ; finding the ball had passed him, he made no effort to get back, but on turning round he discovered that he was not the only one who had missed the ball, and making a rush, he succeeded in regaining his ground before Hewitt had time to repair his blunder. Two lives to Conway ! But some men have some one else's luck as well as their own ! Lawrence's third Conway hit to leg for two. The first of Sam's 10th Kelly played prettily forward for 2, but this was all the " Little Wonder " had an opportunity of doing, for, playing the next ball forward, Costick took it and managed to catch it a second time after it had been struck out of his hand by Conway running against him. It was now 5 o'clock. Kelly was in only five minutes for his 4, made up of two doubles. Fowler became Conway's vis-a-vis. and took the remainder of the over. The first of Lawrence's 5th over a leg-bye was run ; his third Fowler played into the slips for 1. The first and third of Sam's 11th played to mid-off for one each ; the second Con- way played to Caffyn, who again let it go past, and scored a single. The first and third of Lawrence's sixth Fowler played quietly to square leg, and made one run for each hit, while his second and fourth were played by Conway, each for one-the former a straight drive, the latter an easy square leg hit. The first of Sam's 12th over Conway sent to square leg for 2 ; the second he cut to cover point for a single ; off the fourth a leg bye was run. From the first of Lawrence's seventh 2 byes were made; Fowler got 1 for a straight drive off his second; Conway played the third for 1, and a leg bye was got off the last. The second of Sam's 13th over Fowler hit to square leg for 2, and drove the third on for 1 another sharp 1 being added for an overthrow. Con- way drove the first of Lawrence's 8th for I, were picked up by Gregory; Bowler also made 1 in the same place, the ball being again capitally fielded by Gregory. The first of Cosstick's 14th over Fowler played to mid- off. Caffyn, who seemed all abroad again, let it go by, and a run was easily made. The second Conway hit up to mid-on ; but his star was in the ascendant, and Curtis wanted to see whether he could eat as well as bowl, and generously again spared his life, in reward for which he made a leg hit under the pavilion for 4 off the next ball. As Lawrence found his slows did not pay, he put Thompson on again. The first ball of this over, which was the 7th, Fowler got one away for a single to leg ; the second of Sam's 15th Fowler skied to mid-on, but no one was there, and a single was the result; the third Conway drew for 3, and the fourth Fowler drove for 2. Thompson's 8th was a maiden. Caffyn now took Cosstick's place to see if he could not dissolve the partnership. Off the last ball of his 1st over Fowler made 2 by nice little wrist play to leg. Conway drew Thompson's 1st for 1 ; the first of Caffyn's 2nd over, Coa way dress for 2 ; his second he cut for 1 ; his third, Fowler poked to lo j for 1 : Fowler quietly poked Thompson's second to leg for a double, and played his last towards long on for a single. The first of Caffyn's 3rd Fowler poked away to leg for a single and Conway followed suit with the third. Nat's nth over was a maiden. Fowler made a fine drive off the second of Caffyn's 4th, beautifully fielded by Gregory, and only 1 was made. Conway hit the third to leg, which Curtis partly stopped, and ran 2 ; a leg- bye was run off the third of Thompson's 12th ; the fourth Conway hit to square leg through the fence for 4 ; Fowler hit the third of Caffyn's 5th to long off for 3 and Conway the fourth to leg for 4. Runs were being made much too fast, and Hewitt was put on with. his slows ; but Fowler hit his first round to leg and ran 4 ; his third he drove, but the ball was again admirably taken by Gregory, and Fowler only scored 1. The third of Sam's 16th over Fowler hit hard to leg, the ball striking the fence of the bowling-green, and scored 4, which he supplemented with 1 for a forward drive off the last. Fowler slipped the third' of Hewitt's 2nd creasingly, but at the first ball of Sam's 17tho»-er this fine player was caught by the bowler, He was in fifty-five minutes, and made 37 runs by a capital display of batting, in which were 2 fours, 1 three, 5 twos, and 46 singles. It wanted but five minutes to 6-the hour fixed for drawing the stumps when Greaves made his appearance, and commenced with a poke to leg for two off the third ball, and for a single off the last. He then made a single off the third of Hewitt's third over by a poke to mid-on and another for a similar poke, the first of Cosstick's 18th over. The third ball 1 Conway placed in Gregory's hands, close to the wicket on the on side, just as the hour-hand pointed to 6 o'clock. He was not dismissed for an hour and twelve minutes, during which he succeeded in running up a score of 30 in which were 3 fours, 4 twos, and 13 singles, but he gave three unmistakeable chances, and played with a most unusual amount of good luck. Telegraph, 5.33, 121-being only one behind the total of the first innings of the New South Wales eleven with the loss of only five wickets. The result of the first day's play surprised us all. None of us were prepared for seeing your cracks all four for twenty-one runs ; still less did we anticipate such indifferent fielding Caffyn and Curtis fielded miserably, and though Gregory showed himself as I admirable in the field as he was at the wicket, and Jones also did well, yet the bulk of the play was much below what was expected. Second Day. Victorian Eleven, This was a very different day from the two previous ones very sultry, and with the wind from the north and sorely tried the endurance of players and spectators alike. The attendance of the latter was much less than on the first day, notwithstanding the reduction of the entrance charge, and the greatly increased excitement consequent on the unexpectedly good stand made by the Victorians against their opponents. Still there was a fair show of lookers-on, though crinolines were decidedly far less proportionably numerous than " unmentionables." The punctuality was pretty fair, though not quite so " thrilling " as on the first day,' when the two first balls were delivered while the scorers, assisted by your correspondent, were occupied in adjusting their table in the scoring tent. At 12.15, play was resumed, Sam delivering the last ball of his over to Phillips, at the wicket vacated on the previous evening by Conway. Thompson bowled his 13th and 14th overs, maidens, to Greaves. Cosstick his 19th a maiden, to Phillips, who put the last ball of Sam's 20th neatly under his leg for 2. Greaves hit the first of Thompson's 15th to mid-off for a double, and poked the third to the on-forward for a single ; he then played the first of Sam's 21st to mid-on for Land then lost his companion-Sam's third having hit Philips on the glove and bounded off into Lawrence's bands, at 12.22. He was expected to make a stand, being reputed and correctly so, a sticker, but he wanted a slice of Conway's luck. He was only in seven minutes, during which he troubled the scorers but once with a double. Telegraph, 6 2, 127. His place was occupied by Bees, who took the remainder of the over. 'flu last of Thompson's 16th over Greaves drove hard over the bowler's head. Thompson made an excellent attempt to reach it, and partly succeeded, but could not hold it, and a single was scored. Greaves drove the first of Sam's 22nd forward for 3 ; Rees got a snick (if his second, which just missed Thompson, or which Thompson just missed, and scored a single in his third Greaves got past cover-point for another. The list of Thompson's 17th over was hit to square-leg by Greaves for 2. The first ball of Sam's 23rd over was exceedingly well stopped by Oatley, but at the second bye was run. Another bye was run at the first of Thompson's 18th. The third ball' Greeves hit forward, and started to run. Rees, who had not followed up as he ought, nor run when called on as he ought, stood still, till Greaves, who had continued running, called out, indignantly, "When I tell you to go-go ; I can see better than you ; " when he at last started, but a run was lost. " Greaves made 2 by a poke to mid-on off the first of Sam's 24th. Gregory now took up the bowling in Thompson's place. Like Turner he bowled at four balls well to leg. Rees, however, failed to get hold of. one) rather an unusual thing for Rees, and accordingly Gregory got the credit of a maiden over. The first of Ulm's 25th Greaves put to leg for 1. The second of Gregory's 2nd over Greave's hit hard to leg. Caffyn was in the way, but found it so hot and let it pass but only one you got. The third of Costick's 26th Greaves played right into Oliver's hands at mid-off but the ball had a greater affinity for the turf at his feet than for his hands-in plain English he missed the catch which could not very well have been an i easier one. The last of the over Greaves drew for a single 