MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. The departments of machinery and itnplements are, perhaps, the most important in this splendid Exhibition, for in a country where manual labour is exceptionally high-priced, contrivances by which it may be economised are exceptionally valuable. Neither are these departments the least interesting. There is a kind of interest in moving and working apparatus that the most beauful and curious of altogether inanimate objects cannot boast, and we expect to find the north wing and the anuexe become the favourite resort, at least for male visitors, while the show continues, and that much useful information will he acquired from observation of the machinery at work there. In noticing the machines and implements exhibited, it will be the most convenient arrangement to begin with the engines which drive the machinery shown in motion. These are two of Clayton and Sbuttleworth's portable engines, lodged under sheds in the north quadrangle. One is of 16 horse power, and its only task is to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into the air a stream of water said to be equal to fifteen tons in a minute, which, falling iuto a basin in the centre of the quadtangle, is again thrown up by the pump so long as the engine is kept in motion, This pumping apparatus is exhibited by Mr Wright, of Little ’ Bsurke-street. Only five or six hone power is required to work the pnmp, so that the engine ] has an easy time of it. The other en» gine is of 20-horee power; and by means of a driving belt carried through the wall, and driving shafts and drums carried along'the roof of the north wing, it gives motion to the several machines to be described. The two engines are shown.by Messrs.Wilkie, Welch, and Co; 4nd the connexions were fitted by the artificers of the Railway department and Mr Wright. Ectering the north (ring a fine collect tion of implements exhibited by Mr F. C. Christy, locomotive superintendent of the Victorian Railways, commands attentinn. First, there is a loom for weaving lubricating pads for axle boxeB of carriages and waggons, both the machine and its product beinn objects of considerable interest. The loom, which is handsome in design and highly finished, was planned and constructed in the railway shops, Williamstown, and it is in opera, tion before the eyes of the visitor making a kind of plush web, something like Brussels carpet in texture, of cotton and woollen warp and cotton weft. The loom, its product, and the use to which th e latter is applied, are all worthy of extended notice, but for that they must wait. Next in order of the railway exhibits is a seven-inch self-acting screw cutting lathe, by Whitworth aud Co, which was yesterday seen in the act of cutting the spiral upon a male screw. Tbe cutting tool is not held in tbe hand of the attendant, but applied by the machine itself. A twelve-inch universal shaping machine, by the same makers, is used for clearing up castings which are to be used in machinery, and which m ust be wrought with the utmost precision. This is a beautiful implement, I t can operate on either flat or curved surfaces, and indeed no casting, whatever its shape, comes amiss to it. Beside it is a hydraulic apparatus for testing steam gauges up to 1801b, 130 being th e highest pressure allowed on the Governmeut railways. Attached to it is a gauge with colonial improvements, being a tell tale index hand, which records the highest pressure to which the boiler has been subjected, and which acts as a check upon drivers. A machine for bending steel rings, by means of a long and strong lever, rather puzzles visitors, as few could tell by its look what the use of it is. The rings so bent retain some elasticity, and being placed round the pistons of locomotive engines prevent the escape of steam by pressing against the sides of the cylinder in their effort to uncoil themselves. An iinj.or-■ ta n t colonial improvement in those rings 1 and in their application, is exhibited. I Also clack aud slide valves, in gun m e tal; a patent self-acting lubricator, which comes into use when trains are on descending gradients, and there is no escape of steam to keep the piston-rod moist; and an ingenious patent injector. But we cannot now spare room to describe them at length. We may mention, however, that the collection is highly creditable to the skill of the mechanics in the Railway department. A nail-making machine, exhibited by Mr Hart, Queen-street, we shall describe when we have seen it in motion. Next to it is a machine, perhaps the most curious of any in the Exhibition. It is a lathe, exhibited by Mr Williams, for turning axe handles, on the American pattern, and everybody knows what unlikely subjects these are for a turning lathe, fcjtill, the thing is done quite simply, aud was done yesterday to the great deiight of many observers. The process is very like that by which pictures are copied in outline, where oue point describes the lines to be transferred, and a marking point, connected with the first, follows its every motion at some little distance, and so inscribes the desired lines. The oddly-shaped axe-handles are turned in something like the same way. The lathe has two sets of chucks, and between the upper set a model handle is fixed. Beneath, a piece of wood of the proper size is placed, between thesecond pair of chucks, and as the shaped handle revolves, it so acts upon the cutting instruments, in contact with the piece of unformed wood, as to produce oat of the second an exact copy of the first. Even the square part of th e handle, which fits into the head of the axe, is thus turned into its proper shape. This is an American machine; and after Beeing it at work it is easy to understand how in that country shoemakers’ lasts and wooden dolls are turned in lathes. Mr Farrell, of Richmond, shows a skin-splitting machine, which performed yesterday with great success. The skin is dragged and pressed against a formidable cutting knife, aud being kept in its place by a revolving cylinder, the two surfaces are cut apart. We saw a tanned (but still wet) hide so split yesterday, and one half again split, with apparent ease and success. It seems one advantage of this process is that tbe piece usually shaved off by the currier and lost, is by its means saved for use, in the form of a second sheet of leather from one hide. A knitting machine by Long and Co, Bourke-street, and a frame knitting machine by Bowiey and Dean, of Latrobestreet, come next in order, and the latter attracted a good deal of notice; it is a stocking-making-machine, improved by the exhibitors on an American model, and in general appearance much more resembles a sewing-machine than an oldfashioned stocking-frame. A stocking was being made by it yesterday, the cotton being drawn from six reels, three containing white and three colored yarn. So far as it goes, the instrument Beema to work speedily and well, but it can only make stocking legs, or rather tubes of cotton, like- large lamp wicks, Length enough for two stockings is knitted, and then the web 'cut in two and feet made out of the leg material— with what success we had no opportunity to judge. Water engines next claim our attention,of which five are exhibited, in motion. First there is a disc engine, exhibited by the patentee and manuiacturer, Mr Wordsworth, of Swanstonstreet. With nsmuch Yan Yean fluid as an inch and a half pipe can supply it with, it is said to be of about three horsepower. It was yesterday engaged in driving a printing machine, and Beeraed to work pleasantly and well, Mr M’Kay, of Collins-street,, exhibits a hydraulic reaction turbine, with patent reflectors; aud a small horizontal engine (three and a half inch cylinder) capable of being easily turned into a steam from a water engine. Mr Henderson, of Little Collins-street, shows a highly ornamental and elegant turbine wheel, which with water supplied through a halMncli pipe will have something like one-horre power. This turbine has three revolving arms, while Mr M’Kay's has hut two. Mr George Dunn, of hmeraldhill, is the inventor and exhibitor of a rotary water-engine, which with a l|in water supply could, he informs us, be of four-horse power. I t lias a reversing ! motion, and was at work yesterday like the others. I Of printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with which Mr Fawkner printed the Patriot in the early days of Port Phillip settlement, looks like a ghost among them. A more remarkable contrast there could hardly be than between this rude and primitive (implement and the clockworklooking machines of the present day, which almost seem as if they could produce newspapers complete with no other help than the turning of a crank handle, Messrs Clarsou and Massena exhibit a double demy machine by Whorfdale, which was seen in motion yesterday, and much admired. Mr F. B. Franklyn shows presses and other material in some variety. Messrs E. Purton & Co are the i owners of an excellent little machine by Woods (an English maker), by which one mau can print 1,500 foolscap sheet in an hour (tbe work of about six men , and six boys with a hand press). The machine is worked with a pedal Mr Calvert also supplies some presses and other materials. But the gem of this collectionisMessrsSandsandM’DougaU’s railway ticket printing machine. It is a really beautiful instrument, and seems to be as good as it is pretty. It prints 10.000 tickets in an hour, numbering them in arithmetical series, and printing numbers on both ends if required. A very pretty spiral screw arrangement gives lateral motion to one inking roller, by which means tbe ink is equally and evenly spread over the roller which comes into contact with the type. It iB self-acting, both as regards feeding and flying, and if any irregularity occurs in the supply of unpriuted tickets, the mach'ne invites the attention of the attendant operator by ringing a bell. The numbering apparatus is simple and effective. There are four revolving wheels, each of which has the numeral types from 0 to 9 arranged in succession on its outer rim, and every time a ticket is printed one of these wheels makes a tenth part of its whole revolution, and so prepares a r.ew number for the succeeding card. This machine was much admired. An imported machine, called “ a devil,” is exhibited by Messrs Tronson and Hill, of Lygon street. It is used for grinding woollen rags for flock. The rags are fed to the machine between fluted rollers revolviug towards each other under strong pressure. Beyond is a 3ft Ciu wooden aylinder, in which are 10.000 steel pins of about three-quarters of an inch long, by which the rags are caught aud torn .asunder, the cylinder revolving at the rate !of 1,000 revolutions a minute. A fan revolving at the rate of 1,809 resolutions a minure, drives off the dust. Very considerable power is required to drive this machine, and it can dispose of four tons of rags a week. A small hand comb-making machine will be noticed at a future time. Mr Selle, of Canning-street, Carlton, exhibits a frame for making mould candles, capable of making ninety-six at|a time. Mr Matheson has some excellent mason’s and other took, among which the most noticeable is a hammer for dressing bluestone, with eight faces, like a bunch of chisels. Marsden and Dean show a case of wel'-finished tools for modellers and ornamental plasterers. John Grayson exhibits a case of tools and knives for gardener’s, butcher’s, saddler’s, Ac, work, which appear to be of excellent quality and finish. Mr Lugton, of Little Lonsdale-street, has two machines which might very well have been done without, namely, a blowpipe for inflating meat, and a squirt for injecting melted fat under the skin. It is to be hoped he will be disappointed in his expectations as to their sale. |Mr Diermissen exhibits several specimens of cork andindiarnbber engine-packing. The construction seems very ingenious, and we should not be surprised if this new packing were to prove tighter and more lasting than hemp, and easier on the piston rods than metallic packing. It consists of cork or indiarubber, wire gauze, cotton and grease. We have been informed that it is already extensively in use. Mr Henson shows a bullet compressing machine, and a collection of gan- . m ating A, veiy highly finished tbr^hing machine, belonging to Messrs Robinson and Oo attracts attention by tbe high pol sh to ,-fo j " ? , P0118'1 t0 which ts wood and metal have been brought. It is a peg machine, without woode'n modef of Z A •wooden model of an electro magnetic engine and some washing and amalga-1 Z S a f w K Saa usan l“ v “ dT rt; r • ?ul'lookmR b an d boytne Z h fHuon o ? MMr rRIndg Anderson. rt' Z A machine for dressing New Zealand flax, by Mr J. ,l)r^ ume. an experiment. are immifarticles^ 6 f ent.re °^. *bls winS i0t ye no,lced: amung engmes, engine’s^ wlifeh which would wn^M® no doubt 8team‘ prove i highly amusing to the public, and particularly to the younger, if the exhibitors could obtain a supply of steam and^ start them. Some of these little engines are highly meritorious productions. There are also several tobacco cutters, which, though excellent, do not seem to possess any novel features. Leaving the machinery wing, in which no doubt there are many useful objects which we have omitted to notice, we pass to the annexe, and there we again find a fine collection of objects highly important in the industrial arts. Messrs Dailies, of Bourke-street, exhibit a fine glass-case full of their own brass castings, chiefly suitable for gas and water fittings, and apparently extremely well executed. Mr M*Hwraith, of the Melbourne T.ead Works, shows samples of lead piping and shset lead of various thicknesses. ii CoIIins-street, shows a . fine I collection of lead i-t—cj piping, ,,w,“ from sixi inches down to the smallest (composition) gas pipe used ; also lead wire. Mr Fletcher, of Bourke-street, has several samples of wire-work on show; and it is highly creditable to colonial skill that in the last three named departments of industry tiie examples shown are considered by competent judges to be as good as could be made. The stills exhibited are only three in number; and all are constructed to receive a charge of about fifty gallons of wine or wash. The first is by Mr Mitscbkte, of Adelaide, a very elaborate affair, which scarcely ex plained itself, and which the owner was not near yesterday to interpret. It has a great many vessels and connexions, and is in what is called by coppersmiths dull work” The next is by Mr Gobv, of Lonsdale-street, in half-polished cop per, aod has the distilling and refrigerating apparatus in separate compartments. This seems a useful still. The third is by Messrs M‘Kay and Co, CoIIins-street, is of polished copper, and has two connected departm ents-the still below, and a rectifying and condensing apparatus above. By this still the spirits can be brought up to any required strength. ^All three stills we presume to be chiefly intended for vine-yard The most prominent objects in this part of the Exhibition are the wool presses. Messrs Fulton and Shaw and Messrs J. Robertson and Co, show some really splendid ones, towering up into the roof and puzzling uninstructed observers. As strong as wood and iron can make them, and as gay as paint and gilt can make them, they form quite a feature iu the annexe, but we do not observe anything novel in their construction, except in the case of one of Messrs * niton and Shaw’s, which we shall describe on a future occasion. Mr Borne. Bcckett-st:reet, and Messrs Robinson and Co, exhibit some fine wine-presses and grape mills; and the first named shows a really formidable looking fourhorse power bone-mill. MrLugton,of Lonsdale-street, exhibits several useful articles, among which may be here enumerated a patent sausage machine, with revolving block of Huon pine, and a lever by which the machine may be immediately stopped when that is required. Also, a road-scraping machine of very light draught, its wheels being twenty inches. A sawing, planing, boring, and morticing machine, by Briscoe, for the use of joiners, is a compact and elegant machine. In cooper’s work-there are some very meritorious exhibits, among which some immense aken wine casks are not the least noteorfby- Churns, English, American, nd Victorian, are exhibited in abunance, but we shall now only mention ne. It is a barrel churn, with fixed ashers inside, but slung diagonally__ hat is, as if the axle passed from the top of one end to the bottom of the other. No doubt this engine would agitate the cream entrusted to it in a very violent !manner, for besides the ordinary rotary motion it would be violently flung from end to end of the churn a t every revolution. There are tnany other useful and elegant farm implements, which we can scarcely hope to describe at length to-day. Ploughs, harrows, reaping and threshing machines grain crushers, chaff cutters, &c;, are plentisully exhibited. A drill by Robertson and Co may be just mentioned. It is for sowing artificial grasses upon virgin soil (without cultivation); which it accomplishes by a row of tines, which makes scores in the ground, into which the seeds afterwards fall, through tubes. To save trouble to future visitors, however, we must not omit to explain the nature and use of a very strange looking and bulky object in the annexe, which everybody seems greatly puzzled with. It is an improve! silk flo ur-dresser, manufacture! and exhibited by Robert Dodington, of Q ueensb ury-street, and though it looks out side like a twenty foot long m iat safe of eccentric aaaPB» it is a highly finis hed article. In a shed beyond the annexe there is one of Mr P . . Ch^ e r s stone breaking machines, a very handsome spring drav by Mr Stewart, of King-street, ™d a few other articles. Outside there is another °f Clays* “ a“d Shuttlew oZ’s engtcs ar.d a large wind power erected bv Messrs Robinson and Co Thfe a ^ u n ^ 2f ‘J 16 raachillery a“d implements in the Exhibition is necessarily imperfect otices. ut ° ” DS wiU be 8“PPll6d *“ future 