COQUETTES, BEWARE! A PASSAGE VN THE LIFE OF A OR]NOLINE-ENO ASEB DAMSEL. CHAPTEII 1. AND LAST. " WnAT a warm morning!" exclaimed ANGELINA MOUNTJOY, seated on a blue moire- antique-covered sofa, engaged in conversation with her bosom friend, Miss FLUFFUM, who was paying her a short morning call. "1 paw you-know-who this forenoon," the latter remarked, after concurring in her companion's estimate of the weather, " as I was coming down the street. By the bye, A NAY dear" (she called her ANGY for brevity's sake) " how is that little affair going on ?" at the same time nudging ANGY (for brevity's sake) in a highly diverting manner. "Drop it!" ejaculated the aristocratic Miss MOUNT.IOY; "you know thai; ARTHUR smokes, and wears Dnndrearys—and so, as an humble scion of the illustrious soft-goods family of the MOUNTJOYS, I could not consent to liim give my virgin hand," "Enough! Ha ! ha! enough!" This mysterious exclamation proceeded from the doorway, where, to ANGY'S (for brevity's sake) dismay, stood, in the full possession of his faculties, and a pair of spring side boots, ARTHUR li'MSRRONOE, despair in his face, .and perspiration upon his brow. "Enough!" he continued; " bright but delusive beauty, you have quenched the burning aspirations of this too susceptible bosom—erased from the surface of this gushing heart the name of ANGELINA MOUNT.TOY—and though I have seen you dancing in the liall, still, 'Love not, love not!;shall in future be the funeral motto of this old hoss ; and, notwithstanding, the fact that you dwell in marble halls, your cruelty has condemned uiy heart to the painful operation of being lac-era,ted, and bowed down with weight of woe; and if musing I sadly wander, never from these pallid and trembling lips shall be heard the words, 1 Oh that its wings would bear me to ANGELINA M.' Farewell, and if for ever, still fare thee well!" concluded our hero, his green eyes flashing with hidden fire, and his proud lip curling with unseen disdain; and the last glimpse that ANGELINA had of ARTHUR FrrasPLODGE was the end of one of his Dundreary whiskers floating in luxuriant confusion over his left shoulder. With a loud shriek the unhappy girl exclaimed— "ARTHUR! ARTHUR!" and then " FITZSPLODGE ! FITZ,SPLODGE !" but all in vain, for the distracted lover had vanished like a beautiful nightmare; and lialf-dead with her great remorse, ANGELINA flung herself (regardless of steel skirts) upon the surface of the moire-antique-covered sofa, while her friend Miss FLUFFUM flew to her side with a smelling bottle. But, oh ! no camphor, or even assafratida, could heal the deep gash in*ANGELINA'S flesh-coloured heart. Could ARTHUR but have seeii her now, lie would have rushed back, and, clasping her to liis padded bosom, declared before the eyes of Heaven and man that he was the temple of his wife's honor. But to draw this highly-instructive and moral tale to a conclusion (in short, cut it), we must proceed to inform the gentle reader that ANGELINA fretted and fretted, and pined and pined, and languished and languished, for a period extending over six months iii lier spleiidid mansion on Collingwood Flat, surrounded by every luxury, gazing her soul away upon a carte de visile of the wronged ARTHUR FITZSPLODGE, until she became so emaciated that she took an engagement to appear at the Polytechnic as Prof. PEPPER'S ghost, assisted by the lime light, and after a most successful run of one night she was borne to her silent tomb. In the meantime, ARTHUR FITZSPLODGE, half maddened by despair, trod the gory field of battle, in the ranks of our noble volunteers; and, what with reviews and encampments, in which he distinguished himself above all others, arid attained the exalted rank of Lieutenant-Drummer, he speedily ruined liis constitution; and at length, when one day retreating, on the plains of "Werribee, from an inferior force, he became the target for a blank cartridge, accompanied by a ramrod. lie was compelled to leave the service, and he returned to the metropolis a heart and back broken man. His chief delight and only solace now was to wander in the rooms ANGELINA Ixad called her own; and three times a day, ou the most moderate computation, did he flood the blue moire-antiquecovered sofa with his tears, until its color faded, and it seemed to the heated fancy of FITZSPLODGE that, as that useful article of furniture faded and faded, that his life, and the dye upon his whiskers, faded and faded also ; and when at length the sofa had to be covered with chintz to hide the stains, FIT/SPLODGE bade adieu to this life, and, according to his last request, was laid by the side of the faithless ANGELINA, and nardoo was planted on their grave, and grew and grew till the sexton cut it off, -and sold it for canary seed, making the old proverb true, that—' :c Out of evil comeili good." And thus endeth this little sketch, in which all may behold the fearful effects arising from wearing crinoline nnd Dundreary fjlrl? whiskers, and which, we trust, will likewise prove A Fearful Warning to Coquettes! 