LuCA LAG KN E IUL INTELL1U ENOE MARENGO. from our correspondent.! August 10.— So It appears that our hybrid Min istry, under pretence of revising the Grown Lands Occupation Act, in reality contemplate its emas culation. If so, good-bye to all hope of New South Wales ever advancing beyond a sickly 111- cipiency ; for healthy, national manhood it will never reach. The ovei -taxed, eustom-houso- ridden working classes have no greater enemy than Mr. Martin — a gentleman who, after several defeats, was at last returned to Parliament through squattocratio influence to advanco squittoerntie interests, which, to do him justice, he has nlways consistently done. What, with the lieutenants Eagur and Isaacs " obeying orders." and Wilson an apostate— leaving Mr. Docker out ot the ques tion — three-fourths of the ' people's ministry" are worse than lost to the people. It remains to be seen whether Messrs. Parkos and Byrnes will prove ns consistent to their political antecedents as Mr. Martin. If not. should they, like the needy, hy dropathic " Lands," prefer the thickly-buttered official bread to political honour, then our only hopo will be in the House of Assembly itself. But should, eventually, class legislation prove too strong, then those' voters who at the last general election so recklessly used, or rather abused, the franchiso will only have to thank their own short sighted stupidity when they see the national estate — that just means of ring revenue — all but flung away, and probably in a few years the ad valorem and pnckago duties not repealed, but doubled ! Though the thirteen squatting districts of New South Wales embrace an area of nearly one hundred and sixteen millions of acres of land, yet this splendid public patrimony is so deplorably mismanaged ns to be made to yield, instead of at least a million sterling a year, but the paltry re- venuo of 165,990/. per annum — rather more than a farthing an acre all round ! Nevertheless, it ap pears that this is the suicidal stato of things that Mr. Martin (by as good ns giving the squatters immens6 freeholds — that is, an indefeasible right to the renewal of their leases) seems anxious to perpetuate. Will the eductated, working, and already overburdened, masses be so miserably supine ns to allow this P Beautiful weather ; agricultural prospects con tinue to be very cheering. August 18. — Yesterday some of the Lnmbing Flat police . arrested Daniel Hancock, jun., of Bendick Morrell, upon the charge of stealing a bullock. Hancock asserted that the bullock had been purchased from the Marengo poundkeeper, which assertion, upon enquiry, was found to be quite true, consequently he was this day discharged from custody. The whole mistake appears to have originated from the fact of the brands of the bul lock having been incorrectly entered on the receipt. The Marengo poundkeeper has had to pay it. to the original owner of the bullock ho Bold to Ilnncock. Lnmbing has commenced, and is progressing favourably. In Insolvency. — On Thursday last, at the In solvency Oourt, Sydney, on the motion of Mr. Sempill, the directions of creditors in the estate of AVilliam Mnrtin were ratified, subject to payment of costs, charges, &c.; The Outgoing Mail. — Letters and newspapers intended for conveyance by the mail for England, via Suez, must be posted in Yass this day. Bite of a Doo. — On Saturday afternoon last a child named Itourke, whoso parents reside in Mechan- street. was bitten by a dog belonging to a mason named Dean, who lives in O'Connell Town. The dog had made its escape from the enclosure at Dean's house, and while passing along Meehan- street attacked the child. Inlaxd Navigation. — The present fleet of steamers and their management being considered inadequate to the requirements of the settlers and storekeepers on the Murray, Murrumbidgoe, Dar ling, and other tributaries of the Murray, a part nership under the Limited Liabilities Act has been formed by several capitalists in Riverina, for the purpose of supplying greater facilities for the commerce of these rivors. The number of partners is seven, and the amount of capital each invests is 6001. The Weather continues fine and frosty, with occasional mists in the mornings. The seuson is generally regarded as very favourable for the crops. In paddocks where barley has been sown there is promise of plenty of green fodder, and in the absence of natural feed a greater breadth of land would have been sown with this coreal had seed been more easily procurable. I r Butchers' Meat. — During no previous season for many years past has there been such a dearth of fat bullocks as is at present experienced. Our butchers have been riding over this and the neigh bouring districts in search of them, and have boon unable to procure any cattle that arc fit to kill. The scarcity, and very high prices ruling in Goulhurn and Sydney, have induced stock holders, who had marketable beasts, to tnlce them there, leaving the town entirely bare. Fortu nately Messrs. Hume and Broughton have had some very fine -wethers, which have been eagerly bought up at from 17s. Gd. downwards, accord ing to condition, otherwise the inhabitants of Yass would have been without eatable meat. Morangorel. — A public pound is about to bo established at Morangorel, the bench of magistrates having acceded to the prayer of a memorial signed by the inhabitants of the neighbourhood. More Stioking-up. — After a long period of in activity in the bushranging business in tliis dis trict, a little animation has been shown durin< tho past few days. On Sunday last Thomas Cummins was stopped and robbed by a man within a mile and a half of Mr. Grogan's inn, on Limestone Creek. Cummins had 21. 5s. in his possession, and on giving it up asked for the return of two or three shillings to pay his expenses on the road. The robber returned him the five shillings, but took his cabbagetree hat from him. and allowed him to depart bareheaded. On reaching Grogan's inn he was supplied with another chapeau. The highwav- mui is described ns having been in no way dis guised, nnd was armed with a brace of pistols. On Monday as the mail was on its way from Gun- dagai to Yass it was stopped by a man answering the description of the one who stuck-up Cummins! Ho presented a pistol, having a second one, at the head of the driver, and told him to pull up, which, of course, ho accordingly did. The robber then eased him of all tho money he had about him, amounting to thirty shillings. Ho said he would not bother with the mail-bags, and allowed the driver to proceed on his journey. On information reaching town of the robbery of Cummins, the police started out in pur suit, and were last heard of on the track of the robber, who, it is supposed, was lately in tho ser- vico of Mr. Broughton. of Ilumcwood, as cook, from which he absconded, taking a brace of pistols belonging to that gentleman. It would seem pro bable that after the robbery of Oummins the robber quitted the locality, as another person, whose name If. I "" — " — VW Miuum/Ii, (JUPOUU tit 17 It ii bill: same road from Burrowa, having about him at tho time a sum of 60/., and who. saw nothing of the highwayman. Even should ho have been stopped and robbed, the money would have been of no use to the thief, as it was in bank drafts. It is certainly very desirable that persons travelling should abstain from carrying about them money that is easily convertible, for nlthough there are no gangs of bushrangers at present abroad in tho southern districts, with ' the exception of Clarke's party, there are, nevertheless, single individuals, or in some cases two ruffians, who would bo able to accomplish everything that tho most compact band of bushrangers are able easily to effect. Rumoured Fatal Accident at Mac's Reef. — Yesterday a rumour reached town that two men, named Keefe and Masters, who had both been residents of Gundaroo, were killed by a blast in a shaft at Mac's reef on Friday or Saturday last. We arc without confirmation of the report or par ticulars. London Agency.— Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, who for several years past have successfully car ried on business both in Melbourne nnd Sydney as news and advertising agents, are about to establish a branch of their ngency in London, under the personal superintendence of Mr. Alfred Jones, who for Borne time past has been the man aging partner of the firm in Sydney. A circular which Messrs. Gordon and Gotch have just issued states _ that at their branch in London it is their intention to fit up a commodious reading-room, in which tho whole of the colonial newspapers will be filed for public inspection, and it will also be well provided with works of reference. Blue Books, parliamentary documents, and publications bear ing upon tho statistics of the colonies. Tho ad vantages of such an establishment to persons in terested in or who desire to push their trade trans actions in various British possessions must be obvious. The fact that the resident manager will be a gentleman who has been a resident in Aus tralia, and connected in business with the commer cial interests there, will, to a great extent, be a guarantee that that colonial department' will be efficiently managed. We hope to seo this new enterprise of Messrs. Gordon and Gotch largely supported by the press of the colony, as well as by tho public generally. STEALING SHINGLES. — Some time during Monday night eight bundles of new shingles belonging to Mr. Gardiner, the carpenter, who is employed in shingling the house occupied by Mr. Wood, in Cooma-street, were stolen from the place of work. Information was given to the police, and some houses in the neighbourhood were searched, amongst others one occupied by a person named White, next to Mr. Elliot's, the watchmaker. There the police found five new shingles, and being asked from whom he got them. White replied, with out hesitation, that they were brought to him by the son of a butcher who lives next door to Mr. Wood's house. It may be stated that White made no attempt to conceal the shingles, but on being interrogated as to whether he had any new ones on his premises, at once pointed them out. We may here state that several portions of fencing around the premises occupied by Mr. James Smith, butcher, in Cooma-street, in the immediate vicinity of the place from whence the shingles were taken, and also of the house in which Mr. White lives, have from time to time been stolen, evidently for the purpose of being used as firewood, but we can scarcely suppose that four hundred shingles could be so quickly applied to such a use. NEW INSOLVENTS— Frederick William Ncwbery, of Goulburn, tailor. Liabilities. 702/. 10s. lOd. Assets, 303/. 3s. Sd. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. John Thomas Valentine Walker, of Tumut, late of Adelong. saddler. Liabilities, 030/. 16s. lid. Assets, 497/. 7s. Mr. Humphery, official assignee. Unclaimed Letters.— Letters addressed to the following persons are now lying at the General Post Office. Applicants for the same must state number of list and dnte thereof (No. 14. August 10) as well as state whether ship or inland letter, and the number opposite the name: — Ship Letters. \- 5 John Armour, Yass : G Jas. Armstrong, Wagga Wagga : 20 Fredk. Block. Billabong : 23 It. Brad ford, Billabong: 21J E. Brady, Gundagai: 27 Chas. S. R. Brown, Gundagai: 3 Jno. Cnllighan, Wombat Diggings; 4 Sarah -Campbell, Wagga Wagga; 20 J. W. Oreagon, North Gundagai :2l Win. Crosen, Wagga Wagga (2): 2 Thus. Fitz- patrick, Lambing Flat: U Jas. Turcott Jenkins, Lambing Flat: 5 G. II. Johnson, Billabong; 3 J. G. Kelly, North Gundagai ; 4 Jno. Kelly, Wagga Wagga; 10 J W. L. Ker, Esq, Yass: 11 T. W. Kewley, Gundagai ; 4 Dnnlny Lawrence, Gunning : 8 O. W. Lewin, Wagga Wagga: G Chas. Martin. Wngga Wagga : 1 1 H. O. M'Oormack, Waggn Wagga : 18 Miss J. M'Entyre, Gundagai : 24 Alexr. M'Kersio. Billabong Creek : 36 W. II. Miles, Wagga Wagga : 33 0has. Morgan, Wagga Wagga: 2 B. O'llara, Young: 3 Jno. O'Neil, Queanbeyan : 2 Joseph Penton. Billabong; 3 George Perry, Bur rowa: 8 Rodolpb Pulmer. Yass: 4 B. Johansen Riis, Burrangong: 0 'i'. Robinson, Wagga Wagga: 4 11. Shellington, Young: 3 E. V. Templeton, Billabong (3) : 8 Chas. Thompson. Wagga Wagga : 0 Jno. Watkin, Yass: 10 Gustavo Wedekend, Wagga Wagga: 1 6 , W. A. Williams. Yass. Colonial Letters.— 3 Peter Adnam, Wagga Wagga: 17 Peter Anderson, Yass: 18 Jno. Andrews, Wagga Wagga: 21 Jno. Armfield, Yass (2) : 1 Thos. Baird, Bina- long: 10 Capt. Jos. Gerrish Barron, Yass: 11 Jos. Barrot, Lambing Flat: 18 Jno. Bashnm, Lambing Flat: 24 Jessio Beaton, Young: 3-1 P. S. Best, Bang Bang : 55 Bordith and James, Billa bong: 57 Alf. Bradbury, Gundagai: 66 Jno. Bright, Yass : 69 J. Brown, Gundagai: 95 Miss Johanna Byrne, Ynss : 3 Norman Cameron, Wagga Wagga: 10 John Cautwell, Wagga Wagga: 18 J. R. Carter, Adelong : 23 M. Oaten, Ynss : 28 Edw. i Chapman,- Yass : 30 Jas. Ohisholm, Yass : 31 Jno. Clarke, Gundagai : 33 J. Olarko, Wagga Wagga : 3 1 Wm. Clarke. Gundagai : 45 Mrs. Coil. Wagga Wagga: 4G Master IT. Cokor. Yass: IS Jno. Cole man. Y"ass; 49 Thos. Cnlhoun, Yass- 50 Mr. Collies. Ynss: 51 Gen. Colin, Ynss : 60 Miss Cow- dan. Yass: 69 A. Crawford. Wagga Wngga (2):_ 71 Mr. Crawley, Gundagai : 72 Mr. Cressnell. Wagga Wagga: 78 Jas. Crowe. Billabong: 79 M. Cfnlron. Ynss- 82 Miss Cullinano, Ynss (2) : 8 W. Davis, Yass River : 9 Saml. Davis, Gundagai: 17 Mr. Dayolds, Gundagai : 20 W. II. Dean. Lambing Flat: 21 Jas. Deans, Gunning: 23 Geo. Doll. Lambing Flat: 21 Jno. Denison. Yass : 20 Thos. Dent. Young: 23 Jno. Dorritt, Wagga Wagga: 52 Thos. Dukin, Young- 2G Jno. Franklin, Wagga Wagga: 27 G. II. Franklin, Young: 25 T. P. Gowrly, Gundagai: 29 Const Gralev. Gundagai: 31 Dr. Gregory, Adelong: 38 Jacob Grossman. Tarcutta: 1 M. Haddains, Billabong: 7 Joseph Hallam, Ynss (2): 19 George Harrison. Young: 23 Francis Harris. Lambing Flat : 24 P. H. llart, Yass: 35 Roht. L. Havowood, Waggn Wagga: 37 Martin Hcckner, Tarcutta: 41 W. ,T. Hensby, Young: 42 Mrs. Henslcy, Ynss: 43 Thos. Herbert. Billabong: 47 Geo. Hey wood. Wagga Wagga: 51 Jno. Hi es. Adelong : 55 P. Hoare. Gundagai: 59 Jno. Hodges, Lambing Flat (2) : 65 Joshua Hol land, Gunning: 66 John Holornn, Yass: 2 Jas. Jackson. Wagga Wngga: 10 Richd. Jennings, Lnmbing Flat: 11 David Johnson, Wagga Wngga : 15 IT. Johnson. Wagga Wagga; 17 M. Johnson. Wngga Wagga: 27 Jno. Jones. Murrumbidgoe: 2 Michl. Konnc, Gunning: 5 Mrs. Kelly, Yass: 9 Edward Kemp, Gundagai : 1 1 Jno Kennedy. Yrass . 14 Patk. Kennedy, Billabong: 15 P. Kennedy, Billabong : I Mr. Ladmnnth. Wagga Wngga: 8 Maurice Langan, Yass (2): 23 Alfd. Levin., Wagga Wagga: 1 Wm. Mncauley. Gundagai : 8 M. Mac- namarra. Wagga Wagga: 11 Patk. Magill, Gun dagai; 10 Thos. Mavsden, Billabong: 19 Hy. Marshall. Ynss : 23 Mrs O. Massy, Gunning- 2S Bernard M'CauIoy. Collector: 20 Alex. M'Oulloeh, Young: 31 Mr. M'Dormot, Yass: 33 L. M'Donald. Wngga Wagga: 334 Ilichd. M'Evoy, O'Connell Town : 35 Mrs M'Gregor, Wagga Wagga : 36 Patk. M'Gann. Yass : 39- Angus M'Kny, Adelong, 42 D. M'Kay, Yass : -19 Geo. MQuiggan, Yass: 55 P. Mellu. Ynss . 62 Mr. Mooney, Yass : 63 Jas. Moore, Yrass : 67 B. Mortimer, Yass (2): 76 Danl. Murray, Yass: 78 Wm. Myers. Yass: 9 Edwd. Newton. Adelong (2): 4 W. C. O'Brien, Young: 1 Jas. Palmer, Yass: 14 T. and L. Palmer. Gunda gai : 22 Wm. Phillips, Gundagai -. 23 Hy. Phillips, \ir t\r - on \\\r xir >V Uil II ! Q\J UCUUi JL U1 IUI ( M >Y I 49 Jas. Pritchard, Yass : 2 Robt. Raniber, Lamb ing Flat: 4 Thos. Ray. Gundaroo: 9 Geo. Reck- mon, Young: 19 Joseph Redman, Gundagai: 17 Jno. Roid, Gunning: 21 Geo. Reynolds. Gundagai: 23 Chas. F. Richards. Young: 26 Mrs, Geo, Richardson, Wagga Wagga: 44 Mrs. Rogers, Wagga Wagga: 57 Mrs. Mary Rumble, Billabong: 69 Wm. Russell, Wagga Wagga: 15 Miss Sarah Shaw, Wagga Wagga : 22 Geo. Shepherd, Yass: 27 W. Simpson. Wagga Wagga: 28 Wm. Simpson, Moppity : 32 Wm. Simson, Lambing Flat: 39 Mr. Smith, Yass: 41 Wm. Smith. Ynss: 47 Wm. Smith. Adelong: 50 Mrs. Bridget Smith, Gunda gai: 57 Mark Southwell. Yass: 59 Mrs. Stanley. Wngga Wagga: 62 Mr. Stephenson, Gundagai : 04 A. Stevenson, Billabong: 78 Miss M. Sullivan, Wagga Wagga: 79 Jno. Sullivan, Young : 82 Thos. Suman, YTiss : 91 Jno. J. Swan, Yass: 4 Jno. Taylor, Yass : 17 Mr. Tommas, near Ynss: 24 Mrs. O. 1'ottle, Gunning: 27 Richd. Trowickes, Bur- rangorig: 3i Mnrtin Tally. Gunning: 1 W. Valen tine, Young: 2 W. Valentino, Gundagai : 3 David Vanderstin, Lambing Flat: 5 Mr. Vollis, Lambing Flat: C Mrs. Vollis, Ybung; 7 Mrs. M. Walker, Yass: 9 Thos. Walker. Yass: 12 Andrew Walton, Gundagai: 23 G. A. Wedekind, Wagga Wagga (2) : 31 W. Westgrath. 'Tarcutta: 31 Geo. White, Wagga Wagga: 4s W. Williams, Binalong; 42 Jno. Wil liams, M, anion's Creek ; 50 S, Williams, Lambing Flat; 71 Edmund Woods, Wagga Wagga. The Colonial Game Law. — A Bathurst tele gram, dated Friday, says.- — The pro visions of the new game law will have their first application on Monday next in the case of a sportsman who has set the law nt defiance. The delinquent went out shooting at night, and in tho darkness lost his horse; tho police found it, and in the saddle-bags were two black ducks. The sportsman claimed the horse next day. and the ducks too. lie was con sequently summoned to appear beforo tho l'oliou Court. . Mr. Rorert Lowe. — Tn describing the scene in New Palace-yard, Westminster, on the after noon when it was expected that the Russell and Gladstone Ministry would announce their action, one of the London evening newspapers states : — Tho Adullamites were particularly singled out for a demonstration, and Mr. Lowe, ns he came on foot through the crowd, was met by cries not very gratifying to his amour propre, and which evi dently showed that ho was treated as the chief political offender. A crowd followed, groaning at him, ns far as Carlton-terrace, and he was escort ed by several policemen. The Alleged Murder of Kinder. — It is re ported that Mrs. Kinder and Jackson have return ed to Sydney. The Affray atBargo. — On Friday Inst, James Smith, alias Foley, was indicted at the Central Criminal Court for the murder of constable Ray mond. He was found not guilty, and remanded back to his former custody. Archbishop Poldino. — We take the following from the Freeman's Journal: — Considerable sur prise was expressed when the Herald's telegram of' mail news wns published, stating that his Grace tho Archbishop was to be created a Cardinal. As no intimation had previously reached Sydney that such an honour was about to bo conferred upon his Grace, the report was not generally credited. The niail having now arrived, wo nro enabled to state that the rumour was unfounded, and that the Archbishop retains merely his former titles. His Grace, at the departure of tho mail, was in London, and his letters to the Very Rev. the Vicar General are dated the 24th of Juno, and no allusion what ever is made to tho Cardinalship. It will be. however, interesting to our readers to know that His Grace has had a specimen of the kind of liberty enjoyed in that pnrt of the kingdom of Italy under the rule of Victor Emmanuel. In no other country in the world would the presenco of His Grace create suspicions, but no sooner was he in the Italian kingdom than his footsteps were dogged by spies, and on reaching the city of Turin late on" evening, while travelling to London, ho wus arrested by tvio individuals, nnd forthwith incarcerated. In vain did ho expostulate; in vain did he state what he was and what wns his mission, and claim tho protection of nn Englishman ; he also produced his passport duly certified by Sir Henry Storks. Bo: all this availed him nothing, nnd for several hours ho was kept in strict con finement, nnd eventually was brought beforo the magistrates and underwent a short, but imper tinent. investigation. When this wns over ho wns allowed to depart, a sort of apology being made for his detention. During the whole of this t-imo Father Edmund Athy was in company with his Grace, and. had to suffer the same insults. Ilis Grace wrote to Mr. Elliott, the British Ambas sador at Florence, giving the particulars of his arrest, but from another source he was subsequently informed that his letter never readied its proper destination. From the above circumstances wo can form an idea of tho prostrate state of Italy as ruled over by Victor Emmanuel. Italy regenerated is held up by English writers to show tho advance ment it has made since the present King hns as sumed the reins of Government, but these writers should visit the country and judge for themselves, and not form their opinions from the journals which dare not utter one word against their rulers. If a venerable ecclesiastic, such as his Grace tho Archbishop, \yhose very appearance betokens his sacred calling, can be seized and rudely cast into prison, wo need not be surprised to hear that the liberty of tho subject is of very littlo moment in that unhappy country. Such a. system of espionage must produce a state of society not much to be admired. After this little contretemps, his Grace and Futher Athy arrived safely in London, nnd were both in tho enjoyment of excellent health. The Archbishop expressed his intention of shortly returning to the colony, probably by the Great Britain or the Great Victoria, which would enablo him to reach-Sidney before tho close of the year. We are also enabled to inform our renders that the Right Rev. Drs. Quinn nnd Murray, the future bishops of Bathurst and Mnitlnnd. were to sail from Cork on the 2ndofJu!v in company with seven clergymen, and several presentation nuns for Hobart Town, two sisters of mercy for Geelong, six for Bathurst. and four for Bri.-hnne. Hille, the Swindler. —Alluding to nille's committal, tho Alburg Banner says : — Our missing and much-wanted friend, Mr. Frederick Hille, has conic to grief nt Young. This it will be remem bered is the individual who turned his attention to establishing a soap manufactory nt Deniliquin ; who purchased a farm of Mr. John Nichols, but did not pay for it; who bought M 00/. -worth of I'urni- . turc from Mr. J. T. Fallon, took delivery, but made no payment; who got beef and arranged to have n buggy from Mr. James Layton: who order ed hogsheads of colonial wine from the German winegrowers, who put down his name as a sub scriber to tho Banner, nnd. ungrateful wretch, got one copy of the paper without paying for it. Charge of Horse Stealing Against a Boy. — At the Queanbeyan Police Court, Edward Armstrong aged 12 years, was brought up charged with stealing a bay pony, the property of J. O. Tucker, publican. Mac's Reef. The pony had been running Mr. Sutton's paddock. Gundaroo, from whence it was missed. Subsequently it wns found in prisoner's possession at his father's house. He accounted for his ownership of the ponv by saying that a travelling bullock driver had given it to'him ns a reward for finding a lost bullock. The brand I)J (the J reversed) had recently been defaced. When the prisoner was arrosted hy sergeant Lati mer he gavo a wrong name. He stands remanded. — Qucanheyan Age. Consecration of the Bishop of Adelaide. — The Right Rev. Dr. Shod. R. C. Bishop of Adelaide, was consecrated on Wednesday morning, 'at St. Francis's Church, Melbourne. The celebrant was the Right Rev. Dr. Gould, Catholic Bishop of Mel bourne, assisted by tho Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, and the Right Rev. Dr. Eloi, Bishop of Tepasa and Vicar Apostolic of Southern Ooeanica. In tho evening the Right Rev. Dr. Goold gave a banquet at the Bishop's palace. East Melbourne, to his brother prelates, and a large number of gentlemen lay and clerical. —Melbourne Herald. Loukiiart v. Lynch. — On the equity side of tho CI ItlAMrtiyi/l f 1,111 w4 An f J >«.!.««» 1 , I l,n II .. ! ...... r. uujMt.itiv ut/ui i, uu r i itiiij i ijmj, ciiu L I I II I _delivered judgment in the above case: — The plain tiff in this case prays that the defendant may be declared by this court to he a trustee for the plain tiff for a certain block of freehold land, containing 320 or 321 acres, situate on the Gilmoro Creek, near Tumut, which block tho plaintiff alleges was applied for by and granted to tho defendant under an agreement made between them in 1856, under which agreement, or rather on tho faith of which agreement, the plaintiff has expended largo sums of money in fencing tho said land, cultivating it, planting a valuable vineyard and orchards thereon to the nggregato amount of between 1100/. and 1400/., between the years 1856 and ISO I. The bill also prays for the usual decree that tho de fendant may convey tho estate to the plaintiff on payment of the 321/., pubject to the existing mort gage. His Honor carefully went through tho whole circumstances of tho case, and gave his decision in these words : — I am satisfied beyond all reasonable doubt that tho plaintiff is entitled to the relief prayed by this hill; and as the defendant has altogether failed in maintaining his resistance, to the plaintiff's equity, 1 am also of opinion that, the defendant must pay the plaintiff's costs up to tho hearing.— Abridged from Empire. Mac's Reef. — A movement has been set on foot to establish a company under tho Limited Liabilities Act for better working of certain portions of Mao's reef. We are informed that a meeting for this purpose was held last Saturdiy, at New- ington. when it was resolved that the abandoned ground on the north lead north of Lenihan and Co.'s claim, should be worked by a company represented hy 201) shares at 1/. each, and that claims 12 and 13 (Ohynoweth and Co.'s) be included in tho ground taken up by the said company, tho present holders having signified their willingness to hand over thoir interest to tho company on payment being made to them of the nctunl cost "iileady incurred. 'The block will then comprise a large area of ground, including many shafts already sunk, some of which are on the reel. Several shares have already been taken up. Wo trust this movement will not only succeed, but be followed by others of a kindred character ; lor it is only by cooperation of this kind that success can ensue in attempts to develop the resources of auriferous quartz reefs. Some better results are being obtained from late crush- ings. A man known as " Cranky Jack" lately purchased 40 or 50 tons of quartz irom the owners of an abandoned shaft; the quartz is now being crushed, and said to give evidence of being as rich as the best that has as yet beon crushed. — Quean- began Age. The Goulburn Ghost.— It is not worth while to notice stories that are occasionally related of strange sights supposed to ho seen and unaccount able noises said to be heard in one place or other ; but a case has just occurred which has formed the staple subject of conversation in Goulburn during tho week, nnd has led to the intervention of the police being requested. 'The fact appears to be that in a house in Auburn-street occupied by Mr. Rogers, and formerly known as the O'Connell Inn, certain noises have been heard of late which it seemed impossible to account for. Mr. Rogers is a cabinetmaker, and his shop is full of furniture ; and accordingly, instead of the orthodox groans and rattle of chains, the noises complained of have taken the more convenient form of resembling a knocking about of Mr. Rogers's furniture. All sorts of theories, more or less wild, have been cur rent on tho subject; and tho past history of the house 1ms been generally related by the older resi dents ; but though the story is doubtless somewhat singular, it has no relation to tho recent disturb ances. Some of our townsmen took the trouble to watch about tho place on Tuesday night, and the result was the capture of a half-witted fellow known ns Charley, who sleeps in tho next house, also occupied by Mr. Rogers, and whoro tho noises have also been heard. lie was taken under cir cumstances which, though not altogether conclu sive, led his captors to believe that the noises were made by him, and accordingly he received some slight summary punishment on tho spot. It is said that Charley had not access to tho furniture shop, and that therefore he could not have made all the noises complained of. But it does not appear that there have been any ghostly manifestations since he wns caught.- — Ooulburn Herald. The Cawariia. — On Friday afternoon tho bnr- bnur-mastcr paid a visit to the spot where the Cawarra was wrecked, for the purpose of ascer taining whether any portions of the vessel were to be seen other than thoso discovered by tho diver, who accompanied Captain Munroe in his recent visit from Sydney. The weather was beautifully fine, and the sea calm and clear, and Captain Allan states that a short distance from the floating wreck, in the direction of the channel, he could plainly discern the missing engines, main shaft, and both paddle-wheels, tho whole being covered by about eight feet of water. It will be recollected that at the time tho diver wont down there was a very heavy fresh running, and this fact mny probably account for his being unable to discover those portions of the wreck, which may now be plainly distinguished from the surface with tho naked eye. Captain Allnn has since placed a buoy immediately over tho site of his discovery. — Corr. S. M. Herald, The Weather at Kiandra. — The enrrespondent of tho Tumut Times writes on tho 13th inst. : — Yesterday being Sunday, and after being a week housed up, 1 resolved to go as far ns the town, a distance of a mile along the Tumut rond. After about an hour nnd a half hard exertions scramb ling, and sometimes walking on nil fours, I reached the city. Tho first man that, hailed me on my nrrival there wns the 'Tumut mailman, who ap parently was rather troubled. Suspecting the cause of his uneasiness, nnd being asked my opinion of tho state of the road ns far as I had travelled. I mndo no hesitation in satisfying him. I told him if ho was tired of his life he might start, if not, he — — mi had better make his mind easy, for to travel over Gibson's nnd Long Plains with safety, particularly hy himself, appeared to me to he too much of a risk, nnd till such , time as the north-west strong piercing wind that was making clouds of snow roll along like clouds of dust on n snminer day would cease, he could not seo his way; even if tho snow wore firm enough to carry him. which it was not, lie would be endangering his life and risk losing the mail. I shortly afterwards Icnrned that the Cooiua mailman wns in a similnr fix; tho only difference being that tho lnttor was out and could not apparently got in. So wo are well fixed ; one mailman out and nnnhlc to get in. the othor in and cannot get out. II it should continue snowing nnd our mail and telegraph communication cut off from the lower world, we shall begin to think onr tem poral existence noaran end ; bat it is to be hoped that Providenco has it otherwise allotted for us. As I said before, wo arc hero all of a heap, with provisions sufficient for tho whole population for at least six months, and otherwise pretty well pro- pared to weather the storm ; and weather it wo will as long as we are. able. I may as well state that it has beon snowing more or less without intermission exactly a week this day, Monday, nnd tho day is near a close, and snowing still. Now for the depth. 'This I can only giiess at; it might be from four tn six. eight, and in some places ap parently twelve feet. On the following dav he adds: — Wo have been agreeably surprised this morning to see tho Von make his nppearanco ; the wind has abated, and it has ceased snowing. The mailman has made a start with a long and perilous journey before him. It is to bo hoped he will get through safely. Bertrand's Case. — Tt will be in the recollec tion oT our readers that nn application for leave to appeal against the decision of. the Supreme Court of this colony, in granting a new trial to Bortrnnd, was sent homo to the Privy Council some months ago. Accompanying that applica- - tion was a request to telegraph immediately the result of the Privy Council's decision, in regard to tho order to ho applied for to stay all further proceedings here until tho Lords of the Privy Council should have time to decido upon the merits of the application for leave to appeal. An applica tion for leave to appeal, and for an order to stay all further proceedings in this case in the colony-, until the Privy Council shall have disposed of the case, was made on tho 27th June last, and the Giuiii iu hiuy luriuLT Waa granted. A telegram conveying this information was dis patched from London in tho middle of tho day of the 29th ol June, and as an instance of rapid con veyance of intelligence over nn immense extent of land nnd sea, .we may state that it arrived nt Gillie on the next day — occupying but twenty-Tout hours in transit. Had the. steamer been about to start when the telegram nrrived nt Guile it would havo been received here a fortnight earlier than it ivas. This order of the Privy Council will be a complete answer to any application for Ber trand's release. We may further state that Sir Roundel Palmer and Sir Hugh Cairns — tho late and present Attorney-Generals — have been re tained on behalf of the Government of this colony in the matter of the application to the Privy Coun cil.— .5. M. Herald. Swearing-in of the New Governor of Vic toria. — 'The new Governor, tho Hon. Sir J. II. 'I'. Manners-Suticn, was formally sworn in on Wed nesday, in front of the 'Treasury building, in the presence of about 5000 persons. His Excellency was .'accompanied hy Lady Manners- Sutton and tho members' of his family, who witnessed tho cere monial from one of the balconies. 'Tho platform was crowded with officials, both in and out of official costume. The Chief Secretary wore the Windsor uniform, the two Judges present were in their robes of ermine and scarlet, tho Attorney- General wore the ordinary wig and gown of a member of the bar, tho Minister of Justioo wns plain nnd unadorned, the Vice Chancellor of tho University was resplendent in gold lace, but Mr. Speaker Murphy was in official blade. Dignitaries of the church, members of Parliament, and Go vernment- officials were there in plenty. The Mayor of Melbourne stood out prominently in front of the Corporation hand in furred robes and cocked hat. and- the mixed mass of raiment wns enlivened by the bright scarlet uniforms of tho Brigadier General and tho officers of his staff, and tho bluo regimental dress of the Commissariat officers. The proceedings were commenced by Mr. Odgcrs read ing the Queen's commission, but from anything that anybody heard ho might have been reading tho first chafiter of Genesis, or tho last for tho matter of that This formally concluded, the new Governor took several oaths, no doubt to the satis faction of the Chief Justice, who administered thein to liini; but this part of the ceremony was all dumb show, even to those in the immediate proximity of the chair. 'The business was concluded with cheers for tho Queen and the Governor, but tho people below ovidently did -not understand for whom the cheers were given ; but when Sir John Manners-Sutton stepped to the front of the plat form. the crowd did not wait for any lead, but at once burst out into a spontaneous cheer, which must have conveyed to tho new Governor a cordial congratulation and welcome. His Excellency afterwards retired to his apartments, where he re ceived an address from the Corporation, and several gentlemen were presented to him. The Governor after remaining at the Treasury about nn hour, prooecded to Tooraic in plain clothes. The city presented a most gay and animated appearance during the day. 'The royal standard was hoisted at the Government offices, and a plentiful supply of bunting was displayed from many of the public and private buildings. 'The bells of St. James's Cathe dral rang out a merry peal during the nftornoon, and a salute, fired from the Prince's Bridge reserve, announced to the people of Melbourne and suburbB that the new Governor had beon sworn in and assumed the duties of his high and important office. The New Reef at Campbell's River. — a very fine specimen of quartz from a reef situate about a mile from Swallow's Nest Diggings, Camp bell's River, and which is known as Cosier's Reef, has been left at our office. Wo nro informed that the general yield of the reef is about three ounces of gold to tho ton of quartz. There had been one crushing of 34 cwt. of stone which had yielded 4 ozs. 4 dwts. 16 grs. of pure gold. The specimen in our possession is well worth tho inspection of quartz reef speculators. It has evidently been broken off the surface rock ; and the fracture discloses the gold in beautiful specks all over its face. Tho precious metal is also discovered in numerous spots on the outside. Mr. Cosier has taken up a claim on the reef, and wo understand two or three other influential parties have also had claims marked off. — Bathurst Free Press. Surveying for Settlement in tne Queanbeyan District. — We understand that Mr. licensed sur veyor Thompson has been directed to survey the suburban allotments of the village of Sutton, on Gundaroo about twelve miles distant from Quean beyan. The same gentleman is also instructed to- subdivide the village reserve at Tuggranong into farms of about forty acres each, and not into town allotments ns stated by us a few weeks ago. The lands thus to bo surveyed will cut up into many farms of the dimensions mentioned — the Tuggra nong reserve into between thirty nnd foity farms, most of them being of good soil, &o.; When sur veyed, tho whole will be offered for sale by auction and will not be open to conditional purchase. Though it is most probable that after the sale the reservation will be cancelled, and any unsold portions left for free selection ns ordinary Crown lands. —Queanbeyan Aue. Sydney Wool. Tallow, and Hides Markets. — Tho usual weekly sales of wool and sheepskins were held on Thursday. The attendance of buyers was limited, and the sales effected exhibited lower prices, thnn those which were obtainable prior to the arrival of the mail perEllora. Altogether, 126 bales were offered, and 75 sold. Messrs. Richard son and Wrench offered and sold 7 bales of fleece wool, in grease, at 8Jd per lb. Messrs. Mort and Co. catalogued 93 bales, and sold 42. The prin cipal lots were— RS, 26 bales fleece, nnd same mark, 7 bales of l&mbswool;, both of which realised 1 7J d per lb. 15 lots of sboepskinB were also offer- ed. and sold at 5)d to 7Jjd ; and pelts at 2Jd per lb. Mr. 0. B. Ebs worth sold 7 bales/of which a smiill lot of Northern floeco realised 10d per lb -.4 parcels of sheepskins sold for 5d to 5?d per lb. Messrs. Irwin nnd Turner offered and sold 19 hales of wool, all smnll lots, not worth special notice. 7 lots of sheepskins sold respectively for 4 Yd to 7d per lb. At tho sales held on Friday, 304 Cnsks tallow wero offered, and 3 13 sold at prices much tho snmo as those ruling last week. Lut we quote tho market firm, with a slight tendency to higher rates. The late news respecting the homo market for hides is not calculated to affect prices hero to any extent, and at tho public sales held tlicro was littlo or no change. ..Altogether 2900 hides were offered! nnd 2718 sold. Mr. J. Graham offered 40 casks of 'tallow, and sold 35 at 851 2s Gd to 30/ 5s for 'boil ing-down beef, 40/ 5s for Ncwington No. 1. and '161 15s per ton for Yorke's prime beef. 814 hides were offered, and all sold at 5s Gd to 8s Gd for in ferior, 9s Gil to 12s for ordinary and medium. 13s 4d to l-ls 3d for 'first-clnss average to good heavy, and 1 8s Gd each for extra Weights. Messrs. Mort nnd Co. offered 147 casks of tallow, and sold 115 at 35/ to 30/ 5s for boiling-down. 39/ 7s Gd to 39/ 10s for strong ditto, nnd 44/ to 17/ 5s per ton for 'muttqn tallow. The samo firm offered 875 hides, and sold 723 at prices ranging from 4s 9d to 15s each, according to weight and quality. Mr. O. B Ebsworth offered 39 cusks of tallow, and sold 31 at 33/ to 35/ 5s. per ton : 125 hides realised from 5s 3d to l is Od ench. Messrs. Irwin and Turner (offered. 132 casks of tallow, and sold nil at prices "ranging from 34/ to 37/ for beef, and 41/ to 41/ 17s '0d per ton for mutton. The same firm also o(Fnr«l lOoO hides, and sold I02G, at 5s 3d to 8s for in ferior; 9s to lis for ordinary; lis 9d to ISs 9d for medium to good; nnd 14s Id to ISs 3d for iirst- ' class heavy; and 10s 9d for extra weights. . Stock Rofoicrs — Goulburn, August 17.— Messrs Fnilay and Co. report Fat stock : Nothing offerl ing. there hi a good demand for fat cattle and a "draft of prime would realise in advance of nnythino- ;yet offered this season. Prime cattle may he quoted at fully 22s, fid. per hundred. Fat sheep Tho |trade are quite out and sellers have before them a first-rnto market. 1000 primo wethers would 'realise extremeyates. Store sheep : H'e solj at tho 'yards, Marsden's Hill, hist Monday, about 2000 'aged ewes in lamb, on account of Thomas Herbert, Esq.; 500 at lis. 10d„ 500 at 1 Is. Gd., 771 at lis. 2d.; tho remainder storo wethers! 10/'n3d'<. P'lc, exaggerated report in' the lull of wool did not appear to damp the 'ardour of buyers. Wo have many inquiries for owes at market rates. Store emtio are rapidly advancing in price, and we quite expect store cattle to advanco to extreme rates, say from 31\. 5s. to 4/ ; this of course for well-bred lots. Ilorses: Dull of sale, few offering.— Braidwood, To ' s ''epei'ts : — Fat cattle: I sold a.draftof cows and bullocks on Thursday, at an average of 71., nnd a draft of mixed cattle at 21. f t r n n cattIe ";ero fro'» Mr. Mort's station at I wofold Bay, and I must say they were an ex cellent breed ot cattle nnd in very good condition. cows m 'be draft showed breeding in the extreme, and brought 71. per head. I also sold 200 wethers at l is., average 40 lbs. Fat cattle and sheep will rule high till the spring has fairly set in ; but the butchers find it so difficult to get "in their accounts that they really cannot give long prices. 1 nine cattle arc not worth more than 22s. Gd. per 10 lbs. Fat sheep are worth 3)d. per lb., but the demand is im.ted. Ewes (all ages) in lamb are in demand. Ilorses in low condition are unsaleable. ''"P? tonba ablc tl» '"eve off two or throe drafts ear y in October, or so soon as we have fair feed Sydney, August 17. -Mr. Thomas Dawson reports I-at cattle : Market fully supplied with middling to r!r clu Hity. in which a considerable reduction has taken place during the week. Really prime cattle maintain former quotations. Fat sheep: ho arrivals this week have been numerous, and prices easier in consequence. The hulk of those to ami . .'!!1 "f.,."1" dll"S quality only. Storo ! ' i H, Gep ,Ihe c'caiand for both descriptions is veiy and large transactions could he closed Jl,"n 'S, -'|Uld a"''Ge t0 deliver on Purchased fct.itions which at present they do not seem inclined to do. Ilorses ; 1 lie market is bare of really good «?,?£'« r , a fCW dnift3 of wel1 elected would ' ' l— » J-HlOLCi. SL'n.u.utm; Ticmograi'iiv. — The Qucenslander VmewVS v n1S 'I"C ; — 't appears that some years since tho Netherlands India Government laid down a submarine line from Batavia to Singapore, adis- turioe of about 500 miles. The precaution was taken to lay the cablo along the east coast of Sumatra in the mud, so as to protect it from ciiaf- ').g apai",s.t t,lc fecks generally found at the bottom i?Lr 8GaS: a"d a sum of 'wo millions of guilders was expended on this work. Tho line however only worked for live or six days ; and the fonnU1! '"e enfiiuecrs then tried to repair it, but found tho wire so injured from its contact with rocks, notwithstanding that it was laid down where they were not supposed to exist, that they failed lavin!"? 80' ? Netherlands Government aro now Iayin„ do \ n a cable to Singapore ovor the mainland ?Loi,U!? Me nn(l1?,.IS expected that ic will be finished at the end ol this year. Mr. Val Deldnn I fc'!is 8ul-icct' writes to inform n!f rt i f Nethcriands Indian Government are ' Java with \f 8P a pG?n'V for a lino t0 connect Java with Macassar, and- Macassar with Timor, as bvfhaT M J ohtained dear-bought experience by the fa Jure of tile Singapore line. Ho believes that any line to connect Java with Australia will bostw.!lQrf - ?gaporo line: a,ld tbafc tbo test way of lessening the time in which telegraphic news may bo received from England is by steamers leaving Banjurongi, tho most eastern tolegraphio station of Java, touching at the nearest ports in Australia say Burketown. Port Essington. or Somerset, to ono of which places the Australian telegraph fine might be extended. By that means says Mr Van Delden, we might in two years ge news in Austral a from R„„hn,i 601 MdnerarhfWf V dftyt0ld- is certainly e n- ' 2 force in this view of the question, and it is worthy of consideration before any lar-e outlay femplated is undertaken for a suh marino line of doubtful permanence. Thn 'rTn A-"DI'VIti' Rbsoue F«O» DRowyiXG.— f lo'lowing interesting account of preservation from drowning has been received, says the S SX;?' m Castle,maine, from a passengerTn the Swiftsnro. on her last voyage to England A sailor boy fell from the main top into tho sea In hour6 WAHfo'lg between fen and eleven knots Dn f llle .huoy was thrown to him, which he caught, and in a few minutes the ship was stopped and a boat let down, but by that time he xviL!L lf-1 mH? nStern' P'-«ently a sqlali of Hhoh ? m'SJy mn .0ame on and wo losfc sight of Gv " ?"! the n,aatbe«d : at last the first mate saw it, and the captain noted its direction by the compass, and then bouted ship ' to go back to noi n to or!' 6 raeantln!'j tho wind had shifted three folmnl nl WOrj ar 0 to g0 back to exactly our former and fancy our surprise and joy to lenr the shout of ' The boy is ahead of us, swim- ce'g'jt for the ship I ' A rope was thrown uu.m, nut no missed it, and also lost the life buoy ' hitlet?ed ' o sailmilker jumped into tho sea aft! u ?6 round b,m' and botb were brought ant? ve-v XdY T'-10 la? Was dreadfu»y exhausted and a haif TT Vlng Gn tbo sea o hours and ha f. Ho was well rubbed nnd wrnnned in ttiaUhe hnn?'8' tUt rG "',llld not sleep till he heard hour after?" ' ' WhlCb Was not tiU about an P'LLS— The stomach and its trou- n n» ni.ro dlscomfort and bring more unhap- fl « Uia tsoHl'a Hmm0nly 8upposed- The thousand hv thl ,? there ln?y bo prevented or dislodged hy the judicious use of these purifying pills, wlfich a?naa- a s"re' gentle, nnti-aoid aperient without ?r!„r g .1 nerves oF the most susoeptiblo. or way's d1s w'Mh delicate organisation. Hoilo- oneverv heldiL aW oonfort and confer relief whose tort , I' CBpeptl0' and B'ckly sufferer, I bu?be! n !akrG-hlr? a bVrden 'o himself and been Uio nnntiD, fr,ends. These pills have long a disordered" remedy for a weak stomach, for ' yield wlthoJ t dfffie u a pafaI?8ed digestion. which te'etsa,'0 » 