VICTORIA. i JBy the steamer «' Black Swan,',' which arrivea Tiere early on Sunduy, we have bur files from Melbourne complete to jthe c!ose of last week :— i ' ' ? ? . THE LEVEE. i The Governor's leveej on Thursday, Was more numerously attended than almost any previous ceremonial of .a simiUr character. The proceedings, which included the presentation of several addresses, lasted -for upwards of £wo hours. ? LatlyMafiners-Sutton and during the reception. ? ' ' THE GOVEIINOR'S VISIT TO BAL(.A1MT His Excellency Sir John ,T. H. Manners Sutton was to leave Melbourne for Ballar.it, by special train, on Mon day morning, at a quarter to jiiiie. One of the Ballarat- papers had erroneously announced toat tbe liovernor would re main till Friday. It was- the Argui believed— His Excellency's intention to return to Melbourne, on Tuesday even ing, but it was probable that in the early part of 'the day be would'inspeot some of the mining operations carried on at Ballarat. ? THE nEV. JULIAN WOOES. ' The Roman Catholic, community.*)/ Melbourne are using means to have the Hev. Julian Wjods permanently, sealed among ithem, : He-came there to assist at the consecration of the Bishop of Adelaide, and bis friends aft ttn willing to see tim relegated to the remote wilds of P«nola. As u devotee of Bcjence atid lijterature, Mr. -yoo,di«ould &;anf«^. qjiisitldJilibttetropbHlian 'cjjclefci:!,^ understood that tbe Roman Catholic community of Ballarat, having lost Dr. Shiel, would like to have Mr. Woods settled among them. CONSECRATION OF THE ROMAN CATHO LIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE, AT MEL BrtDfiNB. Ofio of the grandest and most solemn 'of the spootacles of the Roman Catholic Church is the consecration of a bishop; and from the fact that very few Crea tions' take place in the southern hemi sphere, the interest attaching to the ccromonj is extensive. Tbe vaoancy in the present instance has occurred by the decenso ot the Right Rov. Dr. Geoghcgnn, who expired some months since in Dublin, whilst' on a visit to his native land. All who knew the de ceased prelate in Melbourne deeply deplored bis death, as a . scholar, 'a profound thinker, and a most Christian gentleman was (hereby lost to the Church and tie Community. His im mediate successor is Dr. Shiel, hereto fore acting as Archdeacon of Ballaara1, but also known for many years in Melbourneand other districts of Vic toria, as one of the most successful pioneers of Christianity and education. His zeal in each instance has been unceasing, and at length be has been rewarded for hie labours by being elected one of tbe princes pf bis church, and receiving the mitre, one of tbe greatest^ honours conferred by tbe Church of Rome. On Wednesday morning -he was consecrated in St. Francis' Church, Melbourne, in the presence of an immense [congregation. Soon after 1 1 o'clock the procession moved from the vostry, beaded by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Mel bourne ; the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town; the Right Rev. Dr. Eloi- Bishop of Southern Oceanica ; and the Bishop-elect; a large number of priests following in tun train to the sanctuary The con secration service, then began, tbe organ and choir in a burst ot melody com mencing, Mozart's .'TweUth Mass,' Professor Hughes acting es organist. The officiating BibIiod, the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, bad for his asfistunt-deacons to tiie throne the Kev. Henry England and (h« Rev. P. Corbett. The deacons of the mass were the Very Rev. Dr. Hayed, Dean of Sandhurst, end tbe Rev. James Moure, of Keilor, and his lordship's chaplains, tbe Very Rev. Dr. Blcasdale and the Rev. George Barry. The Very Rev. tbe Vicar-General, Dr. Fiupatrick, ncted as assistant priest. The chapluin of tbe Bishop of Ilohart Town was the Rev. S. Reardon. The Very ltev. Dr. Forrest, of St. John's College, Sydney, officiated as chaplain to Bislinn Film*, nnri ilia V*n.« Pat. Ti« Smith, Vicnr-General of Adelaide, in the same capacity to the Right Itev DrShiel. Amongst the clergymen present were the Rev Julian Woods, Penola, S. A. ; Revs P. Downing and — Hoyne, of Geelong; Rev E, A. 0'Dwyer, Sand hurst: Rev W. Finn, Heidelborg; Rev M. Skehan, Creswick; Revs — Kavauagk ond — O'Driscoll, Emerald Hill; Rev B. Power, Ballaorot; Rev C. 0'Hea, Pentridge ; Revs F. Knlly, S J. ; — Lentaigne, S.J. ; — Nolan, SJ.; — MTniry, S.J. The Very Rev Dr Backhaus acted as master of ceremonies. The altar and throne had been beautifully and artistically deco roted, under the supervision of Mr D. Brobkman, clerk of St Francis'. The celebrant was the Right Rev Dr Goold, ?assisted by Bishops Murphy and Elci. 'The ceremonial commenced by robing Mud vesting tbe prelate elect with vest jinenu bf the most handsome and costly i description that could be procured in this portion of the world. He was itlien presented to the Bishop of the :diocese (Dr Goold), and Dean Hayes |read in the Latin tongue, the bull jbat jliad been received appointing Dr Shiel IBishop of Adelaide. Dr Shiel ; tbW took Ore oath ofobediehce to His Holi bess the Pope, and promised to observe jtbe rights of the. See of Adelaide intaot !Hib examination as to the faith en busted to him, his fealty to tbe Pope, irid humility to the. poor, was then proceeaeo. witn oy tbe Bishop of Mel bourne. The litany having been sung, the- hymn ' Veni Creator' was chanted, While the head and bands or the prelate plect were anointed with bo^y chrism, bnd the gloves ?and epfceopal ring panded to him. The consecrating and (consecrated Bishops then said mass to the lesson, and afterwards at tbejsaine feltar together partodk of the same chalice and host. Then having been presented with the pastoral staff, the newly created Bishop moved with the Other flishops 'down the church.. and. bestowed ,his Benediotion o,n the con gregation. ; On returning Jo the altar after mass bad been said the newly consecrated bishop was enthroned by Goold, and receiyed the usual saluta tions from his brother prelates. The ceremony, which lasted nearly three hours, was now concluded, the choir singing the Te Peuin in ihe same manner us: in the .chapel of His Holi ness tiie Pope, ut Rome. Tbe Rov B, Power, of Baltaarat, then .preached the consecrating sermon; taking for his ^ext, 'Go ye, and teach all nations,' Matthew «viii, 19v. After treating l»:e subject m a most scholarly and. .elpquent ? -manner, - tbouefa evidently suffering frpm indispo sition, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, be ?BW:-'.' And now my Lord Bishop, I will claim your indul gence for a moment while I address to you personally a few words on the solemn scene in which you naturally stood out as the principal ' object. In ^obedience to the ^pice.of Peter's succeB spr, you have juibkpifA la. territory and a .flock, to rate 'them us Bishop of the OhufOhofGod. The holy onnoiriimetit has i.lsced yourself on tbe episcopal bench, to assist them with your piety your prudence, and learning, in the mighty work for which the Holy Ghost has set them .apart For tbe burden of tho episcopate, ?humanly speaking, is ipl&leraWe.; You jinust Jean on the ^Imigb'ty arm of Him whose voice has elected you from ainpng men'to bear it. The early training3))!' a ..Spotless life hai fitted you for it— whether it was in the Irish homo of your boyhood, where under the teaching an example of a bishop who is now in the bosom of God and whose sainted same must be familiar to those by whom I am surrounded— tbe late Dr Hughes, of Gibral'Jar— you first were led to devote 'your life to ihe service of God, or in Rome amid the cloisters o) St. IsadoreVconvejiVon tbe Pinoian Hill, where ior years you drank in tbe spirit of your sainted St Francis —the spirit ? of self-sacrifice and hu mility,— or of the cross, or in the ?academic halls already consecrated by the genius, prodigious learning, and holy life of the great Luke Wadding, where you received the honours justly due to your talents. If these be claims sufficient to justify your elevation to the episcopate they are entirely yours. My Lord Bishop, if thirteen years of ar duous foreign mission-life upon the Aus. tralian land are to-day crowned the scene of which we are spectators,' it is only the approving verdict of tbe several flocks whom you guided with fidelity and zeal, and who in return obeyed your holy counsels and practice, as their pastor, with cheerful docility and ardour. Let no poor words ot mine further stay the course of the Holy Spirit in your favour; let the imposing bands and holy anointing bring Him down from on high, filling your heart and brain with tbe gifts of' peace and power to enable you to accomplish the mighty work set apart for you; let the fires pt the Spirit descend upon you, at whose kindling touch the holy priest will be changed into a bishop of God's holy churob, and then, my Lord Bishop elect, with the mitre of justice ou your consecrated head, with the staff of power in y-ur hand, 'go forth and teflcu, and rule tbe new inheritance' of Adelaide assigned to you. Ours will be the grief in parting with you, hers will be the consolation— Victoria loses the faithful and loving priest; she gains the Bishop of her desires. Such are the compensations of a good providence in ih-i ever-shifting scenes of life. Go forth, my Lord Bishop, with the prayers and blessings of your friends and flocks (' for your ftiture happiness here and be* yond tho grave ; and when tbe evening of, I trust, a long life shall by its thick ening shadows warn you that your course has well niirh run out. when surrounded and supported by the affec tion and fidelity of a faithful priesthood and flock, the corona Jratrum may she, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to-day is chanting from Rome to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round it the sweet fra grance of her intercessionary power; may she lead you in tbe dark night of death across the wilderness to Jesus, the eternal Pontiff, who will give you that crown of unfading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith.' The proceedings were then concluded, and! biBbops, doctors, deans, and acolyte left the sanctuary. THE BROWN TD.0UT. The ' Argus' of Monday says :— Our readers will, we doubt not, be pleased to learn tbat the introduction of the brown trout. to Victorian waters has been successfully accomplished, da, Saturday morning two boxes, estimated' to contain about 1,800 ova, arrived by tbe Southern Cross, having been ?will. These boxes were ;on Saturday *' I |taken up to Sunbnry by Mr. Sprimr,' I ihe secretary to the ; Acclimatisation Society, and Mr.. ' Langwill, and the' lova were carefully removed ' and de-' p ? TliVm -he ^oxe*. PrePared fo' them I % ^al * P™* b* Mr- W. J-CUrke.; 1 Dr. Biack had on the previous day I visited the creek, and seen that ever/- I thing was t eady for the reception of tbe I pra. When the boxes were opened it I Was found that about two-thirds of tbe I ova were alive, end it is anticipated I pat, if the delicate operation of in- I pregnating the ova has been properly I E™?'?1- tae«' willbe some etooV I 700 fry hatched within a few weeks. I THE 'PALM TUBE' CASE. ! Further w:tnesses were examined for the defence in the 'Palm Tree' case On the 17th instant, at tbe Willimns n'f M.C»er Court' Jane Q'iItT a'd Bridget M'Mahon very strongly deny- ; ing the truth of tbe allSgatwns made against them and the officers !of the ship. The investigation was krought to a conclusion on Saturday. The doc tor bf the ship was fined. £2, with . £3 costs, and ordered to undergo ten days' imprisoment in ?Melbourne gaol ; the third officer was finedilie same amount, with £3 costs, and sentenced -to seven days imprisonment; and the first and, second officers w«ro fined £2 each, or dered to pay 40s. oosts, and to go H- gaol, for one -hour. The magistrate*, found that the defendants had been guilty of- familiarity, but 'toot of im morality, withvstfme of the passengers, arid the. decision.' bF the Bench, therefore, leaves too itain of criminality on any of tbe young women concerned in the case. . The Supreme Court will be moved fora ' writ, of prohibition to set aside this jujlgmen^, on the :groi»nd Ibat tbe of ficers oi a ship cannot be punished under the rules framed for the purpose of being carried out by them : and the dBrendaht*1 'werWhefd' io bail Until Friday (yesterday). Jl 