TWADDLE PAPERS—NO. II. I AM always being done; I am continually cheated; I am everlastingly being swindled; I cannot hire a cab without having to pay treble the proper fare, and getting abused into the bargain. Bargain, did I say? I am eick of bargains; I have been coinpletely done at sales; I have purchased clocks at auction with not the ghost of a go in them; chairs devoid of any fundamental principle; tables that have turned upon me by reason of legs too bad even for HOLLOWAY'S ointment to relieve, not to mention cure; bedsteads improperly screwed, and drawers as rickettv as an unwholesome baby, and bare of locks as the last victim of the black oxide of copper pomade. I am fond of Worcestershire sauce, provided that it is really LEA and PERRINS'; it reconciles me to a mutton chop, and takes the sting out of cold meat. Last week I went to a sale, and a case of ever-so-many dozens of "Worcestershire," according to the auctioneer, was up for sale. I bid madly, and found that I had purchased at the retail price of the real a roomful of filthy, spurious stuff, only fit for cheap eating-houses. I purchase wild fowl in the streets, "warranted shot that morning;" when taken home they are found to be green and putrid. I purchase a large schnapper in the fish market, and when I step into the railway train everybody else steps out; and for weeks my friends avoid me, as the perfume of that dreadful fish still continues to pervade my clothes. Why am I thus victimised ? Why do tradesmen play upon me ? Only Saturday last I was cheated by a mere child, at a cheap toyshop, in the simple transaction of a purchase of sixpenny-worth of marbles; and only the day before I bought a large thick-looking three-cornered jam tart at a Caledonian pie shop, and when I got home' it had collapsed to the thinness of sixpence, and it contained no jam to speak of. These are not a tithe of my troubles. Cannot something be done? Surely so conscientious a person as the ATTORNEY-GENERAL should endeavour to make tradesmen honest by Act of Parliament, or consolidate something that will have a like effect. 