[?] Lord Palmekstok ah an Irish Landlord. \- — A correspondent of Saunders's .2V 'civs- Letter gives the following picture of the late Viscount as an Irish, landlord :-.' Lord Palmerston, be 1 Bides owning sonieeigkt thousand acres in and T -«.- round Dublin— where the tenantry did not re tire any fosterhig care, the most of the property i being building ground, held two large estates in ' the ' county Sligo— one near Ballyinore, chiefly I 1 let to' large' farmers and graziers, and the other at ClifWey, tenanted by small holders. This r,,, estate, let to four or five middlemen, at the ex ''' piration of the leases on the deaths of William ?'??? TV.: anri the Kinsr 'of Hanover, was found ' ' ? covered with a numerous population, paying . exorbitant rents, His lordship, while giving , annuities for sixty-one years' leases of adequate farms, to the representatives of the middlemen, set the rest of the estate to the sub-tenants at ' one-half or one-third of their previous rents, doing away with the ' rundle ' or ' common ' ,, , system, .and giving each tenant his own holding. line estate was squarea witnout one eviction, an ? wishing tb go to America getting free passages, '? 'with ' permission to sell their cattle and grain, ,'. the arrears of rent forgiven, and a sum of money, according to the number of the family, on land ing. A story is told that when his agents, ; Messrs. Stewarts and Kincaid, had arranged for '?'''ti:t rate of passages, his lordship wrote to the d- ^shipowner that if the rates agreed upon would f . .. uot allow the best treatment and food on ship ^!, board to 'his people,' the contract should be f' ' 'cancelled: and one made to treat them well. J r On being informed that the merchant was con fi tent with the price, he replied, to give 'a tum o ; J-ler of hot ruin punch every Sunday after dinner -v . to his people,' which was carried out in three or '. , ., four ships ; biH on being remonstrated with by ? ' the'' clergy that this was a bad example, he \- - ) ordered the shipowner in the other vessels to ( , m . give, coffee and biscuit after dinner. These little .. f-) traits will, show the character of , the man. On the Cliffoney estate, which comprises nearly the \ ] ' -whole parish of Ahamlish and a portion of others, -'??? lie Settled on the parish priest a glebe of eleven ;' .acres, 'with a house that cost £000, for the use ...; of, the parish for ever, the, respected priest be)nj- ,'_.., the Rev. Mnlachi Brcnnan, who calls it ' Palmer - ;.f; feton Glebe ;' and we are happy to' say that thif ,t -'gentleman will be one of the honorary chaplains I to the incoming lord mayor. He offered to th- . ? . ?? ' Protestant vicar of they parish, double the quuu . jtity . of. land, jvhich \\-ras refused '.because a globt , 'was'not built, but1 which Lord ^Pahnei'aton ha:. kept for the next incumbent, being let only from . year to year, and called the 'Glebes Lands.' \VV trust that his successor will carry out his views in this respect. Though having no residence in Ireland, he could not be ranked as an absentee, as he spent from one-half to two-thirds of the* Cliffoney rental in building the harbour at Mul laghmore, improving the estate by drainage and roads, and planting bent and the pmus maritima over 1600 acres of blowing sands, which effectu ally stopped their spreading over the property. The tenant-right on this estate sells at £10 to. £12 per acre, but the consent of the agents must be obtained as to the purchaser.' ? The Duke of Alba. — The brother-in-law of Xapoleon 111. is a short, little man, who has something icy about his whole manner. Small and weak, his face displays an alabaster hue, which gives him a ghost-like aspect. In Spain the story- is current, that the duke was buried before he was born. When his mother was enciente with him, she was taken so desperately ill, that all the attempts to restore her remained fruitless. The duchess died far from Madrid, at a chateau which had always been her favourite residence. She was buried in the family vault ; and, as is the custom of the Spanish nobility, several valuables, among others her rings, were put into the coffin. The treasures which had been left to oblivion with the duchess, aroused the cupidity of some ruffians ; they broke into the vault on the night following the funeral, robbed the dead woman, arid would not leave the coffin till they had plucked a flashing diamond from the finger of the corpse. The . diamond was on the little finger, and would not come off. This gave the body- snatchers the truly cannibal idea of cutting the finger. The pain' aroused the apparently dead woman ; she came to her senses, sat up in the coffin, and, by her unexpected awakening, put the robbers to flight. When they departed, they forgot to close the vault. The duchess f&und; sufficient strength to quit her coffin, and- return to the chateau, where she was at first taken for a ghost, and a priest was calledv-to exercise it. But as he was unable to banish the spectre, the people in the chateau gradually began to believe in her corporal existence. The duchess recovered, and gave birth to a boy, who has never lost the deadly pallor which he brought- into the ' world with him. — Napoleon the Ihir eland his Court. By a Retired Diplomatist. The Appetite of a Fish.— The labrum is a fish mentioned by Pliny, and rather vaguely described as a kind of ravenous fish, seeing that every fish is by nature utterly and entirely ravenous. The elegant .trout, who flies in the wildest terror if you show the tip of your nose, will eat nearly his own .weight of bleak and dace oh a hot still June evening. A pike has been known to rti3h at a fish well-nigh the size of himself, and even to dash at a mvde's nose ! I have known a fishing-frog lose its life in an in sane attempt to swallow a wooden scoop, the proprietor of which objected to the proceeding. It is but a short time since an account appeared in jf/te Times of a fish which had swallowed, among other matters, two broken bottles, a quart pot, a sheep's head, a' triangular piece of eartkenware, and a lobster, while in its liver the spine of a slcate was comfortably embedded ! — All the Year Round. ' , The Life of Makte Antoinette.1—' I think I have been successful with the king, and feel exceedingly grateful for his kindness. I am not quite sure that I understand my aimts— they are sometimes demonstrative, sometimes cold. As for the sisters of M. le Dauphin, they never vary. Clotilde is sweetness itself, always smil mcr, wishing to please every one, and succeeding in making herself loved by all ; at thirteen she is as formed as if she were twenty. Elizabeth is eight, and requires a great deal of management Monsieur will never commit himself, and keeps himself within his stiff cravat. I never dare speak before him since 1 heard him blame Clotilde merely for a little fault in grammar — the poor child did not know where to hide her self. The Comte; d'-Artpis is careless as a little page, and does riot trouble himself about, grammar or anything else. There remains Madame de B- — , ? whom I have never yet mentioned to you-- 1 have behaved towards her with the reserve you recommended : I was made to sup with her, , and she adopted a half respect ful, embarrassed, protecting tone. I shall not deviate from vour counsels, which I have not mentioned to M. le Daiiphin, who cannot endure J her, but does not show his dislike, from respect j for the king. She, holds a regular court; am bassadors, and all persons of distinction, demand to be presented to her. Without appearing to notice them, I have heard a variety of curious stories ; she has a crowd rouud her like a prin cess, she says a litble word to each^-rin fact, she reigns. It rains at this moment I am writing ? to you ; it must be because she permits it. On | the whole, she is a good-natured person.' But \ the following is in a far deeper and sadder tone though expressed with the same delicate tact : — '* My dear mother knows, that my pleasures here are very little varied ; the evenings when there is play are very fatiguing. I am most careful not to do anything that can possibly give offence 1 am not quite sure if the same indulgence and consideration are shown to myself. But in this feeling I may be mistaken, for the king is always so good to me. The day before yesterday at his fate, which is also that of the dauphin, they played some symphonies on the- violin, ?which did much amuse me. I should like' a little German music, but do not venture to praise Oluck, for. fear of giving offence. Will my .lear mother forgive me if 1 say that I have mom'ents of deep melancholy, which I strivef in vain to shake off- This may arise from my change of life; and the entire separation from ohe tender endearments of former! days,- I sliall jver look fondly back to that time when it was ny happiness to listen to. you, arid 1 recall thbse ?vords which are dear to me as my faith. I ltiss ;our hands iri respectful affection, and embrace ?.ny brothers and 'sisters.!' How could a young , md i 'vvarm spirit .endure the dull, tedious etiquette of llns artificial, vapid court? ? 'There .s here,' she writes again, ' too much etiquette ior'ariy family circle. The king is always good' to me; but he lives by himself, and rarely admits us to his table ; and as all the members of the family do the same, we but rarely meet. My aunt Sophie is, I am sure, un ame d' elite ; she always looks as if she had fallen, from the clouds. Sometimeas she does not open her lips for weeks. On the whole, the court is melan* choly rather than gay; the severe forms are most annoying. I am happy with the dauphin, who is very polite and civil to me. He spoke to me the other day of the project of a journey to Vienna, but I do not think the king will let us go ; he always says that he requires his daughter to enable him to live.'— Historic Pictures. By A.Baillie Cochrane, M. P. Woman.- -It is idle, with the Scriptures before us, to argue with the inferiority of woman from the fact of her subordination. If religion be the grand reality, the great end and aim of human life, woman has ever been distinguished for her elevated faith. Her claims to equality in this primary matter, admit of no dispute — rest not on feeling or opinion, but upon the immutable basis of fact. In acts she has been valiant ; in mental endowments, dignified ; in faith, tinwav ering. A wolnan saved the life of the infant destined to be the law-giver of the Jews ; a woman, Miriam, was associated with him in his mission, and sung her chorus to his song ; a woman, Deborah, judged Israel in a time of great danger, and delivered the nation out of its diffi mil+.ies : a woman. Hannah, was nermitted to be among the earliest prophesiers of the Messiah's coming, and the very first to call him by the hallowed name of Saviour ; a woman, the Virgin Mother, was the first disciple, the first to de mand from others unqualified obedience to the Redeemer ; women ministered unto the Lord of their substance ; women were faithful unto death in the hour of his mortal agony ; women com prised a considerable portion of the first church of Jerusalem ; a woman, Lydia, was the first convert of the first European Church ; a woman, Priseilla, was permitted to be an associate in teaching a purer doctrine to the eloquent Apollos ; a woman, Phcebe, was recognised by Paul as 'a servant of the church ;' women, throughout the whole apostolic age; were'' suc- courers ' of the saints, ' fellow-helpers ' of the apostles in the Gospel. These are solemn facts, not quoted to excite pride or a mean and inju rious spirit of rivalry, but to deepen the convic tion of responsibility, to show that Christian womanhood has now, as in former times, a mighty work to perform ; that trivial pursuits, petty aims, neglected talents^ are unworthy of her ; that the exigencies of the present age have claims upon her of no unimportant kind ; and that, as spiritually descended from these sacred heroines, it is her duty to be 'thoroughly fur nished to every good word and work.' Wher ever there is ignorance, it is her duty to aim to remove it ; wherever there is suffering, it is her privilege to alleviate it ; wherever there is impunity, it is ner prerogative to destroy it. Childhood and youth look up to her for example her erring and suffering sister- woman claims from her aid and sympathy. Man requires that she ' open her mouth with wisdom;' and her tongue should be 'the law of kindness.' The Church gathers around her, and says, ' Be thou faithful unto death,' and thou shalt inherit 'a crown of everlasting life.' — Mrs. Clara Balfour, in Our Own Fireside. 