GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. THE FIRST APPREHENSION FOR NIGHT POACH- ING.—One of our sporting fellow-townsmen has got into a scrape which will make him the first offender against the provisions of the game law, which came into operation on the first of this month. Being passionately fond of shooting, he went out the other night, fully equipped on horseback, to indulge in the pastime, the new law to the contrary notwithstand- ing. Getting to a favourite spot, he left his horse, and, as fortune favoured him, returned to it occa- sionally. When seeking his steed for the last time the animal could not be found, and as it was very dark he was obliged to abandon the search and go home without it. In the morning the police, finding the horse wandering about, took charge of it, and, upon inspecting the saddle-bags, discovered two plump black ducks which had evidently been recently shot. A short while after, the sportsman made his appearance, and claimed the horse as is property. The animal was handed over to him, minus the ducks, and he is to appear before the bench, on the 20th instant, to answer for the dead ducks found in his saddle-bags. As the clauses of the new Act are very stringent, he is pretty certain to be mulcted in a fine.--Bathurst Times. PROPOSED RESTRICTION OF FREE SELECTION.-- In the Assembly, yesterday, Mr Buchanan gave no- tice that he would next Tuesday move:--"That in the opinion of this House, the enormous reserves that have taken place under the land law of 1861, have rendered that law, as far as the bulk of the people is concerned, in a great measure a dead letter. That under the present law the principle of free se- lection is crippled in so serious a degree as to render it almost extinct, and consequently to deprive the people of all chance of settling permanently on the waste lands of the Crown. That under these cir- cumstances, it is desirable to secure to the people every advantage which the land law of 1861 pre- tended to confer upon them, but which the power of reservation contained in it completely and effectually defeats. For the purpose therefore of affording the people a readier and easier acess to a settlement on the waste lands of the Crown, it is desirable that the present law--as utterly inimicable to the advance- ment and best interests of the people--should be so altered and improved as to embody the principle of clearly defined agricultural areas, incapable of stul- tification by any power of reservation whatever; and by the adoption of which principle large tracts of the finest agricultural land in the country shall be set aside in every district for the purpose of free se- lection, and in such quantities as to meet all the demands of the people. That the embodiment in law of such a principle as this, while it will enable the free selector to get whatever land he requires with the greatest ease and facility (which under the present law is nearly impossible), it will also confer upon the country the very great advantage of wit- nessing both the agricultural and pastoral interests of flourishing alongside each other, but never ex- posed to the possibility of injuring each other by collision."--Empire. SHOCKING ACCIDENT AT ARMIDALE.--During the early part of Wednesday forenoon, a melancholy and fatal accident occurred to Mr Thomas M'Carthy, the engineer in charge of the machinery at Mr John Moore's flour mill, in Beardy-street, Armidale. When our reporter arrived at the mill, the unfortu- nate man had been removed from the scene of the accident to his cottage, in the rear of the establish- ment, but from the information which the proprietor kindly afforded, it was painfully apparent that one of the most shocking accidents had occurred that had ever been witnessed in the town. From this source it was ascertained that, while Mr M'Carthy was in the act of oiling a portion of the machinery, which was worked with hands, on the second floor, and within about three feet of a window, his jacket, which was of an elastic woollen fabric similar to those worn by females in winter, caught in a part of the works, and without the slightest warning, whirled him round the shaft, at every turn of which his feet came in contact with the windows. His faint cries arrested the attention of the miller, at work on the same floor, who, at a moment discover- ing the accident, saw that nothing could be done to save him but by stopping the engine, which he did in about one minute, or in what Mr Moore consi- dered a remarkably brief period, and then ran to the unfortunate sufferer. On his return, in company with Mr Gill, another employee on the establish- ment, they found M'Carthy in a dreadful condition. The unfortunate man's feet, at every turn of the engine, fell on the window till it had battered every particle of it from the frame, and when this was gone the feet, to some distance above the ankles, beat on the window till they became an undefined mass, and the pieces strewed ever the ground be- neath. The left arm hung helplessly by his side, having been broken during the revolutions of the shaft in several places, and the ceiling, walls, and machinery, around the floor of the accident, were sprinkled with blood to a distance of ten or twelve feet. Drs West and Spasshatt, and E. Baker, Esq., were quickly in attendance after the sufferer had been removed, and after consultation concluded it best to defer any surgical applications for an hour. At the end of this period, Dr Spasshatt found that M'Carthy was rapidly sinking. The Very Rev Dean Lynch was sent for, who administered to the evidently dying man; and, as one o'clock struck, the spirit fled, and released him of his pains. He retained his faculties, and was able to answer inqui- ries, up to four or five minutes of death.-- Armidale Express. NEW REMEDY FOR BALD HEADS.--The Wagga Wagga Express remarks that about a year ago the accidental discovery of the wonderful properties pos- sessed by the oxide of copper, from the mines near Orange, in restoring the growth of the human hair, created quite a sensation amongst the bald of this colony, and induced a very large demand for the ar- ticle to spring up. We now hear of another remedy which appears likely to throw it altogether into the shade, and to establish for itself a reputation for promoting the growth of hirsute crops unequalled by any preparation which the art of the chemist has yet produced. As an instance of the virtues of the ap- plication we allude to, we may state that a year or two since one of our townsmen became painfully conscious that his hair was daily getting thinner and thinner, and at last the crown of his head became veritably bald. Being of rather a scientific turn of mind, and having heard of the Orange oxide, he thought that the application of other preparations in which copper might be present might very possibly prove equally successful, and about six months since he determined upon experimentalising upon his bald pate with the "blue stone water" from the local batteries of the telegraph office. The station master offered no objections, and the cranium of our bald friend was therefore at due intervals well bathed in the minerally impregnated liquid from the batteries. The result exceeded his most sanguine hopes. Not only was the thinning process arrested, but a new and stronger crop began to spring up, and a healthy growth also appeared upon and spread over the bald place, which is now almost as thickly covered any part of the head. PRISONER'S ESCORT.--John Clarke, awaiting trial at the Goulburn assizes on the 9th of October next on the charge of murdering the blackfellow Billy Noonang, was convoyed from Braidwood Gaol to Goulburn on Monday last, accompanied by Ellen Connell the principal witness in the case. The latter after the trial will be removed to Darlinghurst Gaol in pursuance of the sentence of five years imprison- ment passed upon her at the last Braidwood sessions for passing stolen notes.--Braidwood Dispatch. A RELIC FROM THE CAWARRA.--An oysterman, whilst dredging in the Hunter, on Thursday last, at a place some five or six miles from the scene of the late wrecks, and some distance above Bullock Island, picked up a brass cannon, which belonged to the Cawarra, and which is supposed to have floated up the river on part of the wreck. The gun weighs about three or four hundredweight, and was sold to Mr Fraser, boat builder. It has a canvass covering and looks none the worse for its immersion in the water.--Newcastle Chronicle. DARING ENCOUNTER WITH A TIGER.--Information was brought to the Customs Post at Patun, in the Baitool district that a man-eating tiger had taken up his abode in the neighbouring jungle, whereupon four customs peons sallied out, armed with muskets and swords, to the attack. The lord of the forest was seen and fired at by all four musketeers, when the wounded beast charged upon his assailants, two of whom, believing the old adage that "prudence is the better part of valour," beat a hasty retreat, leaving two of their comrades, both Sikhs and brothers, to face the enraged animal; this they did most manfully, one of them receiving the tiger on his bayonet, while the other slashed away at him with his sword. We have seen the musket used on the occasion, which is terribly splintered and scratched, and the bayonet almost doubled in two. So effectually was the attack made, and with indomitable pluck maintained, that Mr Jack-in-stripes was at length laid low, the victors coming of unscratched. --Central India Times, May 12. The Ballaarat Star gives the following further particulars of the Warrenheip ghost:--"The crazy candle story which has arisen in Warrenheip, and been spiced with a considerable amount of the su- pernatural by the ghost-believing propensities of one or two residents in that well-known quarter, has caused some little amusement in the district, and a number of persons have visited the house of the Faheys situated near M'Gill and Coghlan's brewery, at which the peculiar phenomena are said to have been witnessed. On Thursday the house was in- spected by a number of persons from various parts of the district curious to unravel the ridiculous tale; and although the Fahey family appeared strong in their belief that candles had been lighted and dis- placed in the house by some mysterious agency, they seemed singularly alone in such an outrageous opinion. One point in this most ridiculous of ghost stories is, that the candles were only said to be lighted after the persons had left the room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when any one was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday, with candles strewed about in the house in extravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in the most approved fashion, as if a wake had just been celebrated; and perhaps the proximity of the haunted dwelling to the brewery, and the well-known quality of the beer, may be reasonably taken in support of this view of the case." THE SQUATTING INTEREST IN PARLIAMENT.--A return has just been laid upon the table of the House, by the order of Mr Piddington, showing the extent to which members of the Legislature are interested as Crown tenants in the lands of the colony. The return shows that the runs held by hon. members include 8,040,867 acres, and the rate of rent and assessment ranges from one-third of a penny per acre, up to a penny and one-twelfth. The number of members holding runs is thirty three. The largest holder is Mr Forlonge, who rents no less than 1,772,840 acres at five-twelfths of a penny per acre, and the smallest holder is Mr Eagar, who rents 19,000 acres at three-eighths of a penny per acre. No one but Mr Forlonge holds a million acres, though Mr Phelps comes very near it, as he pays for 960,240 acres. In the settled districts only 285,286 acres are held by members of the Legislature, 57,814 acres being held by members of the Upper House, and 285,286 by members of the lower. All this land is held either under auction lease or pre-emptive leases, and with one exception it is held at the uniform rent of three farthings per acre. The exception consists of 5970 acres near Mudgee, held by the Hon G. H. Cox, and which carries a rent of twopence farthing per acre. As a whole, therefore, the land held under auction and pre-emptive leases in the settled dis- tricts does not pay a better rent than that held in the other districts, much of the latter being more highly rented, though some is less so. The follow- ing is the list of the names of members holding runs, arranged in order as to the extent of acreage held by them either individually or in conjunction with other lessees:--Messrs Forlonge, Phelps, White, Osborne, H. Cox, Josephson, Lloyd, Hay, Ogilvie, H. Gordon, Cooper, and Blaxland, A. Campbell, G. Lord, Lee, Macleay, Mate, Wallace, Hurley, Chisholm, Towns, Cummings, Landale, Grahame, F. Lord, Manning, E. Cox, J. Campbell, Danger, Dodds, Morrice, De Salis, Eagar. Three other hon. members, viz., Messrs Stimpson, Terry, and Smart, hold auction or pre-emptive leases in the settled districts, though they do not hold runs. Altogether, therefore, there are thirty-six members of the Legislature who, to some extent or other, are Crown tenants.--S. M. Herald. A most painful family incident occurred recently through the gross stupidity of the telegram. Hap- pily, all ended well. The brother of a young man, who had received the red ribbon from the Emperor, telegraphed off to their parents in his joy:--"Henry is decorated"--"Henri est decore." Instead of which the telegraph delivered "Henry is dead"-- "Henri est Decede." They hastened to Paris full of grief, but found their grief was turned to joy. 