THE NAVAL TRAINING-SHIP AT MELBOURNE. Ferhaps tba moat interesting object now to be seen on Ibo waters of Hobson'a Bay ii toe reoently estab- lished nautical school or training ship, whioh ooonpios moorings about half a mile from Williamstown. A description of the ves«el appeared in 'the columns of thia journal some , months ago, and the purposes for willoh she was intonded wera than indicated. Doubt- less, some information: respecting'the! progress of tba institution will now be received with interest. First .of all. a change of some consequence in the character, of the vessel mnst be notioed. It was originally intended to make if. torre the doable mirposo of a block-ship and training TJISCI, bat it has since been - deemed advisable to employ it simply as a place of in attuotioD. ,The four ; broadside gonn : with whioh'the vessel was originally armed have, therefore, been returned to the steam'sloop Viotorla, from whence tbey were obtained,, and the pivot gun - is, now ? dqing service atone of the'shore batteries. At present the training ship ls without guns of,,any sort, but a fe* brass twelve-pounders" for exercising purposes will shortly be supplied. In the meantime, preliminary gun drill is being proceeded wltb. The conditions on wbioh bojs are admitted'!'to the venel ero, perbap», not generally understood, and it' will not be ont of place to repeat them.. .Children described in the Aot as .' neglected" may be sent thither at the discrétion of the .magistrates before whom they are brought, provided that they have committed no crime; and parents who' are unable to, control, boys of. an unruly dispoiition may apply to 'justices for an order directing tho detention of their intractable offspring on board tho vessel for a certain number of years. No boy, however, can be received without a magistrate's warrant, and In consequence of . this provision applications from parents who desire to obtain for their, children tho advantage, of snob a thorough nautical o Incition as tho training establish- ment will alford hsvo been repeatedly refused.' Any surprise that may bo excited by the frequenoy.of such ' a plications will cease when tho general character of the youthful sailors is understood. With a few ex- ceptions, the boys aro not badly disposed, and after some months' experience, tho officers find that they are not worse, to deal, with than ordinary sohoofhots, : Betides,'tbe supervision exercised over them is of snob ia viligant character that all misconduct ls speedily dete'oted and punished. Tho operation of the sst.kai : already supplied the vessel with 116. boys, land ..there is accommodation for a few more. Nominally, tho'full number will not be .reaohed until 209 are on board ; but although as. many, or oven more than, th!», could be received, the vessel with such a number would be inconveniently, and, porhaps, dan*, gerously crowded. Indeed, with nearly ISO boys, and ' twenty officers there is not mach room to ' spare even now ; and before adding materially .to toe number "of inmates the possible consequences of over-crowding Bbould be considered. The first thing that strikes a visitor, on entering the« ship ia the extreme neatness and cleanliness wbioh are everywhere apparent. The upper'deok is as spotless as the ttble of u caroftil housewife, and every piece of metal visible shines, ..aa if a staff pf. boya were kept specially for burnishing. " Down '> below, »here is a similar display , cf'," cleanliness" and';. good order, although on - some ooea«ioaa the trim appearance of the ' middle deck issomewhat impaired by the perf. nuance of a very necessary dnty. The writer happened'to visit the ship ba "the day set apart for mending clothes and he hod the pleasure of seeing tho bojs very industriously employed. Every I Ui on entering is supplied with a complete suit of clothes, bot ho' is made to understand that lt will be bis duty to keep them In repair. A ship's tailor is . constantly on beard, who teaches the boys tko nae of needle and thread, and cuts out for them the picots of cloth or calico they may require. Some of the lads become very expert sewer», sud learn to repair torn garments and sew on buttons very - expedi ¡ tiously.. . For'tbd preiervatlon of his clothes, eaoh boy is prov ded with a water-proof bag, whioh heirs a num- ber coi responding to that of the owner on the ship's books."'". . . ."'. Bot the.more serions duties pertaining to a training Hblp ought td receive our first attention. Tbese-may be .divided lato two.elassus-naval and school educa- tion.* Greater prominence ls of conreo given to. the former thau to the latter; but still the schoolmaster bas ..Balficient, opportunities to enable him to teach' bis' pupils bow to write * fair hand, to read tolerably well. and. to master the prlnolpal rulot, of arithmetic .'.The boye are early taught lo maa th» yards, ;td reef .and loose" sails, sad brace round 'the yards, ss in tacking and wearing, hiving previously learned the names of the ; various -masts, yards, ropes. &a.; They are a'soinstructed as to'the names of all tho rigging, and blocks, and lo show how to make the various knots and spllocs. ..These duties ate alternated with gunnery , exeroises, and ' with ' boating. For the. latter purpose," a' number of boys are ' selected (o man tho boats, in which they are taught thé various sailing .volutions and rowing. ' To get through all these duties, the working boors must necessarily* be long. In the summer all nundigo turned up at, five o.m., and an hour and a half ls' spent in deaning the deoki, I stowing the hammocks, bathing, &&' The breakfast hoar . is half-past six ; ana until dinner ' time, whioh is at noon, the boys, are .receiving varions kinds of instruction. At ' five o'clcok, supper ; time arrives, ' and with it the work for the day ceases. All hands must be in bed before nine o'clock, when the." rounds".are performed. In spring end autumn the boor of rising ia half an hour later, and in wittier banda are not ordered up nntil half past six o'clock,' while ? bedtime arrives In spring and autumn half an hour and in winter an hour earlier than In summer ¡ 'The regulations observed on boord a man-of war are followed as olosBly ss possible, and the day is regularly divided into watcboi. At night, however, no watches are kept, tho vessel being then treated as a i ship in'harbour. Notwithstanding the difficulties inseparable from the ¡formation of snob an institution, the result of the last few months* training has been encouraging. Con- siderable progress has been mada by the young nautical students, and with a few exceptions thoy all seem [desirons of increasing their knowledge. Alroidy salis can be bent, unbent, and furled with readiness, and tho operation of sending the topgallant yards on deck, has beon frequently performed. Babool duties, moreover, have not been neglected, as was satisfactorily shown by the remit of tome examinations whioh were reoently told. A monthly register is kopt of tho progress made by evory boy in both classes of instruction, andtherois .a genero! examination every quarter, the results of whioh are entered, in a book, styled " 'the Record of Prouress Book." The school cxnminati ri 1B conducted by tho schoolmaster, and the examination in Btntnan shlp is superintended by tho officor in oomraand, assis t*;d by tho gm nor and the boatswain's mate. Any bay, after six months' service, may obtain a hadijr, con- sisting of a chevron, of silver luce, together with pay at. tho rato bf 3d, per day, provided that bo r aises ono of th«se examination! ; and alter a second half year's service- similar conditions having been ooinplied with - the pa] is., doubled,,, and an , additional badge granted,,. .' ,.It ", js . provided [j. however,* ,b/,V tho rey illations,, 'that, only half of tho wages shall be páid during service,, the , remainder being predltvd to the hoy's account,, and banded to bim when ; be leaveí;the,vea»el.. Those, advantages are not to¡ bo. ' obtained, without a Hood deni'bf. application,. ,In order . tobe successful, the oahdidste for the badge and pay, < muit 'JraoB toe .nsmes of, rt» maits aad jard«, fhe i .' ' 3r -M.;, " " ''^ .i sndiof and sotae of tba ronniog rigg log i ba mort'ba ' able to pall in a boat; ssoet bava a knowledge of lb« comptai and laid lin*, and be abl* to maka all the benda, bitches, knota, Ac., betide having a knowledge ' of the different parti of a topsail. '- ID addition to this, th« candidate mast be considerably advanced in cnn, rifle, and sword drill ; ind, finally, he most be suffi ciently proficient in his school studies to be able to read and write well, to write f'irly from diotatlon, to know orithmetio as far aa limpie division, to have n general knowledge of tho outlines of geography and h is'orr, and to have made satisfactory pr groas in religions knowledge. With inoh a high standard as this, and remembering tbut few of the boys aro over twolvo Tears of agc, while many aro not more than nine or ten, it is not surprising that soarcely any haye aa yet succeeded in passing tho examination, particularly as failure in on* single point amounts to a total disqualifi- cation. Only one boy ¡snow in receipt of pay; but it is gratifying to know that at an examination held vory recently, there wore ton who failed meroly in consé- quence of ono or two tri fl ng dvflcioncies The*e are to be allowed another chanco in a month's timo, when it is thought they will have surmounted the slight difficul- ties which now stand in their way. It must not ba imagined from what has boon written above that the lives of the youths ander training are those of- "all work and no play." On Thursday after- noons the ordinary duties are suspended, and those who are fortunato enough to have no no dlowork to do' ' are allowed to co ou shoro, accompanied, of coarse,1 ''by instructors. Saturday is' another Vliberty day;" and , leave is aleo granted on Sundays, after church. Boys, wbose'parents reside in town, oro allowed to visit them once a week, and a fortnight's leave at Christmas and Easter is granted to those who havo friends to take care of them. On the ordinary leave-days tho boys aro permitted to indulgí in a reasonable amount of recreation on shore, and a fund bas boen established to provide them with cricket- ing materials, &o.; ; while games of chess, draughts, dominoes, ito , are permitted on board in the evenings. Dancing is one of the amusements recognised br the regulations, and it is intended to engage a fiddler to supply the musio, and to teach tho troys, the steps. Divine service, conduated by the officers, ls held every Snndayr snd after a little praotioa tho boys have learned to sing-very fairly. ' With the assistance of an h.rnaonium, plnyel by one of the ofliOers, the Church of England servios is gone through creditably j. and some of the responsos,'which are ordinarily spokes, are even obnnted, . v..' One word^before oopolodiog, ought, to be, said with reference to the physical condition of the children» The!.- appearance indicates the enjoyment of thoroughly sound .health, and it isea«y,,to see that the liberal diet provided is done foll justloo to. In foot, it would be diflioult to Sod kt> «ny public establishment a more healthy looking set of boys-, . " , The. numerous.and varied duties belonging to'tho vessel are' discharged by twenty oflicers, as follow: I/ieotenont in command, Mr. G. A. Woods ; sub- lieutenant/ Mr. F. O- . Handfiejd s,r. paymaster, Mr. Grainger ; assistant- paymaster, > boatswain,' gunner, carpenter, naval schoolmaster and assistant, and eloven petty ofüners. -Argue, March ia-;í- " - I; FAT MBN AND NERVOUS MBH.-The nerves ure' the objects of systematic enmity and depreciation »moog mankind at large. Fat however it may excite com- plaint in the fat person, is not,- ? ' believe, an objrot of enmity,except in sh omnibus,.or in some poiition where it occupies an unusual portion of the planetary space. Frophetlo denunciations against snob as be fat in Z'on ore on record ; hone against snob' ns' be, nervous; Yet the fat man is tolerated, loved, at worst, laughed at j while the nervous man is not only, laughed M, ho is disliked. ' But is it ist that has been the chief bene- factor, of the haman race? Was it a fat man that invented printing?. .Wai it a fat man 'that discovered tho circulation of tue blood 1 ' Was George Stephenson fat? Were the martyrs fat men ?."? Heliogâbilus was, but'was* "Antoninus ? 'Julius i Casar,, though-for-bis own'selfish ends he preferred fat men about Iiis person,' was he fat himself 1 Was Hampden a fat man ? Was. Milton ? Was Cromwell.?. Was William lil, ? No ; or was George IV. who waa the 'fat man ; and be built the pavilion .at Brighton. Charles James Fox was fat ; 'but ibo gmbled. Falstaff was fat ; but he was net a respectable character. Hamlet, again was fat j hut- he: believed in ghosts, and was.a'very ande-, oided youngman. The fattest man of modern timts is a distinguished' undertaker-he may make good collio«, but I am not a Judie of coffins. . On the other hand, ia Mr.iT^nnyson fat ? I* Mr. John Stuart Mill fat ? ? Is Mr. Browning fat ? Is Mr. Gladstone fat ? ; No the. nation would not trust its income with, a fat man ; :¡t knows? better. ' The only fat financier I-ever beard of jwas Mr. Hodson', tho railway king. Tbus it is with 'nervoul men that we tru t our money, and it is from (nervous, men that we ' eipcct all. tbat makes 'money worth , having. Or, if this statement . should [bé ? te» -wide, . let it be met by contradiction there 'are plenty of contradictory people in the ¡world-and tho otber sUe have too long bad it ail their. 'own way-have too long been permitted to treat the 'nervous as not ooly miserable in themselves, bnt the ¡canse cf misery ia others. Fart of this results from [the sheer error in cl-ssiSoation. . It was wi th; extreme indignation that I once read "Dr. Trotter (Of Bath) 'on the Nervous Temperament" a book lest to me by a friend, who snppoied me to be,as a narrons maní both! wretched, and a oause of. wretchedness. In Dr. Trotter I found an elaborate disoutsion of indigestion I His idea of a nervous person was, I found, a person who bad " (be wind ;" who had a poor appetite ¡ who bad igno- minious symptoms not to be pirtiouUrisod ; who suffered from " borborrlgmL" And bis prescriptions were snob beggarly elements as oalctned magnesia, gentian, exercise, occupation, and " the .warm. gums!" | I returned the book with disgust, assuring my friend that, however nervous I might be, I never had '" the wind ; knew nothing of " bjrliorrlgmi ¡" ate like a trooper ; walked ten miles a'day ; ' and had' ample "occupation." To this hour I find people who " under- stand "-ab, 'bow people do "understand " things I that I am " nervous.'' supposé what they call ner- vousness " Ii a . sort of disease.; They recommend rhubarb, or peppermint drops,' or more exercise, or pale ale. 'Tho fact is they do 'not understand vivioity of sensation. They, think it is a complaint, they local- ise lt in the regions under or below the waistband ; and prescríbelo the'nerf ons "jost as o penguin or a pot poise might, prescribe to a. darting swallow or a leaping salmon. Thus, . the " nervous " tudor in popular, estimation bees nie they are confounded with tho dyspeptic, and, it may be added, with the hysterical. .There is a complaint, or manifestation, or something, whioh, in the day's of Pamela and Joseph Andrews, was known as, the megrims, or the doldrums, or tba vapors ; it wss a fine madam's common excuse for riot being seen, or for neglecting a doty, and lt wa« sup- posed to be cured by 4 Hungary water,'» for wbioh the modern succeJanenm ii red lavender. 1 feund all the symptoms of the " megrims'' described in Dr. Trotter's book ns symptoms of the nervous temperament. In .the name of all the nervous ".'indignantly, repel the Islander; thetis just the way of the woi ld-lt never will discriminate. Let hysterics speak for themselves, ¡wo, the real honest " nervosa" < ladles and gentlemen, rio not have " a difficulty in swallowing," and, most distinctly, do not have " St, Vitus's dance,", whioh is described by the infamous Trotter, as a. part of the ordinary diagnosis of our- temperament 1 1 speak both lo sorro* and in auger, bnt without snrpriie j for have not many of 'ns, comrades,In . nervousness, been asked) "What makes yon so nervous?. You should J take tonics!*' when we were no taore"nerroo," in that senne than the Jubilant shrimp at sunset or the lark in .tho happy agitation of his matin song. The truth is, the vofgar pnlegmatio d > not laye to seo others lively and brisk. A creature with only a few sides'-say two an inside and an ontside ls naturally joalous" of another wilh a hundred facets, or is at lest pussled by it. 8o, a crocodile, whioh takes fifteen minutes to turn round, might" fancy a kitten ofaoslng its own tall mad or diseased.-"An Apology for the Nerves," In The Argosy. ."THE BLACKS or JAMAICA,-At the hit cenius of Jamaica, In May, 1861, tho while population, was. 10,81 G in number, being in the proportion of one white ;to 32 black ar coloured. - Since that time some thou- sand« of Indian coolies havo boen introduced Into the island as labourers. The total population in 1801 w«s 44l,v04. Tho number of children In schools was' returned nt 2G.1C7 in 18"3; tho return for 1801 bad shuwn the exceptionally large number of 40,070, but that wan tho consuayear, and itis supposed thatrotnrns were taken in that soar, whioh inolndod Sunday schools. The prtseut is tho funrth nogro rebellion in the annals of Jamaica. On tho '22nd of 1'obruary, 1745, about OOO illaro slaves wero detected in n conspiraoy to destroy all tho whilo inhabitants of tho island. In 1705 the1 ¡ilsroonf, a community of fugitivo slaves who had ob ti i. od permission to Bottle in tho northern part of the Mund, revolted, and were not reduced to subjection until March ll, 1700. Tho most alarming outtreak, howoror, . took place on the 22nd of December, 1831, when the island was pissed under martial la», and, mut stringent moasnr»>; and nsmerons executions felitwtxki - , '".",?.'.:..' .'. ;^'.i.v ..» in'. ..i j " : Sorta Ecuraa-In a Utter ed drei ted te the Acad- emy of Seiend«* htlier Besohl, of tom*, giru e de» oriptloa of oertsio observations ned* by Father Cappel letti at La Oinoeption, Chill, during the total eclipse whioh ara* visible thereon the 15th of April of the prêtent year, La Conception liet In 30 (logrees 43 minute» S. latitude and 73 degreet and 8 miautet W. longitude Gappelletti waa unable to obtain photo- graphs of the protuberance! on account of tho atate of the weutlior, but he could' observo the colipse during the complete obscuration, «Inch laatod 2 minutes and 20 seconds. The first thing ho saw during that ih irt period was an immense mountain of fir«, in the shape of a hom, ot 57 decrees N.W., from thotsnitb. Nearly opposite there wis another, which was smaller. Both were rose-colonrod, bnt the second was the paler of tho two, and 2 minutes in height ; while the first was 2 minntos nnd 40 second*. After the lapse of 36 seconds a series of coloured flames appeared, so that the aaa seemed to bo on Sro aid gavo one thc idea of a train of powder igniting successfully and with groat . rapidity. The extent of these rise-coloured flumes was 00 degrees along the limb. It bore samo analogy to a obspfet of beads, hut some of the latter were oblong, two ended in a point, and others wcro undulated. Above these protuberances I hero was a solitary rose-oolourod point. There was nc protuberance nn the eastern Me. ' At the moment the sun disappeared, three pencil* of light became visible in a direction perpendicular to the noon's limb. Tho moat luininons of the thrte, whieh waa so bright as almost to dazzle the eyes, was in the lame position at the great protuberance/ Iis western side coincided with the direction of the lunar radius, but its opposite side was inclined _ Tho second pencil was almost diametrically opposite to the former; making an angle of about 15 degrees with the second protuberance ; it was ICES laminons than the other, and its borders were rounded off. The third pencil wat at equal distance between the other two.. The Govern- ment Commissioners only saw two of these pencils, bat st Rio Janeiro they saw fivo of them. . The darkness night be compared to that of an hour after enniet, owing to the weather being slightly foggy. The oomtry arnnnd had assumed an ugly greenish tint. An arc, presenting the colours of the rainbow, appeared at a distance of 30 degrees from the snn, and disappeared as soon as the eclipso ceased to bo total. ' It was in the form of a créaient, its end resting, so to say, on a lino tangent to the inferior limb of tho moon. The inhab- itants of La Conception, clearly saw the delineation of the "shadow in the fog," and were ranoh frightened at it. Several stars of the first and second magnitaae became visible. Nothing particular ocenrred among animale, except ' that ct oro crowed at the , beginning of the 1 totality and again when tho sun. reappeared. Poultry ; went to tbeir roosting-placos, and tetnrnod ss soon SJ 1 the light reappeared, father Cappel lotti remarked ' that at the first appearance of light the sun's limb was undulated, looking Uko tho ocean ot Cape Horn with ' its immense »aves.. The protuberances disappeared; but the aro remained visible for 38 aoconds longer; . During the totality the moon was surrounded vita av ; ring of silvery light, after wbioh came the crown of i riys. Her border was rather indented, and this canted, also, the,irregularities of tho sun's orescent'when it ! reappeared.-Galignani. ? ?« :.u rc'.*,-,., j . Sanooii BENCHES -ANO DESKS.-The attention of Berlin pedagogues bas lately been direotod to a'subject ¡of considerable' importance to tho well-being of th« Irising generation. Dr. Parow, who is the' originator of the movement in question, bas been for many years 'the director of an orUioposdio^ Institution at Bonn, and has given it'as the rëinit of iii» experience that's very ; large proportion of the cases of deformity among young ! persons arise, from ibo Improper oonstruoiion of school ; benches'and tables.' Such a statement from suoh SA : authority certainly deserves very serions coneideraton. > As the proportion between mind and body in very varia ; ble, long-logged dances, sbortlegged geniuses necessari- ly meet in the same classroom, whereas the benches and 1 tables are all ef the 8sme size. Whether the bench Va : too high or too low, the position is uneasy, and prodoces * fatigue after many hours. Bosides thia, the tables are 'too far from the beeches, and when a boy is writing he ls obliged to leah forwards and bend his head over bia copy-book. Thia posture hos two very bad results. It j contracts the breast, thus interfering with respiration, i and producing in time a narrow ohest, and it sends the I blood to the bead; which, besides other unhealthy conse iqnenoes, produces shortness of light Dr. Parow pro [poses to remedy these dofecU by introducing benches 'of different heights into the sime class room, and by 'placing them muoh nearer the table. In order that the boys may be able to get to their place, _ tb» tables are to have a Isaf whioh turns over on a hinge, and can be turned bock when the-boy has taken his seat-Berlin Correspondent of the Horning Star.'. THE PUSHIER AND TUB PBIXCE CONSORT.-Lord Palmerston foresaw, and declared to a friend, that tho ; death of the Priueo Consort would double his labours and responsibilities. He knew better than any mun the public loss the Queen and the nation had sustained In the transaction of public business. Now that the grave has closed over both, lt need not bo concealed that 'coolness snd differences existed between them, which at ? one time threatened a scandal. The foreign secretary, while in thc full glow of his parliamentary triumph ia 1850, fell nnder the displeasure of tbe highest perron« ! age ia the realm, and received a severe rebuke in the ¡shape of a well kuown mémorandum on the transaction of business between the crown and tho state. Lord Palmerston, as a gentleman and a loyal subject, was of tcourre incapable of offering a slight to tho Queen, and tbe accepted version ot the time was that he had only i Intended to rebuke an unconstitutional backstairs'in ifloence with the .functions of a responsible minister of ¡the crown, whioh had at length become intolerable. His neglect in replying to the Queeu's demand for an. 'explanation and the tending off a certain important despatch, to Lord Normanby at Paris, without pre- viously obtaining the sanction of ber Majesty, weienot, 'it was said, intecded ss slights to the Queen, bat were marks, ol'distrust of the interests and intrigues of German cobains and connections, and tbe backstairs' influence of, German secretaries. Lord Palmerston, 'with great magnanimity, went out ot office without justifying himself in the eves of the country ; bat Hr. Monckton Milnes, now Lord Houghton, a persontl friend bf Lord Palmerston, gave the House, I remem- ber, a hint of the real state sf affairs when he said that there was muoh behind the promler's statement whioh was not expressed, and of which Lord John Russell himself was perhaps hardly concious. Lord' Palmorston, when be hold tho seals, always knew whit was going on in ' foreign oourts, and he had probably learned, more than he choso to tell either lo the court. or cabinet. The Queen and Prince could net be insen- sible to Lord, Palmerston's magnanimous condnot , Be lived to gain tbs entire love and confidence of both and he learned in turn to appreciate nore oorectly.tke thorough English spirit which tho Prince Contort , manifested in everything relating to our foreign relations, . TUB EXFLORSRB MONUMENT, BAUISAT.-The completion bf ibo explorers' monumont, a work that has now been before the public for a considerable time, is again being moo'.ed,'and this time, it is to bo hoped, with a little better success. Councillor Doaoe brought, the matter under the notice of the Ballaarat West Borough Counoil on Monday, and after a brief diseus- . sion on the subject, it was agreed that the monument committee should be requested to take immediate Heps to have the monument completed, and that in the event of tho committee being unable to come to some decision steps should be'taken, with tho assistance of tbe council, to erect ornamental lamps and fountains as a aemorlsl.' The monument committee has already over £100 In hand, and as tbe council somo time ago decided on erecting .ornamental lamps in tko centro of the street,, the'money proposed to bare been dovotod to that pur-' Ítoss might very properly bo added to ibo amount itt be bands of tbe committee for tbe purpose of flnisbiog tbe monument. This ls a course that we recommended long tinco, and If it was followed thore is no doubt bot " the present unfinished block of bluestone that stands in thejcenlre of tho principal street in the town might be. rendered not only, useful but ornamental.-Star. 1'aprosBD BBIDOE AOROIB THE MERBRT ion J«itt< >AT¿ CARBIAQB, ANO PlSJBNOKB TRAHNO.-A PUB bss been brongbt before .the pu-lio for building a bridge aoróss ibe'Kiv'or Mersey, ot a point two or three miles above the town of Llierpool. Thia bridge it is 'proposed to construct with a railway, ncarrlsgo rosd, and footways for passengers. According to tbs pistil lt will certainly be a magnificent edifice, equal in boan ty and grandeur to anything that hatL «T}f Mf.-" been erected In Great Britain. It ls stated that It wi 1 be of suflioleiit height lo enable large Teasels to tail under If, nnd that it will bè placed so far above th« docks, barbour, aud tho Slotno as to offer no obilsols to tho trade"and cemmtrco of tho port: The author of tn« plan ls Mr. * llriiulett, a" very ablè engineer, who Bsa, already conatruoted many great publlo works. ' ; By the Queen's oomni-oda Mr. Kenneth Mseleay, H.8.A., is at'present engnged on a series of «. spinet, portraits In water-colour, which wlJljoooiipy h» »tt«n-*s tlon for several years.' . The pnrppie of th» series la w , lllu.trste tho Highland .elans, by- giving throflftf mt* specimens of the, inost notable ; «ad .Wwart^wn-o*,, 'Moh olantlth« ielcoilon, being jeutliely Iel» to J«. iWWtjjf.'. '.?Vit.-.-.Piv o ..<'.......?: ! . «."eswtr r-.'.v. " " . . J ", , 