SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. HOW GOLIAH TRUMP CURED WIDOW BLUNT'S LAZY DONKEY. MR. GOLIAH TRUMP was a man of his word, and if he promised to do a good turn for a friend, it was not his fault if it were not done in due course. He was not a highly polished man, and at first—or even at second sight—he did not always make a favourable impression; still he was a good-natured fellow, and that quality, with those who knew him, compensated for his minor defects and peculiarities, in- cluding a brusque address, which was not always pleasant to put up with. Though Goliah moved in a good position, was a thriving merchant, and a good mark in a mercantile sense, his native- born idiosyncrasies did not alter with his improved circum- stances. He very lightly esteemed the conventionalities of refined life, and rather prided himself on the provincial idiom and the honest bluntness, and the eccentric manners of his worthy old sire, who was as jovial an old English gentleman as ever enjoyed a mug of sharp cyder or a squab pie, or rode after a pack of fox hounds. Goliah was a portly man approaching to middle age, with rather a handsome face, and eyes full of fun and frolic. There was a dash more of the latter in his manner than thoughtful persons would approve of, but he did not care for that; he would not try to alter his nature to please the taste or fancy of any one; indeed, I doubt if he could have done so for more than five minutes had he been promised a prize medal for the exertion, It would take too much space to detail the virtues of Mrs. Trump, so I simply say she was a lady, one of the excellent of the earth, and was "respected most by those who knew her best." Goliah was a man of impulse. He rarely thought long or deeply on any subject, so when he conceived an idea of going home to see his "dear old daddy," he was not long in deciding to do so, as the "ways and means" were within his compass. In three weeks' time his comfortable establish- ment was broken up, and he was on shipboard with his loving wife and family bound to old England. After en- during the blasts of Cape Horn and other inevitables of the long homeward voyage, he arrived safely in the land of his birth. Previous to leaving Sydney, Goliah had promised his old friend Sam Blunt to go and see his widowed mother, who lived in a rural village less than a hundred miles from London. But an afflictive event—which I need not farther allude to—prevented his fulfilling his promise for several months. At length he wrote widow Blunt that she might expect to see him on the following Tuesday. Some of my readers will easily conceive the widow's joy and gladness at the idea of soon seeing a living person who had so recently conversed with her dear boy Sam. There are fond mothers in Australia too, who would hail such pleasure as the happiest holiday they could have, and who would sit and listen to good news from their absent sons or daughters with far more delight than they would listen to a grand concert. On the appointed day Marigold Cottage looked extra siylish, and the widow's cap was unusually prim and stiff starched. The savory odour which floated from her little kitchen, and the snow-white table cloth spread in her front parlour, plainly indicated that some one was coming out of the common circle of her visitors, and the good old lady's face was beaming with happy anticipation. Many longing glances did she cast up the lane for signs of the approach of her expected guest as the hours dragged lazily on; and many gentle bastings did she bestow upon the birds before the tire, which had long since been done brown. It was two hours past dinner time, and her sharp appetite had given place to the peculiar faintness produced by dinner delayed, while her heart was beginning to grow sick with "hope de- ferred." The ducks were overcooked and as dry as stuffed shags in a museum; the green peas were boiled to green paste, and the batter-pudding was getting hard and heavy as bees- wax, in fact the nice dinner was spoiled and not fit to set before her son's friend, who she imagined was a particularly prim and stately gentleman. The widow was just going to sit down and have a good cry—as she called it—when sud- denly she began to laugh, for she saw a gig stop at her gate and heard a strange comical voice shout out, "Hallo there, be's that Mrs. Blunt's cottage." "Yes, sir; Yes, sir;" exclaimed the widow, hastily tod- dling along the garden path. "Are you Mr. Trump." "E'es, sure enough I'm he, come to see thee at last. How be'est thee, then?" said the bluff Goliah, shaking hands with the widow till he nearly shook her cap off and made her sneeze. In another minute he was sitting in the best parlour weeping like a boy, for on entering the room a life size portrait of his friend Sam was before him, the sudden sight of which recalled to mind a recent sad bereavement; and the sensitive heart of Goliah was touched too keenly to prevent on outburst of grief which shook his sturdy frame, and overwhelmed the widow in wonder. She had slight misgivings as to his sanity too, which the hearty shaking he had given her may have in some measure aroused, but they were soon dispelled, for in a few minutes more Goliah's grief vanished as suddenly as it had burst forth, and he was telling her in his broadest style all the interesting news he could think of about her son Sam, his devoted wife, and his boys, Dick, Tom, and Harry. Oh, what a happy afternoon that was for widow Blunt! she will never forget it. How she sat and laughed and cried alternately, as her loquacious visitor poured out his budget of news from the far off land, and told her all the pleasing things he knew of and concern- ing the loved ones who were as dear to her as her life. All her late troubles about her shrivelled ducks and waxy pud- ding were forgotten—in fact, every other petty trouble was, for the time, swallowed up in the joy she felt at the good tidings which Goliah had brought her, and which his fertile fancy assisted to make highly amusing, while his occasional outburst of hearty laughter made the cuckoos in the adjacent woods wag their tails. Oh, ye restless seekers after new sensations, did you ever try the refreshing excitement of raising up a down-crushed spirit? Did you ever sit and see a poor old widowed mother cry for joy over some little bit of news which yon had com- municated from her absent boy or girl? Did you ever try that luxury? If not look out for an opportunity of doing so, and I promise it will yield you a pleasure immeasurably surpassing the excitement of the most improbable love and ghost story that you ever devoured, and a delightsome relish such as M. Soyer and all his fry could no more imitate than they could make a live turtle. Next morning after breakfast, widow Blunt expressed a strong desire that Goliah should see her dear relatives, the Goodwins, who lived at a farm house a few miles off, but she added hesitatingly, "I really don't know how you will get there, unless I can send a messenger to cousin Peter to bring his gig for you." "How be'est thee going then?" asked Goliah in his own peculiar tone, and with a comical twinkle in his eye. "Oh, I'm going in my little donkey chaise. I have a nice quiet beast that I can drive myself, but I should not like to ask you to ride behind an ass, you would not like it I am sure, for we shall meet a lot of people by the way." "Bless thee heart, mother! I've ridden behind a team of bullocks. I'm not so grand as thee thinks, though I come from a golden land. Where's the animal! I'll harness en up in no time. Not ride behind a donkey, indeed! Why your son Sam wouldn't speak to me if I was too proud for that. I don't care a flip who sees me do anything that isn't wicked—that's the way to say it, mother. Where's the moke?" The donkey was soon put into a two-wheeled gig, which was perhaps a size too small for Goliah and his rather stout companion, however, they wedged themselves in with a little exertion, and off they set, widow Blunt taking the reins, "Gee up Jacky! Gee up my boy!" she exclaimed mildly, and gave the reins a gentle jerk at the same time. Jacky looked round at his extra load, then moved his long ears to and fro and shuffled along at the rate of five miles an hour, which was the pace the widow usually travelled at, for she was nervous of driving fast; indeed, Jacky would not have moved faster had she tried to persuade him with her kindest words, and she was afraid to whip him lest he should damage the dash-board with his hoofs, and perhaps knock her knees. "Won't he move along faster than that?" asked Goliah, who was probably thinking of the fine paces of his mettle- some prad in the colony. "No, he won't go faster," said the widow. "He is very obstinate sometimes, and won't mind a word I say to him, still he is a good donkey, he never offers to run away with me, and he only kicks when I begin to beat him." "Oho, Mister Jacky! a pretty character I hear of thee! That's the way you behave to your kind missis is it? Now let me tell thee, thee'st got her son Sam's friend, Goliah Trump behind thee, so the sooner thee begin'st to mend the better, I can tell thee. Drabbit it, let me drive en," added Goliah, taking the reins from the widow. "I'll make en jump I'll warrant. Hallo there, barn it, what do'st thee mean by poking along at this pace, like an old cow with a sore leg? Ods dampers and doughboys, what do'st thee mean, eh? Lazy rogue, come up! Hallaballoo, hobgoblins and blunderbuses, got along, or I'll cut thee into cats- meat." Goliah shouted thus in very loud and gruff tones, at the same time he threw his gigantic arms in the air in a manner formidable enough to frighten the stubbornest donkey in the world. The effect upon the poor brute was marvellous, and perhaps it is worth noting for the advantage of those who are fond of assinine studies, or who have to do with other obstinate animals. When Goliah first addressed him, Jacky laid his ears flat aback in token of astonishment, and looked out of the corners of his eyes, as though he were taking the measure of his strange driver. Then he showed his teeth— as marks of opposition, he also slightly elevated his hind part evincing contempt, and at the same time a disposition to kick. But as Goliah poured out his torrent of hard sound- ing words, Jacky 's tail began to twich in a peculiar manner, then to stand up as straight as a boat's jigger-mast, plainly indicating extreme fear and a desire for peace, by hoisting an apology for a flag of truce. After uttering three heavy sighs and a great grunt his pace improved into a quick trot. Hence it was quite clear that Jacky was subdued, his stub- born will was broken, and much as it may have annoyed him to be thus humbled before the good old lady, who had been the victim of his lazy tricks for many years, it was never- theless a fact which he could not deny, that he was mastered, thoroughly cowed, as most donkeys are when spoken to by men of spirit. A good moral lesson may be learned by a consideration of the metaphysical aspect of that sudden surrender of the donkey's will. It is a striking example of the power of mind over mere animal propensity—but I must go on with my story. The widow was highly delighted, and laughed like a merry old lady as she was. "I do think you have cured his obstinate temper, Mr. Trump," she remarked, "indeed there is a surprising change in him all at once, I declare I did not fancy he could trot so fast. Well, well, who'd have thought it—well done Jacky, my boy!" "I'll show thee what he can do in a minute," said Go- liah—then addressing the donkey, he roared out more furi- ously than before, "Hallo! get along, thee lazy scamp, dos't think I'll see thee impose on my friend Sam's mother in this way? Barn it all, I'll skin thee in a minute, I will. Hallaballoo, bullseyes, and blowpipes, get away with thee good-for-noth- ing rascal, I'll let thee see what's o'clock, I'll warrant. Come up thee sleepy-headed rogue!" at the same time he stamped with his big boots on the bottom of the gig, which shocked the donkey to such an extent that he actually roared with terror, while he tore along with the gig at a mad gallop. Never before was a donkey seen to go at such a racing pace by the oldest parishioner. Out ran the astounded villagers from their homes—men, women, and children—to gaze at the passing phenomenon. They shuddered for the fate of widow Blunt, and turned pale as they whispered the name of the person who they supposed was driving her; while Goliah continued to roar and shout, and stamp his feet pur- posely to increase their wonderment, until all the children ran indoors again and hid themselves under their beds from the "terrible old Bogey who was flying away with poor old Mrs. Blunt." "Oh, for goodness gracious sake, Mr. Trump, stop the donkey, we shall be upset! O dear, dear me, do stop him, pray do. sir! The wheels will come off I'm sure. Woa, Jackey," said the widow, in a state of intense trepidation. "Barn him, I'll give it him!" roared Goliah, louder than ever. "Lazy jackass, I'll let thee know thee'st got a Sydney man behind thee, and I'll teach thee to shew better manners to a Sydney man's mother. Hoogh! Hoogh! Hoogh! get along thee lazy rogue! Blurr—r! I'll blow thee into beanskins." The poor donkey was scared into a perspiration, and he had never been known to perspire before. As he had no winkers he could see the furious antics of the burly man beside his mistress, and he flew along at a rate that he had never even dreamt of, and which made all the old su- perannuated asses that were grazing under the hedges "hee hau" with astonishment. Onward he sped with out- stretched head, and his tail as stiff as a crow-bar, and not an effort did he relax till his eccentric driver pulled him up, or rather pulled him down on his hind quarters at the gate of cousin Goodwin's farm, and then began to laugh till all the joints of the old gig rattled again, and all the little Goodwins ran out to see "what was the matter." "O lawk a mercy me! how you have frightened me, Mr. Trump, exclaimed the widow, jumping out of the gig with unusual agility for a lady of seventy-two." I declare I'm all over shake. Bat I'm thankful we are not killed.— Dear, deary me! I never saw anything to equal it. I shall never forget this terrible ride, never." :Bless thee dear old heart, mother! there was no danger. I could have pulled him down in a second. Don't thee be- lieve I'd have risked thee neck, not I, thee son Sam would shoot me when I got back to Sydney, if I had only hurt his darling old mother's little finger nail. That dose will do master Jacky more good than a bundle of sticks would do about his back. That's what I call moral suasion. Thee saw I didn't beat him a bit, I only spoke out like a man, and that's the right way to deal with asses of all sorts, for barn em, they havent got more courage than goslings." * * * * Prior to getting into the gig to return home, after spend- ing a merry day at cousin Goodwin's, the widow made Goliah promise not to speak a word to Jacky, and to let her drive. But the donkey evidently knew that his late tor- mentor was behind him, for he trotted along like a butcher's cob. If ever he showed the slightest symptom of relaxing his speed Goliah would merely cough—he did not speak— and Jacky's tail seemed electrified in a moment, and he began to gallop till the widow pulled him into a trot again. * * * * That extraordinary occurrence served for many an even- ing's chat around the firesides of the wonder-stricken villa- gers. Some of the unsophisticated natives still dispute about the human identity of the roaring donkey driver, and others shudder to this day at the bare mention of Australia; for they imagine that Goliah Trump as he flew through their streets in the widow's gig, is a fair specimen of the inhabi- tants of this famous continent in general, consequently they infer that we are an awfully fast and furious nation. Widow Blunt has not forgotten her exciting ride, and the recollection of it has made her laugh away many a melan- choly moment. In her subsequent letters to her son Sam, she has often alluded to the comical affair, and has told over and over again how that funny Mr. Trump frightened her poor old donkey to death, for Jacky died three years afterwards. But Jacky never forgot the lesson to the last day he dragged the gig; and if it were not a perfect cure for his laziness, it was a wonderful corrective. Ever after that, if he showed symptoms of his old habits returning, it was only necessary for the widow to shout through her ear-trumpet "Ods dampers and doughboys!" when Jacky's tail would begin to work like a pump-handle—for the bare idea of those Australian edibles was as terrifying to him as bomb- shells. But if his mistrees at the same time put on her clogs and made a clatter on the bottom of the gig, his ears would point towards home and his tail would point to the moon, and off he would gallop as though he thought Goliah had come again, for of course his stupid head did not know that that worthy colonist had returned to the other side of the world. * * * I am not quite sure that Goliah's "moral suasion" would be effective on lazy asses of another sort, and I fear he would be impatiently disposed to substitute material "dampers and doughboys," and to aim them at the heads of his sub- jects, as boys apply snowballs, which of course would not be commendable. I think, however, that he might make a trial of his system on a small scale, without giving himself much trouble to find fitting subjects, and if he were only moderately successful there would be plenty of scope for his peculiar gift, which by diligently exercising he might greatly ADVANCE AUSTRALIA. Darlinghurst. A Catholic cathedral, 300 feel long and 150 broad, is about to be erected at Pekin. 