THE METEQP0LlB;i December: The great Marriage Bill meeting w8H through the sudden defeat of the Bill in tlM Assembly, turned into a funeral wake. Oil Thursday afternoon, Mr Strangways withan irrepressible penchant for mischief, moved that the Speaker do leave the chair—in other words, that the Bill be left to its fate. Dr Buckhaus's bouncing oratory, with the prospect of a cross-fire from Jolmny Gardner on>the morrow, created a panic among hon. members. They are not to be influenced by threats—oh no I they did not care a straw fbi* what was said about them either in Cathedral or Conventicle, only it might be expedient to abandon this objectionable Bill, and let the Government bring in an amended one next session. To escape present danger they avowed all sorts of courage and deter mination for the future. They would make marriage a purely civil contract; they would have lay Registrars and lay Beadles to do the honours. They would take a leaf out of the C°de Napoleon, and take Mr Sutherland's "advice as to what they do in France. During the debate I expected the Scotch Ulysses to ask the House—-what do they do at Gretna Green ? but he overlooked that interesting illustration. It was a picturesque scene when the call was, made for a division. Behind the bar Johnny Gardner sat radiating contempt on the turncoats from bis round Salamander face. In the gallery there was a cluster of dusky, close-shaved, long-coated representatives of Dr Shiel's priesthood. "VS^hen the result of the division was announced—majority four against the Bill— Johnnylooked exactly what he described him self on the .following night, anxious to let sonie of them hear on the wrong side of their heads. In the gallery it was quite different -the duskiness had changed into a grin of triumph, which .was intensified by Mr Coglin's vigorous handshaking and congratu lating on the triumph of Catholic principles. I don't believe the Government regretted much their 'defeat. It was the House which ! had voluntarily made a fool of itself—not | they; but it was they who were saved trouble and badgering through the defeat. Much was" gained also by the pledge of nearly all the speakers to support a new Bill next session.- • - •• """ - • On Friday night there was not a crowded meeting at Chalmers Church, but the pro gramme was gone through with undiminished spirit, notwithstanding that the ground had been cut from under it. The thoughtful speakers placed the subject in so clear a light that it will be in no danger of being forgotten during recess. Cox and Stonehouse especially assumed'a distinct reasonable position. The ranters all managed to restrain themselves wonderfully with the exception of Mr Gardner. Did you ever know a Presbyterian yet who could talk ten minutes without hauling in the Covenanters and the "Waldenses, and the massacre of- St. Bar tholomew ? I never did. Mr Gardner, is a Presbyterian of the straitest sect, and he did not omit a jot or tittle of the stock declama tion. In emulating Dr Buckhaus he got himself into trouble, and did the dause very little good. His anecdote about the Doctor was generally condemned for its bad taste, and the doctor himself will have something to say soon about its accuracy. Mr Gardner was more successful in dealing with bis own countryman, MrSutherl^pd. Ulysses was at the meeting, expecting I daresay that there would be something for his special hearing. He both saw and heard, too, with a vengeance, for his reverned compatriot treated the audience to a burlesque imitation of his peculiar spasmodic and didactic stylo of oratory, which made everybody roar but the unfortunate object of it. The meeting ended in the , appointment of a committee -to arrange for a crusade in the name of civil and religious liberty—and marriage fees. The opposition of the Boman Catholics baa very much widened the circle of agitation, and the avowed object of some of the Protestant leaders is to get all privileges to particular denominations abolished. They claim, and not illogically, that as regards the State all religious bodies should have one and the same status; that there should be -no special .Acts favouring one at the expense of another; no division into- Churchmen and DisseUfers, but that all chiyches, whatever they may have they will not auowi-lwKb until The Legislature is the:Bills, which it ba3.nbt7'jdme;ief^pf^^^l| sider or to revise. There is no chance ofa^ prorogation before Christmas, as the Coimbilv adjourned on Wednesday for a fortnight. Meanwhile the Assembly will $it t£ polish off all the necessary business, which will be pre sented in a- mass to the Council on its returnj and swallowed with closed eyes, I expect. The Government have got then- Appropriation Bill through the Assembly, and there is little danger upstairs. Within less than, three weeks the annual comedy of law-making and constitution-tinkering will be over for a. ,, season, very much to the relief of newspaper - readers. The session, like most of the prede cessors, will have to confess that it has taken : a great deal of sack to its bread—a very large -«ii allowance indeed of talk to actual work per-: formed. The bulk of its bona fide legislation^ has been done during the past fortnight, and., during the preceding four months hon. mem bers might just as well have been singing.; ? nigger songs as speechifying to no purpose. There has been a slight revolution in the Adelaide press since I wrote you last. Opg: penny paper—the Telegragh—has, after many : a narrow escape, at length gone under water., It was bought by the Advertiser people for, . £800, purposely to squelch it for the sake of having the Express unopposed. The last ; number will appaar, I understand, on the last > I day of the year. To console us for the pro spective loss of a contemporary, we have had a new chum this week—a very diminutive, thin-skinned" article, hailing from a church „• bazaar in White's .Rooms. The promoters of the bazaar and its organ—called the Adelaide Argus—are the North Adelaide Young Men's Society in connection with Mr Jefferis's church. The Argus on its first appearance ■ courted editorial nStice from its seniors, and a chaffy welcome which it received from the Register set up its infant bile. The malady manifested itself in a petulant attack, not on the Register newspaper, but on tbe Register proprietors—a kind of tactics which I regret to say is systematically pursued by older hands than the Argus. The precocious baby gave up the ghost on Thursday afternoon in 110 very amiable mood towards its great grand sire. Next summer it may return with jthe Butterflies and the mosquitoes, and havea ' chance to fight out the battle on more equal terms. So far as the North Adelaide Young Men's Society are concerned, both the bazaat and the Argus were brilliant ideas well rarried out. The commeraial world has still nothing .to spare in the way of cheerfulness or good humour. Trade is in, fact very flat—as an Aberdonian would say,, flat as a flounder. The only likely thing open to the gents on Change is to export wheat to England. The chances are that if done quickly it would payf but the gents on Change think they have had quite enough of chances and of speculation generally. They would prefer at present a modest certainty to the finest speculative prospect—Id. a pound on candles now to the chance of 2s. 6d. a bushel on wheat six months hence. Nobody has got money to advance on wheat shipments, even », there were no risk in the matter. They arefmerely a plausible scheme for discussion on the Flag? and in the newspapers—something like Sydney ~ Smith's definition of charity, as A. seeing a poor man and recommending B to help him. We Adelaideans see that shipping wheat to * England ought to be a good thing—if some body else would trv it,—the Melbourne people for instance. According to our latest telegraphic news there is a practical move- . ment go:ng on in Melbourne. Large pur-, chases of Chilian and Californian wheat have been made to send home, the former at 4s 63» and the latter at 5s. .Everyone thinks Ss a very high, figure to begin such A delineate speculation with, especially considering that Californian wheat is not of the very highest quality* South Australian would have cost 3d or 4d a bushel more in Melbourne, but if a vessel had heen laid on in Adelaide it might have beeit filled at not more than 4s 6d a bushel-^the same as Chilian. If the reports be true-^as I have no doubt they are—they bode well for our farmers. Another agree able piece of news they have, received this week in the loading, of cargoes at San Fran cisco and Valparaiso for England. Tnie Aus tralian market will mot have to contend this year against any greater difficulty than its own native abundance. A lady tinder great affliction, winch die did hot bear in a very angelic way; aS^ liaiii E to her friend, " Oh, my dearj What ^oicddi+ have done in all thig without religion"I " am sure I cannot tell," was the answer;V 3ml you could not have done much Mbtab iha&O; you have with religion/' 