. THE DROUGHT IN QUEENSLAND. Tho following miserablo picture of tho con dition of tho portion of Queensland to wliich it relates is supplied to tho Dolby Herald by a correspondent, writing from Surat : — ' What in the world tho Balonno and the surrounding district is coming to is nt present n mystery, much doubt being expressed that we shall any of us be alivo next year. Tho so much wished for rain is like tho grnpes wore to tho fox, rather sour. For tlio last week, wo havo Iienn tantalised bv observing lavrrn volumes nf VI! ill clouds passing over us, and with something liko an approach to a thunderstorm ; but, alas ! only to dis appear to visit somo moro favored spot. On Sunday afternoon, it blew almost a hurricane, and tho rain came down for about an hour. Since then, wo havo had nothing but scorching hot weather, and high wiudB duringthe night. Tho thermometer, last week, averaged 104 in the shade ; so I leave you to guess what it wns outside. . . . Horses nro in n most miserable condition ; in fnct, you would look at them, nnd imagine they were tho ghosts of Rozinunte, Thoso who ride them are almost liablo under Martin's Act. A very littlo move of this weather, and you need not expect any com munications from this district, for we shall not be ablo to send it down for want of horses. As for beef or mutton, wo have long sinco ceased to think of a good pieco of meat, but now content ourselves with carrion, or a very near approach to it. Un luckily, we are not in the position tho French aro to fall back on liorso fiesli for food. Wo havo a few goats browsing upon air, and when tho abigail sallies forth to milk them, too often finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for a fow days' food for us. Even the river is beginning to tell its dire tale of want of rain — the water is stinking, and now is so low near the township that you may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Talavera station is about to be abandoned for want of water. Already some of the sheep have left — somo say for Clifton, others for Melbourne , but I am not able to say which is correct, for I don't think tho manager knows himself.' 