NEW ZEALAND. EXECUTION OF THE MUBDEBEBS OF THE BEV. MB. VOLKNEB, MB. FULLOON, AND THE CBEW OE THE KATE. (From tho New Zealand Herald.) On Thursday, May 17th, tho nboriginnl natives Mokomoko, Heremitn, Hakaraia (murderers of the Bev. Karl Sylvius Yolkuor),andHoromona (accessory), Mikncrc Kirimnnga (principal). for tho murder of Mr. Fulloon and the crew of tho Kale, woro huugod within tho preeionts of Mount Eden Stockade. A few minutes after 7 o'clock, t he Bev. Dr. Maunscll arrived at; tho gaol, almost simultaneously with tho Boman Catholic Fathers Macdonald and Novndo. . The sovoral elorgymon proceeded at once to tho coudomnud colls, whoro tlioy romained witli tho prisoners in prayer until a quarter of an hour before tho oxecution. At ton minutes to 8 o'clock, Messrs. Scottor struck tho irons off tho feet of Horomomi Propiti (Solomon the Prophet), and Mokomoko, who uguin rotired to thoir colls and ongngod in prayer until tlio boll tolled. Tho soouo which was presented at this timo was more than usually solemn and imprcssivo. Tho admission to tho gaol yard wns by ticket, and from 150 to 200 porsons must have been present. Tlio demean our of the spectators, wholher without or within tho preeinets of the gaol, was in kooping with thorcnlity of tho scono that was being enacted. At 8 o'clock tho prison hell tolled, when tho shoriff, nccompnniod by tho governor of tho gaol, proceeded to the condemned colls and oomniunieatod to the elorgy mon in attendance upon tho Protestant culprits, Horomona nnd Mokomoko, that tho tiii\o had oxpirod. Tho coll doors wore at. oueo oponcd, and his Excel lency's warrant was rend over to tho two prisoners The oxccutionor. ouvclopcd in erapo to tho waist, took up his position bohind each prisonor as I10 oinergod from his cell, and proceeded with alnority to tho work of pinioning. Horomona was tho first to appear; his oyesworo closed, and ho uttered tho rosponsos in a voico singularly sonorous, and with enunciation particularly clear. Ho was cutiroly passive. He had boon divested of tho long white beard which dis tinguished him upon his trial, and instead of tho lock of hair on his forehead, which like n phylactery marked liim out as tho hiorophant of tho now snporstitiou, his liuir was cropped close to tho scalp. Tho demeanor of Mokomoko wns loss quiet. Ilis restless eyes sought tho faco of ovoryono, until they mot the countenance of 801110 follow nativo, of whom thoro wero six or sovon present, and then ho would givo expression to a con vulsive "ilinia," or "Wind, is tho uso ?" This word ho uttered twiee or throo limes in reply to tho exhortations to pray from the pseudo-prophet, his follow in con demnation. When Mokomoko came forth into tho oiion uir ho turned round towards tho other divisions of tho gaol and uttered nloud, "0 korirah," or "FnrewoV, and several timos 011 his march to tho scaffold ho exclaimed, " tonei ru kuu tan 11a palcehu." " Favowoll, pakelins," When the two men arrived at t ho loot of the scaffold and ascended they were sclf- poRseHsed, and betrayed not the slightest, indication of tremulousucss or faltering. They wcro preceded by the gaoler, Mr. Tuckwoll, the Sheriff, Colonel Balneavis, and Dr. Maunscll, reading tho appropriate sorvico. The air of Horomona was that of a dovotoo, and whilst. . tho haltor was being adjusted I10 was motionless, yet orymg aloud, " o to, atu.t to tohanga 0 liuu" ("Lord hiivo rnoroy upon mo.") Ho vonturep to tell him to pray, wlion again tho rosponso was " ilinia " (" What's tlio uso ?") During tho process of adjusting tlio halter, Mokomoko oxolaunocl, " fenoi alma 0 mntohara- koro, ("Idio without cause," or "I am imioeont.") Maying Bind this ho closed his oyos, and gave himself ontiroly up to tho hangman. Tho Bov. Dr. Maunsell having finished prayors, shook tho two prisoners by tlio hand. _ Tho holt was about to bo withdrawn, when tho executioner was so ovcrcomo with norvouBnoss as Fj to render it doubtful wliothor, if loft unassisted, some inisudvouLiiro might not occur. However, lliO'liplt wns withdrawn, and tho two mon foil. Tho death, ' ' ) )ro- lnouu was instantaneous. Thoro was 0110 ' co/iVuisivo shudder uppuronl mid nil was ovor. Mokomoko strug gled slightly, hut in Icbs than a minuto all Bymptom of motion had ceased to bo obscrvnblo. By 9 o'clock 11 considerable accession to tlio numbor of spectators had tukon placo. Two catooliists .from tho Boman College had takon up a position, knooling, oulsido tho poind department ; tho two priests (the Bovs. Fathers Macdonald nnd Navardo) being in tho cells with tlioir penitents. Tlio same ceremony of striking off tho tho irons had takon place in this casu as in tho former. Tho domcanor of Hermita and Hakaraia was that of 111011 thoroughly subdued, but; yet, placid and collected. Tho doporlmont of Kiri- manga, U10 leader who called for twenty mon to kill tlio pukehas, was thill, of a porson half dead. He kept his oyos shut, swayed about ill sturtlod impotence, and wns only sustainod by his two companions — upon whose shoulders liis hand for somo timo rostcd during tho progress to tho gallows — from a thorough break down, In tiio enso of thoso, ns of tho former, thoro was no disposition to sponk. They bout their heads rospcclfully to tho unhnttcd crowd as tlioy passed. In truth, tlio two first had oponly confessed thoir guilt, ' and that of all throo was too fully established to admit either of complaint or explanation. 'Tlio proecssion was procodcd, as in tlio former caso, by the gaoler nnd tho Sheriff; in tlio presont inslaneo the two priesls walking besido tlio moribund prisonors with breviary in hand and crucifix in viow, giving out tho litany Tor tho dying, to which tho prisoners half audibly respon ded. In Ibis order they mounted tho scaffold — Haka raia occupying tho right hand, Hcrcmiln tho middle, and Kirimangn tho cxtrome left. The dread prepara tions having boon made, tho clergyman passed in front of tho condumned 111011, offering them tho crucifix, which each kissed. Tho clergymen retired, the holt was ngnin drawn, and — death, in tho cases of ITakaraia nnd Iforeiniln, was instantaneous. 'They wcro ex ceedingly heavy, muscular, well- nourished 111011. Kiri mangn wns a singular contrast to them ; ho was moroly a boy, slightly built, and omacinted to a skeleton. His checks and oyo-sookcts wcro so hollow that ho almost resembled a ghost. After the lapse of four minutes, tho liaiigman had to pull tho body by tho feet, nnd lifo. was cxtinot.. 