ITEMS OF NEWS. A farmer and quartz crusher residing in the Barfold ranges, who, in addition to his farm had a large garden well stocked with a variety of apple, pear, plum, gooseberry, currant, and other fruit trees, was surprised on Saturday morning to find that all his hopes of a plentiful fruit har vest had. during the preceding night, been anni hilated by some scoundrel, or probably scoun drels, who had cut down all the trees. Some of them of nine and ten years growth were sawn down, others felled with the axe, and the goose berry, raspberry, and currants literally mowed off. Whether or not suspicion rests on any one we eannot say, but such a diabolical act should be met with the heaviest punishment, and we hope the police will be able to secure the convic tion of the guilty persons. On Sunday, the Rev. E. Ring preached in the morning. and afternoon, and Mr G. C. Leech in the evening, in the Wesleyan Church, Donkey Gully, Campbell's Creek. At each, service there was a large congregation, and the collection in aid of the trust funds considerably augmented by them. Last evening Mr Leech re-delivered his lecture on the Literary History of the Bible, for the same laudable object. The text in the morn ing was 1st Corinthians, chap. 1, 30th verse. In the afternoon, Genesis;- 19th chap 12th verse ; arid iu the evening, Romans, 1st chapter 13th verse. What is known as a " religious revival '' is now going on at Campbell's Creek, in connection with the branch of Jhe Wesleyan .Church estab lished there. Since the days of Savonorola there has not been such a display of religious zeal. Persons of.all ages have been caught up by the prevailing influence. We are informed that twenty boys are amongst those who have made professions of" faith. - The special services, now daily held, are largely attended. The attention of the Borough Surveyor should be directed to a large hole in the road near Mr Watson's, on the Tarrangower road. In the Campbell's Creek road there is more than one such man-trap, which requires to be filled up. On Saturday evening, the dwelling of a man named Evans, residing at Ten Foot Hill, was entered by some thief, who carried away all the wearing apparel and eatables the place contained. 'The loss to the. owner was a severe one. The following is the return of traffic on the Victorian Railways for the week ending August 16, 1866:— -Passengers (12,727), parcels, horses, carriages, dogs, and mails, £3,665 13s 4d ; mer chandise, minerals, and cattle, £6,454 lis 2d ; total, £10,120 7s 6d ; corresponding period of last year, £11,648 7s. The usual fortnightly meeting.of the directors of the Argus company was held on Saturday last at Guildford. Several applications were made to fill the office of consulting engineer, but, in consequence of the recent stoppage of works from want of timber, the election was deferred for a week or two. The company is now paying 32s 6d per hundred for laths alone, for which, a few weeks back, they only paid 25s. We may mention that some companies in the locality have paid £2 per hundred. , Work as usual was resumed, yesterday. ; The usual weekly parade of the Volunteer Corps takes place to-morrow evening. A large atteudauce of members is desirable as the Commanding offices will distribute the annual cross musket badges, to those entitled to receive them. The weather of the late few days has been de lightfully fiue and pleasant. Cloudy aud watery skies have given way to clear sunshine, and Spring is evidently putting forth signs of her coming. The honey bees begin to leave their hives, having shook off the partial torpidity of winter. The frosts at night have been rather keen, and those only have the tillers of the soil to fear. Crops of all kinds are looking unusually healthy, ana an abundant harvest might, according to, present ap pearances, be anticipated. The following is the list of players who will be engaged in the quoic: match at Guildford,' to-mor row : — Married— Messrs J. Turvey, captain ; James, Gaffuey, R. McElhenney, Garner, J. M'lilwrick, Waite, W. McElhenuey, Smith, Bond, J. Andrews, Tregonnipg. Scorers— T. Doran, S. Atkiu. Single — Messrs Matson, captaiu; A. Fleming, J. Turvey, jun. ; T. Turvey, R. M'lilwrick, Morrison, D. Russell, Walker, Bailey, Telfer, Aiken, Martin. Scorers— F. Dow, T. Ireland. Referee — M. Sutlier- . land. ' ' ' \ The Baptists of Newstead intend celebrating the anniversary of the opening of their chapel, on Tuesday evening next, by a public tea meeting and concert of sacred and , secular music. A choir of musical performers from Maldon, who have been practising tor some time, have voluteered their .ser vices ; and, from the satisfaction which they gave upon a former occasion, a very agreeable entertain ment may be anticipated. The land at Smeaton, which has for some time past been advertised, was offered for sale at Bal- laarat on Saturday, by Messrs Hepburn and Leo nard, and realised from £5 16s to £9 Is for that part fit for agricultural purposes, and from £2 16s to £5 for grazing land. A large number of coun try folks were present, and out of 1,360 acres, 1,000 were disposed of. , A circular has been issued by the Chief Secretary to the various electoral registrars' iu the colony, en closing an opinion of the Attorney -General, to the effect that selectors of land under the new Land Act, who are paying rental to the Council, pro vided the -rental they pay is sufficient alone, or, added to other freehold property, makes up the yearly rental required to qualify a voter. The result of the Western Province election has been declared by the returning officer to be as fol lows Strachan, 309 ;. Miller, 219 ; thus; giving Mr Stiachan a majority of 93. An important decision on mining accidents has beeu given by his Honor Judge Macoboy In the County Court, Inglewood, a miner obtained £50 damages, and costs, upon a plaint setting forth ' that he had been hurt by a stone falling upon him iu a drive ; that the earth fall had taken place through bad timbering.' Inefficiency of the miuing manager was proved, and Judge Macoboy laid down 'that due care must he taken that a fit person, not merely competent, should be selected as mining manager, and that the greater the risk the greater the carc. W e quote the following remarks from the Spectator in amplification of our own article on the subjec : -The farmers are beginning to understand and appreciate the sort of protection which the Ministry they so ardently supported has bestowed on t em. On Monday last a meeting of farmers was held at Learmonth, to "take into consideration the ano malous position in which the agricultural interest ot the colony is placed under the present tariff. _ lne " anomaly" referred to, and of which the chairman particularly complained, was that other closes should be protected at the farmer's expense. This gentleman also admitted that he had been a Pro tectionist, but that when he found all the protec tion intended was to be for the _ artizans, aud none for the farmers, he became disgusted. He now suggests that as the principle has been embodied in the tariff, a sliding-scale of duty should be adopted for wheat, so that no importation should take place at less than seven shillings a quarter. Mr Leech did not ask for protection, but for justice. Oue speaker thought there was something radically wrong iu the means employed for raising a revenue, and very sensibly insisted that taxation should be in proportion to wealth. ' ' Mr Angus Gilchrist said he was a Free trader, and believed in equal taxation. By Protection, their very spades, ploughs, and other farming implements were taxed, and ' by it many farmers were compelled, after the harvest, to pay off their men and leave but one man on the land the whole winter,' which was not the case in the old country." The meeting ended with a resolution in favor of a fixed duty, and the appointment of a committee to secure that object. Comment on this is almost superfluous. It is what we have predicted all along. Mr Gilchrist puts the case of the farmers admirably, and upsets the two chief assertions of the supporters of the tariff. That measure was not to impose additional taxation, and was to provide more em ployment. The farmers of Learmonth declare that it has taxed their very tools of trade, and has com pelled them to turn off many of their hands. W e wonder when they will have had enough of the Ministry which has inflicted this injury upon them. Our Melbourne correspondent writes : — The loss of time — and time is money to a man of business— besides the attendant iu conveniences of being shut up in a jury-box for several days, often reconciles men to the payment of a heavy fine, rather than submitting to be thus victim ised. Lately, however, it has not been all loss to the " gentlemen of the jury " iu some of our causes celebre. Iu Cornish and Bruce's cases they were paid by the Crown. Last evening, iu the great squatting case of Glass v Martin, each juryman had £20 put into his hands as he left the court, after the delivery of the verdict, in addition to the usual fees. This little presents it is presumed, came from the successful plaintiff, but no questions were asked. A case of some interest to holders of freehold land came before Mr P. C. Crespigny, P.M., in the Talbot Police Court, the decision in whioh was of a somewhat extraordinary nature. Mr Cosstick, the owner of the land on M'Callum's Creek known as Sanders's paddock, sought by an action for trespass to eject a miner named Evan from that property. About nine months since, Evan agreed to pay Mr. Cosstick 3s per week lor tbe privilege of mining on his land ; this sum lie paid for several weeks, but afterwards, as he failed to pay the rent," Mr Cosstick told him he must leave, which defendant agreed to do. Sub sequently, Mr Cosstick found him at work in the paddock, and ordered him again to leave, an order with which defendant inforuied Mr Coss tick it was not his intention to comply, where upon Mr Cosstick commenced the action men tioned. Mr Crespigny ruled that as' Mr Cosstick had given defendant leave to mine upon his land, lie could not now turn him off, and was about to dismiss the case without prejudice, when the defendant applied to have it postponed, for what purpose was not stated, and accordingly Mr Crespigny consented to a postponement till next Thursday, on defendant paying Mr Cosstick ,15s expenses. Mr Quinlau appeared for the plaintiff. . A new quartz crushing machine has been patented and completed by Mr Wilson; of North Melbourne, and may be seen at work on the pre mises of the patentee. The peculiar character- 1 istic of the machine is that it raises the stampers to a uniform height of 9in., no matter what umount of quarka may bo under them. This Is accomplished by reason of a new kind of wheels forming part of a circle, the remaining part of the wheels being, composed of grooves which: grip the shafts of the stamps at whatever height they may be lifted. These wheels are kept tight, to the shafts by springs at the back of the bearings. The machiue at present iu work con sists of four stampers driven by a three-horse power engine, and is calculated to crush nearly thirty tons of quartz per' week, but the size of the machine can be increased to eight or sixteen- horse power like the usual machines. The cost of that now at work is £150. The patentee con siders his invention particularly applicable to diggings in remote districts ou) aoc.qunt of its cheapness and superior advantages over the old ones. A mysterious case of sudden death occurred at Clayton's Hill, Baliaarat East, says the Star,, on Sunday : afternoon. A milkseller named Andrew Guthrie, residing at Navigator's Village, was in town during the day, serving his cus tomers usual, and he was seen returning by way of Clayton's Hill shortly after three o'clock. He called at a store about that hour, 'and seemed in his usual health, but in about an hour- after wards be was found with his , neck broken and quite dead,' lying over the spring-cart he was driving, aud with ffiis lace down on one of the shafts. The horse was stauding perfectly .still at the time, and the only solution of the mystery appeared to be in the probability that. one of the wheels of the cart having: suddenly sunkintoone of the numerous ruts on the road, t-he unfortu nate man was thrown forward on to the shaft, thereby breaking his neck, We understand that when last seen -alive' he'appeareel perfectly sober. The deceased has left a wife and six or seven children. - ; 1 ; .. > T j .> It is. quite' refreshing, says the Leader to, witness the vast amount of good which the 42nd clause of the Amending Laud Act is working in He neighborhood of this town." On the' rdacUbe- tween Coghill's Creek and Talbot the fences are becoming so thick as to scarcely leave-, room for the traveller to get to-Ballaarat by this route. All the applicants seem to be working with a;' will to get their ground iu orderJ'or next year, aifd with this in view, husbands;. wives, aud children, com bine in the heartiest otmanners possible. Here aud there along, the road strong healthy women aud children may be. seen carrying stones and timber, and assisting their husbands and fathers in a variety of ways to erect the stone or timber fence around what is destined no doubt to be their habitations for life. Only a few of the al lotments appear to be under crop, and this is accounted for by the fact that the bulk of them were not obtained until the season had advanced too far for this purpose. Indeed, the great good to the country extractable from the operation of of the 42nd clause will be felt next year ; mean while it is quite cheering to see the efforts these bona fide settlers on the soil are making to sur round themselves with all the comforts of a home in this colony. The following is from the Belfast Gazette "One of the most fearful accidents we, have bad to record for some time past occurred iu Frarn- lingham Forest on Monday last. Twolads, uamed James Whittet and Alexander Scott, aged res pectively thirteen and fifteen, went out iu the forest kangaroo shooting. Scott had a double- barrelled gun, aud having fired off one barrel, he got on a log to reload. The log was slippery from the rain, and whilst in the act of loading, the unfortunate boy slipped aud fell, taking tbe gun with him. The loaded barrel' exploded, and the charge entered the boy's side, coming out near the opposite shoulder. The youugest lad, Whittet remained till poor Scott died (only a few minutes), and then he got assistance. An inquest was held on the body, on Wednesday, by Dr. Harrington, the district coroner, when a verdict of "Accidental death" was returned. The deceased lad was a sou of Mr. Peter Scott, a farmer well known in Purnirn." The Warrenheip correspondent of the Star writes :-The Fahey ghost story is not yet dead, and strange to say a large portion of the people, of course of the Fahey type only, believe it to be quite true. The stories that are now told are quite ridiculous. After a great deal of per suasion I visited the house on Thursday even ing, and found some ten or twelve persons sit ting round the reception room in truly Irish fashion, amongst whom was a traveller from the adjacent brewery, who, probably taking a lesson from ' Sam Slick,' was nursing the baby, much to the gratification of the delighted mother. Fahey narrated some of the wonders of the candles, and one wonder in particular, that of a candle which was lying on the table which gra dually erected itself on end, was lighted without human aid, and moved slowly to the edge of the table, dropped on to the floor still on end, thence travelled to the fireplace, which Fahey classi cally termed the hob, and back with a flying leap to the table, for the truth of which one or two of those present vouched. Some of those present were then invited to adjourn to the Phoenix hotel, where a ' shout ' all round being disposed of, and Fahey having quaffed his pint of M'Gill and Coghlan's last_ brew, which from the smack of his lips I imagine he enjoyed, I ventured to request that I might be allowed to witness the wonderful candle performances. This request was not granted, for I was told — rather drily — to come to-morrow, as I should see better in daylight. With a hearty laugh at find ing myself so ' dead sold,' I wished Daniel Fahey good night, and ventured to make my way along that standing monument of misspent money, the North Melbourne road." The Clunes Gazette says "As one of the results of the panic and the failure of the Mas- terman's Bank, a little local incident has come under our notice. About eighteen months since a shareholder in one of the Clunes companies died, leaving an aged father, who was not iu , very good circumstances, his property, The executors, after realising part, sent the old man some £800 through the bank in question which stopped payment two days before the money should have been paid over to him." 