FRIDAY MORNING; AUGUST 3, I860. The Building fund of the Hospital and 'Benevoleut Asylum. must be put in a sound condition at once. There is no [ doubt about the necessity for the new wing, and very little disposition among I the public to suggest a doubt. A chari table purpose has to be effected, the call is imperative, the men are ready, [ and the work must be done. The house I to house visitation already so successful j as far as it has gone, must be continued, and the amount of the liability incurred by the committee placed in the bank. The sooner the contractor calls for the payments the better. The season is an excellent one for "running up the car cass," to use a technical term, and the walls will settle down together gradually, and we shall see in future days less of those marks of sudden subsidence which obtrude themselves on the notice of the visitor, in the other portions of the Hospital, and which remind him of how work was done in the great days of the golden era. The building is still one of the finest in the town, notwithstanding that in its construction as difficult a task was set to the inhabitants, as was mak ing bricks without straw, to the Israelites in Egypt. There can be little occasion to.doubt that this appeal to the public will be responded to with the well-known liberality of the settlers on the spot. Every man amongst us, whatever his I means, must have an interest in the well- being of the general body politic. In a good cause of this hind we should expect to find the older settlers the first to subscribe, and in [ this expectation we hear that we are I verified by the list of contributors, so far as it has gone. Those who encountered | the excitements and privations of the old times before stone walls were known are not the men to leave the next gene- I ration -in the same condition of unpre paredness. On all hands there is disposition to support the movement, and, as the time for striking the iron is while it is hot. we hope that we shall be able before the week is out to chronicle the fact that the entire sum has been raised.. Some of the old stockings must be brought out of odd corners, and a sum be made up which will provide the means of relieving the . pressing wants of the halt, the the lame, and the blind, for whose relief and cure at present there is. no provision. The call is a special one—the first for eleven years—and wiil surely be re sponded to, with the liberality of old Geelong. The people who have built such an hospital as that which is the pride of the colony, equally as that of the town, will not stick at one more wing, in times when the effects of early exposure are telling on those who, but a short ten or twenty years ago, were the strongest of the strong. Our readers will remember Mr Childers's speech on the second reading of the Reform Bill, which was published in" the columns.of the Melbourne press on the arrival of the last mail We subjoin a letter of Mr Guilders in ex planation of his statements, which is | worth the attention of Victorian readers. The charge had been made that men of superior standing could not, under our present constitution, get elected to Parliament; and Mr Cm lders under took to answer this in 'the House of Commons. The cases in point are those of Sir "William Stawell and Mr Haines, for the election of members of Council does not affect the argument, and others were precluded by their position from becoming candidates. Mr Guilders states in his letter that Sir William Stawell " when a col league of mine in 1S5G, was returned at the head of the poll, under household suffrage, by the constituency of Mel bourne, then the most democratic in Victoria." Surely Mr Childers must have allowed his recollections of Vic torian politics to fade away since the time when he was famous here for the accuracy of his statistics | and the correctness of his information, for in 1S5G, so far from household suf frage being established, the franchise | under the Constitution Act establishing two Houses, was an annual value of ten | pounds sterling for householders, ten pounds for leasehold, and five pounds for freehold—so that Mr Cuildrrs's j facts are absolutely wrong. The Parlia ment thus elected, and which met for I the first time in the new Parliament | House, proceeded to consider the reform j bills brought forward by Mr Haines in j connection with the minority clause, which ended in the establishment of I universal suffrage, pure and simple; and the question for Mr Ck:ldei:s to answer is, what has been the effect of universal [ suffrage since 1857 ? Mr Haines was returned for Portlaud, one of the few | conservative and constitutional boroughs still left. But he might not easily have found another seat; and if the Chief Justice were now to enter the arena and make a clean breast of it, he would find few constituencies in the colony to appre ciate his boldness and integrity. It is strange that this for-off place of ours jdiould afford so much food for j p01"-tical remark in England, with so i little knowledge of our true position. There waJ* course much exaggeration in the alle ''-tion that gentlemen of standing " had a Sh°sfc of a chance of being returned against the lowest ruffian." Even at tho lasfc election, under the full influence a land system and a protective policy, ^ were of tho nature of public Br^es t° constituencies, tbe proportion of electors polled in favour of Government was enly as five to four ; and we bave that trus,t in the intelligence and inherent honesty I of the working classes, that we doubt not tboy will yet assert their com plete independence of all political schemes and dodges, and go in boldly I for tbe good of tbe country on broad principles. Sir,—"A "Victorian of Fifteen Tears' Standing" has called attention to some in- I accuracies in your report of what I gait}' about Australia in the House of Commons on Thursday last, which I shall feel obliged if you will correct. I said of Mr Archibald Michie that ho t was "the present Minister of Justice and virtually head of the, Government of Vic toria," Of course X did not assume that Mr Lowe now " cordially concurred" in Mr Michie's opinions. What I said was that "when my right hon. friend was a public man in Australia Mr Michie and Mr Charles Cowpdr "(the latter Prime Minister of.New t South "Wales during the greater portion of the last ten years) were his intimate poli tical allies." j Alluding to the letter read by Mr Gregory in the House last year, X said of Sir Will in m Stawell that ho was the present Chief Jus tice (not Chief Secretary) of Victoria, and that " when a colleague of mine 'in 1S5C ho was returned at. the head of the poll, under household suffrage, by the consti tuency of Melbourne, then the most demo cratic in Victoria.". I added that he if he "ceased to be Chief Justice, beyond a doubt he would be returned again now." : I said of Mr Sladen that " he also had been a colleague of mine and a member of the Assembly, and was now a member pi ' the Legislative Council;" and of the Tlfi" TTninoo " mvr Juwatiffl/l ' Mr Haines that " my lamented friend \rosr long a member of the Legislative Assembly under the present suffrage, and. died; a member of the Council." Of the other three gentlemen whose names were used in the letter I said that " two of them had been holding, before and since the establishment of responsible go vernment, offices disqualifying them from becoming members of the Legislature, and that the third was a country farmer whom I had never heard of as ambitious of public life." This was my answer t6 the allegation that not one of these gentlemen would have ghost of a chance of being returned against the lowest ruffian." Later in my statement I said that— "With much of the legislation of the colony, and some parts of its Constitution, I venture to disagree. I used to belong to a political party in Victoria which has not always had its way since, and some of the policy of our successors is not such as I should have chosen." But what I was anxious to impress upon the House was the necessity of accepting with caution the exaggerated descriptions (in newspaper extracts or anonymous let ters) of the difficulties attending responsi ble government in our colonies—difficulties often temporary, and all to my mind, as nothing compared with the practical benefits which have accompanied free institutions. It would hardly be expected of me that I should embark upon a controversy with your correspondent on this question; hut I owe it to the memory of my lamented friend Mr Haines (a letter from whom your correspondent quotes at some length) to say that, having been for a long time in inti mate correspondence with him by almost every mail, I know that ho had every confidence in the future of the colony and that he never distrusted Liberal institutions. The extract given by your correspondent is almost a repetition of a letter to myself, and refers to certain opinions and proposals relative to the Legis lative Council (or "Upper House), not to the constitution of the Assembly. With his views on this question I entirely concur, and I know that they were fortified (in his inind) hyhis experience of the two last Governors of the colony, both of whom in the controversies between the Conservative and the more popular party took tho part of the latter. In view of such combinations he felt the absolute necessity for a strong Legislative Council. Your correspondent says that "Mr Haines was rejected in 1864 by the constituency he had faithfully served." May I add, as an illustration of the need to exorcise caution in drawing conclusions from isolated occur rences of this kind, that the constituency in question (which I once represented myself) returned at the general election of this year one of the warmest supporters of Mr Haines's policy. I am, sir, your obedient servant, Hugh C. E. Childebs. 17, Prince's Gardens, May 2. 