ARMADALE. BY WILKIE COLLINS. BOOK THE SECOND.—CHAPTER II. THE first cool breathings of the coming dawn fluttered through the open window as Mr. Brock read the closing lines of the confession. He put it from him in silence, without look ing up. The first shock of discovery had struck his mind and had passed away again. At his age, and with his habits of thought, his grasp was not strong enough to hold the whole revelation that had fallen on him. All his heart, when he closed the manu script, was with the memory of the woman who had been the beloved friend of his later and happier life; all his thoughts were busy with the miserable secret of her treason to her own father which the letter had disclosed. He was startled out of the narrow limits of his own little grief by the vibration of the table at which he sat, under a hand that was laid on it heavily. The instinct of reluctance was strong in him; but he conquered it and looked up. There, silently confronting him in the mixed light of the yellow candle-flame and the grey dawn, stood the castaway of the village inn—the inheritor of the fatal Arma dale name. Mr. Brock shuddered as the terror of the present time, and the darker terror yet of the future that might be coming, rushed back on him at the sight of the man's face. The man saw it and spoke first. "Is my father's crime looking at you out of my eyes?" he asked. "Has the ghost of the drowned man followed me into the room?" The suffering and the passion that he was forcing back shook the hand that he still kept on the table, and stifled the voice in which he spoke until it sank to a whisper. "I have no wish to treat you otherwise than justly and kindly," answered Mr. Brock. "Do me justice on my side and believe that I am incapable of cruelly holding you re sponsible for your father's crime." The reply seemed to compose him. He bowed his head in silence and took up the confession from the table. "Have you read this through?" he asked, quietly. "Every word of it, from first to last." "Have I dealt openly with you so far? Has Ozias Midwinter—" "Do you still call yourself by that name," interrnpted Mr. Brock, "now your true name is known to me?" "Since I have read my father's confession," was the answer, " I like my ugly alias better than ever. Allow me to repeat the question which I was about to put to you a minute since. Has Ozias Midwinter done his best, thus far, to enlighten Mr. Brock?" The rector evaded a direct reply. "Few men in your position," he said, "would have had the courage to show me that letter." "Don't be too sure, sir, of the vagabond you picked up at the inn till you know a little more of him than you know now. You have got the secret of my birth, but you are not in possession yet of the story of my life. You ought to know it, and you shall know it before you leave me alone with Armadale. Will you wait and rest a little while, or shall I tell it you now?" "Now," said Mr. Brocck, still as far away as ever from knowing the real character of the man before him. Everything Ozias Midwinter said, every thing Ozias Midwinter did was against him. He had spoken with a sardonic indifference, almost with an insolence of tone, which would have repelled the sympathies of any man who heard him. And now, instead of placing him self at the table and addressing his story directly to the rector, he withdrew silently and ungraciously to the window-seat. There he sat—his face averted; his bands mechanic ally turning the leaves of his father's letter till he came to the last. With his eyes fixed on the closing lines of the manuscript, and with a strange mixture of recklessness and sadness in his voice, he began his promised narrative in these words: "The first thing you know of me," he said, "is what my father's confession has told you already. He mentions here that I was a child, asleep on his breast, when he spoke his last words in this world, and when a stranger's hand wrote them down for him at his death bed. That stranger's name, as you may have noticed, is signed on the cover—'Alex ander Neal, writer to the signet, Edinburgh.' The first recollection I have is of Alexander Neal beating me with a horsewhip (I daresay I deserved it), in the character of my step father." "Have you no recollection of your mother at the same time?" asked Mr. Brock. "Yes; I remember her having shabby old clothes made up to fit me, and having fine new frocks bought for her two children by her second husband. I remember the ser vants laughing at me in my old things, and the horsewhip finding its way to my shoulders again, for losing my temper and tearing my shabby clothes. My next recollection gets on to a year or two later. I remember myself locked up in a lumber-room, with a bit of bread and a mug of water, wondering what it was that made my stepfather seem to hate the very sight of me. I never settled that ques tion till yesterday, and then I solved the mystery, when my father's letter was put into my hands. My mother knew what had really happened on board the French timber ship, and my stepfather knew what had really happened, and they were both well aware that the shameful secret which they would fain have kept from every living creature, was a secret which would be one day revealed to me. There was no help for it—the confes sion was in the executor's hands, and there was I, an ill-conditioned brat, with my mother's negro blood in my face, and my murdering father's passions in my heart, inheritor of their secret in spite of them! I don't wonder at the horsewhip now, or the shabby old clothes, or the bread and water in the lumber-room. Natural penalties all of them, sir, which the child was beginning to pay alreadly for the father's sin." Mr. Brock looked at the swarthy, secret face, still obstinately turneld away from him. "Is this the stark insensibility of a vaga bond?" he asked himself, "or the despair in disguise of a miserable man?" "School is my next recollection," the other went on. "A cheap place in a lost corner of Scotland. I was left there with a bad character to help me at starting. I spare you the story of the master's cane in the school-room and the boys' kicks in the play ground. I dare say there was ingrained in gratitude in my nature; at any rate I ran away. The first person who met me asked my name. I was too young and too foolish to know the importance of concealing it, and as a matter of course I was taken back to school the same evening. The result taught me a lesson which I have not forgotten since. In a day or two more, like the vaga bond I was, I ran away for the second time. The school watch-dog had had his instruc tions, I suppose; he stopped me before I got outside the gate. Here is his mark, among the rest, on the back of my hand. His mas ter's marks I can't show you—they are all on my back. Can you believe in my perversity? There was a devil in me that no dog could worry out; I ran away again as soon as I left my bed; and this time I got off. At nightfall I found myself (with a pocketful of the school oatmeal) lost on a moor. I lay down on the soft fine heather under the lee of a great grey rock. Do you think I felt lonely? Not I! I was away from my mas ter's cane, away from my schoolfellows' kicks, away from my mother, away from my step father; and I lay down that night under my good friend the rock, the happiest boy in all Scotland!" Through the wretched childhood which that one significant circumstance disclosed, Mr. Brock began to see dimly how little was really strange, how little really unaccountable in the character of the man who was now speaking to him. "I slept soundly," Midwinter continued, "under my friend the rock. When I woke in the morning I found a sturdy old man with a fiddle sitting on one side of me, and two dancing dogs in scarlet jackets on the other. Experience had made me too sharp to tell the truth when the man put his first questions. He didn't press them—he gave me a good breakfast out of his knapsack and let me romp with the dogs. 'I'll tell you what,' he said, when he had got my confidence in this manner, 'you want three things, my man; you want a new father, a new family, and a new name. I'll be your father; I'll let you have the dogs for your brothers; and if you'll promise to be very careful of it, I'll give you my own name into the bargain. Ozias Mid winter, junior, you have had a good breakfast —if you want a good dinner come along with me!' He got up; the dogs trotted after him, and I trotted after the dogs. Who was my new father? you will ask. A half bred gipsy, sir; a drunkard, a ruffian, and a thief—and the best friend I ever had! Isn't a man your friend who gives you your food, your shelter, and your education ? Ozias Midwinter taught me to dance the Highland fling, to throw somersaults, to walk on stilts, and to sing songs to his fiddle. Sometimes we roamed the country and performed at fairs. Sometimes we tried the large towns and enlivened bad company over its cups. I was a nice lively little boy of eleven years old —and bad company, the women especially, took a fancy to me and my nimble feet. I was vagabond enough to like the life. The dogs and I lived together, ate and drank and slept together. I can't think of those poor little four-footed brothers of mine, even now, without a choking in the throat. Many is the beating we three took together; many is the hard day's dancing we did together; many is the night we have slept together and whimpered together on the cold hill-side. I'm not trying to distress you, sir; I'm only tell ing you the truth. The life with all its hard ships was a life that fitted me, and the half bred gipsy who gave me his name, ruffian as he was, was a ruffian I liked." "A man who beat you!" exclaimed Mr. Brock in astonishment. "Didn't I tell you just now, sir, that I lived with the dogs? and did you ever hear of a dog who liked his master the worse for beating him? Hundreds of thousands of miserable man, women, and children would have liked that man (as I liked him) if he had always given them what he always gave me—plenty to eat. It was stolen food mostly, and my new gipsy father was gener ous with it. He seldom laid the stick on us when he was sober; but it diverted him to hear us yelp when he was drunk. He died drunk, and enjoyed his favourite amusement with his last breath. One day (when I had been two years in his service), after giving us a good dinner out on the moor, he sat down with his back against a stone, and called us up to divert himself with his stick. He made them dogs yelp first, and then he called to me. I didn't go very willingly—he had been drinking harder than usual and the more he drank the better he liked his after-dinner amusement. He was in a high good-humour that day, and he hit me so hard that he toppled over, in his drunken state, with the force of his own blow. He fell with his face in a puddle, and lay there without moving. I and the dogs stood at a distance and looked at him: we thought he was feigning, to get us near and have another stroke at us. He feigned so long that we ventured up to him at last. It took me some time to pull him over —he was a heavy man. When I did get him on his back he was dead. We made all the outcry we could; but the dogs were little, and I was little, and the place was lonely; and no help came to us. I took his fidldle and his stick; I said to my two brothers, 'come along, we must get our own living now;' and we went away heavy-hearted and left him on the moor. Unnatural as it may seem to you, I was sorry for him. I kept his ugly name through all my after-wanderings, and I have enough of the old leaven left in me to like the sound of it still. Midwinter or Armadale, never mind my name now—we will talk of that afterwards; you must know the worst of me first." "Why not the best of you?" said Mr. Brock gently. "Thank you, sir; but I am here to tell the truth. We will get on, if you please, to the next chapter in my story. The dogs and I did badly after our master's death—our luck was against us. I lost one of my little brothers—the best performer of the two; he was stolen, and I never recovered him. My fiddle and my stilts were taken from me next, by main force, by a tramp who was stronger than I. These misfortunes drew Tommy and me—I beg your pardon, sir, I mean the dog —closer together than ever. I think we had some kind of dim foreboding on both sides that we had not done with our misfortunes yet; anyhow, it was not very long before we were parted for ever. We were neither of us thieves (our master had been satisfied with teaching us to dance); but we both committed an invasion of the rights of property, for all that. Young creatures, even when they are half-starved, cannot resist taking a run some times on a fine morning. Tommy and I could not resist taking a run into a gentle man's plantation; the gentleman preserved his game; and the gentleman's keeper knew his business. I heard a gun go off—you can guess the rest. God preserve me from ever feeling such misery again as I felt when I Iay down by Tommy, and took him, dead and bloody, in my arms! The keeper attemped to part us—I bit him, like the will animal I was. He tried the stick on me next—he might as well have tried it on one of the trees. The noise reached the ears of two young ladies riding near the place—daughters of the gentleman on whose property I was a trespasser. They were too well brought up to lift their voices against the sacred right of preserving game, but they were kind-hearted girls and they pitied me, and took me home with them. I remember the gentlemen of the house (keen sportsmen all of them) roaring with laughter as I went by the windows cry ing, with my little dead dog in my arms. Don't suppose I complain of their laughter; it did me good service—it roused the indigna tion of the two ladies. One of them took me into her own garden and showed me a place where I might bury my dog under the flowers, and be sure that no other hands should ever disturb him again. The other went to her fathter and persuaded im to give the forlorn little vagabond a chance in the house under one of the upper servants. Yes! you have been cruising in company with a man who was once a footboy. I saw you look at me, when I amused Mr. Armadale by laying the cloth on hoard the yacht. Now you know why I laid it so neatly and forgot nothing. It has been my good fortune to see something of society; I have helped to fill its stomach and black its boots. My ex perience of the servants' hall was not a long one. Before I had worn out my first suit of livery there was a scandal in the house. It was the old story; there is no need to tell it over again for the thousandth tine. Loose money left on a table and not found there again; all the servants with characters to appeal to except the footboy, who had been rashly taken on trial. Well! well! I was Iucky in that house to the last; I was not prosecuted for taking what I had not only never touched, but never even seen—I was only turned out. One morning I went in my old clothes to the grave where I had buried Tommy. I gave the place a kiss; I said good-by to my little dead dog; and there I was out in the world again, at the ripe age of thirteen years!" "In that friendless state and at that tender age," said Mr. Brock, "did no thought cross your mind of going home again?" "I went home again, sir, that very night I slept on the hill-side. What other home had I? In a day or two's time I drifted back to the large towns and bad company,— the great open country was so lonely to me now I had lost the dogs! Two sailors picked me up next; I was a handy lad, and I got a cabin-boy's berth on board a coasting.vessel. A cabin-boy's berth means dirt to live in, offal to eat, a man's work on a boy's shoul ders, and the rope's end at regular intervals. The vessel touched at a port in the Heb rides. I was as ungrateful as usual to my best benefactors—I ran away. Some women found me, half-dead of starvation, in the northern wilds of the Isle of Skye. It was near the coast, and I took a turn with the fishermen next. There was less of the rope's-end among my new masters; but plenty of exposure to wind and weather, and hard work enough to have killed a boy who was not a seasoned tramp like me. I fought through it till the win ter came, and then the fishermen turned me adrift again. I don't blame them food was scarce and mouths were many. With famine staring the whole community in tie face, why should they keep a boy who didn't belong to them? A great city was my only chance in the winter time; so I went to Glasgow, and all but stepped into the lion's mouth as soon is I got there. I was minding an empty cart on the Broomielaw, when I heard my stepfather's voice on the pavement side of the horse by which I was standing. He had met some person he knew, and to my terror and surprise they were talking about me. Hidden behind the horse, I heard enough of their conversation to know that I had narrowly escaped discovery before I went on board the coasting-vessel. I had met at that time with another vagabond boy, of my own age; we had quarrelled and parted. The day after, my stepfather's inquiries were made in that very district; and it became a question with him (a good personal descrip tion being unattainable in either case) which of the boys he should follow. One of them he was informed was known as Brown, and the other as Midwinter. Brown was just the common name which a cunning runaway boy would be most likely to assume; Mid winter, just the remarkable name which he would be most likely to avoid. The pursuit had accordingly followed Brown and had allowed me to escape. I leave you to imagine whether I was not doubly and trebly deter mined to keep my gipsy master's name after that. But my resolution did not stop here. I made up my mind to Ieave the contry alto gether. After a day or two's lurking about the outward-bound vessels in port, I found out which vessel sailed first and hid myself on board. Hunger tried hard to force me out before the pilot had left; but hunger was not new to me and I kept my place. The pilot was out of the vessel when I made my ap pearance on deck, and there was nothing for it but to keep me or throw me overboard. The captain said (I have no doubt quite truly) that he would have preferred throwing me overboard; but the majesty of the laws does sometimes stand the friend even of a vaga bond like me. In that way I came back to a sea life. In that way I learnt enough to make me handy and useful (as I saw you noticed) on board Mr. Armadale's yacht. I sailed more than one voyage, in more than one vessel, to more than one part of the world; and I might have followed the sea for life, if I could only have kept my temper under every provocation that could be laid on it. I had learnt a great deal—but, not having learnt that, I made the last part of my Iast voyage home to the port of Bristol in irons; and I saw the inside of a prison for the first time in my life, on a charge of mutinous conduct to one of my officers. You have heard me with extraordinary patience, sir, and I am glad to tell you, in return, that we are not far from the end of my story. You found some books, if I remember right, when you searched my luggage at the Somerset shire in?" Mr. Brock answered in the affirmative. "Theose books mark tle next change in my life-and the last bIefbro I took tile usher'es ilac at the school. My term of imprison mont was not a long one. Perhaps my youth pleaded ftr me; perhaps the Bristol magistrates took into consitleration the time I lhald lnpassed in irons on board ship. Anyhow I was just turnel seventeen when I found myself out on the worl ogain. I had no friends to receive me; I had no pilace to go to. A sailor's life, after what had happened, was a life I recoiled fiom in dieisgst. I stood in the crowd on the bridge at Bristol, wonder ing what Ishouold do with my freedom now I had got it back. Whether I had altered in the prison, or whether I was feeling the chango in oharacter that comes with coming manhood, I don't know; but the old rockless enjoyment of tihe old vagabond life seemed quito worn out of my natureo. An nwfil sense of loneliness keit me wandering about Bristol, in horror of the quiet country, till after nlighlltfall. I looked at the lights kindling in tohe parlour windlows with a miserable envy of the happy Ipeolle inside. A word of advice would have been worth something to to at that time Well! I got it: a policenman ad vissed me to move on. Hie was qnite right. - lwhat elso could I do; T looked uip at the sky, anil there was my old fi'iendl of many a night's watchl at seaon, the north star. ' All points of the comnpass aire alike to me,' I thought to my self; I I'll go your way.' Not even the star woull keep me company that niglht. It got bhtlind a cloutd aIntd left me alone in rain nal darkness. I groped my way to a cart-shed, fell asleelp, anid dtreanmted of old times, when I served my gipsy master andil lived with the dogs. God! what I wouldt have given when I woke to have ftlt Tommy'a little cold mnzzle in my htandl! lWhy am I dwelling ott these things? why don't I get on to thie end? You sholdtli't encouraio mne, sir, by listening so patiently. After a week or tmoro of wan dering, without thop to help me or pirospects to look to, I foundl myself in tihe streets of Shrewsbry, otarinag in at thie windows of a bookseller's shop. An old man came to tithe shop-door, looked alboult him, and saw me. 'Do you want a job ?' hle aslkedl. And are you not above dtloing it cheap ?' The prospect of having something to do, and some hItman crolnttre to slpeakll a wordt to, tempted me, nndt I dlid a day's dirty work in the bookseller's warethonse for a shilling. Meor work fol lowed at the same rate. In a week I was promoted to sweep out the shop and put tlup the shutters. In no very long time after I was trusted to carry the books out ; anti wohen quartetr-day camne and Ithe shopman left I took his ulacn. Wonderfl'l luck! vou will say; hIero I hadl fountd ny way to a t'iiendl at last. I had found my way to one of tihe most merciless misers in En gland ; and I had risen in the little worldl of ShIewshlury by the pirely commercial process of unriderselling all my competitors. Tite joht in thie warehonse hadl been declined at the price by overy idle man in the town-and I did it. Tile regnlar poter receivedl his weelly pIittance inlter weetly plrotest. I took two shillings less and madelo no complaint. Tite shopman gave warning on the groind that he was tunderfed as well as underpaid. I received htlf his salary antl lived cotntentedly on hIis reversionnay scraps. Never were two men so well suited to eachi other as that bookseller and Il! His one object in life was to find somebody who would work for himi at starva tion wages. My one olbject in life was to find somebodyv who would give me an asyluni over my head. Without a single sympathy in csimmon--without a vestige of feeling of any sort, Ihostile or fitiendlly, growing up between us on eitlher side--withot wishlinag eachl other good-night when we parted on thie hiouse stairs, or good-morning when we met at the shop counter--we lived alone in tltat house, strangers fr'om tlirst to Inst, for two wlholo years. A dismal existence for a lad of, tmy age, was it notl? Yu a're a clergyman anmd a schlolair-surely 0you11 can guess what made the life entdurable to me?" IrII. lirock remembered thie well-worn volumes whiclh had been found in the usher's lbag. "The books made it endurable to you," Iheo said. ThIe eyes of the castaway kindled with a new light. "Yes! " he said, " the books--the genor otts frienls who met me without suopicion thie merciful masters who nover' used me ill ! T'le only years of my lifo that I: can look back on with something like pride, are tihe years I passed in thle miser's honse. The only analloyed pleasure I have ever tasted, is tite pileasure that I fotnd for myself on thie miser's shelves. Early and late, thtrotgh tih long winter nights and thie quiet slummer days, I drank at the fountain of knowledlge, and never wearied of thie draeghlt. Thore were few customers to serve--for the books were mostly of the solid atnd scholarly kind. No responsibilities rested on me-for tlte accounts were kept by my master, andt only the small sums were suffered to ipass tlhrough my ihands. He soon foind out enough of me to know that my honesty was to be trestedt, anti that my patience mighlt be counited on, treat me as hIe might. 'lThe one insiglht into his chlaracter whichl I obtainedl on my side widened the distanrce between us to its last limits. IIo was a confirmed opnium eater in secret-a prodligal in ltndanum, though a miser in all besildes. Ie never con fessed his frailty, and I never told him I had fotund it out. IHe Ihad Itis pileasure alpart fioom me; and I had my pileasure alart trotm him. Week after week, month after' month, there we sat without a firiendlly worid over passneig between us--I, alone with mroy book at tlhe counter: he, alone with his ledger in the parlor, dimly visible to me through the dirty window-purte of the glass door, sometimles puriig over his figures, sometimles lost anti motionless for hlours in the ecstasy of his opium trance. lTimne piased and mnade no inpression on us; thle seasons of two yeatrs camte and went, iind ftitnd us still inchaniiiIgedl. One molrnintg, at the opening of the thlirdl year, my master didi not appearl' as usual to give mo my aillowance for breakftsr. I itrt luplstaires and foutnd him helpless in hIis bedl. lieo refused to trust me with the kmeys of the ciuboiardi, or to let ioe seIId ft' it docLto'. I bought i ,orstel of bread Iawl wenet hiack to tty boolis-with no more teeling for hiil (I ihoniestly confese it) than he i'wouiiil iave tail iifor ie ninderl lii 5l lllllle CilClllnst;lances. An hiitr or twh littir I ;ue rtiused fromt tay ritding hl u' n oci-i u ionaiu il eI i mll,? toln i ofi(l''r, i retired nm4,dical man, II. went upsintui,, I waus ghli to gut sid ii him Iral ltuttirn tei lily b liki, I1 i tuon i down lgitn st d ditsturlbet ml Iiei l e11o , i t o t I iin'ii illh liket yel, lily Idtl,' Lbu anidi ' Iat I Iliclt It mty tdutty to say thrat you will soon hlave to shift for yourself. You ore no groat favourite in tie town, and you m11y hve so dl lificllenlty in lindlllg1 a n0ew pilce. Providelo yourself with a written charoctor firomn your anster bloro it is too Ilto.' lT slpoke to mn coldly. I tlhankedl hin coldly oii my side and got my chlnoctor the sname t(n3. Do you think my oastier let mo have it folr notllhing ? Not hIol ITo bnr gained with nm on hia death-bod. I was his credllitor for a iionth's sohIl')y, and ho iVonlin't writn a lino of my testimoninl lluntil I had first l'omlised to forgivo him tbhe lebt. 'Threo days afterwards he died, enjoying to thle lst the hlaphiness of laving overlrncheid Ilis shop oman. ' Ahn,' ho whis?pored, when thle dbotor fermally summonedl mo to'take leave of him, ' I got you cheap ! '--Wns Ozins Midwinter's stick as cruel as that? I think not. Well! there I 0was out on time world ngain, but surely with better prospects tlis time0. I had tnulght myself to reoad Latin, Grook, ant Geroman; andt I had got my written ollaracter to openk for me. All sloelesa Tile doctor was quite right; I was not liked in tile town. The' lower order of tihe people dlespilsed me for selling my services to thie minoser at thie misel's price. As fior the Ibetter claoss, I did withli themll (God knows how !) what I have always done with overybody, except Mr. Armadula -I producedl a disagreeoble impression at first sighllt; I couldn't mend it alfterwards; and there was an end of me in'reslecttable lquarters. It is quito likely I might aive slent Iall my savings, my puny little golen offspring of two yealrs' lniserabllo growth, but for i school ndvortisomont whicl I saw in a local llpelr. The heloartlessly mann terms thllat wore oflhred encoluragedl me to epply; and I got te place. HIow I lprosplred' in it, and wlat became of mo next, thlere is no need to tell you. The thrend of my story is all wound off; my vognbo:ld life stands strippedl of its mystery; and you know tihe worst of me lt lost." A momlent of silence followed thlos closing wordls. Midwinter rosa from the wiIndow-n seat and came bnck to the table with the lot ter fromn Wildbnd in his hand. " iMy fither's confessiori has tohl you who I am; and my own confession Ioes told you whallt my life Iiis been," he snaid, addressing Mr. Brock, withoet taking thIm chair to whichl thle rector pIlointed. "I promisel to make a cle n breast of it when I first askled leave to enter this room. IIave I kept my word ? " "It is illmpossible to tloullt it," replied MIr. Brook. " You have establishedl your claim on my confidence antd ymrpathy. I sholnmi be insensibla indeedl if I cosld ko0w wllhalt I now Iknow of your childhood antl your yotlh, antd not feel sornetlling of Allan's kItindness for Allan's firiend." "Thank you, sir," silid Midwinter, simply and gravely. He sat down opposite Mr. Brok at thlle table for tho filrst time. "In a few hours you wiill oavo loft tilis plnce," he proceeded. "If I cni hbl'p you to leave it with your mlind at daose I will. 'There is more tobe soaid boticon us than we have said up to this time. My futurel rolations withl Mr. Armadole are still left lndelocildedl; ind tihe serioous 'qlestion 1raised by mny father's letter is a question wlich we have Ineither of us fIescl yet." HII pausRed and looked withll a nmomentary impatienco at thie candle still burning on tlhe table in tie morning light.' Thie struggle to spoeak with comnposllro, andl to ikeeol hiis own feeliegs stoicallly'olt of view, was evidently growing rordler and lardlor tolhim. "It mnay possibly h1olp yo'lr decision," he wont on, " if I toll 3you how I determiined to not towards IIr. Arniadale-iin the matter of the simnilrity of our nanmes--whenI first read tliis letter, andt when I hall composed my;self suolliciently to 'be iblo to think at all." 1Hoe stoppedl, ant cost at secolndl imnpatient look at the lighted cantlle. "Will you excuse tbhe odd ficybof an odd man ? " heaasked, with a tiint smoilo. " I woant to Ilput ot thie canidle I wanrt to speak of the now subject in tihe now light." Hle extinguislhed the candle as lie spoke, and let tbe first tenderness of the dlayligbt flow tninterlruptedly into tie room. "I must once mort nsk yor' ipationce,'' he resumed, "if I return for'a moment to myself and my circulmstances. I have aroeadly toll you thlqt my stelptfnlthor made an attempt to discovler ino some years ofier I had tullronedl. my backl on the Scotch sclhool. Ho took that stoep out of no anxiety of his own, but simply as the agent of my flithellr's trusteos. In tlhe exercise of ltheir discretion they had sold the estates in Barbadnlloos (at the tiilo of the emannncilpation of thre slaves, nnd tihe ruin of West Indlian property) fbor' whit the ostates woulll fetch. 1loving invested thie lproceeds they wer0e bound to cot asilde a 1m fi)r iimy yeorly edlucation. This responsibility obliged them to mnake thle attempt to tlrace me-a fruitless atternlmpt as you alleady know. A little lator (tas I have been since informeld) I was publicly addressedl by nn advertisement in the newsplapers--whlich I never saw. Later still, when I w's twenty-one, ia second adlvertisement (which I did see) offered a rewllrdl for evidence of my deathloll. If I was alive, I Ihad a right to my half 1share of the ,roceells of tllhe estates onl coming of go ; if deadtl, the money relvertedl to miy mothler. I went to the lawyers and hIloardi firom them what I have just told you. After some diffi culty iin i proing my. ':n y--and after an ilterview wvith my step)rAllher, andl a mes sage from my miother, whlich h 111hlipelslye widlenedl the old b:oach between us--llmy cllilnm was alllowedl; and thile mrroney is now investedl for ne in the funds, under tho nallme that is roeally my own." Mm-. Brock ldrew eagerly nearer to the tnable. li savw the end now to which the ,loeaker was tendinfg. "Twic a y',ar'," Miidwinter pIrsuedol, "lI mutqt sign my own name to get liy owrn io come. At all othler timles, nd undller all other0 circulmstanlces, I may hide my ildenltity nillller any n0amn I plenao. An Oaian Midwin t1r Mr. Arnitidale first knew me --os Ozaius Midwinrlter he nlhaill know men to the endl of my tdays. Whllatever may' be t111 reselt of thlisinterview-whethller I win yo0ur confidence, or whethlier I (1011 it--,f"ono thiing you Ilay flel sre1. Your hpiil 111ll nnwer know the Illr'ibl(e secret wliich I hIllve ti ustd tlo \oir' keeping, T'his is no extraordiumyv resolution • -lor, ats yotl kne',w ahready, it cost nuse no rcrificeil of fteliing 11to (!11p my amIIuInI d 0 a( , iTher is nothing 1113'llay c0ltnet llto ike,'--it com nreuralxllly out of the g,'aliltuh, of a thsJllkll If I n, I( vi,,w the cill . lnflleil( flr' ylOII l?llif, iri'; taud tlt 1(1 ' I (o 1 IV s l ron, r I1 ,vnulthi If the in to h, Ary dolf th ot of tie is | questiot, If |Iha story of the nonleS is ove, r told, tlhesr can ho no limiting it to the dis closure of my father's crime; it most go back to the story of Mrs. Arinldale's msrriage. I hiave heard Iher son talk of her;' Iknow how io loves her memory. As Godi is my witness, hie salnll never love it less dlearfry throgh me I" Simply as tlhe worlds were spoken, they touched tilde oopest sympathies in the rector's nature: they took his thoughts back to Mrs. Arnadlalno's death-bedl. Thereo sat tlhe msa igainst whllom seli had ignorantly warned him, in iher son's iote'est-t--nand that man, of his otvn firee-will, hald hlid on Ihimsnlf the obligation of respecting her secret for hlier son's sake! The memory of his own past oeffts to destroy the very friendrlship out of whichl this resolution had sprung rose and reproachled Mr. Brock. lHe hieldl out his hand to Midilwinter for the first time. " In liher name, andl in her son's name," hF said, warmly, " I thank you." Without replying, Midwinter spread tihe confession open bhforu hlimn on the table. "I think I have said alnil that it was my louty to say," hie began, " hefore we could nprlnoacl thile consideration of this letter. Whatever may have appeared strange in my condnct tovwardls you andl towards Mr. Arma daln may be now trustod to explain itself. You can easily imagina time natral cariosity and surprise tlhat I mast Ihave felt (ignorant as I thnn was of the truth) wlen time soundl of Mr. Armadale's name first startledl me as tihe echo of my own. You will readily uinder stand that I only hesitated to tell him I was his namesake, because I hesitated to damnage my position-in your estimation, if not in his \--by confessing that I hadl comne among you lndler an assumedl name. And, after all that you hlave. just heanrd of my vagabendl life and my low associates, you will hardly wonder at the obstinate silence I nmaintainei ablout my self, at a time when I did not feel theo sense of responsiility whlicl my fhther's confession has lail on me. Wo can return to these small personnl explanations, if you wish it, at another time; they cannot ha suffered to keop us from tlhe greater interests which we most settle before you leave tlhis place. We may come now -" his voice faltered ; anil he schldonly turned hris fica towards the window, so as to hide it from tlhe rector's view. " We may come now," ie 'repeated, his hlandl trembling visibly as it held tihe pago, "to thie mrorder on board the timber-sliip, and to thie wsrnirg that has fol lowed me firom my father's grave." Softly-as if Ihe feured they might reach Allan, soneping in the neighboiring room-he rend tihe last terrliblo words whicl thieScotch man' I pen had written at Wildbad, as they fell frotm his fither's lips. "Avoid the widlow of the man I killed-if the widow still lives. Aviid thebo maid whoao wicked hand smooethed the way to the mar rinage-if the maid is still in her service. Andi, more tlhan til, avoid the man who bears the same name as ysour own. OffHnd your boat boenefactor, if that benefloctor's influence ihas connectecl you one with another'. D)eseort the womain who loves yous, it' that wmnan is a link between yeou anld lim. IIido yourself firo m him nndler an assumeds name. Put the moontains asdl tihe seas between you ; he un grsatfisl; be tunforgiving; bhe alnil that is most repsllent to your own gentler nature rather than live unlder the same roof and breathe the same air with that man. Never lot the two Allan Armadalles meet in this world ; never, never?', iover !" After readling those seutecheos he pushed the mannuscript firom him without looking i up. TIe fiatal reserve which hie hadl been in a fair way of conquering but a few minutos since possessed itself of him once more. Again hisa eyes wandered; ngaii his voice sank in tone. A stranger who had heard his story anl saw him now woeld have said, " his look is lurling, his manner is had; hie is, every inch of him, his father's son." "Ihave a question to asIk you," said MIr. frockc, Irealiny the silence betwoon them, on his side. "llWhy Ihave you jiust read that passage in your ftlithor's letter ?" "To force me into telling you the truth," was the nswver. " You must know how much there is of my father in me, before you trust me to be Mr. Armadlile's friendl. I got my letter' yesterlday, in the norning. Some inner warning troubledl me andl I went down on the sea-slhore Iby myself before I broke the oenl. Do you selieve the ldedl can come hback to the world theyov once livedl in? I believe my fitthelr came buack ia that brighlit miorning light, through tIhe glare of that Irolad san sline ansI thie roar of that ioyfil snea, and watcled me while I read. When I got to the words that you have just Iearld, and when I knew that tie vory endl whlich hlie hald diedl dlreading was the enrl that hadil really come, I felt the horror that hadl crepolt ovier Iim in his last mioments creepineg overt me. I straggled against myself as hie wvoeld have ohadl me struggle. I triedl to bu all that swas most relpellent to my own gentleri nature; I tried to tlhink pitilessly of putting the mountains and the seas between mo and the man who bore miy name. Hiours ipassed before I could prevail on mnyself to go back and rurn the risk of meeting Allin Armdalla in this house. When I did get back, and wsoln ie met me at night on thie slstair., I thought I Iwas look ing him in tire foe as my father loolked iais fiithler in tihe face when thie cabin door closed between them. Draw your own conclusions, sir. Say, if you likle, tlhat tihe inheritance of my filther's heIlthen belief in Fate is one of the inheritances lie hasi left to me. I won't disprute it; I won't deny that all through yesterday his silperstision was my super stition. The night came before I could find my way to canlmoer andl brighter thoughts. But I dill find my waiy. You may set it down in my favonrt lhat I liflted myself at last sbovu tihe infllnence of this horriblo letter. Do yciu kinow what helpedl me ? " SDid yot reason withl yourself " "I canr't reason abnout what I feel." Didi yiu qeiet youer miitd by pirayer ? " " I was not fit to 'Iri". " And yet somietlhing guided you to the better feeliug randl theu truer view ? " "Simtething didl." S iWhUt wVo it ? " " My live for Allaun Armadale." IIis camt a dosubting, alnost a timid lood at 3r. llrsck aus hi gave that answer ; antl sud :lhnly Iliivisg the tablel went back to the ivi,i'uiub'-si'.t. " llvei I nro right to ipeki of hIim in that iway "'hs h shioud, ]tliplg liia tflco hiddei floa ll retIrl. " limavs l inot rowlon dill lii' nog Iesuisih ; leivi I sunt dIse eDsiigh for hill yeti' Illilssisilher whaiit iay exliel'rieilo i of otheur imeim had bleu wluhel I lir.t aow Ibl hand hold out to oe; wheno I first hosrd hi vokloo speaking to me in my sick room. What had I known of strangers' hands all tlhrnglh my obildhood? I liid only known theom ashnntds raised to threnaten and to striko men. HIis hand put mny pillow straight, and patted ma on the shoulder, and gavoe men my food and drink. What had I known of other men's voicr? when I was growing up to be a man myself? I had only known theom as voices that jeered, voices that cursed, nvoices that whispered in corners with a vile distrant. Hia voice sanid to me, ' cheer up, Midwinter I we'll soon bring you round again. You'll bn strong enough in a week to go olt for a drive with me in our Somerctshire lanes.' 'Think of tho gipsy's stick; think of the devils laughing at me when I wont biy their windows with imy little dead dog in my arms; think of the man toer who cheatend mn of miy month's nalary on his deatlh.ed-and ask your own hienrt if the miserable wretch whom Allan Armndalo 1a0s treanted as his equal and Iris friend Iens said too much in nsaving that hio loves him ? T do love him ! It wvill come oult of inla-my lifi-yes, the lifo that is mreious to meo nowr, becnuse hIis kindness lhas imadno it a happy one-I tell you I wonuld give my life--" Thie next words died away on lia lips; thln hystericnl passion roan: nu cinnqlered him. He stretcheld oalt one of his hundsl with a wild gesture of entreaty to Mr. Buock; hisa head sank on the window-sill, and hle burst into tonrs. Even then the hasrd disciplino of tlie main's life assorted itself. lie expecte?d no sym patlhy; hie counted on no mercilil ihuman respect for hu'man weakness. 'uThe orol necessity of senlf- supprcssinn was present to hiu mind whileI tel tars were pouring over hia chenks. "Give mie n miniute," ie sanil, faintly. "I'11 fight it down in a minnto; I won't dis tress you in this way again." Trno to his rosolitioo, in a minute Ih hiad fought it down. In a minute more ie was nhle to sneak calmly. "?,e will got hack, sir, to those beotter thoughts which brought mo last night firom my room to your.," hle roesumed. "I can only repoint that T shohld nevar have torn mysolf from the hold which this letter fastened on mo if T had not loved Allan Armadale with nil that I have in ma of a brother's love. I sanid to mysdlf, ' ifh th thought of loaving him breaks my htenrt, the tlmooght of lonving him is wrong I' Tlhat was somla heo0rs sinco and T am in tise ame mind still. I can't. boliovo-Ir won't boliovo-that fr'iondshlip whichl has grown out of nothing but kitidness on one side, and nothing but gratitmlli on the other, is desoatined to load to an evil end. I don't uindervalue tho strangs ci'rcmstmnces whlicih have mado us natmesakes-the strange circtumstances which have brought us togethler, nnd attached us to neach otheor-tha strange cironmstancos wahidih iave sinen happened to us separately. They may, and thoy do, oall link themanlves together in my thoughts; but they shall not daunt me. I won't believe that theso evonts have ialipnned in tlo.order of Fate, for an and that is evil-I mwill heliove that they have happened in the order of God, for an and that is good. Jludgeo, y3o who nlo n olergyman, hotweOen thie deand father, whos word is in those pages, and the living son, whoso word is now on his lipls! Which am 1-now that the two Allan Armadnles ihave met again in thie second generation--an in struttent in thn haInds of Fate, or an insatru ment in thie Ihands of Providoncen? What is it appointed me to do-now that I amt breath ing the smoe air, antl living i undet r the ameo roof with the son of thle man vwhom tny flthtor killedt-to perpetuonta mty fathear's crime by mortally injitring hiimP or to atone for ma y father's crima by giving him thie devotion of my wholo lifo? The last of those two ftithls is my faith--and shall be my ftithl, happce what may. In thie strength of that batte? conviction I have come hero to trusat you with my fatheor's secret, and to confess the wretched story of my own life. In thle strenglth f thalt better conviction, I can filco you resolutely with the one pilain question, which marks the one plain ond of atll that I have come hero to any. Your pupil stands at the start ing pointt of his new career, in a position singnlarly frieindless; his one great need is na compasnion of his own age on whom Ihe can rely. Th, time has come, sir, to decide whether I am to be that companion or not. After all you have heard of Ozias Mlidwinter, tell me plainly, will you trust hitn to bhe Allan Armndalo's friend ?" Mr. Brock met that fearlessly frank ques tion by a fearless frankness on his side. " I 'believo you love Allan," Ihe said; "and I believe you have spoken the truth. A man who has produced tlhat impression on me is a man whom I am bound to trust. I trust yOU." Midwinter started to his feet-his dark face flushing deep; his eyes fixed brightly and standily at last on the rector's face. " A lightl" hle exclaimedl, tearing the pages of his father's letter, one by onoe, fi·o tm the st?n ing that held thtem. "' Let uc destroy thi last link that hlels tuc i t hei hI rible aot! Let us so this cotfession a heep of alics before we Itrt ! i " Wiit! " said Mr. Drock. "Before youi burn it thero is reasoIn for lookitg at it once more." \- The parted leaves of the manusceriptdroppied from Midwinter's hatds. Mnr. ]3rock took them upl anti sorted them carefully until lhe found the lIst page. ::" I view your fiather's snplristioti~n as you view it," setid the rector. "Biut there is a warnming given you which you will do weoll (for Allan's sake and fir your own snke) tinot to neglect. The last liik with the Ipast will not be destroyed when you hnvu burnt these pages. One of the actors in this story of trenachery and murder is not dead yet. iRead those words." Hie pushed the page across the table, with his finger on onn sentence. Midwitter's agi tation misled hIim. lie mistook the itndica. tion and roeadt, "avoid tihe widlow f the man I killed-if the widow still lives." "Not that sentence," said the rector. The next." Midwinter readl it: "Avoid the imaid wloseo wicked Italnt smotttlled tihe way to the marritge-if tti maid is still ii her lsorvice." 'Ji t 'l lltaii auln tle lmitr OtelSs lt ,l" n?t iti, l Mtr Diochi, "'t iht timt otl' the niietre'o's Ioir. ri ngo. T'ihtlli niutiti alld lIhill litroc )lmiet lralllli st Mrsr AiM'itaudhu' l's rsititutct iin $uunmorahtishtire, laslt yiutr, I mysceif Inie t Ih r wOt)uIi il lthe vhllihu, itnd mIitylf Ioh ,w tlttt hotr vi'it hIt.+ tartd tr, A.U, Ial.ulu ,,'s , tleth. \l'uit in lill, tutu cotttuijtuiut yttur ,ll; I et t hI v I tit o ti l ul Jut wahiou:l its Iii witshu huid c+uthti Istllrheffl clear brown o.os dying out slowly. What the rector had nnid lhand prodrceld no traniornt impression onl him; tlheo was morn thin louht, there was alarmn in his fice, no ho sat lost in his own thougbhtV. Wns tihe struggle of thello past night renewingitself alrendy ? Did hIo 'feel the horror of his hlerditary super stition creeping over him gnain ?" " COlln you pt me on mly guard ogainst hier?" he asked, after a long interval of ailence. " Can you tell me her nameo?" " con only toll you what Mrs. Armadale told me," answered Mr. B3rock. " Tl'he woman necknowledged havingi beon married inl tLhe long interval since li andl her mistress hadl lnast met. But not a word escnaped her about liar past lifo. She camo to Mrs. Armadnlo to ask for money, under a plea of dist'Oase. She got the money and alo loft the lhonse, positively reflsing, when tihe question was put to hr,' to mention her married ,oame." "Yo sanw her. yoursolf in the village. Wlhat was slie like?" "She kept her veil down. I can't toll you." "You coan tell me what yoil did moo?" "COertainly. I saw nas aliO eapproached mnn that shio moved voery graoefillly, thalt shie lhad a heauntiflnl figare, and tlhat the tone of iar voice wnas remnrkly soft and winning. Lastly, I irenimbered afterwards thant shel woore a thick black veil, a black bonnot, a blacklt silk droess, and n red Paisley slinwl. I feel all the impmortncn of your ponssessing somo botter mieans of identifying lei than I coan give you. Bill, anlhmppily-'-" Tin sopped. Midwihnter was leaning nagerly ncroas the table, and Midwinter's hond ??as laid anlddenly on his arm. "Is it possible tlhat you know the womnn?" asked IMr. Brock, surprised at the nudden clhanag in his manner. " No." "What Ilavo I said, then, that lhas startled you so ? " iDo you remember the woman who throw hierself firom the river stenmer?" asked the other--" tile woman who causnaed tnhat.suces sion ofdeatls which opened Allan Armadale's way to the 'horlop-Amnbroso estate ?1" "I rmemebier the description of her in tile police report," answoered the rector. " 'That woman,!' puriied lMidwinter, "moved gracefully, and lhad a beautiful figure. 'lThat womannn wore a black veil, a black bounnet, a" hlnckl silk gown, and a red Paisley shawlm--" Ho stoplped, releonsed his holh of Mri. Birock's arm, and abruptly roesumedol his choir. " Can it b e tie same ?:' he anid to himislf in a whisper. "ITs there a fatality that follows man in the dalrk? And is it fol lowing us in that woman's footsteps?" If the conjecturen was rilght, the one event in the )ast which hlnd appeared to be entirely disconnected with the evonts tlhat had pre ceded it woe, on the contrary, the one missing link which made the chain complete. MIr. Brook's comfortable common sense instino tively denied tlhat startling conclusion. He looked at Midwinter with a compassionate smile. " My young friend," heo said kindly, " have yon clorend your mind of all snporstition ae complentoely as you think ? Is what you have just said worthy of tile better resolution at hlich you arrived last night? " Mlidwinter's heaond drooped on his breast; thie colour rushed back over his face: lihe sighedl bitterly. "You are beginning to doubt my sincerity," hle oanid. "I cnn't blname you." "I believe in your sinicerity as firmly as over," answered 'Mr. Brock. "I only doubt whother you Inve fortified the weak lnccs in your nature as strongly as you yourself sup poses. Many a man has lost thi battle against himoself fnr oftener than you have lost it yet, andIl has nevertheless won his victory in thel end. I don't blause you, I don't distrusti you. I only notice what has happened to put you on your guard against yourself. Come! come ! Lot your own better sense help youn; and you will ngree with me that there is really no evidence to justify thle suspicion that tile woman I mot in Somersetshire and thae woman who attempted suicido in London are onoe and the same. Need an old man like mo remind a yonng man like you, that tlhere are thousands of women in England with beanti ful figures-thousands of women whb are quietly dressed in black silk gowns and red Paisley shawls ?" Mlidwinter caught eagerly at the sug gestion; too eagerly, as it might have oc curred to a harder critic on humanity than Mr. Brock. "You are quite right, sir," he sid, " and Iam f quite wrong. Tens of thousands of women answer the description, as you say. I have been wasting timeno on my own idle fincies when I ought to have been carofilly gatheri.g up fitcts. If this woman ever attempts to find lher way to Allan I must be proeired to stop her." Ie bhegan senrching restlessly lllollg thle lunuscrilpt loves seat. t1red about thie table, paused over one of the pages and examined it ttenltively. "lThlis h, ls me to somlotlhieg positive," el, went on; " tins Ih)lps mte tol a knlowledge of he agneo. Sie was twelve at thie time of Mrs. Arman dale's nIlarrliage; add a year and bring her to thllirteen; add Allan's ego (twoenty-two), and we make her a woman of five.and-thirty at the present time. I know her ago; and I know tllhat sll has hler own reasons for being silenlt abot u hr llmarriedt life. This is somle tling gaileied at tle outset, and it 1may lead in tilme to somllething more." ITe looked up brightly agaill at Mr. Brock. " Am I in tile right way now, sir? Am I doing my best to profit by tihe caution which you have kindly, given me ?" "You are vindicating your own better snsen," answered thile rector, oncouraging him to tl,'ample down Iis own imagination with an Englishlmal's ready distrust of tile Ilnoblest of tile Illmanl faculties. "' You are lpaving tilhe way for your own Ilhalplier life." " Amn I? " said tile other, tllhoughlltflly. 1Ie searchled nmong the papers once tiore, and stoppIed at anotler of' the secllttereld Iage. "The shil!" he exclnimed suddely~nt colonr changinlg ngain and his ninuner nlr? isg on the iestn¢t. Wllhat ship ?" nalkedl ile rpoelor. "'l'Thn .lhip in whiicl lt h1 d11d1 was dtone," Midlwiit'r nllwered, rwiltl tle 1 ltal elgsle of imlttlelrcu that hIe h1a1d showe yet. "The ship in wbish my liththr's imurdIrous han~d turned tie lnolk olfll unblit dhoor." " Wr t ofl it 1 " ihl th 'o lteruck, liiitjjeiittwll'i 111)t III bestl Ihe qttellutt!Ol Jli 0)110 rtnithtild leixd uflotitlhy en the 1101W lhiot ihe wa, ruudingt,' ".A r'ouob vesl eml, loy4ed la the tlwbei. trnde," lhe said, still speaking to himself; "a Freinch vessel, named La Grace do Dieo. If mny father's belief had been the right belief if the fatality had been following rme, step by step, from my father's grave--in one or other of my voyages I should have fallen in with that ship." Ile looked ipi again at Mr. Brock. "I nm quite sure about it now," he said. " The women are two -'and not one." Mr. Brock shook his head. I"I am glad you h1ave come to that con clusion," he said. " But I wish you had reoahed it in some other way." Midwinter started passionately to his feet, and seizing on the pages of the manuscript with both hands, flung them into the empty fire-place. " For God's sake, let me burn it 1" he ex claimed. " As long as there is a page left I slhall read it. And, as long as I rend it, my fathelr gets the behotter of me, in spite of omyself!" Mr. Brock pointed to the match-box. In another moment the confession was in flames. When the firei had consumed the lIst morsel of papor Midwinter drew a deep breath of relief. "I may say, like Mlacbeth /Why, so, being gone, I am a happy man again !'" he broke out with a feverish gaiety. ."You look fatigued, sir; and no wonder," lie added in a lower tone. " I have kept you too long from your rest-I will keep you no longer. Depend on my remembering what you have told me; depend on my standing between Allan and any enemy, man or woman, who comes near him. T'hank you Mr. Brock; a thousand thouisand times, thank. yo I 1 came into this room the most wretched of living men; I can leave it now as happy as the birds that are singing outside ! " As he turned to the door, the rays of the rising sun streamed through the window and touched the heap of ashes lying black in the black fire-place. The sensitive imagination of Midwinter kindled instantly at the sight. " Look " he said, joyously. " The promise of the future shining over the ashes of the past!" An inexplicable pity for the man, at the moment of his life when lie needed pity least, stole over the rectoir's heart when the door had closed and he was left by himself again! "Poor follow! " he said, with an uinensy suirprise at his own compassionate impulse. " Poor fellow! " (lb be contihned.) 