°¡~ .'' " LEATHER' MARKET. * ' .? ' |W, DUM.-Th. demand, f.ir, avery deeorlptlon baa beats, brisk, bat ..P«OI»11T for- Irtrnesi, H»g»,''etrap,. and.»ol» «n4 . lieht kip. Heary kip Udall of »ate. I quot« barnes», OH lo I0d; bag, into lit Od j «trap,* 10» ti I0i (ld ; oollar.Oa 111 to 7¿0d; bridle, Illa to lie; aole.Hd to »J4 I Mr, le 2d lol» od; calf, Sa Od to da: y.erllrig, le 8d to2e2d| kangaroo ekln»» t)a Od to VA« nd ; English oalr, 3e to 3e 3d t, Fianob, 4« 3d lc» \ 4«j4d. May 1Mb. ?';. -ri-i',"'? ¡ I At the Surrey aeiBiona, on the 20th, a woman, named . Payne, wai found guilty of haying conveyed inti Horse- ?' ? monger-lane' gaol a orowbar for the purpose of faoillot- ; lng tho eaoape of a prieoner under sentence of penal ? servitude.-"The magistrates granted a case for tue» 1 Court of Criminal Appeal, it haying bean maintained ' ihit > orowbar wa» not mentioned in the aot, and' sentence was deferred. I ItoTAL Fi.LàCM AND OASTL1S OF GRBAT BRITAIN,-' The following is a list of the Palaces and Castle» (14 ia number) ' appertaining to the British Grown i Windsor. Oistle, Frogmore, Cumberland Lodge, Granbanrotv ' Lodge, Osborne Castle, Claremont lions», Hampton ' Court, Kew Palace, Kensington Palace, Buckingham . I'ulaoe, St. James's Palace, Balmoral Castle, Holyrooil lloma, Dublin Castle. ' ' 1 Goneral Lindsay, who holds a military command ia ' Canada, lieut resigued bia »oat for Wigan. The ((allant oflioor thinks it bis duty tn remain at his pest now that- - - tho Fenians in th» United States hayo thrcatonod aa nttaok upon British territory, " altbongh probably nothing mora than a marauding raid may tako place.'' Two candidato» for the vacant seat hara appeared- ' Mr. N. Eckersley, a local banker, and Ur. John Lan- . castor, who must bo known throughout the country aa tho owner of tho yacht Deerhound, in which Captain. Somruoi escaped after the deitrnotlon of the Alabama, \ by tho United Btatea war ateamor Koaraage. Mr. > Eekorsloy is a conservativo, and Air. Lancaster a, liberal. ' » PA TAL BRIO ANDO IN ENGLAND.-The Frenoh con» etrnction of the Extradition Treaty with England ll loading, it is said, toa somewhat carious addition to tho " dangerous classes" of tho metropolis. It Boom» . that Italian brigands who have boon sentenced to term« of Imprisonment in gaols nader French superintendence on being released are askod whether they will to Italy i or to England, and, as in the former caso it would be going to certain death, they natnrnlly prefer tbe safer, if less gonial olin,ato of Albion. The result is that the Italian Benavolont Society In London ha* had a series of frosh claims as disagreeable in them« ' solve« as they ara burdensome to its funde. I SnocKiNti ACCIDENT ON TUE THAMES.-A painfo accident hes hanpmoti at tho Thames embankment works botweon Hungerford a«d 'iVostminster bridges. ' On Wednesday morning, the 21st, it wai found that on« of tho barges employed to bring material to the workup the river had been cwopt by the tide uuderneath the cross-piles during tho night, and, the tide rising, tho barge had been iloedod and thoso on board-the barge- man, - Ilia wifo, and two ohildron-periahod. It is austomary for tho baruomen and their families to aleop ' onboard thoso vessels; and, in tho preient case, tbs aooident happening, io all probability, when those pn ?? board wero nileop, they would only discover their danger when tho vesie) got underpinned, and oould not bo mored away. THE BISHOP OF LONDON ON SCIENCE AND RELIGION.— The Lord Bishop of London preached at the Chapel. . Royal, Wbltohall, on Bunday aftornoon. The Rev.'"ty. ',' F. E. Knollys read the prayers; and Mr. H. Massey -.; Íiresided at tb« organ. His lordship took bia text-1 rom I Timothy iii., 15, "Tho house of God, which is, the church of the living God, the pillar, and ground of the truth," and proceeded to show how far tho church of England answered the definition of a church in the articles, and how it fulfilled its special mission. Its duty, he said, was to express and guide the religions : feelings of the nation. There were many alarmed just now at a possible split of tho church into two parties— the clergy treading one path and the laity tho other, the clergy becoming more superstitious and the laity too freethinking, though all freethinking might not be confined to the laity or all superstition to the clergy, for some laymen might take a clerical tone and some clergyman ape the dangerous scepticism of the laity. It would not do, as in some countries, for religion to be confined to priests and women, and all tho manhood and intellect of tho age to be left to the corroding influence of scepticism. There was and could be no antagonism between religion and tho exercise of man's intellect ; superstition and scepticism were antagonist, but superstition was tho base counterfeit of religion and so was scepticism of reason. Reason must not be frowned down, doubt must not be called atheism, or inquiry sin. Of late many questions, long since thought settled, had been reopened as to the nature of inspira- tion, the mode of reconciling miracles with the fixed laws of the universe, &c.; In what we sometimes called tho torpid days of religion, a host of brilliant weapons had been furnished to Truth's armoury by men like Butler, and others girding themselves manfully to con- front the infidels, and they must learn to abstain from senseless clamour or subjecting those who diverged from the belief of ill-informed people to abuse as abet- tors of error.—Daily News. DB. MANNING'S "EocLKSiAsrtcAb TITLB,"- In No- ; vomber last the committee of the Protestantism Alli- ance oalled the attention of the Attorney-Qenoral to a book, oalled tho " Temporal Mission or tho Holy Ghost," by the Rev. Dr. Manning, and : publlihod by Molars. Longman and Co;, on tho tltle-pago of,which Dr. Man tiing ie styled " Arohblshop of Westminster," which appeared to bo an . Infrlnogmont of the,14th and lath Vic, oap. GO (by whioh lt is eoaoted, that if any poraon shall assume or uso the name, stylo, or, tltlo of Arah bishop, Bishop or Dean, of any olly, town,' or plaop, or . bf any territory or district (under any. designation or deaorlptlon whatsoever,) io tho United Kingdom, bs shall, for overy Buoh offence, forfeit and . pay. ? the sum of ¡»'loo, :to bo i -recovered - M thoroln monlloned with the consent . of ? lier Majesty"! Attorney-Goueral. Tho Atloraey.Geno. ¡ral replied, that "at present lt does not appear to rna that lt ls nnr part of my duty to tnko prooocdings against Dr; Manning, as to whom; all that 1 understand you to be lu n position to prove, ls that Meairs. Long- man and Co. are now selling a printed book, purporting to bo Dr. Manning's composition. In tho iirlntod title rmije of whioh ho ls called Arohblshop of Westminster.'* friieooniniittoo thereupon wrote'lo Aleeire. Longman and Co,,- respecting i this, usuniptlortoLitltlo t/ and la . reply, they sUtod, " Wo have morely printed and pub-. II shed what WAS Boob to us for.tho.purposo t..end acting thus In a moro ofltoUl capaalty, wo incur no responsibi- lity whioh rosts upon tithers." .. ,'i'ho. . coinmitteo again wroto to tho Altornev-Uonoral, onoloslng. a oopy of ' Messrs. Longman's letter,. asking him . ?! to . .consider whether, nitor tho atatotnont of Mossie. Xongmnn,. tho evidence that oould .bo glvoti by. them would.bs deouodaulHatentltoJustirr bitalli submitting tho prima faolo oaso to ajury/' To tho lue>t commimloatiori the Attoriioy^Oonorof replied llmtkoilld not lind suiTlol. ?au. «ru II II J tur laking prooueuiiiua, -Alliance- Muulblj' Mtier. ' T 