NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT LAIDLEY. The consecration of St. Patrick's Chapel, Laidley, took place on Sunday last, July 29. A special train left Ipswich at 8.30 a.m., with about 150 passengers, amongst whom were several persons from Brisbane. The train ar- rived at Laidley at about 11 o'clock, and the visitors at once proceeded to the Chapel, which is pleasantly situated on the side of an eminence overlooking a large extent of country. It is a very neat structure of wood in the Gothic style, and is capable of comfortably accommodating about 120 persons. The sacristy is octagon in shape, and the building is set off with a bell turret. The interior fittings are very neat. The doors and window frames, and the sanc- tuary rails, are of polished cedar. The altar is in the form of a half-cone, let into the sacristy, and very tastefully worked with wood. It was ornamented with flowers for the occasion, and presented a very pleasing and tasteful ap- pearance. At about half-past 12 o'clock the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn appeared in his pontifical robes, and performed the ceremony of consecrating the edifice to the worship and honor and glory of God. Mass was then celebrated by his Lord- ship, after which a very eloquent sermon was preached by Father Brun, who chose for his text, " I believe in the Holy Ghost ; the Holy Catholic Church." The singing, under the con- ductorship of Mr. Strahan, was very good. A collection took place, and £20 was sub- scribed. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament followed. The congregation then left the church and proceeded to Moroney's, where a number of tables were set out with a substantial luncheon, to which ample justice was done, the appetite of all present having been whetted by the journey and the bracing air of Laidley Plains. The Bishop presided. After the repast, the Rev.Father Brun rose and said that in consideration of the day and the circumstances under which they were as- sembled, it was considored advisable to dis- pense with the usual formula of toasts. He congratulated the people of Laidley on having erected a building to the glory of God, and concluded by proposing the health of the rev. and venerated prelate, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn. Dr. Quinn returned thanks. He said it afforded him great pleasure to be present at such meetings, which he attributed to the energy displayed by Father Brun. That was the third time he had been called on to perform a similar ceremony by that gentleman, and he was sure that if the building of churches would send a man to heaven that he would occupy a high position there. He concluded by pro- posing the health of Father Brun. Father Brun returned thanks, and proposed " Our Friends," making special mention of those from Brisbane. Mr. Bolger responded for the Brisbanites, and Mr. Johnston for the people of Ipswich. " The Ladies " was then proposed, and duly responded to by Dr. Heeney, after which the company dis- persed and proceeded to the station. At 5 p.m. the train started, and at 7 all were landed in Ipswich.-Queensland Times. 