THE CONVICT'S STORY, (From " Our Trip to the Diggings," in the Queenslander.) WE walked until sundown, and now came to a place called the Stockade whore terrible scenes had formerly been enacted. We did not know of this, though, at the time ; but were attracted by the crumbling stone-work like a small jätonchengo-around the place; and resolved to stop there for the night. Ere we had lighted a fire against one of the old walls, the night had closed on us. We were just sitting at tea, when lo ! a traveller appeared in sight. He was on horseback, but at once dismounted, hobbled his horse, and greet us with a cordial smile, and rough though genial " Good evening," informed us that he would stop with us till morning. We bade him welcome, and seeing that he was putting down his quart to the fire which he had filled at the adjacent creek, after taking a drink we handed him some tea, assuring him there was plenty for us all. " Ah, mates, your voices are very different from what I've been here !" he said. We felt we had one with us who know something of the history of those dead walls.. We felt an interest in him already. Almost close to where we were sitting, his eye was intently fixed on a particular spot. We had noticed him go to that spot before he sat down, and move the earth about with a stick he had picked up near the fire. " Do you believe in ghosts, mates ?" asked he. " No, two replied ; yet the suddenness of the question rather startled us. " No more do I," he said I " and yet I almost fancy I see him there." '"We looked at him, but said nothing. My friend Jack handed him the damper 5 and after cutting off a slice, and taking a piece of meat he said " Mates, I allus make a point of stopping here for the night when I come this way. I can't help it. I know a murder done in this place once. I've always fancied I could see the blood where you send me scraping, until lately. But I'm not afraid of him. The murderer was a mate of mine !" I looked at him as he said this, as did Jack. Such seeming connivance at murder did not appear pleasant to us "I know," he said, observing our silence and our looks, " what you are thinking of-that it is not right to think so lightly of murder. Neither is it; but, makes, this work hardly a murder the wrong man was killed." " How was it in Bulli wo, anxious to the utmost now to hear the story. Lighting his pipe, and seating himself on a log by the fire he told us as follows: " Mates, don't be alarmed when I tell you I was one of a chain-gang in those parts and many a night I've slept, or tried to sleep, on the bare stones of this horse stockade. I was sent out for larceny. Amongst my mates work some of the greatest devils that over planked in chains ; but hunger and tyranny made 'cm devils. These mountains wor a hell upon earth then, and curses and cries rung from human hyenas both night and day. But, mates, by far the most savage of the lot work those who were chosen from the gang to be overlooker of the rest! It was just as though brutality and ferocity wor stepping stones to a man's promotion-promotion to the post of bully general, informer, and flugollator-which latter office seemed to be much relished. If a man, from more hunger, gnashed his teeth while rolling a log, the overseer wor sure to report that it was at him he looked and after a mock trial, the offender wor tied up and received ' fifty on the spot, A flogged fresh from the gang would cut twice as deep as an order hand-they grow careless, but the new 'un took a delight in it, and drew the lashes through his fingers dainty like, as if they work leeches, and their at it again. Well, mates, it's of one of them over lookers I'm now going to speak. "We find in our gangs young shop as wor a favorite with us all. He won like a lamb among native dogs. Whatever he could have been sent out for was a wonder to us all-for he would never tell us 5 but you could see he was one of the regulars. He wore a scollard too; but he warn't a bit proud. No; he spoke to us all so kind-in a voice almost as soft as a woman's. By so doing he kept UB human like ), and hold allus bo assaying', 'Bear up, matcH and we felt cheered and comforted whenever he said so. " There was only one in the gang that seemed at all to dislike him and that one we all dis looked-for how or a devil at heart. We called him the Hound ; but some of us had to pay dearly for ever calling him so. One day he won unmuzzled-his irons knocked off, and he was placed over us. " His first act was to show his teeth at that young chap. no made some report against him, false OF h-; and after a show trial, he was sentenced to receive fifty lashes. " When he won tied up, he looked round at me. I shall never forgot that look ! I gen him my bullet to crunch! For this, our tyrant threatened to report me. " He won untied. I never seed a wass back The flogger wor a friend of the informer, and had done his utmost to oblige him. But if he had seen that young fellows eye as he won lot down, hold ribbon rather sheered, I fancy. It startled us and it took a good deal to do that. He never spoke cheery to us again ; his eye had gone out like ! But it flashed up, often, when he caught sight of the Round ; who scorned bitterer nor over against him. He won allus extolling' him to mind his eye 1' " Yet all this time he worked heartily enough, never shirking his share. But it was like a corpse pulling at logs with living man. Some said he was cranky ; but I know what it wor. His heart wor broke from the flogging. " One day he said to me, in his old, low, soft (one-' George, God bless you !' and took me by the hand. He said this cheery like ; but with a look so strange, that I could not make him out, This work just before leaving off work. He had had something in his breast. " After gulping our mouthful of rations, who won looked up. Our gang slept in a separate cell and each one had his place for sleeping allotted him. As wor usual, the overseer of the gang slept in the same cell, and had his peculiar place. This night, from some cause, the spot he usually occupied nor filled up by one of the other prisoners. He usually slept OIOBO to me. It For about midnight when I wor awoke with a thud, then a low groan, next to me. My face, too, wor won with summut ! An outcry was raised that somebody had been killed ! Lights wor brought-the guard come in with fixed bayonets and beside me lay a ghastly corpse " It was intended to be the overlooked and the murderer who stood over it, wor the boy Bill! The axe work yet gleaming in his hand; but when he saw his mistake, he fell down by tho side of the corpse, and-Yes, mutes, his tears fell upon the dead face ! It wor 11 mate of his-young, like himself and the two lads liked each other. " The guard instantly secured him he made no resistance, but still kept looking intently on his dead comrade as he was led away. " Mates, don't think I want to excuse him he wore a murderer surely, but he was made a murderer. He had been dealt with unjustly and he thought to kill the man who had been a devil to him. He won tried, and sentenced to death, I saw him go up the scaffold, smiling. The scaffold worn t feared in those days more nor an operation after long suffering. Poor Bill ! God have mercy on his soul !" '# a t e a s This tale, told by the fitful firelight on the spot where the tragedy had been enacted, did not full of its effect upon us. Like the " Ancient Mariner" the narrator held us with" his eye and like him, seemed relieved when he had told his story. After brooding in silence for a minute or two, he looked a sup of tea, refilled his pipe, and thus resumed : " Ah, mates, them work dreadful days ! Yet when I now look round my home, and see those belonging to me so happy, and the bit of' God's earth that is mine and choicest say to my missus sometimes Thank God, Mary, I wor ever sent out here!' .... I had no chance at home, mates-no chances I was born on Saffron Hill, christened at a gin palace at the corner of Field Lane, and begun to thieves for it long afore I could look over its bar I My father and mother wore both thieves and in course I was brought up to the profession. The police know- so when I was a kid ; they followed me up and dogged me into gutters, and sewers, and dark arches, and churchyards, till I became a man-or rather a wild beast and then when I did anything they didn't like, they flung me into a den with other wild beasts like myself! All seemed agony, and none formed Clanking of keys, and growls, and curses won all I over know and then out a little while, afore the beaks, and the same over again and that, mates is the lot of thousands in that great, rich, religious city of Yunnan Though Straps you've heard that a gentleman named tokens has lately tried a little with the 'raft,' and opened < Ragged Schools ' right in the heart of my old roost, Saffron Hill, and the west Lunnun slums, where the poor kids has a 'man look on 'em, and where they're taught to road and write (vermin as they are and give a trade in the bargain! Blessing' on him for doing' it, say I ! Boin' schollard, as I know you air from your wolves, you must have heard on him ! He makes books and I've got some on 'em, and means to get 'em all when I goes to Sydney and my Alice reads 'out to me and we loves 'me and most extremely it seems to me that such a gentleman should ever trouble himself about the rites of what I once wor ; yet he seems born to do it, and to delight in itself so be, I suppose, that he may make some on 'em happy and do 'some good. One tale you should read. It's called the ' Christmas Carol ;' and a vision comes to a old miser named Scrooge and it don't say nothin', but draws a claw from under its garment, and shows it to him ! but it ain't a claw they're two little kids l(Ive Been a collar full on 'our land then the Spirit says summut about old Scrooge and the likes of him making' 'em sachet Deeply did we feel the truth of these four fully-plain remarks! We have told the experience of this man almost verbatim as it was told to us and in those mountains, on that solemn night, under the throbbing stars, would that all England had heard it ! That a man must be a criminal to be happy, seems something startling you with him it was literally true. The testimony of such a man with regard to " Ragged Schools" would surely have been deeply gratifying to " Boz," whose name and fame are SO insopnvapably connected with them ! It was nearly midnight, and the night was cold ; but so interested were we in this man that we had not felt it. Throwing a large back log on the fire, after the manner of an old hand, our mats spread his blanket by the blaze, and was soon asleep. We followed his example but not as to sleep. The thrilling tale he had told us precluded that. Every now and then we started up and once I had missed my mate, and looking round, saw him walking amidst the silent ruins. At length the day broke, and one by one the stars melted away. We piled the logs on the fire, for it was now intensely cold. The mountains around us were involved in mist j and now the blood-red sun appeared spectrally amidst the opaque. But ere we had breakfast prepared, his opal eye was beaming on us bone recently, and the mists were Hooting before him like sheeted ghosts. Our mate awoke, and his face was happy as happy could be, as he looked around and said " Good morning friends !" His horse, too, was feeding close within sight, and that seemed to please him. He said, " He never goes far from me." After despatching our breakfasts, our mate saddled his horse, preparing for a start. Hav- ing strapped on his blankets, he took our hands successively with a warm and hearty squeeze, and said with much earnestness "Mates, I shall be very glad to see you at my place! You'll pass by it, just out of Bowen Polls. Enquire for George B-. Everyone knows or thereabouts. Good morning' I" " Good morning," said we ; " We'll be sure to come !" Before getting out of sight he looked back, did that convict, and waved his hand gaily and gracefully, as if he had been a cavalier in some novel. " Poor ' kleptomaniac '! " said Jack. " Would to God that all had a chance !" "Amen!" I responded. We soon packed up our blankets (in which by this time we were export and again proceeded on our journey. [to UK cojrriNUKu.T M. LESSEPS' PiîKor/BSOns. The idea of connecting the waters of the Red Sea with those of the Mediterranean is by no means a novelty. It suggested itself even more naturally to the despots of ancient times than to modern engineers. So long as the Cape of Good Hope remained undiscovered, the gold, ivory, apes, and peacocks of the Indian and Arabian trade had hardly any other route to the most northern centres of civilisation than up the Red Sea. At first sight, however, an important difference is noticeable between the plan of M. de Lesseps and that of the Pharaohs and Ptolemies of old. The latter connected the Red Sea with the Po inside or Bubastio-that is, the most eastern branch of the Milo, making that river their passage for the rest of the way to the Mediterranean ; the modern plan is to span the isthmus in a direct line of its own, from one sea to the other. The ancient canal was known as the canal of Hero ; it is also sometimes called the Canal of Arsinoo. But the credit of its execution is due to Hnmoscs the second, the same monarch whose achievements under tho name of Sesostris have made that some so renowned. Its origin, therefore, dates 300 years before the Christian era. The point at which it started from the Kilo varied under the different works of restoration effected by succeeding princes, but the area of variation seems not to have extended beyond Bubnstis to the north, and Bol bays, twelve miles further south. From the neighborhood of Bubastis thus defined, the water flowed nearly due east for thirty-five miles, and then curving southward, ran by the Bitter Lakes to the Red Sea. It is said to have been one hundred feet broad by forty deep, and probably it met the sea further north than could now be the case, the road about Suez having considerably risen since the days of the Pharaohs. After a lapse of seven centuries, during which neglect and the sandy nature of the soil had brought destruction to the channel, Pharaoh Kccho set himself to repair the work of his great predecessor. One and twenty thousand men, according to Herodotus, perished in making the excavation, and at length the attempt was abandoned, because an oracle had warned the King that he was " laboring for the barbarian." In 525 am., when Egypt became a satrapy of Persia, Darius completed what Neebo had begun and on the " Suez stone," near the embouchure of the canal, there is to be seen an inscription in the Persian cuneiform character, which reads "Daring, the Great King." About 250 use., Ptolemy Philadelphus re-opened and improved the bed, and the Canal of Arsinoo derives its title from his sister, in whose honor he founded a town near the modern Suez. The work of Ptolemy appears to have been maintained till the commencement of our era, for Cleopatra after the battle of Actium, talked of transport- ing her galleys to the Red Sea, and flying south- wards with her Roman lover to unknown lands beyond the power of their conqueror. After this the canal suffered from a long period of neglect, until, in the seventh century, the Caliph Omar won for himself and his successors the * It is singular that the very words used by Hits man (who writing, as it were, into a repitttiblobeing) are also used Inn latest Mole in the London 'June (resembled In thoOMwuto'to-oOlm 5), entitled "Homelea Boys :" -"They are net failures" (says-The 'limit) for they) never had a luxury 1" t And again. "As we saw to wo reap Let the reader go into the children's side of all) prison of England, or, I grieve to add of many workhouses, nail Judge whether those are IIIOII«/IT» who lUsgroeo our streets, people our hulks and penitentiaries, and overcrowd our penal colonies, or are they creatures whom we uni o deliberately suffered to be bred for misery and rain." Pro face to "Martin Chuzitviolt." proud title of Ameor el Momoneon, Prince of the Faithful, by once more making the waters flow in their accustomed course, and so sending timely supplies of corn to the holy cities of Arabia. For long the passage remained open after Omar is doubtful for on the one hand, the same caliph who founded Bagdad is said to have purposely stopped the channel for political reasons, and, on the other, there is a story that English pilgrims sailed down it in the ninth century on their way to the Holy Land. When M. de Lesseps commenced operations, the only portion of the old work that remained practicable and that solely for purposes of irrigation was a length of some twenty-six miles at its commencement near Bubastis. This was called the El Wadeo Canal, or Canal of the Va ley and it served to water the land round Tell Kabecr, which is now known as the Wadeo Estate (Domaine de I'Ouady.) All the rest of the course was found to be choked with sand ; nevertheless, at intervals, and especially, between the Bitter Lakes and Suez, it was not difficult to trace vestiges of the ancient bed. A CHINESE EXECUTION A writer from Amoy says that a short time ago a young rebel was executed there. He first received 300 blows with a bamboo, which he received without a cry. " He was then taken to a cross that had been erected for the purpose and being securely lashed to it, man upright posture, with his arms extended, the executioner commenced his horrible butchery by first cutting off the flesh above the eyes, next cars, and then the breasts ; then he out through the muscles of each arm. Then the muscles of the thighs were out out in the same manner. After the executioner had performed those dreadfultorturos upon the poor wretch, he laid his small knife aside and took another, about ten inches long and about an inch broad, and cut gashes on each side of the man's chest, laying the ribs bore. Then he ran the knife into the poor victim's body, entering just below the sternum in tho middle of the chest, to the full extent of the bride. This I thought and hoped would prove the coup de grace, but not for the man still breathed, and the executioner still continued his bloody task, coming downwards with the knife, and letting out his entrails. He then slashed and cut open the stomach. Then giving a yell, he ran his hand in, and seized the man's liver and cut it out. This finished the torture, and the executioner left the victim in this mutilated State, not yet dead, for I saw him give several gasps for breath afterwards. The body was exposed on the same wharf for five days, The poor relief bore his inhuman tortures most man fully, not a moan or cry escaped him during all the time. The only movement he made was a slight quivering of his whole frame, and the movement of the head to and fro ; otherwise a spectator might have questioned whether he was alive or dead during the horrible exhibition." Aitr.uiOAN POLITICS Mr. Johnson has followed up the declaration of negro suffrage to which we adverted last week, by a still more significant declaration of his policy in regard to the Southern States. In reply to a deputation from the Legislature of Virginia, he said he regarded the Southern States us in the Union, and entitled to all their rights in it that he believed the greater number of Southern members now asking for admission to be loyal, and they ought to be admitted to Congress, and he would use all his influence to have them admitted. It would have been impossible for him to join issue more explicitly with the Radical party on all the points which are under the consideration of CongresS. Mr. Sumner and Mr. Stephens do not always agree, but they both strictly maintain that the late Confederate States have fallen back into the condition of more territories; that it belongs to Congress to deal as it likes with a large portion of their lands, and with the whole of their political institutions and that Congress should exercise the power for the fit of the blacks and the depression -we I say the oppression of the whites. Such a gulley we believe to be alike unjust and un- popular with the great mass of the people And we are, therefore, not surprised to find that vigorous efforts are being made to combine the remnants of the old Democratic party with the more moderate Republicans in a new " Johnson party." The elections to Congress, which take place in the autumn, will no doubt be the occasion of a severe struggle ; nor is it difficult to overestimate the importance! that will attach to them, For on their result will depend whether the late Confederate States shall be reconciled to the Union, and once more contribute to its strength and prosperity, or shall be compelled to submit reluctantly and resentfully to a Government against which they may not rebel, but which they will not support London Review. Cimis,-Hook drew up Advice to Members of Clubs, in the style of Swift's Advice to Servants, Some of the items were to this effect, but we quote from memory I-" When you are reading one newspaper, always loan your elbow or sit upon two or three more, so that you may have them at hand when you are ready for them. Do all your writing at your club, where you can have pens, ink, and paper for nothing. Occupy a table the whole day with your private or professional papers, and straw the fragments of torn letters on the floor, by way of showing that you are perfectly at home. If you are in the habit of taking a nap, morning or evening, always take it that the club, especially if you snore. You may look ridiculous with your mouth open, and produce some caustic observations, but that is no matter if you are re- freshed. You will sleep better with a Bens paper on your knees, or the newest publication open before you. Raise your voice in talking, unless nature has gifted you with a sonorous one. Unwilling listeners may look annoyed, but it will be an obvious advantage to them to be made acquainted with your domestic arrangements or your opinion on things in general. When sitting on one chair, coil up your legs and feet on another, or stretch yourself at length on a sofa, with your dirty boots on it. Never mind spoiling the furniture or selling the small clothes of the members who may come next. If you see three or four friends anxious to dine together at a particular table, occupy it, although alone. You have as good a right to it as they say, it better, if you order your dinner half-an-hour earlier. (N.B. When Hook could not get his corner, he invariably went away and dined else- where.) When you see a group that you. wish to join, and have a speaking acquaintance with one of them, address him without ceremony. You must either break up the conversation or be admitted to take part in it. Always use the club, and live in it, as if it was your own house in every respect, without regard to what must happen if every member did the same. On arriving in town with a quantity of luggage, drive at once to the club, and make the club servants deposit it in the hall. Leaving town with ditto, do the same, and have all your purchases for the country directed to you there. Anything less than a grand piano, or one of West's pictures, may be conveniently taken in, and will aid in giving the club the bustling cheery look of on me, or the respectable look of a warehouse. near the door open on leaving or entering the room, or, if you shut it, slam it. Open the window- next you if you feel but without regard to the resulting effect on the general temperature of the room. It is more important that you should escape feeling hot for an hour than that other members should escape colds which may last them a month, or chills which may end in rheumatism. Always find fault with your doctor if you wish to have it thought that you are a connoisseur in gastronomy or accustomed to good tables. When you order your customary half-pint of sherry, keep the butler in conversation about the prices and quality of the finer wines in his stock, especially if other members are calling for him. If you are walking out with your children, and wish to read the papers or write your letters at your club, establish them on the hall sofas for an hour. It may be agreeable to gentlemen to have boys listening to their conversation. If you are in Parliament, or canvassing a constituency, always appoint a deputation from your constituents or committee to meet you at your club. If you can manage to fill the waiting- room once or twice a-week you will gain weight," ' b 