THE FUTURE OF THE SOUrH. (From tho A cta York World. 18th October.) The ichemo fer governing the Southern States by the negro, now pressed on tho country by a great political party, is fraught with danger. The avowed plan Is to exclude a large portion of tho white men from the ballot-liox. and to admit nil the nrgrors. This will, if carried out, give a clear majority to tho negroes- in every Southern Stnto except Tennessee. The blocks being eligible to oifico, and having a clear majority of voters, will thus liavo control of society at tho South. It is important that the people of thle country should understand, before they indorse this scheme, what will be its inevitable conse quences. Tills experiment of giving up society ts the control of negroes lias been twice tried on a pretty cxtenslvo scale, and in both instances has resulted in rain, and only ruin. Society, in all its more valuable features, has been nearly destroyed in the island of Hsyti by giving it up to the control of the htneks. Those portions ol the island formerly devoted to ngrlcuituie, and which were iu a high atate of cultivation, covered with valuable crops and elegant country houses, ore now Bcarly all eolitudes — the forests returned. The descendants of the blacks who formerly con tributed by their labour to the prosperity of the island and the wcalih of tho world, now roam about, !azy, ignorant barbarians, not much eie- Tated above their ancestors in Africa — though less enterprising and bloodthirsty — meaner eoveges, weakened by the few traces of civilisa tion which still linger among them. In 17?" the island had a splendid commerce, rcb.vli lias oecn, unuer inc ruio oi uie nvgrr, filiated, The former great staples of coffee and sugar are no longer raised in any considerable quantities. In 1806, after the emancipation of the slaves, after the decline of industry com menced, and just after a bloody intestine war, over 47,500.0001b. of sugar were exported. In 1825 but 20201b were cvpoi ted. Thr difference was not consumed in Ilia Island. Tbc negroes have fallen into savage nnd not luxurious habits, and ceased to raise the article. Since 1825 there lias been little improvement. The history of coffee and other staples best fitted for the soil and climate is similar. . . . Notwithstanding too efforts et mo earner disck rutcrs oi me iiiaud, the llaytian negro has never learned to submit himself to the restraints of regular in dustry. He is moro degraded than when a slnvo. In u climate adapted to his nature, with absolute control of a large, beautiful, and fertile island lying near the high-road of modern com merce, and within the radius of our unparalleled thrift and industry, with some of tho fincBt natural productions which refined nations aro always in need of and eager to buy, and in an age of tho world when the progressive races are overrunning the earth with their enlorpriscs, this negro nation has relapsed to the verge of barbarism. The reminiscences ol a bloody struggle for liberty, In which they were trium phant, and the knowledge that the result of their experiment most seriously affect the millions of their brethren throughout Afrtea and Ame rica, are impotent to quicken the current of life in their sluggish veins Tho spirit of fanaticism and party is now struggling to throw the South into tho Bamo condition as Ilayti, and into a worse condition than Jamaica. It insists that thewhole political and social orgoniiation la the into rebel states shall be given up to the control of tho negro. Different motives impel different persons to join In this ci usade, so pregnant with disaster to the whole country. One class, crazed by wlint Hallum calls "sucking tho dregs of a besotted fanaticism," ignorant of or disregarding the terrible lessons of history, really suppose that the negro has tho same high capacities as tho white race, and will carry forward society with the same success. Another class are animated by a desire of revenge upon tho South for its rebel lion, by reducing it to a slato of ruin and help less degradation. A third class, the corrupt followers of great political armies, who gather plunder and strip the dead, aro anxious to secure the voto of the negro in future political campaigns. It becomes a matter of stupendous importance ts tho pcoplo of the whole country to arrest this mad scheme, whicii seeks to destroy society at tho South, and thus increase the already heavy burdens of tho North and West. Those who desire to have high prices for all the necessaries of lifo continue indefinitely, should vole for the party which ia striving ts give tho South up to the negroes, and thereby destroy its Industry and dry up its resources. Those who ore willing to shut their eyes to the lessons of history, and repeat an experiment which has always been followed by ruin, should vote with that party. But those who regard their own interests, the interests of the whole country, the IessonB of the post, and the plainest dictates of justice and'1 humnuity, should voto againBt that party. Let no one ho deceived. The Republican leaders— the men who dictate to a ma jority of their party — arc resolutely deter mined to give up tho South to negro rule; nnd unless tho peoplo act decisively and vigor ously in the approaching elections, they will ac complish their object. We repeat, let no ono be deceived ; a largo majority of leading Republican politicians are beat on the success of this wild scheme. Many of them avow it; others dis semble, only to cheat the people, nnd delude them long enough to accomplish their plan, which they know, if once successful, can never be reversed except by civil war. The President, on the other hand, is trying to avert this evil which Republicans are endeavour ing to bring on the South, and by leaving society under the cohtrol of the white population, pro- serve order, so that Immigration will flow in, and white labour occupy the fields of industry which the negro, yielding to his natural in dolence, will oventually rflinqulsii. A Sacred Vestment. — On Sunday, the 10th, an unusual ceremony was witnessed at St. Lawrence's Church, Norwich. A cope had been purchased by a Cambridge undergraduate, anil at ills wish it was presented and duly dedicated to Qod's service iu a particularly impressive manner. The usual procession of choir and priest entered the church for ercn-song, bended by the crucifix. At the rear, Immediately before the thuriiers, the cope was carried by the deputed person who acted lor the donor. The priest went ts the altar accompanied by the thurifers. At the bottom step of tho sacrarium the cope was presented to him with these words: — " Reverend Father, in the name and on behalf of the donor I present this cope for use by the priest in this church of St. Lawrence on all fit ting occasions." The priest received It with these words: — "We receive this cops to the glbry of God nnd far the use of this church of St, Lawrence in the name of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Araen." The priest then duly presented it on the ai tar, and incensed it ; after which suitablo versifies, re sponses, and a prayer were used. Then the priest was invested in tiie cope, and remained so till after the " Magnificat." The cope is of rich gold and white brocatelle,- with crimson orplireys and hood. An unusually large con gregation was present on this occasion. — The Church Revmo. W.M.TuacKBRAT.— Thehonornrymonument to William Makepeace Thackeray, in Westminster Abbey, was uncovered on Tuesday morning. The memorial consists of a fine bust, by Baron Maro- chctti, upon a base of red serpentine, mounted on a bronze support, which hears the inscription— a simple record of the name,, nnd of the dates 'of birth- and of death. The bust is Bliglitiy toned. It it fixed against a wall-column, in the south transept, behind tho statue, of Addison. The daughters of Hie lamented, author .were present at this; completion of the 1 tribute to their distin guished lather; and the Denn of Westminster, the sculptor,' and Mr. Shirley Brooks, secretary to the fund, - also attended. " 