ftrifa of IBti ani jfmromr. The Diet of Wobms. — Assafoetida and onions. — See Times. Brown thinks there -is always much /eesibility about the advice of a lawyer. Amusement foe Young Ladies on a 'Wet Afteb 2JOON. — Knitting their eyebrows. A child thus* defined tale-telling : It's when nobody does nothing and somebody goes and tells of it ! A baker has invented a new kind of yeast. It makes bread so light that a pound of it weighs only twelve ounces. 'Which is the best mode of raising a ghost?— Plucking up a spirit. Home Tooke, being asked by George IEL whether he played at cards, replied, ' I cannot, your Majesty, tell a In Tig from a knave.' Definition of a Term (by ode own Peppeb's Ghost). — 'Making a dead set'-^a party of Ghosts arranging a quadrille. Foe the Botanical Society.— A fast young lady on being shown a tobacco plant, at Chatsworth, asked if it ?was the genealogical tree of the Cavendishes. A Quaker being asked his opinion of phrenology, replied indignantly, ' Friend, there can be no good in a science that compels a man to take off his hat !' The Mysteby of Milk.— Some people wonder that, under existing circumstances, the price of millr has not risen. But the rinderpest does not affect the cow with the iron tail f A very volatile young Lord, whom conquests in the female world were many, at last married. ' Now, my Lord,' said his wife, ' I hopeyou'll mend.' ' Madam,' said lie, ' this is mv last folly.' An Irish musical author, being asked if he had com posed anything lately, replied, 'My last work was a composition with my creditors. A young lady says that if a cart wheel has nine felloes attached to it, it's a pity that a nice girl like her can't have one. The rather architectural expression is used in Paris to express that a lady is powdered in the face, ' She has renewed her facade.'' When Fox was boasting of having prevailed on the -Srench Court to give up the gum trade, Selwyn replied, 'As you have permitted the French to draw your teeth, they would be fools, indeed, to quarrell with you about your guuis.' Arminianisni spread so wide in the Church in the time of Charles EL, that a divine of the age, who was asked by a simple country gentleman what the Armi nians held, answered, with as much truth as wit, 'that they held all the best bishoprics and deaneries in England.' Dryden married Lady Elizabeth Howard, daughter of the Earl of Berkshire. The match added little to his wealth, and was altogether unhappy. On one occa sion his wife wished to be a book, that she might enjoy more of his company. Dryden replied, 'Be an almanack, then, that I may change you once a year.' Hogg, the Efctrick Shepherd, being at a dinner at a ducal table, the duchess said to him, ' 'Were you ever here hefore, Mr. Hogg?' The poet, with his usual candour, replied. ' Na, my leddy ; I have been at the gate with beasts that I was driving into England, hut I was never inside of the house before.' Not so Stupid, — John was thought to be very stupid. He was sent to a mill one day, and the miller said, 'John, some people say you are a fool! Now, tell ine what you know, and what you don't know.' ' 'Well,' replied John, ' I know millers hogs' are fat !' ' Yes, that's well, John. Now, what don't you know ?' ' I don't know whose corn fats 'em !' If you want a son not to fall in love with any splen diferous gal, praise her up to the skies, call her an angel, say she is a whole team and a hoss to spare, and all that. The moment the critter sees her he is a grain disappointed, and says. ' Well, she is handsome, that's a fact ; but she is not so very everlastin' after alL' Nothin' damages a gal, a preacher, or a lake like over praise. A hoss is one of the onliest things in natur' as is helped by it — Sain Slick. Dangerously Well. — Lord Byron, in reference to . a lady he thought ill of, writes — ' Lady ? has been dangerously ill ; but it may console you to learn that she is dangerously well again.' Rhyme Without Reason. — ' He who -would thrive must rise at five,' So says the proverb, though there is more rhyme than reason in it, for if He who would thrive must rise at five, it must follow naturally, He who would thrive more must rise at four ; and it will insure a consequence that, He who'd still more thriving be, Must leave his bed at turn of three : And who this hitter would outdo, Will rouse him at the stroke of two. And, by way of climax to it all, it should be held good that, He who'd never be outdone, Must ever rise as soon as one. But the best illustration would be — He who'd flourish best of all, Should never go to bed at alL DB. PUSEY'S EVENING HYMN. I nightly pitch my moving tent A day's march nearer Rome. 