? THE SLEEP-WALKED ; OB, UBT vaniBU'B TaxaiiS, CHAPTEEXLVIL Br UBS. GORDON SUYTBIES, Author of" Oar Itwy," " Tha Woman in Black;" eto.' etc. SIB ABTHUB and Lady Theresa,'after a week spent in tbe exquisite valley of Chamouni, had ascended the granite heights of tbe Great St. Bernard, and had thus suddenly passed from the almost tropical heat of the little sunny town of Martigny to the Siberian cold of the hospitable convent on that arid eminence, which the pious and philanthropic Count Bernard of the Middle Ages cbose as the best spot for tbe refuge he built st tbe top of those ragged granite stairs which Count Bernard made stepping stones to heaven. Sir Arthur's watchful jealousy bad been the only drawback to the bride's enjoyment of ber wedding tour. But tbis miserable and groundless feeling, while it imparted a gloom and a restraint to Sir Arthur's manner and conversation, filled Lady Theresa with a nameless dread, a sense of injustice and wrong, and a feeling of resentment, at what die felt to bo a suspicion cast on the parity -of her heart, the rectitude of bar principles, and the propriety of her conduct When not under the influence of tbis evil genius—this attendant demon jealousy— nothing could exceed the devotion, the tenderness, the amiability of Theresa's husband. When they were quite alone—when it BO chanced that they were located for a few days far from all people of their own rank in life—when, in short, no gentleman was thrown into tbe bride's society, Sir Arthur's happiness was «o complete that it delighted his young wife to behold it overflowing in the 'loving brightness of his'eyes, his smiles, bis happy talk, his happier silence. His love in these enchanting hours seemed akin to idolatry. He would sit at the feet of his young bride, his eyes fixed on her sweet face, his bands locked ia hers. He would tell her, in a voice of rau&o;, and with all the eloquence of passion, the whole history of his love for her, from the first moment he beheld her up to that in which be was so blest as to sit at her feet and read her heart in her blushes. No loving bride ever wearies of the ofttold tale of the birth and progress of the love she haB inspired in the heart of her bridegroom. Theresa loved every detail, and encored the story again and again. They read, they sang, they rode, tbey walked together, and as all sterling characters gain by intimacy, every day our wedded lovers found fresh reason for the love tbey felt. "Each day in each bade some new virtue bloom, Some dear domestic virtue, child of home." Thus was it with Sir Arthur while he had his Theresa all to himself. But when tbey were obliged to emerge from their blissful seclusion—when, by rail, road or river, Sir Arthur.met with college friends or club mates, and could not avoid introducing them to Lady Theresa Waldegrave, then all was torture for him, and distress and discomfort for her. Naturally very gracious and engaging, she at first received Sir Arthur's friends with a sweet smile, a winning cordiality, and friendly shake of a frank and kindly hand. To do honor to bis friends, she would invite them to accompany herself and Sir Arthur on some proposed excursion; she would converse easily, merrily, with thein and at first she did not even guess why Sir Arthur suddenly leftheralone with his friends, nor why, when they were at length gone, and she went in searoh of him, she found him pale as death, and with his dark eyes flashing fire, or wet with tears, his manner cold, haughty, estranged, and a sullen resentment pervading his conversation and manners. Too proud to own his besetting sin, bis dreadful foible, Lady Theresa was some time before she was able at all to. account for ber husband's strange and fitful conduct. By degrees, however, and aided by the quick and unerring instincts of a loving -noman, she began to unravel the mystery. Tbe knowledge of this morbid feeling in her husband distressed her deeply; it destroyed the ease, the charm, the captivation of her manner; but though it made her much less delightful, it did not make him any the Sbe was afraid to smile, to shake hands, to indulge in playful conversation, and lo! Sir Arthur, one of those jealous ones to whom, " Trifles light as air, Are confirmation strong as proofs of holy writ." looked with suspicion on her restraint, ber silence, her dcjection, and began to torment himself with the notion that such changes were indications of some deep interest in some new object, or some diminution in ber lore for himself. CHAPTER XLIII. WHILE the "happy pair" were staying in Martigny, an odious little town, remarkable for nothing but the fierce sun that beats down upon it, tbe myriads of flies that blacken the windows, and the trash with which the shrines in the church are decorated, Sir Arthur was content. They wer« alone at Martigny, and to him the heat was nothing, the glare was nothing, the flies were nothing. He had her all to himself, and be was wildly happy. But when, at length, in compliance with the custom of all who pass through Martigny, they resolved to visit the monastery of St. Bernard, Theresa began to fear lest they should fall in with any travellers bound for the samo spot, for she knew if she exchanged a word or a smile with any other gentleman, her husband's madness, and her misery, would follow. Chance, however, was kind to the lover husband during the delightful journey in a char-d-lanc up to a little village half way between Martigny and St. Bernard, and daring their subsequent ascent on mules up to the convent itself. It was a day of intense and sultry heat in the valley, and tbey saw no one on their lovely way (adorned, as the first of it was, by a very beautiful variety of wild flowers) but tbe distorted cripples, tho goitro disfigured idiots, the miserable .old hags, and imp-like children, oil of whom, squalid, ignorant, and dirty, have wit enough to beg and agility enough to follow a char-d-hanc till they have obtained alms from its inmates. There were men, too, in the prime of life, and several women, who, anywhere else, would have been hard at work, but they, ton, held out tho rapacious, hand, and moaned forth the common entreaty for alms. Sir Arthur gavelibcrally; he was so happy, and happiness is a humanizing feeling. He could not be jealous of any of tbe beggars who occasionally lined the road and followed' the char-d-banc; no, not though Theresa smiled kindly upon them; and dropped coins into their lean, bony hands, or battered old bats. Tbey stopped to lunch at—, the half- way village between Martigny and St. Bernard, and in a most unpromising- looking tenement, on the slope of a very steep hill, they found, to their surprise, an excellent repast, and capital wine. Sir Arthur's spirits rose, and Theresa was delighted to see him so happy. He felt as if be could have stayed for ever with his beloved iu that cool, dark chatalet, with no one to wait upon them but a woman, a widow, who gated at them with interest, because the undisguised devotion of Sir Arthur, and the gentle tenderness of his bride, reminded ber of her own honeymoon, and of her poor Pierre, a guide, who, when she had been married only two months, was lost in the snow. At length, however, the mules were saddled. The guides announced that, unless " mi lor and mi ladi" set out at once, they would not reach the Convent of St. Bernard before dark, and roused by this prophecy, our wedded lovers left the chatalet. The ascent is very tedious, and, in general, very trying to the patience and temper of those who, seated on the backs of slow, obstinate, but very sure-footed mules, are often carried against their will to the brink of 'precipices, over which the mule looks with a stolidity wbicb shows how much the assinine element prevails in him, but where one false step would plunge bis rider and himself into eternity. Theresa was not timid for herself, but every now and then, when Sir Arthur's mule approached the verge ot some frightful precipice,"a faint shriek escaped ber, and her cheeks grew white. These involuntary evidences of her love for him were very delightful to Sir Arthur, who, in tbe gratitude and joyfulness of his heart sang, in a rich glad voice, Italian cantatas. Irish melodies, and Scottish songs, making the primeval granite of those mountain caves echo with " A te 0 Vara," " Tu, non sai," " Tu mami" " Believe me,all those endearing young charms," " Nora Creina," and '< Bonnie Lassie." The guides were astonished to find English travellers so merry at the latter end of this tiresome ascent. "When the whole sceno is like an enormous, uneven, and half-ruined granite staircase built for " the ghosts of a giant creation gone by," often with chasms and precipices on either side, the gray stone very hard, and perfectly bare, except that here and there, apparently without a root, it is studded with a lovely little flower of tbe riohest blue, gleaming and glittering like a gem, and which is the only proof of vegetation these granite and snowcovered tracks can yield. Tbe last hour of the ascent iB particularly fatiguing and wearisome. The cold becomes very bitter. The prospect is unutterably desolate. The footiug, even for miles, grows less and less secure. The 6ky and the granite are gray—a dark, leaden-hued gray. Everything is gray, except the plains and valleys, where the white snow, deep and treacherous, lies. Travellers have generally become hungry, cold, weary, and dejected, before a large building, something like a huge stone barn, looms in their view. The guides, glad as themselves to have reached tbe gaol in safety, shout and caper for joy- The welcome sound of a cheerful bell comes over the snowy desert and the granite stairs. It is a signal that the monks have perceived tbe approach of the travellers, and in a few minutes more tbey are dcscenling from their mules in the courtyard of that noble monument of Christian benevolence, and warmhearted, smiling, welcoming monks, usher them into a large stone hall, where a wood fire restore? life to their numbed limbs, and circulation to their almost frozen blood. At first Sir Arthur was sensible of nothing, but a feeling of lively joy and intense comfort at seeing the color return to Theresa's pale cheeks, and the smile to her lips. The hospitable monks, before showing them their rooms for the night, gave each a glass of hot-spiced wine. "When, lo I as a young and rather good- looking monk made a pretty and complimentary speech to Lady Theresa, to which she replied with a smile and a bow, the familiar demon of Sir Arthur's heart darkened it with his shadow. The noble temple of hospitality became for him 'a torture chamber; and Lady Theresa, glancing smilingly up into his face, and asking him in her tenderest accents how he felt, beheld with dismay the livid pallor, the contracted brow, tbe flashing eyes, the white and trembling lip, and as she saw this, all ber innocent gaiety of manuer, all her girlish enchantment, in this sudden rescue from numbing cold, all vanished—a feeling of utter desolation, of dreary disappointment stole over the gladness of her young heart. And, with tearful eyes and slow, listless feet, she followed Father Antoine and her busband through the long stone corridors to the aDartments in which they were to sleep. " " I am so very glad we are favored with English visitors to-night," said Father Antoine, " for I grieve to say we have an English milor very dangerously ill here; and he is always hoping and praying for the arrival of a countryman or a countrywoman. May I beg you and your -fair lady to allow me to announce you—it would so comfort him 7" " Oh, certainly," said Sir Arthur, rallying a little, for Father Philip, the handsome young monk, bad retired. " What is his name ?'' he asked. " Oh, I cannot tell that," replied the monk, in French. " But he suffers ; and be always savs, ' Are no English arrived yet ?' " He opened a door as he spoke, and there, in rich Turkish wrapper and Fez cap, lay on a couch by a wood fire, looking very thin and ill, and evidently in a high fever, the Buonaparte of the Boudoir, Lord Boaurepaire. (To le continued.) A LIBERAL SALARY.—One of tho Methodist ministers at the Boston Convention stated that his salary for the first year's preaching consisted of a new hat and a bushel of apples. Since then he has been more fortunate, having reoeived about twenty-five dollars annually. 