AN.EXTAOEDINAEY VOYAGE. [VltOM THE DAILY TEIXGKATH, AUGUST 27.] A few days ago a brief newspaper paragraph made known to the British public thnt a miniatme full-rigged ship, of something less than 2J tons register, with a crew of two wen nnd a dog, -had been spoken iu the English Channel, off Hastings, ufter making an excellent pnssngp, in point of time, from Now York. Anything like pluck nnd euduvnnce, even if bordering upon rnshnens, is so congenial to the Anglo-Snxou temperament, Uint no apology need be offered for amplifying the meagre details already known of an undertaking attempted more than once before, but now, wo believe, for the first time successfully achieved. For this purpose it is not necessary to criticise the motives which huve in duced two young American semm-n to risk their lives in so perilous tin undertaking ns crossing the stonny Atlantic in n little craft about the size of » ship's jolly bout. Leaving conjecture out of the ijnestion, and taking the more tangible stand- point of the opinions and doings of tho adven turers themselves, which are duly recorded in a log book that hears very nninistakenble evidence of what boat life is ou the. Atlantic, we Hud it stated ' That tho object of this expedition in to he nt the world's fair in Paris, to show the French they have not nil complete without .something notorious to give the rest a contrast.'' The Paris Exhibition, however, opens in April, 18G7. To have reached it in time would have involved sailing from Xew York in February. Probably no one know* better than the adventurers themselves by this time thnt the chance of weathering an Atlantic equinoctial gale in the 'roaring forties,' in -a two and a half ton ho:it, wns rather too remote to he undertaken by any but a properly qualified candidate for a lunatic asylum. As a consequence, the voyage had to he undertaken this year, at a period when the probahilites were iu favor of thu maximum of favorable weather. Having safely amved, tlits adventurers will no doubt find ways and menus of spending their time pleasantly enough till tiext April iu visiting some of the principal seaports of the United Kingdom nnd the Continent. Tho ship Itoil, White ami Blue, of Xew York, 238-100 tons register, is n metallic lifeboat, bnilt by u. it. liigersoii, i\ew ion:, iler dimensions nre us follows : — Length, 20 feet ; breadth of beam 6 ft. 1 in. ; depth of hold, 2 ft. 8 in. ; from decks to heel, :3 ft. She is like nil lifeboats and whnle-bnnts, sharp at both ends, or stem and stem alike. She has a 'water-tight compartment of 4 ft. at each end, and cylinder compartments along each side. She is .'decked over, hut has a cockpit for thu steersmtm ^around the mizenuiHHt. She is ship rigged and ! spurred in proportion to her size us follows : — Bow- sprit, 2 ft. outside bows; jihboom, i- ft., und flying jibboum, 2 ft. ;. pole, 10 in. The foremast is 0 ft. from thu deck to the top, with a 0 in. masthead; the topmnst is 7 ft. 0 in., with a five feet hoist ; the top-gaUniitnmst, 3 ft. 9 in. ; the royulmnst 2 ft. 6 in., nud pole 1 ft. ; the mainmast is 7 ft. from deck to top, with a l- in. mnsthend, with topmast, topgal luut, and roynl masts in proportion ; the. niizeuinast is 5- ft. 0 iu. from deck to top, with a five- inch mast-head; the niizeu-topmnst is (i ft. 2 in., with n 4 ft. hoist, and u 10 in. masthead ; the lnizen top-gallant masts 2 t. -- . in., mid royal must 1 ft, 3 in., with u 10 in. pole ; the spnukev-booin is 8 ft. long, nnd the gnfl' 5 ft., -with a 10 in. pole to each ; the fore nnd main lower yards nre 10 ft. each, topsail yards 7 ft. (i in., topgallant yards ii ft. 5 in., roynl yards, 3 ft. 6 in. ; the cross-jack yard is 7 ft. ij in., the niizen topsnil yard C ft. 3 in., top ffillhmt yiird 3 ft. (! in., and roynl yard 2 ft 9 in. ; the fore topmnst stunsnil booms are 5 ft. G in., fore nud main topgallant stunsail booms, 4. ft. The suils, which, together with tho spars, were designed nnd made by Mr Crnuisky, of New York, consist of fore-topmast staysail, jib, and flying jib, fore main nud wizen coursesj topsnils, top.gallnnt snils, and royulftnnd spanker. All these are bent to set just as in a ship of 1000 tons. In addition to these plain sails the Red, White nud Blu(;is provided with fore topmnst stunsails, foro and main topgiillnnt stun snils, mitia trysail, and storm tore staysail nncl try sail. She was launched on tho 21st June, having previously hud a false kenl fitted to her standing keel, giving a total depth of keel of 74 in. She was launched with all her spars standing, bows ou, from a dock five feet above the level of the water. Her captain nnd owner, John M. Hudson, not o, had name by the way, for uu adventurous navigator, was tho only person on board, and he records it as a- good-indication of the fitness of his craft for her iuteudvd voyage, that ' she did not tnke a bucket ful of water on deck, nud, considering tho v eight aloft, did not look to turn over, or in nuy way feel crank, ns the people on the docks snld she would, hut found themselves disnpiiointed.' Having found a congenial ndventurous spirit in tho person of Frank E. Fitch, to share iu tho perils of the pro jected voyage, these two plucky Xew Yorkers went to work to get their craft ready for sea. The newly luunched cmft'was-fonml.tolenk, nnd it was neces sary to tnke out the mizenmust to repair the damage. It would have been well for the comfort of the adventurers if they -had discovered another defect in their craft, which did not develop itself nutil she wns pitching and rolling, gunwales under, in the huge swell of, the ; Atlantic ; bnt they failed to make the discovery, nnd paid the penalty of being wet through nearly the whole of the voynge. The stores taken on honrd consisted first of 12 ten gallon kegs of water, 200 lb of bread, 5.1b coffee, 2 lb of tea, 10 lb butter, 4 boxes smoked hen-ings, 1 dozen cans of milk, 15 lb smoked beef, 17 lb cheese, 4 bottles pickles, inustiird, pepper, salt and snuce, two bottles of brandy, 1 bottle of whiskey, and 1 bottle of bitters. To these were ndded, as a gift, by Mr .Isaac Reck how, of Brooklyn, 2 dozen cans each of the follow ing. preserved provisions :— Eonst beef, roust turkey, roust chicken, and mutton soup. Mr lleckhnvr nlso presented Captain Hudson with his dog Fanny. It would huve been well for the poor brute in question if thnt gentleiuim's generosity hud stopped short lit his very appropriate jfift of stores, for poor Funny, uunble to stund up ngninst constnnt wet nnd exposure, nit wns beginning to tell on her biped companions, gave up the ghost just us the Red, White nud Blue made the mouth of tho Thames, after safely sur mounting all the dangers of the voyage. The master's department consisted of n bant compass, qundnmt, chnrts, parallel rule, divider's weather in dicitor, log line nnd glass, 7 lb lead, American en sign nnd pennant, English uud French ensigns, anchor Hntl fifty fathoms of rope, but no chrono meter. The surgeon's department, to which hnppily we find no record in the log of use during the voyage, consisted of six bottles of Indian liniment, s;x box«s of vegetables pills, a bottle of powders, and another mixture of some marvellous character, which we nre told is ' the never-failing Ulllfl lllinV /Mll'O nil /I hnit stTiiiArl Tnllrtt.* fm-fm n-.-. J ........ .£,...» ......w, itiivi L1IIO V.ll*VT'H J VilUl! JVUl llllll cholera.1' It wns well, perhaps, for enptuin nud crew that neither smallpox, cholera, nor ?? Yellow jack,'1 gnve them an opportunity of testing the value of their remedy. During the procuBs of fitting nnd Htov.'ing ship the tiny craft wus visitetl by crowds of curious New Yorkers. The comments of the sterner sex, so far as they nre recorded, don't appear to he either hopeful or flattering. The generul character of the remarks were something ns follows: 'The fools will never get across ; ' ' That captain ought to he tried for murder ; ' ' They ought to he put in rt lunatic asylum.' The behavior of the fairer por tion of creation wus so different that tho citptniu makes the following entry in his hurhor log : il The poor Indies, God bless them, were all praying for us.' The comments of the New York press were scarcely more favorable, nnd in one notable instance certainly not more laudatory than those of their readers. Paragraphs appeared in most of the papers speaking anything but hope fully of the chances of success. One notico wns headed, ' One. more lunatic weary of breath,' und closed with n suggestion thnt the miniature ship should be christened 'The Fool's Own.' Undeterred by these unfavorable remarks, Captain Hudson went on with his work, dismissing them with one final entry : ' Let them all have their own opinions ; I have mine.' When the ship wus ready, he nnd a party of nix friends started, ou the SGth June, for a trial trip down Xew York Buy. The breeze wns too light to test tho little vessel's quulitics as a sea bout, but she was found to suit well aud to work hundily, and to that extent the trial was considered satisfactory. After some debate as to the nnme the ship wus to receive, one correspondent suggesting Claude Meluotte n» one likely to ensure the little craft A good reception in England, sho wns fiimlly ehrist«ni.-d The Iltd, White nnd Blue. The mime, perhaps, is ns cosmopolitan and well chosen. ns it oould be. It hns reference, of eonrse, to the colors in the national Hag of the United States ; but, as it applies equally well to the English and French, ami to half a., dozen otlu-r national ensigns, eiich of ..thu said nationalities may accept it lisa compliment. The date of sailing was fixed for the Oth July, and ou Hint day -Mr Fitch hoarded- the ship iu Whitehall slip, and at 11.30 a.m., took he,r down to Eed Hook Point. At the same time .Cap tain Hudson wont to the New York cut.tom-liouse, took out a register, a clearance in bifllastj ft crew list, a bill of health,' ffiid 'went through precisely the' same formula ns if his craft-wn3 a- clipper packet. Ho ' got throngh' at 1.30 at the custom house, aud then joined his friends ou board a steamboat called the Silas 6. Pearcc, and started down the bay. They overhauled the .miniature ship opposite the- Quaran tine House on Staten Island. After a visit ' of the friends to the little craft they returned on board tho steamer, ljivirig Cnpta;n Hnd;on and Mr Fitch alone with the dog. The stjnmer took the Red, White uud Blue in tow ns fur ns the- lightship off Snudy Hook. Going down the buy poor Funny seemed to h.'ivc u presentiment of the fute that awaited her, for she howled lamentably, refused to he reconciled to her new quirtere, aud at lust fell overboard; but, unfortunately, perhnps it may ho said, u boat from the steamer saved her. About five p.m. the adventurers cast off their tow line, and fairly commenced their voyage.: Before returning to the city the steamer x-nu nlong sido, nnd the frieuds of tho two resolute se tmen gave each of them ' three cheers aud a tiger.' The logs tell us thnt ' mnny a white handkerchief waved in the breeze, and then went to the bright eyes of warm-hearted friends who were praying for our Riifety.1' The littlo ship their set sail, and stosd out to sea with a light breeze from south-west. At hnlf-pnst seven tho wind shifted to the north-west,' nud freshened so much that the littlo craft ' shipped plenty of water.' Tho crew made tho uniileusunt discovery, that the decks leaked badly, for there was soon four inches of 'water in her, nnd their bed'antl provisions were wetted. They would have acted wisely to have run buck to New York nnd repaired defects, hut they stood resolutely on their course, nnd determined to make the best of a had business. At nine p.m. they managed to lose their signal-lump overboard. They 'passed vessels staudiug in for New York and to the '-eastward, and at mid night took their departure from the Highlands of Nuvesink, which bore W. by N. J N., distant 20 miles. From this time commenced the ordinary routine of a ship nt ueu. Captain Hudson nnd his mate kept watch iind watch. Of course tho ' watch on deck ' had to steer the shij). If, therefore, it wns necessary to take in .soil, the ' watch below ' had to be hurried out for the purpose, and hud nlso to perform all other necessary ship's duties. Their first day out commenced with n fresh N.E. wind and a heavy swell. Hudson hud to turn out to shorten snil, nnd the ship kept very well to the. wind with only the loretopsnu. JJunug mat lorenoou they spoke two pilot bouts, and reported how thu ship worked so fur. There was a 'kerosene' stovo on honrd to burn coal oil, but the ship pitched nn:l rolled about too much to use it. The consequence was that the two men, -though nearly nhvuys wet through, wero very seldom ablo to mnko ten and eoffoe, or warm their jn'ovisionu. The first day's work, close-linuled, gnve the distance ntu 42 miles. Ou tho second day the wiuds were lighter, the nenther finer, so that they were able to make coffee und bale out the ship. Tho distance run in the twenty-four hours wns 49 miles. On the 12th of July the wind shifted to the westward, with fine weather, nnd the men were able to partially dry some of their wet clothes and nuike. some warm mutton soup, which is recorded as ' tho best ever tnsted out of cans.1' Towards evening the wind freshened, and the littlo craft began to bowl off six nnd seven knots an hour ; and, hi the courso of thnt twenty -four hours, made the excellent run of 168 knots. On the 13th they made the discovery thnt their only timejiiece, n watch, hnd got wet in the works, nud hnd stop2-ed. - It wns found, on e'x nmination, that ' sho wns rusty inside j ' so from that time, forward their only indication as to time, wns sunset, sunrise, nnd meridian. We find re corded from day to day the expenditure of sundry cnus of beef, turkey, and mutton broth. It is satis factory to find that the dog wns not neglected. On the third day out there is nu .entry, ' This day ex pended one, can of beef for the dog, us she must not be forgot.' It would appear thnt poor Funny hud become somewhat reconciled to her -situation, and 'that ^occasionally she could find n dry spot, : for she is 'logged' on the 13th of July ns follows : — ' She takes it out in sleeping.' The periodical recurrence of entries recording ex penditure of enns of beef for the dog demonstrates that her sad fute wus in no way duo to any want of kindness nnd attention ou the part of her biped shipmates. When running before a ' fresh gnle' from thewest with a clear blue sky, wo find- thnt he shin does vcrv well, thou'!) takin« in nomo water — Cnptivhi Hudson says, ' nincli better thnu I expected, considering that when she is in tho hollow of the sea the suils are almost becalmed.' On the 14th of July they made a fair run of 139 miles, uud the only.' remark in the log-book . apart from the orAiimiy entries of the ship's run is tllfi nhiri'innnf., ' Thnt cockpit of ours is a very '-hard' place. You nre cramped up just high enough to catch the hips ; it cramps the knees nnd makes. us both sore. It is the .' hardest' pluce on board; tho rest is bnd enough.' The next -day, Sunday* loth July, they were bullied by light nnd sometimes contrary Tvinds, making a run only of 03 milca, of which no incon siderable proportion appeared to be duo ; to the Gulf Stream. During tho afternoon they were becalmed, in company with a barque about two miles distant. They set their ensign, und thob.-i'que did the- same, .but, from the Hug. hanging down, they were unable to make out her nationality. Whatever his country, the 'captain of her wus un ill-conditioned .churl ; foi'iOii u light nir springing up, and the little ship heading to speuk her, she wore round to the north nnd: kept uff, ' evidently,' us Captain Hudson snys, 'not wishing to spenk us.' There are very few leaders who will not cordially endorse Captain Hudson's opinion when he snys ' I cannot say much for thnt enptuin's humanity who would pass n small ship, with only two meu in her, 500 miles from land, without desiring to speak her, even if he could, do nothing.' Bowling along before favorable winds, the little ship made runs of 92, .124, 104 nnd 115 miles, in: the .course of the twenty -four hours, und everything went on pretty favorably except, that when nine days out poor Fanny is logged ' sick ; ,v.-ill not ent.' On the 20th of July the wind drew, ahead, und they only made n run of twenty-six miles. The next day it became rather more favorable, nnd they got a distnnce of seventy- two miles out of their little craft. On the 22nd they run out of the Gulf Stream, -which bad hitherto been helping them famously on their voynge. The record of discomfort Ls con tinuous ; seldom a day passes without such entries as 'shipping water,' 'no cooking to-dty,' 'ship tnukes water in avonnd the gunwale, when it is under water.' Fortunately for thena poor sodden unvigntors, the temperature of both air and water hnd been high since leaving New York. But, on running out of the Gulf Stream, there wns an im mediate fall of something like 12' both in the nir and water, and they now begun to experience, the additional discomfort of cold. They pussed a large, green turtle one afternoon, but their minds were more intent on billing out the ' considerable quan tities of water ' they were shipping thtm on turtle soup, iind.the succulent reptile wont on his way un molested. About three p.m. on thu 25th of July, while running with a southerly- wind, throngh a dense fog, they passed ' through n strong cur rent ripple. ? Got into it before I could see it. Tho water, for about sixty yards, wus in a fearful foam, nnd topping up five or six feet. Ship would hurdly steer. Wns a long time getting out. Sometimes her beidwny was stopped. It resembled passing through Hurl-gate, New York. Pussed through several smaller ripples. From that, fact, uud feeling like ice, I conclude, we are in thu Polar.' This wus iu Int. 44' 12' N., nml long. 403 -17'- W. Hydrogrnphers will probably with these dutu bo ublc to determine how fur dipt. Hudson's surmise is correct. At four a.m. the next morning the little craft wns nearly upset by the effect of the current, which nearly brought her to while under the lee of a sen. The runs mnde wero 109, 85, 89, 117, 117, 172, 51 nnd 129 during the remainder of the month of JirJ}'. There are re pented e.itries in the log during the lutter part of tho month of being obliged to keep the ship before the sen when lnrge waves came, to prevent them from coming on board. At tliree a.m. on the morn ing of the 30th, they paid u similar compliment to a ' large whale,' which came so close alongside that they ' kept awny from him.' At the close of the mouth, from eight p.m. to midnight, the log savs : — ' Fresh breezes from S.W. and overcast. Thewuter sparkles so much that it is almost light when the aea breaks. Towards midnight several sens in suc cession pmne rolling along, earning the ship (she wns steering E.S.E,) with them with great velocity, so thnt the sails were , hard aback. I have nover seen the like before with anything nt sea.' August begun with runs of 130, 109, 109, nnd 7u' miles iu the twenty-four hours, und with miserably foggy, drizzling weather. Captain Hudson overhauls his vidise for mouldy clothes, nud was successful ' in finding sonui shirts that way inclined, und some books also.' A fniut glimmer of sunshine through the all-pervmlir.g fog is diligently improved, to counteract . this unpleasant tendency of everything on board the Red, White nnd Blue. On the *4th of August they sighted n barque, the first snil seen fojr twenty days, mud. ,siw the sunset the first timsfor ten days. The. next day, . Sunday, 5th . Angust,- they Bawl another ship. She ran down to them, and proved to be the barqne Princess Royal, of Nova 'Sodtia. 'Shehove to, and' tho 'littlo ship' ran tinder her lee, and got from her a bottle, an old wliitesignal light, and the Irish Times nnd Freeman's Journal of 24th July. Tho barque was eleven days out from Dublin, bound to Quebeo. The sensonablo gift of rum they found ' very good for wet days,' nn experience which we feel inclined cordially to endorse, teetotulism to the contrary notwithstand ing. On the 6th,' tho sea ran so high that -the little ship took in ? two over the stem, or, rather,- tho ?fragments occasioned by her sharp stem-Splitting them as they flew past her. About five p.m. a blind sen took her on the port qunrter, and hove her on to her starboard beura-euds. On letting go the topsail halyards sho righted in about half u minute. There is something almost comical in tho entry recording this event, which says, ' We have carried s.'iil pretty hard, but nover suw her do that before. The dangerous sen wns the cause, ns we only hnd foresail, foro topsail, fore-topmast staysnil, and jib s;t.' It was not long, however, before they hnd a repetition of tho same rather alarming occurrence ; for, next morning, at -naif-pant eight, they shipped a heavy sea, which 'a^ttin threw the ship Hut on her stnr bourd beam ends. With great difficulty they clewed dossil- tho foro nnd main topsails,' and in nbont a minute — which wo can well conceive, 'looked like an hour' — she slowly right. d, nnd nftcr some considerable bailing things were got into tolerable order. Twice again before making the English const was tho little ship hove ou her beams, nnd nftcr n few anxious seconds righted again by the heuve of the sen. During the whole of the be ginning of August she experienced strong westerly und north-westerly winds, which enabled her to lay her course, but which caused her to ship so much water that captain aud mate, were never dry, and suffered much from cold iuid exposure. On Sunday, 12th Auguat inst., the monotony of their daily life wns somewhat relieved by a lnrgo shark coiuing alongside nud keeping their compuny. They this day got nn observation of tho sun, and found they hnd overrun their reckoning nbont l!0 miles in a run of 3300 from New York ; considering thnt they hnd for the most part been navigating by dead reckoning, the error was really very small. They found that Ushnnt bore south, distant 27 miles, aud from this point they took a fresh departure and stood up tho English Channel. They were soon in the track of shipping, but none seemed to have troubled themselves nbout tho diminutive stranger, until un American barque, the Ijuilr Merryinnn, of JNew lork, Captain H. A. Kuwlius, gus-e them two bottles of brandy, a biokcu while signnl lamp, and the bearings of the Bill of Portland. The rest, of this adventurous story is soon told. Passing up channel with u (lowing .sheet, they made all the well-known points in succession, communicating lit Hastings with some fishernieu, from whom tho news of their arrival wus first heard, und by whom Cap tain Hudson and his mate, Mr Fitch, learned that the Great Eastern had successfully laid the Atlantic cable. At Denl they got the offer of a pilot, which ?mis declined. Rounding the South Foreland, she beat up ngninst a bend sriud to Margate. On the afternoon of the 10th, when abreast of that place, it enme on to blow so hard thnt they ' gladly accepted the offer of Captain Thomas Wnther, of the boat Jessie, who took hold of the little ship and towed it into the harbor. The crowd ou the poir cheered them lustily, nnd for the next forty-eight hours the .little ship wns visited by thousuuds, of whom some -wore sceptical enough to express doubts that so small a craft had ever performed so long u voynge. For the first time for thirty-four dnys, these wet nnd weary men enjoyed the luxury of stretching their stiffened limbs nnd of sleeping in u dry bed. They remained nt Margate till Saturday, the 18th, when, about two p.m., they nindo snil with a light wind, and bent up for the mouth of the Thames. The wind was light nud the ebb-tide strong, so that it wus four p.m., on Sunday morning before, they worn unrest of Sheerness. At six u.m. the steam- j ship Londonderry, Captuiu While, ran alongside and kindly oilbred to tow them up to Gravesend. The offer wns gladly accepted, and thoy went up tho river astern of the steamer, furling suils and taking things comfortably. The only drawback to their satisfaction wns that poor Funny, not being able to hold out nny longer, died nt their feet iu great agony, nfter n number of previous tits. After the steamer hnd anchored nt Gravesond Cuptain ! White pnid them n visit, und took them buck to j dinner with him. Es'eutunlly the Red, White and chored nstem of the coastguard .ship, where she was scraped, painted, and made presentable before being brought up to tosvn. This ex traordinnry -voyngo was performed in 34 days from New York to the chops of the Chnune.l, 38 days to Margate, nnd 40. (lays Mi hnnva in Gruvesend. Cnptam Hudson und his companion | may ho fairly congratulated on having safely uccom- j ph'shed so perilous nn ndventnre. Whatever other I result may have bcon achieved, no one will deny I .them what credit may attach- to the demonstration . of its being possible to cross the- stormiest ocean in j the world in a coeklo-shell. The Red, White, and Blue was conveyed to the Crystal Palace from Green- i hithe on . Saturday. CupLiiu Julius, und Cuptain! Hudson nccompnnied the little ship, which for some ( time to come will form one of tho uttrnctior.s of the J Pulnce. i 