Meet f k k THE SLEEP-WAL& JBJi : . OB, ! ' ^ ; • LADY THEBEBA'S TRTAT^ CHAPTER LVII. HX MI1S. GORDON SMITHIES, AuUiorcf" Our Maty,"-TLo Woman iu JilacV;" etc. ete. THAT same evening, the last they were spend at the Hospice, and while Theresa and Jack Franks were sitting; for a few minutes alone in the refectory before dinner, looking over the album' of the Hospice, Theresa came suddenly on a very correct arid spirited drawing of the Jast ghastly home of the dead, the Morgue, which some visitor had sketched and inserted in the album. " Mr. Franks," said Theresa, gazing with a shudder at the rude outhouse, with its dwarf railing, above which the grim bodies could be seen, stiff and stark, " I want to ask you a question." Jack Franks bowed. Did you ever help to place a corpse in that charnel-house ?" Jack colored up, and, after a moment's hesitation, said— " I!—no- What could make you suppose that I should usurp the functions of the Alpine undertaker J" Theresa then .told him what had happened, and what she believed she had seen from her window on the night of his arrival, and when ho bad been saved by La Brava from being lost in the snow. " On that night, dear Lady Theresa," said Jack Franks, " I was so weak I could not even turn myself in my bed when cramped by remaining some hours in one attitude; but what you've told me recalls a strange and very vivid dream or vision, or what you will, and which must have visited me at the time you mentioned, and that very night. It seemed to me that I left my bed, and went out upon the mountain, in search of a solitary traveller, whom we had seen at intervals some little way behind us, during our tedious progress up the heights; but who, when he arrived at the drift where I fell in, was nowhere to be seen. I thought Hero, the dog next in skill and strength to La Brava, was with me, and that the noble 1 deep-diver, 'life-saver,' found tho traveller just at the spot where I had last seen him, but buried in the snow. I dreamt that we brought him to the conventyard, where I was joined by a monk, ono of those whoso office it is to bury the dead. Vividly and distinctly as I now see vou, and every object in this room, I saw the'charnelhouse, and palpable to my touch as is this book was the stiffened corpse of the frozen dead. By the light of a lantern, we placed him erect in the dead-house, and went our way." " Wonderful 1" cried Theresa; " why, then, what you saw in a dream I saw in- " " In a dream, too, dear sister elect. What else could it have been! How could I have left my bed, and carried in a corpse, the corpse of a man, too, up a mountain, and into the dead-house. No; that we should both have the same dream is a wonderful coincidence, a singular proof of sympathy, sweet sister." " And what is more wonderful still," said Sir Arthur, who had entered the room unperceived by the earnest speakers,, and had overheard their conversation, "is that a 6trango corpse has lately been introduced into the dead-house. 11 is placed at the entrance, standing erect, and seems to be the body of a middle-aged man, apparently of tho rank in life of a valet or a clerk." " Is it possible ?" said Jack Franks, turning pale ; "how did you hear of it?—when was it discovered ?—who is suspected ?" " I felt some curiosity to examine this singular charnel-house more closely that I could well do with you, Theresa, for I saw you turn pale as you approached it, and I asked Father Philip to accompany me. Directly we looked in, he exclaimed, ' Here is a new inmate. I know every still form and ghastly figure in this dead-house. 1 cannot be deceived. I never saw that man before." Father Philip seemed very much astonished, and not a little shocked. He seemed at first to suspect some foul play; but he tried the low gate, and found it locked and the key is hanging where he says it always hangs in the church, close to the shrine of St. Bernard. The affair will be thoroughly investigated by the monks in full conclave to morrow. Father Philip seems to fear that some miscreants have borrowed the key, murdered the Alpine traveller, and placed his dead body in the charnel-house; but why they should do that, when it would have been so much easier to have buried him in a snow- drift, I cannot imagine. However, ho says, if it has been done by travellers from Italy, tbey are very superstitious, and have an idea that the ghost of a murdered man, not buried in consecrated ground, will haunt them to an early grave, but the Morgue i consecrated, and that is the only rational con elusion of this extraordinary circuwstanoe, but the new inmate of that dread abode will be taken out, I believe, and will undergo a post mortem examination ; but let us talk no more of this ghastly subject. I see it has driven the rose from your cheeks, my Theresa. _ Ah, there is that' tocsin of the soul, the dinner-bell.' Come, Jack, both you and my wife will bo all the better for Rome hot soup and a tumbler of good wine. You both of you look aa if you had seen the ghost of a murdered traveller." "And so we have, in our dreams, at least," said Jack Franks. " Oh, nothing will ever make me believe that I was dreaming," said Lady Theresa. But at this moment the dinner was served; Father Anselmo said a long grace in Latin, and tho guests, with appetites sharpened by the cold, began to dine with right good will. * * * * * * The next day Sir Arthur and Lady Theresa, Lord Beaurepaire and Jack Franks, visited the church, iu company with ono of the monks. This is a custom before departure from the Hospice; and it is established for the purpose of enabling the visitors of the higher classes to place a thank-offering in a box kept for that purpose in the sacred edifice. Sir Arthur, who was provided with Murray's hand-book, mfoimed Jack Franks and Lord Beaurepaire that the monks of St. Bernard expect such visitors to drop into the box whatever it would have cost them to spend the same time at a first-rate hotel. The monk attendant looks scrupulously away, and gets to some little distance while this ceremony is going on; but of course, when tho visitors are gone, the box is eagerly On this ocoasion the monks haduooauEe to complain. Lord Beaurepaire consulted Lady Theresa, saying he wished to make his dona-' tion not only a thank-offering to St Bernard, but.to that Providence, which had sent Sir Arthur to prevent his being cut off in the blossom of his sins, and sent to his: long ac- ; count " unliouseled, unanointed, unannealed, wjth all his imperfections on his head.". Jack Franks, too, did not forget that his life had been saved.- : Sir Arthur was nlways liberal, and so was Lady Theresa — veiily, when the monks opened the box containing only a few sous, dropt in by poor wayfarers, they had great cause to love the English, and to resolve to make every son and daughter of Albion right welcome. At length our party have remounted their mules; the monks came out to see them off. " I hope we may meet again on some future day, when I trust we shall make another pilgrimage to the shrine of St. Bernard," said Sir Arthur, addressing Father Anselmo. " I hope we may meet again, monsieur," said the polite friar; " but it will not be here. My time, and that of my colleagues, , is fast expiring. None of us can stand the icy air of St. Bernard for more than a few years at a time, and any one of us who remains here after he is thirty years of age is sure to become consumptive. That is the reason you see no old men among us; but still, I hope wemay meet again—the world is wide. Adieu, milor et miladi—adieu." (To be continued.) A Frnwr SPEECH.—The Wisconsin Legislature had formally considered a proposition to abolish all laws for the collection of debts. The mover of the bill, Mr. Elmore, is a great wag, as is evinced by the following extract from his speech on that subject:—The speaker proceeded to review the present system of collecting debts. It was all a humbug and a cheat, a matter of technicalities and legal shuffling. Lawyers gave advice in order to obtain fees and encourage litigation. Judges made blundeis and mistakes. He had a little experience in law, and that was rich. (Laughter.) He would give a history of it. The speaker then related how he had purchased a yoke of oxen about fifteen years ago—paid fifty dollars for them. A few days after, the sou of the man of whom he bought the oxen came to him, and said the oxen were his. He insisted on having pay over again, and commenced a suit before a justice. The jury didn't agree. Finally, through the Basswood Justico of the Peace the case went against him. He appealed to the Circuit Court in Milwaukee. There I lost again, and said to my lawyer: " I will give you ten dollars to quote Pennsylvania law to Judge Miller, and get a new trial ordered." (Great laughter.) He took the ten dollars and performed his duty. A new trial was then granted, and the venue changed to Walworth county. Jadge Irwin was then in power. Any man who wanted to gain a cause'in his Court had either to go hunting with him and let the Judge claim all the game that was shot, or else pat bis dog. I patted bis dog. (Laughter.) I fed the dog with crackers. (Renewed laughter.) The case was decided in my favor. When I heard the decision, I thought the dog had followed me about too long-J turned around and gave him a kick. (Laughter.) The yip of the dog had hardly subsided ere I heard the Judge say, " Mr. Clerk, this judgment is set aside and a new trial gran ted," (Great laughter.) Mr. Speaker, that kick cost me 200 dollars. (Convulsive laughter.) You have, no doubt, seen a suit in a Justice's Court in the country ? There is time spent by jurors and hangers on, besides other costs, at least 50 dollars, besides the ill feelings and dissensions caused by it. It is all a cheat. The litigants had better sit down and play a game of old sledge to decide tho case. It would be more sure to settle the dispute justly. Do NOT COME.—Young man, do not come to the city expecting to get into business and speedily make a fortune; you cannot do it. Stay at home, put your hands to the plough; don't say you can't; During the last four years you have been working harder and getting less for it than one of your father's servants; so don't say you can't. Look at the prices asked and obtained for the products of the field. Dig your fortune from the ground, but first plant.' Reap your riches from the broad acres near the old homo, but first sow. By all-means stay at home. There your wants aro few and easily satisfied; labour will give zest to life in the country, vainly sought in town. At home your habits are simple aud frugal; but in the city—well your cousin has written to you about the gay. times in the city—tho opera, the dance, the club, the frolics, and even fashionable flirtations in church—but we repeat it, stay at home. Work, fish, hunt, read, court tho girls in the good old country way, go to the old dark brown church and the tea meetings. Thus grow up sturdy farmers, be producers in. the land, and your children will rise up and call you blessed. The man who bought a lot of ready-made shirts says that he thinks an inspector of common sewers Bhould be appointed, because he can thrust his head between any two of the stitches in the " ready-made" shirts which he purchased. 