\- ANGLING. Angling Hatch for Bream. Dear Bell, — Hearing from -a friend that » .frand linbinj; match was. to 'take place on the bank? of the Saltwater Biver, on Satur day last,, I determined to avail myself of such a favourable opportunity to witness one or these ' piscatorial tournaments.' Thinking. tliat the fun was to commence as soon after daylight a» possible, I was up with. «'-cm(A. iiimqu roy way 10 vae nemingson road before live o'clock. What a ' chump ' I was. After; an 'agreeable walk of about half an honr.^I found myself at the road which nlns past the Racecourse hotel ' trwsrds Fisher's pnnt Proceeding onward, I. soon reached the beautiful .banks of the Saltwater River, and wended my way to the ?pot where T understood the match was to take place. Upon arrival I found that none of the fishermen had yet put in an appear ance, and inquiring of Mr. Fisher's .Mick — who that visits the bank of the river near this spot does not know' jolly, good-natured Mick— at what time the 'little game', was to commence, you may 'judge my surprise when, in answer to my interrogation,- he W»nl!r»f1 tlf^nn' /^**trt*»V ' ,* ?( /**??.. A'*.l_.1. ill quoth T,' and it's notyet six; whatshall I do to while away the time T' I had not come out to tish, nnd, therefore, had not supplied myself with anything in the shape of fishing tackle. But Mick soon got me out of the dilemma by offering to lend me any thing I required in that line, so .1 proceeded to the river to make my first cast j and, it being the ' first time I' ever handled » rod, I leave you to guess what a mess I 'made ?' of it. Whether it was my inartistic mode of handling the pliable stick I held in my hand, or whether the fish were not in the. mood for Wting, I know not ; but certain it is that for more than half an hour I hadn't the ghost of » nibble. Such monotonous ' work was enough to test the patience of ah 'Alves, a Fraser, or a 'Jack Pike.'. What, then, must it have been to a chump like roe ! It was a delightful morning, however, and the. beauty of the scenery around made ample amends for the deficiency in the sport The sweet odour of the newly-mown hay, the bright green native grass,- the. soft breeze bringing down the 'melancholy notes . of a bird that seemed to cry ;? Waikato. ' and the splendid brood mares and foals quietly feed ing in one of the paddocks, all tended to re lievo the monotony of the fishing. , That ''''6 ujbj 'K UV!'- l reaaiiy grant; out to witness such a gr-eno as I beheld on that, omim and peaceful morning I wouldagain travel miles ; even if I didn't get, .a nibble all day,; The wind, however; subsequently, changed to the southward.'and 'brought with it slight showers of the a(]u'cou3'eleni'eht,'but tno fish. While rcclinint; lazily- against the timber of the punt I happened to cast my.eyes to wards Maribyrnong,' andb'eheldasight that made my heart leap with joy. Seven, sheeted: beauties were coming'' straight towards me ?on to the lower training' ground connected -with the establishment. ' '.'Now; 'if ''there ,is ?«'e thinu I admire more than another it is a :*jjui uu^iiurwi raccnorsc, ana tne sight of ?'♦hose I have mentioned being more in ac cordance with my tastes than angling, down -went the rod, and away went I. '. As it was quite evident some of the nags were going to have a gallop, all the fish in the river would not have induced me - to .miss such a treat Soon 'a pair started at a nine . «tetdy cantor, and when passing me I recognised that sweet filly, Siren, and Budfelight, the colt apparently recovered from we indisposition he laboured under while in Sydney. He went strong and well, as also . did his companion/for two miles, the last a regular 'duster;' after which they palled ?up, when their toilette was again arranged under the siiperintendenee- of Mr.',Fitate. These two were followed oya pair of the cracks, Smn^gln- and Sev GnU, who went three miles, both of them.aiovihg in splesdid \-- Btyle, the filly especially. * BTone of file otXoirs went out of a wait Aftartbia you may de pend upca it my rniraO would aVhnJt of nothing bnfc the' tlMrough3red racenwrse, «»d 1 was not axtieficrt until B bad haul a closer inspection of the Irood nnres and.Toalu, the Gildermir* looked most IJboming 'in her coat \- — ahe ha«l a fill.T foal fcgr Ferryman at her foot, while Mareliienes*, ieavy i& foal to the . same son of FiakermaH. preser.ted the very ? b«iu idmlnt tihrt-o-V raxre. '.Several of the others bad foals at foot, the' most noticeable of which was that of .Talio'fa colt by Ferry man, 'A-hoae name I think should be Charon. The sight of these ar1 ,gtncratic dames and their progeny more t' ,lan repaid me for the disappointment _at * not' finding ' the, other fishermen at their r .osta. In addition to this ' I afterwards saw ' the great dark horse, The Dane, brought f .owni about twelve o'clock, to do a three .mi|e Bweat The knowing' -ones say tr ilA tlie Ballaarat Cup ia a certainty fo r Sydney Falcon ; he has cer tainly hue „ ]ct'iH- in a most unaccountable manner, b ut i t'R not all over yet ' The Dane is a roost ila- .,,,0rO|j3 customer, for he moves, as a rtceho ffle' shoulrt move, with his hind/legs W(','J ' under him; bounding along likean india- ru° jer ball -the further he w.ent.the better lir . wcmeil to like it, {and the , tip of. a ' ?' fishing muff' for tho Ballaarat Cup is, The n.nf. l . »i»..iM»t'.iv?,l/'ftM *-'? Mimi ''Fisher. 3. But what liaBliecoineofmyrodandliriealUhis tinie?lfomiditjnstaslhadleftit,therodlying in the l-nnt, nnd the line in the river. The line I pulled nut, and, oh ! joy inexpressible, 1 bad hooked a bream.' How long the poor devil had been-thero Hchovvnot, tori had bfien sonic considerable time away. 'Soon after the gentlomeh 'engaged 'in the match arrived, and- quickly;' commenced operations, snmn going'' up' the 'river, others down the river,- while one solitary individua remained at the punt ; and as ho was wcl uj) in turf lore, ho and I were soonunori good terms with each other,' the- conversation, in thenbsei.ee ot the lisn Biting, rjeing oi '«-=- cidedly ' horsey ' character/ I managed to hook another fish of about '3;oz. in, weight, and my companion Si-as fishing five hours and a half for twn fish; 1mt he was moro. fortu nate than si'veral-of the others, some of w-hom had not had a Dingle bite all the afternoon. A lively name, w.i«n't i t ? Several of those who left the river banks and came to the'punt managed to land one or two caeVBome,?£,tnem.yei*jn- ins; over a pound.- One ^gentleman, Mr. Woolley, I think, landed a beauty, weighing 21b. 1 or. As the regulations stipulated that no basket under Gib should take the prize,, and as uoimily linrt got anything 11 no wire, ^luantity, it was- decided, I believe, that the match should commence again the following Saturday (tn- day),wlicn, no doubt, aomething- of ft livelier nature may turn' up.*',. Certainly, ?«Uie sport' of. ln»t. Saturday .. was. oj tho tamest description imaginable, lioura passing away without the ' merest 'semblance of a bite. , .A-vRESJ^11 GHUMP. ( i 