ARMADALE. BY WVILKIE COLLINS. BOOK TIIE SECOND.-CIIAPTER IV. ONE stepping back under the dark shelter of the bulwark, and one standing out boldly in the yellow light of the moon, the two firiends turned face to face on the deck of the timber-ship and looked at each other in silence. The next moment Allan', inveterate recklessness seized on the grote.tue side of the situation by main force. He seated him self astride on the bulwark, and burst out boisterously into his loudest antd heartiest laugh. "All my fault," he said; "but there's no help for it now. Here we are lhard and fast in a trap of our own setting- and there goes the last of the doctor's boat; come out of the dark, Midwintert; I can't half see you there and I want to know what's to be done next." Midwinter neither answered nor moved. Allan left the bulhvark, and mounting the forecastle looked domn attentively at the waters of the Sound. "One thing is pretty certain," he said. "With the current on that side, and the sunken rocks on this, we can't find our way out of the scrape by swimmingr at any rate. So much for the prospect at this end of the wreck. Let's try how things look at the other. Rouse up, messmate!" he called out cheerflily as lie passed MIidwin ter. "Come and see what the old tub of a timber-ship has got to show us astern." HIo sauntered on, with his hands in his pockets, humming the chorus of a comic song. His voice had produced no apparent effect on his firiend; but, at the light touch of his hand in passing, MIidwinter started, and moved out slowly from the shadow of the bulwark. "Come along!" cried Allah, sus pending his singing for a moment andt glancing back. Still, without a word of answer, the other followed. Thrice he stopped before he reached the stern end of the wreck: the first time to throw aside his hat and push back his hair from his forehead and temples; the second time, reeling giddily, to hold for a moment to a ring-bolt close at hand; the last time (though Allan was plainly visible a few yards a-head), to look stealthily behind him, with the furtive scrutiny of a man who be l;eves that other footsteps are following him in the dark. "Not yet !" he whispered to him self, with eyes that searched the empty air. "I shall see him astern with his hand on the lock of the cabin door." T'he stern end of the wreck was clear of the ship-breaker's lumber, accumulated in the other parts of the vessel. I-Here, the one ob ject that rose visible on the smooth surface of the deck was the low wooden strnctur. which held the cabin door and roofed in the cabin stairs. The wheel-house had been removed, the binnacle had been removed; but the cabin entrance and all that belonged to it had been left untouched. The scuttle was on, and the door was closed. On gaining the after part of the vessel, Allan walked straight to the stern and looked out to sea over the taffrail. No such thing as a boat was in view anywhere on the quiet moon-brightened waters. Knowing Midwin ter's sight to ie better than his own, he called out, ' come up here and see if there's a fisher man within hail of us." HIearing no reply he looked back. Midwinter ihad followed him as fas as the cabin and had stopped there. IHs called: again in a louder voice, and beckoned impatiently. Midwinter had heard the call, for he looked up--but still he never stiired from his place. There he stood as if he had reached the utmost limits of the ship and could go no further. Allan went back and joined him. It was not easy to discoverwhat he was looking at, for he kept his face turned away fronthe moonlight; but it seemed as if his eyesy were fixed with a strange expression of inquiry on the calin door. "What is there to look at there'?" Allan asked. "Let's see if it's locked;" As he took a step forward to open the door, Midwinter's hand seized hiin sud denly by the coat-collar and forced him back. The moment after the hand relaxed without losing'its grasp and trembled violently, like the hand of a man completely unnerved. "Am I to consider myself in custody?" asked Allan, half-astonis'ed and half- amused: "Why, in the name of wonler, do you keep staring at the cabin door? Any suspicious noises below? It's no use disturbing the rats--if that's what you mean-we haven't got a log with us. MIen? Living men they can't be; for they would have heard us and come on deck. Dead men? Quite impos sible! No ship's crewo could be drowned in a landlocked place like this unless the vessel broke up under them-and here's the vessel as steady as a church to speak for herlelf. Man alive how your hand trembles! What jrhere to scare you in that rotten old cabin? Vhat are yeou shlaking and shivering about? Any comlpany of the suplernatural sort on board? Mercy preserve us! (as the old women say) do you see a ghost?" "I see two !" answered the other, driven headlong into speech and action by a madden ing temlptation to reveal the truth. "Two!" he repeated, his breath bursting fi'rom him in leep, heavy gasps, as he tried vainly to force back the horrible words. "TlThe ghost of a man like you drowning in the cabin! And the ghost of a man like me turning the lock of the door on him! " Once more young Armadale's hearty laughter rang out loud and long through the stillness of the night. " Turning thel lock of the dloor is hlie ?" said Allan as soon as his merriment left hlim breath enosgh to spesk. " That's a devilish un handsome action Master Mihdwinter on the eaet of your ghost. The least I can do after let is to lot rine out of the cabin, and give lini thie run of the chipl." Withl no molo then a unomenltry exertionll of hi t p)erior striength ho freeid himsehl not Midwintler's holt . "L]elow there! " h'oe cellei out gsily ao he llid hIis lstrong lsnitd on t inray elookt id t'ore openl thie cbli door'. Olost nf Allan Artsadalsll come on deck !i" Shis Ior'ible ignori ncs of th I trth ie psit ilo liossl into thi dlIsirwlsy isssd lIousld (dInei II gly at thue Ilnce whsiri hie iisIlUdeiil'O filer sin h dihi, " 1bih I he i" elximed, step. l Inook n ilnly, wille i e uddelr of dia. i't, " 'lhe ly is ul ho e drudly--nsul the Ali Ii lidlf wui'''r," I I WoIIe rl'llle, 'IIs clllllell roinris nlo whloli non 1; her lower (l.hIr, l' l?tern iiiii I(i ,r lhad wellhd I p abuh abal ri l'll'd w'ood, is tr?ll Iy wisu?ll Isuel l? so l hellls ohy Wllu'se l Iii liu, i shss u llJl h lo i llll 11 Il~lr JO, Wlug Ib (lu odrIn Isnul n It JO r ((J uo ( of the fathers, that the cabin was now in the time of the sons. Allan plsled the door to again with his foot, a little surprlised at the sudden silence which appeared to have fallen on his friend from the moment when he had laid his hand on the cabin lock. When he turned to look the reason of the silenca was instantly revealed. Midwinter had dropped on the deck. le lay senseless belbre the cabin dloor; his face turned up, white and still, to the moonlight, like the faee of a dead man. In a moment Allan was at his side. IIo looked uselessly round the lonely limits of tirhe wreckl as he lifted Midwinter's head on his knee, for a chance of help where all chance was ruthlesly cut off. " What am I to do ?" he said to himself in tile first impulse of alarm. " Not a drop of water near hut the foul water in the cabin." A sudden recollec tion crossed his memory; the florid colour rushed back over hris face; and he drew firom Iis pocket a wicker-covered flask. " God bless thre doctor for giving me this before we sailed !" he broke out fervently as he poured down Midwinter's thlroat some drops of raw whisky which the flaskl contained. Tilhe stimulant acted instantly on tire sensitive sys tem of the swooning man. lie sighed fhintly and slowly openetd hris eyes. "lHave I been dreaming ?" he asked, lookings up vacantly in Allan's face. His eyes wantdered higher, andti encountered the dismantled masts of the wreck rising weird and black against the night sky. He shuddered at the sighrt of them and hid ihis face on Allan's knees. "No dream! " he murmured to himself mournfully. "0 me, no dream I" "'You have been over-tired all day," said Allan; "and this infernal adventure of ours upset you. Take some more whisky-it's sure to do you good. Can you sit by your self if I put you against thie lulwark, so?" e"Why by myself? Why do you leave me? " asked Midsinter. : Allan pointed to the mizen shrouds of the wreck which were still left standing. "You are not well enough to rough it here till the workmen come off in the morning," ho said. " We most find our way on shore at once if we can. I am going to get a good view all round, and see if there's a house within hail of us." Even in the moment that passed whrile those few words were spoken, Midwinter's eyes. wandered back distrustflrly to thie fatal cabin door. "Don't go near it !" hIre whis pered. "Don't try to open it, for God's sake! " "No, no," returned Allan, hrmouring him. ".When I come down from the rigging I'll come back here." I-IHe said thire wor·ds a little constrainedly; noticing, for the first time while hre now spokle, an underlying distress in Mid winter's face, which grieved and pierplexed him. "Yor're not angry with me ?" he said, in hiis simple, sweet- tempered way. "All this is my fault, I know-andi I was a brute and a fool to laugh at you when I ought.to have seen you were ill. I am so sorry, Mid winter. Don't be'angr'ywith me!" Midwinter slowly rrised his head. His eyes rested with a mournful interest long and tenderly on Allan's anxious face. "Angry ? " he repeated in his lonwest, gen tlest tones. "Angry with yoru ? O! my poor boy, wereyou to blame for being kind to me when I wasill in the, old west-corrntry inn? And was Ito blame for feeling"your kindness thankfully? Was it our fault that we never doubted each other, and never knew that we were travelling together blindfold on the way that was to lead us here ? The cruel time is coming, Allan, when we shall rue the day we ever met. Shake hands, brother, on the edge of the precipice--shake hands while we are brothers still." Allan turned away quickly, convinced that his mind had not yet recovered the shock of the fainting fit. "Don't forget tie whisky?" he saidt cheerflly as hae sprang into the rigging and mounted to the mizen top. It was past two; tie moon was waning; and the darktness that comes before dawn was beginning to gather roundthe wreck; Behind Allan, as Ihe now stood lookingoout from the elevation, of the mizen-top, spread the broad ann lonely sea. I?eoreo lum were tile low, black, lurking rocks, and the broken waters of the Channel, pouring white and angry into the vast calm of the westward ocean beyond. On the right hand, heaved back grandly from the waterside, were the rocks and precipices, with their little table-lands of grass between; the sloping downs, and upward-rolling heath solitudes of the Isle of Man. On the left hand rose the craggy sides of the islet of the Calf-l.ere, rent wildly into deep black chasmsl; there, lying low under long sweep ing acclivities of grass and heath. No sound rose, no light was visible, oni either shore. The black lines of the topmost masts of the wreck looked .shadowy and :faint in the darkening mystery of the sky; the land breeze had dropped; the small. shoreward waves fell noiseless; far or near no sound was audible but the cheerless bubblingr of the broken water ahead, pouring through, the awful hush of silence in which earth and ocean waited fur the coming day. Even Allan's careless nature felt the solemn influence of the time. The sound of his own voice startled him when he looked down and hailed his friend on deck. "I think I see one house," he said. "Hereaway, on the mainland to the right." He looked again to make sare at a dim little patch of white, with faint white lines behind it, nestling low in a grassy hollow, on the main island. "It.looks like a stone house and enclosure," he resumed. "I'll hail it on the chance." He passed his arm round a rope to steady himself; made a speaking trumpet of his hands-and suddenly dropped them ngaini without ulttering a sound. "It's so awfully quiet," lihe whispered to himself. " I'm half ifraid to call out." Ho looked down again on deckl. " I shan't startle you Mitidwinter-shall I ?" lie sanil with ann uneasy hlaagl, lIe looked once nmore at tihe feint white object in thi grassy hollow, "It won't tdo to hatve comine up here' for nothing," lie thonight-tainidl i att a spoaklitgirItItot of file itmihlds again, This Utio n gave (11te Ihail with tleo whlola iowur oii lhi lgi, " On Ioni tliore'n " Il sliiaiutdl, trsinig ils fI o to tIhe stan ltlid, A "Alay.lJoy.lJny I!" ao'lri hIt olionl of I' ii oltbrot lle l lwaty alel, Iw I llOullut himul h II oei/l'l tl i ftll i i llt ta"l »t uitVi d ll ?l trmit site r ' ltN r l f i lg tl)' l, t in l w l tI"j ( uif It tl iin " lliw i ci fo l i rts l wJeon Im siilmrliMoM Q lMI'lo cuw ol l, w wreck; and never passing beyond thlle cabin when it returned towards tihe stern. "IHe is impatient to get away," thought Allan; "I'll try again." He hailed thie fllnd once more; fnl taught by previols experience pitchedl his voice in its highest key. This time, anotller sound than the sound of the bubbling water answered him. The low ing of frighrtened cattle rose from the building in the grassy hollow and travelled fitr and drearily through tire stillness of the morning lir'. Allan waited andi listened. If tile building was a farm-house, thie disturbance among thie beasts would roeso the men. If it was only a cattle-stable nothing more would halppen. Thie lowing of tise firightened brutes rose and fell drearily, the minutes passed and nothing happenerd. "Once more !" said Allan looking down at the restless figure pacing beneath hlim'. For the third timne he hailed the land. For the third time le waited and listened. In a pause of silence among tie cattle, ihe heard behind him, on tbe opposite shore of the channel--fint and far among the soli tudes of the islet of tile Calf-a sharp, sudden oound, like the distant clash of a heavy don'or holt drawn back. Turning at once in the new direction he strilined his eyes to lookle for a house. Tihe last faint rays of the waning moonlight trembled here and there on tile higherrocks andi on tie steeper pinnaclesnof ground-bat great strips of darkness lay dense anrid black over all the land between; and in that darkness the house, if house there were, was lost to view. "I have rorused somebody at hiest,". Allan called out encouragingly to Miidwvinter, still walking to and firo on the declk, strangely in different to all that was passing nrear him. "Look out for the answeririg hail!" Anti with hIris then set towards the islet, Allan shlouted for help. The shout was not answered, but mimicked with a shrill, shrieking derision-with wilder and wilder cries rising out of thie deep distant darkness, and mingling liorribly tile expres sion of a human voice wish the sound of a brute's. A suidden suspicion crossed Allan'e mind, which made his head swim ant turned his hand cold as it held the rigging. In breathless silence he looked townards the qiuar ter firom which the first mimicry of his cry for hels had ncome. After a momeit's pause the shrieks were renewed, and the sound of them came nearer. Suddenly a figure, which seemed the figure of a man, leapt up black on a pinnacle of rock, and capered and shrieked in the waning gleam of the moonlight. The screams of a terrified woman mingled with the cries of tile capering creature on the rock. A redi spark flasrhed out in the sdarkness from. a light klindled in an invisible window. Thie hoarse srhouting of a man's voice in anger was heard through thie noise. A second blackle figure leapt up on the rock, struggled wvithl tlre first figure, ailnd disappeared with it in tihe darkness. The cries grew finter and fainter -the screams of the woman were stilled--tihe hoarse voice of thie man was heardl again for a moment hailing the wreck in words made un intelligible by the distance, but in tones plainly expressive of rage and fear' combined. Another moment and the clang of the door-bolt was heard again; the red els)ark of light was quenched in darkness; antil all tie islet lay quiet in tile shadows once more. The lowing of the cattle on the mainland ceased--rose again- stoppied. Then, coln and cheerless as ever, the eternal bubbling of the broken water welled up throrgh the great gap of silence the one sound left as tie mysteorious silence of the hour Ifell like a mantle from the heavens andt closed over thie wreck. Allan descended firom his place in the mizen-top and joined his friend agalin on deck. "We must wait till the ship-breakers come off to their work," he said, meeting MIidwinter half way in the course of iris rest less walk. "After what has hanppened I don't mind confessing that I've bad enough of hailing thire land. Only think of tilre being a mtsdman in that house ashore and of my waking him ! I-Iorrible, wasn't it?" " Midwinter stood still for a moment and looked at Allan with the perplexed air of a man who hears cireumstances familiarly men tioned to which he is himself a total stranger. lIe appeared, if schnell a 'thring had been possible, to have passed oveir entirely without notice niall that had just happened on the islet of the Calf. " N0othing is horrlible out of this sllip," u said. "Everything is horrible in it." Answering in those strange words he turned away again and went on with his walk. Allan picked up the flask of whisky lying on the deck near him anrd revived his spirits with a dram. " Here's one' thing on hoard that isn't horrible," he retorted briskly, as he screwed on the stopper of the flask; "and here's another," hlie added, as lie took a cigar fiom his case and lit it. ' Three o'clock !" lie went on, looking at his watch, and settling himself comfortably on deck with his back against the bulwaark. "Daybreak isn't far off-we shall have the piping of thle birds to cheer us usi before long. I say, Midwinter, you seem to have quite got over that unlucky fhinting fit. How you do keep walking ! Come here and have a cigar and make your self comfortable. What's the good of tramp ing backwards and forwards in that restless why ?" : " I am waiting," said Midwinter. "Waiting! Whato tor?" " For what is to happen to you or me-or to both of us-before we are out of this ship." " With submission to your superior judg mont my dear fellow, I think quite enough has happened already. The adventure will do very well as it stands now; more of it is more than I want." loe took another dram of whisky antd rambled on between the puiif of his cigar in his usual easy way. " I've not got your file imnngination old boy; andi I hiope the next thing that haplpens will be the apltpeartinco of the workmen's boat. I slsplaect that queer' fncy.of yours lias hbeo running away with you while you wore down hero ill by yoursoel'. Come now! wihat were you ihiniking of while I was up in tho mizen.top friglltetintug th cows?" Nlldwintet? ir llddunly stopped. ", Slppoos I trll you? "hi Jt sul, " rlepposo' yol dio ? " T'hl tiiirltll l I sImptartlon to revenal thi trltlb, roured ilce nlrtdrly bI)' 1ol oempanilon'r monoilltsi glihty of l'lrit', pi's"oaud .l Itoll of MillJ wite' r Ih slla se? nu l tilni, li lIIIIl Ib|ol| IIl th. t llllrl gtllrtis l tit Jllh I ld o Al f i h N jlsiriri, stlr ~tfliri e ,ifmlrtiily mi l» is llr, ' ifistifi l" ii 'l t hs f r d)ii»ui stiuly, h 1r i th1I) t tl)B tI) ll t s?i(>li))es»lll»l'ti ssl Il l st ilhllswi r?poio, 8hosw hIr t hv Ilti where .... .,.*·.t~.ss:-fas.nlar· >aP;ItA^'- the deed was done; lot him knoew it with your knowledge, and fear it with your ldrend. Tel'l him of tihe letter you burnt, and of the words no fire can destroy lwhich are living in your memory now. Let him see your mind as it was yesterday, when it roused your sinking faith in your own convictions, to look back on your lilf at sea, antil to cherish the comforting rnemembrance tliat in all your voyages you had never fidllen in with this ship. Let him son your mind as it is now, when the ship has got you at the turning point of your new life, at:the outset of your friendship with the one man of all mni whom yor 'fhtlher warned yon to avoid. Think of tiose death-bed words, and whisper.them in his ear, that hie may thinkl of them too: SHide yourself from him under an assumed name. Put tihe mountains and the seaon beo twoon you; be ungratefiul, be unforgiving; he all that is most repellent to your own gentler nature, rather than live under the same roof anidl breatlhe the same air with that man.'" So the tempter counselled. So, like a noisnmome exhalation from the fiatloher'e grave the fithler's influence rose and ipoisoneel the mintd of thie son. The sudden silence surprised Allan; ihe looked back- drowsily over his shodulder. ".Thioninkg again!" he exclaimed, with a weary yawn. MiidwintEr stopped out fiom the shadow and camoe neareor to Allan than hle had come yet. "Yes,' he said, "thinking of the past and the fituro8"'. "The past and the futureo?" repeated hAllan, shifting himself comfortably into a now tosition., "I?For my part I'm dumb about the past. It's a sore snliject withl me-the past means the loss of the doctor's boat. Let's talk about the fttire'. Ifave you been taking a practical view ? as dlear olt B3rock calls it. Hlve you beeno considering the next serious question that concerns us both when we got hack to the hotel-the question of breaklfast ?" Alter.an instant's hositation MIidwinte' took a step nearer. "I have been thinking of your future and mnine," hie said; "I have been thlinkling of the time when your way in life and my way in life will be two ways in stead of one." " Here's the daybreak ! " criod Allan.; " Look up at the masts; they're beginnin, to get clear again already. I beg your pardon.i What were you saying ?" Midwinter made no reply. The struoggle| hobetween the hereditary soeltistition that wos I ldriving him on andt the uncoiquerablo affec tion for Allan that was lholditg him back, suspended the next words on his lips. He turned asidtle his face in speechless snffering, "' Oh, my father! " hie thoughlt, "botter haive killed me on tlhat day when I lay on your bosomn than have let me live for this !" "What's that about the fituro?" iper disted Allan. "I was looking for the day light; [ didn't hear." Midwinter controlled himself and answered, "iyou have tireated me with your usual kind-' noes," he saidt, "in ilatidning to tike me with you to Thloripe-Ambiose. I think, on reflec tion, I lhad better not intrude myself where I am not known and not expected." HIis voice failteredtl antd he stopped tgain.. The more ihe shrank from it the clearer tihe pieture of the lhappy lifo that he was resigning'rose on his mind. Allan's thoughlts instantly reverted to the mystificlation about timhe new steward whiclhlhe had pmractised on his friend when they were consulting together in the cabin of tlhe yaclt. " as hIe beeoon turning it over in his mind ?" wondered Allan; "nnd is he beginning' at last to suspect the truth? I'll try him. Talk as much nonsense, my dear fellow, as you like," he rejoinet, "but don't forget that you are engaged to see me established' at T'lorpe-Ambhose anti to give me your dpiaion of the new steward." Midwinter suddenly stepped forward again close to Allan. "I am not talking about your steward or your estate," hie burst out passionately ; I am talking aboult myself. Do you heler? Myself l I am not a fit companion for you. You dtlon't Iknow who I am." lIe drew back into the shadowy shelter of the bulwark ias suddenly as ihe haIl come oirt from it.' " O God I 1 can't tell him," he said to himself in a whisper. For a moment, and for a moment only, Allan was surprised. " Not hiuow who you arte?" Even as hie repeated the words his easy g'oold-hlumour got the upper hand again. He took tp the whisky-flask, and shookl it significantly. "I say," ihe resumed, "how' much. of trhe doctor's medtlicine dlid you tiake while I tas up in the mizen- top? " The light tone whlichl he persisted in adopt ing, stng Midlwinter to the last pitch of exasp eration. Ie canme out again into the light and stampeil his foot angrily on the deck. ." Listen to mel" he said. " You don't Itnow half the low things I have done in my life-time. I nhave beehn a tradesmai's dirudgo; I have swept out tihe shopl and put upl the slhutters; I have carriled parcels through tim street, and waitedl for my master's money at his cus tomers' doors." " I have never done anything half as use ful," retourned Allan composedly. "Dear old bohy, what ai indust'ious fellowr you have been in veour time! " "I 've beoen a VRagRonD and a tUlacRKguanrt in my time," returned tie other fiercely; "I've been a street-tumbler, a tramp, a gipsy's boy!. I've sung for halfpence with dancing dogs on the high-road! I've worn a foot-boy's livery and waited at table I've ibeen a common sailor's cook and a starving fisherman's jack-of-all-trades! What has a gentleman in your poaition in common with a inn in mine ? Can yoen take me into the society at Thorpe- Ambrose ? Why, my very name would be a reproach to you. Fancy the fceLs of your now neighbours when their foot. men annotunce OQins Midwinter and Allan Armadale in the same breath!" Hio burst into a harsh laugh and repeated tlhe two names again, with a scorldnil bitterness of emphasis whioh iai teid pitilessly on tihe miuked oontrast between llinm. Snotethine in the minoil of his mlaughtet |irred Ipinfellhy evenl on Allrin's easy nllatlltr, Ifo railel hitnsolf in tll dluck aidl ispokl ainrlouly bipr tihe firt tinmis " A joku's a jilnk, lilidwlnorwI" he r' ,Il, "ai I l'Irl asi yol dolo't Ol'rry It too firi, I ruinumbelr yas't aiy' lisll's , 'thingi of hi e i inti a "oil to itii onI e llfolr, wlih Ir wnl tlli' irn i iof y ty it 8 i0 rit, all )I '»| l af it »l! world, Jl)il' IOl i Iii to Niisy «» aga I, Mldh I «* iintwII I'i11 no !II m Ilr eo iimise ? tlil w li a tty Y tlsU wwyi," Thlit waiy Isutip ifIti Simiplo as the wordls were, antd eimply as they hIcu bcen spoken, they. luppeared to work an instant revolution in Midwinter's mind. IIis imnpressiblo natuire recoiled as from some sudden shock. Witloit a word of reply Ihe walked away by himself to the forward part of the ship. HIe sat down on some ,iled planks botween the masts and passedl his hand over his head in a vacrint, bewildered way. Though his father's belief in titality was his own belief once moreo--thogh there was no longer' the shadow of doubt in his mind thiat the woman whom MrI. Brock lmil met in Somersetshiro nel the woman who had tried to destroy hlerselfin Lonedon, woere one and tihe snamo-thougl all the horror that mastered him when hlie first read the letter fr'om Wildl badl hadl now mastered him again, Allan's appeal to their past experience of each otlher hadl come to his heart with a force more irro sistible than the force of his superstition itself. In the strength of that very superstition he now sooght the pretext which mighlt encou rage hin to sacrifice every less generous feel ing to the one predominant dread of wosnd ing the sympatlhies of his firiend. "Why distress him ? " lie whispored to himself. " We are not at the endl here- thero is trhe woman behind us in tie dark. Why resist him when the mischief's d(one and the cantion comes too late? What is to be will be. What have I to do with the filture? and wvhat has hie?" 1oo went back to Allan, sat down by his sidelo antl took his hand. "Forgive me," lie saitl, goeatly; "I have hur't you nfor the last time." Befoore it was possible to reply ihe snatchedl p thire wlisky-tflsek friom the tleck. " Come ! " le exclaimedl, with a suddllen oftfrt to match hris friend's chlreerfulness; " yor have been trying the doctor's medicine, why shouldln't I? " Allm was deliglhted. "Thlis is sometling like a change for the better'," hIre saidl; "Miid winter is himself again. IIark! tlhereo are tire birds. I-Hail, smiling morn! smiling morn!l" I-Ie sang the wordls of thre gle in his oll cheerflill voice, andt clallpeul Midlwinrter on the shoulder in his old hearty wasy. " Iow dlid you l managr to clear yorr' headl of tlhoseo..conflnded mengrims? Do you know yor were qrito alarming aboute somrethling bappening to one or' other of us before we vero outof the ship?" "Sheer ironsense !", returned lMidwinter contemptuoasly. " I don't thlinkl my hiead has over been quito right since tlhat fever; I've got a bee in my bonnet, is tliey say in trhe north. Let's talk of something else. About those people you have let the cottage to ? I wonlder whetlher the agent's account of MIjor Miroy's funmily is to be depended on ? Thiere might ue another lady in thIe household besides hIris wife antd his langhtrer.' " Oho! " cried Allan, "you're beginning to think of nymphs among thie trees, anti flirtations in the fruit-earedn, ar' your? Another' lady-oelb? Supose the mlrjoi"s family circle won't supply anothlrer? We shrll have to spin that hlalf-crown ngain and toss ilp for sivbich is to have the first chance with Miss Milrov." Por- once Midwiinter spoke as lightly and carolesslyas Allan himself. "No, no," he said; "the majior's landlord has the first claim to thire notice of the major a danrghter. I'll retir'o into thre bnckgro'nd and wait for the next lady who makes hei appearannce at Thorpe-Ambrose." "Very good. ill have an address to the women of Norfolk posted in the park to that effect," soaid Allan.'."Ar yeou piarticlar to a shals about size or complexion? What's your favourite age? " Miidvwinter trifled with hris own superstition as a man trifles with the loadel gran that may kill him, or with tire savute animal that may maim. himn for life. II mentioneil the 'age (as he hadl reckonedl it himself) of tire woman in tire black gown andi the red Paisley shawl. "Five-and-tlrirty," he said.' As the words passeid iis lips hiis factitious spirits deserted' hiien. He left his seat, imn penetrably deaf to ill llari's'efforts nt rally. ing hiim on his extraordinary answer;, and resumed hiris restless pacing of th decck in dead silence. Once moreo, the Ihantiiting thouglht which had gone to and firo with him in the lionr of darktness, went to anrid fro with him now in the iour of dlaylijght. Once more tihe conviction possessed itself of iris mimnd that sometling was to'lhappen to Allan or to him. self before they left the wreck. Minute by minute tihe light strengthened in tie eastern sky; and the sardowy places on the decck of tire timber-sliip revealed tlheir barren ernmptiness under tboe eye of iday. As thire brieeza rose ag'in the sea began to. mur. mrrr wakefully in tire morning light. Even the cold bubbling of tile broker water changed its. oleerless note, andl softened on the earr as tire melbowing flood of daylight poureel warm over it from thire rising sun. Mlidwinter' paused near thire forrward.part.of thire shil,'and rdecalled hris vwintlering attention to the passing time. Tleo cheering influences of the hour were around hiin, look lwher e he might. 'lThe happy morning smile of thire summer sky, so brirhtly inerL:ciful to trhe oll and weaury earth, lavisred its all-enrbrrcing beauty even on the wreck ! Tie dow that lay glittering on the inland fields lay glittering on the leck; and thie worn and rusted rigging was gemmed as brightly as tire fi'esb rgreen leaves .on shore. Insensibly, hs ire looked rourind, Midwinter's thougrhts reverted to the cornr'ale wvho had shlared with him tire adventure of the night. lIe returnedl to thie after.part of tire ship andt spoke to Almn as he advanced. ' oReceivirng no answer hire anpreachedl the recumbent figure end looked closer at it. Left to his ownr re sources, Allan had let the fetigues of the night take tleir' own way with himr. His head had surrke back; lii hot had folien off; he lay stretched at full length on the deck of the tilmber-ship, deeply land peacefully asleep. Mirlwinter resumeri Iris walk; Iris mirtl lost in dlout; hris own ipaslt thougrts seeming sduhenly to lavo gr'own strIanige to him. how tlarkly hiris foreluodlings hIrd distrusted tihre coming timre--and low harmleslrrrr y that tire Irhad cornes I'le T rrr wIor mountirg in tl hehavens, thn horUn'r of rteleie was dirawling remrer anid norrot; ind of thu twor Armrdtles menluronred ih thuo IItrl shlrll, oeie was aleehllng awury the, wrll'y tuner, lnlld iro olher weIs lht ly wacnuyw ttlu gr'rwth of tbhe Irorrw driy, 'Jo an~un W be i hirerF ti hour were on, With Ithr Jtrt dnltrri 't of le wreoolk winch chili ejung to hlmt ~i dwhulw r ioorr' Inqrlrr Ingly on rlthi'r lhuri iii siglns o' rotnwitneug irurirsn hlfus, '?hu lurriu wno shill l'rrwly, 'Jir talorrwrri.,WutrIr1 uni wcrn soo?rn to ilr. 'r1? Uuniturrbfr rshimrrrYc Juu tien then far Uglr!h?gli Itbher)'jr Iui; I~ot YMEllUl Y su, is~`ri'r~ ·';.'.p . .~gfi(l* ~ RIi~L.....-) I + ...l . r^· ... . there might be a fisherman's boat within hail estern of them::. Absorbed for the moment by tihe now idea, he passedl Allan hastily, i'ter barely noticing tlhat he still lay aosleep. Oc stu mra would have lbrought him to thie tlfrlail--when that step was suspended by a sound behind him, a soend like a faint groan. IIe turned and looked at the sleeper on the deck. IIe knelt softly and looked closer. "It ihas come I" he wlhispered to himself. " Not to me-but to him." It lad come, in the bright freshness of the morning; it had come, in the mystery and terror of a dream. The face which Midtwin ter hadl last seen in Iperfect repose was now thle distorted face of a suffering man. The persplliration stood thick on Allan's forehead and matted his curling hair. His partially opened eyes shocwed nothing but the white of the eyeball gleaming blindly. His out etretched hands cratcohed and struggled on the deck. From moment to moment he moaned andt muittered helploessaely; bat the mords that eseaped him were lostin thie grind ing antil gnaslhing of his teetl. There he lay -so near in the body to thle friend who bent over him; so far away in the spirit, that the two might have beemi in different worlds there hie lay with the morning sunshine on his face, in tihe tortare of his dream. One question, and only one, rose in the mind of the man wlio wsas looking at him. What ihad the fiitality which had imprisoned him in the wreck decreed that he should see? Hisd tihe treachery of sleepl opened the gates of the grave to that one of the two Arm edales whom the other ihad kept in igno rance of the truth? Was the murder of the fathor revealirng itself to tihe son- there, on the very speot whlere the crimne had been com mitted-in the vision of a dream ? With that question over-slhadlowing all elso in his mind, the son of the hiomicidle knelt on the tleck, and looked at tihe son of the man whomi his falther's hand had slain. The conflict between the sleeping body and thle waking mintd was strengthening every moment. The dreamer's helpless groaning for deliverance grew loader; his hands raised tlhenselves and clutchedl at tile emlpty air. Stieggling withl tie all-mastering dreadl that still hoel him, Midwinter laid his hand gently on Allan's forehead. Light as tire touch was there were mysterious sympathios in the lreaming man that answered it. His groan irg ceased and his hands were dropped slowly. There was an instant of suspense, 111d Midwinter loolked closer. IHis breath just fluttered over the sleeper's face. Before tihe next breath had risen to lhis lips, Allan suldenly sprang np on his knees-sprang iup as if the call of a trumpet had rung on his ear, awake in an instant. "You have been dreaming," said Mid winter, as the otiheri looked at him wildly in the'first bewildtlerment of waking. Allan's eyes began to wander about the wreck--at first vacantly; then with a look of angry arprise. "Are we here still?" he aid, as Midwinter helped him to his feet. " Whalmtvr else I do on board tlhis infernal slhilp," ie altlddedl after a moment, "I won't go to sleep agein I" 'As hle said those words his friend's eyes soearched his face in silent inquiry. They took a tu'n togtther on tile deck. "Tell me your dream," said Mlidwinter, with a strange tone of susplicion in his voice and a strange appearance of abruptness in his manneir. '":I: can't tell it yet," returned Allan. " Wait a little till I'm my own man again." They took another turn on the deck. MIid ivinter stopped anid spoke once more. ,"Look at me for a moment Allan," he said. There wasesomething of the trouble left by the dream, and something of natural surprise at the strange request just addressed to him, in Allan's litcee, as he turned it full on the speaker; but no shadow of ill-will, no lurking lines of distrnst anywhlere. Midwinter turned aside quickly, andi hidii as hie best might an irrepressible outburst of relief. "Do I look a little upset?" asked Allan, taking his arm and leading him on again. " Don't mlake yourself nervous about me if I do. My head feels wild and giddy-but I shall iqon get over it. For the next few minutes they walked backwardls anti forwards in silence-the one bent on dismissing the terror of the dlream fromi his thoughts; the other bent on dis covering whut the terror of the dream might be. Relieved of the dread that hail oppressed it, the sluperstitious nature of Midwinter had leapt to its next conclusion at a bound. What if the sleeper had been visited by another revelation than the revelation of the Past? Wliat, if the dream lihnd opened these unturned pages in the book of the Future whlich told the story of his life to come ? The bare doubt that it mighat be so strengthened tenfoldi Mid winter's longings to penetrate the mystery shich Allnm's silence still kept ai secret from him. " Is your lend more composed ?" he asked. " Can yoe tell me your dream now?" VWhile le put ie qulestion, a last memorable moment in the adventure of ithe wreck was at hand. They had reached the stern and were just trrning again when Midisummer spoke. As Allan opened his lips to answer he looked mechanically to sea. Instead of replying he suddenly ran to the taffrail, and waved his hat over his headl with a sihoit of exultation. SMildwvinter joined him, and saw a large six otared boat.pulling straight for the clhaniel of tihe Sound. A figure, whlichi tihey both thought tlheoy recognised, rose eagerly in the stern-shleets andi returned the waving of Allan's hat. The boeat came nearer; the cteersiian called to themu cheerfully; and they reoegnisdtl the doctor's voice. lTtiiik Coid you're hoti shluiev swater " said Ir. Ilawbuiroy, as they iet in on tlhe deck of the tilmberlshiip. " Of aill thie wvinds of liaven, which wiod llew yea hel re " lie loloked at M itlwioitlr esl h iasedo the Inquiry-.hiut it wsis Allin who told him tie etory of the nigiht; anil Allinu wiho asked the lieto'r fbr inlorrnatione is retliin. The one Liaol'brng intereest i slihwiiter's iindii- thie Itterest of psltrsitihg ti, mytstr'y of the ujreetul.-kls it lim ilsent thriplihout, ]liod iese of ill t at wae citid or hlune ilisit ilm, hle WIlllted Alleti, thnd gulluwi.sl Allli, like e Jiolt, uIIlha t t1ii ,I thItiii riiisiii I.nlfottiisg hiiW/ lqittle ht lhlul, rIfh l . I huwlsr ulssislntual ity)'itiettiti tili bite cuet ismshy, les, hng liii v~r~y h~f1001'Wll t ui ;llm.,s,,ti 1, r es.u/u.iiii tel tl4 cll 1ttiitfr l tiist.ists leer'euii eyelett w,+t , hitM. teei ie tis iilet letti iu he took tihe boat's tiller and gave tl coars non tilloir order to push oil' roein the wreck. IHaving reserved all explatntions (tn hits side until thety were on their way back to Port St. Mary, Mr. llrawbory next addressed himself to tihe gratification of Allni's curiasity. Tihe ciroumsnatnces wlhich had broglht hin tos the roaesct of his two gulests of the previous evening wereo simnple enough. T'Ie lost boat bad bIeen mot with at sea by stome fislemteont of Port Erin, on tihe western idel of the island, whoi at once recogoisedl it as the doc tor's propeirty, and at once sent o messenger to makeo isqliry at the doctor's ihouse. T'le man's statemnent of what lnhad halppned lintd ontalrlly alarmed Mr. ]Hlawblry for thei saifety of Allan andt his friend. lie had immnediately secured tassistance; antd guided by tle boat men's advice, had made first fotr tit mostt dangerotus place on the coast-the only place, in tihat canlt weather, in which an cecident could halve hlppened to a bhot sailed bIy ex perienced men--tihe channel of tihe Sotund. After thus accounting for bis welcotme tIp pearanc on thie scon, the doctor haspitnlly insisted that hiis gosts of tlm evening altotti be thie guests of tle morning ias well. It wouldl still ibe too early when they got back for tie people at tihe hotel to receive tienm, and tlhey woulad find Itetl nd breakfast at Mr. Iawbrty's house. At the first pause in the conversation between Allan andt theo doctor, Midwinter- who inhadt neither jtoined in the talk nor listened to the talk--tonchdtl his friend on thie arm. "Are you better?" ]I asked in a wlhispcr. "Shall you soot bo compaosed enough to tell mone what I woant to ]tnow 1" Allan's eyecrows contracted itantiently; the satlject of time dream and ilidwilteir's obstinnacy int returniing to it seemedotl to Ibe alilke distastefil to him. lie Ihardly answered with his utiatl gooad htmour. " I cIp tose I shaill have no peace till I tell you," ihe saidl, "so i many as well get it over at onlce." "No l" returned ilidwinter, witm n look nt thie doctor and his onasmen. " Not vwhirn other pieooleo can hoar it-not till you and I ore alone." "If you wish to see tme last, gentlemen, of your quarters for tihe night," interposed tile dlnctor, "now is your time! tle coast will shut thie vessel out in a minuteo more." In silence on the one side and on tile other, the two Armndales lookedtl their last at the fiatal ship. Lonely and lost they lihad foundtl the wreck in tile mystery o thie summer night. Lonely and lost they left the wtreckc in the radiant boenuty of the sctinnter mnoruirg. An. hour laler the dioctor Ilntd seon Iris guests established in tltoir bed-rooms, atnd Idtl left lthom to teio their rest uttil the broekfast hour narrived. Almost as soon as hius Iackl was ttrned tihe doors of both rootts olpeed softly, andt Allan anti ]Iidtwioter met in thIo passatge. "Can "ott sleep aflter whttihs happened ? " askltedAllan. Ilidwinter shook his hoeadt. " You wsore coming to my room, wore yotu not? " he s:id. " Whihat for ?" " To askl you to koeep me comlpany. W?hV t wereyoa conoing to imy roomt fo r?". " T'o askl you to toll me your dreaonm." "D- the drenamo! I want to forget all about it." " Anti I watit to iknow nil about it." Both paused; Itoth rofrained instinctivcly fi'om ssaying more. For the first tinoe since the beogiinning of their friendshilp they weore on the verge of oa dinsagreement-and that on the stblect of the drenam. Allen's good temper Iust stoopped them on the brink. " no atire the most obltilnato follow alive," Ito soid; . " but if you will iktiow nil obotit it, you mtst know til ebout it I otuuisose. Caime into myroom nd il toll yot." HIe hd thle way and Mlidwinter fitlowed. The door closed and shut themn in togetlher. (To be eotinuted.) 