THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho Legislative Council sat for nearly a quarter of an hour yesterday, but the only business of in terest transacted consisted of tho giving, by Mr Murphy, of a notice of motion, calling the attention of the Officer Administering the Government to the uncollected duties on tea, sugar, opium and gold, nnd praying that steps might bo taken for their col lection. The Honse adjourned to Thursday next (to-morrow). Several hours were occupied in the Assembly, last night, in a further debate oa Mr Eraser's motion for a select committee to consider Mr Pierce -J. Wil liams's claims against tho Crown. The Government opposed the motion, as being an appeal from a decision of tho Supreme Court, and there fore not properly within tho functions -of tho House. Many of their supporters however, earnestly sup ported Mr Frazer, and with tho help -of the Oppo sition the motion was carried by 24 to 30. Several members who took part in tho debate censured the opponents of the proposition, for, as they said, in troducing political feelings into the discussion, a chargo for which thero was not the Bl-ightest founda tion. It is a curious fact, however, that with ithe single exception of Mr Grr, who throughout strongly opposed the motion, every single member ?of the Opposition present voted against the Govern ment. This shows a very remarkable and delight ful unanimity of feeling among the hon. mem bars of the minority, and cannot of course be in the slightest degreo attributed to mere party spirit. It looked very like it, but appearances, and tho appearances of the Opposition especially, are rery deceitful. Some of tho additional esti matcc 'for tho year wero afterwards agreed to in committee. The votes for the Board of Agri culture and the Acclimatisation Society were also agreed ;to, on an undertaking by Mr Yerdon that full opportunity should be given, on the report being presented next day, for discussion oa the subject. The estimated aro now all passed. Undec date 26th March, it has been communicated to Messrs William Clarke and Sans, by Mr 2i. C. Burstall, the promoter of the direct line of steam ships vis, tho Cape of Good Hope, that ho has secured nearly sufficient capital to build two vessels, the building -of which will be shortly commenced. It is Mr Bats tail's intention shortly to visit the Australian colonics iu tho interests of his com pany. In order to render the illustration of the mineral resources of the colony of Victoria as complete as possible at the forthcoming Exhibition, tho depart ment of Mines has, as we are informed, given pro mise of its practical aid in the matter ; and to render the collection of greater value, the secretary of the department, Mr Ii. B. Smyth, has promised to compile an explanatory catalogue. We may obsorve, in reference to this Eubject, that the gentleman j ast named, a3 also tho other able contributors of tho series of 03says published in 1861 for the then ex hibition, have kindly consented to furnish another series for 1S66, bringing down their observations to the present period. A supplement to last night's Government Gazette contains a code of regulations aud standing orders for the Victorian volunteer force. A deputation from Yea, consisting of Messrs Webster, James and Crosby, was introduced to the hon. tho Commissioner of Roads ? and Bridges, yesterday, by Mr Snodgrass, M.L A., and drew attention to the present state of the roads between Broadford and Yea. Mr Sullivan promised to see to the locality without delay. A deputation, consisting of Blr Dyte, M.L. A., and other gentlemen, had an interview with the hon. tho Treasurer, yesterday, and preferred aolaim for a participation in the distribution of the addi tional vote iu aid of charitable institutions, sanc tioned by- tho House, on behalf of the B.illaarat District Orphan Asylum. They alleged that to place that institution on a proper footing woul'd be a relief to the Government, by withdrawing from tho industrial schools such children as might be made a special charge upon that asylum. Mr Verdon undertook to consider tho Eiatter when making tho distribution of the vote. Tho council of tha Acclimatisation Society met a3 usual, yesterday. Present, Dr. Mueller, Pro fessor M'Coy, Colonel Champ, Mr F. S. Dobson, aud Mr A. Parchas. A letter wa? read from Dr. Officer, giving full details of all connected with tho salmon ova. Dr. Officer concludes by saying, ' The loss of all tho bro*n trout is of little importance. I believe that in the course of the present winter we shall derive an ample supply from our own fish.' Votes of thanks were passed by the council to Com mander Norman, Captain Charleton, Messrs J. A Yonl, Edward Wilson, Robert Ramsbottom, Wertall Ramsbottom, Thomas Johnson, and — Miller, for the aid which they havo rendered to tho society in so successfully introducing tho ova. A letter was readifrom Major Michael, of Madras, saying he had sent down three pairs of jungle fowls to the society. Tho secretary reported that ono pair had arrived by tho mail steamer, the others having parisbed on tho voyage. The superintendent re ported tho birth oi a Sambur fawn and an Angora ewe. A rumor of a very painful nature has been in o'rcalation at Geelong for the last few days, involving the moral conduct of a leading minister of a prominent persuasion there — himself a married man — and the wife of one of his congregation. A meeting of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural Society was held, yesterday, to con sider the financial position of that body. A state ment was laid before them by tho secretary, which showed that the liabilities were about £SOO. A very animated disenssion ensued, and, ultimately, a eommitteo was appointed to draw up an amended balance sheet and a report as to the best means of carrying on the society moro economically in future. In the county court, yesterday, Mrs Meara claimed £2 2s each in two eases in which sisters of the name of Healey had been removed from her school without the proper three mouths' notice having been given. Mr Newton was for the plain tiff aud Mr Bindon for the defendant. His Honor allowed the claim, with costs. The Rev. J. Stanly Low is announced to preach thij evening at St. Philip's Church, Hoddle-street, in aid of the fundB of the Benevolent Asylum, where ?415 poor old people are fed, clothed, and comfort ably housed. The number admitted during last year was 229, and 542 were refused for want of room. The annual cost of the institution is £12.93-1 ii 5d. There was very little business disposed of at tho city police court, yesterday. Tho woman, Susan Patterson, residing in Rus3ell- street, who had been remanded on the charge of having no lawful visible means of support, was brought up, charged with being the keoper of a house frequented by dis orderly persons. It will be remembered that on a previous occasion tho prisoner was accused of having harbored young girls at her house for im moral purposes. The court consented to postpone the further hearing of tho case till Thursday, to secure tho attendance of the prisoner's solicitor. ?James Gorman pleaded guilty of stealing a quantity of raisin3 from tho shop of Mr M'Bean, grocer, Cardigan-street, and was sent to gaol for two mcnths. At tho Williamstown police court, yesterday, be fore Messrs Call, Mason and Williams, Mr Wilkins, surgeon, brought an action of ejectment against Martin Cantwell. In this case it trans- pired that Cantwell held the premises known as the Royal Hotel on a lease of two years, which term expired on the 2nd of the present month. Notice, according to the requirement of the act, had been given him, and as he had not given up possession, this action was brought. Mr Pentland appeared for the complainant, and Mr Burke for the defend- ant. The latter gentleman occupied the time of the court to a considerable extent, raising technical ob- jections, which, however, were overruled by the bench as insignificant. An order for ejectment was made, to be carried into effect on Tuesday next. Mr Burke said he should bring the matter before a higher court. William Mackrell was lined 2s 6d, and 7s 61 costs, for allowing his cow to wander. Patrick Degan, for allowing his chimney to catch fire, was lined 53, and 10s costs ; and Robert Cox, for not complying with a previous decision of the court, was ordered to be imprisoned for fourteen days. John M'Gregor was sued for 7s, rent due to George Brownrigg, and ordered to pay the sum claimed, together with 10s costs. A number of persons from the Wyndham district were fined 5s, and 10s costs, for having in their possession un- registered dogs.' The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court for the present month commenced, yesterday, in the new court house, before his Honor Mr Justice Barry. Thursday was fixed as the day on which Mr Beaney'a trial should be commenced. Emma Harris was found guilty of stealing from the person, and remanded for sentence. A Maori named John Baptist was found guilty of unlawfully wounding another Maori, named Henry Putini, on the 23rd of April last, and sentenced to one month's im- prisonment. Thomas Price was informed against for having, on the 23rd April last, stolen a sum of money and a nugget from the person of a woman named Charlotte Harrington. Richard Toms, the landlord of the Coventry and Birmingham Hotel, was accused of receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen. The prisoners were found guilty. Price was sentenced to seven years' hard labor on the roads, and Toms to three years. The court then adjourned till this morning at ten o'clock. The head-quarters band will perform, this after- noon, from three to five o'clock, at the Botanical Gardens. Tae following is the programme : — Grand March, W. C. Fisher; quadrille, 'Linda,' D'Albert ; selection, ' Bohemian Girl, ' Balfe ; overture, 'Exhibition,' Auber ; waltz, 'First Love,' Farmer; selection, ' Traviata,' Verdi; gallop, ' Field-Day, ' Siede. The magistrates officiating at the East Colling- wood police court, yesterday, were Messrs Cope, Templeton, and Fawkner. Catherine Hayes, James Waterhouse, and Mary Ann Williams, charged as vigrants, were each sent to gaol for one month, with hard labor. Thomas Denning was accused with having stabbed, with intent to kill, Patrick Connell. It appeared that a row took place between the parties at some public-house in Collingwood, and the accused stabbed the prosecutor with a table-fork. The further hearing of the case was postponed till a future court day, for additional evidence. Mary Daly and May Smith, charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct, were each fined 5s, with the alternative of twenty-four hours' imprisonment. A charge of assault was brought by Andrew Martin and wifee, against Timothy Mahoney and his sons (Michael and Ed- ward.) It appeared that the affair took place at the Wattle-tree Hotel, some days ago. Michael and Edward Mahoney were discharged, but their father was ordered to pay a fine of 20s, with 40s costs, or in default to be imprisoned for fourteen days. A cross summons had been taken on by Mahoney against Martin, but it was withdrawn. There was no business of public interest trans- acted at the St. Kilda police court, yesterday. Several persons were fined for having unregistered dogs in their possession. In the case of T. Perry, who declined to pay a fine of 5s and 5s costs, the bench ordered the amount to be recovered by dis- tress warrant, and, in default, seven days' imprison- ment. Messrs Ford and Tullett were upon the bench. We take the following from yesterday's Ballaarat Star : — 'Old Ballaaratians will remember Mr Hasle- ham, who, in the early days of Ballaarat, was corre- spondent for the Melbourne Herald, and a writer for other colonial journals ; and who, during the Eureka stockade affair, received a wound in the arm from a stray bullet at that encounter. It will be remembered, also, that it was reported here (and if we mistake not, as from an English paper) that Mr Hasleham had died shortly after his return lo Eng- land, after undergoing an operation for the extrac- tion of the ball from his arm. The subjoined ex- tract from a letter just received from Manchester, by a member of the Star staff, will, however, show that Mr Hasleham is, probably, still living. We should premise that the writer of the letter had, in a previous letter, stated that he had seen Mr Hasleham, and in reply to that statement the mem- ber of our staff referred to had paid his correspondent must have sees Mr Hasleham's ghost, as that gentle- man was dead. The extract is as follows :—' I was so convinced that I was right that I resolved to speak to his ghostship the first opportunity. My ceurage failed me on several occasions. At length (I believe it was in August, 1864) I met it coming out of the Examiner and Times office. Recovering my breath, I touched it on the arm. It turned round, and I said, ' I think I have seen you before.' Ghost — ? Yery likely.' I—' Were you ever at Ballaarat?' Ghost — ' Yes.' I—' Your name is Hasleham ?' Ghost — ' Yes.' I — ' I don't know that I ever spoke to you before, but I knew you through being with Mr Levey, of the Herald.' Ghost — ' Oh yes, I know Mr Levey ; he is now on the Argus (?)' I then told it how often I had seen it ; that I had written to you. Did he know you ?' Ghost — ' Oh yes, a * * on the Star.' I related your answer, and when I mentioned that, in undergoing the opera- tion, he sank under it, the ghost looked rather grave, but said, ' No, not quite so bad as that.' A few commonplaces ended our interview, and it vanished round one corner, and I round another. Now, what must I think? Is it all an illusion, or is the laugh against you, instead of against me ? At any rate, hero Hasloham is alive, and apparently well. I saw him yesterday going from town, book in hand, with that peculiar twist in his walk.' The familiars of Mr Hasleham will not be at a loss to recognise the description of ' book in hand' and the 'peculiar twist in his walk.' It is hardly necessary for us to add that we are glad to hear of his sur- vival, both of the operation and of the ugly report, and trust he may live a long while to refute so very unwelcome a rumor.' The sixteenth anniversary tea meeting in con- nection with the Lonsdale-street Congregational Church took place, last evening, in the chapel. After tea a public meeting was held, at which the Rev. Mr Odell presided. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. A. M. Henderson, who spoke at great length upon the necessity of earnest effort on the part of ministers to counteract the spread of infi- delity and atheism ; and by the Rev. Messrs Fielden, Kininmont and Robertson. A collection was made at the close of the proceedings on behalf of the church funds. The attendance was numerous. The Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company have received, by last mail, the specification of their new steamer, now in course of construction by Messrs Lawrie, of Glasgow, under the supervision of Cap- tain Patrick. The new vessel is 145 feet long be- tween the perpendiculars, 22 feet beam, and 8 feet deep. The engines are by Blackwood and Gordon, and will be two oscillating engines of 40-horse power each, fitted with feathering floats, and all the latest improvemements. The paddles will reverse, making the vessel very handy in crossing the Lakes bar ; the guaranteed speed, is eleven knots ; she will carry 140 tons on 5 feet, with four days' coal on board. There is accommodation in the cabin for 28, and in the steerage for 50 passengers. The cabin will be on the poop, and will include ladies' saloon and state rooms. The vessel was expected to leave England about 15th July. The following singular case is reported by the Daily Telegraph, as having come before the Thames police court, London, on the 17th March : — 'Eliza- beth Gitliff, a native of Australia, who appeared to be very ill and poor, and was laboring under great trepidation and anxiety, came before Mr Paget and related an extraordinary narrative, of the truth of which there could be no doubt. Her husband died a few years ago on his return from the gold diggings, leaving her with two young children, both girls, with whom she was living in Melbourne until the early part of 1863, when severe illness compelled her to go into the hospital. She left her children in the care of George Brown, an engineer, and his wife, of Little, Collins-street, Melbourne. Brown worked on board steamboats, and his wife was her cousin. While she was in the hospital they sent her a letter, and no answer being returned, they took it for granted that she was dead, and went to the diggings, taking the children with them. Di- rectly she was restored to health she followed the Browns and her children to the diggings, but could not meet with them. She returned to Melbourne, heart sick, wearied and disappointed, and in great distress, where she was informed that the Browns had gone to England and taken the children with them. A subscription was raised, and sufficient money col- lected to send her to England. She arrived at Liverpool at Christmas, and travelled to London. She could hear nothing of her children or the Browns, and her resources were now entirely ex- hausted. She had lived by raising money on her property for the last six weeks, and put in the duplicates relating to it in confirmation of her state ment., She also handed to the magistrate certifi- cates in verification of her story. She wanted lo return to Melbourne, and had not the means of doing so. Mr Paget said that it was a distressing case, aud that he would cause inquiries to be made, and see what could be done.' The Supreme Court, last Monday, delivered judg- ments relative to the applications of Messrs H. V. Daigan and W. J. Gilchrist lo be admitted to practise as barristers. Mr Daigan's preliminary certificate, it appeared, had been signed by only two, instead of three, persons, as required by the rules of the Supreme Court, and for that reason had been objected to by the board of examiners. The explanations made as to how that oversight arose proved satisfactory, and the objections were withdrawn. The court directed Mr Daigan to amend his certificate by procuring a third signature, and to file it nunc pro tunc, and that, on submitting the final certificate of the board, he would be admitted. The court stated that this case was not to be construed as a precedent for departure from the strict observance of the rules. Mr Gilchrist's application had been postponed, as it appeared from his affidavit that he had been employed by Government as electoral registrar. The court, having expressed its approval of the course pursued by Mr Gilchrist in stating that circumstance, directed him to be admitted. The oft-discussed question between the Bunin- yong shire council and the Bungaree road board respecting their several claims to the neutral terri- tory which, owing to the laches of some surveyor in the Roads and Bridges department, lies between the two districts, but is rateable to neither, was again the subject of consideration before the hon. the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, yesterday. What the Bungaree road board have hitherto failed to accomplish by legitimate action was sought to be effected by subterfuge, as the pro- ceedings yesterday showed. The Burigaree road board was represented by Mr H. Clarke, and the Buninyong shire council by Messrs Backhaus, Innes, Hockin and the secretary, Mr Clarke ; Messrs Frazer, Davies and Henty, M.L.A., and Messrs M'Crae and Jenner, M.L.C., were also pre- sent. The Bungaree road board, having conceived the idea of erecting themselves into a shire, but not having a sufficient extent of land as required by the act, made application for a slice of the neutral ground to make up the deficiency. As the consent of the Buninyong shire council was necessary, they were present to assent or veto the proposition as might seem best. The Bungaree deputation re- presented that they had 88½ miles of territory, and only asked an additional 14½ miles to make up the required area, namely, 103 miles, which would justify the district being proclaimed a shire. The request seemed a very natural one, and, the Buninyong deputation agreeing to this, both parties were requested fo retire and arrange the boundaries. The bona fides of the arrangement was not for a moment doubted by the Commissioner, but, after a brief absence, it was reported that the compromise could not be accepted on the part of the Baninyong shire council, as it had been discovered that the Bungaree road board had taken possession of some 40 miles of the disputed ground which they claimed as within their road board, and had coolly asked to be put in possession of 14½ miles additional. It was also stated that the Bungaree road board had taken active steps to secure possession, and had erected a toll gate, and, were levying tolls, and had rendered it necessary that legal proceedings should be taken to eject them. Mr Sullivan said that, under the circum- stances, it was a waste of time to come to him, and he regretted the action taken by the Bungaree road board. The deputation accordingly with- drew. The Geelong Register thus speaks of the pro- gress of the Pivot: — ' Building operations are now being carried.on extensively in almost every part of Geelong. Houses of a more substantial nature than those constructed of weatherboards are being erected, and complaints are made by the builders ol a scarcity of artisans to carry on the works. Car- penters, bricklayers, plasterers, painters, and others connected with the building trade, all find ample employment, the only exception being to masons, whose labor is not so much called into requisition. This is an evidence of the growing prosperity of Geelong. Slow it has been, undoubtedly, but it has progressed surely. The demand for a better class of houses has, for some time past, been too great for the supply. The conscquence is that rents have increased in proportion, and hence the speculations in building to meet the increased de- mand." The Colac correspondent of the Geelong. Adver- tiser reports that road contractors are experiencing great difficulty in getting men. Draymen can get 7s per day, and stonebreakers the highest prices per cubic yard. Tho same writer also states that, on Sunday, rain was general throughout the district. A preliminary meeting of gentlemen interested in securing the return of Mr A. K. Smith as repre- sentative of Latrobe Ward, in tho city couucil, was held, last evening, at tho Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke street. The business was entirely of a formal nature, and consisted in making the necessary arrangements for the forthcoming election. The Attorney- General's attention was, last night, called to the recent outrages upon young women and girls at Ballaarat, in Melbourne and elsewhere ; and he was asked if any amendment in the law was intended which would make it easier to bring the offenders to prompt aud effectual punishment. Mr Higinbotham thought that the existing law was sufficient for the purpose, if it were stringently enforced, but the Government would consider if any amendment of the law was necessary or desir- able. 