ST. STEPHENS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, IPSWICH. THE new Presbyterian Church, Ipswich, was opened for Divine worship on Sunday last, by the Rev. W.L. Nelson, Moderator of the Queensland Church, who conducted the morn- ing service, and read the dedication prayer, which was very beautiful and impressive. A very eloquent sermon was also delivered by the same gentleman, who chose for his text the 17th verse of the 14th chapter of St. Paul to the Ro mans—" For tho kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but justice, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." The organ was well played by Mr. Blow, and the singing excellent, and a xery great improvement on what it was for merly. The evening services were conducted by the Rev. M. M'Gavin, who also preached a very impressive sermon from the last clause of the 7th veiee of the 60th chapter of Isaiah—"And I will glorify the house of my glory." The church, when lighted up as it was on Sunday night by numerous lamps, presents a very im- posing appearance. The mu»ic and singing in the evening was also very good. The place dar ing both services was crowded, and we presume a rery handsome collection was made. The new church has been built on the same grounds and partly over the same site on which the old church stood. When it was resolved that a new edifice should be erected, it was not long until the attire members of the church had inaugurated the necessary working committee; and after receiving designs from local and Brisbane architects, that of Mr. J. Backhouse, architect and town surveyor of Ipswich, was accepted. The style of the building is plain Gothic. It is built with freeatone foundations and base ; the walls of 18 inch brickwork, 21 feet high, aud having Portland cement dressings to angles, openings, copings, and tower. The roof is open-timbered and slate-covered, the main timbers coming down with cut knees on to internal corbels. The interior is plastered in imitation of stone, and is lined 4 feet up the sides with cedar dado, plinth, and capping. The tower at the western end faces the town, the ground rising from it to the east end of the church. The base of the tower is nineteen leet square, on solid stone-work rising eight feet, surmounted with brick-work, in arched openings, carrying the organ-loft, above which is the belfry, in which is hung a bell — the largest and best-toned in Queensland —pre- sented to the church by the Hon. A. Macalister. Above the brickwork of the tower, which is elevated some sixty feet from the ground, a graceful spire, lead-covered and with gilt vane finial, rises to a further height of sixty-two feet, making a total height of 122 feet. The vestry is at the east end of the building, opening into the main body of the church on either side of the pulpit. The approaches are by a flight of ten stone steps eight feet wide up to the tower entry, and there are similar steps to the two side porches. The fittings of the interior are of cedar throughout, the seats having solid Oothio headed ends and open backs. The lobby'entry is formed with Oothio headed panel work and swing folding- doors, with ornamental perforated fan-lights; and over the lobby is constructed an organ-gallery, approached by a staircase in the body of the lobby. The gallery front is built with massive moulded and Gothic panel work and perforated spandrels ;. the front also having ornamental standards, rods, and curtains, above which rises the organ—a handsome in strument, in both strength and tone well adapted to the edifice. The] lighting of the church is effected—in addition to the stand and bracket lights—by eight chandeliers, of chaste and appropriate design, selected in Sydney by Mr. M'lntosh. The windows of the church are yet incom plete. It was originally designed to glaze them with common glass, but an offer having been made by the late minister of the church, G. M. Seed, Esq., to furnish stained glass, an altera tion was necessary, and the glass being ordered from England the required arrangements are made for a new system of lights and patent ventilation, also for a wheel window in the east gable. The whole cost of this alteration will be about £200. . The church has been built front the plan of Mr. Backhouse, and under his superintendence, by Messrs. Farley, Benny, and M'Hugh, builders. The size of the church is eighty by forty, and the total cost about £3200. On yesterday evening a soiree, in commemora tion of the event, took place in the School of Arts, and passed off pleasantly, though the arrangements could have been much better than they were. At about 7 o'clock upwards of 300 persons, principally children, sat down to tables which were covered with fruit and edibles of various kinds, which quickly disappeared. The Bey. W. L. Nelson occupied the chair, and on the platform were several rer. gentlemen and others. The rev. chairman, after a hymn had been sung, delivered an address congratulating the congregation on the completion of the sacred edifice, the opening of which they were commemorating, and which was far ahead of any ecclesiastical building in Queensland. It was a true Presbyterian building, plain, simple, and yet substantial. From what he had seen during his stay here, he believed that the debt at present on the building, though it might be considerable, would with a little exertion be speedily wiped away. He called on Mr. Cock burn, who read a report, showing a balance in hand of £64 If. 6d. The Bey. M. M'Gavin said he had a duty assigned to him which he had great pleasure in performing. It was to move the adoption of the report. He agreed with Dr. Nelson that the church was the neatest, most commodious, and substantial iv the colony, and in fact all the colonies. He congratulated the congrega tion and the pastor of the church on its comple tion, and concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. Smith seconded the motion, and said it was a matter for great sorrow to the congrega tion that their rev. pastor was unable to attend at the opening of the church or at that meeting through illness. It was to be hoped that ere long the Almighty God would be pleased to re store him to good health. Another matter for regret was the debt on the church, but that was not so very dark a cloud; the bright eyes of the ladies were irresistible in collecting money, and he trusted that the bazaar which would take place in June next would be a means of clearing off the whole debt, or at least raising such a sum that the committee of management could easily manage the rest. He thanked the meet ing for the hearing which they had given him, a stranger amongst them, and had great pleasure in seconding the adoption of the report. The report was unanimously adopted. The Bey. Mr. Ogg, of Brisbane, then de livered a lengthy address, in the course of which he said he was now quite ashamed of the humpies they have in Brisbane, after visiting the splendid church tkey had erected in Ips wich. He sincerely regretted the illness of the pastor of the church, but he was happy to hear that he was likely soon to be again in a good state of health, and able to return to his arduous duties. No doubt bis ailment was that of being broken down by over exertion in the labor of the Gospel. The rev. gentleman then referred to the missions to the Islands of Polynesia, and explained at length the formation of the Coral Islands, especially the New Hebrides. He strongly recommended that children should, in Ipswich, collect for the Foreign Missions. He concluded by praying that God would shortly restore the much respected pastor of the church to his congregation. ,The Bey. Mr. Caldwell explained the pre sent state of Presbyterianism in Queensland, and stated that there are at present twelve con gregations iv connection with the Church in the colony, and two of these are without pastors, namely, those of Warwick and Mary borough. During the year there had been five new ministers added to the Church, and five new congregations had been raised at Spring sure, Gladstone, Dalby, Roma, and that of Fortitude Valley, Oxley, and the Bald Hills, the latter being under his own control. The addition to the Chtfreh had been upwards of 61 perWnt., for which there was reason to be thankful to the Creator. The supply of ministers was quite inadequate for the work re quired to be done in the cause. Half of the Presbyterians were without any religious pastor, for it was impossible for thirteen ministers to attend to the wants of upwards of 12,000 persons connected with the Church at present in the colony. In order to supply the inadequacy, application had been made to the home Church, and an answer was received stating that money would be for warded to assist the mission, and that two ministers would be forwarded, who would re ceive £30 per year from the home funds for the first three years of their labors in the colony. He exhorted the meeting to come forward liberally and make some provision for those who are now spiritually unprovided for in the colony. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. Love delivered a long and spirited address in defence of the principles of Presbyterianism, and in refutation of charges against it which were groundless. He reviewed the Church from its foundation to the present day, and exhorted all to true Christian feeling. He was followed by the Bey. M. M'Gavin, on the subject of Church musio, the report of which will appear in our next issue. Other speakers then addressed the meeting, which concluded with the doxology and the benediction at about half-past 10 o'clock.— Q*ee»*laud Time*, April 10. 