TOWN TALK. What are we to tell our readers has been "TownTalk" during the past weekP If wc don't come out with something piqwante they'll say, " How stupid ' Town Talk' is;" aud, if we omit the item, laziness, or carelessness, or some other " ncss," will be laid to our charge. Well, we'll cudgcl our editorial brains and recollections, and see what topics we can collate from the generally " stale, flat, aud unprofitable" (Woe, that we shoull have to write the last word!) style of converse that the week has' brought forth.—Place aux dames. Gorgeous placards announced that "Edith Faimerston was coming." Bat Edith Palmerston didn't come; and, what is worse, nobody knows why she came not. It is true we had the glorious rain, which may have interfered with her movements ; but, surely, in these days, when a telegram may be sent from almost any-one-where to any-other-where, she might have " done a wire," to obviate the suspicion of that discour tesy towards us which our Gundagai neighbours lay to her charge in respect of themselves. She would have met a ready wclcome here, which we fear her future advent among us may not now produce.—To go from gay to graved We regret that the scarlatina has still 'to be talked about. We had hoped that .the change of weather would have removed jhii ^piciof conversation, except as a thing of the past; but the disease, which has proved jsuch a pepurge to our infantile population, is still, amongstus. If our worthy doctor will not think we are trespassing on his fuuetiona, we' would tell our neighbours the desirabilityAof great care during the stage of convalescence.—The " Blue Store" corner has drawn vtogether a goodly knot both of our townspeople and 4>ther£ during some days of the week, in.attendance upon Mr. Matthews' sale. In commercial language, we hear the prices realised spoken of as evincing a " tight- ness in the money-market.''—-Tuesday was the last d^^for'filing cases^ for our next District Courj^Vhich opons 6n' : Monday week. There wiU be oaly a few'causes; but one for malicions prosedfition, and bne for libel, will, probably, bo& enable tiie '' ^entlemen of the long robe" whojaiay be'present to exhibit their oratorical powers, and enlighten the community on one or |fcwo; subjects, ;1iitherto matters of conjecture only.—Thursday morning ushered in a day of seal " Queen's weather," to greet Her Most Gracious^Majesty's forty-seventh Birthday. NeveytiOwever, was the day so little marked ojijtorrangong. The banks alone were closed, ailwher places of business being open; and, Aeyond-a "dropping-fire" from some few guns and revolvers during the day, and the discliarge of some fireworks in the evening, thwdisplay of loyalty was at zero. Wo say the "display/' because we are sure that, in real feeling, our district can vie with any other in loyalty tola sovereign who has played so bright a part in the Old Country's annals, and we all heartily chorus " God save the Queen!" At Burrangong- (Mr. Musgrave's Hotel) there were some races, which a goodly number of our townspeople went out to witness, and they " talk" of a pleasant day's amusement.' We know of no other sports being carried, os. An attempt was made to get up a crioket match, but the. requisite number of "knights of the willow" could not be found. Poor -cricket, once so muc]hibe subjeot of " Town .Talk," has sadly declined amongst us. There has imt been one match through the season, and we* hear that, during the week, the club materials were seized and sold for rent due by a former member, who lias left the district, and in whose premises they had unfortunately been left; Doubtless, however, the purchaser would restore them on being reimbursed his outlay.— Other " talk" has been of the expected visit of our members, the Hon. James Martin and Mr. Rodd. When they arrive we hope the residents of our district will come forward and boldly tell our wants. Generally speaking—in so faT as newspaper reports show—the visit of a member to a constituency, more especially, too, that of a minister, seems to be only taken advantage of as au opportunity for some personal ovation. This may be his due, and we like to see " virtue rewarded." But much may be done by "a word spoken in season," and what season can be so good as that when the man whom we think can help us is amongst us, and we can on the spot point out and convince him of the reasonableness of our requests and the justness of our causes of grievance. DEATH OF DB. WILKINSON.—It is with feelings of regret wc announce through the AUwry Banner the death of an old resident of Young (Dr. Wilkinson), who died on Friday, the 11th instant, at Sale, Gipps Land, whither he had gone in the hope of establishing himself in his practice. Dr. Wilkinson was surgeon to the Burrangong Hospital, and was much respected by the residents of this town. An attack of colonial fever waB tbe ultimate cause of his death. A widow and young family unprovided for mourn his loss. MB. JAMES HODD.—This gentleman will arrive in Young this evening, and will address the electors at the Albion Hotel on Monday evening next. THE WEATHEB. — Generally speaking, the weather during the past week has been fine; for, although the mornings and evenings have been rather chilly, the forenoons and afternoons have been warm and sunny. The late rains have completely changed the appearance of the country about Young. POST-OFFICE IBBEGULAMTIES—'The irregularities of the Post-office have became so notorious that no one has any confidence in the safe delivery of letters or parcels posted. It is impossible, under the present system, to trace anything posted which has to pass through a second post-office, and when letters go astray the better way seems to be to say nothing about "them, as to pursue any other course only gives annoyance and trouble for no purpose. We give the following as two instances:—We have now at this oilicc an envelope bearing the Sydney post-mark 15th May, 1866, and the Young post-mark 19th May. This letter, as will be seen, was posted on a Tuesday, and should have arrived here ou Thursday, the 17th. It was important that we should have received the letter on Thursday, because it contained matter for publication; but. by its not arriving here till the 19th, it was too late and worthless. It cannot be alleged that the letter was posted in Sydney after office hours, for, if that had been the case, it would not have had the postmark on it. Case No. 2 is as follows :—A packet of pamphlets were posted to our address from the Caxton Printing Office, in Sydney, but never came to hand. The proprietor of this paper wrote to the Postmaster-General concerning tbe matter, and received- the following extraordinary reply :—" General Post-Office, Sydney, 15th May, 1866, Sir,—Replying to your letter of ,the 4th instant, relative to the miscarriage of certain pamphlets, stated to have been posted from the Caxton Printing Office to your address, enquiry has been made at that establishuicnt, and -the impression is that the packut of pamphlets was posted; but I can find nothing to corroborate this, as these pamphlets are not now in this office, owing to any irregu larity of posting or otherwise, and I know of no reason why they tlicy should not have been received, if sent.—I am, Sir, our obedient servant, S. HOSPITAL MEETIKG—A committee meeting was held on Wednesday, May 23rd. Present: Mr. W. H. Iialloran (in the chair), Messrs. Wright, Shadforth, Fletcher, snd Storm or. The meeting was convened for tho purpose of opening tenders for the re-roofing of a portion of the hospital building. It was proposed by Mr. William Fletcher, seconded by Mr. H. A. Wright, that the tender of Messrs. Leeder and Co. be accepted for rc-shingling the skillion of the hospital building. Carried. The Secretary was requested to intimate to the tenderers (Messrs. Leeder and Co.) the acceptance of the tender, and to request them to proceed with the work as. quickly as possible. IMPBOVED LANDS.—The applications of the undermentioned persons to purchase improved lands have been approved of, subject to the purchase-money being forwarded to the Treasury within three months from the date of publication of notice in the Government Gazette. The amounts annexed to each name in this list is the appraised value, inclusive of deed fee:—N. H. Eager, on behalf of the trustees of the Congregational Church at Young, £5; A. H. M'Arthur, £5; Bernard Quinn, £6 ; Jacob Myers, £5; William Fletcher and Donald Manson, £11; Henry Sippel, £6; Jonathan Hall, £4; Barnet Phillips, £4. UNCLAIMED LETTEBB HETCBKKD TO SYDNEY FBOM THE COUNTBT.—Parties applying for any of tho undermentioned letters must send the date and number of the list, whether a ship or colonial letter, and the number ofthe same. Applications must be sent to the>GeneraI Post- Office, Sydney, No. of list, 8; date, 15th April, 1866:—Ship Letto*. 43}, Butt J T:, Burrowa; 22, Dunn, E. C., Kiandra; 8, Gilbert, E. B., Burrangong; 13, Henry David, Lambing Flat; 11, Kiev - Oscar, - Lambing Flat ; 2, Quin Robert,, Kiandra; 6, Thuroe Edmond, Lambing Flat; 19, Wood Arthur T., Kiandra.—Colonial Letter*.—2, Bailey Mrs., Lambing Flat; 4, Baldwin'Sichard, Bmalong; 65, Black well Mrs., Stoney Creek; 68, Boon Henry, Kiandra (2),- 75, Bourke Hugh, Murrumburrah; 135, BUTHB Hannah, Kiandra; 153, Byefield Mark, Wombat (2); 58, Clarke W., Binalong; 78, Colgan John, Lambing Flat, §5, Constable Marmaduke, Young; 89, Coombes J., Young; 11, Dawson J. S., Mur- rumburmh (2); 20, Denpas Mr., Kiandra; 22, Devett Mrs. Mary Anne, MurrumbutTah; 9, .Gardiner Joseph, Murrumburrah j 41, -Graham William, Lambing Flat;. 9, Hammat William, Kiandra; 10, ?Hanok William, Lachlan; 56, Henderson Robert, - Wdmbat; 113, Horrocks William, Murrumburrah; II9, Hudson Mrs. Mary, Young; 8, Jacobs Reuben, Wombat; 43, Kirk Patrick W„ Murrumburrah; 18, Larnach A., Kiandra; 82, Lcstone John B., Wombat; 43, Lockbart John, Lambiug Flat; 104, M'Pher Mr., Murrumburrah ; 115, Mecleuir Mrs., r Lambiiyr Flat; 146, Moore William, Wombat; 9, Newman Mr., Young; 2, O'Brien Miss Annie, Burrangong; 29, Phelan James,.Lambing Flat; 83, Phillips Henry, Murrumburrah; 13, Reeks George, Lambing Flat; 83, Ryan Miss Maty, Lambing Flat:f 76,..Smith J. J., Young; ICQ, BneyC. M., Murrumburrah; 119, Standen George, Murrumburrah; 121, Starr, Thomas, Wombat: 122, Steel Mrs., Lambing Flat; 125, 8telline C., Lambing Flat; 145, : Sturd E., Murrumhurrah; 4, Taylor James; s Bur»>ra; 16,' Thomas 'Niojiolafc, Lambing. Fiat " Young Pan, Lambing' Hat j i, Smoko, Lambing S W . • • • • . ? 3 ? ,Tf--s SHOCK OF AN EARTHQUAKE.—On Sunday, at about twenty minutes to two p.m., a shock of an earthquake was distinctly felt, accompanied by what was mistaken, by "many who heard it for thunder, lasting some seconds. The noise could be likened to nothing better than that made by an enormously large waggon traveling over a wooden > bridge. At the snme time a gentle undulating motion was felt passing in the direction of from S.S.E. to N.N.W., producing a small clat ter among the glass-and china, The notion that it was thunder was further confirmed to some extent by the fact that at the time a number ol clouds were hovering about, and the atmosphere warm and close, appearing to beto. ken a storm. We have received intelligence from a number of places outside of the sliocfc having been felt, in some instances describing it as being stronger and lasting longer than in Mudgee, but this may be accounted for by th& fact that the shock is felt weaker or stronger according to the position of the person experiencing it, being felt strongest when lyW down head and feet in the direction of the current of Sound, but loss if the body is lying across the current; while a person on horseback would probably not feel it at all. A correspondent writing from Tonnabutta, says 'Wo had a sharp shock of an earthquake to-day (Sunday) at about one o'clock; it shook the earth for about twenty seconds; the noise was like that of a heavy clap of thunder, but lasting longer.' Another cor. respondent writes; 'About half-past one yesterday (Sunday), a distinst shock of on earthquake was heard and felt at Wibertree; the sounds, as of low distant artillery, in the north east, continued for half a minute; the doors and windows of the house all shook violently. The day waB close and sultry.— LOCKHABT v LYNCH.—It will be remenbered that this case, which was for a malicious issue of an execution, in which the damages were laid at £1,000, was set down for hearing at the recent sittings ofthe Circuit Court in this town, but that when it was called on, it was announced by the Solicitor-General, who appeared for the plaintiff, that the parties had mutually agreed to refer their differences to the arbitration of Mr. G. C. Aliman, of YasB. Mr. Aliman entered upon his duties immediately after this declaration, and was fully occupied upon the case during the greater part of two days. At its conclusion, he informed the parties concerned that he reserved his award for a time, but would forward it to their solicitors by letter after his arrival in Yass. This award has nowbeen given, and is in favour of the plaintiff, Mr. Lockbart—damages. £100 and costs. Mr. Willans was the solicitor for the plaintiff.— SFDDEN DEATH.—On Saturday last a magisterial enquiry was held by H. Baylis, Esq., P.M., at Davis's Farm, North Wagga Wagga, touching the death of a man named Bridge North, who had expired suddenly that morning. W. C. Turland was examined, aud stated that he resided at Young, and started with his team for Wagga Wagga on Monday morning iast. The deceased was hired to drive the team. He was out drinking all Saturday night, and did not feel inclined to eat anything on the Sunday morning. On Monday night he scorned to be recovering from the efleets of his drinking, but on the following night he was seized with a shivering fit while the team was at Cootamundry. Witness proposed to leave liim at Barnes's until he returned, but the deceased refused to remain behind. They camc on to Bcthungra, and deceased complained of pain in tbe chest. He had some hot brandy and castor-oil at Junce, aud at Wallace Town had some milk and some more castor-oil. They camped at Davis's Farm that night. On the Saturday morning deceased was in the act of dressing when he fell down, and died in about two minutes, novel* speaking from the time he fell. Dr. Morgau stated that be had examined the body of the deceased, and believed his death to have been, the result of natural causes. The Police Magistrate directed the body to be buried.— MISSINQ CATTLE—A good number of complaints have reached us from settlers of their missing cattle within the last few weeks. One settler informs us that he has lost a score, and others have lost lesser numbers. They are all very poor haid-working. people who Jiavo thus had a great portion of what few remaining beasts were left to them, after the late rigorous season taken away. They have uo hope of recovering them, and consequently have hot intimated their loss to tbe police. Wc think at any rate that the least that could have been done by the police authorities on the discovery of tho late wholesale cattle stealing was to have published the brands of the cattle purchased by Mr. Hassal from the MuIIin's, so that people could have had an opportunity of claiming any they have lost, if they were amongst the mob, in the same manner as was done with the mob of horse seized at Jingera the other day.— Braidwood Dispatch. FOUND DEAD.—The Goulburn and Yass Argus says:—The body of an old man named Michael Mahony, lately discharged from the Yass hospital, was found lying in the bush near Bendenine, with a portion of the side of the head eaten away, apparently by native dogs, The body of deceased was brought into town on Monday, an inquest was held yester- day. EXCOMMUNICATED.—Dr. Colenso was formally excommunicated on Sunday, March 7th, at the Cathedral of Maritzburg. The dean read out the sentence as follows:— '" In the name of our Lord JesusChrist,—We, Bobert, by Divine permission, metropolitan of the Church in the province of Capetown, in accqniaDCB with the decision, of the bishops of the ^rovincie, in synod assembled, do hereby, it being our office and our grief to do so, by the authority of Christ committed unto UJ, pass npbn John William -Colenso, D.D., the sentence of the greater, excommunication, thereby separatinglum fromthevoommunion ofthe ChurclTpf Christ so .long as he Shall obstinately arid im^ehitently persist in his heresy, aod claim to-exerciseftheoffiws. if a bishop within the province of Capetown. And we do hereby make known to the faithful in Christ that, being thus eicluded from all 'communion with the Church, he ia, according tbtbe Lord's command, and in conformity with the provisions ofthe xxxiii. of tbe Articles of Religion, " to be taken of the whole multitude of the faithful, " a heathen man and, publican.—(Matt, xviii, 17,18). Given under our hand and seal, thi» 16th dayofDecpmber, in the year of our lord, 1865.—S. CAPETOWN." The excommunication of biBhop Colenso, Bays a contemporary) ® a ' the united but unofScial occurrence of the two archbishops, and nearly all the episcopal bench. They will uphold the jurisdiction of Bishop Gray as metropolitan, and will refuse to acknowledge Bishop" Colenso. A successor na» been designated for. the See of Natal, and, vi hen he shall' be consecrated, they will hold communion with him,, and not with the excommunicated prelate. There is ho appeal to any English court against this sentences fiLtfBDEBorB MuEDEEors A8SMJI.T.—On ~— Saturday : —„ , . p^ankestcr held an inquest at the Date 0 Cumberland, ~ " ' " Bryanston-street, ~ Hyde-park, <® Dr. John Spuigin, who died from the effecu of a murderous attack made upon him by » gang of thieves in High-Street, Bishopsgate, m September of last year. Mr. Walter Spurejn, 17 Cumberland-Street, Hydc-park, son - ceascd, said s My father was.B'»*- ~' H. LAMBTON, Acting Secretary." Bathurst Free Press. Wagga Wagga Express. Ibid. Mime New. _ flBt I saw him at twelve'o'clock on the night of the occurrence; lie said he had been stopped and robbed in High-street, BisliopsRate. I Afterwards saw' Ins arms and knees. His arms were much braised, « . and 3 his knees »—jjr, were grazed. Uwen to the police. A man was apprehended for causing the injuries and stealing the gold watch and chain. Two or three days after my father went to the station ; but could not swear to the man Neither: watch, nor chain was ever found. My" father gradually got tforse after the robbery. Dr. Owen Kees attended him at the time of his death, and gave' a certificate that it was caused by " injuries from thieves." Dr Owen Eees said •• I attended Dr. Spurgin from the time lie received his injuries to his death. I am of opinion that his death resulted from those injuries. He graduaHysank from the shock to his system. Verdict: "Manslaughter against some person or persons unknown." ' T, Loss OF A SXEAMBB W1LH ALT. THE I'AS- 6ENGEE8 AND EIGHTEEN OF THE CREW.—Plymouth, Sunday.—The liner Spirit of the Ocean, Captain Cary, belonging to the Rova Scotia and New Brunswick line of steam and sailing pa ackets, from London; on Monday last, for HI lalifax, was wrecked at twenty minutes to 7 .m. on Friday, at ,a wild spot on the coast of Devon. Out of twenty passengers and a crew of twenty-two the only survivors are the mate and three seamen. The Spirit of the Ocean was drifting, with split sails, trying to take shelter at Dartmouth. On passing Pear-Tree Rock she became unmanageable, drifted upon a rock between Start Point and Pear-Tree, and went to pieces almost immediately. A terrific gale was blowing at the time from the southward. . THE BITEEB BIT.—A capital story has reached us, which shows that rogues do sometimes get overmatched in shrewdness. One of the warehousemen employed by Mr. Evans, wine-mercliant, was waited upon on Saturday night, at his residence at Bedminster, by two " gentlemen," wfio offered him a gold-chain for sale. The price put upon the article was £"4, and weight and appearances seemed more than to justify the amount. Not being, however, a very good judge of jewellery, the would-be purchaser left the house in order to get the opinion of some more competent person. He ran with all speed to the shop of Mr. Palmer, watchmaker, in AH-Saints'-passage. Mr. Palmer having weighed the chain, and ascertained what amount it was offered for, recommended him to purchase it by all means, as it was dirt cheap even at £5. He, however, cautioncd his friend not to let it go out of his hands under any pretence whatever, lieturning to Bedminster the warehouseman signified his willingness to pay the £4, and immediately handed over the money. " Just let's have it a minute to rub off our private mark," said one of the sharpers. " No, thank you," replied the purchaser, sharper than even the sharpers themselves. " You've got your money and I've got my chain ; that'll do. A volley of oaths was indulged m by the " sold" sellers*. They threatened to smash the unoffending warehouseman's head -, but, finding intimidation wouldn't do, tliev tried bribery, and offered him—first five shillings—and afterwards thirty shillings, to " cry off" the bargain. He was indexible. They said it was all a mistake—tlint the chain cost tbem £14—that they got their living by selling counterfeit ones, that they had intended to change the good one for a spurious articlc, ind so swindle the poor warehouseman. But it wouldn't do. He -stuck to it that a bargain was a bargain, and that lie should not part with the chain. Finding all efforts to recover the property perfectly useless, the itinerant "•jewellers" took their departure in a state of most wrathful discomfiture. The shrewd purchaser—made shrewd by the timely cautioh of Mr. Palmer— retains the chain, and seems most heartily to rcjoice at having been the medium of making "the biters bit."—Western Press. Yotm LOVE OR YOUR LIFE.—The Court of Assizes of the Manche, France, has just tried a labourer named Bellis, aged 24, charged with having, at Ponjarian, on the 2ud January last, attempted to murder a young dressmaker, named Maria Jouannc, by discharging a pistol at her. The evidence showed that the prisoner who is of a very violent temper, fell in love with the girl nearly two years back, but never made any open declaration of his passion. He had, however, offered her several small presents all of which she declined. The last refusal, which took place on.New Years Day, so irritated the prisoner that he resolved to avenge the slights put on him. On the 2nd January lie purchased apistol, loaded it, and after passing theday in wineshops, waylaid the young women as she was returning from her work. When she approached he. accosted her, walked with her a snort distance, asked permission to kiss her at parting, which was granted, and then fired a pistol at her, inflicting severe wounds with small shot in the neck, from the effects of which the poor girl hu not yet recovered. He was soon afterwards arrested. In court he expressed great Borrow for what he had done, and pleaded passion as .an excuse. The jury found uim " Guilty," with extenuating circumstances, the court sentenced lum to hard labour for life. LONDON THIEVES.—Some ingenious thieves have found a way of plundering pillar letterboxes. A bag fitted with a spring is fitted into the slit of the box; and into this instead,of into the proper receptacle this letters which are posted fall. A postman found one of these ,. ingenious appliances in a pilbuvpost near \- Belgrave-sqnate on March 17tli. The spring had broken, tor became disordered, so that the big could not W withdrawn. .. . PAWNBBOKBBS < AND STOHUS^BWEIXKBY.— v -A-Prisoner Wfis recentlyitried afr$ho>Middlesex Sessions for. stealing jewellery to the extent of , £500. The case afforded some , striking illus- ; "tration of the facilities afforded for the commisnoh of erime by the mode 6ome tradesmen ; have of doing business in London. The prisoner .went to severaljewellers, to whom he appeared to be : known, and, on his simple representation that lib had means of disposing of them, was-entrastedwitli rings, bracelets, . Jewels, &c;„ to any" amount, -apparently, he .(: chose to ask for; and,'as fast as he got them, ho " — "J^aWnbltbkiM/' W'hd, without K>k ' " j - judge ..- suggested to the jewellers whether this was not case for prosecution.. The prisoner wipis sen- ••; fenced tb;12 months', imprisonment. .. ' ^OBOKnt.—^.JohnPernewan,'; the Cornish, ^urgpon, who w^s charged with forging. tranB- «r? •f.wawii, after, a! long trial;* was found . wnlty." . On hearing the verdict ho burst Jnto tears. The Deputy- Kocorder, in passing sentence, observed- that he had no desire to aggravatejihp pain of the position in which the prisoner stood by any observations, the more so as it was a most painful task to him to have «> pass sentence on a person of the prisoner's • previous character and ^oeition. The sentence orthe court was to he be kept in penal Bcrvitude for seven y^alrs. " " ' <-.:•• * ? THE CATTLE PLIOUE EETUHNS. — The latest cattle plagu§ "^eturas , skotf that of the counties in EnfcMarTVales, and Scotland, twenty-two counties, remain feee. firpm ,tho disease. In thirtj-sem.xountier no cas& have w P°^.ja» j«Plirring.'during..thp' week. showing a total decrease during the weok ending March 17th, 1866, in England, Wales, an<l Scotland, of 251 cases, as compared with the week ending March, 10th, 1866. Mn. BBIGHT, a working jeweller, of Leamington, has just perfected a novel application of electro-magnetism as a motive power for clockwork* which promises to bring modern timepieces to a state of absolute perfection. By the new arrangement the pendulum, the. bob or ball of which consists of an electro-magnetic coil, is made to oscillate by means of a feeble current of electricity, this beating true seconds, with a train of three wheels only. A number of clocks in different parts of a house, or even in different houses, can be connected together by a single wire, and the whole number will indicate the same time to a second. A CONFEDERATE CONTBACTOR BANKRUPT.— In the London Bankruptcy Court, on Monday, in re G. N, Sandars, formerly consul for the United States in this country, described as formerly of Kentucky, then of New York, and since of Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square, and several other places in London, " contractor with the Governments America for the building and running of iron plated postal vessels." The bankrupt attributed his failure to the nonfulfilment of his contracts. The debts are £10,323. Theprincipal creditors in this country are Messrs. W. S. Lindsay and Co., the wellknown shipowners of Austinfriars. A MALICIOUS " GHOST "—At a ball recently given in Berlin, on the seventeenth birthday of the daughter of one of the noblest families, a mysterious figure—a monk masked—entered the saloon precisely at midnight, and disappeared after having presented the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining the contents, an ebony coffin was found, inlaid with silver, containing a bridal wreath, an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written— "A greeting from the world of shadows." Though the mother became insensible, the young countess did not lose her presence of mind, but continued dancing, and betrayed no emotion whatever. ^ SCULPTURE.—The statue of "Leda and the Swan," recently purchased from Mr. Millais, at Florence, is now in the Kensington Museum. It is attributed to Michael Angelo, and said to have once belonged to Ba'ccio Bandielli, but we should be glad to hear more of its pedigree. It is an extremely graceful composition. The forms of the unfinished masses of marble shew the hand and conception of a great master of composition, while none but a man of impetuous genius or fastidious taste would have left unfinished so beautiful abeginning. Thefinestviewis from the back ; nothing can be more graceful than the pose of the head and the general com- position of the whole group;— A MENAGERIE CAPSIZED.—On Friday evening a gale from the south-cast swept over Liverpool, and did considerable damage. Mander's menagerie, which is at present in Liverpool, was rather severely visited by tbe gale. The enormous canvas roof was completely blown off, and with it four carriages, containing the newly imported bonasscas, a lot of monkeys, and several rare specimens of birds and beasts, were upset. Fortunately no person, though the menagerie was crowded at the time, was hurt Some valuable animals, however, have been injured. The zebue bull had his leg broken, and one of the ostriches was also severely injured. The waggon containing the monkeys, while lying on its side, was damaged by fire. Mrs. Manders, the wife of the proprietor, had a very narrow escape. A FAMOUS LONGSTOP.—Addressing an earlyclosing meeting the other day, the Bishop of Soder and Man told the following anecdote :— I was ouce in a parish in a rural district where a confirmation was about to be held. I happened to be connected with the clergyman of tha parish, and I was present at the confirmation. Evcrythng went off well in the church. The bishop was pleased, and complimented the clergy and young people, and everythingWHS what it should be. But the bishop himself, being a man of social spirit, with much worldly experience and knowledge of jmvnan feelings, after coming out of church wanted to know what the lads were going to do to spend the afternoon. Some of them,- it was replied, would probably spend it is the cricket field. " I am delighted to hear it," he said. Luncheon was over, and the boj-s went out to play. Out came the bishop shortly after, and, joining them at the wickets, he sad, " I'll make the best longstop among you, for I've got an apron." That impression never passed away from the minds of those boys. Tney felt that they had amongst them a man, speaking on tbe highest and holiest subjects—leading them up to all that confirmation was intended to lead thcin up to—but still remembering that their bodies required healthful recreation. Therefore he went out, and for the rest of the afternoon the bishop played cricket with the boys on whose heads he had solemnly placed his liands in confirmation. From that time thnit bishop was never named in that parish without some profitable thoughts arising in the minds of the young people. Reader. 