CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT.-THDBSDA*-, J FIRST COURT» (Boforo his lloaot tho Chiof Justioo and a general jury.) TUB MURDER OP CONSTABLE NELSON. Mr. Dalloy said hp had booti inatruotod by Mr. Groor, tho attornoy for John Dunn, to apply for n post- ponement of tho trial until next sittings. Affidavits wera being prepared and would bo filed in tho courso of tho day. His HONOR said ho would rocoivo tho application during the afternoon, but ho should read ovor the depo- sitions already taken boforo deciding on thc applica tion. Tho application was not made, and Dunn will pro- bably be tried to-day or to- morrow. TUB MtJHDEIt OP MR. KINDER. Henry Louis Bertrand was again placed ia tho dock ou tho ohargo of murdering Henry Kiudor, nt St. Leonards, oa tho 2nd October, 18D5. Tho prisoner's appenranco was not much altered. Ho was moro hopoful and less nervous than yesterday, and survoyod tho denso mass of spectators with muck un- concern. Mr. Butler prosecuted on bohalf o£ tho Crown ; Mr. Dalley and Mr. Windeyer, instructed by Mr. W. Roberts, appeared for tho prisoner. A prolimiuary argument took placo aa to tho nd missability of any lottors from Mrs. Ki nd or to Bertrand. It appoarcd that thoro was ono letter which intimated that Bertrand was to keep a diary, and his Honor thought a portion of that lottor could bo read. Mr. Dalloy afterwards withdrew his objoction, and said tho whola of Mrs. Kiudor's letters to Bortraud could be put in as ovidonce. Mr. Butler said ho only intended to read portions of thc lottors to show that it was undorstood botwoenMrs. Kinder and Bertrand that the latter was to koop a diary for her subsequent perusal. Tho continuation of tho evidence was then proceeded with. Alfred Burno ro-callcd: This is tho tomahawk I spoko of. It has no liolo in tho handle now, becauso that portion of tho handle baa been cut off. Cross-examined by Mr. Windoyor : I recollect Bor trand somo years' ago dressing as a woman. Ho said ho had bcon out with inspector Harrison an a dotcctivo expedition. I lookod upon it only as one of his usual freaks. Charlea Lott, a dork in tho Crown law odíeos, was at tho Court of Quarter Sessions in his official capacity, whon Jackson was tried for sending a throatoning lottor to Bertrand, and now deposed to tho ovidonco Í' iroviously given, and which has boon already pub l¡shed. Cross-oxarained hy Mr. Dalloy : I rcmombor when Jackson-cross-examined Bertrand, ha asked if Kiudor was not always joalouB of his wifo with Bertrand, and ho said no. At first Bertrand sworo ho lent Jackson sonic monoy, as a friend, to onablc him to go to Mait- land ; af forwards ho said tho monoy so lent wa3 to bo paid by Kinder out of monov ho owed to Jaoknon. Chorlos Edward RnnclauJ, a clerk in tho City Bank, repeated his former ovidonco. Cross-examined by Mr. Windeyer : Mr. Kinder was jin tho baúk with mo. I observed that somo timo beforo his death ho was very nervous and exoitnblo. I.don't rcmombor saying that I was not surprised nt Kinder committing suicido. I havo said ho was nervous and oxcitnblo. Ha left tho bank on leave of-absenco on account of his lioalth, and a week or ton days after I heard of his death, I could not say exactly, but about a couple of months boforo his death I obsorvod Kinder was very irritable mid passionate l£ anything annoyed him. Aloxander Bellhoiisc, oraplnyod iii tho Tolegrnph dopnrtment, repeated his former evidence that ho had known the prisoner slightly for about throo years; that Jn'' about' Soptórabor ho mot" Bertrand on a Manly' Beach steamer, and by invitation visitod him'at hts houso. Whon leaving his house', Bartrand volunteered a statomout that ho had purchased pistols in the garb of a woman ; that he was sorry for Kiudor, and that in less than twelve months ho would bo married to Mrs. Kinder. : Cross-examined by Mr. Dalloy : Ho mado tho stato meut to mo on our way from Bertrand's houso to'tho Cafe in Castlcroagh-streot. Ho also told me ho was a powerful mesmerist. I don't remember him years ago bragging of his successes with women. Never heard him talk of his wonderful powers. When sneaking about marrying Mrs Kinder ho was calm. Ho. morely said ho was fond of her. Ho afterwards told ma of his extraordinary powers as a mesmerio operator. I thought his story about Mrs. Kinder strange, and whon I heard of Kindor's death, and othor people talking of it, I went to tho police, and told what Bertrand bad told mo. Harriott Korr, a young married woman, sister to Bertrand, was then called, and being duly sworn, re prated in substance her former ovideneo. Tho spectacle of a sistor giving, with muoh anguish of mind, evidence of so minute a charaotcr against her brother, ina caso of lifo and death, awod tho Court into profound silence As this young lady's ovideneo is so circumstantial it is republished ia order that tho whola casa of the alleged murder may bo more clearly understood. : Harriet Korr, sworn, said : lama married woman, and tho sistor of tho prisoner Bertrand. I arrived hero from Melbourne and went to livo at Bertrand's house, in Wynyard square. Ho spoko to me about Mrs. Kinder, and said that ho wished to get a divorco from his present wife and mako Mrs. Kinder his wife. Ho said ho waa very much iu lovo with Mrs. Kinder. I said I was very much surprised, after tho letters ho had writ ton to mo stating how happily ho lived with his wife. Thoy had bcon married for throo yoarg. I reasoned with him, and said ho ought to think of hotter things than that no recurred to tho subject about flvo or six days afterwards, when ho. asked mo if I had read in' tho papers tho account of tho death of Mr. Kindor. Ho asked rao this early iu tho morning, boforo broakfast, in my room. I was going dowu stairs, but he asked mo to stay with him, and to Bit down. I did so, and ho asked ino if [ had read in tho papara nn account of Mr. Kinder having shot himself. I said I had. Ho paused for n little und then said, " Mr. Kindor did not shoot himsolf ; I shot him." I replied, " You must bo mad to say such a thing os that." Ho said " No, I am not mad. I toll you I did shoot him." I said " Oh, how cruol cf you to do so !" and put my hands up to my faca. Ho pulled my hands down again. I was crying, and ho said " Don't cry. . . . Ho said Kinder was in his way, and that ho would do the samo tiling to any man that was in his way." Ho warned mo not to tell his wifo, that ho had told ma this, and ho said that he was jealous of Kinder, and that, he loved Mrs. Kinder very dear Iv. Ho said that ha put tho pistol to Kiudor's head, and af tor ho shot him put a pistol into his hand, and a pipe in his mouth, and that he threw the pistol ho shot him with into the harbour. Ho did not say that ho put a card into Kiudor's hand before he eliot him, in ordor to attract bis attention. I was told that ho had dono so, but not by Bertrand. He said to mo " You need not bo so haiid upon mo, for Kinder has tried to shoot mo. Ho bought a gun to do BO." Ha said ho had heard that Kinder had bought tho gun, but ho did not say from whom ho heard it. Ho said " It was so .veil plannod that if it came before tho public thoy would not boliovo it." Ho said, " Wo planned it, as if there were more than himsolf engaged in the affair. I had another conversation with him some time af forwards in tho dining-room. Mrs. Bertrand was present, but BIIO was nslcop on tho sofa. Sho used to sleep a great deal, and I used to think her sleep was not natural. Ho used to treat his wifo most cruelly, and on this occasion, when ho spoko to me about ibo divorce, I said to him how1 wrong bia conduct W03. Ho ha3 attempted Mrs. Bertrand s lifo two or throo times since I have bcon living in tho house, und trented hor in every way that was bad. Ho told me that ho must marry this Mrs. Kinder, and said, " I don't want to kill Jane" (that was his wife). " If I can't got a divorco, I shall get upi au adultery caso with some respectable marrtod woman, and thon Jm>e can suo mo for a divorco." I asked him why lin did not giro up thc thoughts of that woman. IIo said Mint ho couldn't givo hor up, and I said, " Sho must bo a bad woman to ho cognisant of tho death of her husband ; and sho wouldn't maku you a good wife." Ho said " Yes ; I ltnow sho's a bad woman ;" and that ho must marry her because sho was a wicked woman. Ile said ho would maïca a second Lucretia of hor. IIo then, after a pauso, leaned over to mo and whispered " Kinder did not dio hy tho shot ; wo- poisonod him; nnd sho (pointing to his wifo on j tho sofa) gavo him tho poison." IIo said tho poison could never bo discovered, and that ho had enough poison in tho houso to kill half tho pooplo in Sydney. Ho said that it was very likely that before I wont to Brisbane I would seo his wifo'a funeral. Sovornl times when I was in tho houso ho has spoken about Kinder ; talked of seeking his ghost, and thom hoing somo rum put on tho table, ho said that ita colour suggested blood Sometimes ho would say that he lovod Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at others that sho kniw ovory wiokod deed that was committed, and that sho was a devil's imp. IIo also said sha was a clover woman. Bertrand attempted to murder his wifo ono night. IIo iud been out, and carno homo about ono o'clock. Mrs. Bertrand was vory frightonod of him. On tho occasion I rofor to, Bertrand and his wife wera talking upon somo subject, aud sho dared to arguo with him. He got up in a very oxcited state, saying that her timo had come, aud sho must dio. Ho took up a lifo-prcservor, and caught hold of hor to Btrike hor with it Sho said, " Hoary, don't kill mo ; you promised mc, on your word of honour, that you would not kill mc." Ho then raised tho lifo-prosorvor to 8 tr i ho hor. I inter- fered, and pleaded with him for her lifo, and then ho desisted and put tho weapon down. I asked him for his mother's and all our saltea to dosist. Ho told mo not to look at him, or speak to him. Ho said, " Go out of tho room, or I'll brain you !" and I went out in fear and trembling. I thought ho would murder his wifo. He shut tho door aftor I loft tho room. I mannged to crawl to tho top of thc kitchon stairs-I could not walk-and I called tho sorvant, who carno up, and to whom I said, " Oh, Bridget ! tharo's somotbmg dreadful happening." As I spoko tho llanillo of tho door was turnea, and I got up to tho first lauding of tho Blairs, and sat down on tho first step above. I heard Bertrand say, " Now, Jane, I want you to go to tho surgery." Sho said "What for?" Ho said " I want you to writo on this picco of paper that you aro tired of your lifo, and that you havo foisoncd yoursolf by your own hand." Sho said " No ; shall not," Ho said " I'll maka you." She said " You may pour tho poison down my throat, but I'll not writo anything." I must montion thnt Bortrand had previously poured mo out somo brandy and water, which I did not drink. It was in the room, and Bor- trand said to his wifo, "Drink that up," point- ing to tho brandy ' and water ho had poured out for me. Sho drank it, and carno up stairs to bod, mooting mo on tho landing. Sho slept with mo tho wholo limo I was there except ono night, on which occasion thora was a lady visitor in tho houso. Mrs Bortrand sat down on a chair ; sho seemed very cxlmiiBtod, and, to my astonishment, fell asleep. 'Hint was about ten minutcB after sho drank tho brandy nnd water, On two othor occasions ho attompted hor life. Aftor I had had tho conversation with Bortrand, Mrs. Bertrand asked mo what I was looking so palo for. I said I had boon told somothing hy Henry that I could scarcely holiovo. Sho said, " What did ho say to you ?" I said, " Ho told mo ho had shot M.'. Kinder: isthattruo?" Sho said, "Yes." This conversation occurred juat ofter I had tho first conversation with Bertrand rotativo to tho death nf Kindor. Mrs. Bortrand fcaid, " You know that Mr. and Mrs. Kinder and Honry nnd I wera constantly visiting." Sho said that " Hourv had often threatened to kill Mr. Kindor," and that she had warned Mrs. Kindor that Bortrand had threatened to kill him, and that Mrs. Kinder had told her ta loll Kinder Iiorsolf. Sho suid "Wo; if it was my husband that was going to ho shot, I would toll him in a minute ; and I think you havo a right to toll him." Min. Bertrand said that nenry was in lovo with Mrs. Kindor, and that sho was tobo divorced from Bertrand in consequence Sho said that sho wished for a divorce, as sho was tired of thc ill treatment she was receiving. Sho told mo that on tho morning of Kindcr's denth, Bortrand 'desired her to go o vor to the North Slioro, and tnko tho baby, and Sophy, tho nursa-girl. Sho didn't wish to go, beoauso it was raining, mitt tho baby would got wet ; but l'ortrand said sho must go; and alio did go. Sha said sho noticed that when ¡Bertrand carno to ' tho houso ho was moro serious than ho had boen for eomo time, and scorned moro hind to Mr. Kinder. Bortrand was walking up aud down tho room vory fust, with his gloves on, and keeping ono hand in his pocket. Shortly afterwards Bortrand and Kinder wore talking about business affairs Thoy wcro speaking ot . New*;Zcaland, and, Mrs. Kindor nnd herself, wei« stauding at tba window looking out when she hoon] tho report of a pistol. Sha turned round, saw-Mr, Kinder sitting in a chair, ¿nd tho pistol drop from hit hand. As she looked Borrrand put a pinn in his mouth He'took tho pipe off tho table. Mrs. Kinder ran oui of tho room, and Mr. Bertrand followed hor with o loaded pistol, saying that if sha did not como into tho room ha would blow her brains out. - Mrs. Kinder carno into tho room, and Bertrand took hold bf Mrs. Bortraud'd arm and mado hor face Mr. Kinder, lio pinched her arm so hard that his fingers nearly mot, and sho had tho ' mark for three weeks. Ho said, "Now look at him well. I wish you always to seo him boforo you." After ho was shot, she said thóy mado her, Mrs. Bertrand, nurso and attend upon him, and whilo sho was doing all sha could to remody tho mischief her husband had dono, Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder wore walking up and down tho verandah with their arms round oaoh . other's waists. She said, after ' tho shot was fired sho saw something against tho wains- cot, and picking it up sho found it was a bullet, flat toned ; Bertrand nm toher.nud taking it outof her hand said, " That's just what I.wantod." Ho put tho bullet i in his waistcoat pocket. Sho said Bho was attending upon Kindor for two or throo days and ho scorned to got better, and that Bertrand had decided that ho could not lat Kinder live-that ho must bo poisoned.. Sho said that Mrs. Kindor had gono to her husband and said, " Oh, Henry, why woro' you so cruol T why did you shoot yoursolf ?" and that Kinder said, "I did not shoot myself." Then 6he said that Bertrand forcod hor (Mrs. Bertrand) to mix tho poiBon, and that' Mrs. Kinder gavo it to Kiudor. That is all that Mrs. Ber- trand said to mo that lean remember, oxcopt that whon I said I must loavo the house, sho begged mo not, for if I did she said sho would bo murdered. I therefore remained in thc house. I would havo left sovcral times but Bertrand would not allow mo to do so. I saw marks upon Mrs. Bertrand's back and shouldors, as if tho flesh had been torn out, and sho told mo that Bertrand had caused thoso marks by thrashing her with Mrs. Kiudor's whip, bocauso sho had said she would in- form tho polico about the murder. Sho also told mc that Bertrand had stabbed her in the presonco of Mrs. Kinder, aud sho showed ma hor stays which were covered with blood. Mrs Bertrand nlso told mo that Bertrand had desired her to bo very kind to Mr. Bollhouso, nnd was to allow him to kiss her. That was after Bollhouso had boen at tho houeo ono ovcuiug. I wished her vory much to go to a magistrate, and confess what she had confessed to me, and told her is sho did not Mrs. Kinder would get clear and sho might be hanged. She said. " No sho. would never bo hanged ; sho would- poison herself first.'' She refused to go to a magistrate Two or throe times I wanted to go and tell tho polico, but she would not allow mo. She said that pooplo would think mo mad ; and I believo that Bertrand told Mr. Do Fneizo that I was mad. I often thought that my brother must bo mad from tho way in which ho went on. Mrs. Bortrand told mo that Mrs. Kinder stayod in tho house for somo timo before T carno up from Melbourne ; and that somotimcs Mrs. Kindor used to sleep in the samo bcd with Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand. Sho said that Bertrand forced her to sleep in tho bod with Mrs. Kinder. Sho said also that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder woro ' frequently alono togothor in tho bedroom. At oho timo, when I nnd Mrs. Kinder woro alone together--tho only time that I had any conversation with her-sha stooped down to tic somo portion of hor dross, and looking up Baid, " Tou BOO mc, Mrs. Kerr, undor very disadvan- tageous circumslaneos." I said " I wonder you dara to look nt mo or address mo in my brother's houso." That was all that took place, some ono coming into tho room at tho time. By his Hoson : Ho only spoko about tho rum being Uko blood once. When wo wont over to a houso at tho North Shoro, Bortrand said ho would raiso Kinders ghost. Ho did man}' eccentric tricks for tho nmusoment of tho company. Ile said ha was tho devil. Cross examined by Mr. Dalloy : When nt Mr. Do Friezo's houso, at a party, Bertrand wont on with all sorts of tricks. Ho took down a HkenesB of Mrs. Hobortson, took it out of tho frame, and put it in his pocket. Ho mado all kinds of grimaces. He frightened us suddenly by saying ho could and would summons Mr. Kiudor's ghost from tho gravo. Ho said ho wns tho dovil, put his hands to his head for horns, looked in tho glass at himsolf. Ho pinched Mrs. Do Friozo in thc nrra sovoroly. When wo loft Mr. Do Frieze's that night wo had a stoop piece of ground to go down, to tho water. Mrs. Bortrand had her baby, and wo were carrying it in turns. My brother spoko thon to mo I varv anzrilv. and said if I did not walk faster ho would throw mo into tho water. Mrs. Robertson also returned with us. (Witness hore hurst into tears whon hoing asked a question about her brother's carly life, and Iiis peculiarity of manner.) Mr. Dalloy at onco abandoned tho quostion and oncourngod tho witness to rogain her solf-possosion). Whon wo had that night crossed tho water, and arrived in Sydney, ho appeared to ho moro calm, but ho would havo suppor. Wo had supper, and my brother after- wards accompanied Mrs. Robertson to bor residence at tho Glebe. It was half-past 12 o'clock. My brothor has committed equally extravagantly things as tboso dotoilod by mo now on previous occasions. Ho was cruel, and was always suggesting somothing about ghosts, blood, and murder, and was very noisy. He would roar out Uko a wild boast, a tiger, lion, or elephant. Ile said ho could mcsmoriso people, but I don't romomber him saying he could mosmeriso people in tho strcot. He said ho had mesmerised Mrs. Kinder bott-tr than any ono olso, bocauso elie was a good medium and clairvoyante Whon Mrs. Bertrand was asleep on tho sofa, ho leaned ovor mo in a dramatic manner, Sainted his Anger to his wifo, and grinned otween his tooth, saying, " Sho mixod tho poison !" Ho wanted to inspire mo with terror. Ho once said, whon in a passion, and whon I had beon in his houso about a month, " I'vo a good mind ts murder Jano (moaning his wifo) nnd swoar you did it." Re-examined by Mr. Butler: I was remonstrating with him whon ho threatened to kill Jano. By his HONOR: Ho froquoutly took up n'knifo, and throatcnod to stab people. Ho took a knifo up onco and threatened to stab Mrs. Robertson. Ha used to say in a whisper " I'll stab you !" I havo ofton thought ho was mad. It has frequently crossod my mind since that my brother was mad, and I havo spoken to Mrs. Bortrand about it, and that ho ought not to bo trusted out of a lunatio asylum. I havo also spokon to Mr. Do Freizo about his madness. Ho told Mr. Do Freiao I was mad, and not to trust mo. Ho was cruel to his wifo and his children. From my oarly youth, until recontly, I had not sean my brother until my husband told mo, in coining from Melbourno to Brisbane, I could call and maka a short visit to him. Ho was at first kind ; but soon, before many days, because cruol to ino. By Mr. Dalloy, with his Honor's permission : I do not know that my uncle, my father's brothor, diod of insanity, as I boliovo ho is nlivo now in Brussols. Nor nm I awaro that any of our family was afflicted with insanity. Mary Agnes Robinson, a young inarriod woman who had caused Bortrand to ho bound over to keep tho pcaco for threatening to kill hor with a stool, on hoing sworn, repented her formar ovidonco, portions of which wont to corroborto tho testimony of Mrs. Korr, and other wit- nesses, as to Bertrand's raving manner, his eccentric and violent behaviour at tho house at North Shore, whon ho talked of raising Kindor's ghost, and callod himself tho dovil. In cross-examination, sho said sho thought sinco that Bortrand was mad. Ho appcarod BO. Ro-examined by Mr. Butler : Whon at North Shoro that ovoning whon ho talked of raising Kindor's ghost, ho frightened un, but I did not think ho was mod. Ho wanted to frighten us. Ho asked mo once whothor I would Uko to loso my lifo, or my honour, nnd throat- cnod to leavo stolen property in my houso. I then complained of him. Sophia Taylor, Mrs. Bertrand's nurso girl, gavo tho sumo ovidenco as formerly. Ann Bronuan, a now witness, doposod : I was ser- vant to tho lato Mr. nonry Kindor, at North Shore, and saw him whon doad. I romomber tho prisoner nnd liiö wifo visiting ; nnd havo BCOU Bortrand and Mrs, Kinder alono in tho bedroom on several occasions. Ono night that Mrs. Kinder was lyiug vory ill, Kindor said Bortrand had given her some sort of stuff. I ro- momber tho day of tho shooting. I hoard tho report. I was in tho yard at tho timo. Kiudor was previously asked to go out, and ho asked Bertrand whothor to Diud'e or Black's, bocauso Kinder euid " If you'ro going to Black's I'll pay, but if you go to Dind's, you must Pay-" Bertrand said " Wo'll go to Dind's, nnd I'll pay for it" I could not say Mr. Kindor WOB sober. He had boon to Sydney that day, I could not soy he was drunk. Ho had been drinking for eovcrol days heforo that. I eaw ¡lim go over to Dind's. After they both wont to Dind's, thoy soon roturnod, and so mo oysters woro bought hy Mr. Kindor, who said Mrs. Kindor was fond ot thom. About half an hour aftor thoy roturnod from Dind's, I hoard tho roport. Tho roport was in tho drawing room. Aftor thoy carno tram Dind's* Mr. Kinder bought sonio oysters. About half an hour aftor ho , bought thc oysters ho was eliot. It ww ia the drawing. ' room. I* did'not Too Kindor from tho timo liVbought th« oratora till he was shot, I saw him go into th» drawings roora. Da fore ho was shot I noyer saw any pistols m tho house. I thensawone. It seemed Uko thc ono produced at tho inquost Mr. Bertrand, Mrs. Bertrand, Kindor, Mrs. Kindor, and I only wore in th» houso Bertrand told mo not to report tho ooourrcnco in the neighbourhood, as Mr. Kinder would not got another situation. When I first heard tho roport, Iran to Captain Milos" fenoo, thiuking tho report was there, but afterwards went to the drawing-room, when I found Kindor lying at full length, aud tho pistol lying on tho carpet. I did not seo constnblo Emmerton that evening. Croas-oxnrained by Mr. Dalley: When I wont in tho), drawiug-room, I saw Mrs. Kindor trying to stop tho» blood, Bortrand was there. I could not eoe what ho was doing. Tho doctor carno at about clovon o'clock. From tho limo ho was shot until tho doctor came, JC was frequently in tho room, and spoko to my master. By his HONOR: It was that night, and before tho doctor came, that Bertrand told mo not to montion it about tho neighbourhood. Ho said this becauso I said I would go for Dr. Ward. Bortrand said, "No, I'll go for Dr. Wright or Dr. Eichler. You'll bo blabbing it about," \ ' ] Cross examination continued : Whon Bortrand wont for a dootor I heard Kindor sovoral times call for Mr. B'rtrand. Ito.examined by Mr. Butler: I had conversation with Mr. Kindor." Ho told mo had given himself a very aovere blow with a stick. . I think ho said to Mrs. Kindor, " I did not shoot myself ; but we'll havo nr> moro quarrels " By Mr. Dalloy: Ho told mo that ho hod inflicted tho wound himself with a stick. By a juror: Ho did not in my hearing say anyone) else had shot him. By Mr. Dalley : Bortrand was not long absent. Ho came back without a dootor. Dr. Eichler carno between eleven and twelve o'clock. Thomas Buchanan, accountant in tho Bank of Aus- tralasia, went ovor to tho North Shoro with Kindor about ono o'clock on tho day ho was Bhot. . Ho was sober. Senior-constable John Emmcrlon, stationed at North Shore, gave same evidence os formerly. Cross-examined hy Mr. Dalloy: Two days after ray intorviow with Kinder I saw a lady in tho verandah of Kindcr's houso und told hor that Kindor would have to- bo prosecuted for attempting to commit suicido. William Foster Bind, publican, residing at North Shore, repeated his former ovideneo ns to Bortrand and Kinder going to his house on a Monday between S and 0 p.m., and having a littlo liquor, This was theovoning Kindar was shot. Charles Fornand Eichler, a duly qualified medical practitioner, who first attended on Kindor, being sworn, repented his formor testimony, tho substance of which was that bo-found a largo torn wound from the bend of tho jaw to tho temple on tho right sida four - inches in longth. Tho wound appeared to bo caused by biohlorato of iron. Tho .carotid gland was gone, and somo branches of tho max- illary and temporal . artery torn, and maxis facilaa of tho ñervos torn. "My opinion,"- ho continued, " is that ho (Kinder) put tho pistol to his car, and in pressing tho trigger pulled tho butt down. Tho pistol must hare been fired in an upward direction, and must havo boon placed very close to tho face. It is not impossible that th oro was a bullot in tho pistol, but I think thora was not Tho wound appeared healthy when I afterwards saw it, aud I had hopes of his re- covery.'' Cross-examined by Mr. Dalloy : I saw nothing in oe near tho wound to lead mo to supposo that thcro was a ball in the pistol. I was prexont nt the post mortem examination, and nothing thara disclosed induced mo to boliovo thora was a bullet in the pistol. From what I saw dono to tho wound by Bortrand, I behoved it was carefully dona to preserve lifo. I am a physician and surgeon, professer of midwifery, from tho College of Heidelberg, a niombor of tho Hoya! Collego of Surgeons, London, and havo seen many gunshot wounds, and my first bolief was. and is now, that thcro was no bullot iu tho pistol ; that tho pistol was hold closo enough to tho right sido of tho fsco to fracturo tho bono, and that tho wound was inflicted by himself. It might havo been inflioted by a second party. I had little hope of his recovery when I first saw tho wound, nor was I much surprised whon I heard of his death. On my second visit I told him of his dangerous condition, and if ho had any worldly affairs to 6ettlo to do so, as ho might soon bo boforo hts Creator. Charles Watt, analytical chomist, hoing sworn, repeated his former avidenco ; that ho had examined tho contents of tho lato Mr. Kindor's stomach two months after death, and failod to detect any poison: whatever. Horatio George Anthony Wright (a now witness> deposed: I nin n legally qualified medical practitioner. I was requested to go and soe tho late Mr. Kinder on tho Tuesday, 3rd October. Tho mossngo was loft by Bertrand that Kiudor lind shot himself, and I was to go ovor. I wont over, and found Mr. Kinder lying on a sofa. I hnvo hoard tho ovidonco of Dr. Eichler. I differ slightly from his description of tho direction otT tho wound. Tho full force of tho explosion nppearodt. to go upward nnd slightly backward and downward In other particulars I agree with Dr. Eichler. On tho Slst August I attended on Bertrand, and ho told mo ho had taken n doss of aconite. I remained with him. for a whilo, hut I found no signs of poison. I gav» him an emetic. Mr Watt was recalled, and said that aconite was ono of tho most difficult poisons to dotoct. It was aa organic poison. Ocorgo Holmes Alloway, a licontiato of medicina and surgory, of great oxperionce in gunshot wounds in. India, Burmah, and tho Crimea, boing sworn, repoatod in substance his former ovidcuco. Ho was of opinion that a bullet or some hard Hubstnuco must hnvo been in tho pistol, and tho pistol must havo boen fired from boland. Tho explosion of tiio powder may havo caused tho external wound, but a harder suhstanco must havo fractured tho zygoma. A pistol Uko the ono shown to mo loadout with wadding and powder only would not fracturo tho zygoma, which is porhaps tho hardest bono in tba head. Tho wound must havo boon intliotcd from boland for- ward, if by himself, his hoad must havo boon hold in n constrained position ;if by a second party it must havo boon dono whon Kiudor was in a stooping position, as iC reading. James Gibbs Alleyno, Burgoon and physician, though, he differed in some particulars from Hr. Alloway, agreed with other portions of his ovidonco. This closed tho caso for tho Crown Mr. Dalloy then addressed tho jury on bohalf of tho prisoner. Ho said ho would show that his1 client wa» untitled to a vordict of acquittal at thoir hands. It was. in thu first placo, noccssary for thom to divest thoir ' minds of all prejudice. Circumstances of a most extra- ordinary character surrounded this case, which had beon mada revolting and loathsomo in tho highest dogreo by tho publication of observations nnd nowspapcr commonts of a moat improper kind. But thoy must neither liston to tho vile rumours 'nor random statements which haul hean sent abroad, but.judgo tho prisonor by tho evi- dence, nnd on that alono, which had been placed bofora thom. Thoy wore sworn to do thoir duty, and to de- cido according to ovidonco. If they wcro to ba guided by any of tho very extraordinary stories whick Bertrand had told of himself, if thoy could only fix on ono of thoso romantio tales of himself ns hoing truo, thon thoy would hnvo something tnngiblo to roly upon, bccauio a Btatomcnt made by a prisoner was tho vory strongest kind of ovidonco. But thoy oould not roly on any singla ono of tho stories ho tina told of himsolr. Thoy must not forget that this caso was an appeal from another tribunal-the coroner's court-whoro tho sub- ject had boon duly investigated, whoro witnesses hail boon examined, and whoro tho jury had returned a verdict that Kinder died by Iiis own hand Thoy muss not forget that foot. Tho motivo now attributed to tho prisoner for tho murder of Kindor was tho possession of his unhappy wifo. This sexual passion, onco allowed to go on unbridled, unchecked either by tho exercise of reason or tho influence of religion, could not bo controlled until it lind led its victim to tho perpetration of tho most revolting orimos Tho theory of tho Crown was, that the prisoner had nn ungovernable and Haming pussion for Kindor's wife; that ho was so maddttuod m his cngornosB to possess her that ho would, go to any extremo ; that ho would put both Kindee out of tho world, or any ono oleo that Btood in his way to the possession of Mrs. Kinder. But, long boloro tho death of Kinder, ho had possession of her for nil tho purposes of his sensual, unuovornablo, low, ami abandoned passion. Ho would admit tho theory of tho Crown that ha was seized with an ungovernable passion for Mrs. Kindor; but what necessity waa thoro to disposa of Kindor or anyone oleo when sha was already an adulteress? Ho would not sneak harshly of many of tho witnessos, hecauso thoy hod evidently como to toll romantio stones I told to thom by Bertrand ; but tho witness Burno re 3uirod Bomo especial consideration, hecauso thcro was esign in him. Hero was a young man, four years in ' tho employ of tho prisonor, who left his work usual)» »bout 6 o'clock, and then went to perform melodran at the theatre ? His mind seemed to have been fed t acrofuloT» French novels, and othor rubbish of th kind. Ho was full of romance, and loved the wood, tl ?water nt midnight, tho mysterious. He comes he now, and tells tho most damning evidence against h master. Ho speaks of buying pistols, of midnigl boat excursions, of dressing in disguise, the tomahaw' the shining moon-what was all this but tho tail of tho ranting melodramatic nonsense brougl by this young man from tho theatre. TVhi he stood in.that Witness-box. and clothed his master body with tho garb of disguise, ho clothod his mastei ?oui also with tho blackness of deception. For years hs Bertrand been in tho habit of disguising himsolf, < painting his face, of dressing in fomnlo apparel, or i an actor, of crying out for his lifo, and carrying on a sorts of mad tricks. Ho tells Burne tho most palpab lies of his duels in Franco, his murder in Brussels, h: theatrical performance at Sadlers Wölls, and h "wonderful successes with tho principal aotresa, and wit other women. All that Bertrand had said of bimse! uvas now recollected and brought against him to sui etantiato a charge of murder. To hear him speak < himself one would think that Bertrán .was a most desporate follow, and th ¿oro of. .a hundred adventures. The probt lilily is that the reverso was tho case. Thei ?was nothing,heroic about him. Ho was not about t set up tho plea of insanity in behalf of tho prisonoi becauso ho would tell thom plainly that there was n species of madness under tho operation of which th prisoner was labouring that would oxcuso him for th offence with which he was charged. But ho wa afflicted with a species of insanity that would accoun for tho extraordinary Hos that ho had told about him »elf. Ho had lost all particle of moral courage, if h ever possessed any. He WOB utterly abandoned to al delicate or moral sentiments, destitute of an atom o moral courage, He was anxious for the world to thin! bim a very determined and most extraordinary man, man not to be trifled .with. Ho had a passion fo notoriety. . With a young wifo and two bcautifu children he visits a friend's houso at the North Shore and calls himself tho devil, to frighten not only hi; -wife, but his sister and other guests ; and then thrcateni to horrify them by calling up tho ghost of Kindor. T< xnako himself moro horriblo ho accuses himself of th< murdor of Kinder. Thoy had heard tbe story, tole most pathetically by thc prisoner's sister, of the horrible lying accounts ho had given of himself, and of his conduct. She did not boliovo his accounts, nor did thc very man Burna who came so unblushingly to denounce bis master behave thom. He know of Bertrand's eccentricities, knew why.ho wont to the North Shore, knew tho whole design, not of murdor, but ho know and assisted in it Base, indeed, must a mind such nt bis be, who could look upon his master's illicit inter, courso with Mrs. Kinder ss a joko But oven Burne bad belied himself. Ho knew it was no joko, although be called it ono. Ho. was so filled with petty melo- dramatic ideas that ho construed all into tho romantic. Bo had his own version to relate, nnd yet not n single statomont of Burno's had boon clearly corrobo- rated. Tho learned counsel then reviewed tho ovideneo of Jackson ; his criminal intercourse with Mrs. Kinder in Now Zoaland, his threatening lotter to Bertrand, and Bertrand's action in this matter. Ho contonded that Bertrand's conduct in reference to this latter was utterly inconsistent with tho presumption that ho was tho murdorer of Kinder. After commenting on other portions of tho ovidonco he submitted that Bertrand was ni murdorer, but admitted ho was a liar of tho greatest magnitude Ho ' would put on hideous dis- guises and assume characters sololy to gain some frivolous object. His' success with women ho par- ticularly prided himself in. Ho was cowardly aud heneo his aim to frighten people Ha was not rieb, ho could not by wealth attain to all ho aspired, and there foro to terrify his victims he called himself tho devil, assumed horriblo shapes, talked of mosmrism, and committod tho most extravagant acts. Toko him if they would, to bo a low, abandonod, sonaual, blabbing, lying, oocentrio dopraved follow, but ha was not a murderer, A murderer did not blab of his murders. All was done in tho dark, alone, and brought only to light by unexpected doteotion, or by other means. Never would thoy (Ind a murdorer going about blabbing of his offence, and priding himsolf on it. But Bertrand did this bocauso ho was a liar. Thoy bad evidence that Bertrand said ha had attomptod to blow his own brains out ; that ho had takon aconite ; that ho said Kindor shot himself; that ho slid ho shot Kindor : that Kinder was poisoned ; that his wife mixed it. Which was true? Taking IIÍB own self accusations, which of thom is true? The learned counsel then alluded to tho diary. This was writ ton by Bertrand under a compact with Mrs, Kinder, for ber solo perusal. Litt lo did he think that it would bo read by tho wholo world. This compact was a hollow one Ho know tho slippery hold he bad of her, and sho know what kind of man Bertrand was, It was n compact of mutual terror. They both, ono in his dinry, tho other in her lottors, unfolded thoir ardont souls to each othor ; but how unmeaning, what hollowness, how deceptively they "were dealing with oach othor I Thoy spoko of religious subjects, sud invoked Divino nssistnnco with tho humility ot? saints; yat other portions of tho diary showed how morally depraved ho was. Tho melo- dramatic nonsonso oftho youth Burno, in tho purchase of tho pistols must bo discarded altogether. Those pistols had nothing to do with tho shooting of Kiudor. They wcro purchased, but for Btago purposes. Tho pistol produced at tho inquest was the ono which in- dicted tho wound, and tho prisoner, in his ovidonco at that inquest, said ho gavo it to Kinder. Tboro was no disguise. If ho murdered Kindor thcro was one, not dead, who now knows it Though Mrs. Bertrand could notgivo ovidonco against iior husband, sho could lavo been brought to this court. Thcro was another theory. If, between tho time Kinder re- ceived tho wound, and tho timo of his death, ho was consoious, and any human being had como within Iiis sight, would ho not, if ho had been shot by another, havo roquostcd to be at onco removed from tho mur- derers around him ? Ho was consoious, and two days after tho wound, a sorgoant of police was with him ; yet ho makes no specific statement that another had inflicted tho wound. Ho was visited tho night of his wound by Dr. Eichler, and two days' after, or tho next day by Dr. Wright, yot no statement that ho had boon murdered by anothor was made. Tho modical testi- mony was adduced to support tho theory of tho Crown, that tho pistol was loaded with a bullet and that a aocond party must havo fired tho shot Dr. Eichlor's ovidonco was, that Kindor had committed suicide. Dr. Wright docB not deny that suoh was not tho caso, hut ho believes ' anothor porson may havo inflicted tho wound. Dr. Alloway was positivo that somo hard substance had struck tho bono, and to some oxtont Hr. Allcyno ogroud with this. But tbs pißtol barrel may havo boon close to tho head, and tho concussion against tho bono, when tho pistol oxplodod, may havo fractured it. Tho medical testimony ho submitted was on tho wholo in support of tho presumption of homicide. Medical testimony was always conflicting. As regarded tho sjuostion of poisoning, no poison had boon discovered in tho stomach, no poison hail boon found in tb» room, nor in Kindor's house ; no poison was proved to havo been I givon. The theory of poison had not boon proved snvo 1 by tho usual amount of Hos of tho prisoner. After a most oloquont address, nf about two hours and a half, j tho learned counsel loft the matter to bo Jeal t with by tho jury according: to thoir consciences between God and tho prisonor, and ho felt certain thoy would arrive nt & conclusion that Kinder had not boen murdorod hy tho jpriEonar. Mr. Butler rose tn roply, when Mr. Windoyer objected on tho ground that, as no witnesses had boon called fer tho défonce, it had been decided by tho Supremo Court that a barrister acting for tho Crown had no right of jepl.v. His HONOR said ho did not exactly rcmombcr the casa; but as it WSB a matter of lifo or death with the prisoner, it would bo as well if Mr. Butler did not Tho jury thon preferred to Uko bis Honor's chargo to-day, as thoy had boon Bitting for two days. His HONOR said ho would commonco his chargo to tho jury to-morrow morning at nine o'clock. Tho Court adjournod at half-past six o'clock until nino o'clook tbis day. The jury, as yostorday, were removed in charge of tho officers of tho court 