A SAD CASE. Eik,-Tbe benevolent and charitable laditB of Marit will do a kind act by uasieting the follow i:; c&-c ol destitution. *A poor woman, living in lAa'i IiailJingF, Victoria street, Ubb one child Iji; itsd, ocd another not cxpected to live. She t-i ut lisd a fire in her bouse for tbe last two Edh!,and f.oald have been ooraplc-tely destitute hi it coi been fur the assistance of tbe Benevolent iijtom. Turning tlmt this will meet tbe eye ol !::e ckritnbly disposed persons that are able and tfficg to sstist her, I remain, sir, yours respectfully, Akdke\y Glenkew. F.S,-The?oman'i name is Mrs Barnes. il'.EMiUKADLE CAUSE OF Dewii.-The district Kicjtt held on inquest on Wednesday at John Silti'i liouEf, Loddon Creek, on tbe body of Jolin Kiiicsov,, tgtil 19 years, son of a farmer, on the L?:j:n, who died on tbe 28:h August at bis father's tec. The deceased's lather gavo evidence that on teisy morning deceased got up bb UBUal, drcessd, cJ &n; went out and stood in the verandah. He lam J against one of the poets and began vomiting. fiitttH went cut end caught him in his arniB juet i! te ras falling and carried hitn in und laid him on 'till wiiii s {jillovr under his head. Deceased could but by shaking his head appeared to in time \hsi lie understood what web Enid to him. In fct ihru-quarttrs oi an hour after he quietly f-ii Alout three years ago dtceaaed complained ol ilijlschp, bat Irom what cause witness could not Me. 1't.is ic:urred frequently, and eighteen tatbj ago Dr H. L. Atkineon was called in and iS'crited fur him. About this time deceased had Krukivt fits, which lasted sometimes for twenty «: hcuif. Except the hcadache, deceased's health 5l! cikrwije good; he had a good appetite and c>iy teak recreation. Witness never heard that de* t-iied bd rcceirc-d any injury to his head or body, j" ft L. Atkinson was examined, and said be WkUtudtd d!cec6cd sixteen months ago for an ta-ciion ot the brain, the nature of which wsb not " sll evident, Hu had now made a pott mortem tisasatioii, and ixternally there were no marks of fcHtcc ca deceased's body. The head was opened 'si unJer the skull cap was found a large collection "fejcttidj, weighing nearly 1 Jib*. The bone of the '"id,lot uttrly the size uf a sixpence, had been '.wit?, and the hydatids were only pteveoted l ®ttcapirg by the pericranium and scalp. The t"u> *6( completely hollowed by tbe pressure of 'Ji'.ils. It was witness's opinion that had , been tiamincd since tbe hydatids had -reed tbe opening in the skull, surgical aid might V ta fuccEESlully employed. The ease of hyda '.s *6s utern&l; to the brain, and it was the only but one at Grassy Flat some time ago, where 3 itqutst was held of hydatids upon the braiu. ,/hsd been more common at the Bendigo .tpit&l; casts than in the Melbourne Hospital, if i k" BU."i0r6 the highest class latterly show , ydatids ate now generated from the drinking _ T,'w frequented by dogs. The caU' e of death «cotopresbion of the brain by the hydatids. The l'?-,e'8rnt^ a verdict in accordance with the »*, testimony-llcndigo advertiser. «eu;fcl ACCIDENT.-Two MEN CLOWN TO j °Ms,~A deplorable casuality occurred ou Sutur J;°° tbe line ol railway in course ol construction . senBonar Bridge and Golspie. Atone of the i,!.'' near Lairg, a number ol workmen were em- j ?i'J',10 pasting, »nd from Borne ciiubg not yet ex " I«ge charge of powder exploded amongst I ij,. ,orcFBiptvpo ol whom were actually thrown up Tom e Blr '_n_ pieces, being so mangled as to be be c:irTItC°^'l'loa cvra as human beings. Several particular, were eeriouBiy injured. j(lt. ?*"lDB are additional details of this cad acci tirleiIa8 that a gang had completed the ar jl. '®'.ot Sting a charge in the great cutting Allh j. at 'he point called the Govt's Hole, tkest i'l^taWn' txCl;Pk ''le Puor meu 'njurcd allli M".: "" 6t> in a moment c tremendous ex Reliable witnccscs Drc at variance 'r,e distance at which it was heard, but there (air be "DJ doubt that it was heard ttav ""I" t!)u tmohe cleatiug E'd \ i ":e showerB of 6ione, earth, t[ tl.p 5 «asiuR to he precipitated, no sign *lft> ^ w'ork over the bore could be seen; j,,,.-" taa to rulme, the catechist, named Murdo tJ:'j |Ilf' )ves foPn'l 'un the top of the cutting, trans t'c-ai^ 11 jtamP'nK-'ron,' which had been hurled in H6i,.iani1 Ascending pinued him to the ground. Eone to tbe top of the cutting to witness the explosion, impelled by scientific curiosity, and whilst ' lying un the ground, craning over its edge into the £iip, iu " position of perfect safety be naturally thought, the charge exploded. Tho 'iron' passed through li e call of the left leg, and had to be sawn across, a long and tedious operation, lie is now doing " well «d could be expected, and hopes ara uiKrtaim d of saving hi:i lower limb. A man was found ii'.^dEome 100 yards from the scene, but no truc-L, of the other one misting could be ecco, till net: a came that the Etrvant girl of the head gar dener at Acbany had been herrifled at the result of the explosion, and the rolling in at the window of n human skuil, terribly disfigured. It seems ou enquiry, that i-ha had been occupied in her usual mid- diy culinary avocations when she heard the roar cf the explosion, and had barely time to drop upon a chair before the window wrs dashed to pieces by something pu&sing; violently and at great speed through it, which caused her to faint outright. On her recovery, the appalling nature of her visitor became e rider.t, and she fainted away again. At the same time, Mr Koy Macphee, miller of Shinglen, found his mill stopped, and on proceeding to inves tigate the cause, was shocked to find u boot-heel, with the remains of a lacerated foot, between the wall and the wheel. Ho fell into the mill-dam on his first agitation, but on his rescue and recovery steps were taken to remove the obstruction, and whea duik fell the fragments were removed to Lairg for interment. The distance of the mill and (jurdener's house at Achany ia fully half a mile from the scene of the catastrophe. Thirteen men were severely burned, and are now out of danger. The men asciibe thu accident to the use ot nitro glycerine along with the powder, but it seems doubtful whether any steps could have been taken to prevent it, the nature and extent of 'secondary blasts,' aa they are called in the trade, being always more or less dangerous.- Northern Ensign, 17th May. TEKS AKD Piks.-Mr Bi'.bbage, in hits * Economy of Manufactures," published in 1832, tells how ten personB had to work seven hours and a half in order to produce a pound of pins. Now nearly everything i3 done hy machine, and hand labor is employed only in guiding this machine. " An almost- Bemi-ini.elli gent thing of iron and steel," says ilr Measom, whose gosaipping accounts ol our chief lines of railway and the districts traversed by them, have helped us to several scraps ol information-" A machine with in numerable crunks and levers, rams and hammers, and a cylinder, toothed file-like, receives from a hori zontal drum the end of n hank of brass wire, pulls sufficient for a pin into its voracious maw, and swal lows it; the work of digestion goes on; aclicking and rapping sound ia heard; the previously straight bit of wire reappears with a head, and drops down iuto a slit, the head uppermost, the point downwards, to be against a revolving 6teel roller, tho eurfsce of which is toothed; the friction of the roller causes the pins to rotate, while the end of the wire is being sharp ened and converted into a point. The pin now made is forced out, and drops into tho receptacle prepared for it, a perfect pin, to be cleansed by boiiing in a solution ot tartar, and made white and silver-like by being boiled in a solution of tart'ir and tin, nnd, after papering, to be selected-the boiling, whitening, and selecting being tho only operations in which human labor or intelligence is required in the making of a pin." Pens, in the present stage ol manufacturing art, require a greater share of hand labor than pins. At Mr Gillott's I3irmingham establishment, known as the Victoria Works, a hundred and twenty million peus are made esch year by machinery guided by lour hundred women and a hundred men. "The steel," ay a Mr Measom, ''is procured from Sheffield. It is first cut up iuto narrow strips, and carefully pickled by immersion in diluted sulphuric acid, and then reduced to the proper thickness by being passed through metal rolls. In this conditiun it is fit to be made into pens, and for this purpose it is passed imu tbe hands of a girl, who with a punch fitted into the screw of a hand-press, and u cor responding bed, speedily cuts out the blank. Tt:o next process, namely, that oi perforating the email hole which terminates the slit, and removing any superfluous suel likely to iulerfere with the elas ticity of the pen, is also done by a female, The incipient pens are nov7 in a condition to have the maker's namB and any ornamental device stamped upon them. For this purpose they are annealed in large quantities in a muds, and after being cooled they are placed under a large stamp, in which is held the device to be impressed cut iu steel; the hammer of the stamp falls, and the marking and ornamentation are complete. Up to this stage the futuie pen is a flat piece of steel. It is then transferred to another female, who, by meann of a press and die, makes it concave if it is to be a nib and forms the tube if it id to be a barrel pen; hardening follows. By this process a number of pens are put into an irou box, which is placed in a muffle; when the whole is of a uuiform red heut they are plunged into oil, and then the superfluous oil is removed by agitation in a revolving tin cylin der. At this stage the pen is as brittle as glass, but the tempering which follows imparts elasticity. After that the peuB are again placed in a revolving cylinder, with pounded crucible sand or some other cutting substance, the abrasion of which by the revolution of the cylinder, speedily discloses the natural color of the steel, Next follows the grinding of the nib by submitting it to the emery-wheel. The pen is theu in a condition to be slit, tbe slitting being the most pecular of the many processes of steel pen making. A chisel or wedge with a flat side is fixed to the bed of a press, and the descending screw has a corresponding chisel or cuttc-r attached to it, which passes down, and ia most accurately fitted. Tue pen is laid on the lower chisel; the Bcrew is made to come down, aud with it the upper chisel, by which a slit is made, and tbe pen com pleted. The last stage is coloring, brown or blue. This is done by placing the bright steel pens in a revolving iron cylinder, uoder which is a charcoal stove, until the desired color is arrived at. The final brilliancy is imparted by immersing them in gum lac dissolved in naptha."-London Socicty, SCOTTISH BAPTISM AT STAFI-OKU-HOVSE.-An in teresting rite was performed on Saturday lust at Stafford-house in presence of his lloyel Highness the Prince ol Wales, and her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales and a number of noble persons, relatives ol the family. It was the baptism of tbe infant daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Suther land by the Rev Dr Gumming, of the Scotch National Church, Crown-court, Covent-gardeo, according to thorites of the Established Church of Scotland. After reading Holy Scripture and requiring of the spousors their confession of laiih in the words of the Apo9tleo' Creed, and receiving their promise to train up the child in the knowledge aud practice of Diviue truth, the Princess of Wales, according to Scottish custom, holding the inlant in her arms, presented her for baplien), The officiating minister then sprinkled water on the baby's brow, saying, " Alex andea, I baptize thee in the name of the Father and the Son anil the Holy Ghost, Amen." He then prayed for the infant, for her parents, for the Queen, the Prince and Princcss of Wales, and the rest of the Royal family, endiog with the Lord's Prayer and the apostolic benediction. The ceremonial was severely simple, and yet most impressive.-Times. HOUSE-CLEANING BY MACHINERY.-At the estab lishment of the Manchester Carriage Company, Pendleton, there is now in practical operation a novel and an ingenious system of cleaning horses by means of a steam-brushing machine. The idea has evidently been derived from the revolving -brush whicli many hairdressers have had in uee; but the application of the idea to horse- cleaning is ol such utility, and has had co great an effect in economising labor, that it is worth afiublic notice, efipecially as we believe the machine is not in use in any other stable. On an omnibus horse being brought into the stable, | after liis three hours' work-during which, in any kind'of weather, he removes from the roads of Man 'Chester and Salford an almost incredible quantity of dirt-he is taken to this shed, and a man applies to him tbe machine-brush. In about half an hour the animal is thoroughly cleaned, and only the head requires finishing by hand. The cleaning effected by the machine is much more searching and effectual than the most diligent hand-currying can possibly be; and to the majority of animals the greater cleanliness of their skins, as well as the improved circulation of the blood which ia { roduced by the machine-brush, appear to be acceptable. Under the old system, a man was thought to have done a fair day's work if he cleaned ten or a dozen horses; but by the machine he can clean thirty in the 6ame time, and wiih considerably less bodily labor. Manchester Guardian. A NEW CEMENT.-A useful cement ia made by takiDg two parts ol flue silted unexidised iron flliugs, mixing tliem with one part of perlectly dry aud fioely powdered loara, and kneading the mixture with strong vinegar uutil a perfectly homogeneous plastic mass is formed, when the cement is ready for use. It must be made us wsnted, for it quickly hardens, and ouce set is never fit for use again. The cement is said to resist lire and wutftr.-Mechanics' Magazine. We believe that it is the intention of iir J. D. Wood to leave tue colony by the next mail Bteamer on a trip to Europe, which will probably extend over a couple of years. 