TO Ttl* BDITOR OP THE EMITO!!. Sir,-I shall bo obliged to you, if space caa. bo found in your columns for a few romarks upon tho ono sided view wliioh your contemporary takes of tho Stato-aid question, whether it bo right or wrong for tba Garera mont of a country to encourage and Bupport religion ia the land. Every mah may.bo' albwed to* express an opinion. So far as regards members ia tho ¿Legislativo Assombly the balance is about equal ; but, in looking over tho namer, there is a difference in another respect ; and it is certainly remarkable tbatf ho voluntary system should be advocated,by those who do little or nothing in upholding roligion or . some of them may, perchance, be interested .in some pot par- son, or cbmfortablo piscó of worship» which is held up as an example worthy of imitation ; but how many suah chapels do wo find throughout tba country? I fear thor aro very few and far-between* Indeed, Sir, thc enemies of Stato-aid, for the most part» do not aot as though they believed ia tho doctrines they toidi. Too often bas it boon found that thoy know how to .".build.upon another rana's foundation ;" or, as it has beon said, " others may beat, tho bush while they pick up the gamo." 1 think some good man has stated that ho nqrer .saw a minister of religion in the bush ; j but, suddenly recollecting himself, somothing like tho I ghost of n clergyman was ? aeon, but ho quickly disap- peared in tho 'house of a rich squatter. dadoed, what a wiso mani Perhaps ho was ono of those who boliovod' ' in tho voluntary j system, and'wont where he would bo taken caro of; but if thiB be (ruo, I should be anxious to know whotherha had not, during tho day,;been, visiting shepherds' lint« and speaking a word in seaton tb ' teamsters, aiid other» on tho road. Unhappily, legislation ie , for tho town and not for tho country. Vfo aro too apt to measure others. by oursolycá', and suppose that all who hare taken holy orders aro .pretty, much Uko, oursclvos. It is not always that tho man who figures in tho pulpit is moro efficient in his Moslor's Work than tho almost forgotten servant who shrinks, from courting tho applauso of his fellows by'bcaririg the burden and heat of tho day. , It is quite true that tho .pooplo in general, to whom tho ministrations of roligion aro offered, are very often hardly able to ¡ find' means for -; tho support of them- selves and 'fumilos, and alas, somo are to be found, who 3 would bo excused from con» tributing, bécáuso they would < bo lot alone. There it in tho voluntary system muoh of inconsistency, whatever may be said about maintaining diverso creeds by means of publio monoy; but what will: bo said of those who profess lo have faith' iu- tho voluntary sys tom and yet fail to carry out their own principles, and would try_ to silence tho voico of any who do wish to act consistently and conooi»ntiotiolj<, CT»U tu purveuu» tion. It is not long einco that an excellent minister was obliged to resign his circuit pn account of Bomo imaginary defect in his mi p ist ration, and had.it rot been fora fow friends who folt for tho man ho would have beon greatly inconvenienced. To say tho loast, an educated and rofinod mind shrinks from tho iden of tho pay table. If wo nra to.havo voluntaryism, then, in all fairness, let it bo general. '" I am. Sir, your ohcdlont servant. A. B. SUOOTINO TO LET FOR TITE, SEASON.-In consequence of tho retirement qf their ' Majesties . tho Kings at Hanover and Saxon; from thoir conn try seats, Motsrs.. Bernstorff «nd Co. me instructed by M. Bismarck, the local neont, to offer to public competition tho sole right of shooting o'er their preierycs. . These abound with: the, uanoi game, consisting of DlilnnB, Jagers, Landwhers, Croa's, and smaller game, such as Mr. Carlyle has described as " wild ' Pandear.Doggery," In addition it maybe mentioaod that abundant oppor- tunities will bo found far bringing dawn the well known doublo-boadcd eagle, At tho first namoi shoot- ing a commodious lodge otis's, supplied with, ovory luxury, arid magnificently furnisbod, with splendid pictures by the old mailers, ¡ while. ,lbore will be found an ample supply of the most, useful crockery. To those, in search of. retirement and perfcot quiet the Hanoverian shooting quarters , can ho con fi Joally re- commended, M, Bismarok will take oro that adequate supplies aro providod fer the tenant, and will find all the necessary ammunition gratis. Bent not so'mack an objeot as a. tenant who will preservo the property. Applications to be made to Messrs, Bernstorff and Co., Carlton House-terrace, Loodon,-Owl. AFTER, DINNER SrsAKiKO.-"When moro . thar» eighteen people (of the malo sex) dino together (for, to dosooiety justice, nobody is now pcmIttcd to propose a toast at a private party), there is al wars a chance of somebody malting ma' uncomfortable. . Now why does he do that ? Is he nware that, with the exception of Mr. Bright, Mr. Gladstono, 'MK Di'rao'i, and Mr. Diikêns, Ibero aro not half-a dozen men in England who oan say anything extempore worth hearinr ; or does he suppose that be is one of those six ? Do 1, or anybody présent (although, wo may madly rap the table with tho handles of our dessert knives),, care three farthings for what be thinks npon the subject he has chosen to dilate upon.' oven nt his hist ; or (loos he imagine that, gorged with food arid, drink, he-is in a bettor condition than usual fur expressing those oom monplaao ¡dens of his? If he really believes what ho says, namely, tbat " he feels it hts duty to get up and 'say a few words, Ac," bo deserve*, indeed, consignment to a lunotio asylum, and a strait-waistcoat to keep him quiet in the cab. But tho fact is he ls lying, and ha knon ? it. While ho talks about his nant of eloquence (When wo all cry "no, no,") boin bis heart " believos himself to be a Kossuth in that respect; Ho is a foolish, vain,-impertinent, false mari. Why is the pleasant conversation of my ñ<-xt neighbour (who has road my works, I find, and likes them),' to bo totully interrupted, and alienee .tobo prcolaime'd for this ridiculous - coxcomb, wl-o happens to have tho gift of t liking on his hind legs f 1 I protest against it in tho name or those down-trodden my ii ide who ore forced to cry "hear, hear," with thoir lips, whilo their minds a-« full of bitterness and Contempt Who wants,to hear what ' he has to say about tho Queen and the Boyal Fatally, and tba memory of bis Itoyal High- ness tho Prinro Consort f Who' cares whether bo ap- proves or not of rho institutions of the army and navy f Who feels .the slightest interest' in tile f.iot that this fellow can lay his band anon his heart, while he patro- nises, the, Oburoh "of England; or what mïruber of the establishment wonld not on tho whole bs rather pleased than not to lind that suoh a stickler waB a Dissenter? Why thew onlofies npon the House of Teers for instance, as though they hid departed from tis that afternoon, and were novar more to bc heard of save upon this momentous occasion ? Why should not "Vaccination, and may lt take," be proposed with BS muoh reason us the " Bench of Bishops '{" For my owu part, I admiro both Institutions, but I don't want to rifar Mr. Anybody'« views opon th» m immediately after dinner, Do lot us stop it, do,-Chambers* Journal, 