TOO MUCH MONEY. OHAMT.U I. 11 THE next question is, whero shall "ho "" holidays?" nskcd Unelo Chnrles. .'.'iatcrpo'ied " With euch of us in turn," nn»»''^1!',"??.'. * » No no ; that will unsettle ino c"',',n(.rfl," mloHl Unalo "fl? «ftV1il1, 1 «nrvir <i--T 1U for " y°»nB Birl ' Better lcavo her <."''"^,,/ '", Ilnt miitn n mnnT«i 7.1.1 «nt ray uncles, bnld-hendcd, Dutch-built, oldcrly gentlemen, ?witt heavy watch-chnins and projecting Btoninchs; wbilo 1, n slender little maiden of thirteen, nestled in ono corner of an enormous lenthorn chnir. I waa timid nnd tearful, for Aunt Flora was just dead ; and though Aunt Flora did not treat mo nearly so familiarly os sho treated Xerxes, tho gTcat Persian cat, still sho was tho only friend 1 hud had for a long time. In como Lord Colooney, a tnll old gentleman with snow white hair, a handsomo colourless faco, and a most attractive smile upon his lip. When ho smiled, ho reminded mo of dear papa, and I loved him. I was surprised to seo how my uncles-especially Undo Henry-bowed down boforo him. Unelo Henry mudo such obsequious salama, that I thought ho would never come up again, nnd yot I know that ho was immensely rich, whilo Lord Coloonoy was very | poor. Frosently,..flhcn theso polito salutations wera con- j eluded, Lord Colooney called mo to him, and taking my i bands kindly in his own, naked if I knew who ho wa», nnd I snid: ""Yep, you nro grnndpnpn." With thia statement he seemed highly pleased, and gavo mo a kiss. Tho fivo gentlemen then began to tnttlo very earnestly and very leugthijy, so that atthough I understood a good deni that they paid, I grow rather weary, and yawned onco cr twice privily behind my hand Uncle John noticed this, and enid kindly : " You aro getting tired, Louisa. Hore, Mr. Furlong, tako this young Indy ont for a walk ; shew her tho shops, and buy her something to eat." Mr. Furlong wns a bristly-haired, long-Ieggod porsonngo, very nervous and very apologetic. Ho apslogiaed to mo for having left his gloves in his greatcoat pocket, and also on discovering thnt lio hnd como out with his pon bohind his ear. I had two buns and a strawborry-ico otapaatry-cook's, and then ho asked mo what sort of shops I would Uko te look at. 1 said I would sooner go into a quiet placo, away from tho noiso of tho carringca. So ho took mo into a delightful littlo churchyard, with houaos all round it, Ho remained so silent, thnt I tbonght ho hated having to como out with me, and I naked him why ho did not talk. " It's not my place, miss," ho said humbly, " to talk to a young lady liko you. I'm only a clerk "-ho pronounced thc word as if rhyming to Turk-" whilo you aro grand- daughter to n peer of tho realm, and hoireas to thirty thousand pounds." " Thirty thousand pounds ! Aro you suro ? " Positive, misa. Tho governor sent ino down to the Commons to look ot tho will." " And who has given ino all this money ? "Your aunt, Miss Flora Dobbs, mies." By this timo Mr. Furlong hnd ovorcomohis shyness, and told mo what a clover womnn my aunt was, and how sho spent all her lifo in tho accumulation of houso-property. " Boing n child, you only know hor, miss, aa a lover of cats. But cats wns merely her relaxation. Leaseholds, copyholds, ground-rents, and carcasses waa tho business of her lifo ; nnd sbo doubled her original capital." Mr. Furlong grow gradually more and moro com- municative, and launched out into such praises of my father, that my eyes sparkled with pleasure. " Four times," ho said, " havo I lind tho honour of seeing tho captain. What a lino 'nndsomo, manly gontleman ho vrna! Free-hnnded, liko most Iliriah gonta, but a perfect nobleman iu his idenB. And when 1 heard ho was drowned »board the yncht in Cnrdignn Bny, I took tho Bills Keceivnblo out of tho snfo, and looking nt tho ncccptancoa signed Adam Fity.ndnm, I said with a sigh : " Ah, nobody Will take you up now when you como to maturity !" I did not understand this flight of eloquence, hut it sounded very pathetic; and ns Mr. Furlong drow his coat Bleevo acroBs his oyes, I wiped away a tear or two with my pocket-handkerchief. " I think, misa, wo had better bo returning," said Mr. Furlong. "And, oh, Miss Filmdom !" ho continued, in a heartfelt tone, " should it over bo in your powor-which, doubtless, it will-to 'elp a poor clerk who has only a 'undord a year, and nn nged relativo to koop out of that, not to mention an attachment of aoven years' standing at Camberwell, but unable to bo compassed through poverty on both sidca, I hope, Miss Fitzadam. you won't forget the huniblo party who now addresses you," " I promiEO you twill not," I exclaimed warmly, "When wo returned to tho office, I found that all my ? relatives hnd left excepting Undo Henry, who wns seated alone with Lord Colooney. " Well, Louisa," said my grandfather, " wo havo ocltlod our business, and I hopo you will npprovo of tho arrange- ment. Your uncles have, in tho moBt generous and disinterested manner-I alludo especially to Mr. Henry Dobbs- waived tho natural desiro thoy felt to superintend your education. They havo consented to intrust that duty to my unworthy self, I could not havo ventured to under- take tho task, but for tho confidonco which I reposo in Lady Colooncy's prudenco and wisdom." " It's much tho beat plan, my lord," observed Undo Henry ; " and I hopo your lordship will excusa my brothers Charles and Dnvid for their rudoneaa. AB for John, 1 knew ho would listen to my arguments. Ho always does, my lord, 'I bero can't bo any queation in tho matter. Wo nro plnin commercial mon, immersed in business, whilo your lordship is hond-in-glovo with tho world of fashion. My nicco'a fortune ia held in trust by us four brothers, and I "hopo Bbo may.,livo to adorn sucha Btation ns your lordship and hor ladyship may seo lit to bestow upon her." "Aro you eatiaficd. Louisa?" asked my grandfather .with a Bweet smile, ns ho drow mo towards him. " Quito Botisflod," Baid I, kissing his cheek. Uncle Henry also saluted mo, and tho interviow carno to an end. CJIATTEH ll. Tho Dobbses wero a money-making familjr.' My great- grandfather, who cunio up to London with a Bovcn ehilling piece nnd fourponcc-hnlfponny in his pocket, loft a very pretty fortune to his son. My grandfather managed this pretty fortuno so cleverly that ho enlarged it into what was called a " plum " in thoso days. At hiB donth, his "plum " was divided fairly and equitably among four sons nnd two daughters. My uncles, especially Iionry and John, had all inoreased their original proportions by nsaiduouB induatry ; and Aunt Floro, as I havo shown, followed their example. Eut my mother, who wns tho child .of my grandfather's old age, seemed lo bo cast in a different mould. A year after my grandfather's death, abo delivered ber fortune," together with her own pretty hand, to tho unconditional care and keoping of tho Honorable Adam FitEudnm, Captain in Her Majesty's -th Dragoons, and lord Colooney'a youngest son. My prudent uncles disapproved of tho match; and Aunt Flora was very angry indeed ot Louisa's sentimental folly in marrying the younger Bon of a pauper peer (my respected aunt seems to havo relished thia bit of alliteration, tor I find it repeated seven times in her correspondence of that period). ;;But what did my mother carer sho was a high-spirited wilful young lady,.and Bho loved Captain Fitzadam's littlo finger better than tho corporal substanco of all her brothers and sisters put together. I don't wonder that she loved my father, for ho was a most lovablo man. And such a handsomo man, too ! Such a noble iiguro, such beautiful blue eyes, and such waving brown hair ! Full of fun and frolic ; and on wet days-which aro not uncommon in tho ?west of Ireland-ho would play puss-in-tho-corncr with mamma and mc, and Norah tho nurso, as if ho had been only BÍX years old. But ho had sonio peculiarities, Ho fancied, as WBB very natural for a young Irish gontloman, that my mother's sixteen thousand poundjj^was Bixtcon thousand a year. So ho kopt a pack of hounds, and ran horses at tho races, and bought a yacht, and entertained his friends royally. Mamma and I often accompanied him on board tho yacht, and I used to help to pull up what aro colled tho Bignol-hnlyards with my littlo fcoblo hands. How woll I recollect ono especial day on Kingstown Pior ! Myjathcr, in bia straw-hat and bluo jacket, looking ovory inoh a sailor-king, wanted my mother to croas over with him to Cardigan Bay. But oho deciinod, becauso hor health was just then a littlo delicate. So he and two jovial bachelor friends went together, and wo watched them waving their hats as thoy hoisted mammn'a privato flag. Wo never saw him again. Some enid tho vessel mado too much water, others hinted that thoro was too much champagno on board. Whatovcr was tho causo, tho Horan Creina foundered off tho Caernarvonshire coast, and though everybody clso escaped in tho boat, my poor father, who was a nioBt excellent Bwimmer, was drownod. I havo only a confused recollection of what followed. Our nico house seems to havo been transported by aomo magic influence into a back-street in Dublin, tho garden had shrunk into n shabby yardi, and mamma did not look BO pretty ns Bho used to look. Sbo had pale cheeks and rod eycB ; and after my littlo brother was born (of oourso ho ?was called Adam), sho stayed in bed a good deal. Wo bad a great many visitors, hut they wero mostly dis- agreeable people, who used to havo long conferences with Korah in thc pnBsngOj'and novcr got any further-except ono man, a very nico man with n dirty face, who was always in tho kitchen, and who taught mo how to moko garden-nets. Ho told mo his namo was Mr. Bailiff. I suspect wo wero very poor at that limo; but mamma declared that oho would"not ask her brothers and sister to help her, becaueo thoy had been so unkind about Captain Fitzadam. At last mamma grew very ill, and then Aunt Flora came over from England with two pot cata in a bnskot. Mr. Bailiff went away, and tho dinners bocoino much nicer than thoy uBCd to bo. But mamma had no appetite for tho nico dinners; sho got palor and weaker every day, and when littlo Adam died in teething, sho soon followed him. Tho interval was really longer ; hut, to my childish recollection, tho great black box and tho littlo black box seem to havo been both carried out of tho house on tho samo day, CHAPTEII III. Nobody troubled themselves about mo in thoso days except Aunt Flora, and oven sho was only distantly kind when I carno homo for the holidays. But when Aunt Tlora died, and loft mo all her property (except flvo hundred poundB devised for tho purposo of founding a Befuge for tho Stray Cats of St Georgo's, Bloomsbury), I became quite an important pernonago. My uncles vied, as I havo shown, for the honour of entertaining me ; «nd my grandfather, ^_^£f3rShorto remained contentedly ignorant of my \--^íu-tíce, camed mo away with him to Paris. Lndy //..'money, his second wife, who had a largo family of her own, received mo very graciously, which waa not surprising; for, hy a pnvato arrangement with Undo Henry, thu wholo interest of my thirty thousand pounds was paid quarterly to my grandfather, and constituted a very pleasant addition to tho precarious income which ho derived from his heavily - mortgaged property in Connaught. But far groater luck waa in store for me. Within a few years, my undo Henry died, without even accomplishing hm long- intended marriage, and left nm tho who'o of hi« fortuno-moro than two hundred and fifty thousand pounda. Undo John, who during lifo hud always followed his stronger minded brothel's example, imitated him by dying a fow months later, and bequeathing mo seventy thousand jionnds. Thus, a girl who, only a fow yans before, waa left a pcnnilesa orphan, found herself, nt*tho agc of soven tcen, worth nt least threo hundred nnd fifty thousand pounds. I felt rnther vexed (han pleased nt tho amazing increase of my wenltb. Thirty thousand pounds weis a very nico sum to marry with, but ton times that amount was a burden and an annoyance. I did not forget my old acquaintance, Mr, Furlong, who hnd been thrown out of employment by my undo Henry's denth. I should hnvo liked to hnvo given him a thousand pounds (a mere dropout of the occnu of my riches), jual to enable him to mnrry-hia Camberwell sweet- heart comfortably ; but Lady Coloonoy, to whom I mentioned tho matter, talked so solemnly of tho responsi- bilities of people of property, declaring that my gift would be tho ruin of a well- conducted and industrious young man, that I wns forced to coûtent myself by recommending him to my uncles Charles and David. They were now in pnitnerabip together and wishing to oblige their powerful wnrd, mnde Mr. Furlong their chief-clerk. Tho Coloonoys benellted immonaoly by my improved ¡ fortunes. My grandfather, who used to íivo in a poorly , furnished appartement, who dined, when not invited dso wherc, nt n modest restaurant, anti who had much ado to keep tho second family with which Lndy C. presented him decently attired, now carno over to England, and lived in a style consistent withins grnud-dnugbter'a riches. Ho took n sumptuous Belgravian mansion, and gavo grand entertain- ments. Ono son entered tho Guarda, another bocamo a fjentlcman-commoner al Oxford, whilo my aunts (it seoms tunny toonil them mint*, for they wore girls Of my own ngo) nstonished tho world by tho brilliancy and variety of their toilctB. As for myself. 1 ought to hnvo been very happy, for my grandfather treated mo with tho most ohnnuing politeness, Lndy Coloonoy was honey-sweet ; nil tho family arrangements woromndo to depend ou my sovereign will and pleasure. But I soon »egan to feel tho disadvantages of great wealth ; I becauio as notorious aa if I hnd committed n murder. Tho newspapers chronicled my movements in a very special manner. 1 had a littlo Court Ciroular all to myself. As for begging- letter writers, from clergy- men wanting to build now churches, down to carpenters who hnd just lost their tool-chests in a iiro, I should hnvo boon inundated with them, had not Lady Coloonoy (an ndmirablo mannger in this respect) kept them oil', Kvon.in society, 1 was gazed at rather unpleasantly. Peoplo seemed to wsndcr that a girl who had suddenly bocomo a millionaire should look Uko any one oleo, nnd 1 think some of my own BOX were disappointed lo find tbnt I waa not oxtrnordinnrily plain. Thou 1 wns never Buttered to bo nlono, Should tho other members of tho family quit thc room tn which I was sitting, n confidential governess or a trustworthy friond would glido in, IIB if by tungie. Did I retiro for hnlf an hour's solitude to my boudoir, there waa always a lady's mnid sealed in tho nntechanibor. I complained to Lady Coloftney about it, and Eho answered me quito frankly, " My dearest Louisa," sho snid solemnly, " in your position it- ÍB absolutely necessary. Your great fortuno compels us to (rent you almost ns if you wcro a royal personage. You nrei young and inexperienced ; you have no idea, my sweat child, whnt ennros nnd traps besot- tho path of an heiress." 1 knew whnt thia meant in plain English-it meant that thero were plenty of people ready to run away with mo ngninBt my will ; and that thoso charmingly-polito trades- men who Como and show to us wealthy folks iaco, old china, and diamond bracelets, might possibly bo unscrupulous heiress-huntinç adventurers. I dreamed ono night that two villnins, disguised ns wnahorwomcn, carried mo off in a clothes-basket, and held inc to ransom in souio dreadful gnrret for a hundred thousand pounda. '*' Ono thing wns soon settled, thnt I was to marry a duke. Un fortuna! ely, thero wcro only six disengaged dukes, and I did not caro for any of them. But Lady Coloonoy convinced mo that 1 must cither marry a man as wealthy as myself, or else a man of tho most exalted rank. Any other match, sho said, woulel bo degrading to a person tn my position. " Heigh-ho !" I used to say to myself, when watching some poor milliner or governess tripping along tho slreots all alone and unprotected, " who would wish to bo rich? I nm kept under tho strictest aurvcillnnce, and fronted liko ii BiiporQnc tickct-of-lenvo mnn. I nm weary of perpetual deference and adulation. I should enjoy a irooel wholesome scolding, such as Norah used to administer. Now, nobody scolds mo, and nobody loves mo. 1 am merely nu animated 'Koh-i-noor;' something which ovcry ono regards with intenso watchful- ness nnd anxiety." ClIAl'TEH IV. Conceive a young lady with threo hundred nnd fifr.j thouennd pounds in love! It founds ridiculous, but it wai true. Moreover, it wns secret, unreciprocated love. I mc him several times in society, nnd I first took an intcrost ii bim beenuso ho talked to mo with frankness and freedom The young men generally wcro ao tiresomely aminblo, oi oleo so shy and diffident, 1 Kupposo on nccount of my unluck] wenltb, thnt I could not tolerate them. But Cnptaii Bntclillb Ecemcd totally iniifl'erent to my bank treasures and treated mo as a young lady whoso society ho prcferrce for her own Bake. I told Lady Coloonoy thia, and that hi actually scolded mo (I forgot whnt for, but tho aemalioi was very pleaannt). Sho replied thnt I littlo knew th cunning of tho mnsculino henrt, and that Cnptaiu Ratcliffe blunt sincerity was far moro auspicious than tho mos fulsomo adulation. " But, my child," says she, " you mus not drenm of him for a moment. Ho ia a mau of gooi family, but utterly poor. He has only his sfafl-iippoinlmen (worth about four hundred a yenr) and bia captain's pay ?with a prospect of ten thousand pounds when bia mothe dies. You might ns well think of marrying tho hnll-porler.' I afterwards regretted that I had displayed my penchant s transparently to her acute ladyship, for by som Mnchinvcllinn contrivnnco (na I (bought at thc timo), sb mnnnged thnt wo should no longer meet. Wherever w went, to dincer-pnrties, fOtes, or "drums," I looke nnxiously for my enptoin's tall figure, but ho romaine invisible. Ono doy while I was modilating about Captain Ratclifl't and wondering whether, on further acquaintance, ho coul possibly Bcparato me from my detestable inonoy-bnga, au love mo for my own sake-while I waa thud building a day dream, and sipping an afternoon cup of tea in company wit my grandfather, and his wife, Lord Colooney suddenly BI down his tea-cup, uttered a diplomatic h-ni, and the addressed ino in tho following alarming language: " Louisa, my dcor, I am growing old, and you aro uoarl nineteen,"-Two undeniable facts, and of a sufficient! prosaic character, but to mo very terrifying, for guessed, what waa coming next.-" 1 Bhould much like, an so would Lndy Colooney " (abo wna only forty-seven, an did not caro to' bo addressed na grandmamma) ; " wo shou! much like, my dour, to see you engaged to souio honourab and respectable man. You will perhaps herenfter npprecia much more than you can at present, the laboura nt nnxietiea which wo havo both undergone on your behal You aro probably Ecnrccly nwaro of the responaibiliti nltnching to (bo guardianship of a young person who Providence has blessed so bountifully. " In fact, my dear Louisa," interpGBcd Lady Coloone who began to percoivo that her worthy lord waa becoming littlo prosy, "many overtures havo been mado for tl honour of your hand. Wo desired to consult yoi happiness, and that alone, and wo have been compollcd reject them all." "Has Captain-Ratcliffe," I asked, stammering ai blushing, "said anything to you, Lady Coloonoy ? " Certainly not, my dear," answored my grandfnthoi wifo almost sternly. " Tho offers I speak of wore fro persons of far higher position ; but at length a propos has been mado from a quarter which Lord Coloonoy ai myself consider unexceptionable." " Ono of tho eix dukca ?" I aaked rather pertly. "You aro right, Louisa," replied Lady Coloone smothering any resentment which sho might feel nt u manner : it is one of tho six dukes." " I hopo not tho Duke of Cockermouth, that gouty c .creature t" . . , "No, my love. A moat excellent, highly-pnncipl young mun-only threo years older than yourself." " Barnstaple?" " Yes, tho Duko of Bnrnstaplo. Ho is not rich ; BO tb ns Coloonoy has very pointedly observed, your wealth w gracefully gild his coronet ; but ho has sufficient to prove peoplo from saying that ho marriod for monoy. You w bo a nico, snug, comfortable couple, with I should say, abs twenty-live thousand a j ear. Not a largo income for a dui but an incomo which a prudent young man liko Barnato] will, I am sure, find sufficient." I could not help smiling to hear Lady Coloonoy talk glibly about twenty-fivo thousand a year, when I i membered that in her Parisian troisième étage days, s did her own marketing, nnd wns reckoned auch a kc bargniner, that tho Dames des Halles fled at her approacl " Well, Louisa, what do you think of it?" asked t grandfather. "I don't know what to think of it," I nnsworod cooli " I suppose I must marry somebody, if I don't wah ripen into a millionaire old mnid ; and, after all, dukes i a very respectable body of men.-But do yon think, Ln Colooney," I added with Bomo hesitation, "that tho dc can possibly feel any-any-regaid for mor" " My love," Bho Baid, kissing mo affectionately, n Bhedding'a tear ns sho did ao, which rolled down my noi and diBConcertcd mo extremely, " you shall hear from '. own lipB to-morrow; he is coming lo dino with us." CHAVTEII V. I often used to wonder, as I Bat beforo tho glass, wt Euphemia was busy adorning mo for tho evening sacriii whether I was really nice-looking. I could not trust i own eyes ; they were sure to bo partial, and I could not ¡ an opinion from any ono else. If I questioned Euphcrr sho burst into a subdued littlo lady'B-maidieh laugh, c beginning : " Donr mo, miss," would pour forth a wlsl washy flood of polpablo flattery. Now, I think an heir has moro right to bo anxious about her looks than any < else, for if sho is pretty, somebody may possibly forgot ] bank securities, and fall in love with her beauty ; whor ifeho is a fright, she may bo nearly certain that hor ca and her coan only, is tho object of tho falso swai worship. Of course, I was anxious to look well that evening wi tho duke waa coming-I should not bo. a woman if 11 not. Besides, it was to he a most private festival. Nobe but my grandfather, lindy Coloonoy, myself, and <*% futuro Husband. At n Inrgo dinner-party, ono mnv cscnpo notice; butwhcntlicron.ro only four peoplo nt table, you cm, without nny storing or bronch of politeness, examino every Itt ni of your neighbours' dress, features, and ox pression. Well, tho duko arrived, and wo nil stood quietly nt. tho drawing-room windows admiring tho sunset, which, for a Lenden exhibition of tho kind, wns quito a gorgeous nifnir ; then at n quarter to niuo wo sat. down to dinner Lord and Lndy Colooney at, tho hoad nnd foot of tho tablo, ! nnd his Grnce and myself opposito ench other. Thc old folks prattled very pleasantly to ninko up for tho young folks' silence. I suspect both of us youthful persons were sadly distrait. 1 knew what tho duko had*como for, und I wondered whether ho suspected that I know. Ho was really very nice-looking-about tho middle height, with a fnir, fresh, open face, nnd littlo downy whiskers just budding on his eheoks. Rather given to blushing, but that, perhaps, wns hecnuso I sat opposito him. Ile talked with tho utmost naturalness and modesty, and was certainly as pleasant a specimen of n "Wonted nristocrnt" ns 1 havo over encountered. Tho conversation during dinner wns utterly trivial and uninteresting ; but nt dessert, Lord Coloonoy began to apeak of tho prospects of tho forthcoming grousc-sonson in Scotland, "I've got a lotter to-dny," said tho duko, " that makes mo rather despiso grouso-shooting, or oven deer-stalking. Rend thnt, Colooney." My grandfather raised his glasses, and rend tho passage indicated. "I hnd tho honour of putting n bullot into tho skull nf tho old lion, while tho sheik nnd his followers eeltlcd tho lioness. I inonu to bring the cubs homo, nnd, if your grace will opon nmeungcrio nt Dulverton Mnnor, shall hnvo much pleasure in presenting (hem to you." "'Only fancy, Mis* Fitzndam !" said tho duke; "tin's glorious sport is within a week's journey of wbero wo nro now sitting-in the Atlas Mountains, Captain Ratcliffe's a lucky fellow." " ls that Captain Rntcliffo of tho -th regiment ?" I asked, colouring. "?Ves. Do you know him? Cnpitnlfellow-splendid shot, and n good horseman." , "Wo know him very slightly," interposod Lady Colooney, who had observed my blushes. Wo ladies now roso from tablo, and loft tho gentlemen to that curt enjoyment of their wino, which ia sanctioned by modern habits. On reaching tho drawing- room, Lady Colooney ngnin kissed my cheek, murmuring aa sho did so : "My child. no wonder you feel agitated ' (for a girl of nineteen, wno was about to encounter a propoaal, I felt remarkably cool) ; " but I can judgo of your acnanlions by my own. It will soon bo over. Louisa" (Lady C, spoko as if it was a tooth), " and everything is arranged. Colooney will aljp quietly out of tho room ; I shall presently follow ; and I shall givo Lipthorpo" (thia was tho butler) "the most stringent orders to admit no ono to tho drawing-room or twenty minutes following." Presently tho gentleman carno up stairs, and 1 bogan to feel really nervous,' especially when my respected grand- father, muttering Bomo indistinct remark about au important letter on his droesing-tablo, left tho room. Her ladyship brought a volunto of eighteeulh-eontuty caricatures for tho duke to look at, in my company of course, and thon sho also slid imperceptibly out of tho room. I did not daro look up, nor did I hear her go, yet I know (bat sho had gono, ana that 1 nnd tho man who wished to moko mo his SVifo were left alono togothcr. I felt so silly and so shy. and was BO certnin that tho duke must notico nn enormous blush which seemed to éprend from my forehead to my shoulders, that I kept on stnring at ono sketch without uttering a word. I "You Ecoin struck with that drawing, Miss Fitzndam," I said tho duke. . "No-yes-that is-I beg your Graco'spardon-I waa thinking how familiar tho hooped dress seems to tho oyo. It gives tho picture quito a modern look." " Exactly, replied his Graco. Then with an altered air, nnd a Hurried tono of voice, ho continued, after looking up from tho sketch-book: "MÍSB Fitzndam, I porcoivo that your grandfather nnd grandmother (I beg your pardon, I mean Lady Colooney) happen to bo both out of tho room. May I take tho opportunity to say a fow words to you on a subject which deeply concerns my future hnppincss ?" Tho poor young mnn delivered this sontonco with wondoriul glibness ; I hnvo no doubt ho had learnt it by heart, liko a maiáou-Epcech for tho houso ; but after it, ho broko into a succession of short spasmodic ejaculations,' of which I can recollect very littlo, for 1 was myself quito palo, and much moro frightened than 1 had expected to bo. JBut ho said something of this sort : "Admired you immensely, MÍES Fitzadam, tho first moment I saw you-'Fraid you think I'm too young-fault I sholl amend every year, hu ! ha !-ought to marry- man in inj' position-nover scon nny girl-any ono, I moon-like so <W»11-if you'll toko mo, Miss Fitzadani, d» all I can to mnko you a happy wife." Ho looked so "modest and yet BO monly as ho said these words, that my heart was touched, and tho tears gathorcd in my eyes. " Perhaps ho really loves mo," I thought. Th<n I told him how sudden tho proposal hnd bean, that ho must exemo mo from saying oithor"Yos" or "No" nt present ; thnt wo must seo moro of each other ; and that in a few mouths Tho duko evidently took all this to moan "Yea," for he interrupted my broken utterances by respectfully kissing my hnud, and then (I suppose Lipthorpo gnvo tho signal) my grandfather ro-entcrcd tho room in tho moat hypocri- tically- unconcerned manner, followed by Lady Coloonoy who, as if her wholo soul waa devoted to prints, exclaimed vivuciouBly : " Duko, I'vo found tho second volumo of the caricatures !" And indeed ono of Mr. Lipthorpo'a myrmidons brought it on a tray, and BO ended tho propoaal-sceuo. CllAl'Tlitt VI. Of couiEO tho wedding-engagement (for such it became) of two such great personages as his Grnco of Barnstaple and myself soon got mysteriously hinted nt in tho fashion- able newspaper?. Momba passed away ; Seymour and 1 (I givo bia Christian name) aaw moro of each otbor, »nd liked ench other better for tho increased acquaintance. The scnaon carno to an end, Soymour went to tho moora, and my grandfather nnd his wife accompanied mo on a visit to o certain MrB. Lomax, an old widow-Indy in Devonshire. They wero rather late ricers in that houso, and tho poat mnn ut ed to nrrivo boforo wo descended to breakfast. One t morning na I was coming down Btnirs, I waa surprisod te overhear Mrs. Loiunx, who wan usually a lethargic poraon Eiiying in nn excited tono of voico to ono of tho aervanta " Hnvo you token the lottorB to Mies Filzaduni'a room ?' " No, ma'am." " Givo them to me then-givo them to mo; she must M no account havo them." "What could bo tho matter? I entered tho breakfast parlour, and found Lady Colooney Bented on tho sofa sobbing hysterically; while my grandfather stood at th' mantel-piece, his lneo deadly pale, and nu opon lotter in hi bund. " My dear !" exclaimed Mrs. Loninx hurriedly, "yoi lind better not como in just now. Tako hor to her room do, poor creature," Ehe said, addressing nnotber old Indy, i tnll vtnernble-looking pcrsonngo, "whilo I attend to th Colconcya." I did not know tho lady-a Mrs. Ratcliffe-who led m gently jet forcibly up stairs, for she waa o visitor, whe being ns cnrlj' in her habits ns Mrs. Loninx was late, hu come fivc-nnd- twenty miles bj- railway that morning. I was terribly agitated. " Tell mc, 1 beg you, madam,' I Enid, nB soon ns I reached my room, "what ia th mnttcr." " I really do not know," replied tho visitor kindly. " hnd scarcely token off my bonnet when the post arrived, an Lord nnd Lndv Colooney immediate!}' becaruo BO doopl, affected." " Ono of their children must bo ill or dead. Plena inquire for me ; I must know, dear Mrs." " Ratcliffe," Enid tho old lady quietly, and left tho roon Thal mime sent a (brill through my heart, for which felt ashamed. I had reason to bo ashamed, for tho nos instant 1 wns thinking of Seymour. " Perhaps," 1 thought " Eomo terrible accident on tho moors has " "It ÍB neither death nor illnes8," said Mrs, Ratcliffo, n she quietly re- entered the room. " Thiuik God ! thnnk God !" I exclaimed. " But ns regnrds yourself, they tell mo it is worao now thnn that." " Worso thnn thal ! Whnt can bo worso than that ?" "MisB Fitzndam, you havo two uncles, mercantil men." " Yes, Uncles Charles and David ; what of thom?" "Last ycai- they took another partner into thei businesB." "Well?" "My dear young lad}', ho lcd them into cnormou speculations; they lost severely, and in trying to snv themselves from failure, hnvo misappropriated almost a your property." " And is that all, dear Mrs, Ratcliffe ? I am BO happy . I" But tho excitement was too much for me, and I fuintc away. CHAPTER VII. Tho Duko of Barnstaple (I must coaso fo call hil Soymour) wroto mo a very handsome, honourable lotto Baying thnt no reverso of fortuno would induce him I recall his déclaration; but I fancied I could traco in i sentences a tone of coldness and restraint, so I replii bluntly, that unless ho were certnin that ho could lovo ii for my own fake, wo had better break off tho cngagoiucn Some third party (a frieud of tho duke) then iutervone nnd began n long correspondence with Lady Coloonoy. Ti end of it was that (ho compact wns dissolved (o my gre contentment. But oh ! you can't conceivo tho buoyancy my spirits whon I found thnt I was reduced to oomfortnb poverty! When tho bankrupts' catato waa wound up, received five thousand pounds, and perhaps ono of the dnys 1 Bhnll get a further dividend. Then I went dow to tho City in great Btato in n common street-cab, nt called at my uncles' counting-houso. Anxiety and disgrin hnd turned them info two shrunken old men. They looki at mo ns if I had been a ghost. '. Uncles CbnrlcB and David," I said heartily, "I hm como to thank }ou." At these words they stared at mo with open mouths. "For losing my fortuno. Nature did not intend mof a rich woman. That three hundred and fifty thousat pounda was a terrible burden. I am now comfortably poo and thoroughly happy." I believe they thought I was crazy. At last Uno Charles ventured to speak. "You recollcot that clerk, Louisa, that took j'ou to tl pnstij'-cook'B six years ngo ?" ' " Of course I do : why, I recommended him to you." "Ah! Eo you did," gronned Unelo Charles. "M memory'H failing. Well, that clerk waa tho cauao of ot ruin. Ho waa what they call an enterprising man. W took him into partnership* and" "Ho has landed us in BnBinghall Street," said Uno I David. " AB far as I am concerned," I said, " Mr, Furlong h my full nnd freo forgiveness. But lot mo ask ono quostion. Bid ho over mnrry tho Camberwell Indy?" "Ho did, nnd it wns her lovo of dress nnd gnioty that first sot him spcculatinc" " How hnrd it is to do good in this world !" I murmured. To coucltule. Uneles Charles and David nro on thoir leg» nguiu, doing n small sufi) business, such ns befits two old bachelors of sixty-five. Mr. Furlong is in America. AB for myself, I made great friends with Mrs. llatclill'o, and in tho course of our acquaintance discovered a secret. The secret un», thnt 1 bud mado u deep impression on her ann months before, but na ho did not dino to propoao to a millionaire, bo determined to deaden bia grief by slaying lions in Algeria. You mny conceive Hint whnt 1 confided in return to Mrs. Ratcliffe waa of so encouraging a nature, thnt. niter n while Cnpinin Rntcliffo spoko to me himself on tho subject ; nnd tho end of it ia that wo mean to cast in our lot together, nnd becomo ono of the ¡tnppiest couples in Honevnioonahire.- Chambers. 