THE WAE IN GERMANY. (»0in th* Daily T*U$raphSpteial Corrtipondmt with tM fruuian Army.)' Reichenberg, June 34th. AT lut wa have enternd Bohemio. Aa far aa the eye can'reach it sees only columns advancing and sweeping past. On crossing the bordera end defiling before Prince Frederich Charles and his suite they AU tho air with never- ending acclamations and snatches of song, " Ich bin ein Freusae; " " Oh du Deutschland, ich muss macachiren," " Hinaus . In die fems mit lautem homerklang," and so forth. The strophe "Der freiheits. hauch geht mächtig durch dio welt" is still ringing' in my. ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial' spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply defined outiine'against the clear sunny skr. The Prince now spurs, from column te' column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans .with the help of the telescope and the map the range of coon try before us. The Prince's head-quarters are for the tune being probably only for a day-at Schloss Harfanstcin, - the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallas. Perhaps tho name is a good.omen for us; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to tho present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. AU the generals of thia race have been called by the Viennese the " Hecrtrommell'--^am* .of,tko., regiment-fe «eau as they vrco. only nlmrd of wheu beaton. 'Sutto Wa ore Oref Gondrecourt commands under Clam Gallas, and he Is a bold man of iron. The troops ore now bivouacking .on¿ m ;aminoaeo." Ont of the midst of -tho soldiers camping round the fires towers a horrible statue-that of St. Nepomuck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, in- fantry, repose in marching order, partly in the streets ' and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, bag- gage, are .piled up in pyramids ; horses tied - in - pairs, guns ind carriages aro drawn up in long rows. In spite of- the enoimoua fatigues (of the march,, the troops are in capital spirits, making tile hills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots wera heard at a distance. Now wo know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bringing in our first prisoners, two Badetsky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear-cut features ana a dark defiant expression. While the -prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horse ia going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast ; and now the' raw. pours, ia torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of .thnnder. The troops ore Wing under the canopy of heaven, and-In the mud! Every fire-Is extinguished ; nevertheless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring \- song, or round oath, are heard above tho noise of the rain, the rushing, of tito Neisse! and the crash of the thunder. . ' Lost night, during the wholo march from Zittau to Heichenberg, alarma were -constantly sounded-what 1 for, I am unable to say. To-day, too, tho troops have .been repeatedly alarmed. - They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy-a vain hope; It u possible that while we are pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with tiie main .army, will throw himself on the Crown ' Prince, only leaving a. few divisions to con- front ns in order to .divert our attack on-.the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers ' heve been aa well received as one can expect in an -enemy*s ' country.. Reichenberg ia swarming - with bodies of troops marching inte the town, and encamping. \- The 30th and 60th (the Zouaves of the army)-tis 24th and 64th (the victors at Aleen), in spite of their diminutive figures - strike the beholder wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough russel with an enemy superior in numbers 1 The Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the lithe, supple Brandenburgers. One gives these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit oven before proof-for being men to bB relied on to the death. We know for certain that they too, like their forefathers .in the War of libération, can .handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous, I should say irresistible ; but whether, like tho Brandenburgers, they, can'fight singly, or. whether their , officers dare leave them to . themselves for.a moment, has yet to beproved. The. East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know- that they will-never' fly. Reichenberg is a highly, interesting" town, in a lovely. country surrounded by Wooded heights. All eyes, are \- turned to the hill* lying opposite, behind .which.the, presence of the enemy Is suspected. The grand range of hills in thc distance now disappears in clouds of iain and mist, new mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind tie hüls lie the famous battle-fields, of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and. of the Seven Years' .Wars. Tho appearance of the distant hills grows more threatening. Tho mists roll-together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain- tops, shrouding them ?from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What await* us there ? I - Ashall probabably write my next letter during and after . the first engagement which will; herald- In the first I great battle. ; "- ;" Both parties' claim theI victory." It is curious to' ' observe with what vehemence the North and the South German'organs alike persist m asserting, and 'rejoicing at, thc glorious victories gained respectively ' by; the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The saine, journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reporta and telegrams,'forging documents,,&c; ; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies'aro severally represented by the ' organ! of their' opponents ss not much better than a - gang of robbers and murderers,- badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorta of illness decimating; their-ranks. - It is difficult to form an opinion as to ;who ls most to blame for such exaggerations;- but tha truth is generally, to be got at by comparing the several '?statements and waiting for'con Brmation . of one-sided ? ,¿MeitÍonSj.. meanwhilo merely'giving them' for ,what >lhey*are worth.* " * -'^?According to the New Frankfurter Zèttung, thaPrus siaiiB have been beaten back, not in one, but in throe different places iri Bohemia and GaUcIa, and the re- sult of these victories:is compared to'that of three simultaneous dccisivdoefealts suffered by Napoléon in IBIS,.-which led up to the decisive battle of of Leipzig'. The SaxoK army is said te have behaved .with great bravery in these last encounters,- and it ia expected that the Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Coros will also aeon show what the German'army can do against the .Sonderbundler. The paper even goes aoa far as te advise tho King of Prussia to follow the ex- ample of Charlea Albert ofter the hattla of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the 'country, so aa to enable it to obtain a moro favourable-peace, thanet will be. possible to get when Austria- and, Germany have'been compelled to make still greater' sacrifices for the re- storation of the Bund. However, the qualifying xs merk.ir added,-that this is only a wish,-tho fulfilment ' of which'they dare riot hope for. :.v The semi-official-Nort'dwUeh* AUegermêin* ZiUùnç hos the following : " The .opponents' of Prussia are attempting to disseminate through the foreign Press the invention that Prussia intends' annexing Hanover and. Electoral .Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia for many' weeks1 has; made untiring exertions to bring about the^tabliabmont bf a German Parlie _Government of ¡King George, and Minister " as th» "former Hanoverian Government,'1 which expression is' reputed'.Several , times,.' and looks rather ominous.1 The'Bavarian 'Government have vainly tried to obtain albai in Paris ond elsewhere, and it is. -now stated that.tho National Bank bf Austria has cometo tho rescue'with a considerable advance in ready cash- which - jwas probably, lying idle.in thB coffers, as rio more spioie payments are made by the Bank. The terms are under- stood to be anything but easy, ii I . In the Grand Duchy of Boden, which; was last in deciding upon mobilisation,' and joining the Austro Federals, they are now making up for tho lost tiito, i and arming with ali possible speed. The troops vdu join the 8th Federal Army Corps, .under. \Prince, Alexander of Hesse. A letter from Baden in , tho Ntue Frankfurter Ztitvnç warns ag ai ut the - danger of allowing tho ultramontane party : to deliver up the country altogether ito Austria, ; which would boas bad as getting into the hands of tao " Great Prussian " porty. Tho writer winds up with " God aave 'us from both, and give Germany tho vis . Thc Elector of Hesse Cassel, who ' is " .staying V st. Stettin, has the privilege of removing to Königsberg^, on account of the cholera or other reasons, ho should desire to do so. The Castle of Stettin where he resides was formerly tho rcsidenco of the Dukes of Pomerania, ' the last of whom was Boguslaw XIY., who died'in 1837\. It has before been used aa a kind of Sb-ta prison. The Governments still represented at Frank- fort have determined that the Government of Bleetocal. Hesse Is to be carried on in the name of theElectoriVy a commissioner. The Federal troops .axe to aottn conjunction with the army of Field-Marshal Benedijk according to a joint plan of operations. It ls said tint all tho Austro-Federal troops are.to wear the badfaa with the German colours. I The Duke of Coburg about six or eight weeks ag> took the precaution of selling his large family pro Sïrty, Gxeinburç, in Upper Austria, to his co usia, uko Augustus, m Vienna. ~ The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gothi heve agreed to the proposal for a union with Prussia and declared that.tne German Confederation is to oi considered si dissolved. They have also voted tat credit demanded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing and to mobilise \- . The free city of Lubeck hos agreed to the Prussian proposals for the formation of a now German Con- federation, and promised that ita contingont. shall in! no way be used against Prussia. The Senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the proJ posai, but declined placing its contingent at the dis-?, poul of Prussia. Bremen leaves Its contingent int connection with the Oldenburg army. Brunswick 1 wishes to remain neutral. ' The Federal contingenta of the P ruse ian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Landwehr of the I second.ban and part of the reserve, aro to he formed into two now reserve corps of the Prussian army. In some organs of the German Press it h'as been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace had been made by Austria at Berlin through special confiden- tial agent*. According to the*» rujnoixTJEi-a-U-w~. ? to nave all Hohenzollern and part of former Austria. j. . .. _ ^nrijwp _^^^wY'fôraèxly^Frussian representa- tive at the German Diet, has, during the last few days, been twice celled to the King o^Prussia, and it us tria waa to be confided tr Tr" 3,3 *? 1 ... Herr von Sydow is repoi maintenance of tho Co nf euer_ Some of the guns end war mattriet taken at Stade have already arrived at Flensburg ia Schleswig. The Holstein Vtrordmrngiblatt contains an official notification that young men liable to the conscription cannot obtain the usual permit* >o leave the oountry and stay abroad, except under the special authority of the Oberpresident. » The Hanoverian army that surrendered to tho Prussians consisted of IB battalions of infantry and a battalion of chasseurs, 1 Haubitz-battery, 2 batteries of 12-pounders, and .3 batteries of 4-pounders, 6 regiments of cavalry, hussars, cuirassiers, and dragoons. ' An Austrian officer of high rank is said to have been in command. The following official report-has been received in Berne from tho head- quarters of Colonel von Salis, at Santa Maria, on the Valtalino frontier : " Santa Maria, June 26. " Information arrived here states that the «th can- onnière in the Stelvio Pass is occupied by three com- panies |of : Austrian Kaiserjagers. A force of from 1600 to 2000 cavalry and artillery are a little distance in the rear. The thunder of;.cannon was heard this morning at SantaJMaris, Munster, and Taufers. Bs. varian troops axe expected at Mais. " Zemek, June 27th'. " The Austrian troops that had occupied the first cahtonniiro in the Stelvio and the Alta Bad at Bbrmio have established themselves in the latter position, while the Italians retreated to Tirano, not receiving the expected reinforcement*. In consequence'.of the 