ODE TO THE LATE MINISTRY. God bless me, gentlemen, where have ye gone to? It seems a thing beyond all others strange, And one that men should ponder o'er, and mourn too, As much betokening a mad love of change, That ye, who lately rul'd the royal roast, And fill'd the mouths of men with your great actions Should now be quite to public memory lost, Surviving only in the thoughts of factions! But yesterday, the name of Cowper might Here struck great awe into the minds of many; Each Government clerk would feel an inward fright, Lest his stern wrath should dock his hard-earn'd penny: And many Members, CATOS all and SENECAS, Would reverent gaze upon his front sublime; Would, in his interest, bark and bite like any curs, And deem a sneer at him a heinous crime: But now, ye Gods! that name for nothing passes! For nothing, Sirs! unless—aye, there's the rub— Its good for nobblers 'mongst those politic asses, Who nightly grace our fam'd Victoria Club! "Ruins of Empires" we have heard of, often; But who will sing the "Ruins of Premiers?" A theme it is that bitterest hearts might soften, And open wells of sympathetic tears. Who would not feel for thee, my ruin'd CHARLEY, now, Of all thy hopes and honours stripp'd so naked? Why, e'en the fiercest Opposition Snarley Yow Might own for thee his heart a casual ache had. Methinks I see thee, like a Scarecrow, plac'd To fright ill birds from rich and luscious clusters; Thy form a mockery, ugly and defac'd, Heedless alike of vernal winds and busters: Anon, I think of some tremendous criminal, A tough old jail-bird from his rookery flown; Denounc'd of men, a bogey to the women all, And furtive wandering for his daily bone: And then my fancy, which of thoughts a flock has, Pictures a wreck upon the lurking reef; The Duncan Dunbar on the dread "Las Rocas," And storm-swept wretches in their pallid grief: Where broken planks and timbers strewn around, And human skulls inhumanly all scatter'd Tells of bright hopes that here their limit found, And gaudy dreams that here were rudely shatter'd. Alas, poor Charley! see, a tear down drops Upon this page, where tears were not expected; The limpid flow my midnight reverie stops, For, faith, 'tis genuine, and not affected! And thou, my JACK! but three weeks since a King, Whose word was law throughout the realm political; Whose endless virtues many lov'd to sing. And I won't say those songs were hypocritical: Whom suffering bondsmen deem'd a modern Moses, Destined to lead them to a promis'd land; Bidding them blindly follow their own noses, And trust at every turn his guiding hand: Little they thought their MOSES would deceive them, With sounding promises broken at the last; Little they thought that in the lurch he'd leave them, Then, when the struggle and the toil were past: Thou cans't not wonder, JACK, that they should turn And rend thee in their democratic fury; With quenchless anger that their breasts should burn, The bloody anger of the ancient Jewry: Thou knowest, JACK, that treachery most grieves When from a trusted friend its sting we suffer; A poison' d arrow in the heart it leaves, That would arouse the most phlegmatic duffer. Where now is all thy boasted popularity; Where now are all thy influence and power? Vanish'd like smoke—you'll note the similarity— Or laid like dust beneath a sudden shower. The bloody spots upon thy hands no washing, Wash how thou wilt, will easily efface; Then hide those hands—and all delusions quashing Seek thy misguided footsteps to retrace: Don sackcloth quickly; crown thy head with ashes; Whip thy rebellious flesh with knotted thongs; Nor seek to make of truth and falsehood hashes, Or howl in public o'er imagin'd wrongs! Of thee, stern SMART, it little boots to sing, Thy day is over, and we don't regret it; Honest thou art, and honesty's a thing So rare, we feel as if we'd never met it. But then mere honesty alone won't do, To guide the helm in time of stormy peril! Tis well for skippers to be stout and true, But that is useless, if their brains are sterile. Then, like a Roman, take thy last quietus, And to thy classic Mona straight retire; To barbarous taxes cease awhile to treat us, And we will bless thee, if we can't admire. Nor need we much of little SAMUEL say, Especially as he's been so unlucky; Like other Treasurers, he has had his day; He showed one virtue—he was strangely plucky. Of little BURDEKIN it would be cruel To speak in censure—let him rest in peace-- His artful Chief has given him his gruel, And brought about his premature decease. Trio of Treasurers! gone is all your glory! That "old arm chair" will know ye not again! I see ye, ghost-like, shake your locks so gory Like the pale shades who march'd before the Thane. ANTI-JACOBIN. 24th January, 1866. 