ADELAIDE. Friday. Tho Register is about to publish two of Loichhardt's last letters to his mother and brothor-in law in Ger- many which hare been sent back to the colony. Anew gold bearing quart» reef has been discovered on tho Bremer Ranges, forty miles frem Adelaide. 2000 bushols of wheat have been sold at 8s. Sd. Tire TRAMWAY NOMAHCB.-A heavily laden wool waggon incautiously came into Pitt- Btroet, on Thurs« (layt and proceeding down towards tho Circular Quay mot one of tho tram-cars near Hunter-street, the whoels of the waggon being between tho rails tho teamster, in trying to pull off the line to let tho tram- car pass, tore tho tire off the front wheel and smashed the spokes. Thia load of wool had como some hundreds of miles, ovor mountain and rough roads, and at the end of tho journey met with this disaster > through tho tramway. THE SPECTBOPIAB AMTANAC.--Ferguson and Moore» of Melbourno, have published an almanac for 1800' with a rural calendar, and a variety of usoful informa- tion, having as an additional attraction four ghosts, or ghost-raisers. Those aro simply coloured plates, which, by virtuo of the well-known law of optics, that tho eye seeks even a complement of light, are reproduced to tho view of thc spectator ia different colours OH the wall opposite.' Tra BKSKBVSS.-The whole of tho reserves have not yet been gazetted, and, when they ore,-wo think there , will bo reason for curtailment. The principle adopted is to reserve every fourth milo of river frontage ex- tending to the back of tho run; but it is optional with lessees to take every fifth mile, and to be granted camping grounds, in addition to the extent of 640 acres to each 4000 acres leased. Thcso camps need not be surveyed inside each separato block of 4000 acres, but may be taken together or separately in any part of tho run. Wo perçoive thiB has, in some few cases, been done, and of course selection on such stations ia out of the question. To have tho pick of ono-Bixth of a run for camps, after ono-fifth has been reserved in a block, besides choice sites purchased nuder " pro-emptivo right" and " improvement, ' will not only toko tho cream of the land, but a good deal of the skimmed milk too. Ño Land Minister could remain' in office whilst holding that such extensive privileges should bo ac corded tho lessees-nor can wo credit that any. but a email minority of the Crown tenants would ask for such monopoly. Wo would urgently oppose any attempt to again lock np the landa-but wo protest against pastoral property being further interfered with than .tho requirements of agriculturists and small graziers domand.-Pastoral Times. WXLLS IN tnt BACK COOSTBY -Wo have pleasing intel.igence relating to theso works upon which the success in squatting pursuits so much depends. Tho water in many of tho wolls between tho.Murrumbidgeo and tho Lachlan, as well aa between the latter river and the Carling is becoming less salt and less brackish. Wo name ono in particular on Mr. M'Evoy's run, near to Coldwater on tho Lachlan. A year ago the water was very salt, now it is fit for human consumption, doing away with tho necessity of carting water for domestic purposes from tho far distant river. It will be of immense benefit if wo find that other wells in tho back country should take such a favourable turn-and wo shall be glad of any information on this head, in order to encourage settlers in thoir efforts to reclaim thc back country, thus giving employment to largo numbers "of tho surplus labour now going about tho country unemployed. Mr. P. Tyson has just struck splendid water, clear and free from salt, twenty-five miles north of the Lachlan, at a depth of fourteen feet only. Tho woll is near to a largo swamp, now noarly dry, and doubtless there are many hundreds of suoh localities between tho two rivers on the vast uninhabited district, and unstocked. In three wolls sunk, at a distance front the Lachlan - the first sixty milos from the rivor the water is vory salt fa tho second, forty-flvo miles, it is less so-in tho third, thirty miles, tho waler is very good, and tolerably free from saline qualities. This experience is by no means a safe rule to go by as to tho quality of the water which may be found good and puro close to a swamp nay distance from tho rivers.-Pastoral Times. AN ENBKQETIC GOVÏBNMEHT.-TWO years and a half ago, somo people on the Lower Lachlan applied for land to be sold at Maude by tho Government. Som* parties had long previously Bottled down thore, and there was then, in July, 1803, a post-offico established at Maude. Throe weoks since, ofter many of tho ap- plicants had left tho district, tho following reply carno :-"Surveyor General's. Offico, Sydney, 13th De- cember, 1805. Gentlemen,-Tho land situated at Maude, applied for by you, will bo offered for tale by auction, on tho 27th December next, at tho Crown Land Sales office, Hay. I am gentlemen, your obedient servant, G. SsriTit, for tho Suvoyor-Goneral." It should bo borno in mind too that both before and after tho appli- cation mado in July, 18G3, similar requests were made to tho Government for land to be survoyed and sold at Maude. Wo aro speaking within bounds in our opinion, when wo say that tho Government havo lost In tho last ton years in thcso districts a quarter of a million of podndB sterling, by not soiling tho land when asked to do so. Tho Sydnoy Government Land Surrey Offico is a disgraoo to any civilised power, it has dono moro to foster tho cry for freo selection un- restricted than any other party tn tho colony.-Pastoral Timoe. FOUND DYINO IN ran Busn.-On tho 13lh ultimo, a stockman named Uarry, omployod on Toornngand sta- tion, noar Booligal, found about a milo from that station, a man apparently botween 36 and 10 years of ago, lying on tho ground m a s la to of delirium, without either food or water. Assistance having beon procured tho unfortunate man was removed to tho house, and every attention paid to him, but being reduced too low and suffering also from dysentery, ho died on tho third day after tho removal ; during this timo ho was either unable or could not be induced to take any nou- rishment. After tho death the body was examined, and, although exhibiting groat emaciation, as no signs of violonco were noticed," on tho 15th it was interred, Tho cook nt tho station, who attempted to converso while ministering to tho unfortunate man during his illness, states that all tho information ho could obtain from bim was, that he was called " tho Major ¡" and subse- quent inquiries made by the polico in Hie neighbour- hood ot Booligal among those who profess acquaint- ance with tho man, would indicate that thc right name of the deceased WOB Riobard Burns alias Martin, that ho was a nativo of tho Capo of Good Lfopo, at cno time held a commission in her Majesty's army, and served in tho Kaffir war. Ho ia said to havo beon a well edu- cated man, and that having arrived in the colony ten years back has since been employed principally OB a shopherd-n supposition which is probably correct as when found a faithful sheep dog was lying by his sido. His boight was 5 fcot ll inches, long features, dark auburn hair and light whiskers, and his drees coneistod of moleskin trousers, light-colourod crimean shirt, and folt hat No monoyor papers wcro found on his person.-Deniliquin Chronicle. FitEE SELECTION.-During tho last throo months, from 1st October lo 31st Decombor, 1805, tho total deposits received by tho local land agent, on account nf conditional purchases of land in this district, amounted to £687 7s. Od. On Thursday two selectors attended for tho purpose of toking up land, but in con- sequence of tho largo number of reserves announced, and being unaware whothor the land thoy desired wno or was not included in any of thom, temporarily refrained from selecting. AVc hear that others also f refrained for similar reasons. .Deniliniuu Chronicle. 