THE VISIT OF THE EMPRESS £U GENIli TO THE CHOLERA PATIENTS. The Debais, by the pen of M. de Sacy, the academician, pays the following tri bute to the Empress on the occasion of her visit to tbe cholera hospitals : — ' The emotion was great, as might be expected, among all those poor people, and the gratitude profound. AH eyes were filled with tears. One of tbe sufferers, whose sight was perhaps al ready obscured by the gravity of his state having replied to a question put to him by the Jimpress, * Um, ma sxitr.' ' My friend,' said the Sister of Charity in attendance, ' It is not I who speak to you, it is the Empress.' ' Do not correct him,' exclaimed her Majesty, ' it is the most noble name he can give me !' Sublime and generous words ! A spontaneous expression of the sentiment at once the most human, the most popu lar, and the most Christian. A delicate aud glorious eulogium addressed to those worthy females who devote themselves to the cure of the sick. The Empress in deed well merited the name of sister at ihut moment, as she was fulfilling the most painful of the functions which muse it to be blessed, and she was justly lionoriug herself by meriting it. Empress and Sister of Charity, what gloriuus titles to be united ! What lustre they lend to each other! Those touching words will find an echo in every heart . . The example given by sovereigns to all those who are obliged by their duties to brave danger is at the same time a great trait of humanity and an excellent poli tical act ; the present epoch, notwith standing tbe reproaches of which it is the object, aud which it sometimes merits, may oppose that action with advantage to the solemn inflexibility of antique vir tues. In that act shine forth tbe prin ciples of 178!) in their purest aud least contested signification. The Empress, we are convinced, believes she has only done her duty. Yes, it is true that she has done her duty only. Her rank commanded her to give the example ; to be. among all, the most charitable and the most cuurageous ; to contribute to those persons attacked by the scourge the consolations which she alone could give. All that she ought to have done she has performed ; and such a duty, accomplished throughout, shows suf ficiently that the soul of the Empress is equal to the rank she occupies, lu other circumstances opinions may and do differ ; iu the present they will be unani mous, and as there will he but one feel ing in every heart, tbcre will be also but one voice in every mouth to thank the Empress and to bless her !' Phemc Acid.— Experiments have been made to show that the miasmata Irom putrefying substances may he rendered harmless by means or phenic acid, since it prevents or puts an end to spontaneous fer mentation. A piece of perfectly fresh meat was placed within about two yards of one in a state of putrelaciion. In eight days it was found merely to have begun to ?Iry ; the phenic acid had destroyed the miasmata, so that they were not transmit ted by (lie air. It has been concluded, from these and similar results, that phenic acid is a powerful antipcBtilential ajjent, and it is considered extremely useful in places where cholera or other inlectious maladies prevoil. It appears, however, that this substance is not to be had from -lruggista or dry saltcrs, perhaps some of our readers can inform us how or where it is to oc obtained ; otherwise the mere knowledge of its valuable uses is of no avail. A small newspaper can publish the ap pointments, alter the coming in of a i.ew Administration, but wliaf, paper in the world is lar|;c enough to publish half tbe disappointments P Tbe Bieaor of Oxford and ms Tra velling Companion. — In connexion with church congress details, the ' Post1 says : — ' Tbe Bishop of Oxford was travelling eastward, when a lady who was sitting opposite to him commented in nattering terms on the eloquence and ability of the great Anglican divine, quite unconscious she was addressing him. ' But why, sir,' she added, ' do people call Mm Soapy SamP' '\Vtll, madam,' replied the Bishop, 'I suppose it is because he has always been in a nood deal of hot water, and always manures to conic out with clean bands.' As an altogether admirable and am ising attempt at alliteration, nn annoymous author astonished all admirers of allitera tive anility, some seasons since, t,y the sub joined singularly successful specimen : — ' Surpassing fiweef, seraphic strains she slogs, Bolicnlnp sod spirits' syni|iallietlc strings : Suoh soul-subduing sounds *0 strangely soothing. She seems some saintly spirit sorrow biuoothlnp.*' Tub President and the Pabdongbek r.R, — A. Tennessee rebel gives the following description of how he obtained his pardon : — Had a personal interview with the chief magistrate, and asked him for a small par don if he had any more left. Chief ma gistrate wanted to know what position I held in tbe rebel army, The answer was faint, somewhat hesitating, and somewhat shaky— I eaid, '? Quartermaster.' Chief magistrate chuckled, and turned his head to conceal a sardonic smile '' My ancient and venerable friend,' he said. ' if you think that your department of the re bellion endangered tbe Union cause, your innocence is a pardon iu itself.'— ' Wash ington Paper, Demolition of an Interesting Historical Building in Paris. — The Paris correspond ent of the Globe writes :—' Much pro testing exists against the demolition ol an histoiical hall, tbe present whereabouts of Cour de Cassation, which is to be trans ferred elsewhere, Tbe hall in question, adjoining Montgomery's Tower (so named after Montgomery, whose lance killed Henry II, in a tournament, and who was lere imprisoned), formerly was the state bed chamber of St. Louis IX , and sub sequently was occupied by the Parlement de Paris. It was in this hall that the will of Louis XIV. was set aside, and that the convocation of the States-General was determined on in 1786. In 1793, it became the judgment-hall of the revolu tionary tribunal, and here took place tbe trials of Mane Antoinette, Madame Roland, the Oirondins, Danton, and Phi lippe Egalite.' A New Powdee.— Captain Schulze's powder, according to German ideas ' the' invention of the age. is being more and more frequently employed iu the mines of Silesia and the llhenish provinces. Its advantages over the old production of Berthold Schwarz are stated to be many and important. It is a little cheaper, considerably lighter, produces neither smell nor smoke, docs not foul the gun, is i ot spoiled by water, and may be prt* pared and stored without danger of ex plosion. A few particulars about tl« composition and mode of manufacture will be acceptable to many readers. Beech aud other wood is first reduced to a powder, then boiled and purified from acid, next dried, and treated with nitric acid, and, finally, saturated with nitrate of potasb, or a mixture of nitrate of pot ash and nitrate of barytcs. It is this last process only that renders the powder explosive, and as it requires but a few hours to perform, it might, if desired for ie sake of security, be deferred, ihe Prussian Government still hesitate to in troduce tbe new invention into tbe army ; but tho French and Swiss Governments are entering upon experiments with a view to its ultimate adoption for military pusposcs CnEE FOB THE WHOOPING COUGH. — It is now a well-established fact that the emana tions from gasworks arc a sovereign remedy for whoopiue cough. The way it was discovered wis this :— One of tbe men attached to the Paris gasworks happened one day to have his child with him, which was labouring under that distressing affec tion. Tbe child, after staying some time in the midst of the amtnoniacal and hydro sulphurcted emanations ot the place, turn ed out to be radically cured. The director, being informed of this lact, resolved to try the action ol tbe same medium on other little patients, and soon convinced himself of tbe extraordinary efficacy ol the remedy. — ' Galignani.' Shasieful Hoa.x.— A singular incident has just occurred at Breslau on tbe occa sion of the funeral of a student named Attorz, who bad been killed in a duel. The coffin bad been let down into the grave when a voice was beard apparently proceeding from the inside of it, exclaim ing, ' Let me out, I am being suffocated.' The coffin was immediately brought up and opened, but the body was found to be quite dead. The author of the hoax was then discovered to be a ventriloquist present, who was arrested for disturbing a religious ceremony. A Sacred Vkstment.— On Sunday, the l!)th Kov, an unusual ceremony was wit nessed at St Lawrence's Church, Norwich, A cope had been purchased by a Cam bridge undergraduate, aud at his wish it was presented and duly dedicated to God's service in a particularly impressive manner. Tbe usual procession of choir and priest entered the church for even song, headed by the crucifix. At the rear, immediately before tbe tburifers.the cope was carried by the deputed person who acted for the donor. Ihe priest went to the altar accompanied by the tburifers. At the bottom step of the sacrarium the cope was presented to him with these words :— KcvereiiQ latuer, in tue name and on behalf of the donor I present this cope for use by the priest in this church of St Lawience on all fittii'g occasions.' Tlie priest received it with these words : — ' We receive this cope to the glory of God and for the use of this Church of St Lawrence in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tbe Holy Ghost, Amen.' Tbe priest then duly presented it on the altar, and incensed it ; after which suitable vcrsicles, responses, and a prayer were used. Then the priest was invested in the cope, and remained so till after the ?' Magnificat.' Tho cope is of rich gold and white brocatelle, with crimson orphrcys and hood. An unusu ally large congregation was present on this occasion.— The Church Review. THE MAIDS OF MEBRY ENGLAND. Mr. Buskin who is allowed to be a judge of such matters, says that the pre sent style* of female dress is the most graceful and artistic ever wore. I quite agree with him, and I think it has had al most a magical effect in bringing out and setting off the beauty of the maids of merry ICngland. There are no plain girls now a-days. Positive ugliness is alto gether banished from the land All the girls are pretty. Walking in the streets, or driving in tbe park, or sitting in a box at the Opera, one is kept in a state of con tinued admiration by the number of pretty girls that meet tbe eye on every hand. All this female beauty has of course existed any time ; but 1 venture to think that it is only lately that it has beensliown off to the fullest advantage. In these days of economics and art training we know how to make the most aud tbe best of tilings. Mark what a mine of beauty has beeu discovered in red hair. How many years is it since red hair was contemptuously denominated ' carrots t' To be carrotty was to be a fright and an allusion to a carrotty girl iu a song or a play was sure to raise a laugh of derision. But now carrott are the fashion— the rage. Tbe girl with the ruddy locks, in stead of plastering her hair down, to look like polished slabs of Petcrbead granite, combs it out and lets the sun into it, and straightway it is a fleece of gold. Gulden locks— that is to say, the ridiculed ' carrots ' of another period -are now the admiration of all tbe men, and tbe envy of all the women. It is no secret, I believe, that many women are in the habit of bleaching their dark hair in order to impart to it a tinge of the fashionable and admired red L am informed too— and I can add my personal testimony to tbe fact, that rod baircil girls who have beeu ou tho shelf until they are no longer young are now going off iu the matri inoninl market like » ildfi.ro. — ' Dickeus's All tbe Year Round,' FROM THK LAND OF SUNMSK, Far off Asia, come the aromatic roots, of which Fragrant Sozodont is composed In this preparation tbe chemistry of the toilet has achieved its most remarkable triumph. Pure, unsullied teeth, and agreeable breath, and absolute exemption from all diseases that effect the gums, are the results of a daily application of the Sozodont. 