FREE TRADE IN LAND. To the Editor of the Herald. Final regret that the remarks of " Sagittarius," respect- ing the policy of telling our waste lands at an average of 2s. 6d. per acre, which you lately published, and whereon you made some unfavourable comments, have not drawn the attention which they deserve. The advantage of freehold tenure over leasehold, and Still more over commonage, is admitted. Yourself admit that our. present minimum is as absurdly high as you suggest, that " Sagittarius V half-a-crown is too low. It stakes one that the former is purely obstructive, binding first the staple industry of the colony, and annually losing millions to the community ; while the 2s. 6d. proposed by " Sagittarius " may have gone too for in the opposite and right direction, and still is essentially a proposal of reform for an acknowledged abuse. Reforms are always met by objection ; if yours of 2s. 6d. being too low a price for the Crown land is correct contrast the worst result of this with the every day evils of the present system Government may lead to the advantage of individuals a few thousands amid the universal prosperity occasioned by the change. " Sagittarius " deserves the serious attention of every Australian on finch on important reform. The most serious difficulty in the way of Sagittarius B plan, which involves the selling of large properties to individuals, is that there exists a prejudice almost universal except among the few who have attentively pondered over the matter-that the feet of properties existing in large blocks, as much interferes with the progress of the country, as that the existence of small blocks advances the same. So far from denying the correctness of the former prejudice, as custom and the law now exists, I endorse it. But I must explain that law and custom are alone to blame for the reality of this prejudice. It is not the act of land being owned in large blocks, is used in its most profitable manner, which does harm- quite the contrary but it is because a considerable difference is too often apparent in favour of the highly cultivated small tenures of the persons we are pleased to designate " Yeoman," as con- trasted with some mismanaged large estate of an encumbered or absentee proprietor and also in the condition of this yeoman as contrasted with that of many labourers; It being taken too readily for granted that every labourer would naturally become an independent yeoman, had land not been aggregated into large properties. And here I must entreat the reader's patience, while I endeavour to set some material points before him in a new light. " Yeoman " is a mere word equally and fairly descriptive of any person who himself superintends the grazing of his large run, as of any settler, equally independent in the cultivation of a few acres ; the former, to say the least, is not deficient in any of the good qualities which render the possession of the latter desirable to the State. No one denies that the same run could be more advon tegeomOy used by 100 agriculturists than by one squatter, but unfortunately these 100 farmers to each run are not in the colony, nor likely to come till some market be found whereby they will become as independent here as they might be by farming at present in more favourable climates and situations. On the other hand, the squatters are -actually present, having an excellent market all over the world, which they can indefinitely increase till fine wool will nearly supersede cotton. (The value of Australian wool already amounts to ten millions per annum.) These squatters may, " we can speedily extend this market, with pi out to ourselves certainly, but in a tenfold greater degree to the colony at large. In order, however, to justify us in making the requisite improvements, also for the comfort of our families, since we shall be necessitated personally to superintend our extended business, we require the freehold of the land, for which are ready to pay the public a fair value." " No agriculturist will settle down without the freehold of his farm in order to improve we require freehold tenure as well as he does, and we will pay you quite as much for every acre of equally good land that we buy. We will put every acre to the most profitable use of which it is capable. As soon as some other is able to make our land more profitable in some business, or by some method, that we do not personally understand, we will sell him our whole property ; or if Borne immigrant think that a market is springing up to justify the cultivation of a farm, we will sell him so much suitable land as he can make a better use of than ourselves." "Again we shall divide our properties after death among our children. As civilisation progresses, each of them will derive as much for his share as the original patriarch from his whole. Many of the children or grandchildren ruary prefer other pursuits, and will, doubtless, often force the sale of their share by subdivisional liberal terms, such as will be likely to rule, when so much land be in the market." " By these means, no advisable future immigrant will need to IUBO time ; but, on more favourable terms than the present immigrant, will settle down in some comparatively happy and civilised parish, not the rival, but friend of his longer established neighbour." Such ought to be the natural course of affairs ; but the reucorthakeshis head, and says that somehow unfort -lately it is not so, nor likely to be. Granted- but why not a Simply because the English law of property is antiquated and of Racial, and the present age needs as much Free Trade in land as Free Trade in commerce. The former would even be more beneficial to the world at large than has been the latter. Much relief has been given in Ireland by the Encumbered Estates Act, and in those colonies by Uoircns'sAct; but infinitely more freedom is yet wanted, towards which a short Act would suffice I would insist on the passing of this Act. previous to accepting a SogittanuB's ' plan, or even writing one line further in its advocacy. Free trade in land require that landholders be deprived of an abuse of power, which the law has unnaturally granted to them to their own disadvantage, and still more to that of the community I mean the power of tying up the land, Natural law, in setting apart to one man's use toyland ' 1 which ought to be common property, did no on the ground 1 that such is the only method of deriving the full boards out of the soil. So soon as this object is interfered with I maintain that the Statute law should step in to prevent further injury to the community. i Through entails, through settlements, through flowers through lengthy mortgages, and every species of trustee- ship, a proprietor is being constantly debarred may debar himself from that power of transfer to some other useful occupant, without which the public are likely to suffer through the owner's inability to profitably manage his own property. It is this antiquated and absurd practice of thus tying up and which has given rise to the prejudice that large properties are necessarily injurious to the community, as they are in reality when compulsory mismanaged by needy or for absentee proprietors. In England, liberal landlords have mitigated the evil by leasing their fettered lands to wealthy farmers ; but this system is far from compensating for that free trade in land which I am advocating as an essential reform in every country. It is an indispensable condition prior to the acceptance of " Sagittarius " plan in Australia. I do not think that small holdings necessarily promote education and civilisation, or even prosperity; notwithstanding that Belgium and Switzerland afford a seeming proof, Experience has discovered in each country, and at each, period, what is the most successful limit and perfect free trade in land will of itself reduce the farms to that size. I believe that a convenient present extent for newly taken- up runs is about 100 square miles. which would naturally, in two or three generations, be reduced to farms not exceed- ing those in England. If the calculation below, as to the comparative value of land in England with that of Australia, be correct, then such a run really represents no more than a fifty-acre farm in England, and need excite no more jealousy. In reply to one of your objections-If the proposed sale of all waste lands will realise the general prosperity anticipated by " Sagittarius," I scarcely think we need fear any reluctance on the part of immigrants to accept a free passage (and our greater distance than America from Europe will always necessitate our paying this much to this excellent labour-market, because, forsooth, they may not themselves perhaps buy land direct from Government. _ Such, I admit, was formerly an advantage but essential reforms have very much diminished its importance, and free trade in land will do the reSt. In the meantime I may be permitted to doubt whether any intending immigrant understands, or if he does, would care one iota on the subject. Our anticipated general prosperity he is sure to hear of. You are evidently unacquainted with the vast inequality there exists in Australia between its beat lands and the many shades of inferior land ; also, how very little, in proportion, there exists of the former. A narrow glade frequently represents the good land-miles of sour herbage, chaps scrub and rocks, the inferior. Every acre of the glade is intrinsically worth £1 ; it commands, besides, the adjoining pasturage, which without it is valueless. You will now understand that this glade is the eye of the country; that the sale of it alone, at our high minimum, is reckless waste, and the offer of " Sagittarius " to buy the scrub and it together at an average of 2s. 6d. is a better offer than YOU imagine, one not to be summarily dismissed with slight examination. In answer to another objection. You sneer at Sagitta club's" offer to improve within two years the land he proposes to buy at 2s. 6d. at the same time your columns are teeming with deprecation of a stoppage of public works, or throwing so many out of employment. Do you imagine that any conceivable and possible public works can equal in amount the tenth part of those private works, which the general adoption of " Sagittarius " scheme will receive fete ? " , , ..,. You imagine that 2s. 6d. an acre for average land will be splendidly tempting terms utterly differ. A chief recommendation is insurance against agrarian interference. The terms are high enough to expose the purchaser to a certain and sharp struggle, but one which capital, prudently expended, may justify. To buy land at this rate, without an intention of improving it, would be madness. i Half-a-crown for an average, absurdly low! Of course, it is in the city of London or Sydney, or even the suburbs, or even for rich or improved land 100 miles off, if a rail Tay and its market adjoin; but you must be aware that there are rich cabbage-tree flats within twenty miles of Sydney which any selector may acquire for 6s. per acre ; yet, though the town teems with unemployed, and with little capitalists, they went go there to Bran up the happy bargain. If these practical people shrink from such valuable land at 6s" what would they think of each acre being encumbered with 100 acres of scrub, though offered to them at 2s. 6d. per acre? And this latter is " Sagittarius's " proposal. An average of 2s. 6d. cannot, therefore, be absurdly low. . We, also, in the interior have small rich glades, wherein the free selector's 40-acre block exactly fits-his purchase contains only good sweet land whether for agriculture or pasture each acre is honestly worth £1 but for every one such acre there are hundreds of inferior land around it, varying from ABOUT pasture to scrub and rock. As the sweet glade and the adjoining pasture land naturally go together, our free selector will for 6s. get his one acre or glade together with 100 of pasture land gratis-whereas " Sagittarius offers £12 12s. 6d. for the same block of 104 acres. Such is the loss entailed on Government by selling the eyes of the country. Such would be the prudence of selling the land wholesale at a lower average price, I POSE over altogether the impolicy of driving to other colonies the old pastoral j coman and the injustice of ousting an occupant who offers such terms, to make room, forsooth, for Johnny come-lately, who is topsy only soothes "Sagittarius" price. Lotus contrast the present Land Law with " Sagittarius's" proposal, which you think absurdly low. For 40 acres of the very richest land, together with the free use of 4000 acres of pasturage, Jobnny-come-lately will deposit ., a £10 0 0 Cost to Government of surveying ditto ., 8.0 0 Total present benefit .. a £2 0 0 Contingencies. After three years and 9d. per acre (on 40 acres) rent .. ,. .... £1 100 " Sagittarius " proposes selling all the above block to the original occupant and capitalist on the following terms, per annum (interest), £60 10s. Until he pay after the tenth year, £505 for the fee simple. " Sagittarius " is here decidedly the man of progress the reformer-who demands retrenchment and economy in' its broadest sense. His supposed opponent belongs as decidedly to the colonial stick-in-the-mud school The Poor Man"-? who does not want to rise beyond abject dependence upon Government, subsidised in the above instance at very nearly £48 10s. per annum, together with the loss to the colony of some enterprising capitalist and manufacturer of wool, who has, for Johnny-coine-lately's sake, been driven from his old home and from this colony. You say 2s. 6d. per acre is absurdly low at the above rate how much more absurd must be the price of 4000 acres (the rent being capitalised) at £17- as near as possible 6d. per' acre for the virtual fee simple. It has been a reproach to the squatters that they are paying 7d. per acre rent here we find Government, by granting to small conditional purchasers the very eyes of the country at 6s., virtually parting with the freehold of average land at 3d. per acre. Either New South Wales is mad, or the price" suggested by J Sagittarius " is the very reverse of absurdly low. Remember well that there is no waste to Government in Sagittarius's plan-no 80 per cent, for survey-no 100 acres given in for every one bought- Government will Mr 2s. 6d, for every single acre. As an explanatory analogy I will mention, but not weary the reader by proof, that a mob of horses may be very dearly bought at 20s. all round whereas we constantly see a single horse sold for £20. It is the same with land. Recollect that Sagittarius besides offering 2s. 6d per acre all round offers to begin at present. When does his opponent suggest that the land all round will be sold for the sufficient £1. Name your own date-200 years hence ? 100 years hence f Say half that-and yet you know in your heart that there is not the very ghost of a chance of such improvement taking place, under the present restrictive system, in less than 1000 years - but let us say fifty years - I. e., you expect £1 per acre in fifty years. "Sagittarius" paysheet once 10 per cent, or 2s. 6d. Now, if I can reckon at all, and such is found to be the case by every life insurance company, s 2s. 6d. in 7 years will equal 5s. in 14 years ditto 10s. in 21 years ditto £1 in "8 years ditto £2 in 35 years ditto £4 in 42 years ditto £8 in 49 years ditto £16. it may be urged that no Government will thus lay out money in compound interest ; but I say that prudent Governments do execute prudent public works, and that I am, quite sure that every 2s. 6d. laid out on a prudent self- supporting railway will have increased the wealth of the community during forty-nine years, by infinitely more than £16. This here palpable, that I will not waste your space by argument thereon purely observing in parenthesis, that I do not be icA e in my heart that, under the present non improving polity, the average value of waste land will, in fifty years gA.s?! MM late more valuable than it is at present ; whereas, it sold and improved, together with the personal and other wealth of the colony, created by this sEm provement, each acre will, in fifty years, be worth £16. under the present commonage system (the public land is vuluHlIy a common between the conditional piirchWand the Crown lessee) ; or worked, besides, by an absolute Land Minister for political purposes, all the waste lands promoter h ten millions ; sold at 2s. 6d., they would fetch about thirty millions and in fifty years, WoasedX public and private enterprise, this would have increase! freehold system as advocated by a Sagittarius." ' Now, Sir, believing what I have written, I shall make T ?iÄ Work of ^0B0 fancies caUcd " P"8terity'>-anm his mythical trustee. If posterity means anything, it means testify (GUY e children) who will be flouring till IT or TrUS 00 means those individuals, or to", J ? whom we ourselves are permitted and in duty bound at present to appoint. We have the option of naming ourselves as the natural and improving trustees for? the first ten years, we might foolishly confide tote ltctieSB dishonesty of a Parliament ofNow&uth; TI arts, or we might bury our treasure in a napkin Sr w«^sha1iaLaf¡ho,lünial'c!lanc¡ry-p:obab,y^rn"¿^t, we shall see the propriety of ourselves accepting this as -portant trust. I hesitate to trespass further on your space as to price I but my next argument is so irresistible that, at the risk of not being clearly understood, I will at least state my opinion in a condensed form. I contrast the average land of Australia with improved land in England, and measure by the common standard of sheep. Four acres in Australia feed one sheep. This sheep is only one-third of the weight of the English sheep-his flesh soils at only one third of the English par) the labour of tending the sheep in England is one-third of that required in Australia. Money is only half the value in England that it is here, and 1 acre in England will feed 8 English sheep. We have hence as a proportion between the average Australian aero and the improved English acre, 4x3x3x3x2x 8s to 1728. I am startled as I pen down the contrast ; but not finding any mistake in my data 1 fearlessly set down a result which shows on the one hand how much public and private improvement, as well as civilisation, have yet to effect in Australia and on the other hand, that if a short £100 is the price of an English aero such as I have described, a very little more than one shilling will represent the real value of the average Australian acre. I suspect no capitalist could buy land in Australia at this price to relet it, as is the practice of purchasers of land in England at the price I have mentioned. Depend upon it, therefore, the purchaser of wholesale Australian estates at 2s. 6d. will buy their properties less for the intrinsic value than as instruments on which to expend the steady energies of a lifetime. They must necessarily be residents, and hot absentees. Towards the profitable working of their purchase they will depend on the prudent addition of extensive improvements. The comfort of their family will require many more such, yearly increasing with their wealth; while their public spirit, acting as a useful direction to, and promoting the public; spirit of their humbler neighbour, will give rational private employment to hundreds of thousands, as contrasted with, the senseless waste upon the unremunerative public works of the present day. Even our so-called reformatory land laws of 1861 abound with violations of free trade, since the hands of our great landlord-the Crown-have been tied tied by laws of, its own making. Though the vast majority of public lands are admittedly not worth 6d. per acre, it is illegal to sell them under £1. Again, while our traders require unbroken estates, Government must dole out the land by auction in blocks not exceeding 320 acres. "Sagittarius" proposes to remove those absurdities respecting the limits and price of Crown lands, reducing wholesale blocks to their approximate value, 2s. 6d. And every lover of material progress sees in fancy the country, guided by even this glimmering of free trade in land, bounding from under the removed weight into a career of unparalleled prosperity. However, this reform would merely free the soil from the fetters of Government, to stagnate again in the lawyer bound hands of helpless, listless, absentee proprietors. Are we to have the same story here that once made Ireland so . miserable The instalment of Free-trade advocated by " Sagittarius" is not sufficient. He must urge absolute Free-trade in order to perfect his plan. I am almost dazzled by the present I advantages which must accrue to the adoption of even this limited plan-but, looking a-head, let us have Free-trade in its integrity Free-trade so perfect that the owner of one million acres will be regarded with no more jealousy than the owner of 100 ships-it being admitted that the profitable use of property, irrespective of its quantity, is always a public blessing. It will take some time to disabuse the public of adverse impressions justly fostered by a' long continuance of false legislation. They must be brought to understand how, under the proposed Act, estates, however large, can by sale be rapidly subdivided-and necessarily must be so by descent. That land would soon be looked upon as any chattel property to be sold by the person who does not require it for his own use-to the person who does want it, " and is able to make a more profitable UBB thereof. That, under these circumstances, as happens with other merchandise, there will be always more persons desirous of selling land than of buying it. That the fear of any future immigrant or candidate for an agricultural or pastoral life being in a worse position hereafter as to land than under the present law is futile ; since, instead of settling down in a comparative wilderness in a hostile attitude against the semi-coma and reckless squatter, he would be coaxed, and connected by numerous public-spirited and resident proprietors, each urging his selection of their neighbourhood for his exertion in preference to any other by no means as a tenant, for who would accept that tenure, when orders ' landowner would be tempting population to enrich his eyes district. The vexatious abuses of commonage would have disappeared, rights would be defined by straightforward and amicable stipulation, as contrasted with the vague bounce of our present land laws, Good- will and co-operation with neighbours would attend " Sagittarius " system ; while the present plan lends only to agrarian dissensions. Amid friends or antagonists in an intensely thriving, or amid a stagnant community, there can be no doubt which would be the happier and more prosperous system for any future farmer. Extension of municipalities throughout the interior is the present cry, and I admit the urgency of decentralising our public works, and even other institutions ; but it has been forgotten that the funds required for carrying out such a policy will proceed from taxes on property, and that any such tax, to be just, must press equally on all property. Surely our universal landlord- the Crown-will not shirk their own Share by compelling a small minority of the proprietary to improve gratuitously Government land and the municipalities will naturally assess Crown land at the price put 'thereon by Government themselves. Government cannot afford to pay municipal rates on sixpenny land as if it were worth £1. Yet to refuse doing so would appear tyrannical, and certainly inconsistent. I ECO no escape therefrom but the early transference of these waste and freehold sections into the productive hand of private owners. I will conclude by observing that if " Sagitlariub's" plan be combined with free-trade in land upon which I have insisted-I see no objection why the occupant should not be allowed to buy the whole instead of half merely-the better half probably of his run. 2000 acres is too small a block for an average of 2s. 6d. per acre, There are numerous river flats of this site on which each acre is worth the present minimum. D. 