REPRESENTATION OF THE HASTINGS. A SILLY fellow, in the Macleay Herald, finds fault with our list of eligible candidates for a seat in Parliament, because he says we have included no poor men among them Now we should be tho very last to withhold his rights from any poor man" or to encourage class distinctions in a colony like this; but if the fellow had a spoonful of brains he would not require to be told that no very poor man can bear the expense of repre- senting a district in Parliament, unless he be supported, as two or three of the members of the present House are said to be, by the voluntary contributions of their constituents—a most humiliating state of things—one to which, we hope, we shall never see this district subjected. Besides, the good Book teaches us to pray that we may not be led into temptation, and a needy member is constantly in danger of being tempted to sell his constituents. Whoever may be our candidate, let him by all means be an independent man—one who neither wants, not would accept any favor for himself from the Executive. We may also add that our list included very few names at (be other end of the district because our acquaintance there is too limited to enable us to say who among the residents of the Macleay and the Hastings would inake eligible candidates, but we did expressly say that if any proper person could be found on those rivers his residence there would not be regarded as a disqualification on the Manning. It may be some months before we have another election—we do not believe that such will tie the case—but conceding it to he so, the electors will take no barm by beginning note. to look among themselves for the coming man. We all know how badly thiDgs are done that are performed in a hurry, and if a candidate has to be selected and invited to come forward (for we do not believe there will be any volunteers thi^time), after the writ is issued, the -chances a'l arc that we shall make a mess of it again. There need be no public movement, but silent enquiries can be made for a suitable representative, and tbe public can be prepared for his coming by such letters in the newspapers as will direct attention to the proper quarter. Now all this is said, not so much to the person who signs himself " Macleay," whose stupid article IB not worth notice, as to our readers generally, who will act upon oar suggestions as they deem best. REVENGE.—We hear that a person in Tinonee who got into an awkward scrape a few nights ago, and was very nearly reduced to a-jiffy, ia going to open a public-house shortly by way of revenge. THENON-ALCOHOLIC TREATMENT OP JDIBEASE. —The newapapera are copying extracts from an article writtenbyoD/. Higsinbottom, which first appeared in the British Medical Journal, and so . . . V - . tar, as it seems to us, are doing a great deal of mischief to the world, by giving currency to opinions at once, unscientific, and extremely dangerous to the health of the community. The author's theory, that alcoholic stimulants are prejudicial in .every possible! stale of the systemthat they are never prophylactic, but always deleterious in their effects " lfl y he popular with total abstainers whilst in health, but we imagine there are few physicians of any note in the world who would bo willing to deprive themselves of a therapeutic agent of such recognized importance, in many of the cases which come under their cognizance. Dr. Higginbottom certainly seems to have seen most marvellous sights, and to have wrought wonderful cures by the UBe of remedies apparently quite inadequate to the production of the results he parades, but it strikes us that if these cases were looked into a little more closely in connection with the curative means employed we should only find the old error of post hoc, propter hoc. The veriest quaek whose charlatanry is disgustingly obtruded upon (he public eye in the advertizing columns of the newspapers, haB also his list of wonderful cures to present, but no respectable medical practitioner will be (hereby induced to throw aside the materia medica upon which he relieR, to take in its place the miserable nostrums which are offered as its substitute. Alcohol, like mercury and opium, is a fearfully dangerous thing to tamper with; but there is no necessity forahandoning the use of either of these drugs in disease, simply because they are dangerous in improper hands. Questions of medical practice are hardly suitable subjects of discussion before non- professional assemblies, otherwise we think we could show that Dr, Higginbottom, like many another clever man, has pored overa favorite theory until he has been landed in conclusions likely to be exceedingly detrimental to some of his patients. At all events we would advise any over whom we have influence to reject tlie sophistries upon which (he whole theory is founded, and when they are really ill to trust their cases only to people who are not too fond of new remedies. A NABBOW ESCAPE.—A man who rejoices in a patronymic, which is as nearly no name as possible, and whose domicile is at present on Dumaresque Island, spent part of a day in Taree last week—the day, by the bye, being prolonged considerably into the evening. We do not know that he patronized the bar on this occasion, but. he must have looked on whilst other peopl^Were drinking, for he became tipsy before bed-time, and Mr. Smith at length determined to terminate the performances of the evenin? by a plunge into the bosom of the Manning. The leap was made from a spot opposite to the Caledonian Hotel, and, before the madman could be secured, he had been carried down about two hundred yards. Mr. Campbell's exertions alone saved him from a premature death. When taken out of the water, Smith appeared to have given up the ghost, but he was at length resuscitated. He was taken to Mr. Steel's public-house, and treated on the cold water system, under which treatment although it left him very thirsty, he has since completely recovered. PUBLIC MEETING.—Pursuant to notice given by advertisement, a puhlic meeting was held at the Ferry Inn, on Wednesday last—Mr. Archibald Beattie, junr., being in tlie chair, and Mr. Arthur Else acting as secretary. The following resolution was adopted—Resolved, that the chairman be instructed to write to Mr. Forster, asking him to apply to the Government for the payment of tho amount appropriated to the maintenance and repair of ths road bei ween Tinonee and Gloucester during the year 1865 ; and that Mr. Forster be also asked to suggest to the Government the propriety of appointing two or three additional trustees, Mr. Barliog having left the district, and the other two trustees being gentlemen who are not much interested in the roa 1 in question. 