THE NOVELIST "EBBA" \-------- "Let wrong once live, be sure it dieth never. Though past, concealed, forgotten - it abides, An unappeased Nemesis" - Old Play Chapter XVIII Dinner at the Mill "Tis in Bolton Hall, and the clock strikes one, And the roast meat's brown, and the boiled meat's done, And the barbe-c'ud sucking-pig's crisp'd to a turn, And the pancakes are fried and beginning to burn; Fish, flesh, and fowl, and all of the best, Want nothing but eating, they're all ready drest." \- Ingoldsby "You'll have no scandal while you dine, But honeet talk and wholesome wine." \-- Tennyson A smart, tight, brisk figure tripped out of church inadvance of the Hall party and the Draytons, holding up a stiff black silk dress, so as to leave visible a ruby-coloured quilted satin petticoat, and a pair of remarkably neat feet and ancles, trimly clad in black silk stock- ings with ornamented "clocks," and bright leather shoes fastened with silver buckles. No stranger could have been prepared to see a face of more than forty summers, at most, when the quick, active gifure turned short round, and shaking hands with everyone within reach, rapidly as if the performance were got through for a wager, began to pour forth a volume of greeting, gossip and grumbling, that left small chance for any other voice to put a word in edgewise. But Mrs. Chatton's face was seventy years old, for all that; and the wonderfully complicated net-work of little wrinkles and furrows all over it, raised the speculation, whether that oddly drumpled-up skin had ever been smooth and young and peach- like, or whether, like a butterfly's wing newly emeerged, and too quickly scorched in a hot sun, it had been shrivelled in babyhood, and kept its creases ever since; but very keen and bright were the small black eyes that lit it up, and strangely well-preserved were the teeth, that the rarely quiet lips freely eyes of strangely well-preserved displayed. "How d'ye do, madam? How dy'e do, Miss Ann? Blooming, quite blooming. Roses and lilies and daffydowndillies, and so on, eh? \- only daffydills are yalla, and you ain't. Mrs. Crawley's more in that line; don't care for flesh-beauty, only sperital. Lord! there's a look! As sour, my dead (aside to Miss Ann), as sour as they say crabs look when they're going to - you know who (pointing down- wards) to be squeezed. But you're a kind woman, Mrs. Crawly, that you are, to show on rustics the fashions. I declare, it it weren't for you, we might live and die in this stupied village, and never know that such elegance was the mode. (Did anybody ever see such a bow-pot of a thing!) It's quite a lesson, that bonnet is. Bertha, child, look well at it, and see if you can't make me such a one. Mark Drayton! don't you go sneaking off that way! I want to be put upon the old mare, and that's your hereditary privilege, you know. Ah! when your father was a-courting me, _he_ didn't want reminding. Many's the time he's kissed these very shoe-buckles, and said" - but this gallant speech was lost, for the rector and Miss Browne came up at the moment, and Mrs. Chatton fastened upon them, seizing a hand of each in her own. "Ah! Doctor, how you can stand up and read the eighth com- mandment, and then go on so you do, I don't know. Not steal, indeed! Why you're a reguar robber yourself; picked my pocket this blessed Sabbath morning - and what a beati- ful day it is, ain't it? Yes, Miss Joe, the rector's getting worse and worse. I meant to give him five shillings for his collection, and very handsome for a widow's mite, too. But there he went on so, just as if he'd get a string inside my purse, pulling and pulling, and talking and arguing in that way of his, till he made my half-crowns get inside a pound-note, that he did. But he's a conjuror, that's a sure thing, and I'm an old fool - that's another. How's your young woman, Rector? Well well, you know what I mean; the poor thing at the inn. When she can eat a turkey, or a chine, or a pigeon, or an egg, or anything I can send her, let me know. Bosworth says I'm not to go near her, so I shan't. He insulted me - said I'd talk her head off. I told him if I knocked off his, I'd very likely save her life. His physic's no good - either rank poison, or else bread pills and coloured water. _I_ know their tricks, bless you! I kept 'em off my poor Luke as long as I could, and then his sister came and got him to have her two doctors, and they finished him off very quick, poor dear soul! When you read the Litany of a morning, Doctor, I always say a prayer as isn't in it, but ought to be - 'From doctors - that's plysic-doctors - quacks, and all their poisons, good Lord deliver us!' I say, Miss Joe, let your school lads and wenches come up to the Tower-house some afternoon next week, to eat fuit. They may as well have a feed before the pigs begin. Come on Tuesday. No? Wednesday, then? Very well, Wednesday. But mind - no Sun0 day-going frocks and breeches. No use to please 'em with one hand and plague 'em with the other. Let 'em by happy their own way. Good-bye. Mark! you've got no - - - spring-wheat this year so good as my slope- croft; come and look at it - fifty bushel an acre, if there's a grain. Where's Mrs. D.? Too stout to get up the hill this hot weather? Janey! there's a capital clutch of white turkeys now; you'd better have a pair. Come up along with Miss Joe and her mob on Wednesday, and Dorry too. Now, Mark, give me a lift; don't be clumsy - that's it. Janey! pin the skirt over my foot; that's a clever wench. Where's Bertha? Oh! I might have known. Paul's a looking after _her_ horse. How quick the Mortons were off! Dick give me my whip. Bertha! come along! Ha! Mrs. Muggeridge, hows the rheumatics? Sally Smith put to be yet? _Twins?_ Lord bless us! whatever's the woman thinking of, and times like these! I must look her up some baby-things." And Mrs. Chatton, her pretty granddaughter, and their stout serving- man, Dick, turned their horses round the churchyard wall, and were gone. Paul Drayton drew a deep breath. "There. The hurricane's over for to-day. I say, Dad, what an escape your governor had, when he didn't marry her." "Why, yes, Paul, I don't know but what he might. My mother, bless her! was as quiet a woman as ever lived." "And Mrs. Chatton's as noisy as a nail-mill. How she keeps it up _I_ can't think. She'd talk, for a county, let alone a parish." "And if her means sufficed, would do good on the same liberal scale," said the rector. "She will do anything to serve anyone who requires help." "Except hold her tongue," said Paul. "Well, well, people don't ask impo- sibities. Hadn't you better ascertain if the gift runs in the family? Eh?" Paul espied something requiring his im- mediate attention, over the way, and made his adieux to the rector and Miss Joe, with a slightly heightened colour, as he left them. Jane and Mr. Drayton turned homewards, the latter remarking, "Ah! I don't quite know what sort of sample she'll turn out - that Bertha Ray; seems running to flag a good deal just now; more straw than wheat I'm afraid - more outside dress than inside goodness; but she's a pretty wench, that's sure, and Paul's young, and taken with her smooth looks, may be." "Smooth looks wouldn't take Paul in in buying a horse, father," said Jane. "And we'll hope he will not be less careful in the choice of a wife." "True enough, my girl. I missed seeing the Mortons, with hearkening to Mrs. Chatton. Did'st speak to 'em, Janey?" "Yes, father; and they want Dora and me up there, to stop till the wedding, if you and mother will let us go." "Aye, aye? Well, we'll see about it, we'll see about it. Where's Dorry?" "She's just behind us, father. She had not time to go to see Mrs. Keigh before church, so she went straight there after. Well, Dora how did you leave her now?" "O, she looks brighter and prettier this morning," said Dora, joining them; "but her cough shakes her sadly, and they can't help noises in the house, that disturb her if she dozes off in the day-time. She looked pleased, father, when I asked her to come to the mill; but she thinks it would be such a trouble to mother. If mother went up herself and spoke, I think she would come." "Then mother sahll," said Mr. Drayton, and they walked on through the fervid noonday warmth, oppressive even in that shady road, which between the high hedge-banks was close, though the tall elms arching overhead kept off the fiercest glare. Welcome was the sight of the garm-yard, and the sady lee of the big old barn, and gladly they reached the terrace and the rose- wreathed mill-house, and dipped into a cooler world as they passed through the shadowy porch, and into the wide, low wainscotted parlour beyond, where a large dining-table stood, covered with snowy damask, and ready laid with bright glass and silver. A corner bay-window, lined with choice geraniums and other plants in pots, shed a softened light over a fair comely woman of scarcely middle-age, who sat beside a little spider-legged table, with an open Bible, and the _Whole Duty of Man_ upon it. Her ample gown was of gay coloured muslin, and her pleasant rosy face was adorned by a cap of somewhat costly fabric and delicate device. In form, feature, and expression, which were all good, she was worthy of her mate, for this was Mrs. Drayton. "Well, Debby," said the miller, flinging down his broad hat on the first chair, and mopping his head and face with a great yellow silk handkerchief as he sat down by his wife, "here you go, as bright as a pink, and as cool as a cucumber, while I'm as hot, sweltering down that road - Lord! it _is_ hot! Ripen the grain, this weather will, if please God send us enough such!" Mrs. Drayton said little. What she did was better than words. Fetching from the side- board a great silver tankard, a precious heir- loom in the house, she lifted the cover, and offered it to her husband, who took a mighty "pull" at its contents, and rested it on one broad knee, as a great black cat, as sleek as satin, jumped on the other. - "Ah, Sweep, old boy, are you come already?" said the miller, stroking his favourite. "I wonder, now, if the Queen has got anybody about her as can brew such a cider-cup as that? But Lord! she don't get hot with walking, so she wouldn't really enjoy it if she had! Have a sup, girls? Why, they're gone!" "Gone to tidy themselves for dinner," said Mrs. Drayton. "You're late. I hope the ducks ain't burnt. They were brown ten minutes ago." "And it 'pears to me, dame, you've been tidying yourself too! Though the'rt always tidy; and _my_ duck aint brown, anyhow! That's a very pretty gown. Is it one of our wedding gowns?" "La, Mark! as if gowns never wore out. No, I bought this last summer, only the weather turned cold so soon, I never put it on." *' Well it's a very pretty one. Have ye as much more as will make me a westkut for Nance's wedding?" "Here, Dorry! come and hear what non- sense father's talking. He wants a waistcoat like my gown for the wedding. Did you ever! a muslin waistcoat! Oh, Mark! Mark! Janey, go and draw the jug of cider. I left it to the last, to be cool out of the cellar. "Where's Paul?" ' "Here, mother, all that's, left of me. I'm training down tremendously this weather. Father, if that cup isn't empty, just let me look into it. By Jove, that's good though! Here, mother, it wants filling again." "Ah! I guessed what would be the con- sequence of your _look_ ," said. Mr. Drayton, laughing. "I thought the Mortons were coming to dinner?" said Mrs. Drayton to Paul. "I went to ask them, mother, but they've some people going to them to-day, and couldn't." "I wish I'd known, for there's enough for a dozen, and we could have asked Mr. and Mrs. Bosworth, or somebody else." "Here's somebody, at any rate," said Mr. Drayton, going to the porch. "It's Mr. and Mrs. Hodgins, Deb. I asked them last market- day." Mrs. Drayton made a little mouth of not exactly delight - but the guests were at the door, and out of their gig already. Mr. Dray- ton met them. "Well, Mrs. Hodgins - just in time. Walk in, the dame's there. How are you, Hodgins? Beautiful day!" "And how are you, ma'am?" said the new arrival, a short thickset woman of coarse aspect, with a low forehead, and peculiarly small, light-brown, almost yellow eyes, set close together, on each side a hose which had no elevation from the face till within an inch of the tip, where it suddenly attained the shape of a knob. She worse a red-pink muslin gown, a lilac shawl with a green border, blue trimmings in her bonnet, and a large bow of amber and brown ribbong by way of halo to a great moon-shaped brooch of white cornelian, supposed to fasten her ample collar. "Nicely, thank you, Mrs. Hodgins; glad to see _you_ looking so well," replied Mrs. Drayton. "Will you step upstairs and take your things off? This way." And Mrs. Drayton ushered her guest into her own spacious chamber, where stood a noble-looking four-post bed, with a high cornice, carved in open-work and painted chiefly in white and gold, and with festoons of flowers that had once been gaily coloured, but had now considerably faded. The cornice had evidently been designed to match the antique chintz hangings, which were of Indian fabric, and rare beauty. The pat- tern on each curtain consisted of one great tree, the ground being depicted by a mass of blunt cones, heaped one on another (as drawn on Chinese plates), with flowers of wonderful species growing out of them. The branches of the tree were adorned by large clusters of pink flowers and fruit, whilst birds and insects of strange and beautiful form and hue were re- presented perched or flitting amongst the sprays. Many a careful patch and darn might be seen in these cherished curtains by a close observer, but they were still singularly handsome. Several large chests of drawers, and old-fashioned walnut and oak presses, seemed as if they might have been com- panions to the grand old bed, since its pristine splendour, as might the bow- legged chairs and tables, and the great oval toilet- mirror. Having taken off her shawl and bonnet, Mrs. Hodgins suddenly stopped short in her proceedings, exclaiming, "There - if I haven't fogot my cap again! and I pinned it up all ready, too. Well, that is worritting, to be sure!" "Oh, don't trouble about it," said Mrs. Drayton, with a quiet smile to herself as she passed the mirror, "I'll find you on. What colour would you like?" "Well, it was a yaller ribbin as mine had on." "Then you shall have a yello one," and Mrs. Drayton, opening a wardobe, selected from an upper shelf thereof a most astonishing fabric of the required colour, which Mrs. Hodgins put on, and pinned; and fixed the fuzzy curls of her false sandy front, with a terrified effect among the bows and borders; and bobbed her head to herself in the glass, and screwed herself round, endeavour- ing to get a peep at the back view, and then with many expressions of latitude to Mrs. Drayton, and annoyance at her own "stupid- ness," followed her hostess to the parlour. Mrs. Drayton was nothing loth to furnish Mrs. Hodgins with a cap occasionally, for having herself a pretty extensive assortment, there were always some grown into disfavour, which she was rather to be quit of; but her amusement was in the fact, that Mrs. Hodgins never _did_ remember to bring a cap, being always sure of getting a present of one when she came to the mill. Dinner was being brought in when they returned to the parlour; the door leading into the drawing-room, or, as Mrs. Drayton usually called it, the tea- room, was open, but the family party were chatting round the dinner-table, and Mr. Hodgins, who was a tenant of Lord Southam's, was slowly trying to explain to Mr. Drayton how he wanted some particular drain cut, when the conversa- tion was cut short by the welcome announce- ment that dinner was on the table. "Now then, are we all here?" said Mr. Drayton. "No; where's s Betsy?" Betsy appeared from the inner room, in the person of Mr. Drayton's widowed sister, a limp and faded-looking woman, slow of speech, mildly sour of aspect, and methodisti- cal altogether, who greeted the company with an inaudible murmur, and took her place at table, much as a tame ghost might have done with whom the family were familiar. "Paul, say grace, Amen," responded the miller. "And I wish ever poor soul in Eng- land had as good a dinner to sit down to this day, that I do." And that was no mean wish, let me tell you. Mrs. Drayton like to cook a good dinner, as well as her husband like to see it, and both could do justice to it; so there was a lordly sirloin that might have been photographed as a model portrait of the roast beef of old England, with tufts of feathery horseradish dropped daintily on its golden' rind, and rivers of gravy running down grooves in the bright pewter dish, to swell the unctuous flood in that well at the one end. There was a delicate boiled turkey, veiled in a torrent of rich creamy white-sauce, and garnshed with brown fried sausages and forcemeat balls. There was a ham, blushing pink all over, through the crisp fine crumbs browned upon it. There was a couple of plump young ducks, and they were _not_ burned; and there were potatoes of the mealyest and French beans of the tenderest; and a dish of fragrant cucumber nicely dressed; and a while cucumber not dressed at all, for Mr. Drayton preferred it _au naturel_ , though he would have asked what that meant. And was not that a good dinner? The tankard of cider-cup went round and round, filled up continually from a might reservoir on the sideboard, by that neat plump Susan in the lilac gown and fluttering pink cap-ribbons, a very rustic Hebe, so fresh and buxom; and there were great brown jugs of cider and beer on the table besides. Strong old "October" there was too for the asking, but as none of the party coveted fever or apoplexy, that potent beverage was uncalled for on the day we chronicle. And then came "the pudding," as Mrs. Drayton simply called the course of sweets which succeeded. An apricot pie, with its flaky crust parting into rich crisp laminae, like the leaves of a book (a book of luscious promise!), was placed opposite Mrs. Drayton, and a dish of little puddings baked in patty- pans and turned out - the most etherial things that could be compounded of batter, came to Mr. Drayton, with a decanter of raspbery vinegar as their fitting sauce. Cheese- cakes, whose like no one ever tasted, made one side-dish, and an open tart of orange marmalade, their _viz-aviz_ ; while a glass salver of two storeys, filled with syllabubs, or as they are now called, creams and custards, prettily ornamented with flowers, was carried very cautiously by Susan, with Mrs. Drayton's quiet eyes upon her all the while, and safely deposited in the midst. Till that feat was accomplised, Mrs. Drayton's mind was not quite at ease; then she breathed freely; for the removal of the salvers was nothing in comparison; they would be lightened of the custard and jelly glasses, and the flowers would be disarranged; but to have the pride of her table upset or disfigured in putting on would have been a trial, and when the risk was over it was a relief. "Mrs. Hodgins, shall I help you to some apricot pie?" says Mrs. Drayton. "I'll thank'ee, ma'am," said Mrs. Hodgins. "But mother," interposed Jane, "that's a _tart_. I wish you would not say pie." "Oh! that's a tart, is it?" quoth her father. "Well, all I know is, there were beefstakes in that dish yesterday, and a crust on top, the very same shape, and nobody called _that_ a tart, so I can't see it' without it's proper to call it a pie o' weekdays and a tart o' Sundays. Debby! we'll have a chicken-tart next Sun- day." "How you talk, father! It's a pie when i'ts meat, and a tart when it's fruit," persisted Jane. "Oh! that's it, is it? Well, then, what's that other, without a roof on, only the rafters, and very poor ones too?" This was a "stringed" tart. "Oh! that's a tartlet," father. "Then," quoth Paul, "what word have you got left for the little ones of the same sort, two mouthfuls apiece, or so? Tartlettines I sup- pose. Well, I think it's great stuff calling that a tart, when, as father says, you make beef into the same shape and it's a _pie_. I don't think it sounds half as well either. An apple- _pie_ or a gooseberry- _pie_ sounds wholesome and comfortable, and there's no sham about them, not when mother makes them, at any rate; but a _tart_! The word isn't equal to the situ- ation, depend upon it. You've three articles to name, and you've three words for them. The pies with lids on, or roofs, as tather says, are _pies_ proper, no matter what's inside. A mail coach does'nt cease, being the mail, be- cause it carries female passengers." "Oh! oh! Paul!" "Well then, the large open concerns, undecked boats, like that opposite, are to all intents _tarts_ ; and the picaninnies are well distinguished as _tartlets_. Now, I think that's clear!" "Very good, Paul. I look upon that point as settled," said Mr. Drayton. Jane pouted a very little; then laughed, and said she supposed she must consider herself beaten. "I see that Crawley along with Madam Somerville this morning, at church," observed Mr. Hodgins. "I daint know as they'd made it up. But he don't look no pleasanter than he'd used to." " _I_ see his wife," put in Mrs. Hodgins, "and I thought _she_ looked a deal _un_ pleasanter. She kep' mumblin' and goin' with her eyes and mouth all prayer-while, as if she was a chewin' up the textes; and may be she don't properly digest 'em inwardly, and that makes her look so jaundicy." "Ah! Mrs. Hodgins," quoth the miller, "don't you be jealous now, for Mrs. Crawley's one of the elect, and I'm afraid you and I ain't." " 'Fraid, indeed, Mr. Drayton. I'd be very much afraid if I though I'd be 'lected along with her. For if she ain't just an out-and-out sham - a regular Pharisee, as hollow as a drum - I'm a blind woman. And madam had better take care, or her Crawleys'll crawl round her for their own ends, some day. You see if they don't." "Well, I hate to think harm of anybody," said Mr. Drayton; "and when I've tried and tried, and can't think good of a man, I try again not to think about him at all. But Crawley's a fellow I don't take to, and never could." "Take to indeed! Ugh! I should as soon expect to see my Dokin' cock take to Him's ferret. Cheese? No thanee, nothing more Oh! I know Mrs. Drayton's cream cheses. Dorry's is it? Well, it looks just like her mother's. You're a bringin' up two good wives for some honest men, Mrs. Drayton. I wish I'd got sons to have 'em. But laws! if I had, they wouldn't, so it's no odds." 