NEWS BY THE MAIL. [FROM OUU OWN CORRESPONDENT.] London, 2Gth October. AUSTRALASIAN MATTERS. Arrangements have been made with the colonial banks in London, and in a little more than a week from this time your debenturo busiuess will be satisfactorily settled. Your ncute aud indefatigable ambassador speaks favorably of the progress of the other portion of his mission. If ' pegging away ' still retains tho virtuo which President Lincoln attributed to it, you will havo no reason to regret your choico of a representative. Thoso pegged ai take very kindly to tho process. So far as courtesy and good wishes go, your colony has no ground for complaint against tho present home Government. Whether such flowers of politeness havo been followed by tho fruit of desiderated deeds, I shall, I suppose, be able to tell you in my next. With Major Palliser and other artil lerists, Mi' Verdon is still in almost coustaut com munication. Mr John O'Shanassy, whom the Dublin cor respondent of the Times calls the ' Prime Minister of Victoria' (at home, you pee, wis get about as near to accuracy on colonial matters as John Pecrybiuglo did to a joke), has been feasted by his Tipperary townsmen. Tho Watcrford Mail. asserts that 'While tho banquet was going on in the school-house at Tipperavy, a largo crowd assem bled, and the small police forco in attendance, finding it was bent on mischief, was largoly in creased. At one time it was foarcu that a general attempt would be mado to smash in nil the windows. The thickest portion of tho crowd, and the largest, supply of stones, were at tho upper window which enfiladed tho table at which tho principal guest was seated, find the police discovered a very diabolical instrument.; it was a blacking jar, filled with gun powder, and fitted with a fuse. Had tliis rude im promptu shell boon thrown into aud exploded in the room, it might havo caused fearful confusion and loss of life. Tho conduct of tho police was most, praiseworthy ; without exciting any ill feeling in the mob, it protected the banqueters fv.im outrago. This incident shows tho stato of feeling which exists amongst a largo class. Tho recipient of thu compliment was a native of tho town, and one would have supposed he would therefore havo beon most popular ; but tho expression of pro-British feeling at tho antipodes was suiiioient' to evoko disapprobation and hostility in Tipperary.' Tho Standard takes Mr O'Shanassy's caroer for a text, and holds forth upon it ill a way which, if I mistake not, will provoke inextinguishable laughter in Victoria. Mr O'Shauassy, it appears, is your ungratefully banished Coriolanus or Camillns. Ho had been cured of domocracy, wo are told, as Swedish drunkards arc cured of brandy drinking, by getting an overdose of it. Don't take theso denun ciations too much to heart, however. There js scarcely a soul in England who cares a straw for anything the Standard says. Tho Toryism of its ' leading ' articles is too manifestly tromboncd to order, often by musicians who strive to make up for lack of practico by extra expenditure of breath, to havo any weight. Standard writers could scribble, some of them havo scribbled, just as well, or as badly, in supjiort of Mr Gladstoho as of Lord Derby. The Age urticlo of tho 24th of July, on Mr Lowe's Australian career, has beon ro- printcd by the Liberal London press. . Colonists, when they como home, often find the mother country considerably warmov iu a physical, but for colder in a social sense, than they had ex - pocted. Nobody seems to core for them. They aro more lonely than they would be iu a literally foreign land. On this unsociable stato of things tho Earl of Shaftesbury made tho following remarks at tho Social Science Congress: — 'Why aro. our colonial follow subjects, when they visit our shores, nearly strangers in the land, and find not hospitality at every corner ? Do wo despiso their loyalty, de preciate their affection, or shut our oyes to their mighty future ? Vory for -from it. Our neglect is tho result of ignorance ; and wo lose, by listless ness and inattention, tho happy means of binding together all regions under her Majesty's rulo with a reciprocal esteem and regard, conducive alike to tho dignity and freedom of tho children, and to tho honor and benefit of tho mother country.' Occa sionally, however, a colonist finds movo interest taken in his affairs at homo than ho relishes. The Lancet ,ot the 29th of September says that Mr Beoney's trial redounds far less to tho credit of tho media J than of the legal profession in Mel bonrno.' Tho Medical Times of tho following week makes very similar remarks. , . '? THE KE-OPKNIN'O EASTERN -QUESTION. Tho Crimean war was fought in vain; Tho in surrection iu Creti1 has not been supprossod ; Epirus and Thessaly are in a ferment ; Egypt ia to havo n French constitution ; Prince Charles of Hohenzollern has at last boon recognised by the Porte, and the enduring Eastern question is again gaping to swallow blood and treasure. There can bo no doubt that tho Eastern question, although pooh-poohed for the present by tho Times, is mo3t seriously occupy ing tho attention of tho wholo of tho Cabinets of Northern and Western Europe. Not only aro we assured that Russia lias requested — though in vain — that the Governments of England and France should unite with her in an intervention in favor of the Greek Christiana in Turkey, but it is stated that Prussia has been endeavoring — though also hi vain— to obtain the help of Austria and France in an attempt to ' settle tho Eastern question in uuisoH with the interests of Germany.' In Russia no secret is nuulu of tha desire or intention of tho Government to undo tho work of 1850, and, by in cluding tho Dardanelles within tho dominion of tho Czar, to open up for tho Russian navy a frco way into the Mediterranean. Tho Vest, tho organ of tho Russian nobility, has tho following observations on tho entry of tho Princess Dagmar into St. Petersburg : — 'Tho war in which tlio Danos were impli cated, notwithstanding tho gallantry evinced by them, terminated unfavorably for their, cause ; but her new country now offers to .Princess Dagmar tha most powerful throne in the world. Herself destined to wear tho crown of Russia, slio is tho sister of tho future Queen of England, and of King George of Greece. Whilo tho sovereignty of tho most prosperous realm in tho universe will one day devolve uj)on hor English brother-in-law, her Greek brother, reigning over a people who aro our co-religionists, will, in all' probability, establish a great kingdom on tho ruins of Mahometan rule. Should Providence will that tho Dardanelles are not to become Russian property, we cuu only wish that they should fall to orthodox Greeeo and hor King, the brother of our future mistress. Russia, ruling in tho Kuxino and Baltic, is not in possesnion of the straits connecting thoso seas with the ocean. Much fighting may bo required to render us masters of tho Dardanelles ; but the Sound, tho Dardanelles of tho North, at any rate, is iu the hands of King Christian, the illustrious father of our own Dagmur. Wo hope and trust that tho family ties uniting tho Danish and tho Russian dynasties will assist us in attaining theso aims, which powerful Russia cannot do otherwise than pursue.' ITALY. Vonctia has cast in her lot with United Italy — Mazzini giving this' mot d'ordrr. : — ?' A unitary monarchy is to bo preferred to a federative republic. Let your vote, therefore, bo ' Ycb.' ' ; PRUSSIAN SPOILS. Hanover, V.y tho pen of its king, mid Frankfort, by that of its citizens, havo protested a^nmst incor poration with Prnssia ; but, of course, Prussia hiw regarded their protests just as much ;ia a boa constrictor regards tho squeak of a crushed rabbit. HEALTH OP EUUOI'E'S WlH-E-rUU-XJlB. Tho French newspapers speak of tit-' continued illness of Count Bismarck, which they describe »n a prostration, accompanied by lous o' iippetiti.1. Private letters so far confirm this UisU. they talk of an attack of paralysis. It is almost ir/ipfssiblc to say anything certain as to Louin Kapok/m's st;:tc. He seems to be inside well or ill afeovii!::;,* to the political proclivities of thorcportcr.-t. The hidcpeu dance Beige, no very trustworthy iwlHor.'ty. has set afloat a rumor that the Emperor coulMiiplnliw paying a visit this winter to Algeria, the : Empress acting aa Regent during his absence, SPAIN IK IIEIt TANTHUH:-. Tho Spanish Government ia acting 'with idiotic audacity. Although the nation is ko JiKg';i8ted with its monarch that outbreaks have ,-i^iin become normal incidents in Spanish political life, mid it.i« a mere question of months, perhaps of '.rflo'aj, when Queen Isabella is to be diserov.TK.!, f!ioso who govern Spain persist in making enciait:: all. round. On the false pica that she was a Chilian privateer, they have seized a British steamer, llio Tornado, and treated her crew with great harshness as pri soners of wur ; and, in iqiite of France's, urgent ad vice that they should give her up and apologise, and, at any rate, an indirect threat that tho British -/ Mediterranean fleet would be sent to Cadiz to claim .' her, they have resolved not, under any circnm- _____ Ijoiit on liuiuoiiiiy, 11 liui I'uYiiMuuuciug, nor i'uciiii; colonies. By the throat of a bombardment, she has made the Moorish Governor of Mazagan give up two Moorish sroundroln who had claimed the pro tection of the Spanish vice- consul, apologiso for the exercise of his right in seizing them, and flog the soldiers who had executed his ordors ; and, to crown all, it is said that when the Fronrh army of protection mnrches out of Rome, a Spanish army of protection will march in. Surely, however, this wauld be a iiiorlit too high for even Spanish arro gance and folly. The Evening Post (ovening edition of the OJTicial Vienna Gazette) sayB : — ' Intelligence lias recently been pnbliahod that the Austrian Govormnent had declined a proposal alleged to have been nddremed to it by the Madrid Cabinet, that Spain and Austria should take common action for the defence of the temporal power of tbo Popo. With reference to this statement, we must observe that if it is correct that Spnin, like all other Catholic powers, is strongly interested in the weifaro of the Holy See, and has inndo that qnc3tion the subject of certain representa tions, tho latter have never assumed the character of formal proposals. The Austrian Cabinet could, therefore, have had no occasion to give a roply of any kind to tho Spanish Government.' troubles in Holland. Tho nsnally steady-going kingdom o£ Holland, blest in latter days through having no annals, is in it ferment. Prussia refuses to permit Luxemburg to bo eliminated from Germany, and Dutch King and Dutch Parliamont havo squabbled fierooly over tho question of slavery in Java. Tho Parliament has boon dissolved. Should tho new one persist in tho liberalism of its predecessor, the King is said to have threatened that ho will punish it with a coup d'etat. THttEATBHKD IMPEACHMENT OF PRESIDENT JOIINSON. The principal news from tho United States may bo very concisoly summed up. Tho Radicals aro carrying almost everything before them at tho Fall elections, and, unwisely elated by their triumph, aro menacing tiio President with impeachment, just when he manifests palpable signs of a roadiuess to ' cave in ' to their commands. SELF-PROPOSED ANNEXATION 01' A BRITISH COLONY TO THE UNITED STATES. Tho Vancouver's Island Government lias an nounced that it intends to petition tho homo Go vernment to grant tho island a responsible Govern ment and a reciprocity treaty with tho United States : anil should this be refused, tho Qneon is to be solicited to arrango for tho annexation of the colony to tho United States. FENIANISM IN EXCELSIS. ? A London papor, strongly biassed in favor of tho United States and Irish Nationalists, thus de ' scribes the latest Fenian catch : — ' Tho Fenians in Now York have at last accomplished something. They havo got hold of what Carlylo might call a roality. Amid all the bluster and noiso and non sense, among tho Bowery heroos and bar-room chiefs, among tho Colonel Robertses and Captain M'Afferty's, appears at last one grim and genuine old warrior, and sadly or ludicrously out of place he looks. A lamo and toathless old lion set to play a port in a travelling show could not cut a queerer, more incongruous, more melancholy figure than did tho latest hero of American Fcnianism at an exhi bition of which accounts have just reached Europe Tho New York Fenians — or at least that section of thorn which adheres to Colonel Roberts — had a picnic tho other day — a jrand political picnic, not a ploa ? want purposeless affair of cold game-pie, and sherry, and more opon-air enjoyment such as wo lioro know by tho familiar name. This was a demonstration to welcome a new political auxiliary. The picnic was held on Stuten Island, and was attended, wo learn, by nearly all tho prominent members of the Roberts party. There was a brass band playing Irish airs. There was dancing, for the Fenian sisterhood was woll represented there. But these enjoyments wore the more preliminaries of grave momentous business. At four in tho afternoon came tho grand event. ' A carriage was seen ascending the hill,' and tho carringo contained tho hero of tho day, for so soon as it arrived at tho proper place Colonel Roberts introduced to tho Fenians and Fenianpssos thoir now auxiliary, Goneral Santa Anna. And tho grim, reckless, wily, savage old soldier, revolu tionist and dictator, tho man whose career stamped itself for more than thirty years in blood and lire upon the liistory of his country, got up on the plat form and made a stump oration to the Fenians and Colonel Roberts. Wo doubt whether history over did or could produce a inoro cruelly satirical anti climax.' Mr John Mitchell, of Irish rebellion and. Richmond Enquirer nstorioty, and till now Fenian envoy or agent in Paris for Ireland, is going back to Now York to bring against Head-Centre Stephens grave accusations of having squandered the money of the organisation. TIIB FAMINE IN INDIA. The telegraphic nowa from Calcutta is of a melan choly character. Ono half of tho population of Orissa is supposed to hnvo died of famine, and now cholera is following in the steps of tho gaunt destroyer. Fortunately, tho prospocts of tho harvest are favorable Before this lust news came, a mooting was held at the Mmsion Houso to consider tho ox pedioncy of raising a sum of money fir the relief of thoBO suffering from famino in India. Copies of telegrams which had passed between Sir John Lawrcnco and Lord Cranborno at the India Office were read at tho mooting, and were held as a sufficient proof that a subscription at the present time was not necessary. At a meeting of tho Indian Famino Relief Com mittee, hold at tho Mansion House, on Monday, a telegram, of date the 15th inst., from- Sir John Lawronco to Lord Cranborne, was read, in which tho Vicoroy expressed his concurrence in tho deci sion of a public meeting at Calcutta to appeal to tho Lord Mayor for subscriptions in aid of the sufferers — although, there being £40,000 in hand, and more money coming in, the Lioutenaut-Governor of Ben gal had stated that he did not think that aid from Kngland was needed. Sir Jobn further intimated that, while tho distress was, and must for some wooks .and until tho rice har vest was reaped continuo vory great, tho prospocts of tho harvest wero comparatively favor able. Tho opinion of the committee was that it was not necessary to open a public subscription in this country. It was stated by the Lord Mayor that the Viceroy had been instructed by tho Indian Seoretary to do n very necessary piece of work — to institute a formal inquiry into the conduct ef tho Bengal officials in thoir dealings, or rather non dealings, with tho distress. It must bo said, how over, that even the Viceroy himself showed a dis appointing want of energy in coping with the einor gency, when, instead of using the resources of tho erapiro at tho hend of which he is, ho telegraphed to support a prayer that the Lord Mayor should do tho work of tho Indiau Government. 'TOM BROWN' ON 'ALTON LOCKE ' TURNED TORY. Mr T. Hughes, M.P., writes thus in a letter to tho New. York Tribune apropos the Eyre case: — 'Tho foremost men on tho wrong side with us,as yet, are Carlyle, Ruskin, and Kingsley. Our people are calling them renegades, but this is not fair. Tho only one to whom the name can with even prima facie fairness be given is Kingsley. Carlyle has been a power-worshipper and a despiser of free dom any time these twenty-five years. Reverence him as one does, and must, there is no denying this. Ruskin has been tho captive of Carlyle's bow and spear for the last ten years, or nearly that. He is intensely clear, keen, and narrow ; can never see more than one side, and is as bigoted a here- worshipper. He is fond now of saying, ' I am a King's man, not a mob's man,' including tyrant in his term king, and people in his term mob. But Charles Kingsley had far more real popular sym pathy in him at one time. I remember nearly twenty years ago, at one of a series of meetings of tho leaders of our London working men, called by Mr Maurice and a lot of young lawyers and parsons who were working with him. Kingsley made a speech, in which he declared himself a Chartist, and gave his reasons, carrying the whole meeting enthusiastically with him. Three or four years later again, at tho time of the first Great Exhibition, I remember his preaching his celebrated sermon on freedom, equality, and brotherhood, in a London pulpit, to which he had been specially invited by tho incum bent, who rose up in tho reading-desk, scared, and made a protest against the doctrine and the preacher the moment he had finished. After ward he was one of the chief leaders among the Christian Socialists, and wrote constantly in their paper, and a series of tracts, under the nom de plume of Parson Lot. One of his tracts in this series, called ' Cheap Clothes and Nasty,' had a considerable reputation at the time, and deserved it. His early books too — ' The Saint's Tragedy.' ' Yeast,' and 'Alton Locke' — had the true liberal ring in them. But, for all that, those who knew him best always said that his sympathies were at the bottom strongly aristocratic ; and so it has proved. He was bred in a school where deference to mere rank was part of the creed. Moreover, his brother Henry, who was out in Australia during Eyre's exploring trips, came home a great admirer of tho ex-Governor, and inoculated his big brother before the Jamaica riots occurred ; and, lastly, Kingsley's family owned West India property, and were great losers by emancipation. Taking all this into consideration, I think one may regret very much tho prominent part which he has thought fit to take in this matter, without quoting Browning's ' Lost Leader' against him, or ceasing to respect and feel kindly toward a man who has done yeo- man's service for the right at one time in his life.' The Poet Laureate, since this letter was written, has subscribed to the defence fund. MORE MONSTER MEETINGS. Reform meetings, densely attended by the work ing-classes, aro still the order of the day. At Leeds 80,000 persons assembled, to claim manhood suffrage, on the Woodhouse Moor. At least un equal number assembled on Glasgow-green. At both these meetings Mr Bright was present, speak ing afterwards to smaller audiences under cover. Some of his friends are frightened at tho Reform storm he has raised — they think he has endorsed too democratic demands. He seems, however, to thoroughly enjoy the now most momentons agitation. MR DISRAELI A RADICAL REFORMER. At Leeds, Mr Forster bespoke a fair hearing for any measure that might be introduced by tho present Government, and hinted that it was not impossible that Mr Disraeli, like Sir Robert Peel, might close his career by sacri ficing his party and producing a really liberal bill. It is quite possible that Mr Disraeli may end life as he began it, a Radical. He is bound to his present party by no principle, but no one except Mr Forster thinks such a return to the abjured creed of the youth of tho farmers' friend of I860 very probable. A CHALLENGE, A DEFENCE, AND A DINNER FOB Hit LOWE. The committco who managed tho Leeds meeting sout tho following letter to Mr Lowe : — ' Loods, 2nd October. — Sir, — Yon are perhaps aware that the working men of.Wost Yorkshire are arranging for a Reform demonstration to bo hold in Loeds on Mon day next, 8th October. At a meeting of the com mittee of management in Loeds town hall, last even ing, it was iHuurimously resolved that tho right hon. Robert Lowe, M.P. for Calno, and tho right hon. Edward Horsman, M.P. for Stroud, should be invitod to Loods on Monday noxfc, to witness tho Reform meeting by tho work ing- men of tho West Riding of Yorkshiro. The committee, in passing this resolution, aro actuated by a desiro that you and Mr Horsman should havo an opportunity of judging of the cha racter of tho working men of West Yorkshiro. Ac cording to present indications, there will bo a mus ter of upwards of 100,000 mon next Monday, nearly tho whole of whom will be bona fide work people, in the receipt of weekly wages, and who aro at pre sent excluded from voting for members of Parlia ment. It is calculated that no less a sum than £60,000 or £70,000 will be tho cost of this great meeting to those whom you have stated are unfitted and havo no desire for tho franchise. Tho commit too can give yon tho fullest assurance that you shall havo fair and favorable opportunities of mixing with the uufranchised of this district, and they believe that if yon accept this invitation, you will, whon the next Reform Bill comes before tho House of Com mons, bo in a position to speak of tho working classes as a body with less bitterness than hitherto has boon your custom. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, R. M. Carter, chairman, and Alderman of tho borough of Leeds.' I believe Mr Lowo did not condescend to tako any notice of this challenge. A JET-PROPELLER GUNBOAT. Mr Ruthven's invention, or rather adaptation from nature, of hydraulic propulsion for ships, has obtained a trial from the Admiralty. They deter mined to tost it in the Waterwitch gunboat. She left Woolwich for Tilbury, where tho Admiralty officials appointed to watch and report upon the trial wero to join her, at 8.30 a.m., in charge of stiiff coinmandor Dillon, her Majesty's ship Fisgard, her draught of water being 9 ft. 8 in. forward and 9 ft. 10 in. aft, the lower lips of tho nozzle pipes dis charging tho water on tho outside of the vessel boing 8 in. below tho water-line. Tho engines worked almost noisolossly and with a beautiful uniformity of action as their three connecting roda whirled round tho immense water-wheel up to i!9 revolutions per minute, that being tho maximum rate at which it was attempted to drive them between Woolwich and ' Tilbury. The measured mile in Long Roach was passed at 9.30 a.m. in G minutes and twenty seconds, the speed of tho ship being 9.47-1 knots, with tho revolutions of the engines at 39 ; the pressure of steam, 17 lb ; and tho vacuum, 27 in. Tilbury was reached at 13 minutes past 10, the time from Woolwich having been 1 hour and 43 minutes. So far, tho amount of success ob tained was, without doubt, greater than had been anticipated, and was a favorable omen of tho rosults of the day's trial. In running past tho mile in Long Roach tho tide was at high water, slack. The vessel was steamed down the river an far as Sonthend, whon, everything having proved to be of tho most satisfactory nature, the courso was re versed and laid up the river again, until tho Admi ralty measured mile in tho Lower Hope was reached, whon two runs woro made with tho conditions and results annexed : — 1st Run — A half -knot tide against the ship. Wind, force of 3 on port bow ; time on tho mile, 7 inin. 15 sec. ; spoed of ship, 8.276 knots ; revolutions .of engine, 41 ; steam x'ressuro, 241b ; vacuum, 27 inches. 2nd Run — Tido, half a knot in ship's favor; wind, nil; time on tho mile, 6 min. 17 sec. ; speod of ship, 9.549 knots ; revolutions of ? engines, 42 ; stsam pressure, 251b ; vacuum, 26in. ; moan spoed of the ship in the two runs, 8.912 knots. This very agreeable result, it is but fair to say, is as much duo to the unusual excellence of the ship's engines aa to tbo many acknowledged good qualities of tho hydraulic system of propul sion. The vessel, with slibhtly more favorable con ditions, whioh can readily bo given her, will cer tainly make a full half- knot iu addition to her present rate, and this half- knot may bo increased to a full throe-quarters if she is sent to Portsmouth to complete her trials under the same conditions as are pursued with all other of her Majesty's ships on the Stokes1 Bay mile. SOCIAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION. The Social Science Association has hell its tenth annual congress at Manchester, under the presi dency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, who, in his 'inaugural address' ranged over all the wido variety of social and economical questions with which the association concerns itself — the review boing prefaced by a vindication of the raison d'etre and of the effoctivo influenco of tho association. Tho best means of preventing infanticide, the ad vance and advantages of popular education, tho benefit of the half-time system as an aid to tho cducativo efforts of tho State, the abuses and evils attending the employment of girls in brick-fields, the difficulties in tho way of educating children in the agricultural distriotf, tho urgent need that exists for the remedy of the mischiefs arising from overcrowding iu the dwellings of the working classos and the poor, the peaceful stato of our foroign relations, the lesson of tho Atlantic cable, tho desirableness of larger sympathy with and moro liberal hospitality towards our colonial, and parti cularly our Indian fellow- subjects, whon they visit our shores, the greatness of tho power and goodness of the heart of tho press, the call for effort aud consideration in removing the many abuses and preventing the much suffering that attond the employments of women and children — all iu turn engaged tho attention of the noble Earl ; who conoluded with an ardent appeal to his hearers to obey ' the law of kindness and love, a law rich in promise, joyous in operation, and certain as truth itself.' NEW PLAYS AND PLAYIIOUgK. Mr Henry Thorton Craven, who, I believe, was for several years favorably known iu Australia as an actor, and who since bis return to England has obtained considerable reputation as an original playwright, whilst most compatriot members of tho craft content themselves with adaptations from the French, by his ' Chimney Comer,' ' Post Boy' and ' Milky-Whito,' has just brought out, at the now Royalty Thontro, a new piece, entitled ' Meg's Diversion,' which, without the slightest aid from claqueurs, has been crowned with the most unequivocal succoss. The author of another now piece, ' Ethel,' produced the other night at tho Adolphi, was not so fortunate, on its first represen tation. At least, half the house most heartily hissed his play. It scarcely merited so severe a fate, being a good deal moro clever, aud not moro immoral, than sundry other 2'cccs which have recently escaped censure ; but all parts of the house chose to take objection to its othics, and the gallery, more over, was additionally incensed by an anti-popular reference to. the Hydo-park riots, which a young actross, not content with speaking no more than was set down for her, most injudiciously took it npon her solfto'gag.' Tho fact of a London audience having for once re-asserted its old often-exercised right of oxpressing its 'own opinion of a play, without waiting for the verdict, rarely, a vere dictum of press critics, is looked upon as a porten tous sign of th,i times in drainutie circles. At Drary Lane Mr Bayle Bernard has brought out a new uUaptaciun of ' Jb'aust,' or ruthor of Goethe's poem piut its previous adaptations to the stage. Ho has worked as much of the original master pieoo's wording as ho could make available for play-acting purposes into his reproduction, and, the management having spared no expenso on scenic effocts, somo of which aro very striking, tho new pieco appeals forcibly and successfully both to tho cultured and uncultured sections of play-goers. A handsome new theatre has been openod, to bumper bouses, in Holborn, through the enterprise of Mr Sefton Parry, formerly manager of the re suscitated Greenwich Theatre. A THEATRE IWUNT DOWN. Last Sunday morning tho Standard Theatre, Shoreditch, was discovered to be en fire, and in the courso of an hour or two it was almost totally destroyed. A new burlesque on ' Der Froischuts' had been produced tbo night before. The incanta tion scene had been got up in very sensational style, and it is conjectured that some of tho combustibles effected a concealed lodgment eithor amongst tho scenery or in somo fissures of tho boards, and lay smouldering until after tho closing of tho houso, which took placo about midnight, everything at that time appearing to bo iu perfect safoty. FREE THINKERS IN A FIX. When professors can hold their chairs even in Scottish universities without subscribing to the national ' standards ' of belief, it seems strange that in University College, London, hitherto famed for tho wide door it opened to ' Jews, Turks, and In fidels ' I mention tho fact not sueeringly, but respectfully), 'religious disabilities' should bo revived. So, however, it seems they aro. Tho .council of the college are just now in a difficulty as to a succossor for the chair of mental philosophy and logic to tho Rev. Dr. Hoppus. Among tho candidates is tho Rev. James Martineau ; and the senate of tho college have unanimously recom mended him as tho best qualified of tho candidates. It is stated, however, that the council are unwilling to confer tho chair on ouo so prominently known as «. Unitarian. TnE CESAREWITCH AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. On the ninth of this month Newmarket Heath was covered with a crowd far larger than that woll troddon ground had ever borne before. Twenty-five jockoyB wero weighed out for tho great race of the day, which was won by Lecturer, out of Algebra by Costordale. Tho popular colors of Boron Rothschild woro carried by Lothario, who was always well in front — indeed, on approaching tho dip, shouts wero raised proclaiming his victory ; but, in the dip, Lec turer (with whom tho Marquis of Hastings, it is said, stood to win £100,000) headed tho Baron's horse, and won after a gamo finish by half a length from Lothario, who defeated Proserpine a head only for second placo. The oxcitoment was something immonso, and the Marquis and Marchioness wero overwhelmed with congratulations. Count Lagrango's La Favorite came in last but ono. A selling race intervened, after which the race for the Cloanvell Stakes, which proved to be ono of tho most exciting races of tho day, took place. Nino animals, includ ing Lord Lyons's flying sister, Achievement, Plaudit, Pericles, ami six others, went to. tho post. Odds were frooly laid on Achievement, but, despito tho vigorous riding of Custanco, who called resolutely upon tho filly at tho finish, s-io was beaten literally in the last strido by a head by Plaudit, who was im mediately afterwards backed for the Derby. Tho defeat of the hitherto invinciblo Achievement created a groat sensation on the heath, and formed tho most tprominont feature of this Cesorewitch day. Mr S. Thellusson's Actiea, out of a field of twenty-oight, was tho winner of the Cambridgeshire — another victory for Stockwell blood. TWO SCOTCH ITEMS. Lord Archibald Campboll, second son of tho Duke of Argyll, is to beoomo a wine merchant. If tho news roaches Hades, Helen Macgrogor's ghost will bo in a fino fury. A wholesale forgery of Union Bank noteB has been perpetrated iu Glasgow, but ' tho utterors were arrested at Dalkeith before they had been able to pass moro than one hundred and fifty of them. IRISH ITEMS. The Queen's University, beneficently intended by the late Sir Robert Peel to bo a healer of Irish strifo, bids fair, through tho mismanagement of tho late Government, to use tho mildest term, to become a renewer of vory rancorous Irish contention. The senate of tho Queen's University, by a majority of 11 to 9, had accepted tho altered charter proposed for tho University by the late Government, on tho instigation of a portion of tho Roman Catholic clergy, as distinct from tho Roman Catholic laity. Tho effect of this vote — if it is offectivo in law, of which happily some doubt remains — will bo to put all sorts of sectarian institutions on the same footing as the Queen's Colleges, and bo to withdraw the favor which tho Stato has hitherto shown to mixed or national over sectarian or ecclosi astical education. Tho vote in tho senate has been brought about by the addition of soveral now mem bers, the object of whose creation [was so to vote ; and by party and clerical pressure inducing somo members of tho senate to voto inconsistently with their opinions and former acts, and others to stivy away. .All tho presidents of the collogos voted against tho change ; all tho Roman Catholics, ex cept Sir R. Kane, voted in favor of it ; as did also Mr Gibson, the representative of the Presbyterians. This lust incident requires explanation , and some thing more than explanation, considering that the General Assembly of tho Irish Presbyterians strongly condemned the change for which their re presentative has now voted. A legal question has been raised, whether the senato cau accept any alteration on the charter without tho assent of the graduates, and there appears to bo a fair chance that on this ground tho evil may bo stayed. Tho acceptance by tho senate of tho supplemental charter was loudly and generally hissed at the moet ing for conferring degrees, and tho reforenco to tbo subject in the ex-Lord Chancellor of Ireland's speech was very unfavorably received. Tho election of a senator afforded tho rival par ties of convocation an opportunity of testing their strength, and tho opponents of tho charter carried their point by nearly two to one, Like Irishmen, tho contending parties waxed warm over tho ques tion, and there wero some lively, and, to mero lookers-on, amusiug scones. The supporters of tho new charter ultimately took offence, loft tho Castle, and avoided tho defeat which almost cer tainly awaited them. Ultimately the rejection of the charter was carried nem. dis. ; but this point is the less important as two most distinguished members of the Irish bar have given it as thoir opinion that the charter, accepted or not, is a nullity, and that tho senate may bo restrained from granting degrees to any persons not qualified under the old chnrter. According to tho Cork Reporter, ' Tho present Government will probably cut this Gordian knot by giving tho Catholic University, an independent charter for itself. Mr Disraeli, at least, is in favor of tho concession. A Conservative contemporary states that a charter, on tho model of tho Univer sity of Laval (Quebec), is about to be granted to tho Catholic University of Ireland.' A Good Example. — At tho meeting of the share holders of the Extended Sons of Freedom Con pany, which took placo at Chillorn, on Tuesday last, tho sum of twenty guineas was voted to tho funds of the Ovens District Hospital. This is an oxatnplo worthy of imitation by tho other mining companies in tho district. — O. and M. Advertiser, December 13. Skrious Accident. — A minor, named James Nethery, a tributer of tho Edward's reef, whilst working in tho deep tunnel of tho mine on Monday last, was struck on tho head by a largo stone, which . fell from the upper workings and knocked him down. Thero was no one with him at tho time, but he managed to erawl to tho mouth of tho tunnel, where ho was found by his mate bleeding and senseless. Dr. Nush immediately proceeded to tho spot, and found that ho had sustained a severe fracture of the skull. He was conveyed to tho hospital, and is likely, with judicious management, to recover within a reasonable time. — Wood's Point Leader, Dec. 15. Barracuda Fishing-. — For tho last three or four weeks somo largo shoals of barracuda havo been observed in Port Fairy Bay, and just off the coast lying to tho eastward. Great numbers havo been takeTi by tho fishermen, and somo fine sport has been onjoyod by some of our amateur boatmen who havo been out iu sailing dingies. A greater pro portion of largi fino fish aro now being taken than at the ti--ui- they first appeared in large quan tities, when many that wore captured wore bolow the usual size ; in some instances bo small as to bo retailed at sixpence each, while the full-sizod fish readily brought eigliteeupeuce. On Wednesday last two boats captured somo 059 largo fish, tho numbers being respectively : Maori, 354 ; and Teazer, 305. The time occ-ipicd in tliia tuku was three hours. A considerable demand for fish has Bprung up iu tho country places, and all captured are speedily disposed of nfc prices which must be satisfactory to tho fishermen. — Belfast Gazette, Dec. 14. A new OVN manufactory has been erected at Co penhagen. Twelve thousand breech-loaders uare becu ordered by the MinisUf of War. 