l^lERCOLONUL CRICKET MATCH, j from ode eraciAii nxponiBA) Thursday, December 20th. 9 "or half-past 9 am" the wind withheld con Si to the south, and a most agreeable change it "The day proved as pleasantly cool as the day Wore had been unpleasantly hat. The game was i\,T«.d at 12.5, Kellick and Gregory again appearing IfthTwiekets to the bowling of Wills and Conway, in,, event of Wills's 5th over Gregory cut among SaltaTañaran; it was muffed by wilkie ; had it we melted up clean and returned, it must have been of use to nothing could have saved a wicket ; it was no soup by half ; as it was a run was got The last of the over Kelly, gave a chance to O'Mullane which he was far too good a judge to reject. Kellick was in an hour and ten minutes, and played a very careful, study innings ; he made the same number of runs as Lawrence-23; three 3's, two 2% and ten singles. Telegraph, 3, 23, 56. 'To him succeeded the rc Caffyn at 12 h. 12 m. Off the fourth of Conway's 11th Gr'ceory scored a single for a leg hit. Wills's 60 was a maiden to Gregory. Conway's H a maiden to Caffyn. The last ball of Wills's 7th over Gregor)- cut over Kelly's head and ran: in Tumble sharply round Kelly stumbled, or he would no doubt have caught the ball by a little oversight he threw to the bowler instead of the wicket-keeper ; but for this Gregory must have lost his wicket ; no man was made, and another maiden was put to the credit of Wills. Conway's 16th to Caffyn was a maiden Wills's 7th to Gregory was another ; but off the third ball a leg-bye was run. Conway's 16th to Gregory was the third maiden in succession; but of the third of this likewise a leg-bye was got. The first all of Wills's 8th over Gregory hit up to leg. Rees ran for the catch, but finding he could not reach the »allhe'stopped short; but he was a little too close, and after striking the ground it bounded over his head and went through the fence, for 4 ; the next ball was a leg-bye. Conway's 17th was a maiden to arcHery. Caffyn drew the lost of Wills's 5th for a single. At the first ball of his 14th over Conway gave the " Surrey crack" an opportunity of making one of his old brilliant cuts past cover ; the ball went through the fence for 4 ; the third ball he touched, and in an instant O'Mullanc's Roger voice was heard, "How was that ?" " Out," with Driver's reply ; up went the ball, and down went the hopes of those who had served against the Victorians winning in one innings. It was now just half past 12. Caffyn had been in just eighteen minutes, and had only contrived to score o 4 and a single. Telegraph, 4, 6, 60. Hewitt took the lost hall, and cut it very neatly vast point for a single receiving Wills's 10th over, the last of-Rhich he drew for a couple. A leg-bye run off the first of Conway's 19th brought Hewitt opposite to the bowler, who sent him a trimmer, which dismissed him six minutes after he had made HE appcorant'C, just touching the top of the wickets. The score of 3 was made up v. 1' one double and one single. Telegraph, 6, 3, 73. The next to appear in the lists was Nat. Thompson, at 12.35, who made rather a plucky draw for a double off the last ball of the over. The fact of Wills' 11th Gregory hit to mid-off ; Fowler, fcy smart fielding, prevented more than a single being made. The second of Conway's 20th Gregory seat in the same direction and Fowler again fielded the ball well, and only one was scored. The last ball of the ever struck Nation the pad and glanced into the wicket. A life of seven minutes was all that had been allowed him, and in that time he had only contrived to mark a double. It was now forty two minutes after 12, and the telegraph showed a, 2, 77. Sam Cosstick now became Gregory's via u via. Gregory, scored 2 for a leg hit off the fourth of Wills' 12th over. Conway bowled his 21st over a maiden to Sam, but at the last ball a leg-bye was got, Phillips by piece of capital fielding saving any more runs. Cosstick played the first of Wills' 13th to short leg for 2 ; Gregory cut the third of Conway's 22nd among the slips for a single ; Wills' 14th to Gregory was a maiden ; a leg-bye was, however, run off' the second rail. The second of Conway's 23rd was hit by Gregory to long-leg ; Turner's good fielding prevented more than a double being run ; the third Gregory played to mid-off for a single and the last Sam cut U square leg for a couple. Wills' loth over was a maiden to Gregory, off the third and fourth of Conway's 24th Cosstick scored-the first a double for a little long-off; the last four for a nearly straight drive-all run. Wills' sixteenth, delivered over the wicket to Gregory, was a maiden. Conway's twenty Iffh to Sam was also a maiden, ns was Wills' seven tenth ; but a leg-bye was scored off the third ball of the former. CoSStick hit the first of Conway's twenty-sixth to long-on for 3, and Gregory cut the next well past cover for 2 ; but the last ball he played a little too much under, and Kelly was close at hand to receive it, I needn't say more. Gregory, who had retained his place at the wickets spite of all efforts to dislodge him, for an hour and sixteen minutes, had 68 runs to his credit, comprising 1 four, 4 twos and 6 singles. Telegraph, 7, 18, 102. The next room was Curtis, at 1.12 The fourth of Tommy's 18th Sam Cosstick cut to cover for one, and received from Conway his 27th of versa maiden ; a leg-bye being run, off the first ball, gave him the bowling again and Wills treated him to another maiden over. The first hall of Conway's 28th over was a shooter, and, as it went a trifle faster than greased lightning, Curtiss had the mortification of hearing the rattle behind him, which announced his defeat in eight minutes, without having given the scorers Any thing to do. He was the only player in either inning"s who earned the duck's egg. At twenty minutes past 1 Curtis retired-the telegraph showing 8.0. 104-in favour of Oliver, who on the return of the field who had been to " flicker up," commenced operations by hitting Conway's second to mid-off for 2, following up with a sore leg hit for 3 off the last. Wills bowled him his 20th over a maiden ; Sara drew the first of Conway's 29th for a single, and Oliver touched the third, which went to the leg for another. As there were now but two more wickets to fall, it was considered desirable to retire to lunch half-an-hour before the appointed time and to protract the sitting until 3 o'clock, when Wills commenced with a maiden for his 21st over. Cos stick got the first of Conway's 30th away to leg for 2\. The dust of Wills' 22nd hit Oliver on the glove and went to leg for a single. The second of Conway's 31st Oliver slipped ; the ball went through the fence, and under the grand-stand, and 4 were scored. Wills bowled Sam a maiden-his 23rd over. Oliver made a fine cut to cover off the second of Conway's 32nd, but being capitally taken by Rees, a single only was added to the score. Oliver received Wills's 21th *Te*"7a maiden ; Sam slipped the first of Conway's 33rd for a single, and Oliver hit the second to leg for a double. Cosstick got Wills' 25th and Oliver Conway's 34th both maidens. The first of Wills' 26th Siam drew, but Phillips stopped it admirably, so but he was made ; the fourth Oliver played to short- leg for another single. This brought him opposite Con- way and off the first ball of his 35th over he got a snick which went under the grand stand for 4. Sam drew the fourth of Wills's 27th for 1 Turner was Acre put on at Conway's end, bowling to Cosstick. his third ball he cut very prettily to cover-point ; sees dashed at it, took, and returned it to O'Mul FT In a style that could not be surpassed, and by Mullane, on his part, received the ball and put down the wicket in a manner that Lockyer himself must have applauded. It was as fine cricket all wand as has been witnessed in the colony, and the my mistake made was in trying for a second run with such men in the field. Sam did Î" utmost to get back, and, according to his own account, succeeded ; but the SPIT? drought otherwise, and he had to retire at war with a well-earned 21 to his name, got in an hour and eleven minutes, made up of 1 four, 1 three 4 ewes, and 6 singles. Telegraph 9, 21, 130. Oatley, the last man, now joined partnership with Oliver, who took Wills' 28th over. The third ball are at to mid-off, and Fowler, in taking the ball, 2s. avg slipped and fallen a single was run. Oliver S, ¥"£" of Turner's 2nd to cover for a double. Wills 29th, 30th, 31st, and 32nd were all maidens to Stanley, and Turner's 3rd a maiden to Oliver. Off the last of Turner's 4th Oliver got a snick to leg for a double, and off the second of his fith an on me through the fence for 4. The first LL 9^in£ 1, 6th Oliver cut PaSt Point at 4. and 5 in Catley Played to leg for another. At 3.45 mc Uovcmor arrived. This is no place for politics, river" almost" universal silence which accompanied by liC8e,nt?,e himself before the 3000 spectators may Sofia . -aB some test of the popularity. On and leT LfT.T*!he Games for the time being have Mascot during the greater part of each day of echo I watches. and have been applauded to the last ;,Vi,f'lir,,ChvriG,8 VarlinS came in time to see the Utterer J "B h0VlleA '' to hear a feeble and abortive theriíí'îîî.0?0 two,ficor,e individuals in all parts of a itÄ«get.1,p loyal demonstration, and to hear '»TW.£n,Y.01ce shoots more comes of the field, what s Collingwood," in allusion to some applause, and in another corner "turn him out," from some ne'er dwelt." Oatley drew the first of Tommy Willa', 336 for a single and Conway resumed the bowling at his old end. The second of his 36th over Oatley played to short leg. The last ball Oliver hit up to mid-off'; Fowler rushed at it and made a very fine 'catch, thus disposing of the last wicket, and pocketing the ball, at 3.44, Oliver was fifty-four minutes at the wickets, during the whole of which time he batted extremely well, the bowling against him being as good as any during the match. He has apparently been taking lessons from Hewitt, in the style of whose batting he much resembles him. His score-the highest made in this innings amounted to 29-in which were 3 fours, 1 three, 4 twos, and 6 singles. Telegraph, 10,29, 143; leaving the Victorians victor in one innings, with 20 runs to spare. The anticipations of New South Wales have not been realised. The dismal vaticinations of a portion of the Victorian community have been falsified. What- ever may have been the hopes of the fears of one side or the other however, assuredly not one among them ever imagined so unqualified a success as has been achieved; not one among them ever ventured to indulge a dream that Victoria would triumph in one innings. ' Now that the end has come and people have leisure to look back calmly, and analyse the circumstances which led tofhehigh opinion that New South Wales had of its own players, and to the low comparative estimate held by them and some of ourselves respecting ours, it is not easy to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the cause. It is I believe chiefly attributable to the acknowledged repute of CnfljH, Cosstick, Hewitt, Lawrence, and Thompson at these Goliaths it was supposed we had no Davids to sling a few stones, your players have always been justly acknowledged excellent in the field. If in former years they have been a little behind in bowling, the new" levies might be looked upon as Al. Caffyn's batting was deemed a host in itself; and it was hard in New South Wales had not profited as much by the advice and tuition of the All-England Eleven men, and by their practice off Sam Cosstick, as we had unmistakably done. So much (or the pros, now for the cons. Tommy Wills and Jack Conway had resolved to win the match if bowling could win it. Day after day they were at the wicket bowling at and batting to one another. The former exerted himself to the utmost in making his team practice as they were to play; and to get such bowling as his and Conway's, with an occasional variation, just by way of relieving the monotony of the thing, in the shape of a few shows from Dan Wilkie, with such batting as that of Kelly, Fowler, Gibson, Phillips, Rees, O'Mullane, and the bowlers, was to get practice of the right sort. And here I believe I recognise the first seeds of your failure. Strips 15 yards wide measured off" and meted out to half a dozen clubs, with a professional bowling at each strip to young gentlemen hour after hour, may be all very well as a means to an end ; but that men in not a victory over such men as we brought into the field. I heard more than one old cricketer, I may say c» passant, who knows the play of all our chief _ clubs, offer odds that he would name another eleven," without including any of the present team, who would play your men. With the bowling of Caffyn we were familiar, and no one feared him. Simi was regarded as more dangerous than any other man ; " but many of our men had been used to him, and all had played to Conway and Wills and who was Sam that they should tremble before him Nut was straight, but what did they care about mere straight ball ? He didn't get his arm up enough to be dangerous. When it came to the trial it was discovered that none of the bowlers upon whom New South Wales had relied were very formidable. No manifest improvement was observable. The reason, I opine, is obvious-they have had no formidable bats to bowl against. Before lue 66 eliminated, steel requires to be struck with that Again, the batting was far below anticipation. How could it be otherwise ? Continued bowling will never make a player handle the willow successfully j nor can the best bat keep up his play without every day practice off the best bowling. The same may be said of fielding. Neither bowling or batting will fit a man for distinguishing himself in the field. Practice is as necessary here as anywhere, and I need only point to Caifyn'B miserable exhibition of himself, and to the shocking mistakes made by Curtis, Oatley, and Oliver in support of what Lad wanted. Your bowlers must take their turn at the wicket, and at their posts in the field systematically and regularly, if they would maintain their reputation by players. You will observe, from the analysis, that in the first innings none of the ?' cracks " did anything. Caffyn) Cosstick, and Thompson made a couple each, and Charley Lawrence, 3 E Hewitt alone getting into double, to gales with a dozen, and an outsider distancing all the teams. Gregory, though he has none of the finish of Caffyn or Hewitt, is a fine, bold, vigorous player, with a good defence, and can hit hard all round j his fielding it would be difficult to praise too highly; it was a picture, the activity with which he covered the ground, the quickness and neatness with which he picked up the balls, and the precision with which he returned them into the wicket-keeper's hands. The number of runs paved by him was very considerable, and I really doubt whether there were any display of better (reading than his by any or the All-England eleven. Jones also fielded very well, and have a number of runs. Lawrence was a fair point, and Hewitt tolerably good at the wicket ; but the rest were nowhere. In the second innings CiuTyn. Hewitt, and Thompson, the two former of whom were sanguine in the hopes of yet turning the table, only made hall'-R-tçorv between them ; two only of the notorieties milking filly stand-the captain and Sam Cosstick ; the first scoring 25, the last 21-Kellick, Gregory, and Oliver being the only remaining bats who gave the borers any particular trouble. Of Gregory I have already spoken. , Kellick in a cautious, steady, good bat, and a decided acquisition to your eleven. Oliver is an extremely promising young player and with sufficient practice off the best bowling, will be a very formidable bat, but he should not neglect the other requisites of good cricketer; above all, he should be indefatigable in his fielding if he would take his stand in the first ranks. With the ball, your men again greatly disappointed those who looked for the reported improvement in Cosstick and Thompson, as they failed in detecting any difference in either and after Dan Wilkie, Lawrence's slows were-well, slow, certainly. It cannot fail to be noticed that, of the ten wickets, eight fell to Sam Cosstick, who, in my opinion, was the only one that bowled really well. Neither can I compliment Charley Lawrence on the judgment he displayed as captain. In no one instance was his change of bowlers followed by any good result. Andrew contrast these with the performances of the Victorians, and it must be admitted, I think, that your men were beaten at all points. To commence with the batting :- and, first, your old opponent Wills, gifted with an iron endurance, and despising the effeminate casings of legs and hands, though an in elegant player, and one who seems to find his but too heavy to lift when he sees a straight ball coming, he, by a knack peculiar to himself, turns them safely to the light bund or to the left, and finds himself suddenly endued with strength enough to uproot the willow when a loose one is delivered. He topped the score with 58, without giving a chance. See then the finished style of Fowler's batting. It was thought that, as he was a hard hitter, he might perhaps get into double figures ; " he'll live over a couple or three overs, and make two 4's and a three, and then he'll have to cut." By brilliant play, without giving the ghost of a chance until he hit back to Sam the ball which cost him his wicket, he caused thirty-seven to be put on the scoring paper. Then Rees-about the propriety of whose selection such unpleasant, not to say angry', remarks had been made totted up the same number. At first, it must be admitted, the impugning of the judgment of the match committee in his regard seemed just, as he appeared to be altogether out of form, and gave a chance not an easy one, to be sure, but still a chance to Thoinp from his first hit; but he soon gathered himself together, and then made a very fine display of batting. Conway, it must be conceded, played with as much luck as usually falls to the lot of a dozen "men; I was, of course, no fault of his-but what shall I say, his misfortune perhaps-that Hewitt did not stamp him, when he was a yard out of his ground, Bn i. Lat Curtis missed two easy catches. He played carefully and well notwithstanding, and it need hardly be told gave all the loose balls "beans." His score was 33. A like number was altogether O'Mullane and here again the judgment of the match committee was verified by the result, for he played a splendid innings without giving a chance. Caffyn will long remember the Victorian wicketkeeper who took his wicket in both innings, and made 14 runs off one of his eyes. Cleeves and Gibson, too, played carefully and well for their respective scores of 25 and 17. The Jenner gave one, perhaps two chances one a difficult one certainly to Lawrence, but which he ought to have had; the other, top easy a one, to Oliver. The latter did not give a chance. In bowling, our superiority was equally convincing. Conway, though not well " on " in the first innings, was all there." in the second. The ball which tookXawrence's wicket in the first innings, and the missed Thompson and Curtis and Hewitt the second, were as fine as could be bowled. Wills, about the fairness of whose bowling a very great amount of discussion has taken place, bowled nwgm recently in both innings ; 36 maidens out of 71 overs, and only 58 runs made, attest this. I may here say, once for all, in reply to all remarks about his "saying," that whatever spectators may think they seeVl4!>« can't see it. The All-England Eleven, moreover, allowed it; and if it be argued that they only allowed it because they found no difficulty about playing it, I reply, the N.S.W. umpire, Mr. Driver (no bad judge of a shy), the single- wicket match which followed, was put on the bowler's end for the express purpose of no balling" Tommy j but Tommy was not no called." After that, let no more talk. of Tommy Willis's "shying." Wilkie s slows in the first innings got rid, in two successive balls, of your best man who seemed to have taken a lease of the wickets, and of another, who seemed fast becoming dangerous. Of our fielding all round, with one or two inexplicable exceptions, in the first innings, it would be impossible not to speak in terms of unqualified approbation. Such wicket-keeping as O'Mullane's has not been seen in the colony, that only excepted which was exhibited by the renowned lockyer. Phillips's long-stopping equalled that of your old acquaintance Butterworth in neatness, and if possible, he surpassed him in activity, The number of nuns saved by him from snicks, draws, and what but for his stopping them would have been leg-byes, was very large; nor must the scorers book be taken as a criterion of his ability, as for most of the five lives of the 1st innings the ball had glanced off the wicket-keeper's hands, and so did not come in his way. Kelly's point was the admiration of all he seemed absolutely ubiquitous, to know by intuition where the ball was coming, and to place himself exactly on the spot where he could intercept it. Hct3atkgand cover, and Fowler at mid- off, were excellent; and the others barring the mistakes I have referred to in the first innings all did their duty. . .... The judgment of our captain was just like it always is when not in any way shaken-as good as it could be. The usual outcry that "he never knew when to take himself off, was in this match dispensed with for once and for the best of reasons his bowling was so good that nothing could be done with it. The only thing that remains for me to advert to is the weather. In that particular the Victorians unquestionably had the pull of you. The first day, when they took the field, was cool and pleasant ; the next, when it was the turn of New South Wales to held, was one of the hottest ever experienced in the colony, and made bowling and fielding fatiguing beyond expression and the plucky way in which your fine fellows bore up against it, and the leather- hunting they had to encounter, was first-rate. As if the sympathies of the clerk of the weather had been all engaged on our side, the day following was again cool and agreeable. In conclusion, I would once more draw the attention of your cricketers earnestly to the few remarks I have -ventured in all good feeling to make, as to the imperative necessity of all your team practising, together at all points, long, thoroughly and systematically prior to engaging in another match with the players of this colony; and then with Caffyn in his old form, and all your other men well up to the market will take all that our best men know to retain their laurels, I must add, that nothing occurred to mar the harmony and pleaSant feeling with which the two colonies met," with the exception, perhaps, of such as had taken the odds against its being a one-innings match. I am satisfied that regret was universally felt when Caffyn lost his wicket in the 2nd innings, and a like feeling was expressed at Sam Cosstick's bit of ill-luck in getting run out. The most happy unanimity prevailed ; a good life, or a bit of good feeling, no matter on which side, elicited the same applause ; while a catch missed or a ball muffed caused the same dis- approbation to be expressed. This was as it should be-not the colony, but the cricketer, received his meed of praise or blame and long may it so continue. And lastly, I must add that, whatever some of the spectators may have thought and said, the decisions of the umpires were regarded by all who had the best opportunities of judging, entirely fair, honest, and impartial. NEW SOUTH WALES. FIRST THRING. Caffyn, Egremont ... ,. .... ... Killick, 221111111, c Kelly, b. Wills . II Tlionipton, 11, c. Conn ay, b. Wills .... 3 C<f stick, 11, b. Wills 3 Umritt, 11 J3M1.C Conway, b. Turner a Grcgci},411MllH2224122ill34, e Bees, b. Wilkie. 43 Lnviitnce, 31, b. Conway... .... .... loins, 31123111, c. Wills, b. Conway . *" Collin, 34312, e. and b. Wilkie 13 Oullci, 11, b. Wills . S OilMT, 34, not out .... .... .... b. as, to. names on EKCVHS THIEVES. Coffin, 14, c. O'Mullane, b. Conway - .... ... $ Kellick, 111111311121323, J. O'Mullane, p. Willa 93 Thompson, 2, b. Conway .... . .... ... ? Couirk, 252431121111, run out 31 Hewitt, 12, b. Conway .... .... ... ? Gregory, 21I4112I2J2,c. Kelly, b. Conway. 16 Lannnee, 31213134121111, run out < ." ... 33' June, 21, l.b.w., b. Wills 2", 2.. 3 Curtis, b. Conway .... ... '.... .... OotliT, 111, potent ... , ... ' 3 (That, 53114121412241, b. Conway . <? . ." . SO B. 1, Up. it, will no. 1 .'.. ' ... .'..- -... 13 Total .' .... v... . J., 12. Total first innings 132 in and total ..,' "7. '7, 77. ... 335 BOWED AMAW619, severe reverses. Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets. Wides. No balls. Conway 136 47 17 2 0,0 Wills 1493 17 4 ' . . Turner ... 20 7 3 4 6 6 Greeves ... I 8 t St Willie '... 34 12 3 6 6 3 and under. , Conn ay ... 141 66 12 ( ') . Willa ... 136 35 IS 3 0 . Turner 32 17 3 t0 1 Gtcctcs ... It 7.3 . 0 Wilkie 21-13 0 0 . . ' VICTORIANS. Gibson, 14112321111, b. Coeeuek.17 Turner,4211121, «.Gregory,b. Cosstick .... 12 Conway, 11121112111411211244, c. Gregory, b. Cosstick ... 93 Kelly, 22, c. and b. Cosstick .... .... 4 Fowler, 111111221112212111341411, c. and b. Cosstick 37 Groceries, 2111211131212UU11, c. Thompson, b. Cosstick .. ii Phillips, 2, c. Lawrence, b. Cosstick .... . 2 Bees, 11111114112122121111211411, c, Caffyn, b. Cosstick ... 97 Wilkie, 3 b. Lawrence . . 3 Wills, 1131111221114313221111111414422111, lbw., R. Lawrence .... .... ... 58 O'Mullane, 14431112111121141111, potential 87, 129, w. 1.34 31 HUWJJUO AM.11.YBIS, Sails. Runs. Maidens. Wickets. Wides. CoKtkki " 300 Its 8 8.0 Thompson ... 120 43 a ' » 0 1 Laurence ... J Dr 2 2 0 Hewitt ! ... 12 7 0 0 0 Caffyn ... 00 4 4 0 0 Gregory 8 110 0 Disease on Silkworms The Minister of Agricul- ture having requested M. Pasteur to turn his attention to the disease of silkworms, which does not appear to have abated in any perceptible degree, the learned physiologist lately presented a paper to the Academy on the subject. After premising that the question was entirely new to him, he stated that, on the 7th June last, he arrived at Paris, where he selected a Kokh, or silkworm nursery, for his observations. He had been particularly struck with a fact mentioned in M. de Quotrefoge's work on the subject, viz., that in the body of the diseased silkworm the microscope reveals certain particles considered by most authors as a symptom of the disorder. Those corpuscles exist in profusion in certain worms that cannot spin their cocoon, and especially in the adipose matter situated under the skin, and in the silk-producing organs. The chrysalis and butterflies offered the same appearances. The worms afflicted with those black spots from which the disease has derived the name of pebrine also contained an immense number of the corpuscles. M. Pasteur was particularly struck with one circumstance, which seems to have escaped the attention of former observers. In one of the rooms of the Kokh, Japanese silk worms, received from the Société d'Ac- climatation, had been reared with such remarkable success that the eggs obtained from 35 kilogrammes of the cocoons- spun had been collected for propaga- tion. In a second room, on the contrary, there were indeed Japanese silkworms also, but bought by a private dealer; they were all diseased. And yet, in examining the chrysalis and butterflies of unsuccessful brood, M. Pasteur found every one of them affected with the corpuscles, while the worms of the bad lot had seen eely any. Hence your author arrives at the conclusion that the disease properly affects the chrysalis and butterfly and not the worm and that consequently the efforts of entomologists and physio- logists should be particularly directed towards finding remedies against the disease, not in the stars, but in the pupa state and it is in this sense he proposes to continue his meareh«».-Lond»n Evening Sun. 