Humors of the Day. TO CORRESPONDENTS. ACCEPTED.-"A Great addition to our Subscription List."—"A Twenty-pound Note."—"Plum Pudding for Three."—"A Case of Sham-pain; by a Re-tale er."—"Will you take some Wedding cake?" New Mjuicj "M-to-tr1! Highland Fling.'—•• Hetbatfa VnOMrCauMmtton-" The Resignation of MinUten." " Who'd a Thought It r Declined.—"The Premierthip."—"Off the the Track; by »— 0 T. B ."—" Good Adrioe; by the urn* Author."—" A Belief that X P v the i oraln* Man." — The proper pronunciation of Clilana na OaeU ghuailibh cheile."—" Cod Lirer Oil aad Turpentine."—" A Night in the rain."—"Kicks, 81af», and Thump*." ' Poft/lasity.—lt it very easy to be popular —hare no opinions of your own. What is a DogmaP—A dogma if defined at an opinion bud down with a auarl. A Good Motto fob ax Auotiovsbk.—Oome when you are bid, and bid when you oome. Whw it a forge like a hermitage P—When the blacksmith turns an anchor might (ancho rite). Why is it easy to break into an old man's house P—Because hit gait it broken and hit look* are few. Why are books the beet friends P—Because when they bore you, you can alwayt shut them up without offence. A Tibb.—Hicbter says, "'Tis the horse and not the vehicle that wearies." But we are son we have seeu a waggon tire (tyre). Lots axd Bine.—Man, while he loves, it is said, it never quite depraved. This depends upon whether it it a lore for rum or women— for good spirits or bad. Apart.—Fanny Fern says that the men like to pick the ladies to pieces. Prentice replies that it is certainly pleasant Jo take one of them apart sometimes. Bbtbxob.—We remember of a rengeful indi vidual, who, in the exuberance of his rags at some one who offended him, said, " I'll have re venge ! I'll do something terrible! By Jove, I'll give his little boy a tin horn." Agkbxd !—" Isn't it pleasant to be sur rounded by such a crowd of ladies!" said ft pretty woman to a popular lecturer.—" Yes," said he; " but it would be pleasanter to be surrounded by one." Orb-Sided Affaul—An innkeepsr observed a postilion with only one spur, and inquired tht) reason. "Why, what would be the use of another? said the postilion, "if one side of the hone goes, the other can't stand stilL" Ikfibic.—" That decrepit man going aloof there reminds me, doctor, of that tooth of mine which you had so much trouble to extract."— " How so P"—Because he's infirm." Civilisation.—lt is said that at Santiago, recently, the authorities, who had been long asking the patron taint for rain to no purpose, brought him out into the public square, lined with troops, and gave the taint a round doten * to punish hit obstinacy or quicken hit recollec tion. Hats or Papib pob Mix of Stbaw.—The latest novelty that comes to us from across the Atlantic is a paper-hat company, for producing hats from paper, which may be sold at from fourpenoe to one shilling each. The process is • patent oae, and will just suit men of straw. Ova axd Twknty.—An honest clergyman in the country was reproving a married oouple for their frequent dissensions, seeing they were both on*.—"Both oneT cried the husband | " were you to come by our door sometimes when we quarrel, you would swear toe were twenty." A Good-Hbabted Fzllow.—ln a valedic tory address an American editor wrote: "If we hare offended any man in the short but brilliant course of our public career, let him send us a new hat, and we will then forget the past." Good Boy.—The not very promising son of an anxious parent has been employed at board, in a country shop, for about six month's. Parent writes to head of concern, asking how boy gets along; and if he sleeps on the pro misee. Head of concern writes briefly ; " boy good as ever. 81eeps in the shop daytimes | don't know where he sleeps at night." SSAOfnAU POPUTiiSIZKD. " Aix's well that endt well," at the gentle man said when he wrote the postscript to bit letter. " Measure for measure," as the chemist said when he took a bad sixpence for a black draught. " As you like it," as the servant said when he drank his master's grog. " A winter's tale," at the churchwarden said when the pauper asked for some coals. Shabp.—A clerk in a mercantile establish ment relates a colloquy from which a sprightly youth in the same office came out seoond Met* A poor boy came along with his machine, in quiring—" Any knives or scissors to grind P"— "Docrt think we have," replied the young gentleman, facetiously ; " but can't you sharpen wits ?"—" Yes if you've got any," was the prompt response, leaving the interrogator rather at a loss to produce the article. Pksfbot Oubb.—The following story is told of a father of the church, who has lately turned newspaper proprietor (we don't vouch for its accuracy). In an association where he presents himself occasionally, a debate arose as to the use •f the rod in bringing up children. The ex parson took a negative view of the question. He maintained that parents often do harm to their children by unjust punishment, from not knowing the facts of the case.-* "Why," said he, " the only time my father whipped me was for telling the truth,"— "Well," retorted a listener, "it cured you of it, didn't it?" SuBSTAircB axd Shadow.—A fellow went to the] parish priest, and told him, with a lone face, that he had seen a ghost.—" When ana where?" said the pastor.—"Last night," re plied the man, " I was passing by the church, and up against the wall of it did I behold the spectre!"—ln what shape did it appear P M asked the priest.—" It appeared in the shape of a great ass."—Gk> home and hold your tongut) about it," rejoined the pastor; " you are a very timid man, and have been frightened by your own shadow." Vo Hoxby.—ln Kentucky, General Nelson strictly prohibited depredations upon the pro perty of citizens by his troops, and a oommittee was appointed to inquire if any offences had been committed. In making his return, one Joe Forman, a member of the committee, re ported that there had been no loss sustained except " two bee-hives and a chicken without an honey in it." Sam Owens, the schoolmaster, who was on the committee, corrected the report, so as to make it read, "With the exception of a chicken and two bee-hives, the former con taining no honey."— American paper. How thb Dbyil Lost.—The following is too good to be lost. We clip it from a contem porary paper, and respectfully call the attention to it of certain persons who feel disposed to spread in the newspaper line :—" A young man, who actually desired wealth, was visited by his Satanic Msjetty, who tempted him to propose his soul for eternity if he could be supplied on earth with all the money he could use. The bargain was concluded; the devil was to sup ply the money, and was at last to have the soul, unless tfco young man could spend more money than the devil could furnish. Years passed away, the man married, was extravagant in his living, built palaces, .speculated widely, lost and gave away fortunes, and yet his coffers were always full. He turned politician, and bribed hi* way to power and fame, without re ducing his pile of gold. He became a filibuster, and fitted out ships and armies, but his banker honored all his draughts. He came to London to live, and paid the usual rate of interest for all the money he could borrow ; but though the devil made faces when he came to pay the bills, yet they were all paid. One expedient after another failed, the devil counted the time, only two years, that he must wait for the soul; and he mocked tbe efforts of the despairing man. One more trial was resolved upon, tbe man started a newspaper! The devil growled at the bill at the end of the first quarter, was savage in six months, melancholy m nine, and broke, dead broke, at the end of the year. So the newspaper went down, but the soul was saved. 