Local Intelligence INFORMATION FOR THE FARMERS.--We have already informed our farming readers that much of the land that will be offered for sale in July next will be of a very worthless des- cription. However, there will be some good patches amongst it, and we have been re- quested to draw the attention of intending buyers to some really first-class land at pre- sent being surveyed in the Hundred of Kon- gorong, distant between six or seven miles from MacDonnell Bay. This is said to be by far the best land that Mr Strangways' party has yet surveyed. SURVEYING.--The three surveying parties at present at work between Mount Gambier and the coast have received instructions to push on their work with the utmost vigor, and they have now set to work with a will to get the necessary compliment of land ready for the first local land sale about two months hence. UNCLAIMED LETTERS.--The following let- ters, addressed to this district, lie unclaimed in the General-Post Officc, Adelaide :--Beaty, James, care of Alexander McFarling, Penola Station ; Bicton, James, Mount Gambler; Boardman, John, Mount Gambier ; Brearly, Jeremiah, Mount Gambier ; Buckley, John, Mount Gambier ; Carswell, John, Wm. Hutchinson, Lacepede Bay ; Chisholm, Rod- erick, Mount Gambier; Coldwell, Henry, care of Mr Leake, Mount Gambier ; Connor, Mrs. Mary Ann, Gambierton; Connor, Patrick, Mount Gambier ; Crawford, John, Mount Gambier; Dorney, John P., Penola ; Gandy, H., care Mr Leake, Mount Gambier ; Harris, J. T. Mount Gambier; Hirst, Alfred, Mount Gambier; Leahy, George, Allandale; Led- gard, F. D., Allandale East. Lillye, W. H. Esq., Mount Gambier ; Malone, Mr., Moy- hall, Narracoorte ; Manners, Mr., Mount Gambier; Oakley, Thomas, Mount Gambier; O'Toole, P., Mount ; Palmer, Mrs, Port MacDonnell; Quin, Patrick, Penola ; Robins, Thos., Mount Gambier ; Skerritt, Edward, Guichen Bay; Staff, Edward, Mount Gam- bier; Tidmarsh, Elizabeth, care Mrs Wray, Mount Gambier ; Tomblie, Wm., Mount Gambier ; Tyrrell, Reuben, Mount Gambier. THE MOUNT GAMBIER ROAD BOARD. Our Road Board has now made a fair start. At the adjourned meeting on Wednesday a large amount of work was got through, as will be seen by a reference to the minutes. Already arrangements have been made for spending nearly £20,000 in road work. Tenders are1 called for making five miles of the Penola road, and in a month more tenders will be callcd for making two more miles, which will give Mount Gambier a good road as far as the Limestone Ridge. It was arranged that Messrs. McClure and Hinckley should execute some necessary road-making at the Penola end of the line, at the schedule of prices at which they had been working all the summer. FISH O!--We are glad to learn that Mount Gambier is now likely to have a regular and plentiful supply of fresh fish, a party of fishermen having established themselves near the mouth of the river Glenelg. Almost every alternate day the cry ? of " Fish O !" enlivens our streets, and the fish cart is patronized by nearly every household as it passes along. The fis are the varieties known as Mullawa and bream. The first is a fish only found in the River Murray and the Glenelg. It is of large size--often caught varying from 15 to 20 lbs.--and of excellent quality. The bream are sold about 4s. a dozen. We wish the new " industry" success. ROADS IN GAMBIER.--Our local readers are aware that a large block of land was sur- veyed and sold in the Hundred of Gambier without any roads running through it. This, now that the Hundred is being thickly popu- lated, and the ground in question all fenced in, is found to be a great inconvenience. Efforts have been made over and over again by the East Gambier Council to induce the Government to open up a road through the land referred to, but as yet the survey department has managed to shelve the ques- tion. On a deputation from the Council seeing the Com. of Crown Lands a few days back, we understand he declined to take any steps to remedy the blundering of his surveyors, but promised to assist the Council by fore- going the office fees in the event of their taking the necessary steps themselves. We think the Council have good reason to grumble at this, for the expense of remedy- ing official blundering should not be thrown upon their shoulders. MAIL COMMUNICATION.--The. subject of accelerated mail communication engaged the attention of the Chamber of Commerce at its meeting on Wednesday last, and it would appear that the mercantile community of Adelaide are now alive to the necessity of bringing the outside nearer to the capital by means of a speedy system of travelling. A letter was read from the Postmaster-General, in which he expressed a hope that the mail contracts of the colony would be on a more satisfactory footing after the close of the present year. Speaking of the Southeast mails he says:--" The South-Eastern mails were improved in some degree when the last tenders were accepted, and I have endea- voured, but in vain, to induce the contractor to make a slight additional improvement. I am in hopes, however, of making this service more satisfactory under a new contract." He gives the revenue and expenditure on the lines that most urgently require to be expedited, as follows :-- Route. Expenditure. Revenue. Goolwa and Victor Harbor £416 0 0 £334 Oil South Eastern line .. .. 2,269 0 0 1,233 18 2 Blanchetown & Wentworth 249 13 11 175 3 3 Fresh tenders for the mails of the colony will be called for in July or August next. We trust the new contracts will provide for Mount Gambier being brought within at least three days of Adelaide. STILL THEY COME.--Among the passen- gers by the last Penola were Mr Sutherland, M.P., a warm friend of the South-East in the House, and Mr Harcus, one of the editors of the Register, and now its special correspondent in this district. The good folks of Mount Gambier cannot but be pleased at the dis- trict's receiving, as it has done lately, so much attention from the powers that be. LECTURES.--It will be seen that two lec- tures have been arranged for--one to be grven this week and the other next week. That for this week will be by the Rev. Mr Harcus to-morrow evening--subject, "Mr Punch." We have already intimated to our readers that this lecture is regarded as a master-piece, and very popular in the Ade- laide district. We trust, therefore, there will be a large attendance to hear it. The admittance fees go to aid the Building Fund of the Church of England Sunday School. The Rev. Canon Russell lectures on Wednes- day next on " Ghost Stories." THE WANNON WOOLLEN MILL COMPANY. \--So it appears that our neighbours on the Wannon are not to have their woollen mill after all. A late number of the Geelong Register informs us "that the scene of opera- tions of the Wannon Wool Company is to be removed from its originally proposed site at the Wannon. At a meeting of the pro- visional directors held in Melbourne, on Wednesday, it was decided, after the reading of the report of the engineers, who were in- structed to inspect the projected site at the Wannon, that the mill should not be erected in that district, but somewhere in the neigh- bourhood of Melbourne. The secretary was instructed to report upon sites in the neigh- bourhood of Williamstown, Footscray, and Sandridge, and to select several for the decision of the directors, it being considered by the Board that it would be better to carry on the operations of the company by means of steam power." ACCIDENT.--The groom at the stables of the South Australian Hotel met with a severe accident on Thursday last. On that day he had his leg broken by the kick of a horse. He is now progressing favorably. THE WEATHER.--We had the heaviest and most continuous rain on Saturday night and Sunday morning last that we have had this season. The rain has now penetrated deep enough to permit of ploughing on any soil here. A BOON TO KEEPERS OF A DAIRY.--We observe by the Hamilton Free Press that Mr Singleton (a son of Dr Singleton late of this place) has invented a milking apparatus which promises to be of much value to dairy farmers. The invention is thus described:-- " The apparatus in question consists of a set of four silver tu es, each containing a piston like the upper box of a ship's pump. A tube being inserted in each of the teats of a cow which it is desired to milk, and the pistons withdrawn, the milk flows in a continuous stream from the udder. We are informed by parties in Hamilton who have used it that the apparatus answers admirably the purpose for which it was invented,--a cow being more thoroughly milked by it than by hand, and with comparatively little trouble. We may mention that Mr. Singleton's invention is on quite a different principal to that introduced by Messrs. White and Brockbank, of Geelong, which we noticed a week or two ago." HAMILTON.--By the Lincolnshire, which arrived in Hobsons Bay on Monday last Mr. Robinson, of the Hamilton Spectator, has re- turned to this colony. We are informed that Mr. Robinson had determined on starting by the London, which foundered in the Bay of Biscay, but that in consequence of a printing press which he was having made to bring out with him not being quite finished, he was necessitated to defer his passage until the Lincolnshire sailed.-- Western Times POLICE COURT.--At the Police Court yes- terday A. White was fined 5s. for riding at a furious rate through the public streets. THE RACES.--By our advertising columns it will be seen that the races have been definitely fixed for Thursday the 24th. The programme, which is varied and extensive, bids fair to afford a good day's sport. The amount of the stakes is not yet published, as it is intended that the stakes shall be as large as the funds will permit; they will, however, be made known as soon as possible before the races. HAWKING.--A NEW DODGE.--We com- mend the following, which we cut from the Hamilton Spectator, to the notice of our readers. They may find the information which it contains of some use to them at the present time. The "?entry''referred to are now, we believe, in this district :--The fol- lowing, from a country correspendent of a Geelong paper, is relative to some gentry who we are informed are now " practising" in this district. Of course we can say nothing as to the truth of the allegation, but the information may serve to put the thoughtless on their guard :-- The case of a smart hawker who a short time ago visited this neighbourhood, was brought under my notice, and as a warning is deserving of a place in this letter. This travelling merchant with his moveable warehouse, had no doubt found it necessary to the prosperity of his business, to adopt a novel method for the disposing of his wares. Though not alluring to the experienced and wary, this new system of clearing out was very tempting to some who, like the country bumpkin with the razors, found that the goods might be offered for sale but were totally unfit for use. This gentleman, as is generally the case with those of his stamp, had a good stock--if not in the premises before described they were in the central depot in Geelong or Melbourne--and any given order was certain of immediate attention. Samples of all sorts filled one part of his vehicle, and bundles of damaged remnants occupied another. The plan for disposing of the valuable stock was well concocted. On entering a store he was the representative of a large firm in some place. The samples of goods not on hand he was very careful in showing first. These generally were considered worth having, the prices being generally wonderfully low--for example, Brussels' carpet, 6d per yard! other articles in proportion. Was this not sufficient to raise suspicion? No. Cheap Jack brings out several parcels that may be had at very reasonable prices, to enable the retail storekeepers to supply his customers until the arrival of the great bargains, the Brussels' carpet, &c.; The storekeeper can- not refuse, considering the bargains to arrive. There won't be much loss in taking one or two of the £3 10s lots, and the promised goods will make up any little difference. So thinks the storekeeper, and the hawker gains his point. With so much bare-facedness did this unscrupulous hawker go about his business, that he succeeded in trapping men who would get credit anywhere for sharper wits and better judgement. With the ladies he was quite a favourite, and the expectation of seeing a roll of calico coming in the door for next to nothing, was sufficient inducement for them to relieve the merchant of another £3 10s lot. He leaves the town and visits the farmers--no longer a commer- cial traveller, he is now a general dealer-- has four bushel bags for 6d each. The farmer is profound astonishment, and to make certain he heard aright enquires again. More than satisfied with the price, the too confident yeoman gives an order for a couple of hundreds. The £3 10s lot follows this statement, and the farmer lost amongst the bags, thinks this a great bargain too, and so makes a purchase. Off goes the peddlar with unblushing effrontery to victimize some other innocent. He reached Ondid, and after a very successful career there he was asked by a purchaser when the bags would be up, whereupon an order was given on a Geelong firm and off the farmer went for them. He soon found he had been duped, the name of the imposter not being known there. I need not say that the great bar- gains have not arrived, and never will--so that those who have made cash purchases would better make the most of them, and guard their neighbours against similar fraud. It is to be hoped that this swindler's career will be brought to a speedy termination." A LUCKY SPECULATOR.--The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator sup- plies the following:--"I am about to say a few words on a little incident of Melbourne life which has culminated this week in a splendid plump of success to a man who has had more than his share of it. In the year 1842 the records of our Insolvent Court prove that a certain John M'Nall bocame insolvent. He did not owe much, and yet he had not sufficient to pay what he owed. Amongst other assets in the estate was an allotment of land in Collins street East, and to that piece of land attaches my history. The story from beginning to end is a long one, for the estate lay in the hands of the official assignee quite forgotten until a certain gentleman named Chisholm unearthed the whole particulars and made an effort to buy the estate. This aroused a lawyer named Clark to try what he could do, and in the long run the legal man was conqueror, netting a goodly number of thou- sands of pounds himself, but leaving the creditors of the estate without so much as a farthing dividend, And, indeed, this was just, for had the said creditors been honest men and helped Chisholm in the way he proposed, they would have every man of them been paid in full, with compound interest added. However, by aid of the lawyer another man came on the scene in the person of Mr. Hugh Glass.. It is with him I have to deal. Hugh became possessor of the land in Collins-street for the sum of £4,000 and the liability to pay a mortgage of £5,000. In course of a very short space of time the rents accruing from the buildings erected upon the land redeemed the whole mortgage, and left it a clear bargain for Hugh Glass at the sum of £4,000, and interest thereon for a few years. One day last week the land was offered for sale by public auction, and half of it realized the sum of £21,000. The other half was sold privately on the next day for a further sum of £20,000. Thus our lucky friend Hugh realised £41,000 for what cost £4,000, leaving about £37,000 profit. How much better it is to be born lucky than rich. MOUNT GAMBIER EAST COUNCIL AND MR RIDDOCH.--The following is a copy of the letter addressed by the East District Council to Mr Riddoch, M.P.:--District Council Chamber, Mount Gambier East, May 1, 1866. J. Riddoch. Esq., M.P., Sir.--I am instructed by the District Council of Mount Gambier East to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 24th ult. The Council are unwilling to allow the present recess from your Parlia- mentary duties to pass without thanking you for the kind courtesy you have invariably evinced, and at the same time acknowledging your earnest endeavours to promote the in- terests and advance the welfare of the district at large. The Council trust that the good feeling you have always shown them, and which I am to assure you they fully recipro- cate, may long continue. I have the honor to remain, your very obedient servant, JOHN INGLEBY, Clerk. TRAVELLING IN THE SOUTH-EAST.--As a specimen of the difficulty and inconvenience of travelling in the South-East, we may adduce the following instance. The Hon. Thomas Reynolds was anxious to proceed home to Adelaide last week, but on making enquiries relative to the direct line he found that he would have to wait two days for the coach, and after starting be four and a-half days upon the road. At the same time he learned that the Penola was in MacDonnell Bay en route to Melbourne--that he might go on to Melbourne in her and obtain a steamer direct from there to Adelaide, and so get home in three and a-half days. That a traveller can go to Adelaide via Melbourne quicker than in a direct line, shows strikingly the absurdity of the present mail and passen- ger coach arrangements. 