WesearadIlLl~t~it.N e are afraid 1thaI.t Fidelis." the ritlr of 111the folloingi remlrii?, Addeeed ito Ithe dilor of the .T reotifI .?'ynj. is y I1 b 1e 1ns ii glar ia his idti and feelings. lie sQn :-- "Ii I lute Illhlltlb erIf O t In pal?er you hod o ivn of. at Iho"se -tail in maser,t.l "h d refuneil to iub?tcihe un?oultitionaltn Ii the 'up port ofoa lerga;nis in l hii diteriett. . i am i n , of fie reerelts ill questllo, 1I give 3Oiiu iy res 0,n.- fCo dointg -o, inli-rrilg Ilthat Itlrl thle ' eantlss i i anI othier per'son ini the Ilsrelol. Itlite~ir ( hI.t. U, morle thoun three vears nd, i thafit t.l'iod. -ix 'hlrge 3ef O valr ioa ill efotoirll i tll o lsaisi, 15 . lie ofI | of inIo . n *-of thIee oe no1 n Peell nsy? if'''loif. h:It EltlilsopllilIt. two Romaflnl Catholis, tie ooe llsifl0iti . noNo Sir, of courle I should exteffi bhuoh hoispitalifv to eoch and nlt of fhlos ptesons if dh?, rafe lire afhi'n as frieelheuo. fllfd le. s the. glhi Io soe liothse h lt I lll ure you |lirt if hfle ll lie ?s esnJiplfiui, and ifnsisted of, pre.0hing inf Iini ylt housne, I woulntl unmuelh rather give th i. five pounsti (ch to i-i-st on tiheih a wiihovn l diii g sos na o Ioni of Iii em t roi~d I look op no y e.1iei uloptlor s lio fotli-ete ; not i one of tliem ioul I oui ot pe to a nf I ,'hdltillilu ins model of wlint a peitrl if flute Milof ]Jigh lshoul b' : to noone tlo theisoultl tfsour out. m t aort inft .lirituitl ifumoifotig, or look for romtoriu lri- h lle lt I or itflicliso. lor l mnl fio nsouhi ,iensw Ctre purpsess my support. niid fhe eujport of maf y i o mo would not be far to seek t but although wivling to and I in obtalining a cilergvman, I anld others lesitale to blnd ourselves to aanualot subcriptions, which might entail upon us the continued support ofa maa whulos we might. desl)ie or dislike; and whose miniishstrions might be positirelv hurtful to tihe cause of true reli gion, by brioging it isto eontmipt umonug these who mn s u?'hrle to separale tile divine truth from tilre abeurdliri- and frivolitiec of its co-allcd priests. Are there 11o aIpostles sow-a.dnove, no menuls so eoulidest ill thie Itruthi of tleir case, in their owne eloquence aid in the grace of their Lord helpinrg tlerm, thit ithey will carry the staindard into the benighted regions of the Burnetti, nad plant it securely cren in graceless Garndah. Surely there must be some left of tile old tumll) ready anud wrilling to do this; otlelrrwvise where are our S. S. missioraries recruited fromu? lIow ever this mro bei, it is a fact that manr y llperoons hold imy ideas on the soijet of subsiription. We will subscribe, and entrust the mnoney to a commoittee, to otalia a clergyman, bilut we will inot bind ourselves to as anN00al subscriptior, until we naseerain whthisrler tile ministrations of tie clergrvnosu, so obtained, ire reoly soith tin mooney ubseorcibei,, arid sly o~ne l iho koPw our receIrt. cperlience of elergylrels on tihe Burnett will Ihardly blame uis, I tlhink." The above mnV secem very irreverent, but it is un questionably no more thanl thie olpen exprewion of what is secretly felt by many. Tile old State-nid syslcm halns saddled a large nunlber of drones on tihe selesinstiald hiivr, and we shall not get rid of theml iuntil volrslntaryisnm tins had n few yearsd free course. The inclericlnress of too many of our elerieci has a grost deal to do with the iompiety of too many of our people. At. Kedron Brook, iear Brisbase, a movement is on foot for thie erection of all Epliseopaliun Church. Mlr. Justice Lutwychle hbsn given tile site, and £70 ill money; other subscriptions also haro been received, and it is hIoped thie chlurelh will be opened free of debt. On Mondsisy, Feb. 12, tile ceremony of laving the forndation-stonel of liin Church of England, at Il)nby, was performed by F. W. Roche, Esq., J.P., in presence of a large nrd reslpectable concourse of people, compnrising members of all derominoutiolrs ill town. The day was remarikbly fine; iand in awninrg lad been erected by the contirtor, Mier. Hill, which afforded protection fromr thie lot suen to tile greater porlion of thie persoes present. Thie site of tile btildinrg is nearly opposite thie Sclhool if Arts, und on tlre Church of England sehool reserve. Some time previous to tat piplointed for thle cersemony (twenle noon) a large body of ladies und gentlermen hlad ?semsbled beneauth the awning, and all msnifested great interest. ill the llroccedings. Pre cisely it nioon, the IRev. ]. Gt. Moberly gave ort Psalr ledv., commincinrg "1 will magnrifyj Thee,O God my King," in wlicdh all joiied. A pr1yer and lPsnlh 1xxxiv.-" O, how atiable are Tis' dwelhiigs"-foi lored, lwhen the stoloe vra lowered into its ilace, and duly iadjusted, Mr. Iurche sayirg," In the faith of Jesus Christ we place I.this foundatlo-s-tone, ill ttie ulnmle of thlre Flsather and of the Son and of tire Hfol Ghost." A hlrn was then sung, several peryers reail, and tile proceediungs termiat~e d with thie Lord's Prayer and thIe benediction. In thre Bur,,rett .d,;qs wre read :--Several gentlesies aofthe town and dilstrict of Guvndldh ]aove snade nr efbfort for the purpose of securing the services of a minister of the GospCel, and with sIuch success hIave they worked that we are ihnppy to say thie necessay arraogemenlsrii r e aill bren cormplfeted. Our authority is good for stating that thie Rev. Mir. Dunuing, of Taroonl, wili be the clergyrman whao will comne to reside amnong us. Hle is ofthe Church of England. nd bears a hIigh ismle for every good quality. It is quite certnin thle rev. gentleman will receive a hlearly welcome to Gayndlrh hy a very nmerous eloss of the eosuomunity. On Tesdray, Februsry 13th, a tka-ltertiog was held at Bower for thie plupove of introducing the Rev. C. Searle to his congregrtion. After all hIad refreshed themrselves, the business of thie evening comnuenced by Mlr. Pinlok, on the motion of lMr. Kilner, taking the casir. The choir then sang "'oldiers of Christ, arise," in a creditlable manner, and thre Rev. C. Searle having invoked thie blessing of God upon thie proceed ings of the evenoing, theoClhdrmon addressed thie meet ig. Trhe especial object of the meetingias to introduce Mr. Searle to Lis flook, ind to give hitn in opportunlity of apneaking to tllem ona subjeets to which hie could not well refer from tile pulpit. Mr. Searle had aleady fonmlded in thIe neighbouring colonies ten parislhes, ail of which were prospering. anld hie had no doubt that his suceses in Iosen would be equally satisfactory. Some time sinc hlie applied to the Clutrech Committee for leave to write to the Bishop of SRdurey for a minister, and he was allowed to write. ilis lordship conmmutieated with IMr. Searle, rwho was at tie time in iew Zealandr, ind lie oas selnoed f. Mr. Kiiner said Ire believed IMr. iearle to be " thie right nirr iii tile right. place," rind hie hIoped and behlverd that hiis flock woulr continue to like ilim more and Ilorim 'very day. Ito would beg to introduce to tle iuhnbitantsi of Bowen Mr. Searle as their instor.--Mr. C. Stuart said he welcomed Mr. Searle to Bowen withl all the greater ildeasure that hie lhad known himir twenty years ago, whien hIoe was a lille bohy.--Mr. J,. H. Scotat said the P'rotestanis of aowen, composed of members of thie Churcl of Esnglrand, 'Presbyterianirs, and Congrega tionalista, not' being suniciently rumrcerous iors suill ciently wealothy to suppnor't i ministlee for eachr de nomilration, hel na meelring at whichII they promlisedI a sum ofribout £300 per IunrutI for the suppiort of onle rinisrier, rwhlo vwes to act ns pastor to the mremberes ofthose denominations, with thie uderstanuding thiat the denomination with the greatest number of mear bers should hnve the right of choosing tile ministoer. The Chtrnel of IEfnglaard had the mrajorily. --lMr. Searlh, who rose aIlridat loud applause, delivered II very humorous and good address, coreluding by rny ing that he puropased risiting Clevelrsid Buy snrrtly, for thie purpose of citalblishlirg ia iureh there, ad hopted ooa to be obli' to establish a el.i'gysnrra at Burke 'Town, Gulf of Crpr'uiaria. Other spreeches and sorgs followerd, an the ovenirg's cntesaimei ntlrrt was woarmd, uip by tile caluranov siegilr " God save tie Queern." T'le ligitl 1lev. 1)Dr. Quirl arrived in Dahly oi Tl']ursday., IebrLary 22, and preachlr ed inll thie Rorrmani Ctathlolic Chureht on Sueder. His lordshipir iflerwards made a chort tou' amongsn the ,eilghbouring siations. The Bidirop held a rotllsrunstion ir the Bor0rrail Catholic C]urei., ])olby, on Sirtdai. Feb . . 'iuchere was a Ilrhge Inmber of canldidu?;a- many of Ii'hem adult perloulls f bolth sexes. 'Tendrcsn will be ftrtrhwilth called for thie erection ofta iolmoian Caltolie (lhurch it Draytlo, a imeetillg of ti he Conrunitt'ee ha1ving )ernll hld oU air Sullna lst. w llis tllht reslotution was (one to. 'Jee 'e 's no' esOrly (120 in rash in huamd. rnd lp'omises )'tiibout .?30 uoare. anrd Ino doubt wher n the S ilirdsir , ii s msnmer eed rdditiondll eonariibuions wir he forth,.oueinr . SioieO iii' insf, C.i'S a 1.is'sururi crcel'-potdeui. we ve Ieenfoareed wrill a nrisil from tlhe r iev. Iir. )Iaivers, th i p l p uiiraorin rleo'sgirman s f \\\'nurewil.o. rnd tfrom thie Bae. ])r. tlani. Rlomrano Catholic i'elorgy man fromn Warwickh Theolret. or at boast one object. of thre lrittar rev-rendi gentllemn: inr his rni-it 'irs to colledl fra ford tirhe e'retrl)n fta ' alu]el in tehi tow, alll his ex'l"iO sa hll ve trlt hePr /ruilless. 'clenders ace rliaro irnlvi te ibre her c'etioln o a Roonuo lrlrholic I'hael] aI Uidler. A good OtIlliig?a, Jll bee,, done li t l n]llii ilioiiiioHllll ci Do II, lill rll lle liect , i l310;( ilioi i ,e . rJhi]ro ?o l og l e' otiid 'lcllle , let llllIi 0 to loIill 0r eoi iiilit 4 t ', ' lI iht pullrloe1o nt'.ldi'ieiingio lll etll i thel ecl l-i,, of Ile iR,.MVr. 1liilyre,. id bltheby liove ihinbw rv'?",i".c cl_'?rv.?';d, i i Ihe io,,n cv-,r Siindw'. 'ti?e meti? p--ed i off iio itir-teloily. Sieeoli ne mlonl Im e blLet pc?.rlhd by lle lien. irh. 3- l llire, cod be i- lilked veP' 1Ih bI thie to inipeooiei. The onniverioia-y ieo- iliebig of lhe iio]itiit (hu'lch in (Siidolah took Ilacc l'ebuiiorc 1:tllh. : h? l h+i Inrtliofi if Ihii iroe'edinig goosed off ( 'lii I'ily. bcL . j.ilgiii?g ''oml Itih, repoltl . uId I 11lr( . ta iln lo r ll lp d illn e lo,.,d .jorn'lt, jhe ireeih ileliveied bi the mini ter, tir. \Vii-on. o?u o lhiii.gi oI' eigoti-t , ielf-loril-tti iioion nitoiiieilei'lthe'Tetoiobiihioo nei'ver liotidL l it ll co o llll- )? clP t nl in t clll: L l t of tii 1\yii,'va.in ]]irsinl'g~, , ilell h ia djins ihoel l ci·. ii lleiloricigh- siicet. . th'3 btz.atr in iid of the Ih ihlinp f i ll ,ill sake i iae iI Citrii0ii( c. .io ordinnilt.. strvit'v wI l. ]helJ atI lhe " \'likel,'le nL] ('hhir h .\lberl-,-r,,ct, ]Brishame, oni ?Mon1y eveni',, ,. iihruiry'nlii. large gi ri,,,cioii blinig ii nuhi., bi,. tlhe pt'oetd'niie hIionii g b'lli ojiesicil Ilh l te, h ollw. '. ii. 1 1 . (Cl i l i.atl?u l Imi III leo,. itenen abioit to hue ei?rh?icd, the Hen,. Il. .\"od,' ocllse onid i. Olitn,, lobll bieeu ice'p) 1e uil oilllli ('al<', for the M~inistrV hy tln' \H ewle,+'nl C.o~nfirence; 'oh] Ibi, th ey Ilh uihiiu ln the uIc ienoi l i t uiniin n ut th HV lt y n n t', t e ii' ij+i hm . it , i n m th e ii, i.ii le iro - Ultimnu uiem ibonubl iqul opomu ueiii to iiv. a hi~ititle rolnlt of thil m llll-l''nrio i o i odii , il l d tii ..heir call tl Ithe (hlis?-t ?Miimurm- io. Tuo 1+o l aeotidoie.i tluning ,onpli e ito' h Chi l r oueu.l i i htiu ncu l .o.oli?e.ne manemr, the tiv. Il ohi man d,.lioci ed the y cmnod , ii netteulr'tllce. writh the (nirtl unlir'eal' lyl? ch~ervet"d?t I the 11'e-?]t'+nl C.hturch oI Puch o?evnt-im , , nd in,,-tedv? ihen,, will ii iihuriiy to ,,iit ,8 i'i'? It'., "'Thi sucu'i'im' tlei ii brecloii l w.iuellluingioci I diiiiimt?' red ?.o-il ,..en .iounc miinisterro jreuinii, tie Eeritc-tecrnuoaoiiiiliii..i, A public mcetinie a coliteeliosn with fle Auetra losian Wesleyan Miisiotsoi Society wos held in the Wile?n?n C?lapel, Ipswiohl at 3 o'clock oi the after noon of Sundayv Inst.. Thelre was a good attendance, nd11 tile proceeodings poased off with muchl spirit. On Tueaday, Feb. 27, the opening of anew Wes. blyan Chapel at. Freestone Creek, inear Warnwick, was celebmrated by a tea- meeting. The ter.'J. B. Wnthin has left Warwick for tie ocene of his after labours at the 1?riendly Islands. Iin nnikiingihi ononiourementt lleloealjournil says : Vie sanlot but state that his absence will be deeply deplored Iby tihe congregation amongst whom toe has loboured for thle past few yearo. By his earnest ard impressive ranner of pireachinig tie ihas collected around hid pulpit a numerous bodly of hiorers, anid in hris social lcharacter hie thas imade musy friends among the cpeople of W\arwiek. An aiiddre, with It purse of money, was presented to the rev. gentlemas previous to Iris departure. The following are thle ministterial appoeintnents for the colony of Queisilhnd, made by tlhe Australasion Conafare'cofttcWete· nMehoin cltertdiclureh,foeS1GG, whilch recestly clostd its session at Adelaide :--Bris bane: n. 'W.. J. K.Piddington (Chairmaun Queenslaild district), Hery Woodhouse, and ta Csntclist. Ipswicih: Riev. William Hill. Toowoonalba : Rev. Charles Olden. Warwick: Rev. Charles -ties. Roekhampton: Rev. Edward D. Badgewick. fauryboroughb: Rev. William Chalrles lIuglhes. Bowes, lort Denison: Roev. Ben jnamini Dixon. Thie Rev. Theoplilus Beaitley, now of Brisbase, reImoreR to Windeor, New SouthlaWales, and Rev. J. B. Watkilt proceeds to the Friendly blands. The great demansd upoi the Conference for ministers, both for tIle colonies and for tihe missions, inhas pre vented compliancee with the earnest lpplication of tile district eosmmittee for the pipointmoent of additional ministers to the Toowoomba and Rocklatmpton cire cuits for tile piresent. The sbore clhanges will take elfcet early in April. A tea-meet isg, in eonnesction with thie Baptist Chalel in Ipnswich, took place on Tuesday, IFebruary 20, in tile chaprcl, West-street. The tablen, at which about one lhuidred and fifty persoas sat down, were abundantly spretd with a variety of edibles, to swhich ample justice was done. After tea, a public meeting took place, lwhichl was numerously atteided. T'ihe chair was oecupied by the newly leeited pastor, ]ier. J. Ingram, lwho, after a few prelimninary remarks, called upon thle secretry, lir. A. S. Leilie, to ratd the report, lwhichl stated that thIe anumbtr of miembers oni tile rollon August 31, 18G5, was tifty : of there fifteen seceded in Sep tetuber, redurciing tile nlumber to thirty-five. Since that time thie additions by baptism tad been elevnu , and iv arrivatls firom Iao?le churches sevel--so that ite inumber at present oni the roll was fifty-three. The mieeting wa-r then tddresseed by severdl gentle meni, amolltgt lwhou were Ulenmbersa of various dello minations, all of whom expressed great, pleasure ill tile losperoncs eondition of the Cahurch, and exhorted all to Chlristian lore and unity, and especially to a healy rt co operatil with tllcheir pastor, for reithout these 'things prosperity' could inot be hoped for. The imemtbers of the CihureCh were reatinded that ere long icereased accoinodation will Ibe required in conse queuce of thle growthl of the congregation, for which the Irescnt, buitlisig was miuch too small and uncom fortloble. Earnest elxhorltatious were also givet to all Cpersons, buti espCecially ihosc who itEtiEnd to place of wrorship, to be converted to God. A vote of thanks atus awarded to tihe ldv whao Ihal for some time so ably eonducted the singing, and alin to those who i Lprepared tile tea. After a few remarks fromn tile Rev. Chlirman, who exlnes sed tile lleasure hle felt in seeing eo msnny friends around him from various denomdina tionsi, and the true Chlristion feelitg of unity that per vaded ull, the I)oxlogy was acung, sud the meeting dismissed withI tile benediction. A tea-meeting ill contection writhl the Primitive MlethodistCbhurch took place in thoWeslevon Methodist Chapel, Elluenborough-trcot, on Tuedaj', Feb. 27, asd was very rnumerouslv atltended. AboutL250 erson sat doon to table s whilch presetod a most hiviting ap pearance, being guinisbed iplentiflly withll every nroiet; of cakes, sweetments, and fruit. As these ranpidly disappeared their pilnces were imcdiattelv occupied bty frebh sutppilies, and, at the teurmination of the feaet aII large quatity of catablen still remained. After ten a public meeting was held, at wahich Mr. J. C. Foote liretided. A tos-siceting nwas heli at the P'rimitive Methlodist Church, Brisbanle, oni Tuasda. Feb. 20. About one Ihundretad aid ftyi persois sat dobai to a sumptolousn trepo a; and, after the tables were cleared, a publice mieeting nwat held. Alderimau .A. .l ILockings occupied the chair, nitid commencedt tilhe proeeditngs witlt a few appropriate remtarks. TJ-he lrh. J. Iuckle tthen read lis aauutl report, which was i eey satistlhcttory. Diur ing the last two yearn the sum of £676 hos been raised for the lirpotne of building chiapels ; tile deio mitstion iI nit building one nt hulitmba, iad is pre uaringg to erect others at South drisbanue and Ilps- ich. Tlh re lport mIao stiated lthaut the deominantion uils extending ito operatiotsa in tihe buoat in vacrious dirce tions. 