CONTINENTAL EUROPE. THE PRUSSIAN CAPITAL. (From the Special Commissioner of the Daily Telegraph.) I MENTIONED, some weeks since, as a drawback to the perfection of glorious old Antwerp, that it had no main street. From such a deficiency Berlin does not suffer. Not only is its main thoroughfare one of the most grandiose in Europe, but critics hare gone so far. as to declare that Berlin, like Brompton, Rochester, Cltatham, and Strood, is all one main street; that the main street in question is Unter den Linden; and that Unter den Linden is the only street worth the attention of a stranger in Berlin. The tourist who visits Paris for the first time is usually advised to take his stand by the Luxor Obelisk in the Place de la Concorde, whence, turning his head to the various points of the compass, but without displace ment of his body, he may take in the coup fail of the Tuileries with its gardens, the Rue de Rivoli with its arcades, the Rue Royale with the Madeleine, the Champs Elysees with the Arc de l'Etoile, and the Pont de la Concorde with the Palace of the Legislative Body. The designers who laid out these marvellous vistas have been able to set up one point of departure from which the whole scene -can be surveyed, as the Third Napoleon surveyed the fight at Magenta from that balcony in the village of Ponte Nuovo. There is scarcely such a point de mire inTßerlin ; but by taking up a position, first at one point and then at another, the chief features of the town may be seen. Stand on the Schloss-brucke —the Castle Bridge —and you will behold half the architectural glories of which Berlin can boast; the Old Palace, the Museum, the Lust-Garten, the Royal Library, and the Cathedral. Then go to the base of Frederick's statue in the Linden, and —in the Opera House, the Monbijou Palace and that of the Prince of Prussia, the University, the great guard house, and the arsenal, with the shady arcades of the Linden and the Branden burg Gate in the distance —you will behold the remaining moiety of the buildings of which Berlin is proud. Of the remaining seven-eighths of the Prussian capital it may be written, as of too many huge human beehives in England—streets and houses, houses and streets, and nothing more. As for that Schloss, that old palace, it is very sumptuously furnished within, and its Weisse Saal, in which the legislative ses sion is usually opened by the Sovereign in person—this year his Majesty will not be present, and the speech from the throne will be read to the refractory deputies by |M. de Bismarck: which may remind the lover of parallels of a vestry presided over by a beadle —may be as magnificent as the " glorious gallery" in that other White hall which we moderns were not permitted to see, as it was burnt down in the time of William 111. But the exterior of the Schloss, grand as it is, surpasses in gloom the facade of the British Museum, which is saying a good deal—abating only those hideous glazed sheds, crammed with anti quarian lumber, which, to the scandal of the English nation, are yet permitted to disfigure the portico in Bloomsbury. The old Schloss is haunted, they say, by a phantom known as the "White Lady;" but she has not succeeded in imparting any reflex of her hue to the palace she favors with her presence. Its walls would be decidedly the better for blanching, ami the great cupola is as black and nearly as big as St Paul's. It is of noble proportions, how ever, and no Borussian Branch of the egregious London, Chatham, and Dover Railway has been permitted to hide it from the gaze of the Berlinese. And, finally, the inside of this old Schloss is worth a visit, not only for its reputed ghost and its grand decorations —which are in the usual style of Loyal upholstery—but for the sake of that consummately beautiful picture by Lessing, the " Lenore," out of Burger's ballad. What an epic of love and terror, devotion and despair, is there in this pic ture —what tearful faith in Lenore's eyes; what dreadful hopeless vacancy in those of the phantom trooper ! " The dead ride fast" —the very steed in this picture is the Pale Horse of Scripture, with the saddle and bridle of a Prussian dragoon. It would throw, I am afraid, our Lord Chamberlain into fits, and cause the Board of Green Cloth to turn black in the face, to be told that there is a public right of way through the outer and inner courts of the Royal Palace at Berlin, and that a constant stream of foot passengers passes from the Lust-Garten to the Schloss Platz all day long. This is not the first time that I have had to touch on the odd mixture of familiarity with reverence for rank to be found on the Continent. The state of things existing, or lately existent, in Scot land —where a cottar was often hail-fellow well-met with an earl, but where, never theless, a gulf deep as Acheron yawned between the two —and the footing which to mind; the poet was sent reeling from the tables of the great to take up tbe gauger's inkhorn—this state of things often I finds a close parallel enough in the terms which Continentalmonarchs are on with their subjects. There is no derogation of dig nity here if a field-marshal in full uniform pulls up his horse before a sentry-box, and seeing the sentinel to be manifestly afflicted with a cold in his head, asks him Vhy he is not on the sick list. A prince of the blood suffers no loss of dignity by walking about the Linden arm-in-arm with an aide-de-camp, and entering a cigar-shop to fill his case. At the Hague, the other day, I saw the Prince of Orange, heir apparent to the crown of the Netherlands, buying eartes de-visite in a stationer's shop. Why shouldn't he ? Why shouldn't royal folk walk about the streets if they like ? Their feet are not " golden lilies," like those of the Chinese ladies. Unfortunately, when ever royalty does makes its appearance in England, we are apt to mob it, to tread upon its heels, to stare in its face, and generally to drive it, tired and disgusted, home to its palace again. What metamorphosis of snobbery has come over a free people, I won der, since Charles 11. walked among his subjects in St. James's Park, to feed the ducks in Rosamond's Pond ? There is certainly one little inconveni ence attendant upon this unceremonious mingling of Royalty with the meaner sort. You are expected to raise your hat every time yon pass Royalty in a plain frock coat, walking arm-in-arm with its aide-de-camp. There being usually one favorite promenade in all Continental cities, you run the risk of meeting Royalty rather too frequently for your personal comfort. I remember, for example, that at Turin, hist summer, the Royal Princes were in the habit of driving every afternoon ten o? twelve times round the Piazza d'Armi, and you, in ft modest fiacre at two francs an hour, were bound to salute Royalty at least twenty-four times. Nor, if you were a pedestrian, were you better off, for the Royal Princes often took it into their heads to alight from their carriages and walk; and you had hard work to avoid running up against Royalty at innumerable corners. The same perils menace you in Germany. Re move your head covering you must. A hundred watchful eyes are upon you; nay, were you to omit the customary salutation, the sovereign himself might take notice of the affront, and an official personage sub sequently wait on you for explanations at your hotel. His Majesty of Mecklen burg, you will remember, is scrupulously particular in the way of bows and re verences ; and it is related that King Louis of Bavaria—not the Tannhauser King, but the Lola Montes one—did once most for cibly admonish an inattentive Englishman who passed him on the promenade, by knocking off, with his own Boyal hands, the hat which the churlish Briton had neglected to remove. They used to be exceedingly particular—even to a dis agreeable degree of pedantry—on this head in Prussia; and, on the occasion of my first visit to Berlin, I once had a few words with a punctilious police officer at the Opera House, who insisted that I had no right to put on my hat, even when the per formances had come to an end, until I had | reached the outer lobby. He pointed to the Royal box, and shouted " Der Konig!" meaning, I suppose, that by covering myself in the presence of an empty private box— for the poor king was away at Charlotten burg, sick and imbecile—l was offering an insult to the House of Hohenzollern. We did not fight; principally, perhaps, be cause I didn't understand any of the German he bellowed forth, and he didn't understand any of the Anglo- Saxon elegancies which I showered on his highly • ornamented helmet. This was in Herr yon Hinckeldey's time, I think—the police despot who was at last snuffed out in a duel—and the Berlin po lice used to give peaceable travellers an immensity of trouble. There was always a man in a helmet dogging your footsteps, and asking impertinent questions. Of these there were as many in the hotel po lice ledger as in a proposal for life in surance. " What are you doing)" "Where are you going?"—as if any man knew where he was going. " What are your means ?" " How do you justify yourself!"—which last query a Scotch traveller might have held to be a direct provocation to a controversy as to Faith versus Works. It is a very hopeful sign of the times that this impertinent meddling with other people's business is no part of the present administrative system of Prussia. Of the intentional rudeness said to have been offered by Prussian innkeepers and officials to English travellers during the Schleswig- Holstein war, I have no means of judging; but at present any inimical feeling, if ever it existed, seems to have altogether died away. I don't like the Ger mans, their country, or their ways, or anything which is theirs; but it would be highly unjust to withhold a tribute of acknowledgment for the eager civility they display in their bearing towards English* men. By this is not meant meie inn civility; the courtesy you receive at the hotels is purchaseable, is in proportion to the wine you order, and is charged for pretty stiffly in the Rechnung; but polite ness from persons who cannot make any thing by being polite—railway clerks, Post Office employe's, police agents, and the like. Their great delight is, when they can speak a little English, to be able to air it in conversation with an Englishman. Very lately a friend in London sent me a copy of Punch, in one page of which he had very imprudently scribbled a facetious reference to the subject of the chief cartoon. Now this is defrauding the revenue, all the world over. The authorities had taken tbe band off Punch, not, I am inclined to think, with a view of timling out whether there was anything uncomplimentary to his Majesty William I. in the contents, but rather in the hope of dis covering something funnier in its pages than ordinarily embellishes those of tbe Kladderudatsch. My friend's imprudent scrawl was " spotted.'" Ten years ago there would have been a tremendous fuss inadi over this violation of the postal code. The paper would have been confiscated; and dire pains and penalties threatened against the perpetrator and accessories both (lays. The clerk at the Poste Restante, who looked by the way as though he bad been laughing heartily over Punch, spoke a little English ; told me it was a " ver bad ting to do," bat that this time the authori ties would allow the matter to pass. And he gave me my Punch. We have heard so much about the evil relations which exist between the Sovereign of Prussia and his subjects that I expected, when I came to Berlin, to find William I. shrouded in impenetrable seclusion, or ven turing abroad only in a carriage with sheet iron panels, driven at a rapid rate, and closely surrounded by cuirassiers with their swords drawn. There is nothing of this kind to be seen. His Majesty's son and daughter-in-law live in a much finer house, and keep up far more state than he himself does. I saw the eldest daughter of England, and future Queen of Prussia, in deep mourning for the King of the Belgians, but looking still very bright and comely, taking an airing on the Linden in a carriage and four splendidly appointed, and preceded by Outriders. But the next afternoon I saw leisurely driving from the Brandenburg gate a little, low, plain, open phaeton, drawn by two plump I black ponies. There was no escort, there i were no outriders, equerries, or flunkies ' even, beyond on the box, beside the coach man, a chasseur with a cocked hat and feather. No Minister Resident from a | minor principality could have taken the air lin plainer trim. Reclining in the phaeton, I his martial rloak—and it was more than a middle-aged cloak—around him, and the usual spiky helmet on his head, was a frank, bluff- looking old gentleman, with grey whiskers and moustaches, for all the world, minus the helmet, like one of those old gentlemen you may see, about 5 o'clock on a fine afternoon in the season, toddling from the Athenaeum to the Senior United. But this was not Sir Thomas de Boots, or Sir George Tufts. It was William L, Rex Ranusorum. A very noble, honest, kind old man he looks, and such he is said, even by the opponents of his minister's policy to be. Behind the age, very likely; but was not Colonel Thomas Newcombe behind the age; wasn't Sir Robert Inglis; isn't more than one honest and simple and generous Tory nobleman in our favored country behind the age ? Sydney Smith used to say that he was no more ashamed of having been a Radical than of having had the chicken pox. There are some natures that can no more help being Con servative in their old age than they can help preferring port to claret. I have always sympathised with the nameless Oxford undergraduate who didn't like Dr. Fell. To be sure, the admission of distaste for an individual without the power to assign the reason why was not quite original, having been very vigorously expressed as an epigram, several centuries before, by one MartiaL But there is in the confession of dislike to Dr. Fell—the reason why the undergraduate couldn't tell —a candor and an ingenuousness that pull, sontehow, irresistibly at the heartstrings. Who is there among us that has not some special object of repugnance—some intimate b&e; noire —and yet is puzzled to define the causes of his misliking ? We hate a man for his hat, or his whiskers, or the manner in which he cracks walnuts. We hate a book for its binding, or the paper on which it is printed. We abandon a house for a repulsive window on the second- floor landing. There is little use in reasoning with ourselves. We don't like it; and there is an end of the matter. The poor, who have a virtual monopoly of terse locution, very exhaustively sum up their Doctor Fellism when they declare that they "can't abide" anything. There is the secret. We cannot abide Doctor Fell; we cannot live with him or near him; and the reason why, we cannot tell. It is ex tremely probable that Doctor Fell was a very good sort of man, and popular among the Dons of his day; nay, we have certain evidence that somebody did like him, for, in the last will and testament of Burton, author of the " Anatomy of Melancholy," we find this remarkable clause: "Item. To Master Doctor Fell I leave my second best bed." Or, I am not certain, being many hundreds of miles from my authority, that it wasn t forty shillings. But, at all events, Doctor Fell had his legacy. Knowing what a mysterious, reason defying, will-balking feeling is the one dwelt on in the preceding paragraph, I can fully realise the possibility of a chance tourist in Germany not liking the capital of Prussia. Try his hardest to admire Berlin; laboriously plod through its palaces and picture galleries; render full justice to its undeniable architectural merits as he may, the city soon palls upon him, subse quently wearies, and ultimately disgusts him. He can assign no reason for being a malcontent. The place is full of enjoy ment.. The theatres, as I have set forth in a preceding letter, are numerous and splendid. Postal communication with England is both quick and punctual. You are no longer bothered about passports or permit de sejour. The guide-books tell you that, properly recommended, you may find agreeable literary society among the professors of the university, and sit at the feet of Savigny, the jurist; Ranke and Yon Raumer, the historians; Ehrenberg, the naturalist; Yon Bach, the geologist; Bockh, the classical antiquary; Schelling, the metaphysician; and Cornelius, the painter; and although the traveller's Koran adds, after enumerating the hotels, "the inns in general are not good" — italicising the assertion —I have found the Hotel d'Angleterre a very comfortable and luxurious hostelry, with au excellent table cThdle, a choice cellar, and beds re quiring no warming-pans. If you are a connoisseur in art, there is a wonderful collection of the early German masters in the museum ; if you wish to see Versailles translated into German text you may take the train to Potsdam ; if you are fond of sculpture, you will find a bridge and a boulevard sown as thick with statues as an English railway station with Sydenham trousers and Benson's watches j if your tastes are bellicose, you may see every variety of military uniform and military manoeuvre in the course of the twenty-four hours —for the garrison of Berlin is so large that the city looks like a camp; if you are fond of beer, you will find all Berlin un dermined with convivial sewers, subways, tunnels, and underground potteries ; if you are a student of Carlyle, you may take the Sage of Chelsea's masterpiece—which the aainire, the reason why they know j full well—and see the Great Fre derick on the Linden and in bronze by Rauch, with an ermine mantle —which he never wore—over his shoulders, and his generals and statesmen grouped round the pedestal beneath his horse's feet; or, in imigination, you may see him taking his morning walk on the terrace at Pots dam, in that historical cocked hat, and that immortal pigtail, and those jackboots more celebrated than the boots of Bombastes— and which Sir. Carlyle is so careful to tell us were innocent of the "sootpots" of Day and Martin, and were carefully greased. You may see the Tabaks Collegwm, where the heroic brute his papa, wearied by the labors of statecraft and the fatigue of thrashing his wife and daughter, came to refresh his exhausted energies with tobacco and swipes. And you may see the tomb of the Great Frederick, and wonder what be came of the hero's sword, which, to use an elegant American expression, the Great Napoleon " kinder thove." Now, is there any excuse for a traveller who, with all these enjoyments easily ac cessible, with health, strength, a good con science, and money in bis pocket, yet owns that he doesn't like Berlin? I am afraid that there are many who do not. Even the cheerful "Murray," who generally does his best to make you look on the bright side of things, observes:— " The mere passing traveller, in search of amusement, will soon exhaust the sights of Berlin, and find it dull and less attractive than most of the great European capitals." Pray let it be frankly understood that the traveller I touched ujwn was a purely hypothetical one. I like Berlin as I do everybody and everything that has being. No capital, Cassel perhaps excepted, to me can seem dull or unattractive. To him who has been blind, one ray of light, even though it come through a dirty window pane, is felicity. He who has been hanged and brought to life again will scarcely grumble because there is too much starch in his collars. No European capital can, to your Commissioner, seem wholly dull, utterly wretched, perfectly intolerable; for he has visited the horror of horrors—he has descended, in company with Messrs. Dante aad Virgil, poets, and come up again; he has dwelt in Washington, in the district of Columbia. Were the causes of the disfavor with which too many persons regard this impor tant, stately, and bustling city—the seat of one of the most powerful monarchies in Europe, and tbe habitat of a most intelli gent and industrious population—were these causes studiously analysed, they might be found, perhaps, to resolve them selves into three principal heads ; the first, that Berlin contains little or nothing that is venerable; the second, that the surround ing country is exceeding ugly ; the third, that there is no valid excuse for the exist ence of Berlin, as a capital city, in its actual position at all. Elle n'a pas sa raison d'etre. When Peter the Great ordered Basil of the Island to build him a city among the swamps and back waters of the Neva, he did so because the site was so very like his beloved Holland, and he was determined to have an Amsterdam of his own; and in the Gulf of Fin land, close by, he had a nobler Zuyder Zee. The uncomfortable situation of Madrid is to be pardoned for the sake of its antiquity — for the sake of Cervantes and Le Sage. But these pleas cannot be urged in favor of Berlin. It is a caprice without fancy, and a blunder devoid of humor. Why should it have been built in the middle of a vast, dreary plain, with a delusive sprinkling of grey. green herbage, but which underneath is as sandy as the Sahara ? A hundred and fifty years ago it was a little bourgade, occupying only one islet on the right bank of the contemptible rivulet, the Spree. Why should its population have increased tenfold since the time of Frederick L ? Tbe indomitable will of the greater Fritz may be adduced as a reason; but I have heard it said that the friend of Voltaire and Maupertuis never liked Berlin, and much preferred Potsdam. He could not " abide " his own capital, just as Louis XIV. could never abide Paris. Still Berlin has grown to gigantic pro portions ; nobody knows why. Man chester and Glasgow have ex hibited within our time an equally sud den and surprising increase in size and population; but Glasgow and Manchester are both ancient cities. The first had St. Mungo; in the other the Collegiate Church was a nucleus ; and the distension of both are directly due to the same imperial ; cause —the cotton manufacture. But Ber lin manufactures nothing but beer, bad porcelain, and cast-iron busts and brace lets. She has none of the requisites of a city. The .Spree is not wider than the Cray or the Dart. There is not even a hill of respectable altitude in the neighborhood whence a hostile general could bombard Berlin. There is little stone to be found in the vicinity, and some of the finest buildings are, perforce, of brick and stucco. The site of the city is one uniform level, and the sewage stagnates in tbe drains. In winter time this does not so much mat ter ; but I had a month in Berlin once in a warm spring time, ten years ago, and I preserve direful reminiscences of noisome stenches that came scouring over the Schloss-briicke, like the wells in Giselle, and trooping along the Linden like squad rons of dragoons. The simile is not so very far-fetched, for the bad smells of Berlin are in hot weather attended by clouds of dust; and tbe heat of the sun, reflected by the sandy clouds and the sandy pavement, is almost unendurable. In spite of these undeniable disadvan tages —in spite of sand and dust and un wholesome odours —in spite of the execrable pavement and the defective trottoirs and the yawning gutters, which have to be bridged in many places with planks, Berlin has flourished, is flourishing, and will continue, I hope—being in charity with all mankind —to flourish. Its population at present is not much under hall' a million, and statis tics show it to be rapidly increasing. Al though infamously paved, the city is bril liantly lit with gas; the police force is numerous and efficient, the cabs are good and cheap ; there are plenty of omnibuses, plenty of beer shops, plenty of restaurants, plenty of cafes, and plenty of newspapers. And yet there are people who don't like Berlin. Cornhill promises the comuien cement of a new novel by Mr. Trollope—" The Claverings"—in the February number. In this number we have the conclusion of " Wives and Daughters " —the last chapter written by Mrs. Gaskell—with a note by the editor indicating the manner in which she would have wound up the story had she lived, and passing a high eulogium on some of the characters as in the highest style of art, e.g., Cynthia, Molly, and Osborne. Some of the descriptive pictures are also highly praised. With respect to other contributions, Cornhill opens the new volume well. Among its papers is " The Second Funeral of Napoleon," by Michael Angelo Titmarsh. In an introductory note the editor says, "Mr. Thackeray once more appears in the pages of the Cornhill Magazine. We are about to give our readers some sketches of Ids, which have indeed been printed before, but that was when he was writing for a generation so astonishingly dull as to see no merit in ' Barry Lyndon.'" One of them was this sketch. It is in a series of letters on the disinterment of Napoleon at St. Helena—on the voyage from St. Helena to Paris—on the funeral cere mony. In the hitter is a description of " the very prettiest sight of the whole day." " In the Bame house where I live (but about five stories nearer the ground) lodges an English family, consisting of —1. A great grandmother, a hale handsome old lady of seventy, the very best dressed and neatest old lady in Paris. 2. A grandfather and grandmother, tolerably young to bear that title. 3. A daughter; and 4. Two little great-graud or grand children, that may be of the age of three and one, and belong to a son and daughter who are in India. The grandfather, who is as proud of his wife as he was thirty years ago when he married, and pays her compliments still twice or thrice in a day, and when he leads her into a room looks round at the persons assembled,, and says in his heart, ' Here, gentlemen, here is my wife; show me such another woman in England.' This gentleman hadl hired a room on the Champs Elysees, for he would not have his wife catch cold by ex* posing her to the balconies in the open air. When I came to the street I found the family assembled in the following order :— "No. 1, the great grandmother, walking daintily along, supported by No. 3, her grand-daughter. " A nurse carrying No. 4 junior, who was sound asleep; and a huge basket, contain ing saucepans, bottles of milk, parcels of infant's food, certain dimity napkins, a child's coral, and a little horse belonging to No. 4 senior. " A servant bearing a basket of condi ments. "No. 2. Grandfather, spick and span, clean shaved, hat brushed, white buckskin gloves, bamboo cane, brown great-coat, walking as upright and solemn as may be, having his lady on his arm. " No. 4 senior, with mottled legs and tar tan costume, who was fishing about between his grandpapa's legs, who heartily wished him at home. "' My dear,' his face seemed to say to his lady, ' I think you might have left the little things in the nursery, for we shall have to squeeze through a terrible crowd in the Champs Elysees.' The lady was going out for a day's pleasure, and her face was full of care. She had to look first after the old mother, who was walking ahead, and then after No. 4 junior, with the nurse; —he might fall into all sorts of danger, wake up, cry, catch cold, nurse might slip down—or Heaven knows what. Then she had to look her husband in. the face, who had gone to such expense, and been so kind for her sake, and make that gentleman believe she was thoroughly happy; and finally she had to keep an eye on No. 4 senior, who, she was perfectly certain, was about in two minutes to be lost for ever, or trampled to pieces in the crowd. The four detachments above des cribed, who had been straggling a little in their passage down the street, closed up at the end of it, and stood fur a moment hud dled together. No. 3, Miss X—, began speaking to her companion the great-grand mother : ' Hush, my dear,' said that old lady, looking round alarmed at her daughter, ' speak French.' And she straightway began nervously to make a speech which she supposed to be in that language, but which was as much like French as Iroquois. The whole secret was out; you could read it in the grand mother's face, who was doing all she could to keep from crying, and looked as frightened as she dared to look. The two elder ladies had settled between them that there was going to be a general English slaughter that day, and bad brought the children with them, 80 that they might all be murdered in company." A paper on " American Humor " is a discussion on the peculiarity of some few books that hare been recently published--" Artemus Ward,** " liiglow Papers," &c;, with quotations in illustration of remarks. Here we have an account of a well-known American, captain who boasted that his boat could float wherever the ground was a little damp ; and of an American traveller who was asked whether he had not crossed, the Alps and replied, " Well, I guess I passed some risin' ground." '* Recollec tions of Waterloo," by a surviving veteran*, narrates in four pages a few personal inci dents in the battle. "An Australian's Impressions of England," and "The Ancient Fenians, and Fenian Literature," are the titles of two other papers. Sample of Pbtbolkfm fbom Tarawast.— We have been enabled to inspect a tample of petroleum oil sent to Mr. Powell, of Nelson. The oil is unrefined, and in the same condition as extracted from the wells. The spot from which it was obtained is the Sugar Loaves, Taranaki, where the large amount of 5000 gal lons is being obtained daily. The owners of the wells are, we hear, three laboring men, who hare but recently refused £10,000 for the pro perty. We understand that the sample is now amongst the exhibits at the institute, it having been kindly placed there by Mr. Powell. As one of the most interesting samples of the pro duce of this colony, it cannot fail to attract at tention. The Maori Prisoners.—Captain Thomp son of the steamship Queen, which armed from the south on Saturday last, reports that when he left Napier the steamship St. Kilda, Captain Kennedy, was juit about embarking 160 Maori prisoners, for conveyance to tha Chatham Islands. Captain Thomas, Collector of Customs ut the Chathams, would proceed with them, and the prisoners were to be under the guard of one oiliccr and twenty-five men. The St. Kilda was to sail on Thursday last.— Neic Zealand Herald. \t»mV, 19 