; ~ ' ' ' 'papal Allocution. ? On the 5th of August his Holiness repaired to the Church of the Stigmata, which was crowded by the faithful, who came to gain the indulgence of the 'Pardon^, and -to- receive- the; Apostolic Benediction. The Pope, having offered up a prayer, took his seat upon the throne, when Mgr. Bartolini; Secretary to the Congregation of Rites, red the decree touching the canoniza tion of the Blessed Leonard de Port Maurice Then ehe postulator to the cause, a Franciscan of the Congregation of Santa Bonaventura, of which Blessed X.finnarrl was a' murnhpr -Mia-nlrprV the Poly Father for condesending, by his declara tion, to enhance the glory of the seraphic Order, and expressed his firm conviction that the ' Church of Rome atid her august head would soon enjoy, through the intercession of the neV Saint, the triumph which God had prepared for them. Then Pius IX. rose, and spoke with a firm voice as follows : ' While on the one hand we ^ see the enemies of the Church redoubling their efforts to lay her low and to destroy her, were it possible, on the other we are furnished by her with a topic of consolation and edification ; while these men are bent upon undoing the work of ages, driving the religious bodies f rom their holy retreats, God brings before us for our special veneration, to the confusion of the impious, for the sustaining of the weak, and for the encouragement of the strong, this humble son of St. Francis of Assise, and He holds up this champion for our imitation, a champion who ranks high among all those who adore Him face to face and in Hi3 glory. As for us, let us pray for these blind ones, and Jet us. follow out the example of this new Saint, yrho watered Rome withe his sweat, and who was'known to our great-grand-fathers. I wish pou to understand clearly the object of his apostolic labors.^ It was to nours?h the faith '' ..that he toiled 30, and to you I say, retain a deep attachment to that Faith, put life into it by good works, for without works it is a dead Faith The tree that bears no fruit shall be cut down and cast into the fire ; the soldier who finds himself unarmed in the hour of battle will lack both strength and courage. I am pleased to-see a, congregation that is animpAed bv this spirit of faith, coupled with works of' love. To the young among you, I say : Oh, my children ! apnsider what perils surround you,, and lay fast hold of this precious treasure ! The preverse will make advances to ycu — reject them. They will offer you counsel— fly them — they will try to drag you.. along with, them^-tear yourselves away from them. Mans there are, who, once young like you, believed. and practised the Faith and who have afterwards fallen into error and vice, seduced by the . wicked. I myself knew one of the pitiable celebrities of the day, a youth who, twenty years ago held converse with me, on perfection and holiness, and thought of enter ing the cloister ; I saw him in after years led away by his companions ; I saw him plunge deeper and deeper, till he became as notorious as Erosjbratus in Europe, and throughout the world, arid laid hi&head; at- last-upon the -block (Felix Orsini). Keep, then, the example of St. Leonard before your eyes, and pray that you may persevere in the right. By living thus you will always enjoy peace of mind, and, that domestic tranquility which, is the fruit of pure conscience* and which constitutes the happiness of life. 1 d6 not tell you that you will be ex empted from tribulation, because in the order of Providence we must meet with crosses and trials while we are iu this world, but remember, the struggle, is short and the prize is eternal. May the Almighty endue my week words with power, that they may, bring forth fruit in all of you ! Look, my God, upon the vine which Thou hast planted, and pre sejrve it. Respice super viheatn ktam ; look upon me, a poor mortal indeed, but one who has been appointed by Thee to guard and defend it ; give mis strength that I may raise my hands to Thee and call down Thy benediction upon it. Bless this city, so dear to Thee ; suffer not, the wild beasts of the forests to come and vent their rage in the midst of the blessings which, dwell within these walls. Bles3;the citizens of of every class, and especially this holy, family, that it may even . be animated by the spirit of zeal and edification. May the Heavenly Father bless you — may He render you all-powerful against His enemies, and keep you steadfast in the right ; may the Son bless you and^itr»part:to; you ; His divine ! wisdom, to the confusion -of error, and for your j preservation from,the,snara of those are them I aelves in error ; may the Holy Ghost bless you j and keep you united .in His divine love.' — London Weekly Register. - . _ ? . 