THE CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS OF SIDNEY. No. XI. The Sydney Inhkmaht and DiprnNSAnv. Tbjs tharity, although differing materially in its nature and objects from those of which we have already treated, is quite as important as either of them. Its object is to extend the same kind of help to suffering humanity as is afforded by the admirably conducted hospitals of Europe. If its managers have not quite succeeded, as yet, in making the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary as perfect as some of these institutions, it is because the means at their disposal have not been Euch as would enable them to do so. UOTlSiaenng me uimiea e&ieni; vi vm»t: urcuua, tutor progress towards perfection has been far greater and more rapid than could have been expected. This institution so far resembles the Benevolent Society and the Society for the Relief of Destitute Children, that it is supported partly by voluntary contributions and partly by Government aid ; that email contributions are required from such of those who participate in the advantages of the institution as can afford to contribute; and that there is a separate and special payment from the Goverment for the support of euch patients as are sent by the latter for admission, and as are not only too poor to pay anything for themselves, but have no relatives or friends able and trilling to assist them. In glancing over the lists of subscribers, we see again most of the names that we have already observed among the supporters of the before- mentioned charities. There arc many, in fact, vrho contribute to nearly all the public charities of the metropolis. But there are a etill greater number, we are sorry to say — and persons who could weU afford te subscribe — who give to none of these charities. The institution has, as its name imports, a double operation. Persons who are accidentally injured, or who are labouring under acute disease in any shape, and who are so circumstanced as to render them fit objects of charity, ere received as in-door patients at the Infirmary. Others who, without being quite so indigent, are nevertheless involved in sickness and distress so as to be unable to pay for medical attend ance or for medicine, receive advice gratis, and are supplied with drugs from the dispensary. There is a staff of medical officers for the Infirmary, and another stuff of Buch officers for the out-patients, each officer having a separate district. Patients who are unable te go to the medical officer of their district are visited by the latter at their own homes. Admission to the Infirmary is confined as closely as poseible to acute cases. In other words, patients labouring un der consumption, cancer, or other diseases which do not admit of probable recovery or decided relief, are not, under ordinary circumstances, admitted. The Go vernment asylums are the proper places of refuge for per&onB; in this unhappy position. Children under seven years of age are not admitted except in cose of an accident, or for a surgical operation. The Benevelent Asylum will afford a refuge for sick children, younger than this, who have no friends able fj-id willing to tend them. Patients are admitted to the Infirmary on the reeotu Djendation ef qualified members of the society (as hereafter particularised), or an order from the Colonial Secretary. In case of an accident! or in any other case of great urgency, the patient is admissible, at any hour of the day or sight, without a recommendation. In all such cases where a patient has been received without a recommendation, and without an order from the Colonial Secretary, he is expected, if able, to pay such turn for lodgings and medicines as may be deter mined by the weekly committee. Even patients who have been recommended, if known to possess the means of payment, are expected to contribute to such an extent towards the expenses of their care and maintenance as the weekly committee may determine. This committee ha6 the power of admitting, in special cases, without recommendation. Although the really necessitous are considered the proper objects of this charity, 6eamen belonging to ships in the harbour or otherpersons possessing certain means of their own or able to command theaidofftiendsoremployers maybe sdmitted ss indoor patients upen payment of the sum of 2s. 6d. per diem, or such other sum as the directors may from time to time appoint. But the right to ad mission ev;it of persons duly recommended or able to J-6y for themselves is in no case absolute. Each patient is, before his final admission, inspected by the honorary physicians or surgeons of the institution, or in their absence by the resident surgeon, to see whether the case is an admissible one according to the rule already mentioned, tt may very well be, too— and indeed it is very often the case — that the infirmary is to full of patients as to render it impossible to admit tny but those whose cases are of the verr greatest i urgency. Tinder such circumstances the rejection of I many whose claims to admission would otherwise be I readily allowed is an unavoidable, although most I painful necessity. The institution has been long over I crowded, and the directory have been for nearly two I years past trying to get an additional wing erected. I The out-patients must also be recommended by a I duly qualified member of the society. Every possible ?aie is taken to prevent abuse by the recommendation I of improper persons ; but there is not, in the case I of these patients (as in the case of persons I who seek admission. to the Infirmary), any restriction I as to numbers. The district surgeons decide on the I reception and discharge of out-door patients — each I dealing with those in his own district. Persons duly I recommended for admission to the Infirmary, and | eligible for such admission, yet kept out of it for want 3 of room, are dealt with as out-patients until— should ? there be room for them while their illness lasts — they I tan be admitted. I Besides its uses as a public charity, this institution I must, as we shall presently see, be of great service as I a school for medicine and surgery. Or, if not as a 1 school, in the strict sense of the term, as a place where I the practitioner and the student may acquire much I professional knowledge and experience. I Subscribers to the amount of £2 or more annually I are styled governors of this institution. Donors to I the extent of £20 or more, in one sum, are life I governors. The physicians and surgeons of the in ? firmary, so long as they continue in office, are I governors. There are three classes of life governors ? ' besides subscribers of £20 or more. 1. The minister I of any congregation contributing, during his incum I bency, £ 50 or upwards, by one or more collection ser ? mons. 2. The first-named trustee or executor under ? any will paying to the institution a legacy of £50 or ? upwards. 3. Such person as may be named and ap B pointed by any society which may subscribe to the B funds of the institution £30 or upwards in one sum. I Governors alone are eligible for election to the ? directory of this charity ; but all subscribers of £1 or ? more can vote at the elections of directors and of ? medical officers. Those contributing £1 annually ? have a single vote ; contributors of £2 annually, have ? two votes ; contributors of £5 and upwards ? annually, have three votes. Life governors ? contributing (or representing donations of) ? £20 and less than £50, have two votes. B Those contributing (or representing donations of) ? more than £50 have three votes. Subscribers and ? governors residing at a distance of ten. or more miles ? from Sydney are entitled to vote at the annual meet R ing6 by proxy, but no contributor can vote, either ? personally or by proxy, who has not been a subscriber ? for at least thiee months' preceding the election, at ? which such vote is tendered. ? The office-bearers of the society consist, according ? to the constitution, of a president, one or more vice ? presidents (there are three at present), two joint ? lecretaries, a treasurer, and twenty-four directors, g who with the before-mentioned office-bearers, and ? others to be hereafter mentioned, constitute the ? general directory. One-fourth of the ordinary mem ? bers of the directory retire annually, but are eligible ? for re-election, the six members retiring being the ? individuals who have attended the fewest meetings ? during the year. The Colonial Secretary, the Speaker, ? the members of the Legislative Assembly for the City ? of Sydney and County of Cumberland, and ? the Mayor of the city, are ex-officio directors of M the institution if otherwise qualified. The honor B. SO' medical officers of the Infirmary have ? the privilege of attending and giving their ? opinion and advice at all meetings of the directory. ? No director is at liberty to supply any ar icle for the ? use of the institution for which he may receive pecu ? niary compensation. ? The directors meet monthly, or oftener as occasion ? way require. At present they meet oil the first Mon m flay of each month, at 3 p.m. Five members of the I 2ifectory *°rm a °tuonujl f°r the dispatch of business. fae directory 16 the governing tody of the institution. The immediate management ef the Infirmary is vested m the ' weekly committee,' already mentioned, which consists^ of not fewer than twelve members, chesen. by and 'from the directory immediately after each annual meeting. Three members of the weekly committee form n quorum. This committee meets every Monday at noon. The meetings both of the directory and of the weekly committee are held at the institution. I, The Sydney Dispensary — out of which the institu tion now under discussion first originated — was esta blished in the month of August, 1826, in the premises J' Pitt-street, now known as Moore's Labour Bazaar. ?Ihe objects and operations of the Sydney Dig pen6ary were substantially the Bame as those j °» the dispensary branch of the present charity, I The only public hospital then existing at Sydney was a Government establishment. Few, if any, patients other than convicts were treated there. As time passed on, however, and the free population greatly increased, the necessity for some hospital conducted as nearly as might be on the same plan as similar institutions in England became mere and more felt. In July, 1846, the building in Mac quarie-street, now used as the Sydney branch of the Royal Mint, was transferred to the Dispensary Society, which was then re- constituted. From thenceforth the charity bore, as at present, the name of 'The Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary.' This building accommodated sixty patients. On entering into possession and commencing operations a staff of officials — honorary and salaried — was ap pointed. The general management of the institution was vested, as it still is, in a directory. The first di rectory was composed of the following members: — President ; Mr. Alexander Macleay. Vice President : The Bev. W. Cowper, D.D. (afterwards Archdeacon). Directors: Colonel Shadford, Mr. W. Hutchinson, Mr. T. Broughton, Mr. J. Cowlishaw, Mr. J. Hume, Mr. (now the Hon.) George Allen, Mr. T. Iredale, Mr. H. Macdermott, the Rev. R. Ross, M.D,, Mr, Moses Josephs, Mr. Samuel Lyons, Lieutenant M. Moriarty, the Rev. R. Allwood, Mr. Robert Hender son, Mr. John Rose Holden, Mr. T. W. Bowden, the Rev. John M'Encroe (now Archdeacon), Mr. Thomas Hyndes, Captain Dumaresq, Mr. John Brown, Mr. John Challis, Mr. Felix Wilson, the Rev. J. Fuller ton, L.L.D., and Mr. T. W. Smart. Hon. Treasurer .- Mr. T. Woolley. Bon. Secretary: The Rev. John M'Garvie, D.D. The honorary medical officers were John Macfar Jane, M.D., and George Fullerton, M.D., Physicians ; and Mr, Charles Nath-w and Mr. Fatquhar M'Crae, Surgeons. The salaried officials of this institution were Mr. William Houston, resident surgeon; Mrs. Baxter, matron; Mr. Baxter, house steward ; and Mrs. Ghost, nurse. The latter was appointed matron in 1862, on the death of Mrs. Baxter, In 1855 the Honorary Medical Staff was increased by the addition of one physician and one surgeon. In 1862 it was further increaesd by the appointment of an additional physician and surgeon, and the medical staff connected with the Dispensary branch was increased to six. Almost from the first it was found the building transferred to the Bociety by the Government scarcely afforded sufficient space for the demands for admis sion. At the latter end of 1848, therefore, the maia building in Macquarie- street, now occupied, for, the purposes of the Infirmary, and which had been formerly used as the convict hospital, was handed over to the society. This building contained accommoda tion for 115 to 120 patients. For a time this sufficed but the pressure continued to increase, and the new infirmary soon, became as overcrowded as the old one. In 1858 a wing was erected at the south end of the original building, running east and west, and affording accommodation for 72 more patients. Some other additions have been since made, but the accommoda tion is still fax short of the demand. ————— C# S' 