OLD BOYS. (TrOAI t? 6o?rdoy a-?e?J A married old boy is a painful and humiliating object. He is often, without knowing it, afformdlng much amusement to his wife as to any one sle, for as no man is a hero to his yoke-fellow, the effrmtof the old boy to figure killingly in strange eyes most strike those of his lawful spouse as singularly ridicnlom and ineffectual. Old boys are the last to comprehend this; they are not aware of the hopeless, dresy contempt winch women entertain for the husbands who prose -alse to their love, or their ambition, and how q~istly they can enjoy the dishonest airs end grimaees which the elderly fool puts on for others in their prasenee. Often, too, when matters grow notorious, the slighted lady has coluola~os of which the world and the old boy are ignorant. What does she lose in him P We have nothing in our social state so eontemptible as the married old boy. He is so otterly and an irri tatingly at variance with our notions of whht an old man ought to be, that if we were not aceestomed to the character, we should regeard it as positivey mon strous. The horrible anecdotes ons of those dolards will tell you after dinner or in the smokingrosm will die. gust you more with humanity then if you mee fresh fmroading an account of Swift's YThoos. When he has grown sons or daughters he is, if pssmble, more revolting. Before them we will not consive him offensive, but we have seen a married old boy poli tively order his eldest son out of the way hile he sat mumbling before a young girl, and picig ot doating compliments, which, it may be remarked, are current coin with old boys. To note those fine felonws dod dering about the freshest flowers in.a ball-room is an amusement calculated to try the temper. "We .are. not to bc misunderstood, them areold gentlesien with _ wives and without, with whom the spark of real C chivalry so quick, and who are ready tofetob, to carry, to run, or to bow, with a faithful and touching defer ence, which may fairly challenge the yeunpgst squire of dames to a rivalry at least foraplare m alady's good graces. In them we read a lesson which our generation might profit by; in the others we read a lesson too, but it is a lesson like that which thb Sreek child learned when the Helot aso mad to ilnustrte the warning addressed to him. To be ax o?ld boy is really an awful fate. The very nsmepimile ean un natural conjunction, to be old without the'wlidom of ege, and young without the attraction4 oyouth. There is a weird story repeated by MAd p.dbo?_ Plto. Accountiug for ghosts appearing in cohnurhyards, the Spectator used a supposition of the phiosophier's who conceived that those who died with eroes and unsub. duad desires, when freed from the body werem snished by a perpetual longing, and an utter imppthnoe to repeat their pleasures. In the miserblb-tfort to nosses the body the?g haunted the ursaenS ?avss. Sc hardy imagmne a more dreadful torture then this, and it seems to have been specially invnted for the punishment of old boys. We may tate it for granted that the oudjtionsef old boyhood is the sequel of a misspent mahood. Earnest workers or tlinkers become quiet fimilymen, who wait calmly until the scene closes on thbai And even amongst those who are of the baehfforpsrsta sion there are not a few honest tralmp khm'b'etr ex hibit old boyism. Old boys aremesslysh-iu~tpatod, to add to their other charms. They slawof?bes for music or pIinting, although they maty preehfl go into ectacirs over "Faust" or -Iy Second ermon." Books delight them not, but they deps eon news papers and club goseip. It is the wotmogtlSy those evil piertres which are sdvertissd--4ir ?, to write it--in uglish journals. Old boyd?lini into "lyFinishes," and patronise Oyder Oellas.C rLse tatke private boores for beilet Purfoemaneea." t:hbsar the chimes at midnight. It is for them chisflythtleoie songs are composed. They are an sangniaeltel disreputable raen, and the women ebsuld ?bst their faces against them. They ought to?ulwobstan old boy seldom marries, and that if hb does, bdt'isaina his old boyism, they ae in for a wreahediiusenee. To those who are ready 'to accept any oldlsoy with money we have nothing to aye and to thboe who permet the innocent atteations of nsoh ajuenile with a view to making him pay for them, we need ociy say that their taste, not to mention self-respeo?t? ques tionable. But ladies ought to give the old boy the cold shoulder. He assumes their talesnWb as a license, and books in it. For his own sake ha ought to be stirred up, and sent ofe'"He is liviIn a daty dream, to whioh a sorry awakening is in storeforhim. If alsdy wonts to id hersecfof anoldisij, lthor only ever so slightly press the corn of his age a5d the thing is done. Let her speak at the top oher voile to him, as if he were deaf, beg ofhimto restfentyJ when ascending a hill, request him to sit bbi the draught between the ?keyhole and the irplies, in quire after his cough, or exerise any otleresueind ness, and the old boywill disappear. Wejeseetour fair readers with thoese Imple recipes,.butt ould not limit their ingenuity to them. 