CONFIRMATION. Altho' baptised a Catholic, Right glad I ought to be That there's another sacrament To rouse the Faith in me ; For though 'tis such a lovely Faith, Perhaps if I were tried, I might not have the strength to die As holy martyrs died. Saint Peter was a noble soul WIio loved his Master well, Aud yet, upon that awful night, Thro' craven fear ho fell ; , , And all the scared Apostles fled, ? Afraid of sneer or frown, And never dared to speak, until The Holy Uhos-t came down. The Holy Ghost, with all his gifts Of -willow, love, and fear — His fccvon bii^hb gifts that heat the heart, And light iho mind so clear, Thai; hd a iu.uk upon the soul That ne'er will fade or flee, But shine out like a star in Ileaven, For countless ho&trf; to see ! But would it not be over sad, - If by some hidden sin, I missed the seven-fold title of grace ' The Holy Ghost will bring ? ' And if the sign, the awful sign, Upon my sou] should be, A mark to bring God's judgment down, With s-uicr stroke on me ! With what a long and fervent prayer Did Clni&l;'.i owji Mother try To lift her sinless .soul to meet The Spnit [rom on high ! And Cb.nirtVAiiOE.tles duly came, Aud gtithurod round her there, When Ft-ill they wailed day by day, In .solitude aud prayer. And I, a weuk and sinful child, Shall I ru.sli lightly on, Where holy men, with bowed heads, ? And tumbling hearts have gone ? ; And will I not sit still at times, And think what fruit to draw From the wise coun&cls; that I hear About God's holy law ? And will I not tell all 'my sins, And keep my conscience clear, At least from every wilful fault, Through love as well, as fear ? And oh ! will I not pray and pray, Where none but God can see, The Holy Ghost to come with all His seven-fold gifts on me ? ?Whit Sunday. . ' Marie. — St. Louis Guardian. , ? . ? ??_._? .. .. .. ? ! ? — . i National Wit. — Italian wit is highly drama- I tic, spontaneous, and genial. Among its proverbs J are : — 'The dog earns his living by wagging Ms , tail.' ' Make yourself all honey, and the flies ? will devour it.' ' The smiles of a pretty woman i are the tears of the purse.' 'He who takes an ! eel by the tail, or a woman by the tongue, is ' sure to come off empty-handed.' The charac- ' teristic of Spanish wit is excessive stateliness. Of their proverbs : — 'He who has nothing to do, let Mm buy a ship or marry a wife.' From many children and little bread good Lord deliver us.' 'A fool is never a fool unless he knows Latin.' French wit is characterised by Unesse, brilliancy, dexterity, point,- and brevity. In repartee the French are unrivalled. Their con versation is not only an art, but a fine art. In punning they are unequalled. In no literature are there so many proverbs which speak dis paragingly of the fair sex. ' Man is fire, woman is tow — the devil comes and blows.' ' A woman conceals only what she does not know.' ' To get chickens one must coax the hen.' 'Scratch people where they itch.' A New Invention. The sweetest thing out is 'plumpers' for the hollow cheeked damsels. They are made of porcelain, pear-shaped in form, .flat on one side bulging out on the other. They fit on the inside of the cheeks, giving a round plump appearance ; hence, doubtless, tsheir n^me. 