DEMOCRACY. -«. {To the Editor of the Pall Mall Gazette ) Sir,-An English friend of mine, Mr. Matthew Arnold, seems to have rushed into print with an idea or two he picked up from me when I was in England, and to have made rather a mess of it ; at least he sends me some newspapers which have answered him, and writes me a helpless sort of a letter at the same time, asking me how he is to parry this, and what he is to say in reply to that. Now, I have a regard for this Mr. Matthew Arnold, but I have taken his measure, and know him to be, as a disputant, rather a poor creature. Again and again I have seen him anxiously ruminating over what his adversary has happened to say against his ideas ; and when I tell him (if the ideas were mine ) that his adversary is a dummkopf and that he must stand up to him firm and square, he begins to cry, and tells me that what is probably passing through his adversary's mind is so and so. I see your hideous truss manufactory in Trafalgar-square comes up in this controversy, and that very manufactory brings to my mind a ridiculous instance of my poor friend's weakness. I had been running through with him a few of the principal violations of æsthetic laws in London, illustrating the lesson by reference to the stucco palaces of my beautiful Berlin. After dispatching the Duke of Wellington's statue and the black dome and grey pepper- boxes of your National Gallery, I came to Coles's manufactory. " Can anything be more atro- cious?" I asked. " It is bad," answered my poor friend; "and yet he went on, "and yet,Arminius, I have a tenderness for that manufactory. That manufactory, with other things in London like it, is one of my favourite arguments for the immortality of the soul." " What folly have you got in your head now ?" said I. " Remember," said he, " what is told of the statue of the Olympian Zeus by Phidias. It was life enough to have seen it ; felicity had then reached its consummation ; the spirit could grasp no more, and the man might end. And what, then, I ask, must not be in store for the British ratepayer, who in his life has only seen the Duke of "Wellington's statue and Coles's truss manufactory ? His felicity must surely be yet to come. Somewhere, beyond the grave " . . . . . and for a good twenty minutes my simple friend went on with stuff like this, which I will not weary you with any- more of. I, Sir, as a true Prussian, have a passion for what is wissenchaftlich (I do not say " scien- tific," because then you English will think I mean I have an interest in the sea-bear, or in the blue lights and smells of a chemical lecture). I am, I say, wissenchaftlich ; I love to proceed with the stringency of a philosopher, and Mr. Matthew Arnold with his shilly-shallying spoils the ideas I confide to him. Therefore I write to you myself, to tell you (since I like your nation for the sake of the great men it has for- merly produced and of its brave-hearted in- dustrious people) where the pinch of the matter for you really lies. It lies here ; you have " kein Ernst, der ins Ganze geht." You peck at the mere outside of problems ; you have not got your mind at work upon them; you fancy they will solve themselves without mind, if only you keep making bottles, and letting every one do what is right in his own eyes, and congratulating yourselves at the top of your voices on your own success. "Individualism and industrialism will in time replace Coles by a worthier edifice," says one of your prophets Not without an "Ernst der ins Ganze geht," I answer. Not without "Geist" and faith in "Geist," and this is just what your individu- alism and industrialism has not got. " A self administering community is surely an ideal. " That depends entirely on what the self adminis tering community is like. If it has " Geist," and faith in " Geist," yes, if it has not, no. Then another of your prophets asks, "Why should 'Geist' care about democracy ? Demo cracy is government by the masses by the light of their own vulgar tastes." Your democracy perhaps, but this is just what makes your weakness ; you have no demos, no people, but " masses with vulgar tastes " The top part of them are in training to be Philistines like your middle class, the lower part is a rabble. Your demo- cracy has not yet reached even the idea of country, the friends of your northern workmen tell us they read American newspapers, and care more for America than for England. No wonder, they have never been quickened by an "Ernst der ins Ganze geht," the only baptism that makes masses into a people, they have never been in contact with " Geist," only with clap trap. To abate feudalism by providing that in one insignificant case out of one million land shall not follow the feudal law of descent; to abolish English church rates because the Eng- lish Dissenters are strong, and to spare the Irish Church Establishment because the Irish Catholics are weak, to give a man leave to marry his deceased wife's sister, to give a man who lives in a particular kind of house a vote for members of Parliament—that is the pabulum by which the leaders of your people seek to develop "Geist" in it, and to awaken an " Ernst der ins Ganze geht " If this is not spiritual enough, as a final resource there is rioting in the parks, and a despotism of your penny newspapers tempered by the tears of your Executive, to hasten the growth of English democracy in dignity and intelligence The French are not solid enough for my taste, but, God in Himmel ! that people has had a fire baptism, and the democracy which is born of a fire baptism like theirs " Geist " cannot help caring about "Nature and reason ! " cried the Convention orator, " these are my gods," and these madmen, if you like, set about remodelling society on the principles of nature and reason. If you want to know how they went to work, read the records of the National Assembly for one single sitting-the sitting of the 4th of August, 1789 In that revo- lution was an "Ernst der ins Gans geht," which makes the masses, who have felt it, into a people and into a power in the world for ever after Ihey were unripe for their task, and yet by the strength of "Geist" and their faith in ' Geist" this " mere viper brood of canting egotists " did so much that they left their trace in half the beneficial reforms through Europe; and if you ask how, at Naples, a convent became a school, or in Ticino an intolerable oligarchy ceased to govern, or in Prussia Stein was able to carry his land reforms, you get one answer : the French ! Till modern society is finally formed, French democracy will still be a power in Europe, and it will manage to have e active leaders at the Tuileries and not only in Cayenne. It will live, though the classes above it corrupt; because it Ins faith in " Geist, ' and does not think that people can do without Geist" by dint of hold- ing monster meetings, and having their Star and Telegraph every morning, and paying no church rates, and marrying their deceased wife's sister We Prussians, Sir, have, as a people, no great love for the French, because we were blown into the air by the explosion of their "Geist" some sixty years ago, and much quarrelling and ill blood followed. But we saw then what a power the "Geist" in their democracy gave them; and we set to work to make ourselves strong, not by a sort of wild fire baptism of the mass, but in our steady German way, by every man doing the very best he could with himself, by trusting, with an " Ernst der ins Ganze geht," to mind and not to clap trap, by culture. I see your Thrasybulus, Mr Bright, before he retired to his Phyle, declared against culture ; he is for the spiritual development of your de mocracy by rioting in the parks, abolishing church rates, and marrying a deceased wife's sister, and for leaving your narrow and vulgar middle class (of which I saw an incomparable specimen in a Reigate train when I was ever in England) just as it is On the other hand Mr Matthew Arnold writes me word that a club has just been formed among you to do honour to the memory of that great man, Richard Cobden; that this club has taken for its motto, " Peace, Retrenchment, and Reform," and that these words, by a special command from Mr Cobden's ghost, are to bear the following interpretation :—" Peace to our nonsense, retrenchment of our profligate ex penditure of clap trap, and reform of ourselves " Whether this is true, or merely a stroke of my poorfnend's so-called playfulness (Heaven save the mark !) I do not feel quite sure , I hope for your sakes it is true, as this is the very thing you want, and nothing else can save you from certain decline. Do not be astonished at the aristocratic pre- fix to my name , I come of a family which has for three generations rubbed shoulders with philosophy -Your humble servant , Von Thunder-ten-Tronckh. Berlin, July 31st, 1866. 