THE LOAFER. No. IV.— The Political Loafer: In this, my last paper on loafers — an unpleasnnt but a necessary subject to deal with — I have to treat of the loafer political ; the achme, the ultim tkule of all the loafing fraternity. It is certain that distinctive and positive qualifications have to be possessed by this peculiar tribe of the genus ; quali fications which, in themselves, have to be admired in an abstract sense, but when applied to those things which Lord Robert Montague, in the debate in tne ungiish Mouse ot Commons upon the recall of Sir Charles Darling, designated as 'dodges,' such qualifications are contemptible as to their ex ercise beyond measure ot endurance. The political loafer must be possessed of a fair presence, a smooth tongue, a bland smile and no money: He must to prepared to argue upon the ' rights of man' prin ciple, or any point touching the freedom of the ' masses.' He must vehemently hammer forth his indoctrinated ideas up to' a certain point, when the barometer of his virtuous meaning and sense of right will take a sudden stand, and the qttieksilwr will have to be moved by quicker gold ; especially when he gets into the Parliamentary haven. It ia of such men who have got into the House of As sembly, and who are now jBtyled M.L.A's. [ffooi initials, bv the wav. nf-M«nv T,na finer Attributes! that I would speak. Even now I have before me paragraph after paragraph from up-country news papers, complaining of the non-payment of elec tioneering accounts, such non-payments in some instances justified by the plea of 'privilege'— contemptible plea as it is. _ I will try and sketch the political Joafer in his true colors. It must be assumed that by the ' political loafer' I mean a sample of those queer individuals who have been ' pitchforked' into the House of Assembly. They are ready for any thing from pitch-and-toss to any. ultimate given or or ungiven point; This particular class of loafert is by no means idle. He always has a nest some where in Melbourne, and he knows extremely we' how to feather it. On an important debate night he is something wonderful in blandness and cour tesy to a ' constituent' (God help him !) who has accompanied him to the House. Seated in the ' strangers' gallery,' the confiding constituent looki upon the Assembly as something of pure and classic development, and watches his pet introducer with intense, not to say severe, interest. He sees him loll about on the comfortable cushions, ana notes his tones and gestures with a sanctity of pur* pose almost pitiable. Presently the M.L.A. dis appears; it may be to the refreshment rooms, per| haps, but I would not vouch for that exactly Certain it is that he returns more radiant in smiles, fresher in appearance, and more confident than ever. By and bye be essavs an amendment, or asks some questions of an «« officer of the Crown. In either case he is a little confused — but never mind. The constituent is in glory, and he walks down Bourke street positively arm in arm with my beloved M.L.A. , and they have supper somewhere, and sundry 'nips' afterwards, for which my beloved would not insult his constituent by offer ing to pay any share ; and the evening winds up in chaos, out of which my political friend arises in the morning headacheless arid smiling as ever. But ah ! the deputations ! they are the things to bring the 'political' to his true bearings. A bustling up-country Quidnunc writes down to the jW L.A. in Melbourne ; telegraphs down ; sends down in all possible ways, and at last, lo ! and be hold ! there will appear two men, erect, on two legs each, in fear and trembling approaching the lodg ings of the 'political.' He is, of course unpre pared for their reception ; nevertheless from the papers strewed about, the blue books displayed, (confound 'em, I say, and- that's mild !) he mubt have been studying political economy ; and that plan : why, Sir, the very plan referring to the water supply the ' Deps' have come down about ! Who would have thought it? Singular coincidence! Only shews the measureless interest taken on be half of those who entrusted him with an entity of governing power. Or, perchance, the deputation [nay have something to urge about the granting of a mining lease, and then, Oh 1 my goodness ! oil and anti-friction grease can hold no comparison with the smooth blandishments of my dear ' politi cal.' ' What is wanted V ' Who is to be seen ?' 'Where shall we go first 1' 'Have you any ap pointmentsi' These are queries uttered with effipllBl'C eariiesuieBis anu lan^iuiui'jr ui |fuifjuBc. The deputation are rejoiced, they mentally 'clap their hands and are glad,' but would be guided much by the advice and assistance of their distin guished representative. At this stage of the pro ceedings a certain point is gained. With a look of intense sagacity, finger on nether lip, and a little ambulatory cogitation, the suggestions are discreetly made and the plan of operations laid down smoothly but meaningly. First of all they must enlist the to operation of another M.L.A. (also a P.L. of coutse). He is a 'a little rash may be,' but a « good fellow ;' then visits must be made to the Minister of Mines, Minister of Lands, Minister of Justice, and the cafe, undoubtedly, in some course of the proceedings. The deputations appear and ere received in a dignified but courteous and well meaning manner by the Mining Minister ; they are rather snapped at by the Minister of Justice, and as has always been the case so far as I have heard, patiently listened to by the Minister of Lands and Works. Promises, with all the necessary diplo matic qualifications, are given and, in the main, the deputation achieves success — but certainly attri butable to the M.L.A's. Then, ' Will either of them accept an allotment of shares in the projected company, to be started upon the basis of the lease V No ! never will they sell their precious privileges for paltry gain ! In their own names, that is, but if so many are retained in the name ' Huggins and Co.,' it may possibly turn out that they will find an owner when the time of profit comes. The political loafer is a genius of his own order, and deserves the greatest possible credit for his pra tical and persevering ingenuity, and his honest (and truthful) reliance upon the expanding principles of his constituents, who live a long way off, and only apoearin twos or threes like money-giving meteors, at long intervals. 'Oh! World! World! thou art but a shallow soup- plate after all !' There is yet another branch of the subject that I must, in justice to a fixed intention, yet touch upon, the testimonial branch ! This is a splendid part of the thing, and merits every attention. If the M.L.A. is a martyr and has been singed at the political stake, then is the time for some active, in dignant, and energetic friend to start a ' testi monial.' Blarney, of course, is set aside ; stern and realistic representations have to beaded upon, and ' the man ought to be ashamed of himself who would not shew his sense of the upright, manly, | {^dependent, concise, and persevering conduct,' etc., etc., of ? -, the recipient of the testimo nial. Banquet — without the ghost of Banquo— fol- lows on ; purse delivered ! cheers ! emotion ! num two! clouds of appropriate 6moke, and scene closes opon a capture of two or three hundred guineas for a year or so, or until the good time again shall come. That there are loafers in all grades of society, hone who know anything about the world, will dare ..to deny. Thackeray, in his glorious 'Book of Snobs' has drawn them in rough and rugged, but truthful forms, in every shape. His snobs are, to some extent, our loafers; but we have an especial atmosphere of Snobdom in this country, and, as I am bound to breathe it, I must say something about it in the time to come. Habeat vital, We take the following from the TaVbot Leader. u The Talbot Court of General Sessions for May, opened on Tuesday, and by dint of sitting up to half-past seven o'clock that evening, His Honor Judge Macoboy was able to get through the list by the following night. There were six persons tried. John Jones, for robbery from the person, committed et Mrs Drake's shanty at Kangaroo Flat, was ac quitted. Ah Sing, for a similar offence was found guilty, and sentenced to nine months' imprisonment with hard labor. Joseph Sherwin, for stealing moneys, the property of Mr Dennythorne, was acquitted. In this case the Crown Prosecutor sought to reply to the defence made by Mr Hoskins in his speech to the jury, but the judge discoun tenanced the attempt, although he admitted that the Crown could claim the right, but he thought it was a right more honored in the breach than in the observance. The Crown Prosecutor therefore bowed to the wish of the Judge and said nothing in reply. David Mihangel Davies, for robbery from the person of Reuben Lyons, in the Imperial Hotel, Ballarat-street, was found guilty, and the mitigated sentence of six months' imprisonment with hard labor passed upon him, several respect able residents of the district having given him a Rood character. Michael Tulley, for assaulting an Italian at Majorca, a few weeks since, was found guilty of common assualt, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment. His Honor stated it was the duty of the law to put a stop to such cowardly proceeding as that he had been guilty of, and there fore he passed upon him the full sentence the law permitted . Joseph Tatham, who pleaded guilty to robbery from a dwelling, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. His Honor Judge Macoboy presided ; C. F. Nolan, Esq., prosecuted for the Crown. Two jurors named Pheelan and Wade were fined for nonat tendance, but on their giving satisfactory explana tions of their absence, the fines were remitted. I A letter from Naples mentions the release of the 1 ^ Swiss who were carried off' from the gates of Sa lerno by the band of the brigand Manzo. The captives consisted of M. Wenner, the son of a wealthy manufacturer at Salerno, his tutor, and two or three other persons. 14,000 ducats were paid for them. Value the friendship of him who stands by you In the storm. Swarms of insects will surround you in the sunshine. Fidelity, good humour, and complacency of tem per outlive all the charms of a fine face, and make . its decay invisible. A woman may always be a judge of the estima tion in which she is held by the conversation which b addressed to her. 