LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH, WOGIXOOMOOLOO. The lemnd&tisn; etone of the Anglican Church of St. Peter was laid on Tuesday, at noon, by his Excellency the Governor, Sir Jehu Young. There was a very numerous eoneoorse of persons assembled to witness the ceremony ; i end same of the children belonging to St. James's and St. Michael's schools, aB well as a portion of the choir of St, James's, were present to assist in the singing. The ate of the church is at the comer of Ann-street and Sonrke-street, near the intersection of tbe latter by Wil liam-Etieet. The style of the church is Early English. The building is to be erected vnolly el etone, in massive blocks from the Fyrmont ?quarries, the base course being twenty- four inches in height by twenty-six inches on the bed, and the foundation will rest on the solid rock. The dimensions of the churoh are Length, lOS.feet ; width, 78 feet. The front elevation, facing Bonrke-street, will hare three gables, the centre one being forty-five feet high, exclusive of the bell -turret, which will surmount it. There will be an entrance-door in the centre, with wrought and carved pillars, lancet head and label, with a triple lancet window over, and a trefoil light above. On each side of the doorway there will be a corresponding triple lancet window, with an oval-shaped light above for ventilation. Tbe design of the east end is similar to the front, there beingalargetrjple lancet window lightingthealtar. The side facing Ann-street will have an entrance-door and jiorcb, with three well- finished double lanoet windows on either side. The north side of the chnrch wQi be lighted by seven windows. There will be massive buttresses at the angles «f the walls and between the windows, while the gables will be nrmounted bv a bold coping, and there is to be a cross on the turret. The roof will be open, and will be constructed with three rows of Gothic arches, traceiy, &c; , extending from 'the .gables in the front to the rear. There will be three rows of iron columns supporting the arches, and dividing the -middle of the church into three aisles, these being again intersected by corresponding arches at right angles from the columns to the side walls. The aisles { will be paved with-blaek and white marble tiles. Mr. O. H. Lewie is the architect, and Messrs. Newland and Son are j the builders. Bis Excellency was accompanied by Lady Young, Lord John Tajloar, and the Hon. E. Deas Thomson, M.L.C. The following clergymen, habited in their surplices, as sisted the Bishop of Sydney at the ceremony : The Dean of I Sydney, Canon Allwood, the Revs. T. Hassall, E. Rogers, Vf. Stack, T. O'Keilly, G. H. Moreton, W. Allwood, H. S. King, T. Smith, W. Lumsdaine, 'W. Gnnther, T. Bayden, C. B. Cave, W. F. Creeny, and Z, Barry. Ihe oeremony began with the 132nd Psalm, which the Bishop, the -clergy, and the people repeated by alternate verEes. Tbe Rev. Canon Allwood then read from the Gospel of St. Matthew, at the 14th chapter, from the 13th to the 19th verses, and the Bishop repeated the collects for St. Peter's Dav. and for St. Philip and St. James's Day. j The Governor, 'having assisted to place the stone, declared ?' I lay this as the foundation and comer stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named St. Peter's Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the pure word of God, and administration of the sacraments according to the order ef the United Church of England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The Bishop added : ' The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon ue : prosper Thou the work of nor hands upon us : O prosper Tnou our handiwork: for the sake of 3?ljy Son Jesus Christ. Amen. The bottle placed in the cavity of the etone contained copies of the daily papers and theChurch Chronie'e, some current coins of the realm, end s statement of which the following is a copy : — 'TMb foundation stone of St. Peter's Church, for the preaching of the pure word of God, and administration of the sacraments according to the order of the United Church of England and Ireland, was laid &y; his Excellency ths Eight Honorable Sir John Yonng, JC.C.B,, Governor of New South 'Wales, on the 1st day of May, in the year of our Lord 1866. - Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Brilsin. The ?Sight Reverend Frederick Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan. Building com mittee : Bevs. Canon Allwood, B.A., Incumbent of St. James's; ThomasiHayden, M.A., Incumbent of St. John's; G. H. Moreton, Incumbent of St. Petet'c ; Messrs. Chaiies Martyn {deceased lApril 25), 3. P. Kcckenzie, 'William Hemming, trustees and wardens of St. James's ; James Gordon, treasurer of-St. Peter's; Alderman Oatley, M.L.A., Otbom Ottley, Charles Sate. Messrs. Kichard Johnson, attorney ; Oswald'H. Lewis, architect ; Kewlond and Son, builders. i The Hundred th Esahn, new version, wae then sung, and the Apostles' -Creed and the Lord's Prayer were afterwards said by the Bishop,: the dergy, and the peqple. Two other prayers were read by the .Bishop. Sir Johx 'SfouNfr said-ihat he wished th&&nty; of making an address had fallen ;£pon some of the clerical gentlemen whom be saw around faitn, and who would hare been very much more competent, to discharge it thanjie could pos ablybe. But, «she had been asked to speak oa the occa sion, he willingly consented to do so. In, eneiant times when a band -rf eilizena-ect forth from any, .Grecian or Roman community to bund a new settlement, or to push their fortunes on chores ; distant from their Jiatiw land, it wss their invariable custom- to take with th%qa-priest, a part of the fire which they-onsiderei savrad,,^nd all the means of celebrating the rites to which they had,heen ac oietomed; and fcy ihat they showed their wverenoe for their religions obvenvasces. ' -JJaw, it would be a.pity if we who held the tenets of .a /.purer faith, and ,,wtlked in the light of the Inspired Oracles, which ,waa not ?'vouchsafed in their time, andJt.would be unbecoming, wore Te to lose onr reverence -ar the religion which we prp&ssed.; i However, from any reproach,. of fthe kind those srgrq free whohad taken on active £-art in foKrarding the preparatione JorJte ceremony whioh Jiad this day been performed, jtnejr.reverence was riuwsi bv the foundation Ehich.we. ii^d tpiien a part in laying. .There was certainty ..some! Teeembbnce between this .district, and a new colony, for, i althonrii it was not upon a .distant -afcore. or widelf aepa-! ^ated froia the rest of New Sooth he had yet heard Wat little more than fifteen jtears ago, all this ground where' *te ncw stood was without a bouse ancLnntenantcd. Since Vat time numbers had pouted Sa. to opevpy it. The census -t 1661 stated that the population of. thejiuburban distccts ?nad increased At the rate of thirty per. -pent, in every five years ; that to say,- within ififteep fl'ears or less the population had doubled. Freucitis ojRiobservation he ^Sflire that tiis increase had been Urgely felt in wowloamooloo, for since his arrival five years ' ago he had seen large gaps in the etreets ,&led; up, and! nonscs erected one lifter another, and &ig; maojtifceted a very ! peat increase in tbe population. It -ras only right that the people thould ,hs followed with 4 be ordinances of wugion. Ju laying t he foundation ef this cliorch there was ehowp a desire to do eo, and be was confident, that the ^'se who took an interest in the undertaking would be realised throngfe.the exoellent ministrations of the 1 Kenueiaan who was .tejpreside over the district. (Bear, war.) His diligence had teen shown by ths visits which made so zealously, the instructions he gave, attd the icotares he prepared, with a view to detach his oongMjjation ir Pifssifa, and of attracting them by innocent in ttrncoan from, it jnight be, haunts of evil report. All these ?JJhgss-ere exceedingly praiseworthy, and he had no doubt JMtthiywmiM be foUbwed by the best effects. (Haftr, ww necessary they were might bo judged of by ttie 'Ports which had bee n made, not merely upon Sydney bat ,T° v? 0 ^fowded towns of the oolonies ; and although tha mtiabitants of those towns might be free from much of the fp-Jpirg inisery, from tfo cold and tho want which beset the poor m Europe, and e'ven from that competition whioh S? ™ tP dow? tbe prices of wages in old countries to the i,vIv'-n?1-Dt — aHhough f bey were free from the tempta Jjons induced by extreme p.*mnry and suffering, yet still Ti-'X WPre e,Poped to other . and peculiar temptations, we veh « genial and a beautifrU climate, but it brought both young men and girls to an early rj4tur|ty) and they became exposed to temptations incid^ t0 their condition before they bad gained experience. , ^yagee were si high as to place the comforts of life wi'^n the reach of moil, and msny were exposed^ to dn^ger8 int0 which they might ruinously fall. Against jiese dangers, this church and the minister who had ber^ appointed to it were a kind of safe guard ; andhebpja no doubt that they would turn out to Ee eo, because the only safeguards were to be found in sound teaching and religions instruction. He was oonfident that Mr. Moreton would inculcate on all occasions to his congregation that the main principle for them to consider was virtue and rdigion, the condnct of life and of morals, the science of governing \- their tempers and of keeping their hearts under oontrol. 1 Virtue was undoubtedly the only true happiness of man, and virtue waa to be found alone in good actions emanating from sound principle. Our external actions were within onr power, but it remained for us to acquire the principles by which to regulate onr hearts, to moderate the passions and affections, and to keep oarselves free from those influences of vice and of avarice, of malice and ot oovetousness, whioh were too frequently found; to clear ourselves from these,, tt that we might be free from those vices which produce a wrong frame of mind, for, from that, wrong frame of mind j emanate all mistaken pursuits, all wrong views, and pretty ! well all the nnhappiness of life. This ceremony in which we had been engaged, solemn ana interesting as it was, had, he had no doubt, been witnessed by many among the bystanders with watchful hearts and yearning hope. (Hear, hear.) Se trotted that those hopes would be realised, and that the im pressions which the ceremony had made would dsopfen in after years into thankful gratitude as the results which might be fairly expected from this undertaking developed themselves in the morality and right condnct of the con gregation,— in their regulating their lives according to the dictates of sound teaching, and according to that truth which is displayed in the Scriptures. (Applause.) The Itev. G. H. Morbton said that fcr more than seven or eight years there had been an «arnest desire felt on the part of many members of the Church of England to eeo a church erected in this populous part of the city ; but, in consequence of Church extension in other parts of the city and country, it did not appear to be time to begin this work until two yean ago. Mr. Charles Kemp had pressed npon him in his dying illness to do all he could to have a church erected in this part of Woolloomooloo ; he had felt the work t« be exceedingly onerous, bnt by God's .blessing npon tbe efforts of the few earnest men associated with him, the work had prospered eo far. Oar intention is to build a churoh, the sittings of which will be entirely free ; thaf tbe churoh may be lite the heaven to which it will lead — wide open, and free to ail to enter in. He hoped that every -church yet to' be erected would ecrve to explode the system of pew rents. We had taken tke first contract for £1760, and we nearly saw our way clear for the payment of this amount. Mr. Moreton concluded by in viting his heaiers to contribute towards the election of the church. The Bishop of Sydnby said that he should not be oon tent to allow tbe company to separate without expressing his gratification at the proceedings of the day. He was also de sirous to express the obligation which we all who were interested in 4his undertaking felt under to the Bev. Canon Allwood for the lively interest he had taken in a design of this character. His (die Bishop's) recollection of the necessities of the district ef Woolloomooloo ex tended to a period before his consecration, when, bsving the privilege of meeting the Rev. Canon Allwood in England, he bad strongly im prefsed npon his taiind the want of this particular locality. Since his arrival in the colony, St. Michael's, with its parsonage -and its schools, had been 'completed, and St. John's was nearly finished and ont of debt. We had now advanced 'into the veiy heart of this locality, and we were here to raise a citadel for the defence -rf Divine truth against the world, the fleBh, and the Devil. He felt sure that the Bev. Mr. Moreton would justify tin opinion of the late Mr. Charles 'Kemp, and that hereafter, if life should be pro longed, we should have to congratulate tbe community npon -the proceedings of this -day successfully carried to their proper termination. It was certainly a great addi tion to the gratification of the day to know that this chnrch was to be free to the population, 'that every labouring man would find here his suitable .accommodation, but it was a higher gratification to him to 'believe that in this place Christ and Bis Gospel wonld 'be set forth. He assisted at this eeremony in the joyful anticipation that this church would prove the source of unnumbered blessingB, — that to many individuals who shall 'hereafter worship within its walls it will be none other than the gate of heaven. A collection was then taken ; and the proceedings were cloned with the benediction, .'pronounced by the BUhop of Sydney, ? 