COUNTRY NEWS. BALLAARAT. A correspondent of the Ballaarat Star writes as fol lows to that journal : — :' The adage that ' misfortunes never come singly' is at present receiving a distress ing verification in the cose of a family at Happy Valley named M'Lellan. The father and his sons, thret young men, followed business as carters. On Saturday, 20th January, the eldest sop, William, got his skull dangerously fractured by a kick from a horse. It appears that the animal is well-known for its' vicious propensities, on account of which the other members of the M'Lellan family had deter mined on discontinuing to using it in harness, and were intending to turn it into tne paaaocK lor breeding purposes. - Unfortunately, William M'Lel lan thought to give the horse another trial by taking it in charge himself, but in spite of all his precau tions he got severely kicked on the arm. Nothing daunted, however, he continued to persevere in hie efforts, till he received the injury mentioned, tlu brute having struck him while taking it out of the waggon. Dr. Foster,' who wae called, found the skull fraotured, and at the outer angle of the right orbit, portions of the bone driven in, three pieces of which had to be removed. There were also several severe oontusions on the right side of the head. The doctor states that the sufferer is getting on as well as could be expected under the circumstances. To the foregoing, which is of itself very pitiable, has to be added the case of the youngest brother, Alexander M'Lellan. The three brothers were at the Happy Valley New Year's, sports and wero success ful competitors in various athletic games., Alex ander, however, having overheated himself in the contests, caught cold, and got a stitch in the left side, bnt remained at his work, thinking the pain would wear away^ Eventually his breathing be came difficult, and Tie consulted Dr. Foster, who discovered that a large quantity of fluid had become effused in the sufferer's left side, necessitating an immediate operation. The dootor, assisted by Dr. Joi dan, performed the operation of paracentesis, ? or tapping the thorax, and drew from the receptacle the enormous quantity of eight and a half pints of serum, the Bufferer thereby obtaining instant relief. The consternation and distress of the parents may be imagined when, a week after that date, and when worn out with watching and nursing the youngest son, they saw the eldest, the mainstay of the family, carried into the same room with his skull fractured. It is almost unnecessary to state that the case has elicited deep sympathy. . It is gratifying to add that the youngest son, Alexander, is considered out of danger.' A fiee, whioh probably will be attended with fatal results, is reported as follows by Saturday's Bal laarat Star : — ' About two o'olook, on the morning of Friday, 26th January, the family of Mr A. Orr, Slaughter-yard- hill, were awakened by the crackling of flames, and on looking out, perceived that an outhouse, situated a little distance from their own dwelling, was on fire. Mr Orr and a number of the neighbors were soon on the spot, and exerted themselves most vigorously to extin guish the fire, which they at length succeeded in doing. One of the men, named Stewart, was known to have been asleep in the house, and not seeing anything of him, it was supposed that he had perished. He was, however, found a little distance off, where he had crawled after getting out of the place, and was at once conveyed to the Creswiok Hospital; but is bo severely burned, some parts of his body being literally charred, that no hopes are entertained of his recovery. The origin of the fire is at present unknown.' A lamentable and fatal occurrence took place on the evening of Saturday last, at Derwent Jack's. The Ballaarat Star says:— 'Mr Henry Boardman, manager of the Cape Clear Gold Mining Company, had been in Smythesdale, transacting business in connection with the company's affairs, and in the evening was returning home on horse back, accompanied by Mr Buchanan and Mr Dineny. At the place referred to, one of the horses, it is stated, started off at a gallop, when Mr Boardman's also went off, and a stump of a tree being in the way, the animal fell over it, pitching the unfortunate man to a distance of several yards. The horse also fell. Mr Boardman came to the ground on his head, his neck was broken, and be never spoke. The body was removed to the Alchymist hotel to await the inquest. The said occurrence is deeply regretted in the district, the deceased being well known and yery much respected. He leaves a wife and children to lament his untimely end.' The late rains somewhat interfered with the work of securing the crops, but we learn from the Ballaa rat Star that 'Stacking operations are now being prosecuted vigorously in the country distriot lying around Glendaruel, Coghill's Greek and Learmonth; and, the moon being now at the full, the work is in many places prosecuted during the night. The late rains having softened the ground, ploughing is al ready being commenced in some places, and, in the eourse of & fortnight or so, it will probably become general in the distriot. The thrashing machines are now busy at work, and, generally speaking, the yields per tore continue very goodf, although in some few oases we have beard that anticipations have not been altogether realised.' GEELONG. The following acoount of a destructive fire is given by the Oolao correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser :—?' On Wednesday last, a fire broke out in Mr Hugh Murray's home paddock, within a short distance of the outbuildings and haystacks. The wind freshened up at the time, and in spite of the exertions of all available assistance on the pre mises, including ladies and domestics, the fire spread rapidly. Fortunately, the wind was blowing from the buildings and stacks, otherwise they could not have been saved. About forty minutes after the fire commenced, there were at least fifty assistants busily engaged in combatting with the destructive element; and in an hour there were at least one hundred and fifty. Before the fire was sleaked, two hundred acres of Mr Murray's paddock was burnt, as woll as a similar quantity of Mr Austin's home paddock. A great quantity of the fencing of both paddocks has also been destroyed. Had it not been for the roads the fire would in all probability have extended to Birregurra in a few hours. A number of men were kept on the look-out the following night, as a large number of trees were still burning ; in fact, all danger will not be over for at least a week to come. The origin of the fire is attributed to one of the station boys smoking. Scarcely had the fire been extinguished, when a largo party started for the forest, where an extensive fire was raging, apparently not far from the purchased land, but it transpired that it was still in the scrub. However, to be on the safe side, Mr T. Murray, with a number of men, thought it advisable to watch it all night. On the 'V--- following day, additional hands were on the spot and with great difficulty prevented any serious damage. The falling of burning trees can be heard for a great distance, and until we have had a little rough weather it will be dangerous to travel over the burnt ground. For several days we have been enveloped in a cloud of smoke, or rather nights, which is worse, owing to the wind blowing from the forest.' The inquiry at the Geelong gaol into the manner in which a prisoner named Reynolds became pos sessed of a duplicate of a master key of the prisoners' cells terminated Wednesday. The details cannot be submitted to the public, as no reporters were allowed to bo present, but we learn that the governor, Mr Brodio, has been exonerated from all blame in the matter ; also, that Irwin, the turnkey, who was suspended on the statement made by Reynolds, to the effect that it was he who supplied him with the key, has been completely cleared of the obarge, by the manner in which that prisoner gave his evidence when examined by Mr Sturt, who declared it to be totally unworthy of credence. It has also transpired that no evidence has been given sufficiently clear to lead to a direct charge against any turnkey. Yet oir cumstantial evidence was elicited leading to the belief that one if not two of them had a guilty knowledge of the manner in which Reynolds became possessed of the key. One thing is very clear, viz., that on Reynolds's trial at the last sessions, for goal breaking, he manifested a very bitter . and vindictive feeling towards Irwin. Public rumor has it that the whole matter is a conspiracy to injure Mr Brodie, arising out of another investigation whioh was held in the gaol several months ago, when a Mrs Stains, a matron in the female department, on being desired by Mr Brodie to undertake some duties she. objected to, brought charges against him which led to the investi gation, resulting in their being -found to be Rround leBS, and her own dismissal from the Government service. On that occasion many of the present turnkeys were examined, some taking Mrs Stains's part, and others the governor's. Since then a very bad feeling has existed amongst them, which will eventually lead to the removal or dismissal of those most in fault. . At the police court, Geelong, on Monday, Henry Hansom and Henry Kinehan, small goods men in the employment of Mr Webster, butcher, were com mitted for trial, at the next circuit court, on the charge of robbing his premises of five gallons of oil. From the evidence of Mr Daniel, ironmonger,' a neighbor of the prosecutor's, it appeared that, for the past seven months, he had been in the habit of . buying neatsfoot oil from small goods men working for Mr Webster, they representing to him that the oil boiled from the trotters and offal was their perquisite. He gave them the full market value for it — 6s per gallon. The oil was brought openly to his shop in the day time, and was weighed by himself or shopmen. Both prisoners, in reply to the bench, .._, stated that, when when working in other establish- ' .j ' ments, they had the oil as a perquisite, and on en- /? toring Mr Webster's servioe, were 'told by the workmen that the same privilege was allowed them ; that they took the oil openly, and all the men on the premises knew of it. ? At the county court, Goolong, Thursday, Mr M. J. Cummins, late candidate for South Grant, was sued by Mr T. A. Bidders, late proprietor of the Geelong Chronicle, for £10 damages for breach of contract. Mr Sidders deposed that Mr Cummins agreed to give him £20 to act as his agent at the election ; that he commenced operations, but that Me Cummins then backed out of the agreement, after whioh he, Mr Sidders, was debarred lrom making engagements with other candidates., Mr Sidders had three licensed victuallers in court ready to give evidence as to the oontraot, but Mr Cammins not appearing either personally or by attorney, the examination of one, who corroborated Mr Sidders's evidence, was deemed sufficient, and Judge Brewer awarded the amount with £3 8a 6d costs. The Geelong Advertiser of Wednesday remarks : — ' The late rains have had a most benefioial effeot upon vegetation. The slopes around the Bay are assuming a verdant appearance, and the grass upon the town common is springing with a rapid growth ; but this is more particularly perceptible on the common on the river, flat belonging to the borough of South Barwon. This will rejoice the hearts of the oowkeepers, and enable them to make butter again, and avail themselves of the present- high prices. The trees and plants in the Botanio Gar dens are again looking most luxuriant, and the rains have freshened up the kangaroo grass, which now presents au excellent crop. This species of grass stands ,the dry weather better than any other kind, bdt it is now getting scarce throughout the country, being a perennial and seldom allowed to go to seed. It is fasc disappearing, although if the land lies idle, it soon reappears and spreads with rapidity. The late copious rains have been very general throughout this and the neighboring colo nies, whioh will convert a barren waste into fruitful pastures. The rains have oome most opportunely, now most of the grain orops have been garnered. The prayers for rain have been answered by a bene fioent provideaco, and a feeling of thankfulnesa pervsdes all classes.' A Question for Farmers.— We had presented, yesterday, a sieve full of grubs. ^ They had been gathered from garden soil in Meroer-Btreet by the use of a rake, from ground that had not been cul tivated before, but which had been manured from dung heaps, some portions of whioh had been stacked for two months, and then spread for a crop - of peas, which proved a failure. Then the ground was dug over again, and mangold plants were put in, and they disappeared in two nights. This created surprise, and the ground wob dug over again, and where the manure had been most thiokly laid there were the grubs most abundant. la two yards square no fewer than two thousand grubs were found. Now comes the question : These grubs have not been seen before ; the ground has not been manured before ? When manured the grubs appear. /? Suggestively it may bo submitted that the manure baa not been properly digested, bnt prematurely spread before fermentation had coased ; still begging the question, and it is un'1 important one to agricul turists, it may be aBked whether the application of crude manure does not tend directly or indireoily to the production of animal life ? In the virgin soil of this oolopy there is, comparftUvtly, so animal life, save a;few ?' ground crickets ' and suoh liko.- When tl the soil is first tinder cultivation there is no lack of en fforms, snails, slugs and grabs, that come oat ' from ri where ??,?' and there w the question whioh the sieve a fall of grabs is the incentive to asking. Perhaps e some of oar philosophical friends may elucidate the ti question. Whatever the origin of the scourge, it is n b cause for the^kfulness that they have not destroyed r the cereal ergps, and that the devastation has been local. — Oedong Advertiser, February 1. a . ; SANDHURST. 8 '?.?...:. : :? ? : ? . ? ? v An accident of a fearful nature and attended by a very serious consequences, bat whioh fortunately j has not proved fatal, took place on Friday last, at the t Hostler's Reef. The Bendigo Advertiser famishes t 11 the following particulars; — Pour men named re- \ speotively Patrick Lynch, Henry Cornish, Patrick B Corrie, and James Stevens, were at work on the t backs at the bottom level, and were .pricking out of a the reef a shot whioh had missed fire about half an hoar previously, when the blast exploded. The j consequences were disastrous, and it is probably owing to the fact that the men were standing side- j vyays to the reef, which they were working upwards, j bo that on, the explosion the: stone fell below them, ( that they, were not all killed upon the spot. Ab it ] was, the left hand of Lynch was blown completely £ away, and the arm so frightfully lacerated that it j had to be amputated above the elbow joint ; ( Cornish, was injured about the face and ] eyes,., on both his arms, and one hip.' We are happy to say, however, that though the ( injuries are serious, they are not dangerous. Corrie and, Stevens were both injured, bat not severely, about the hands and eyes. The four sufferers were atonoe taken to the hospital ; the latter two, how ever, after their injuries had been attended to, re- i turned home. - It is said that some one employed in '. the mine told Ljnch to use a hammer in pricking ] oat the shot, and it was immediately after the first '. blow with this the explosion took place. The men i state that the manager was not present at the time, . and knew nothing at all of their proceedings. They blame themselves only, and attribute the acoident entirely to their own carelessness. We were told, on making inquiries at the hospital, at a late hour last night, that both the patients who remain were progressing favorably. Lynch, who is mostiDJared, and who will be incapacitated by his misfortune from following his occupation in future, is a married man, having a large family.' Anotheb fatal mining acoident has. occurred at Bendigo. The scene ef the catastrophe is Moon Beef. It appears from the Advertiser that 'About half- past eight o'olock on Monday morning. a blast was let off in the level near the new eighty feet shaft, where the men are rising on the backs. Shortly afterwards Joseph Oglethorpe and — Crosier went down. to clear away the stone blown down. They had only commenced to do so when some twenty tons of staff fell from above the blast, completely burying them. The noise of the falling stuff, and the stifled cries of the buried men, alarmed the miners working in another part of the claim, and they immediately ran to render as sistance. Setting vigorously to work, they suo oeeded in about .twenty minutes in getting oat Oglethorpe, and in abeut an hour Crozier was ex tricated. In the meantime Dr. Sorley had been sent tor, and w,aa on the top of the shaft when the men were drawn up. He found Oglethorpe bruised and considerably shaken, but apparently not dan* gerously wi^Mded, and he was ordered home. Grazier, hc^Jver, was found to be seriously injured, and was ordered to be at once taken to the hospital. A cab was procured, and he was conveyed to tbat institution, where, on examination, it was found he had sustained a fracture of the left wrist, and dangerous injuries about the groin and pelvis. Ogletborpe states that uo blame attaches to the manager, or any one, as it was one of thoao unfore seen aooidents that no amount of precaution can guard against. Crozier had only gone to work that morning, having just come up to Bendigo. He had : previously been living at Campbell's Creek, near Castlemaine, and has a wife and five children depending upon him. We were told last evening, upon inquiring at the hospital, that Crozier died about an hour after his admittance.' ; III treating the Chinese. — At the borough police court, yestorday, Mr M'Laohlan, the police magistrate, fined two boys named Hexton and Headen, and a man named Hare, £5euch; or, in the case of the two former, imprisonment for fourteen days, and in Hare's case, twenty-one days' imprisonment, for assaulting and ill-using two Chinamon, near the Star and Garter Hotel, Back Creek, on Sunday week last. The punish ment, whioh was no doubt rather heavy, will, however, operate .as a salutary warning to others. The practice of ill-using every unfortunate China man who is met in the streets by a crowd of men and boys disposed for mischief, has lately become very frequent; but when it is seen that the' magistrates are determined to punish the offenders so severely, it will be the means of checking such brutality. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 27. , Iiabok Yield of Gold. — The yield of gold for the la--t crushing of stone from the Adventure Com pany, Victoria Reef, amounted to 1311 oz 5 dwt. The larger proportion of the gold was taken from a very small quantity of stone, about three or four tons only .?r— Bendigo Advertiser, January 29. A Cobioub Case of Alleged Encboaohment. — At the warden's court, yesterday, the case of Murphy v Man Foo, one of alleged encroachment, was deoided. It had been adjourned twice, the circumstances being peculiar. A portion of land at Epsom had been set apart as a reserve, and was generally understood to be reserved. Applications by several persons were made to be allowed to mine on this. reserve, and presently a proclamation made by the Governor in Council appeared in the Gazette, giving permission to mine on the ground under the usual conditions. The complainant had complied with these conditions, and Iris claim had been re gistered accordingly. The warden at a former hearing had adjudged that he bad jurisdiction only as regarded tho waste lands of the Crown, and therefore no jurisdiction in a case of euoroaohment on a reserve. The caso ,waa adjourned, however, that proof of tho reservation might bo pat in as evi dence, ; It had since bean found that, though it had been intended to reserve the land, the nooessary step to do so had not been takon, and no reaord of ft muda. Tho warden yoateiday, therefore, do fidod that th(^ proclamation of the Governor pro vidlug fQi'tb.vyoplUug of it as a vo9»-vud ground Wbi«h hnd aavsr been oowally mervad was uat-Jioa, fi&d; that tha .oompluksaut1!* register was void. Had lbs gfatind baun a *aSMVi}, tbo oeiaplainaut frould it Ate y^uira^oul^ hii jrpgiBtry ts- ositUle -M» te jo claim, but it not having been so, it became ne- . pr Basary that he Bhould be the holder of a miner's j m ight, and he not having been the holder of a right j pr t the time of the encroachment, his old one having gi rpired, and his present one not having been then iken out, , tho warden ruled that no encroach- st lent had been proved. — Bendigo Advertiser, Feb- n( nary 1. p, ' A Beautiful Meteor was Been, last evening at v- boat ten o'clock, and although the fnll moon a| hone brightly it was as brilliant as a rocket. It hi pas first seen in the western sky at an angle of ol bout 43 degrees, and for some time made aslant- al ng descent towards the cast, when nearly over- in lead, however, it took a horizontal coarse across ol he space until becoming fainter and fainter it was w ost in the far distance, while still bearing at an . w ingle of about 20 degrees from the horizon. The tt ime the meteor was visible mast have been fully rt \\. minute.— Bendigo Advertiser, February 1. A3 Accident. — A rather serious acoident ooonrred w o Constable O'Brien, in charge of the Axedale H )olioe station, on Saturday last. He was engaged, n riong with Constable M'Kenna, in erecting a new ' juilding near the station, and in the performance tl -f some portion of the work M'Kenna was using a a arge hammer, striking a bolt whioh O'Brien was ° steadying against some portion of the timber of the a juilding. M'Kenna, in the aot of striking a heavy ; slow, missed the bolt, and the hammer came down e leavily on the other man's groin. Medical aid was o sailed in, and the injuries found to be so severe, tl that last night O'Brien was considered to be in a b langerous state.; — Bendigo Adi-ertiscr,J a.u. 30. fl CASTLEMAINE. ' ' J A Sad Accident, writes our correspondent, befel q some parties, well-known residents of Maldon, on t Friday, attended with very serious, results to at ^ least two of the namber. Early in the day, Messrs j, Ellis, Tate, Braddon, Wright, Morris and Woodful a started from Maldon in one of those four-wheeled ^ American carry-alls, and when proceeding sharply j, along the road in the direction of Castlemaine, the j king-pin, as it 13 termed, broke, causing the wheels to jam, aud taming the vehicle completely over, and on the top of: the unfortunate passengers. Mr Wright sustained a severe laoeration of the thigh s by an iron bolt, Mr Braddon had two ribs broken, \ is otherwise much injured, and in great pain. Mr e Tate was severely cat in the head, and stunned for £ a time, but has fortunately had no bones broken, t The others of the party escaped comparatively un- ' hurt, only much braised and stiff and sore from the ' violence of the fall ; and when one considers the 1 oircumstances of the case, the wonder is that any i should have escaped acathless. — Daily News, * January 29. . . ? i The Tarrengower Times says : — ' The Chinese ' manufacturers of spurious gold have re-commenced ' operations in this district, and gold buyers will do ' well to be on the qui vive. The samples we have ! seen are in excellent imitation of the genuine metal, and requires an expert hand to detect its '? spurious nature. The component parts are gold, ? silver and copper ; and this spurious imitation is I worth about 17b 6d per ounce, according to the evi dence of Mr Eitkland, the Government analytical chemist. This substance is mixed with genuine ' gold in such quantities as bringB the whole parcel up to the value of about £2 per ounce. One Chinese, on Wednesday, for attempting to impose on Mr Warnock, was sentenced to nine months' im- prisonment ; and at Newstead, on the same day, another Chinese was similarly dealt with. A debtkuctive fire is reported to have ocourred, at about two o'olock on Wednesday morning, in the store of Mr Gilmore, of Golden Gully, Fryer's Creek. It appears from the M. A. Mail that ' The building was a very large weatherboard one, with a dwelling house, containing several rooms, at tached, and of similar material. The inmates con sisted of Mr Gilmore, his brother, and two or three other persons. They were awoke by the crackling of the burning store, and had barely time to escape with their lives. In consequence of the progress the flames had made at the time the conflagration was discovered, it could not be said hi what part it oommenced. The store, with its contents, were entirely consumed, excepting two barrels of gun powder, removed at the most imminent risk of life. Those residents in the locality, so soon as they be came aware of the calamity, were anxious to afford all the help they could, bat under the circumstances nothing could be done by them. The store of Mr Finney, in close proximity, was for a time in great danger. We are informed that the destroyed store and stock were insured for the sum of £900.' KYNETON. Sudden Death.— An inquest was held at Gis borne, on Thursday, upon the body of a man named Joseph Morton, who died very suddenly at Mrs Campbell's house on Wednesday afternoon. From the evidence of Mrs Campbell and an engineer named Solomon, it appeared that on. Wednesday afternoon deceased, while at work, suddenly staggered, but recovered himself sufficiently to walk to the house, where he laid down, saying he would soon be better. He, however, got worse, and had convulsions up to eleven o'olook, when he died. Mr Campbell went into Gis'borne about six o'clook to try and procure medical aid, bat was auable to do so, as there was no medical man within eighteen or nineteen miles. There was found on his person a Bible with the name of Joseph Morton, underneath which was written ' A gift from his sisters Freda and Mary,' dated 1866 ; a letter, beginning ' My dear Joseph,' and ending 'your loving sister, Leila Livingston;' several envelopes addressed to. these persons, a watch, chain, and key, and a purse containing £2 63 in cash. From the evidenoe of Dr. Preshaw, of Castlemaine, who made the post mortem examina tion, it was ascertained that enlargement of the heart from natural causes was the cause of death. Dr. Preohaw stated that the heart was almost twioe the actual size, and some of the valves were so thin that it was a wonder that it had oarried on its proper functions bo long. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with this evidence.— Kynston Observer, January 27. TALBOT. : The Talbbt Leader states that 'A valuable lead of gold was struck on Tuesday in another paddock between Talbot and Amharst. A short thno ainco a party of miners entered into arrangements with Mr Potsrson to work hia privato property, whioh adjoins the Arnuowt Gemotery, and lion to tha uouta q! My Dauu's working*. Thin party, on Tuuadqy, bottomed a abaft al 19 feet,, near Uto centre of tho jm&dook;, and found two loot of wash* dirt, yifclJlujj about 1 dwt of odarao gold to the ijtsh) Vhero are 18 acres iu tbp paddook, and tb« 'ospect obtained proves that a good lead of gold su ust pass right through the centre of it. The im ospectora have seenred a lease of the whole or 'onnd upon very favorable terms to themselves.' ab A fatal acoident, under somewhat singular ciroum- ric ances, happened at Mr Pascoe's Woodside Farm, ty sar Talbot, on last Saturday afternoon. ' It ap- *oi sars,' says, the Leader, ' that Mrs Pasooe disco- mi sred the absence of a little girl named Ellen Smith, ex ;ed only a year and a half, and of whom she has ea id charge for seme months past. Having seen the ha lild only a few minutes previously, she felt no co arm, but went to the door to look for her, on open- w- tg whioh she was horrified at discovering the legs in f the child hanging over the sides of a small tab, th hich stood near, the face being immersed in the °° ater it contained, of whioh there was not more 0 -an about six inches. An alarm was immediately used, and every means were resdrted to by Mr and [rs Pasooe to induce respiration. The efforts made ^ ere continued for a long time by Dr. Carr, who jt rrived shortly after, bat without avail, the child tc ever breathing once after its disoovery. An inquest ^ 'as held yesterday by the coroner. Dr. Dow, when jj le above facts were elicited, and the jury returned C( verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, amely, that death was caused by asphyxia from rowning.' . A Frightful Accident happened on Wednesday vening, about five o'clock, to a boy about ten years _ f age, son of Mr Bournemann, a miner,' residing on h& Goad Woman's-hill. The boy was amusing j* imself chasing a horse belonging to Mr Bartlemore, l, rhen tbe animal kicked him violently on the face nd shoulders. When Dr. Dow was called in he ouud that the wounds were of a serious nature. , -ne was three inches long, and penetrated quite j, hrongh the cheek, exposing the gums and cheek* x ione, while another had laid a portion of the cover- ' ng of the eye open. There were also several severe .brasions about the forehead and side of the head. Although severely in j ured, Dr. Dow entertains strong lopes that the boy will ultimately recover. — Talbot r Leader, January 26. THE OVENS. I Chinese Superstition. ' — It has been clearly i- iscertained that the late fire broke out in a hat o vhere a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged him- ^ lelf; this, and certain other mysterious oiroum- I itanoe9,have evoked the grim features of Mongolian £ superstition into intense action, and the devil is ^ universally accused of setting fire to the camp. I The hut of Ah Lay Ty, from the time of his death, i aaa been regarded with profound awe, every neoes- s jary- observance having been praotised to keep it clear i From evil spirits, but without effect, as it has been * nightly haunted, not by the deoeased, but by a t legion of ghostly apparitions, alleged to be imp3 of t the devil, who has potent influonoe over the locality t of a saicide, and continues in possession until tbe t troubled spirit of the deceased is finally exorcised. - Up till a few days before the conflagration no person would venture to ocoupy this hut, although Ah Gin, a brother of deoeased, offered it to any comer ^ gratuitously. Every nights lamps have been kept ] burning within ita dismal shades, and tbe choicest food j has been spread out on the table, but still the \ restless spirit of Ah Lay Ty disturbed the watchers , of the night. Often the forlorn hat has been offered , to any poor travelling Chinamen arriving at the , camp hungry and swagworn, and without a place of , shelter, and as soon as these learned its history they - have invariably decamped wich the utmost alaority , and dismay. But two or three days before the fire ( one Sin Tin and some others oaine to the camp in a i terrible state of wretchedness and want, and were ' persuaded to take np their abode in the haunted ? dwelling. They did so with great fear and trem- ] bling, and as they continued night after night un harmed, it was believed tbat Ah Lay Ty was at rest. Bat when it was told by a Chinaman that on the outbreak of the fire he saw the devil and Ah . Lay Ty rising with the flumes as they burst through j the roof, all were convinced that the fire was an act of vengeance by the evil one. The dwelling in ' which the late detective Appoo died was regarded ' with a similar superstitious feeling. Although his death was caused by consumption, yet Mb antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing ' him to have been addioted to trafficking with the devil ; and from the time of his death till Sunday ? last his late abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, aocompanied by those unholy spirits with whom be communed in this life. XJader these alarming circumstances, it was felt that a great atonement was necessary, and it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exor oism to appease the angry spirits. Accordingly, at daylight the gongs struck up their discordant clamor, and the reverberations of the crackers con tinued all the morning ; the people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devotion, that in the afternoon it was declared that the spirits of the departed were at peace, and universal joy pre vailed. Appoo's house haa since been occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slum bers have suffered no disturbance. — 0. andM. Ad vertiser, January 27. An Electioneeino Speech at Snowy Creek. — The mining representative for Omeo, Mr Newnan, while addressing the ' free and independents,' of Snowy Creek on behalf of Mr Orr, observing a squad of his countrymen approaching the polling booth the day of the election, referred to the Ministerial policy in the following terms : — ' And now, gentlemen, I aBk you is it not really lament able to observe this Scotch Cabinet carrying then* national predjudices with them through constitu tional law and order, and mixing them up hi this tariff, they have the oanningness to conceal from publio opinion for the present? Gentlemen, they have positively asserted that an import tax of forty-five shillings a gallon shall be laid on pure Irish whiskey, while they silently permit of that horrible lipothymous h'quid poison, bearing the Highlander's brand, being allowed into the colony ' Scot Free !' ' It need soaroely be added taat the voters, for whom this pieoe of eloquenoe was specially intended, instantly rushed into the polling booth and recorded their plumpers in favor of the ' chosen f :oe trader, Mr John Orr, — Ovens and Murray Advertiser, January 27. MOLIAGUL. A Fatal Accident occurred at Molingul on tho 19th inst., to a man named Franoi* Gtllan, u store* koepor, residing at M'Intyre'a, It appoara that two men, named roapootivoly B«lohor aud Dowsou, wovo returning to M'lotyro'fl from Paoolly on tho day moutioaod, oud wliea about & mlla a half fvoaj Moltaaal, tbo cUooasod in Company with a man turned Sislopi overtook them ou borsahaoki They steppsd to jpaak tp JJeJohe* and} Dftttwa } ttfeoa ddenly the deceased said, 'Here's off,' and mediately started away at a furious pace. Two three moments afterwards bis herae was seen . oat three hundreds yards distant, bat without a - ler. The deoeased was subsequently discovered , ing npon the ground, a short distanoe from the ad. Near him was a sapling, whioh bore the ' irks of having been uprooted very recently. On amining the deceased it was found that his right r had been almost severed in two. His cheek ,d also a wound upon it. He was perfectly un nsoions. The man was conveyed to tbe Ingle iod hospital, the next day, where he expired. An quest was held upon the body, when it was proved at death was caused by depression of the brain, nsequent npon the injuries received. — TarnagttUa ourier, January 27. ? WARRNAMBOOL. A memoeial, signed by 400 of the inhabitants of 'arrnambool, praying that tolls might be no longer aposed in that shire, was presented on Wednesday | the Acting Commissioner of Beads and Bridges, |r,Mr W. Bayles, M.L.A., and Mr F. L. Smyth, [.L.A. Mr Sullivan promised to give tbe matter jnsideration. . PORTLAND. The Ballot-Box. — Two letters which appeared i the laBt number of the Julia-street free trade rgan are such an outrage on publio deoency that 0 think the Government should institute an . inq uiry to ascertain whether our returning officer and ae scrutineers appointed at Portland elections ara le perjurers, which, ' one who acted as scrutineer,' rould lead the public to suppose. -This scribbler tates : — ' The electors may depend upon it, that ow each man vote3 is unmistakably known after lie eleotion, and that the ballot box is no protection s the unscrupulous eleotor.' That is, in other rords, when coercion has been exercised to make an lector vote contrary to his conscience, this writer, ;ho has acted in the past as scrutineer, from expe ience, states the ballot box is no protection, that he electors may depend npon it that how eaoh man otes is unmistakably known. This statement is a Lbel on the returning officer, and every man who ios had any connection with eleotions here, and is lirectly at variance with the spirit of the ballot, ?hioh presumes that how every man votes ib only :nown to himself. Are the returning officer and the gentlemen who have hitherto aoted as scrutineers filling to acoept as a troth as regards Portland, that low every man votes is unmistakably known ? or, f false, will they not take some steps to bring tha inonymous libeller to justice? Bat if the return ng officers and scrutineers are indifferent to their epatations, will the public, who are interested in he sanctity of the ballot box as a protection, not ake some steps to establish the trath or falsity of he allegation — tbat the ballot box is no protection ,o the voter ? We pause for a reply. — Portland Guardian, January 29. WOOD'S POINT. A barefaced attempt at impersonation is reported x) have occurred at the late eleotion at Wood's Point. The offender is a man named Jeremiah Elyan, who attempted to personate aa absent eleotor, [or the purpose of voting for Patrick Perkins, one }f the candidates for the Murray district. On the norning of the polling day, Ryan had voted in the name of John O'Neill, and, subsequently, in the afternoon, again attempted to vote in the name of . John Stringer, when the fraud was detected by Mr Coster, scrutineer for Mr Orr, another of the candi dates, and Ryan was immediately given into custody. ' It is worthy of notice,' remarks the Wood's Point Times, ' that Ryan stated to the arresting constable he had been promised to be pulled through anything tie should do.' BTVEBINA. A few statistics of the borough of Echnca, fur nished by the town clerk, who has prepared them in compliance with a request from the Regiatrar Greneral of Viotoria, are published by the Riverine Herald. From them it appears that the estimated population of Echuca is pat down at 1500 souls, imd the estimated value of property within the nine 3quare-miles on which the town is built is £65,410, of a gross annual value of £18,082. The revenue derived by the council has been £564 9s 2d, and frem other sources £1155 16s 6d, the total receipts being £1719 5s 8d; and the disbursements £1453 5s 6d. A Snake in the Blankets. — A timber-splitter, on the bank of the Murrumbidgee, a few miles from Hay, feeling inclined to solace himself with the weed, which he kept in his bed ready cut in a bottle, was not a little surprised the other day when he put in hiB hand to get the tobacco, to find a black snake in possession. His hand came in contact with something unusually cold, and as it moved he started back, and bis snakeship un rolled himself. The snake made off, but was overtaken and despatched ; he measured over four feet in length. People cannot be too careful of these deadly reptiles, which seem to be particu larly fond of warmth and blankets, and, if we mistake not, tobacco. The habit of keeping to bacco hi bed, if it did attract the snake, has been the means of saving life ; for through this very fact the venomous creature was discovered. Getting into bed with one of these pests would be rather awkward ; the very thought makes one's blood ran cold. — Biverine Advertiser, January 31. GIPPS LAND. Some rather interesting particulars of the career of a sharper are given by the Gippa Land Tunes of Taesday last. The Times says: — 'We have apparently got more to learn of the talents and transactions of Loxley, the accomplished * Jeremy Diddler', who so recently graced Sale with his pre sence and a speoimen of his powers. In our- last issue we left him hi hot haste after the Melbourne coach, whioh he seems to have pulled up at Rosedale. There he managed to pay his fare to Melbourne with another ' flakey' cheque. On arriving at Mel bourne he went straight to Messrs Dalmahoy Campbell and Co., and there representedthat he had just arrived from Gipps Land ; that he had a mob of cattle on the road, and on the strength of this modestly solicited an advance of £100. Messrs Campbell and Co., however, took the preoautian to telegraph to Messrs Pettit, Macartbur apd Co., Rt Sale, and instructed Mr Loxley to ' call again.* In the meantime Mr Anderson had returned from Bairnsdale, whore he bad prenontod the ohcqa* 1 given to him by Loxley for the jewollary, end wtu informed, as was espooted, tnut thero. t?o?o ' no funds.1 Tho reply scut to tlaa telegram was from Gaptain Sludo to bavo Uto gotaUemsa orrostadi 68 there Wove warrants eljGady atit tm eta sjipyelio&Sie;&i; Whether Loxley haa ? called a^ula' amS urti ftlt& hU deaBfU doss &ot; appaar, but Vfs dottbl bdt hjd ^iJJ Boca be is sait kwplag.1 ' ' .'' ? 