Select Me. THE SLEEP-WALKER: OR, U 9 7 lEEBBSA'B TTtlflT.fl, CHAPTEB LHI. BY MES. OORDON SMITHIES,' Author of " Our Mar?," "The Woman In Black;" eu.ete. OH ! if the jealousdid but know how odious tbey make themselves to those whose love they most covet, "and how they poison the happiness which, in their calmer moments, they are most .eager to promote, they would Burely endeavor to trample under foot the bosom snake whose trail'is over every flower, of their lives, and those of their dearest ones. Theresa, never certain for a moment that her most innocent actions would not awaken all the madness of her husband's jealousy, was beginning to regret the days when she had felt no dread of a scowling brow, a pallid. cheek, a contracted lip, a flashing eye. Yes, she now would gladly have recalled those halcyon dayB when she. did and said what she pleased, with no restraint but that of her modesty and rectitude, and when 6he never knew the misery of feeling awkward and ungracious, because she was quite at ease, and could indulge to her heart's content in her greatest'pleasure, namely, that of pleasing. There is a general impression that passionate people are seldom sulky; but tbe fact is, that they are generally sulky in proportion to the violence of their passion. Poor Lady Theresa retired to the' small cell allotted to her, with her heart full of a bitter wrong. Sir: Arthur had presumed almost to command her, as if she had been a silly child, grossly to affront the benign, pood-tempered, and withal dignified monk of St. Bernard, who had so amiably asked her for another cup of tea, aud who had excluded himself from the pleasant sociable evening they had all spent together, in order to devote .himself to solitary duties of the noblest Christian character. The more Lady Theresa pondered upon her. husband's manner and conduct, the more exasperating and unendurable did it seem to her. As she sat down on her narrow bed, and breathed in an air that seemed to freeze her vitals, justKB Sir Arthur's unwise and causeless jealousy was freezing her affection, heartily did sho wish herself once more Lady Theresa Tauuton. For the first time since their marriage, the young bride had laid her head upon her pillow without his blessing in her ear, his kiss upon her lips. " Ob, that I could get back to my own dear mother!" sighed the poor girl. "She never misjudged, suspected, tyrannized over me. How dark, how drear, how desolate seems now that future I once figured to myself so smiling and so bright. Alas! alas!" Meanwhile, in his adjoining cell, Sir Arthur, in spite of the intense cold, was pacing the narrow room to and fro, his coat off, and his shirt torn open, to admit the cool air to his scorching bosom. But besides bis insane jealousy, there was in Sir Arthur's breast, born and bred with him, the Eastern sense of entire dominion over woman in general, and a wife in particular. For the first time Lady Theresa had acted independently of him. She had kept bim waiting by her sido while she smilingly complied with the request of Father Philip. She had shaken hands with those monks who certainly, looking upon hand-shaking as an English custom, did extend their warm, frank, hospitable bands. But what of that ? What was a slight to them compared to an act of defiance, almost of disobedience, to her husband—her lord and master. There was pride, there was resentment, there was scorn in her eye, aa she coldly bowed, and said— " Good niglit, Sir Artbur," and entering her room, lucked her door. Gracious heaven! he had heard the grating sound of the key as it,turned in the lock. He could not get at her, to revile, to reproach her. He waB almost mad with ungovernable but impotent rage. He beat his breast, ho tore his jet black hair, the mild Biniling eyes of Father Philip danced before him, and the sweet sympathetic glance in Theresa's large soft orb3 hauuted him as he hid his face on his pillow, and groans cscaped bis tortured breast, and scalding drops gushed from his eyes. Oh, bow he wished himself at rest beneath the snow that lay lightly piled in fleecy heaps beneath his window. Oh, how he wished that be were one of that ghastly assembly iu " the mountain chamber of horrors," of which from hi& window he could see the grated entrance. He threw himself upon his narrow bed, but not to sleep. No wretch in the condemned cell, awaiting the dawn of his last day on earth, ever suffered more than did this selftorturer, as he lay with tbe claws and fangs of the green-eyed monster in his brain and his heart. Meanwhile, Theresa paced her room almost as restless as her lord. At length— Ecr gentle limbs elie did undreep, And luy down iu l>er loveliness but the agitation of her wronged and gentle spirit was reproduced iu sleep, in the shape of hideous nightuiaies, and springing from her bed, she rose and tried to pray. Throwing her white cashmere wrapper around her, and thrusting her peavl-white tiny feet in her ruby-velvet, fur- lined slippers, Bhe, with her golden hair unbound and Btre:iming over her shoulders, stole to her window, and looked out on that wide waste of primeval granite and everlasting snow. The first faiut streaks of dawn were beginning to render the darkness visible. The outline of the dead-house down below became apparent to her caver and yet horrified gaze. At the little village where she had dined so happily with her husb ind, she had seen a picture of that dreadful spot, and she kuew it again at a glance. Ghastly and horrid as wastlrs home of the frozen dead, Lady Theresa could not withdraw her eycB from the spot; but suddenly as she gt;zed, a new horror caused licr fl'.^h to creep, her hair to slaud oil end, lur heart to cease to throb, nnd a cold moisture to come out upon her brow. Two shadows — shadows of Guy Fawkes-like men, moving mysteriously along with lanterns in their hands, appeared on the scenc. By the light of tneir lanterns, Theresa's straining eyes beheld Bomo of tbe grim, stark, and ghastly forms stowed away iu the dead-houBe. This ghastly receptacle has no door, only a low railing, and.some of tbe bodies stand close to tbe entrance, placed there in the attitude in which they were found, and with their glazed eyeballs "horriblystaring;" Theresa's 'window was at: a considerable .height from the snow-covered, ground beneath, but it was so placed as to command a view' of the entrance to the dead-house, and all that pasBed there. She saw there a tall, gaunt "form, with au arm upraised as if in . menace, and she beheld two men carrying, oh, heavens! a corpse covered with a blanket"; she sees them deposit.tbis new inmate in that dread abode, and slowly turning round to retrace their steps,,and recognizes by the light of the lantern which fell full in his face, Jack Franks. A wild scream burst from her white lips at this discovery—why, she knew not. For it might be that one of the guides or companions had perished in the snow, bad been found by the dogs, and that he, in seme degree recovered, had felt it to be his duty to bestojv on him such sepulchre as the case admitted of, and to perform the last offices himself. All this reason would have suggested bad she paused to reflect; but her mind was in a disturbed and unnatural state, and the sight of a face she knew so well appearing so suddenly in connexion with that charnel- house, filleid her distracted brain with a vague terror, a ghastly dread, and she screamed aloud. We have taid that 6he opened her window, the better to gaze on the sight that horrified and yet transfixed her, and .kept her spellbound. That wild scream reached the ear of Sir Arthur, who, in the fever of his passion, had also thrown open his window, unconscious of the bitter cold, for his brain was on fire. At the sound of that scream—his Theresa's scream—a wild dread lest any evil should have befallen her mastered every other consideration. He forgot bis jealous rage, and what he would have called his just resentment. Theresa had shrieked aloud.— Theresa was in danger. Perhaps she had fainted; he tried her door —but in vain. He knocked—there was no reply. One chance only remained of helping her, if she were in need of help. His window and hers were not very far apart. , • True, there was no balcony, no parapet, no footing, but such as the rugged and uneven nature of the wall afforded, aud the' casements were at about fifty feet from the granite, on which the walls were erected. A sloping terrace lay spread below, aud beyond that a precipice and a snowdrift. But love is a brief madness. The poet says— " Who loves raves." Sir Arthur resolved to brave the perilB of the enterprise, and to try to pass from his own window to that of his bride, and then q'otaiu admittance through her open casement, and ascertain the cause of her frantic shrit-k. Ho knew he risked his life ; but like other madmen—for he was mad for the time— " he did not set his life at a pin's fee." One false step, aud he must be dashed to pieces on the granite ro^k below, or rolling over, be plunged in the snowdrift; .no matter, he is resolved. He feels no fear—light, wery, agile, and practised iu gymnastic exercises, he forces his lithe form through the narrow window, his pliant foot plants itself with catlike precision on one projection after another, his long-fingered hands, always finding something to help him to preserve hia balance, and thus he passes lightly, dexterously, swiftly, from his window to that of Lady Xberesa. The poor, nervous, horrified young crea. ture, still shivering and trembling with terror, at the sight she had seen, was sitting in an arm-chair at the farther end of the long narrow room, her lamp and her bible on a little table by her side. Suddenly she hears her name pronounced, in what seems to her a weird and ghost-like voice. She looks up, and sees the form of her husband at her window. Gbaitly pale,. ho seeuied to her to glare upon her. Was it bis wraith, liis fetch, his spectre?—or was it himself come, Othellolike, in the deed of the night to murder her ? As he stood, in the hideous and imminent peril, of which (absorbed by one thought) he bad no idea, the granite slopes and the unfathomable depths of enow spread beneath, and with no more footing than would have served a cat—yes, as he stood at Lady Theresa's window, clinging to the mullion, and staring wildly in upon her, she with a wild cry, rushed to the door, unlocked it, and fled like one pursued, she knew not whither. Away she went, along tbe dark icy stone corridors of the convent—anywhere, so that she escaped his vengeful ghost, or still more vengeful self. • (To be continued.) 