? ; ®\\\x J§to%®dlet\ * ? ♦— — THE . BUBACH OF LIMERICK.' V A TALE OF THE WAKS OF KING - WILLIAM. ? - By / 'ROBERT D- JOYCE, M.D (Written expressly for the Freeman's Journal.) -;-??- ';;' ; Chapter IX.1 ? - In -which Shane, of . t»e nocic stabs a ghost' ? , AND REDMOND .TURNS* A SUMMEBSATJLT AND PALLS :INTO THE ARMS 03? A FAIRY WOMAN. , In WHICH ALSO REDMOND AND THE PROFESSOR OF LEGERDEMAIN GO ON A SEARCH AND MEET A '?nnvTiTO OAVALIER. ? Suil Gar arid Ms men on searching the Castle found therein- a drum the only article of value thatYthe despondent Englishmen. had left behind them. ' This noisy treasure they would scarcely have : iet remain there were it not that their ?drummer had been shot on the third day. after ?that on which they had taken possession of * the Castle. John Merriman Derapsey hap,' penedv to ' be with .the nicn who found it. The sight ofOfchat' -professional appurfaenance ?of !a- showman seemed % to pub new life into the body of the professor. He ? looked . up on it with a pleased eye, walked around it .several times examining its proportions, ?and then fastening it by its straps' before his \- pigastric region, beat upon it a hilarious tattoo to the infinite delight and satisfaction of his companions. Its sound was welcomed from across the river by a shout of laughter, and in a short time every man who could get leave from Redmond had crossed over to regale themselves with its music. The professor, after feasting them to their hearts content, then placed the drum iu the midst of the Castle bawn and gathered them in/a circle round it ' Run;- he said to one of the men — 'run over to the other Castle and1 bring me the bundle you will find in the right hand corner of the chimney porch where 1 sleop. Vad'c ? Quick ! Begone when 1 bid you, for I want to show you all some problems in slight o' hand.' ? -0 ? The man went arid soon returned with the mysterious bundle from which the professor ? soon transferred to his pockets certain articles ?belonging to his science. ' Look, gentlemen,' he said, depositing a small brass' cup 'aud^ three light balls upon the drum head 'I warn you to keep your eye fixed upon my 'motions that you may see this mystery 'of mysteries,' and' with that after a few simple flourishes of the deft hands and fingers he soerned apparently to all to place the three balls under ? the cup. ' ' Mark ma, ladies and gentlemen, ' exclaimed he ' again in the glory of the moment imagining that he was addressing his usual audience '''the smile of approval and' pleasure will play upon your ambrosial lips when you see tho result of this experiment, you saw me place the three balls under the cup Terra Venta Aqua Mamma, earth and' wind, water and flames, mix Verda, Begone. Now take up the cup and count the balls.' 'Blood-an-agers,' exclaimed the astonished ' Shane and his companions, ' whore are they all.' '.You have them in your hand,' said the pro cessor. 'I haven't,' answered Shane, opening wide both his immense palms. 'Lot mo see,' said the professor taking one of his hands and shutting it up suddenly- . ' Kceg it clenched thus. Hold it towards the east. Thjre, that will do.' ''Now Vene, come, be quick, open your hani1. Thore you have the balls,' and the professor as he 'opened Shane's hand, took therefrom the three bright little globes of wood, and held them up before the eyes of the astonished company. John Merriman ?Oempsoy was also a good ven triloquist. After performing various adroit tricks he took up the drum and carrying it into tho; ruined Castle hall placed it in a lightsome corner, while he himself stood in a dark one1- op- posite 'it. Suil Gar and the rest crowded into tho '.hall after him leaving by his directions an opon space between him and the drum. 'VNfow 'gentlemen,' he said, '?' the man who placed' upon that drum must have been shot or he wo'iild not leave it behind.' ' Oovil a doubt of it,' said one of his auditors, ' J ''/I' owned the purty instrument I'd rather be Hoot six times a week than leave it behind me ;, ? . . ? , , ' -Voll and good,' said the professor,' 'no w ?tl: .) ,ao!3 shot whore do you think his ghost .o'AX''o be by this time.' J:i'V.uh I 'think he ought to be purty hot by tb .'i'''-uiBwercd' another, 'for I suppose he's iu.\: ? -. ?' ?- ? ? _ ? ?'''.T'.!.. copyright of this tale is reserved' to tho a1- - '-? ^one where. I wish King William an' all his robbers were too.' ?'' To the flaming regions of Styx and Acher :oh, ' said the professor interrupting him. ' No ad's nearer home. Ho jolly drummer where arc yon . ' '.? Oim here, ' answered a sepulchral voice .trim the. drum. At the sound of- which thet auditors .?-horrified and amazed, started back, drpw their daggers, and with. scared brows, held, their bright blades aloft as if expecting tho attack of 'some unseen but terrible foe. !'DharDhia,' exclaimed Shane. 'of the Rock at last, 'but it is, the ghost of the first man that ?spoke to us from the castle afther the Sassenach's came .there.' 'Yes! oi ham that ,111011,' . answered the. ghost bf the .Yorkshire drummer, ,' but , damn your eyes you. woild Hoirish dog, what- have you to say against me.'. 'I have to say,' answered Shane, advancing a pace, and holding his gleaming skian for-' ward in. his hand, while at the same time the perspiration began to stream down his pale con tracted brows — 'I have to say that, if I had you oiitsicleioii the lawn, I'd plant this in your heart, dhar dhia, but I would if you were the devil himself.' 'Very well,'- answered the voice, 'Oi'll show myself to all p' you to-night,- and then . Oi'll see what you can do, damn your oyes.' 'Stop!' said the professor, from his corner, as the gigantic Shane was about to answer de-' liantly. ' Don't aggravate him. Are you com fortable?' continued he, turning again towards'1 the drum. ' Oi ham! not,' answered the voice. ' This' place is so confoincd that oi can scarcely stir. Besides oi ham burning, burning — oh,' and there seemed to proceed a sound as of struggling from the inside of the drum. 'If bi had a good stoup 0' Yorkshire ale,' continued the voice, after a pause of agony, ' and a round o'beef, o' might feel comfortable, thof nioi brain is boiling in my skull cap, and moi voitals are burning, burning —oh may the devil reward the woild Horishman that sent me here. ' 'It was I sent you there,' exclaimed Shane of the Rock, running desperately toward with his dagger, 'and now I'll pay you, ghost or devil, whichever you are— for your curse, ' and with that he sent his weapon,- with' a furious lunge', through the body of the drum. A wild demoniac shriek followed that echoed horribly through the vaulted hall, and the af frighted and superstitions auditory, at the sound,' rushed pell mell through the doorway and out into the lawn. At this juncture Redmond arrived upon the spot and laughed heartily when the professor of legerdcmaiii told him what had occurred. The result of it all was, however, that notwithstanding the explanations of Red mond and the professor, not a man of the garri son would sleop that night in the same room with the enchanted drum. After sending back the men that had come across ' the river to witness the performance of John Merriman Dcmpscy, Redmond, having no particular duty on hand, strolled away through the country, in order to indulge alone in»a few Lours quiet contemplation on his true love, Sarah Gordon. With the light heart and elastic spirits of youth, he proceeded onward, conjuring up as he went along the image of Sarah Gordon, and 'surrounding it with all those- bright tints ' and lovely colours that only belong to the ima ginations of the young and hopeful. The even ing sun bathed the landscape in a flood of warm, and dreamy radiance, the^slight summer breeze j scarcely waved the golden flowers 611 the ^ flat meadow lands, the tinkling rills sang through j their mossy runnels, and the birds warbled their lays from''brake and' wildwood tree. As leaving the river 'shore Redmond 'began 'unconsciously ! to ascend a tract of country wild and unculti vated, but dotted here and there with pic- . turesque clumps of birch, oak, and mountain ash— and many a fairy hawthorn. There was no house in sight on either side of the path he was now pursuing ; but as he rounded a preci pitous bluff, along sloping valley opened before him at the upper extremity of which he per ceived a small hamlet. , .To his left lay a narrow shelve of green .wood between two shallow glens. Crossing the glen next to him, he proceeded with' at' a slow, meditative pace , right1 along the sward in- the direction; of, the other side of the vsillev. .' - ' Liko the lovely tree that 'grew upon his path, one 'side .of which seemed. to glisten in tho slant ing sun light- while the other rested, im deep ahkdow, the mind of Redmond had also. two aspects, one gilded over by dreams of glory and lore,' 'the other in ; which. the; image of his ' iost father ever sat, surrounded by. shadows ofwoj auld gloom, arid beckoning to him to march on sternly for' vengeance on the unknown murderer. One or the other of these aspects was alternately predominent in his mind, but now as he walked I abstractedly across the sloping greensward the bright one was in the ascendant. So absorbed was he in the thought that he was loved by Sarah Gordon, that he .never noticed himseli approaching the low but abrupt edge of the other glen until his foot caught in a hugh briar which ?lay stretched like a green serpent on the grass 'parallel to the edge. He stumbled forward en deavouring to recover himself, but it was too late, ?for after falling face forward and then performing 'a' kind of summersault down the sloping edge he was precipitated feet downwards upon what he thought at the instant was a delightfully inclined bank bf green grass. But he was wondrously mistaken, when like a victorious bombshell piercing the roof of some unfortunate house, he shot, right through the midst of that green bank and landed on his feet beneath, upon the smooth clean floor of a little chamber.- Again he stumbled and tried to recover his balance, but fell forward again towards the corner of the chamber and was there received into the embrace of its only occupant an ancient and wrinkled crone, who, if the truth must be told had her arms stretched out not to encircle the form of her aerial and unexpected visitant, but to pro tect herself from the .rush he was involuntarily making against her.' When both had recovered themselves, the hag looked upon the loving 'missile before her with a pair of very searching and sinister eyes. She wore a large bluish grey mantle' and was clad in the red stuff gown and petticoat wore by the peasant woman of, the time. She was evidently equipping herself for a ?journey, for a light ashen staff lay beside her against the wall 'riear'- which also rested a small bundle upon a low straw boss or seat. ' ' Welcome Redmond of Rathkern,' said she in Irish after she had carefully examined her visitor from head to foot. ' This is a nice trick you have played me.' ? . 'Faith good woman,' answered Redmond laughing, ' ' it seems as if the f aries had a hand in it. If they had they cannot bo very friendly towards me, for they went near breaking my neck. But how. do you know my name,' 'Perhaps themselves had a- hand in it,' re turned the old woman, -'and it^is wrong to laugh at them, for they may be nearer than you think round us. But regarding your name sure, j all the country knows it by this. Isn't it you that vanquished the Sassenachs in the old Castle beyond — aye, and vanquished people worse than those fresh strangers at Ford Game.' 'Truly,' said Redmond, 'you seem to be well acquainted with my actions. May I ask who are you ?' ' I'm only a poor wandering herbwoman,' answered she, ' ' but the green leaf of the plant, and the painted blossom, and the mysterious ; root, thev all give me power of them. Yes, the Darone Sheea are my companions. When I walk over the green hill side, they play around me, and when I wander by Liss and Forth, they talk to me or play upon their sweet instruments { to gladden my lonely heart, for I am always. | gentle with them, and never ask them to go too .far or do too much for me. They tell me secrets that I may lock up in my heart for ever or dis close when- the hour comes. ' ' ' I wish,' said Redmond again, 'that I could get them to tell me a secret that I am trying to find out.' ' j 'Is it murder or love,' asked the faiiy wonian. ' 'It is murder,' answered Redmond, startled in spite of himself at the question of the strange old woman. . - ' It should be both,' exclaimed she, while her eyes peered sharply into those of Redmond. ' What !' exclaimed Redmond, 'I know my fate with regard to one, but he whose bloody ' hand left me fatherless is yet unknown to me. ' 'You know not,' resumed the fairy woman, ' ' what may happen in an hour, or rather what has happened. Branch of drooping tree,' continued she taking up her staff and bundle and drawing her cloak over her head, ' ' there is woe behind you and blood before you. Too soon you will learn that love brings sorrow in his train and that the man you now vainly seek is too strong and crafty for you to cope with,' and she moved to- j wards the door of the little hut which was built ' against the side of the glen. .' ' Stay, ' says Redmond, laying his hand upon her shoulder. ' You perhaps arc she whom I seek. If you are you must and will tell me who, shot my father.' '' I have nothing to say to you,' answered the old woman. ' ' What do I know about your father except what you are now in your wild mood after telling me. Go back to your castle,' con \- tinned she, 'and fight for King James like a man. ' It, will give you enough to do for niany a month to come,', and she drew herself away and walked out of the hut. Redmond saw by her manner that he could get no information from her at the moment so he, too, left the hut , and climbed up the bank of the green level above from which he could see the mysterious 6ld fairy woman hobbling with the aid of her itafF down the glen. He immediately set off in. the direction from which he had come, with a ?riind filled in spite of himself with gloomy . forebodings, and approached after a brisk walk the shore of the river, some distance above the two castles. After descending the steep ' upland she sloped down to the narrow strip of shore, he took his course along the waters edge and soon came in sight of the scene of his late combat, opposite which in the cool stream several of his men, among whom was the profes sor of legerdemain, were now bathing. Below the spot where they were ' performing their ? aquatic evolutions the stream , swept rapidly through a narrow, channel, at the end of which ft it widened into a deep whirling pool partly over dowed by a shelving crag of lime stone*. Down the aforesiad channel John Merryman Dempsey was after swimming several times into the whirl pool and there performing, for the amusement of his comrades/ s$ine select capers in imitation of. an enraged dolphin. Now, however, as Redmond. nearcd the scene of their gambols he heard a sudden yell of pain, and hastening down beheld John M.errimau Dempsey, after striking his knee so. as to disable him against a rock and being then swept power lessly down the channel, struggling for life with the whirling waters of the deep and treacherous pool. Most of the men were bad swimmers. Besides they had lost their presence of mind at ? tho instant so suddenly had all happened. Red mond therefore on seeing how affairs stood, ran swiftly'down the side of the channel and ' sprang, accoutred as he was, into'the pool just in time to catch the professor as he was about to sink for the third time^ ' ' ?' 'Keep steady,' exclaimed Redmond, as the professor floundered about and grasped blindly ? at him. ' Keep steady, 1 say, or 1 shall have ' to let you sink.' The professor at last seemed to comprehend his situation and kept quiet while Redmond grasping him by the thick black hair with his left hand swam, with the help of the right, towards the bank up which both were imme diately assisted by the men who had now crowded down to the spot. John Merriman Dempsey sooil recovered and ,tho moment he did so manifested his delight thereat, notwithstand ing his hurt knee, in a series of professional antics round the green that soon restored their lost merriment to his companions. Leaving them to their amusement Redmond crossed the ~ river and ascended to the ca&'tle under his im mediate command before the hot and anrple fire placo of Avhieh he soon got rid of the water he had been drenched with in saving' the professor. The shades of the night were now descending, and Redmond was still standing before the jovial fire when John Merriman Dempsey walked in, saluted and accosted him. ' I tell you what, sir,' said he, ' only for you Munster would have lost its brightest ornament and best adeot in the occult arts, this evening.' ' That would be a loss, certaiulv.' remarked Redmond, laughing at the self-importance of the professor, ' and now I need not say that I am glad for your, sake, and for the sake of the coun- ! try in general, that I saved your life.' ; 'You did save my life,' answered John; 'but did it not occur to you that you risked your own at the 'moment ?' ' -?; 'No,' said Redmond, ' I never thought of 1 that when 1 saw you sinking.' ' Sinking, indeed, it was, to a watery grave, \ sir,' resumed the professor gratefully, 'and i now I have come to tell you that I think some how I was only half your friend heretofore. ; You remember that we were speaking some ; time ago in the fastness of Rathkern about your father's murderer. I now telL .you that my -1 mother saw the deed done, but at the same time she would never disclose to me whose-' hand did it. I now propose to leave your hospitable gar rison for a time to go in search of my mother, and when I find her, mark me, ?Captain,1 if I do . not get the name of the murderer from her my name is not John Merriman DeinpseyV' ? , '- 'Stay,' 'says Redmond, 'what -kind of a woman is your mother. 1 have not seen her for '? the last half-dozen years, and cannot remember ' her.' '- ? ' ' - The professor gave a quick and accurate des cription of his parent. ' My God,' said Redmond, 'I saw her this j evening. Fool that I was not to bring her here aiul make her disclose her secret,' and then he recQunted to the professor his adventure with tlie fairywoman, and described her in return. i'lt is she,' exclaimed the professor in ?sur- prise. 'Trust me, Captain, I am, now your Land through thick and thin, so I think I'll set out after her.' \- ' It is useless to go now in the darkness,' returned Redmond. ' Wait till to-morrow and ' j I will accompany you.' ? ?!?-' :???? Thernorning came, and. Remond, after leaving ?''?- the castle in command of Jolin. of the Rock, and giving several direction's :to Suil. Gar how to act in the other stronghold: during .his absence, rode away accompanied by the professor on his black steed, towards the fairy woman's hut in | the glen. 'The ashes, wore cold upon its hearthstone when they arrived, and there was no indication that the owner of the hut had slept there during the preceding night.' ' ?'What are 'we to do' now?' said Redmond, . with a look iof_ disappointment. -.' 'J. know*- sonie _ of ;'iny- mother's haunts,' answered, -the professor! '' ' ' Let '.us descend this glen and ride .out upon the , plain towards \- , Lough Gar. , She lived; in the old castle there by -'? ' herself for some timoj and perhaps she may have now returned to it in order to hear some con ' versatioh with the Darone Sheea, you know it is : a favorite- resort of the merry children of the air.' . - 'I have heard so,' said Remond laughing, ? 'but they may carry your mother away before '! wo reach there. However, let us make : no delay' in riding off,' and with that he left the -? ? hut, sprang once more upon Grey Ronan, and ,c followed by the loquacious professor, who was c; - ail .excellent horseman, .rattled away down the valley, and out upon the broad and undulating ? . plain. -'' ' ' On gaining a high .upland that looked'towards .? the valley of the' Morning Star, a. stream that runs from the eastward and falls into the Maig between Bruce and Cro'om; they halted for a \ ' short time to observe the country they were traversing and then rode down into the .valley. \- - They had not gone far when they observed a single horseman riding towards them by the op posite bank of tlie stream: . He came at full ; . gallop, and as he drew near they could observe c .that he .wore armour and that he sab his steed '- with that graceful and easy carriage that marks' ? the perfect horseman. Redmond and the pro fessor halted on the edge of the stream to ob serve his motions and aspect more closei This he soon gave them an opportunity of doing .to ] their heart's content, for after . approaching :in \ ? full career he made a rapid circuit of the level inch or shore at ' the other side, 'and coming ; straight on as if he were about plunging across the ' stream, - he drew up his horse suddenly within sneaking distance of Redmond and his companion. ' ; 'Whom do you fight for, King James or the Stadthholdor ?' asked the strange horseman in ._ a clear, . bold voice. 'By what v authority do, you ask that ques tion,' answered Redmond. ' By this,'] said the stranger, slapping the hilt . of his sword. ' Besides you are 'two to one arid thus 1. think my inquiry is a £air'uue.--winwtt ' your 'name and whom do you acknowledge \ King?' , ,.? 'By; my faith but it -is a fair question after \- all,' returned Redmond, sosi ng the j ustice of the * stranger's remark. ' My name, continued he, is Redmond of Rabhke'm and James is my King:' ' James is my King too, fair Sir,' returned -.the stranger, 'and my name is Galloping \- O'Hagan,' and with that he touched his horse lightly with the spur, cantered up to the stream,, dashed across it, shook hands with Redmond and nodded haughtily upon the professor who .' returned the salutation with ? a profound obci-_ 1 saice. Leaving tliem together for a time we \- shall in our next chapter return to the adven tures of Sarah Gordon after she had been taken' off -by Aaron Snaffles. (To he Continued. ) Chmstmas in Paris.— A letter from- -Paris says : — Although. the Parisians take no notice \ of Christmas, reserving all their compliments -?? for New Year's Day, -yet there are evident signs of the coining season. Ruddy schoolboys, from ? Passy, Argentouil and the other scholastic colo : nies, are evidently 'home.' Families, too, arc rushing across the Straits, heedless of collisions, to get 'home' for Christmas Day. Nice pics -, and plum-puddings arc advertised, and the Eng \- lish pastrycook's shop lias a string of people as ' Ion1? as the 'tail' o£ lenders when there is an Imperial loan. Siraudin will to-day produce that \- wonderful ' doll' which will set the fashions to Europe for 'the . coming, year. Set fashions to Europe ! What a vast idea ! Here, indeed, is ?. power ! As'a rule, every Englishman in Paris ..asks every other Englishman .to dinner, and as \- another rule everybody is engaged. Christmas Day, however, in -Paris, js- awfully dull. The man who once defined that day in London as ??'Sunday and no Bali's Life' will not mend things by coming hero' ! As ior the Jour de UA n, .that°is more 'serious. The shortest way is toj \- change our banker's balance into five franc-pieces '. and give one- to' everybody you see; ? j Sydney 'Smith,' passing through a by street' behind St. Paul's, heard two women abusing each otheFfrom opposico' houses. 'They will rn:3ver!i agree,' said the wit, 'they argue fromj J(dinereht premises.'' ' j ??''? A person's 'character depends .a good, deal oir 'His bringing up.1', For' instance, a man who has1 .' jbWn brought 'up by the police, seldom; turns out T/o3pe6fc;$ie; '';'.' ,' ''\ \t ^'' . ; 