QUEENSLAND, We have late Brisbane papers by way of Sydney 5 A singular discovery is reported by the Brisbane Courier ., On Saturday, the 27th was., a bay mare, the property of Mr. John Gaynor, Boggo, South Brisbane, whilst at work suddenly fell down, and expired from ossification of the heart. On the stomach being opened, a large number of articles were found, having the appearance of being collected gradually for a period of years-viz., pins of various sizes, copper wire, crinoline wire, brass buttons, pieces of various kind of metal, a large quantity of pitch, etc. The animal, was well known in South Brisbane '19 Mr. Troy's mare, to whom she belonged for ten years. She was about fifteen years of age, and was remarkable for her apparent good health and always keeping fat. The following is also from the Courier : On Thursday forenoon a fine schooner yacht was launched from the building-yard of Mr. E. Monk, at South Brisbane, for the Hon. G. Harris. The vessel in question is an old friend, known as the Hamlet's Ghost, and she has undergone such a metamorphosis that no one nc(iiirt,\ntedwitli her original form would recognise Ever as the same craft. Her history has not been an uneventful one, 'The original " Ghost," as she is familiarly called, was built on a coral reef off our north-east coast by the castaway crew of a whaling schooner belonging to Sydney, named the Prince of Denmark. The reef had been occupied by the master of this whaler, Captain Bennett, as a depot for stores, &c;, and it was in approaching it that that vessel was wrecked, The crew reached the depot in safety by means of the boats and to escape from this dreary and desolate spot, they built a boat of the remains of the schooner and some boat planks which Captain Bennett had in store. In her Captain Bennett and his crew, after suffering considerable hardships, succeeded in reach- ing this part. Subsequently she was purchased by her present owner for £100. He laid out a considerable sum upon her to fit her for the lightering trade, and hail her altered from a schooner to a Ketch, As a lighter she was not a profitable vessel, owing to her small capacity for cargo, and ultimately she was laid up. More recently she was placed in the hands of Mr. Monk, to convert her into a pleasure yacht, and the result may be seen in the smart little schooner now moored off his yard at the south side, Mr. Monk has also on hand a vessel of a very different class ; we allude to, the light-ship building for the Queensland Government, and' intended to be stationed at Keppel Bay. Within a hundred yards of this vessel Mr. W. Pettigrew has the keel of a steamer laid. This vessel will be. about thirty tons burthen, with a light draught, and is intended to tow rafts of timber for the supply of hit extensive saw-mills A Curiosity Mr. Robert Easton, of Dry Creek, has forwarded to the museum in Sydney I the skin of a most curious species of flying squirrel, which a cat had brought to his house. The animal did not weigh half an ounce when dead, and its body was less than the size of an ordinary mouse considerably ; but the most ex- traordinary portion of this species is the soul' which is completely a feather. Mr. Easton, who has been for many years accustomed to the bush of Australia, and is a small naturalist in his way, states that it is quite a discovery Richman Examiner, Feb. 20. ' ' Wild Bulletin the district there are scattered a large number of these, and it is most dangerous to chase them, though parties occasionally try the sport of destroying them. A short time since a young man narrowly escaped being gored by a wounded animal. The horse he was riding was seriously hurt by the horn enter- ing his flank Ibid. , ' ' j Crops. The late showery weather has tended to the improvement of maize and tobacco. A large quantity of the latter is now being prepared for the markets, and the quality is reported! generally as excellent Ibid. 