MELBOURNE AND ITS SEA DEFENCES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir-As the Government are about to trim the lamp of preparation by voting money for the sea defences of this port, I trust I shall not be out of order, nor too late in offering a few observations on such an important subject. If I mistake not, it is intended to erect isolated batteries on the shores of Port Phillip for the protection of this city. I trust this is not the case for if batteries should be so placed, they must be isolated, consequently weak and inoperative, because an enemy once scatheless within the port, would have such abundant choice of ground to effect a landing that he would contemptuously ignore such batteries by landing elsewhere, and take the city in reverse, and batteries too. Had he not the power to effect this, he would not come from Europe to invade us Lord Dundonald, no doubt, had a similar example in view when he said, "It is little short of national imbecility to suppose that because we erect imposing fortifications an enemy will come to them." Even if we had the means to erect the most formidable batteries all along the city front of the hay, the enemy could. lay 2,000 yards off and shell the town into submission, whilst the small speck offered by the ball of a ship at that distance would seldom be touched by our guns and if struck, the impact would be too weak to inflict damage. This view is supported by Admiral Potter's despatch on the bombardment of Fort Fisher ; he says: "All the vessels reached position at eleven a m., and each opened file as they got their anchors down. The guns in the upper batteries opened with some effect, but no vessel was injured sufficiently to interfere in the least with her efficiency." Further on he con- tinues:-"The enemy had a 200 pounder, which was frequently tired at the monitors, but' seldom hit them. . . These vessels have laid five days under a fire from Fort Fisher, anchored less than 800 yards off, and though fired at a great deal, they were seldom hit, and received no injury, except to boats, and light matter about the decks, which were cut to pieces." "One heavy shot from Fort Fisher indented the iron of her (the Monadnocks) side armour without doing any material damage." Be- sides, I think it should become an axiom in fortifying cities that unless such fortifica- tions have a fair character for invulner- ability, and are possessed of great power to inflict injury on an enemy, they are better away, us from their aggressive position they invite destruction on a city which the amenities of modern warfare would other wise spare. - Having, in the foregoing remarks, displayed the white feather of pru- dence, I now invite my readers to accompany me to the Heads, where I hoist in its stead, the death's head and cross bones of glory on the flagstaff overlooking the future battle-field of our victory. It is here that we must look for the Thermopylae of our freedom from insult and spoliation. But even here we should not spend money in costly and inefficient granite batteries. Formidable batteries we should have on each side of the narrow entrance, but they should be made of earth, and mounted by powerful guns. Although India is the birthplace of earth. batt ries, yet Todleben, at Sebastopol, showed the world that they are the most resistive fortifications known, and when kept moderately moist, will pocket any amount of shot; whilst granite would fly into fragments when struck, and wound the defenders Thus, with batteries erected on the Heads, and be constructed as to command a sharp raking fire' on the enemy's ships as they approach, - and when they unjust entering within the Heads, they should be subjected to an enfilading fire from the batteries at either side, which would surely cripple them. Besides the batteries, there should be two Ironclad came, armed with such power, in calibre of guns and steam, that no enemy's ironclad which had to run the gauntlet of danger across the over turbulent great Southern Ocean would escape being crippled and sunk by them. These two formidable floating batteries would be placed just inside the Heads, so that should any of the enemy's ships by chance force the passage under fire of the batteries, they would be run into ft and sunk under foot by our invulnerable ironclads And even if one or two of the enemy should Show vitality and daring enough to steer up the bay, our twin screw rams with the enormous steam-powered could afford to arm them with, for service in our quiet waters, would enable one or both to overhaul them instantly plunge the ran into Btern, quarter, or beam, and down they must go. Ghost of Homer! It nearly makes one wish for the realisation of the picture to see the glorious deed done. I may further remark that whilst entering the Heads, no enemy's ships armed with broadside guns, could use them against our forts, and they could not indulge in the modern naval dodge Of " circle Balling " to render in- noxious the fire of our battery guns, they would have to cup their iron gruel hut and hot at nearly yard-arm distance. But let them once get into the bay, and off the city, they would then indulge in the "circle" dance, filing their three-inch shells into the city at every revolution, and laugh at any batteries we could sit on the city side of the shore. But, unlike a fixed battery, two powerful rams, even without the batteries at the Heads, would hang on to their skirts with sleuth bound tenacity, and pound them to death. As compared with shore batteries, the ironclad ram is like a roaming tiger, with his claws unsheathed for destructive action ; the battery is the tiger chained up. Mr. Fairbairn, the great iron clad shipbuilder. Baye that ocean warfare will yet be decided by the force of rams. Captain Cole endorsed this opinion, when he said that " Motion is the genius of modem warfare, as station is pi that gone'hy." Thus, should we not avail ourselves of the services of two powerful ram, ironclads (of themselves worth twenty shore batteries in our wide bay), and were an enemy to force the batteries at the Heads and appear oO Melbourne, she must eat the bitter leek pi BubmiBblon, whilst the foe is riding her banks and gold-dust Stores. Better pay a ransom as an expiation for parsimonious folly, than see our beautiful city shelled about our ears Get the ram ironclads! ! St. Kilda, March G. TOM CRINGLE I A Picture -An unusually large number of deaths by drowning have recently taken place in the Murray. Reporting the death of a man named Jackson, a labourer in the employ of Mr. Edwards, a builder, in Echuca, the correspondent of the Deniliquin Chronicle proceeds thus,-" Jackson attempted to ferry himself across in the dingy belonging to the free punt. By some accident he fell overboard, and the puntman, who was near at hand, immediately plunged in to his rescue. Too late, however; for just when Davy (the punt- man) was nearing him, the poor fellow throw his arms despairingly up, and sank to rise no more in life. As soon as possible, the blacks were brought to the spot, and eleven of them being engaged, they formed a line in the water just below the punt, and at a signal disappeared beneath the surface in that weird, noiseless manner which to the European seems so marvellous, and which, in fact, can be equalled only by some aquatic animal or bird. Again they rose, and a second time they disappeared, but on this occasion one about the centre of the line quickly re- ascended, the others immediately following. A few words in their own language passed, and the whole of them formed an irregular circle' round the first. For the third time the black heads became invisible, leaving scarcely a ripple on the water, and in a few seconds all simultaneously re-appeared, surrounding and bearing up the corpse, face upwards, and in a horizontal position. A' more than thing, yet sadly-interesting spectacle it has never been my lot to witness than, was offered by that livid and lifeless ' cold obstruction,' surrounded, and, as it were, 4 set ' like a huge game of dull again, in the midst of scintillating Spots of glossy jet; the whole picture, for such It certainly was, rising from the dark and fatal river with a suddenness so startling, that just one unanimous and brief ejaculation escaped the crowd, and mate horror overspread every countenance, and stiffened each upraised arm into a motionless Bimuleuce of the dead man's rigid limbs. A magisterial inquiry, held by Dr. Strutt, at Watt's Junction Hotel, resulted in a verdict of ' Accidentally drowned. Riverine Herald \ Lieutenant-Colonel John Glencairn ' Burns, son of the poet, died on Saturday se'nnight at Cheltenham. He was the youngest of the three brothers, who, on his return from India, some twenty years ago, received a great ovation at Ayr. under the presidency of the Earl of Eglinton. Although not inheriting any of the poetic genius of his father, he was an agreeable and accomplished man, naturally proud of the name which he bore, and which carried with it a happy prestige wherever! he went. During later years he resided at Cheltenham, but he paid occasional visits to Scotland, and was held in, much esteem by intimate friends in Dumfries, Edinburgh, and Glaj-, gow.-l/errfc Lane Express, Nov. 27. , 