NEW ZEALAND. A NIGHT SKIRMISH WITH THE HAUHAUS. rtn-M n 11,* norrtiHvmdmt of the Wellington Independent.) Wairoa, March 20, 1866. The apparent repose into whioh we seemed sinking BjJJne time baok, Seen again rudely disturbed by another brush with the Hauhaufl. About a fortnight sinoe in con sequence of rumours ha vims arrived that there was a. large gathering of the Uriwara's on this side of the Waikare Lake, a party of native started to® Pefcowfti some twelve in cumber, under Uio command of Ihaka (the minister's brother), for (be purpose of reconnoitering, and if possible ascertaining the intentions of the hostile tribes. After a day or two's absence the party returned minus Ibaka, add with allot her of their number shot through the bark ; it appeared (bat they had fallen in with an advance of the Uriwera, and bad been fired on. Of the fate of Ihaka they knew nothing save that ho bad been hit end taken prisoner. This natu rally confirmed the rumour of the hostile descent, accord ingly Pitiera Kopu mustered bis tribe and several others, and on Monday, (he 12th, started with 130 men ' to make a&urecce; dbubly sure,' and to offer the enemy battle amongst the hills. Having business requiring me to visit (be lake, I availed myself of the offer of a secure trip, and accompanied the expedition. The object that Kopu had ia view was to sunirisc the enemy, if possible, consequently it was arranged that we should march all night and camp during the day. Tho ammunition, &c.;, was sent up in canoes as Car as the Waiau River offered transport— nearly half the distance. The two first dsys were consumed in getting through this porticn of the road, the river being veiy circuitous, and the stream so rapid as to render the labour of polling the canoes very severe, andj involving crossing no less than eight fords, all of which were deep and daugorous to the horse end foot men. Baving at length got to the commence ment of (he ascent of Takarangl (a fortified hill now aban doned), the ammunition and biscuit being distributed, the real labour began. By 12 p.m. we had surmounted Taka rrr.gi, and reached a small cultivation in a patch of bnsh, called Te Tringa Ohiro, where we lay to till dusk. Orders were issued chat no gun should be fired and no fires lighted, end forming an Indian file we once more tackled the road, up, up, up, getting darker by degrees, slowly flitting on with noiseless tread, we more resembled ghosts than armed men, ruing ridge after ridge, I fancied we were on a journey to the moon, but presently down, down into pttohy darkness, down apparently four times the depth that we had ascended, ana t-till down until a small sandy valley was reached, and a halt called. The night was far spent, so we lay down on the cold ground, the keen mountain air piercing us through ana through, to get what share of eleep we might. Mine was a minimum allowance go cold was it that my sole wish was for morn ing. It came at last, and another hill was staring us in the face, more ominous than the friend ef the past night, At it we went, and at length reaching its summit found a little potato patch, hidden in a bush on the southern slope of the range, called Te Kiwi. Here we camped for the day, and, warmed with the sun and travel, most of us gladly indulged in a sound snooze. This day wore away like the last, and the setting sun was a signal for our march — another ridge, another descent, the old men, acting as captains of companies, enjoining strict silence. The shelter of a bush at the foot of the range was nearly gained, whea bang went a musket, with a rolling echo amongst the hills. All dropped to the ground. Who? which? wnatP where? were whimpered along the file. Presently Kopu came to tbe front and asked for me. 'What do you, pakeha, do with a soldier who acts like this ? ' '^Did he do it on pur pose ? ' 'I think so ! ' ' Stick a bayonet through him,' said I. ' Wait a bit, I'll see,' Kopu replied. Some consultation ensued, but my suggestion was not acted on. Tbe same man did the same thing the night before, and called it an accident. I mention this circumstance occause oi its results, fear now seized upon the whole body, they gathered together in groups, and loud chattering told ct the vacillating opinions of the leaders. , I said to Kopu, ' If we return we shall be laughed at.' After a long delay, it was agreed to camp and see what meming brought forth. Ere long, loud snoring told of the cffccts of fatigue upon the party. The morning star called us again te actien, and, after a hurried consultation, it was decided to advance. We were now within three miles of the lake, and as we passed on through a long valley, com manded on all sides by rocky eminences, 1 fully expected at cach turn of the road to receive a volley into the midst of us. All was silent. Presently we came up on open ground, a little lake, fencing, and cultivations, some horses, and reccnt tracks of many feet. Jumping over the timber, and getting the shelter of a Koromiko bush, we halted, relieved ourselves of our packs, examined our arms, ana made ready for the fray. Te Otene read prayers, and now for business. Kopu told off hie people into divisions, and, placing me in front of himself, at the end of the first division, we crept forward. Thick scrub, rocks, a road like a stone gutter, surely they will not let us slip through, we rose the ascent, some fifteen or twenty men in front of us, caught the gleam of the waters, when all speculation was lost in the sharp crack of first one, then twenty rifles, shouts of ' Pai Marire,' ' Kua Iioro,' 'Ko Kiri,' 'ICo Kiria,' and a very babel of sounds, magnified by the echoing rocks into a perfect rear, 'seize the canoes,' 'stop firing,', ' who's to pass through that infernal cross fire.' As well talk to the dead, nothing but shout and fire, the Hau-haus were in full retreat, Eouie thiough the bush, others to the cliffs amonget the trees for shelter, some for the canoes, and I could not but admire the steady way in which two canoes paddled swiftly away, keeping close in shore with the bullets dropping ail round them. I Eat down on a flat rock and perseveriugly potted away at them as long as they were within range ; half an hour brought the firing and pursuit pretty well to an end. One fellow of the enemy was in the act of firing, ' don't fire, lest you be killed,' I cried. The man hesi tated, a fine strapping fellow about 20 years of age, with a handsome dogskin mat on his shoulders. ' Give up your gun and pouch,' said his captora, and seeing resistance hope less and trusting to find mercy, he lowered his piece and handed it over, but soon four bayonets were plunged in his breast. Disgusted and sick I turned away, but more was to happen, presently a party appeared on the rocky shore of the lake driving a prisoner before them, a tall vigorous old man completely tattooed. 'Who are you?' I am Te Rawhe, spare me I am wounded (a ball had laid open his chcek, I will be your slave, I am the chief of this settle ment.' I looked anxiously in the faces of lis captora, he was in the handsfof Hapimana, a brother of Ihaka who had been killed. Calling Kopu aside, 'Bpare him,' I said, ' Look at Hapinana,' he answered, ' it can't be done. For the present he was safe, and clung with trembling hand to the cloak of Hapurona, an old chief int whose charge he was committed, fMnlrinp (vain trust) that there must needs be sympathy lietween grey nairs. To close a painful scene, after delaying an hour and a half, conversing quietly with him, asking him questions, all of which he answered — hiHnp a wretched havresack from his neck and dividing the bit o¥ native pre pared tobacco amongst them, in no way showing wlia* their real intentions were— a parly of five or six with Kopu at their head, went up to him : ' Come,' they said, and straggling painfully, clutching at hie keeper the old man, who repulsed him, they dragged Mm away and murdered him with seventy wounds. Sick, dispirited, weary, and miserably dejected, I hailed with delight the arrival of Dr. Scott, the resident medical officer, and Mr. Prince, interpreter, with some 60 of the Nukutanra natives. 'A little too late, we inarched all night, end nearly caught you.' Hasty inquiries and ex clamations of pleasure at the beautiful scenery which we had now leisure to observe. But I reserve any description of the Lake for my next letter. To wind up a prosy aooount I will only add the results of the attack. Three bodieswere recovered— one woman, Iantope, wife of Te Hira ; a chief qf Te Uriwera,' taken prisoner. Doubt less many were wounded and killed that we knew nothing of, owing to tbe dense bash. Sixteen guns, a quantify of ammunition, flags, and miscellaneous articles fell into our hands, and a large quantity of cultiva tions. From the woman we learned that the party we sur prised numbered seventy-one in all, that they had seventy one guns and plenty of that another party of nearly the same Bumber were also «n this side of the take, and that the ''in body of between two and three hundred were at Rua Tahnna, some distance inland of the extreme north west end of the lake. She represented them as divided ia their councils, end lettere we found confirmed her state ment. After a discussion it was agreed to send her back with a letter to the Uriwera chiefsj offering terms of peace, and that two weeks should be allowed for their acceptance, in the interim to build a punt or boat, for the purpose of crossing the lake, and attacking them in their own strong hold should thej not accept them. The woman started on her mission on Monday. On Tuesday she returned, bring ing with her Te Waru's son. The two were sent back with a Union Jack, and we now await the denouement of the faroe, or tragedy, as the caBe may be. ? 