TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1866. WHATEVER further adjournment may b< , granted or asked for in the Assembly this i afternoon, the motion for that purpose cai I hardly fail to give rise to an animated disons I sion on the present anomalous position ol i thc Government. It is quite time that th« [ Assembly insisted upon knowing "who it ? who" in the Cabinet, for the extraordinary shiftings and transpositions of Ministers and acting Ministers are as puzzling asthc sleight of hand tricks of the most accomplished juggler who ever mystified the spectators. While the Ministerial organ of yesterday "sup- poses" that Mr. SAMUEL " will retain the post of Finance Minister," the Government Gazette has the name of " T. W. SMART " appended to a Treasury notice respecting the stamp duties. While the same journal states that Mr. ROBERTSON is to return to office, " having settled the mattera that occasioned his retirement from the Ministry," some of the 'friends of that gentle- man repudiate most indignantly the imputa- tion thus cast upon his political honesty, maintaining that after such a "settlement of matters" as has been lately witnessed, in the complete evasion of tho main prinoiple of ¡"the Crown Lands Alienation Aot, no publie man could have tho hardihood to take such a course as is indicated. There is no exaggeration in saying that the state of affairs at present subsisting is absolutely unparalleled in British history. Mr. SMART fails as a Treasurer, and is then sent to take charge of tho Publie Works, while Mr. SAMUEL tries his hand at fiuanoo. He also fails and slips aside for a time, while tho multiform Minis- ter, Mr. COWPER, steps into the vacant place and carries the ad valorem duties. Nb sooner is this accomplished than we find Mr. SMART back again at tho Treasury, while the Government print says that Mr. SAMUEL is to remain. As to Mr. COWPER, as wo have shown on former occa- sions, he is always prepared to take any office-to glide from ono to another with the most slippery agility, or to hold them all at once rather than acknowledge defeat. .Then with regard to Mr. ROBERTSON, if we are to believe the Ministerial authority, it would appear that he backed out from office while the Premier slipped into his place, and pro- claimed the three batches of "reservations" which have defeated free solection, and which now include about ten millions of acres of the choicest land in the country. This little " matter" being most effectually " settled," the great free seleotion champion is to go back. again, according to the Herald, fortified with the meanB of saying to the slaughtered free selectors, as MACBETH with oqual candour protests to the ghost of the murdered BANQUO, " Thou oans'tnot say I did it." All this juggling programme is so ex- ceedingly repugnant to feelings of honour, and so much more resembles the taotics of thimble-rig men ? than the conduct of statesmen worthy of respect, that wo are loth to believe in it. No doubt, however, it is most desirablo that the points in question should be set at rest, as their solu- tion must very materially affect tho aotion of parties in Parliament. It would seem that anything like political principle, or fidelity to pledges, had come to be regarded as exploded Quixotism, adverse to self-interest, and un- worthy of political philosophers. Cabinets are re-constructed, patched up, taken to pioces, and plastered together again in any shape, for the sole purpose of doing the bidding of the Opposition. No doubt this may be very convenient to those who sit on the left of the chair, for they can get all they wish, without odium or trouble to themselves ; but many of them will probably begin to see too clearly the deep scandal which such proceed- ings must bring upon the Parliament and tho country, and to feel too keenly their own par- ticipation in tho disgrace, to tolerate much longer the course of unprincipled profligacy whioh has become a burning reproach to representative institutions. We await with feelings not devoid of appre- hension, tho robound of popular sentiment in the far interior, when it becomes known that all tho available land has been withdrawn from selection. In somo respects, and re- garding only the pathetic aspeot of this cruel act, tho sound that will come from tho bush might be compared to that alluded to in tho greatest of books, as " tho voice of ono orying < in tho wilderness j" but tho ory will, perhaps, ' bc accompanied by bitter denunciations, and tokens of a vengeful character. Thero is no \ pretence of justifying these enormous , reservations from sale. The utmost i that the apologists of the Government j can say is that the letter of the ] law has not been violated. Why, the samo is , said by SHYLOCK, and with more justice, i when he demands a pound of flesh from tho ' spot nearest the bankrupt merchant's heart. ' It is the law. But if no one else chooses to ¡ remember tho fact, it cannot at least bo j ignored by Mr. ROBERTSON, that this reserva- ; tion of thirteen hufidrcd blocks of land, com- J {irising some ten millions of acres, is a vio- , ation of tho spirit and intention of th« law, t and a violation so gross that the mind is « shocked when people not amonable to tho * oharge of dibhoncsty . in tho ordi- v nary transactions of lifo, como i forward with wonk. natl quibbling i excuses for it The lands are ''reserved from sale until surveyed for the preservation of water supply, or othor public purposes." Can any one believe, or pretend'to believe, that the nine or ten millions of acres so con- fiscated will be subdivided by survey into thirteen hundred distinct areas for years to come, if ever? Tho practical.effect.is that they are banded over to the uses of thc squat- ters) and thus, while the language of the Act is tortured into an excuse for this deed, the distinct object and purpose of the Act is violated in the most shameless manner. It must be remembered that tho Crown Lands Occupation Act, which was professedly intended to consolidate tho. law with regard to the rights and privileges of the squatters, has nothing whatever to do with these reserves. It is the Alienation lAot-an Act professing to facilitate freehold occupation -that is made use of to supplement the con- cessions to the squatters. So ' far as freehold occupation is concerned, that Act is now a dead letter. Instead of remedying that grievous state of things under which, accord- ing to Mr. ROBERTSON ten years ago, " the agriculturist had been absolutely exoluded from leasing any portion of tho public land, and thwarted, harassed, and dispirited at every turn in his efforts to obtain the submittal of such lands for sale," tho evil is now perpetuated. A pastoral leaseholder-not perhaps are of the largest or best informed of the class, called at this office very recently to inquire the particulars of the new regula- tions made by thc Government " . to keep off the free selectors." He had heard the glad tidings ata distance, and had evidently hurried down to Sydnoy to avail himself of the abro- gation of free selection. There was no pretence or special pleading about this honest fellow. . With the instinct of his class he gathered that there was a way pf " keeping off the selectors," and he was eager to make it available. But argument on such a subject is idle "and unnecessary. We shall soon have from all parts of the country abundant evidence of the injury inflicted by the substantial violation of the spirit of the law, and a spirit of bitter antagonism to tho pastoral interest will have, been engendered-a feeling o; animosity only surpassed in intensity by indignation-at tho baseness of the treachery by which this wrong has been accomplished. Meeting under circumstances like this, it may well be supposed that a repre- sentative Assembly will not adjourn without some intelligible expressions of opinion on the subjeots to which . we have alluded. The abrogation of the* law by tho despotic act of the representative of a shattered and disjointed Ministry; the extra- ordinary and suspicious movements of Ministers and ex- Ministers at a timo of such danger, and the general disturbance of publie faith and confidence in the Government, are all matters of too great importance to be passed over ia silence. That excuses will be made-. that members supposing themselves to be in a state of transition to place will, twist the remnants of their consciences to . suit .the occasion, are things, which maybe expected; but for the credit of Parliament, it is to be hoped that not a few will bo found .entertain- ing a sterner sense of duty, and resolved that thc expressions of. their indignant condemna- tion shall be heard from one end of the country to the other. G-BBEHOAB-, DABLINO POINT.-Th» number-, of Ëeraona who availed thomee) rca yesterday of Mr. Mort's mdness to view tho grounds at Greenoaks, and tho magnificent picture gallery, was somewhat large. Tho pictures, which, in Tery many instances' aro by tho'old masters, ar J Terr costly. Tho interior fittings of tho building arc of English oak, and the wholo has boen completed at considerable expense. A fortune must havo been expanded upon it. Tho mansion itself is very handsomo, and built partly in the Tudor style. Tho site could not bo eurpassed. A full view of the harbour of Fort Jackson and the South Head, besides portions of Sydney and the surrounding country is com- manded. The gardens belonging to this mansion aro rory extensivo and some of tho plants in tho heated glass rooms rory rare and costly. The conservatory of forns especially aro rory grand. Persons from tho old country could hardly credit there was such a mansion as this in Australia. The flower garden and grounds aro under tho caro of Mr. Bell, an experienced botanist, who oa this cocaiion acted os our cicerone, and almost bewildered us with the splendour and variety of the flowers, trees, shrubs, plants, and garden scenery with which we wero so agreeably surrounded. ".A FATAL EXPEDITION/'-With reference to a paragraph under this heading in yesterday's Empire, repeating, -with some expressions of doubt, tho statements of a person named James Smith, «s toan alleged fatal expedition down the Flindors Uiver, a gentleman recently from that part of tho country called at our office yesterday, for the purpose of express- ing his full conviction that tho~story of' Smith was an enormous exaggeration, if not entirely unfounded. ' We aro inclined, also, to take this view of tho matter, especially os the northern journals are silent' on the subject, but in all probability wo shall soon bo able to arrive at a more distinot conclusion. -Nsw YEAR'S WAITS.-Among tho various modes adoptod of welcoming the arrival of the new year, the choir of the Free Church of England, Bourke-street, met on tho broad balcony, in front of Mr. Kidman's shop, in the South Head Road, ' shortly beforo twelve o'clock, and performed several Ohristmas anthems. About SOO persons wera attracted to tho spot by the ßomowliat unusual sound, : and testified in a very marked manner their appreciation of tho music. CoxonEovriOHAi. Onunoa, PrrT-STnBKT.-It was generally understood that tho ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of tho additions to this church was to take place yesterday, but, owing to somo slight mis- understanding, tho ceremony ÍB appointed to tako place at noon on Thursday next The contractor and all the workmen wore in attondance yesterday morning at an early hour, and wero adjusting the stono ready for putting in place, when tho proper time appointed waa notified to them. RAILWAY EXCURSIONS.-Many persons availed them- selves of thc excursion rates to proceed to various places on tho lino of railway such os Burwood, Ashfield, Home- bush, Parramatta, Windsor, Richmond, and Penrith. At each of theso places festivities of somo kind wero going on in honour of tho New Tear and many children of various schools were observed to bo thoroughly enjoying themselves. TUB COAL STAITHS.-When will theso bo finished ' Aoouple of navvies and plate layers with material« foj ono good day's work would finish tho job off h'and and make it useful ; 'but here it stands, a laughing" stock for every passer by, a mark for scorn and con* tempt ; a specimen of tbe peddling work whioh hos brought tho country to the brink of ruin. If tho Government wish the world to know that thor are totally unfit for offlco, thoy can point to few things that shall bo botter evidence of thoir inaptitude for business than these unfinished coal staiths: the expenso already incurred is thrown - away and unproductive, for want of a fow loads of rubbish, a fow Bloopers and mils, which could all bo Çlaced in a few hours by two or tbrco able bodied men. nile of red tape in the old world I it is nothing to tho jobbing of this new ono. Is there no Minister for Works? Or is he unablo to grasp tho business of his offlco? Tho coal staiths are like a shoe whoso upper and lower leatbors gape unconncated for want'of two stitches; when will tho .word go forth for the finishing of tho job? If Government is fearful of losing a Northumberland vote by saying the word, let it give up the job, and allow-Morpeth to finish it; there is a handsome rental waiting- to be r»id. and tho naroo will UOt UUVÇ it. -Morpeth Lender, J i 