THE PUSEYITES AND THE ROMAN INQUISITION. , -A. ? The' Union Review publishes in original Latin first, a letter to Cardinal Patrizi, Prefect of the Holy Office, from one hundred and, ninety-eight deans, .canons, parish priests, and other priests of the Protestant Church of England ; and se condly,, the Cardinal's reply, which has a special interest just now, and a direct bearing upon Dr. Pusey's 'Eirenicon.' 'To the Most Eminent and Reverend Father in Christ, the Lord Cardinal Patrizi, Prefect of the Holy Office : Most Eminent Lord, — We, the undersigned deans, canons, parish priests, and other priests of the Anglo-Roman ?Catholic Church, vehemently longing for visible reunion between all parts of the Christian family .according to the will of Christ, have read with great sorrow your Eminence's letter to all the bishops of England. In this letter our society, instituted to promote the reunion of all Chris tianityj is accused of affirming in its programme that three communions— viz., the Roman Catho lic, , the Eastern, and the Anglican — claim for themselves, with equal right, the name of Catholic. But our programme passed no judgment what ever on that question. What we said touched a question of fact, not a question of right. We ^only affirm that the Anglican Church claims for itself the name of Catholic, and that is abun dantly clear to all, both from the Liturgy and from the articles of religion. Moreover, as to the intention of our society, it is asserted that our; main object is that the three communions, in their integrity, and each persisting in its per suasion, may simultaneously combine into one. ±- ar irom us ana irom our society oe sucn a scheme, from which no ecclesiastical unity would be to be hoped, but the strife of brethren hand to- hand fight under one roof. What we earnestly ask of Almighty God, and long for with all our hearts, is nothing but the ecclesiastical intercommunion which existed be fore the separation of easb and west, an eccle siastical intercommunion established and rivetted by the prof ession of one and the same; Catholic Faith. ' And our society ought to cause leas dis pleasure for this reason, that abstaining from action, it only prays that in the words of Christ our Lord there may be one Shepherd and one flock. We have no other wish, and we profess this judgement and desire to your Eminence with as much sincerity of heart and honesty of words as we are capable of. As to the periodical called the Union Review, between it and our society there is only a for tuitous eonjunation, and therefore we are in no wise bound by its utterances. Various writers, indeed, utter their own opinions in that work, yet so as that by the evolution of their judg ments thev truth of the Catholic Faith may shine forth more brightly. It is scarcely to be won dered at that this plan of co-operative writing is not in use at Rome where the controversies of the day are rarely agitated, but in England where -almost every question is submitted to the public, none is brought to a right conclusion without a free discussion. To hasten that result we have already worked for many years. Whatever may have been less perfect in the faith of the flock, in divine worship and in ecclesiastical discipline we .have improved beyond our hope ; and not to be forgetful of other things, we have shown an amount of goodwill towards the venerable Church of Rome, which had rendered us sus pected in the eyes of some. We humbly profess ourselves your Excellency's servants, seekers after Catholic unity.* To this address, which received one hundred and ninety-eight signatures, Cardinal Patrizi re plied as follows : — II. Worthy and Dear Sirs, — That, in your letter to me, you profess, with sincerity of heart, and honesty of words, to de sire that, according to the words of our Lord Jesus Christ, there may be one fold and one shepherd, inspires the Sacred Congregation with a. most pleasing hope that, by the grace of Jesus Christ, you will at length arrive at true unity. But you must beware lest, in seeking it, you de viate from the path. , And the Sacred Congre gation much regrets that this has actually oc curred to you by your adopting the notion that these associations of Christians belong to the true Church of Christ, as parts thereof, which boast that they have the inheritance of the priesthood and of the Catholic name, although they are divided and separated from the Chair of Peter. There is nothing more abhorrent to the government of the Catholic Church than that opinion. For the Catholic Church, as is pointed, out in my letter to the bishops of Eng land, is that Church which, being built upon one Peter, pesents itself a body knitted and kneaded together in the unity of faith and charity (St. Ambros. de Offie. Minster, lib. 3 c. 3, no; 19). That this union of faith and charity or of coin xaunion by the irreformable institution of Christ is not only a chief and fundamental property of the true Church, but also a most certain and «ver visible mark by which the Church herself may be safely and easily distinguished from all sects, will be ? most evidently; demonstrated , to you (if you will consider the matter carefully andcamly) by the testimony of Holy Writ, and the remarkable metaphors, parables, and fignres by;: which the Chiirch is delineated, and so to apeVk represented ; also by the illustrious records of ) ae Holy Fathers, and of , the most ancient Synods : also by the, the ..constant, course, of (pro cedure which the church from her commencement hatbi, been wont to follow against heretics and achis) 'atics of every sort, although many of them have\jlaimed for . themselves the inheritance of the Catholic name. As then the Church of Christ 'jj'iaU.ed Catholic, becauseof the perfect ..unity b.t'vf»Xfl^^l.«ommunion, which, among all _ nation^ s M.jafchrough every age, she most firmly Mtains ; sc*^n account of the same unity she is proclaimed. Holy tsuti Apostolic, and as without siich unity she would cease both de jure and de facto to be Catholic, so she would also be imme diately deprived of the marks of sanctity and of Apostolic succession.! (The Church of Christ- never has lost its unity and never will loose it even for the briefest in terval, because according to the Divine promise slje is to last for ever. But how can the Church be. supposed of everlasting duration, if each suc cepive age brought with it a new form and semblance in its essential state ; even as is the cape with ever changing worldly things ; and if th,e Church herself might thus gradually decline frpm that unity of faith and communion in which she was founded by Jesus Christ and thjen propagated by the Apostles. For St. Am briose says, ' the Kingdom of the Church shall remain for ever, therefore because faith is indi vidual, the body is one' (in Lub. lie. vii., No. 91.) And if the Church of Christ be inde fectible, it f ollowa that she must be called, and must be believed to. be, infallible in delivering the teaching of the Gospel ; and it is an un shaken dogma of the Catholic. faith that Christ our Lord by a miraculous gift conferred this prerogative or infallibility upon His Church, of which he is the head, spouse, and corner stone. Ana indeed, wnat sane man can suppose tnat tne public and solemn Government of the Church is liable to error, a Government which was insti tuted by Christ on purpose that henceforth we be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the wickedness of men, by cunning craftiness by . which they lie in wait to deceive (Ephesians iv., 14) ; a Government which he promised should never be deserted by His presence, and should be instructed in all truth by the Holy Ghost ; a Government by means of which He willed all nations to be called to the obedience of faith, and so to receive the doctrine of things to be believed and done, that whoever should not believe the preaching of the Apostles and of the legitimate successors should be condemned— a Government to which he gave the function and authority of prescribing the form of sound words in which all the teachable ones of God should agree. Hence Paul calls the Church the 'pillar and ground of truth' (1 Timothy iii. 15). But how would the Church be the ground of truth unless the truth were safely to be sought from her? The Holiest Fathers unanimously say and preach that in the unity of the Church the unity of Christ's faith and teaching is so fixed that one cannot be disjoined from the other. Which also is the drift of that golden sentence of St. Cyprian that the Church is the domicile of unity and truth (Epist viii. and Com. ap. Constant, no. 1). Nor has the Catholic Church ever had a doubt of the prerogative promised to her and communica ted by the constant presence of Christ and inspi ration of the Holy Ghost, whenever she has un dertaken to settle controversies of Faith, to inter pret the sense of Holy Scriptures, and to put to rout errors opposed to the deposit of revelation entrusted to her. For she hath always put forth and propounded her dogmatic definitions as a certain and immutable rule of faith ; to which, as a rule of faith, everyone was bound to give his interior assent without doubt, suspicion, or hesi tation ; whereas those who contumaciously opposed those definitions were adjudged to have thereby made shipwreck concerning the truth necessary for obtaining salvation and no longer to belong to the fold of Christ. These things show more clearly the absurdity of that figment of a Catholic Church made up of a coalation of three communions. The promoters of the figment are necessarily compelled to impugn the infalli bility of the Church. Further, it is equally certain that Jesus Christ in order that unity of faith and communion might be begotten and preserved for ever in the Church, and that by the appointment of a head, the occasion of schism, might be removed (St. Jerome, lib. i., adv. Jovin. no. 26) did chose by a special Providence blessed Peter before the other Apostles as their chief and a conspicuous centre and the bond of unity, and built His Church upon him and gave him the supreme charge and authority (to be continued to his suc cessors in every age) of feeding the whole flock, of confirming the brethren, and of binding and loosing over the whole world. This is the Catholic dogma. It was received from the I mouth of Christ ; it has been handed down and ? defended by the perennial preaching of the . Fathers ; and the Universal Church in every age hath most holily retained it, and has often con firmed it by the decrees of its Supreme Pontiffs and Councils against the errors of innovators. Wherefore that alone hath always been belived to be the Catholic Church which coheres in faith and communion with the chair of the Roman Pontiffs, the successors of Peter, and St. Cyprian therefore call that chair the root and matrix of the^Catholic Church (Epis. iv. ad Corneliuin ap. i Coustant No. 3), and the fathers and councils designate this chair alone by the antonomastic appellation of the Apostolic Chair. Sacerdotal unity took its rise from it (St. Cyprian, Epist. xii. ad Corn. ap. Constant, n. 14). From it the rights of holy communion flow to all. &Epist.; concilii Aquileiensis ad Gratianum imp. jjan. 381 inter Epistolas S. Ambrosii). In it Peter always lives, and presides over and leads the seekers after, the truth of faith (St. Peter Crysol. epist. ad Entych. Act. in. concilii Ephes. ap. Harduin, 1, 1748). St. Augustine trying to recal the Donatists, who were convicted of schism to the root and the vine from which they had departed, uses an argument common with the older fathers: 'Come brethren,, if you wish to be grafted on the vine, It pains us to , see you lying cut off. Count the priests from the very Chair of Peter, and, in that series , of fathers, see who suc ceeded whom. ,;. That is . the. o rock .which the proud gates of hell Conquer not (Psalm, in part, Donati). By which alone he sufficiently shows that he is not in the Catholic Church who is not in the Church of Peter, in which is. laid I the foundation of Catholic Unity. . And, in: the like sense, is St Jerome, to whom every one was profane who was not associated in communion f' \ \ A) ? js ? — ? ? — : wijbh the Chair of Peter, and with the Pontiff who sat therein.' 'Following none at first but Christ (thus he to Damasus) I am associated in communion with your blessedness, i.e., with the Chair of Peter. I know that the Church is busilt upon that rock. Whoever shall eat the lamb outside that house is profane. Whoever is not in the Ark of Noah shall perish in the deluge. Whoever gathereth not. with thee scat teiied'; — that is, who belongs not to Christ be longs to anti-Christ (Epist. 14, al. .57, ad. Damas. no! 2), and so St. Optatus, who celebrates that singular Chair known to all placed at Rome, in which unity must be so preserved by all that he is a schismatic and a heretic who over against that singular chair places any other. (De Schism Donatist. lib. ii. no. 2). And rightly so ; for, in the ordination and succession of. the Roman Pontiffs, as St. Trenseus openly proclaims to all, that tradition and application of truth in the Church reaches us which came from the Apostles, and this is the fullest evidence that it is one and the same vivifying faith which, from the Apostles, until now has been preserved and delivered in truth (Lib. iii. contra Hceres, cap. iii., No. 3 vet. interpr). Therefore, if it is the proper and perpetual mark of the true Church of Christ, that in the utmost unity of faith and social charity* it is contained, flourishes, and like a city placed on a hill, is evident at all times to all ; and if again, Christ has willed the Apostolic Chair of Peter to be the organ, bond, and centre of that unity, it follows that all societies whatever Beperated from the eternal and visible communion and obedience of the Roman Pontiff, cannot be the Church of Christ, and cannot in any way what ever belong to the Church of Christ, to that Church which in creed after the praise of the Trinity, is proposed as the object of our belief — a Church Holy— a Church One ; a Church True , a Church Catholic (St. Augustin de Symb. and Catech., cap.vi)— a Church which is called Catholic, not by its own children, but by all its enemies (St. Aug. de vera Relig., cap. vii) ; and has obtained the name of Catholic so exclusively that, though all. heretics wish themselves to be called Catholics, still, when any stranger asks, where do men meet for the Catholic service, no heretic dares to point to his own Church or his own house (St. Aug. contr. epist. fundam., cap iv., no, 5). A Church through which Christ imparts the benefits of the redemption as through a body most entirely joined to Himself a Church from which whoever is separated (though he may deem that he is living laudably, still for the sole crime that he is severed from the unity of Christ), shall not have life, but the anger of God abideth with him (St. Aug., cap. 141, al, 152, n. 5). It follows also both that the name of Catholic cannot beloHe bv right to such societies and also that it eannot be given them, in fact, without manifest heresy. Thence, worthy, and very dear sirs, you will see why this Sacred Congregation hath been so careful, that the faithful of Christ should not be suffered to co-operate with the society recently founded by you for the purpose, as you say, of promoting Christian unity and should not favour it in any way. You will also see that every at tempt to conciliate concord must necessarily fail unless it be reduced to those principles, accord ing to which the church was founded by Christ in the beginning, and afterwards in every future age propagated by the Apostles and their succes sors, one and the same over the whole world ; principles which are clearly exposed in the cele brated formula of Hormisdas, which it is certain was approved by the whole Catholic Church. Lastly, you will see that the (Acumenical inter communion of. which you speak before the Pho tian schism, existed because the Eastern Churches had not yet departed from the due obedience of the Apostolic Chair, and that it id not sufficient for restoration of this most desired in tercommunion, to lay aside hostility and hatred towards the Roman Church, but that you ought according to the precept and institute of Church, altogether to embrace the faith and communion of the Roman Church ; since as Venerable Bede that splendid ornament of your nation, saith : ' Whoever separate themselves in any manner from the unity of the faith, or from the society of him (Blessed Peter), such can neither be ab solved from the bonds of sinners nor enter the gates of the Kingdom of Heaven (Horn, in natali SS. Petri et Pauli). Worthy and dear Sirs, would that, as 'the Catholic Church has been proved to be one, and unable to be parted or divided, you would no longer hesitate to throw yourselves into the bosom of that Church, which by the confession of the human race, from the Apostolic See through the succession of its bishops, while* heretics have barked in vain around it, hath at tained the pinnacle of power (St. Aug. de util. credendi, c. xvii., No. 35). Would that the Holy Spirit would deign without delay to com plete and finish what He. hath begun in you by giving you good will towards His Church. . Our Most Holy Lord Pope Pius IX., together with his sacred congregation, wish this for you with his whole heart, and earnestly beseeches the God of Mercy and the Father of Lighf that you may all of you at length fly from' your disin herited state of separation to the inheritance of Christ — to the true Catholic Church to which your ancestors certainly belonged before the ( lamentable separation of the sixteenth century— and that you may happily deserve^tp receive' the I'oot of charity in the bond of peace and in the partnership of unity (St. Aug., ep. 61; al. 223, N,o. 2, cap. 69. 1. 238, No. 1).— Fare ye well. ? C. CakpTatbizi. ! Rome, this 8th day of November, 1865. ; A magistrate asked, a prisoner if ho were married. 'No,' replied tne;.. man.!'. 'Then,' rejoined his worship, amid pqals of laughter, 'fit is a good thing for your wife.' : It was a prime joke of Canning's,; who, when toLl by an eminent doctor that poverty, was a virtue, remarked that he had never known what necessity meant until than. 1 Why is iron sometimes like a band of robbers ? , Because it is united to steel. 