THE BALLAD OF TOM MOSS. BY HENRY KENDALL FAR down the Bush and in the fierce old times When every Forest had its tale of crimes, Annatanam the hill of tempest, wore A legend wild as darkness evermore; And few would stay--and few would dare to ford By night or day the pool of men abhorred! Deep in the gorges like an evil eye It glittered on the shuddering passer by; From left to right--from right to left it glowed, And there a demon had his fell abode; And there, if one might keep his heart, I ween, At moonset Moss the Murderer might be seen! Ah! through the hours when clifts did take the fogs, And bitterns boomed from out the seaside bogs, At bleak blown windows children held their breath And felt a subtle chill as cold as death! And maids with faces whiter than the foam That beat in starlight, prayed and hurried home. Yes, often, while the sun-forsaken spires Were vexed of blustering winds and livid fires, Grey mothers rocked them wildly to and fro, And told their beads, and moaned, and mumbled low, Because a piteous voice three times a tide Came down the flat, and waxed and waned, and died; And well they knew, by Him who died on Cross The cry--the sign of spectre-haunted Moss; Hear therefore thou the Ballad made of these, And sung within the call of wintery seas What time the thunder broke the hill in twain And all the World was gulfed in gloom and rain!-- Said a dream to a man in the night, when the moon was alone on the hill, "Alas for the shadow of light and the bloody hand beckoning still! "Is it well for thy body to sleep while apart by un- satisfied fires "There are watchers who wither and weep in the ashes of wasted desires? "Dost thou know," said the dream, to the man, "of the cry by the fall of the stream "Of the water which reddened and ran"--"Is there hope?" said the man to the dream. "Is there help in the sob of the rain--will the storm- wind have solace for thee? "Or the thunder abroad on the plain, or the flame on the foam of the sea? When the tumult dies down to a breath, and thou hearest the drip on the eaves, "Will death or the shadow of death be a thought with the fall of the leaves?" 'Go ask of the Forest, Tim Moss,' said the dream to the dreamer of dole, "What comfort should come to thy cross--what hope to the help of thy soul?" As a flaw that flies over the face--as a gust in the time of the snow, Where the ridges are cleft to the base, the wraith from the sleeper did so! Like the hand of one out in the cold, unhoused with the ruinous rains, A blast from the bleak bitter wold beat hard on the shutterless panes; And the lips of the sinner were pressed and the stranger forgotten of tears Hid his eyes, like a child, on his breast and wept for the weight of the years. Was the voice of the Vision a lie--did a false prophet whisper it all? Was there peace in the blue of the sky, or a sign in the spring or the fall? It was "O for the courage to turn like a boy to the fields of the Past, To sleep with the face in the fern and have a sweet moment at last." But the broken breath blew in the dark, and he saw through the gaps of the trees Annatanam sudden and stark, and the mists on the hills of the seas! A rift in the side of the steep, a pit in the thunder- black height! You might struggle and stumble and creep and grapple and grope for the light, You might hold by the sign of the Cross and pray out a passionate prayer For the Shadow that taunted Tom Moss had home in a perilous lair-- For a shriek and a moan from a mouth that never and never was found Came out of a fierceness of drouth like a fearful cry gulfed in the ground. Through a year and a night and a day the Terror abode in the glen; But Moss with the wraith on his way, had smothered his secret from men; But the Forester bleached in the clift, and the horrible signs of the strife Lay hid on the floor of the rift with the rust of the murderer's knife! Yea, one in the wilderness slept, afar from the women at home Who sat by the thresholds and wept in the wind and the roar of the foam. Did it lighten their sorrow a whit to hear of the end and to know Of the death in the dark of the pit and the Shadow at hunt for the foe? Alas! for the girl with the eyes more sweet than the light in the rain! And the sighs and suppression of sighs and the pain and the passion of pain! Was there help with the living or dead--was there solace below or above For the soul without rest for her head--for the love that had nothing to love? Tom Moss, like a mist in the time when the forests were heavy and black Was sesn of the bushmen to climb with a terrible fiend at his back! The steeps of Annatanam bear the dint of fierce feet in their side But none hath discovered the lair where Moss and the Nameless abide-- But none hath discovered the goal where hunted and hunter do stay, And the fathers pray on for the soul four times in the fall of the day! And the grey women croon by the hearths at the rise and the set of the moon; And the children have fear for the paths that lead to the mountain lagoon! But the wild dog is heard in the hour (afar in the depths of his den) When the ghosts of the troubled have power to come to the bedsides of men; But the plover calls out of the moor, and often and often they start At a sound like a step on the floor, and a touch like a hand on the heart. 