PUNCH'S PLAYGOING EXPERIENCES. The claims of Mrs. R. Heir to public recognition as an actress of first-class merit are too patent to need any more than a passing notice from Mr. Punch that her benefit will take place at the Vic toria Theatre on (this) Friday night, when Bulwer's excellent and popular play, the " Lady of Lyons," will afford the btneficiare an opportunity of appearing in one of the choicest of her many artistic assumptions — and, in fact, one in which she has no rival in the Aus tralian colonies. Claude Melnutte will be sustained by Mr. Robert Heir, who is peculiarly happy in the part, while the " good offices " of that excellent actor, Mr. Charles Young, will be enlisted to give effect to the representation of the bluff though genial old Colonel Damas. Mrs. Heir's popularity among the Sydney public, and her arduous exertions to please her patrons, deserve, as they will doubt less secure to her, a crowded attendance on the occasion. In the travesty of Fra Diavolo, produced at this theatre, it fell to Mr. Punch's lot to witness both the maximum and the minimum of bur lesque talent — the former afforded by Mr. C. Young in the character of Beppo — the latter by a debutante , to whom the nervousness of a first appearance affords no excuse for attempting a personation for which she has no requisite, beyond a good figure. Some people achieve greatness — some people have it thrust upon them — but there is little danger of either " consummation so devoutly to be wished " by the lady in question, being arrived at in defiance of the vox populi. Mr. and Mrs. George Case have continued their career at the School of Arts with such success that they have, as yet, had no oc casion to change their programme, and no wonder, for it is one of the most delightful entertainments of the kind ever presented to a Sydney audience. The versatility displayed by Miss Grace Egerton — we beg pardon — Mrs. Case — in her varied and widely-different personations, — her vocalization and the excellent songs in which she displays it to the very best advantage — the marvellous rapidity with j which she effects her numerous changes of costume and personal identity — the taste, elegance, and appropriateness of the aforesaid i costumes — and the literary merit of the entertainment itself are most 1 ! ably supplemented by the humour and eccentricities of Mr. George ; i Case, who displays an amount of histrionic ability second only to j I his musical proficiency on piano, violin, and above all, concertina. of which instrument he is facile princeps throughout the world, j In addition to what may be termed the entertainment proper, visitors are favoured with a peep into the " wonder- world, " in the shape of the Protean Cabinet, which involves one of the most incompre hensible but withal effective optical illusions ever exhibited, and ; which is calculated to send even Pepper's "Ghost " back " howling I to the shades below. " An entire change of programme is advertised I for the ensuing week, and there is no doubt that a long and successful ' season awaits this accomplished couple. I Every credit is due to Mr. Phillips, of the King-street Caffi, for ; his efforts to make the new Alhambra Music Hall, on the same pre- | mises, in every respect worthy of the patronage of the better classes 1 : who nightly patronise the " new sensation " in evening amusements, j j Both the quality of the entertainment provided and the quantity of ; ; visitors have steadily increased since the opening night, and there is : no doubt that ere long these evening concerts will become a perman- i ent institution in the city, and afford an agreeable relief to the mon otony to which pleasure- seekers are now restricted. Both the musical and vocal departments continue to give every satisfaction, and there is no place where an hour or so may be more pleasantly passed than in this cozy concert hall, where civility and comfort are combined with sedulous attention to the gratification of the lovers of good music. Several engagements are pending with male and female i artists of acknowledged ability, and Mr. Punch cordially wishes the entrepreneur the success he so eminently merits. i 