The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, Ac. CHAPTER XXV. "THIS is exceedingly kind of you, Agnes," said Mr. Norman, reining in his horse after a sharp canter, and giving his hand to that young lady, who, seated on Mr. Shepherd's pony, awaited him on the brow of a hill. " Kind of Mr. Shepherd you mean," she re torted, laughing. "How conld I have come without his aid?" "He was very glad to give it, doubtless, Naggle," responded Mr. Norman gallantly. " You are out there," returned the matter-of fact Agnei. " I had precious trouble to make him lend me this little half-starved beast of bis. It coat me three notes, a bunch of flowers— sentimental ones, rosebuds and forget-me-nots —a long tiresome walk with the poor lovelorn creature, and lastly—would you believe it ?—a lock of my hair!" Here Agnes laughed till the pony shook responsive, while Mr. Norman regarded her with a curious look—half admiration, half amusement "You certainly are clever," he said. "I wish I knew some one who wanted just such a wife as you, Agnes. I'd recommend you for promotion forthwith. What do you mean to do with this clerical admirer of yours ? WUI you marry him?" " No," said Agnes. " I don't think I'd enter the church under a bishop. Mr. Shepherd has got seventy-five pounds a year, and finds his own tracts and soup tickets. I'll leave him to the scrag of mutton to whom he is engaged." "Very well," returned Mr. Norman indo lently; "then that's settled. And meanwhile, you may break his heart if you will, Agnes. I really don't mind whose ponies or whose pills you have, so you always remain my fast friend." " Infinitely obliged to you," said Agnes, with a curl of her lip. "In what particular line of devotion are you going to put my friendship to the test to-day ? I presume you did not ask me to meet you here for nothing ?" " Bight, as you always are, Agnes," answered Mr. Norman in a languid tone. He put his hand to his brow and gazed down the road wearily, as if there was nothing more to be said on the subject. " Well!" exclaimed Agnes, jerking the pony's head round impatiently. "Is that all ? Why don't you speak out P" " I was merely going to lemark," said Mr. Norman more languidly still," that the ideas of June are come and gone, and so is our ' pale lover.' You see how true a prophet I am, Agnes." He looked up with a momentary glance of smiling triumph in his eye, and then, stooping, caressed his horse with a lazy, daintily-gloved hand. " Not that I take any credit to myself for my prophecy," he continued; it is so easy to fore see that a poor man must be driven by circum stances, while a rich one drives them." " What particular riroumstance did you drive in this instance P" asked Agnes cooly. "Was it a burglarious circumstance ?" "Ah! that was quite a providence, Agnes, was it not?" said Mr. Norman, patting his horse. " Beally, but for that charming thief, Bayner might have had the wherewithal to carry my pretty little Flo' to Ireland, and so balk me of my bride. But you see, Agnes, Providence interferes to protect a moneyed mail; it won't permit him to be disappointed and embittered." Agnes watched him as he said this with a very keen glance, not nnmingled with admira ration at his consummate coolness. " So you think Providence is on the side of money ?" she remarked shortly. " And the other party as well, Agnes," re turned Mr. Norman in his most -languid manner, as if so very trite and true a remark were a weariness to him; " that ancient gentle man likewise is always on the side of money." " I have never doubted that fact," observed Agnes, " sinoe I have had the pleasure of know ing you." Mr.'Norman laughed. " I take that as a compliment, Agnes," he said, " sinoe Plutus holds all the virtues in his service—courtesy, gentleness, refinement, honor, generosity, gratitude, all troop at his bidding. And I must be poor, indeed, if not one of these handmaidens of wealth is held by my purse- Btrings." The courtesy with which he said this, the perfect grace and ease of his manner, would hare charmed any woman but Agnes, bat she never understood him when he philosophised, and when he was over-fluent she suspected him. "It seems Plutus holds the vices, too, in his service," she retorted. "At all events, in this instance burglary troops in as a very opportune handmaiden. What does Mr. Grind say to that special Providence of yours, the thief P" Mr. Norman certainly winced at this abrupt question, for, turning his hone's head to the hedge, lie allowed him to crop a mouthful of grass before he answered it. 11 Mr. Grind says very little, Agnes; it is a sore subject with him; you know he lent the money to Mrs. Bayner." "Forseeing, I suppose," said Agnes with a smile on .her face, "that it would be of no ser vice to her son." " You give old Grind credit for a wonderful foresight, Agnes," replied Mr. Norman care lessly. " Now I rather think if any such pre science had haunted him, he would have taken some means to disappoint my ' providence,' as you amiably name that estimable burglar." " Oh, nonsense," retorted Agnes, " you and Mr. Grind understand each other perfectly." '* On all business matters I hope we do, Agnes, but in love affairs you see we differ. He has no mercy for what ho terms my infatua tion : he thinks a connection with jour family —excuse me, Agnes—would do the bank no good, and he loves the firm too well to let me injure it if he can help it. And, upon my word, ho is so muoh in the right—excuse me again— that when I accused him of advancing this money without my knowledge, and quite out of the way of business, merely to annoy and thwart me, and he replied he would certainly throw every hindrance in the way of my ruining him and myself ia such a marriage, I really had not a word to say in answer. So now that I hare the laugh against him, by the aid of that oblig ing robber, you may easily imagine the subject is by no means a pleasant one with my esteemed partner. It is quite amusing to see how he avoids it." Mr. Norman laughed musically, but neither his laugh nor the soft tones of his voice hindered Agnes from feeling the gall and the* sting in his speech. " If we are such a disreputable lot," she said shortly, " why don't you cut us altogether ? I am sure Fairy, for one, would be perfectly will ing you should drop us." Mr. Norman positively turned pale, and bringing his horse dose to Mr. Shepherd's much-enduring pony, he hud his hand on Agnes'. " Why do you say such coarse, cruel things, Agnes?" he demanded. "You know I cannot listen to Grind, you know I cannot leave you, l even if your family ruin me body and soul. I love your sister Fairy. lam bound hand and foet; she has chained me in fetters of fire and anguish. I am tormented night and day. I am mad, miserable, raging—if it were not for fear of consequences, I would snap, like threads, every tie that binds her to Bayner. I will have her. I care for nothing, neither her hate, nor her opposition, nor his puny love. Of what use is my money if it cannot buy me the only woman I ever loved ? And do I not bear my position of ' despised rival' with good-temper and ease?" he continued, cooling in his pas sion, and dropping his voice to its old softness. "Surely, Agnes, I play my miserable part gracefully enough, with smiling amiability and coolness. I know my fate if lam unsuccessful, and how I must sneak off the stage like a cir cumvented vfllian, while the 'happy lover' sings a charming ditty in which he tells the audience he is the best and noblest of men." Agnes, who had been a little frightened at the beginning of this speech, laughed at the end. "Well, Philip isn't a had fellow," she said. " And I am, I suppose," interrupted Mr. Norman. " I deny it lam no worse than others. And I love Fairy better than Philip . Bayner does, and with my means, I am more likely to give her a happy home than he is." Only she likes Phil," said Agnes. " She is pueh a fool you see." " She shaU like me, Agnes," returned Mr. Norman in a determined tone, "orrmafooL Even now she is obliged to give me credit for disinterestedness and some little generosity. What do I gain by an alliance with your family ? I dare not ask myself what I lose or what I risk. I do not wish to hurt your feel ings, Agnes, bnt the time is come when I must tell you the plain truth, otherwise I would not have said what I did just now about Mr. Grind. But you ought to know that he is no friend to Fairy—that is, as the future Mrs. Norman. I lose his esteem, I incur his sus picion, if I marry her. And I risk my mother's favor. Let me teU you a secret, Agnes; she chose a wife for me long ago—a girl with a hundred thousand pounds and a hundred | charms as weU. I have seen her—if I had never known Fairy I could have loved her weU enough. Good Heavens! it is I, Agnes, who am the fool To think that I fling away a girl like Miss Sinclair, and scatter all prudent con siderations to the winds, for the sake of a woman who is indifferent and cold to me as an icicle, and whose worldly position is that of a beggar. Truly this passion has erased my brain, and I am a demented man, or an idiot" Did Mr. Norman wish to frighten Agnes with the idea, that she might yet lose all chance of a rich brother-in- law, or was he for once speaking reason to his own hot, passionate heart ? Agnes could not tell, but at all events she dared not this time take offence at any of the unpleasant truths contained in his speech. "Miss Sin clair!" she said uneasily. "Is she General Sinclair's daughter?" Mr Norman nodded. His energy had died away, and indolence and | indifference sat on every feature of his hand some face. " Then she is the daughter of Mrs. Bayner's old friend," observed Agnes. " I don't care whose daughter she is," said Mr. Norman, " nor whose wife she is." His listless tone seemed to say he eared for no thing. " She has money enough to buy herself happiness if the article is to be bought, and I hope she will get it at a cheaper price than it seems I have to pay for it." "Idon't see that you are paying so much," remarked Agnes curtly; "for, after all, the money you let mamma and me " i " Oh, Agnes, Agnes!" exclaimed Mr. Norman | wearily; "how often shall I teU you that lam a gentleman ? I was not thinking of money." " WeU, if you are not thinking of money, and you won't tell me what yon are thinking of," said Agnes abruptly, "I had better go home." She stopped the pony in his ambling walk, and turned his head towards Willowdean. Mr. Norman regarded her with a sad expres sion. " So you won't spare me any pain, Agnes ?" "If you mean that I am to guess at your dirty work, and do it without being asked," she responded indignantly, "then I answer X certainly won't" Mr. Norman, with weary eyes, looked into her bold, handsome face, and sighed. "I scarcely know what we are fencing about this morning," he said, "nor why I should mind speaking out to you, Agnes. Bo you recollect my telling you once there was a time for all things, even for revenge ?" " Ah, now we are coming to it, I suppose," observed the young lady grimly. "Do get on faster. Fm tired. You'll go home to a good dinner, and a good sleep if you choose. I shall hare neither. And. I must humbug and flatter my saintly admirer, and tell fibs to pa and ma, before I get a cup of bad tea and some bread and-scrape." ' " What a pity we are not in Paris, Agnes! What a dinner I would give myself the pleasure of sharing with you! And what a glorious bottle of Chambertin we'd finish between us! And then we'd go to the opera." Mr. Norman gave a glance all around—there was not a soul on the lonely road, and stooping low over Mr. Shepherd's pony, he imprinted a light kias on Agnes's flushed and pleasure sparkling face. " For old friendship's sake," he said softly. " Ah, don't make one wild!" she exclaimed; " don't make one think of Paris, and dinners, and operas, in contest with such a home as mine!" " Is there any reason why you should stay in it ?" asked her companion in his most insinuat ing voice. " Why should we not go to Paris in a month or two, Agnes—you, Fairy, and I?" There was something in the picture that flushed bis own cheek and made his voice tremble. He took Agnes's hand as he spoke, and drawing off the little glove, he caressed it softly, watching at the same time the crimson glow which spread itself in a warm flush over her face and neck. ■ "If yon married Fray, would you take me to Fans ?" the asked eagerly. "Would I take you, Agnes!" remonstrated Mr. Norman, while hit eoft fingers in their gentle preuure seemed to repeat the reproach. " Bhoold I not be proud to take such a sifter anywhere?" "And there is only this horrid Philip Bayner in the way," said Agnes. " WeU, what is it you want me to do ?" " Anything your rerenge dictates, Agnes." "Oh, that's bosh, my revenge!" she re turned. "Just at present Fat more spiteful against Mrs. Tapes and Fred. Fhflperse than I am against PhiL" " But if spite against Phfl pmgt the best ?— and you do owe him a tremendous grudge, you know, Agnes. And betides, why should he ruin all our schemes of pleasure, as I foresee he will?" continued Mr. Korman, relinquishing her hand, and riding on moodily. "He won't if I can prevent him," cried Agnes. " Just give me your advice, Leslie." "Well, since you ask me, I should say, don't let one of his absurd letters reach Fairy's hands. Stop them, every one, and hers too. That is the surest way of breaking a ridiculous, im possible engagement, which is undermining Fairy's health and happiness. I see no harm in giving you this advice, Agnes. I mean well to you all, and I foresee nothing butmkery and ruin for your family unless your sister can be got to like me. And on my honor, Agnes, I will be a good husband to her and a kind brother to you." He had turned his head away from Agnes as he first spoke, amdkepthueyesonthegrouad,but now he raised them and looked at her as if he wished his face to vouch for his sincerity. He is humbugging himself, thought Agnes, but he shan't humbug me. " Do you want me to be transported*" she said. "I can't steal letters out of the Post Office." "You are in the same house with Fairy— need I ten you that there are a hundred ways?" expostulated Mr. Norman. " And as for those letters that you cannot hinder from finding their way to the post, there are means even then. Have I told you that I have "^"-'ptttil some of your revenge on Mrs. Tapes? I al ways think of you, Agnes. Her old incapable mother is displaced at the Willowdean office, and by my interest the brother of one of my clerks is appointed postmaster. He is a very deserving young fellow, Agnes, quite worthy of any notice you may show him. Suppose you bestowed some of the smiles and bouquets on him you now waste on your saintly admirer, what then?" "Why then I expect I should never get another ride," laughed Agnes. "What a dodger you are! you are up to everything; you really deserve success." Mr. Norman winced slightly under her ap probation of his merits, and sneweiul a Ettle shortly— " Then is all settled, Agnes ?" "Well, I don't know," she said. "I don't care a fiurthing for Mr. Shepkerd, bat I am wry fond of his pony. It is heart- breaking to give up a little animal one has got attached to." "I am sorry it is a personal attachment, Agnes, because I think a friend might lend you a better horse." "Oh, indeed!" replied Agnes carelessly. "Bat unless the friend's hone would be so accommodating as to live without eon, and be clean without grooming, I really think my affec tion for the pony will hinder my borrowing him." "The horse I speak of, Agnes, wffleome to your gate groomed, lied, and saddled whenever you require him. My clerk's brother wffl see to that." There was a moment's silence, during which Agnes fixed her eyes on Mr. Norman's free, and seemed struck by its deep ssdnoss " You look as miserable as if you were going to be hanged," she remarked. " I wonder you don't give up this humbugging aflair altogether. You are surely rich enough to be happy with out my sickly, sentimental sister. Oh, would'nt I be jolly if I had your money !" "There's where the thorn enters the flesh again," he returned. "1 cannot be happy without her, and why should not my wealth buy her for me? Why should I fix my heart on the only woman " M Who isnotin themoney market," said Agnes. Mr. Norman shook his head as though it were not that he was going to say, and they rode on for a minute in sflenee. "You see," he observed abruptly, "I am paying a price a thousand times higher **»ft» mere money " "Yes, certainly you are playing rather a dangerous game," she responded. " How have you slept since the burglary business ?" " I can't say it has disturbed my slumbers, Agnes," he replied. " Well, I must confess you are even cooler than I thought you," she said. " When I saw you jump the wall that night I declare I was dumbfbundered with fright," " What waU ?—what night ?—what are you talking about ?" asked Mr. Norman in a sort of l*ly surprise, turning his horse to look at Agnes. " How well you do it!" she said, lifting her handsome brows under the shadow of her hat in admiration of his acting. "The robbery night, to be sure. I can tell you I nearly lost my wits on seeing you, and it was only by a great effort I regained my presence of mind and pat Phil, on the wrong scent." Leaning his hand on his saddle, Mr. Norman stared in amazement at Agnes, and then burst into a light laugh. " I knew your opinion of me was not a flattering one," he said, "but really I was not aware you did me the honor to believe me a I burglar." "And it was not you?" "Of course not," he rejoined. "Are yon mad, Agnes?" " Then aU I can say," she returned, looking him full in the face, "is that there are two of you in the world. If that was not you who scrambled over the wall it was your ghost, and the sooner you introduce me to your double the better I shall be pleased. Considering what friends you and I are, he might take a fancy to me and marry me." " When you find him I sincerely hope he may, Agnes; and rest assured when I find him I win hasten to do the honors of an introduc tion. But meanwhile you must permit me to doubt both your eyesight and your penetration. I don't believe in the likeness you speak of; the moonlight deceived you. And may I ask by what train of thought you connected me with this gentleman, and traced a likeness be tween us ? I believe lam not even acquainted with a pickpocket, much less a burglar. My friends who rob their fellow-men are in a much higher class in their profession, and they ply their calling under quite different methods. They and I, of course, scorn these low depre dators on society, who rob so nnsoieatiacally as to be found out and got called by their right Mr. Norman's languid meaner made this quite a long speech, and If at yawned at the end of it. "I don't want to philosophise on society," she said, shrugging her shoulders; "let's stick to business, Was it you or was it not?'' " I shell not even take the trouble to say no," returned Mr. Norman, riding on slightly ahead. Agnes was ponied. "The man looked like you," she said smologetieaUy. " There was no 'train of thought*—l don't trouble myself to think very often—leading me to likenesses. The fellow's bat Cell off wbenhe jumped from the wall, and then all at one* it flashed into my mind, • Thai's Leslie Norman in disguise.'" "Very r—r,nisnlsrj to Leslie Norman's manners, morals and appearance," observed that grntlnsnsn, checking his horse for Agnes to join him. "Have you told anybody else of that singular flash which fli—«*tii your mind so flatteringly for mo r "Don't be stupid," expostulated Agnes; "I am not a fool I hope.** "Well, then, Agnes, if this is not some ab surd jest of yours, let mo eeaneal you to keep that flash in a dark lantern. Mr. Grind is singularly jealous of the good name of the firm * Norms* and Grind;' it would not be at aU agreeable to bis fillings to hear of a likeness between the head partner and a burglar. It is rather dangerous talk, Naggb, so after you have told me in what the sspposed lit—as con stated, sad what the nan wore, and sil the rest of it, well drop the subject for ever. Good heavens! why old Grind would either swoop down upon you for libel, Eke a tearing, howl ing, easting, grinding steam mill, steam saw, and hsssaisr aU in one, or else he'd actually believe the story, and m that case he'd be down «nm ma." The tone of mtsrsst sad fifr m which Mr. Norawaattaredthi* sentence partly frightened Agnes, so after hastening to assure him of her ■fl—os, ■*» fare him as mints a description as she could of the thief, mingled with a afight apology for her mistake. "And now let me say one word more about those letters," she eontiausd. " I wOl run no risks, mind, sad no matter how ' deserving* your young friend may be, I eaa do nothing at lorn* without maims and Boots. And ma has got a onaacienw., sad you'll have to pot the screw on pretty bard bs ibre you'll bKad ft." "Then wosjasf pot the screw on, Agnes," said Mr. Norman with a half sigh. "I am going to Paris next week; I can't help what Grind may do in my sbsenre. And, Agass, let me toll you ban earnestly that there is nothing Grind will not risk to break off my rnwutimi with your fcamOy. Ho has no pity for say of you; besr this uauad sad beware of him." "I know 1m is a hard- hearted, money-grub bing old bssst," lasaondcd Agnes. "I wonder you don't paysomobsdy tokifl him. Do you mean to call at our floarishing ■■■a'ni to say good-bye?" "No, Agnes," rstarasd Mr. Norman mourn fully; "loaamot trust myself. I wffl never see Vawyafsintmieaalook on boras mine. If I could act an m&flarent; part, if I could play that little Sinclair card and frighten your father sad mother with the idea that I was in kvta with bar thousands, I'd esll; as it is I will and my adisax in a letter." «Wsu!" suaiiiMd Agnes, "youdo astonish me! I hare always looked upon yoaas a sort of human encumber, you wore so cooL Fairy has worked a miraeie. I wish some one would fall in lor* with me in this bond, headlong way." Agass spoke in a vexed tone, and bar hand some fsos expressed an iatenee disgast and irri tation. Mr. Vorawa observed it. "Agnes," he said, «I wish you kasw bow gratofal lam to yon for so patiently bearing with me. It is more agreeable to play principal than e»Jt«aaafe m a love aflair, I know, bnt when yon and I and Fairy are ia Paris you shall not regret your r4U. n Sightly mollified, Agnes asked in a softer tone bow long he was going to stay away. "I don't know," he answered. "My mother has her favorite Miss Sinclair with her, and I sapposs she wffl keep me as long as she oan." "I would advise you to play that Sinclair card in your letter," said Agnes confidentially. "It wfll frighten ma tremendously. But after all you mother may persuade you to take her. She is Tory pretty you say, sad yon are very fickle; you may fall in love with her yet." "I did that long ago, and it's over," re joined Mr. Norman, hiding a yawn with his white glove. "What do you suppose I did with myself after yon quitted Paris till I came here and saw Fairy ? I fell in love of course. My mother had the girl at the boose on a match-making scheme, and I thought myself very amiable m yielding to her earnest wish that I should mtkft myself agreeable." Agnes bit her lip, and from beneath her lashes a look of contempt and scorn flashed out for a moment, then she laughed. "I hope Missffadair will think yon 'very amiable' too," she said, "and the general as we!L" "The general doesn't know I have ever seen bis daughter. And she was only a little school, girl, as amasiag ss a kitten and as sly. Agnes, you are tared to death, m take yon home as far as the Willowdean gate." When they parted, Mr. Norman gave back the little glove which he had drawn off with those long, soft, caressing fingers of his. "It is quite a shabby little glove, Agass," he said. "Buy yourself a new pair for oar next ride." In taking it Agnes felt a crisp bit of paper within, whose magic touch brought a beautiful sparkle to her eyes as she smiled adieu. [to as ooßToruzD.) Tn condition of many of the old stamen and marines who were go foolish m to leave Green wich HospiM when tue offer wu mad* to them of an increased pajment is now Tery serious. The poor creatures hare, in nnnwioiu instances, forestalled the receipt of their pens ions : and if the Lords of the Admiralty do not decide upon throwing open the Hospital once more, on the Ist of next October (of which we now hear there is a doubt), the gates of more than one workhouse will open for the entry of a large body of the gallant, bat improTident Teterans, who hare fought and bled to maintain the honor of the British flag.— Army and Navy QautU. Buobi the Great Yarmouth Commission, Mr. H. B. Harmcr, a Cooaerratire solicitor, deposed:—At the hut election I asked one man for his rote. He said," What is your figure ?" I asked him what he meant? He said, " Tou know well enough; is it an inch and a half or two inches?" I was perfectly disgusted and walked away. Two inches meant £SQ, and an inch and a half £16. It did not astonish me, but I was disgusted. I thought it was a funny and extraordinary expression; we had heard of " sugar" but not of " inches" before. 