NATIONAL EDUCATION. To the Star of the Herald. I Sir, While enjoying g n quite shy in the- country I came ', HCH'sa a great number of the Church fahrenheit, containing or. races with the above til le. which him firmly living his voted toby 01.0 rejoin icriispoudcut«, Thoignjruuo ned t readiness displayed in that article are very culpable, infernally when set in silver that the paper in question in the Dagun cf in imported t religious body. But I do not mi on to go into What a matter seriously at present, 1 only white cap the story produced by the visit i to prove the ii inn at St therefrom tonight in National Seh oils, and to illustrate to him the fact (which of course he knows per feels will nightly) that eyes " the wife dut turn of the >i(i-tlth' Creek and the New Testament" is not it sufficient; to permit those children from such lamentable gave me co The incident I am about to relate occurred during the exact nature of a Church if England she is in a populous district not very far from Sydney. The names and dates can easily be supplied, if wanted. The man motor was ex f among the highest class, and was hearing the in repeat the ' Apostles'' Creed," which they were doing with connected ible flin ney. Incoming to the words " suffered under PmtiuB 1 later," he slipped him and asked what they m delivered by that No answer "Who was Prime Tilnto ?" " Our Saviour," said one " The Holy Ghost," suggested another At length, a little girl the Inivoit in the class, stepped out with a pleased, cent for long, red tail, ' Please, sir, Holy Mary In in the Denouu National school 1, the children in the realms I'm in line across the name Isfunh I hear an actor asked who he was t iNoaiawcr. He the said, " Ism it was a prophet, now what is proper' ' ' the response for war. time but, on Leu g proved one at length ventured the suggestion "A fisher as Such absurd uisplttVB may occur under any system, and it is finished to make use of them in any serious argument on the relative merits of the National and Denominational set nets, cult s, indeed, decided to bhjivnthat they occur much more frequently to the one of 283 than in the other. With one sentence in the Chit ck Chronicle I can only write, when the writer deny it c should gladly hill the reintroduction of Mr Cowper s Public Education Act of 1863 which, with a few slight in difications, would, we receive, be satisfactory to all par ties" But I believe I n is confidently Hipfalto Mr Cooper, that if the Church party had given him any encouragement or had even refrained from active opposition, his bill could have been pressed into by without any difficulty I felt then that the news ends of Denis irrational education were never likely to obtain a more liberal genuine him in. EDUCATOR. . 