NEW SOUTH WALES PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, January 2nd.' Tub Spbakf.k took the chair at twenty-nine minutes put 3 o'clock. PETITION. Mr. PICKERING presented a petition from Richard Coulton, Tamworth, complaining of the withdrawal of land which he had selected for conditional purchase, and praying that he might be allowed to retain the land, or that compensation should be granted him for the loss he had sustained. The petition was Eot received, the prayer being at variance with the conditions prescribed in the Standing Orders. APPRAISEMENT OF RUNS. Mr. LORD moved the adjournment of the House, in order to bring under notice the appraisements made by Mr. Rodd, which were so outrageously high and out of proportion to the grazing capabilities of the runs, as to be ruinous to the parties who had to pay. He (Mr. Lord was not directly interested in these runs, but a number of his constituents had desired that he should bring the matter under notice. Three appraisements, too, Were in his opinion illegal. He had recently asked the Acting Minister for Lands a question concerning; them, and he replied that this appraiser did not make the declaration as required by the Act. By that course alone the appraisements make by him were illegal. The Government, under the circumstances, ought to have ordered fresh appraisements, and it was desirable the House should know what course the Government intended to take in the matter. Mr. MARTIN also called the attention of Uta Colonial Secretary to complaints made of the appraisements by Mr. Bell in the Lachlan District, When this gentleman was appointed, he had thought a more unqualified person could not have been selected. He announced his intention to -. 'hold his court at a certain place, which also was announced in the Gazette as the place for holding appraisements. He placed himself in communication with some of the squatters, told them he was not at all favourable to the present Ministry, that he did not concur in their land policy, and that the squatters would find in him a friend, not a person capable or carrying out the arbitrary views of the Government as to the increase of income from the lands. He asked them to send returns of their appraisements to him as sole arbitrator and they no doubt, think- ing they would gain by it, seat in returns. But he deceived them. Then in another part of the district, fifteen miles away, he held his Court, without giving them sufficient notice to bring witnesses or to enable many of them to be present; and so far from being opposed to what he supposed to be the views of the Government as to the increase of taxation on the squatters, be doubled and trebled the rent of a large number of holdings which were now without water or grass. As an excuse for holding his court at this out-of-the-way place, and for donating from the place appointed in the first instance, he alleged that it was impossible for him to travel, the country being destitute of water and grass. Without knowing whether the Government had received any communications on these matters, he (Mr. Martin) might state that he had received several letters from persons of intelligence and respectability, who, he had no doubt, would communicate with the Government. Mr. COWPER had not the papers in reference to Mr. Rodd'sappraisements at hand, and was sorry that he could not go into on explanation of the matter, which he should be happy to do if some notice of motion on the subject were given. The question of illegality raised by Mr. Lord had been submitted to the Attorney-General, who was of opinion that although the appraiser did not take the oath or declaration, as required by law, it did not invalidate the award. Holding the office of Secretary for Lands only for a few days he (Mr Cowper) had not looked into the papers. He should on a future day, however, be prepared to make the fullest explanations required. Mr. ROBERTSON said that the hon. member for the Lachlan did not tell the House that the highly intelligent and respectable persons of whom he spoke concurred in the appointment of Mr. Bell as a suitable man to value these runs. The appointment of Mr. Bell was made by himself (Mr. Robertson), and there was a time when the hon. and learned member would have thought well of Mr. Bell's qualifications. That gentleman had been a squatter for many years in that part of the country, and had a large knowledge of the matter, as had been evidenced by the squatters concurring in his appointment. But they might have thought he was going to cheat the Government, They scarcely came here with clean hands when the hon. and learned member on their behalf justified their conduct by saying that they consented to his arbitration, not because he was a suitable man, but because they believed he was a corrupt man. That could be no ground for upsetting the appraisements. The Government never desired anything like corruption, and had no intention in appointing Mr. Bell to appraise the lands that he should do anything but what was fair and just between the public and individuals. With regard to Mr. Rodd, he (Mr. Robertson) was surprised that that gentleman having been a magistrate for more than twenty years should have committed such a mistake as to make these appraisements without taking the necessary oath. whether the Attorney-General was right or wrong as to the legality of the valuations, there could be no hesitation in saying that Mr. Rodd was blamable in the highest degree for the omission he made. He also ought to do . good judge of the value of runs, having been a squatter for forty years. When the adjudication took place there could be ample means of showing how these matters stood, Mr. MARTIN said the hon. member, more she, misrepre- sented what had been said by stating that the gentleman with whom he (Mr. Martin) had been in communication had been willing to co-operate with the appraiser in cheating the Government. He (Mr. Martin) had said his informants told him that the squatters believed that Mr. Bell, on his) Own statement, would take a favourable view of the matters with'whichhohad to deal and not assess so high as the Government wished, not that they conceive! they were doing anything wrong. They might have been of opinion that a low sale only was required. Mr. FORSTER entirely dissented from the views which had fallen from the hon. members on the other side, and was at a loss to see how the hon. member for Sydney West (Mr. Robertson) could have drawn the inference which he had from the statement which had been made by the hon. and learned member for the Lachlan. The gentlemen who had been referred to had, in his opinion, not acted so corruptly, as they had acted foolishly, in what had been made a very just subject of complaint. It seemed also to him that one of these gentlemen-Mr. Bell had, as a member of that House, been wanting in that integrity which might have been insisted upon by some of his friends as shewing that he was likely to he qualified for any such office as that with which he had been entrusted. Mr. Rodd (whose high character he did not deny) had, it was admitted, failed to make the legal declaration provided for by the Act before he made any appraisements, and were they to understand that so important a failure in the performance of his ¿otp by that gentleman was to be altogether overlooked by the Government ? If the Attorney-General only said that the appraisements were not invalidated by such an irregularity, there was not, as it would appear, anything further to be said about it. Then, as regarded the case of Mr. Bell, if that gentleman had done as it was stated he had changed the place where the court was to be held after the notice had been given-it did appear to him that such m shifting of the place where the cases were to be decided was a course of proceeding which practically did away with the validity of the notice area. (Hear.) He was glad that the hon. member for the Bogan had brought the matter forward. The papers ought to be brought forward, as he was happy to hear was proposed by the hon. the Colonial Secretary; and the matter ought not to stop there, for it ought to be made the subject of an' inquiry by a Select Committee of that House. Mr. HART said it was very hard to please the Opposi- tion. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member who had just sat down had over been ready to sound the praises of Mr. Bell. [Mr. FORSTER: When? when?] Often, when he was sitting and voting on the same side as the hon. member (No) Well then", at all events, the hon. member and h friends had always been very glad to set his vol. [Mr. FORSTER: "Hear, hear and laughter on both. sides of the House When it was considered what a large number of appraisements had been made all over the country, and that of all that number only those cases could be animadverted upon, he thought that the inference was that these appraisements must, as a whole, have been very fairly made, notwithstanding all the forebodings in which Burns had thought proper to indulge. (Hear, hear.) When the hon. member who last addressed the House charged Mr. Bell with want of integrity as a member of that House, The hon. member said more than he could make good. Was it a fair thing that any such a charge as that should be be so made, especially against one who was no longer present to defend himself ? What would be said if the hon. member himself were to be charged, under similar circumstances, with a want of integrity ? Who was it that had always attacked the Government for giving way to local expenditure, and had yet afterwards found it convenient to come forward as the champion of local expenditure ? Some might equally consider that change to betray a want of integrity as a member of that House. (Hear, hear.) He made these observations because he had known Mr. Bell as a member of that House, and believed him to be deserving of respect. He thought if that gentleman had been guilty of any irregularity, it must have been more by an error of judgment than by breach of principle. Many new. members were in the habit of making statements about gentlemen which they would not like to make if those gentlemen were present. Mr. FORSTER had not charged Mr. Bell with want of integrity, but had said he had not seen that the conduct of that gentleman, when a member of that House, was of such ma integrity as qualified him for such an office. Mr. EGAN expressed his astonishment that the hon, members opposite (Mr. Hart) should come forward as the apologist of the Government, He did not impugn the conduct of Mr. Bell, but had been surprised to see that the Government and their supporters could think themselves at liberty to laugh atthabero supposition that the squatters had been taken in in their appraisements. He supposed that the hon. member for Sydney West (Mr. Robertson) could not contemplate the possibility of rejoining the present Government, when he openly differed from the opinion of the Attorney-General in regard to the case of Mr. Rodd's not facing the declaration before he made the appraisements. Mr. WILSON could not see how it was possible for the Attorney-General to come to the opinion he had expressed to the case. Under the fourteenth section of the Act, he had come, it appeared, to the conclusion that the omission of the taking of the oath pre . scribed for the appraiser was only an irregularity that might be legally dispensed with. But the omission of that one, was not a mere matter of form ; if it were, the same the Act were burned the better. (Hear, hear.) He agreed with the hon. member for the Hastings in thinking that these appraisements ought to be referred to a select committee. It had been stated, as against Mr. Bell, that on three runs on the Lachlan, of equal value, there had been a remarkable difference in the appraisement. Two of them had only been assessed at £100 per annum, and the third had been raised to £209. It was necessary for Mr. Bell's character that the truth of such statements should be investigated. The Crown Lands Alienation Act had been almost annihilated by the recent assessments as regarded free selection. (No, no.) He stated that nearly the whole of the public lands available for free elections in the settled districts had been reserved by the Government. And at whose instance, had these lands been reserved ? I r the occupiers and Ioasholdors-the squatters themselves. Each squatter had picked out the eyes of his run, asked the Government to reserve them, and the application had been granted. And not only had the Government reserve! these portions which would be of benefit to the public, but in some instances the whole country had been referred. He could name the Yanko Creek, in the Billabong country, for instance. About twelve years ago the squatters cut a canal from the Yanko Creek to the Murrumbidgee River, in order that the waters of the Murrumbidgee might Mo IT into it. The land was of little value when the canal was cut, but so valuable had it become now that the other day a gentleman sold his interest in a run at the back of the creek for £50,000. The squatters had now got the Government to reserve the land on both sides of the creek ; but he maintained that the proceeding was an ideal one. The Government must be able to show that the land was reserved for water purposes, or for other purposes for the benefit of the country. The Government had gone far beyond the powers conferred by the Act. When in 1858 the then hon. member for Balranald, Mr. Morris, moved an amendment to make certain reservations, the House rejected it and the hon. member for West Sydney, Mr. Robertson then Minister for Lands said he would not accede to it. He would have free selection all over the country or none at all. If hon. members had known that under the bill a large tract of land would be reserved from the operation of free selection at the instance of the squatters, they never would have passed the bill. In making agricultural areas they were supposed to select the boat and throw them open to the public, but now they had actually shut them up from selection. He did not mean to say that it was improper in certain cases to reserve the land from free selection, but he did not think the Minister for Lands should have hinted to the squatters, as he did in September last, what parts of the country should be reserved from free selection. [Mr. ROBERTSON: It was four years ago.] In September last the hon, gentleman called upon the squatters to make demands for reservations, whereas if he had done his duty, he would have told them, when applications were made, that they were too late, or at the least the applications should have been referred to some responsible person, for it was then impossible for any Government to make the necessary inquiries. He thought the benefits calculated to be conferred by the Land Bill had been entirely nullified by the present Government. He thought a committee- should be appointed to inquire into the principle upon which the appraisements had been made. He believed that in many cases runs had been leased for far below what the lessees were willing to give. With regard to Mr. Bell, he had heard reports questioning the justice of an appraisement made by him, and he thought this another reason why a committee of inquiry should be appointed. Mr. BUCHANAN was not surprised at anything that the Govornment might do, or what they might compel their supporters to do. A system had now been introduced by which the benefits of free selection had been nullified. He never approved of the Land Bill. The very fact that in the Land Act the power to make these reservations was left, proved its incompleteness. When Mr. White introduced his motion last session, to give the squatters an extension of their leases, he (Mr. Buchanan) was accused of deserting his principles ; but he had always been favourable to giving the squatters an extension of their losses, He regretted exceedingly that the agricultural and pastoral interests had been brought into Buen ruinous and violent collision. j Far his part, he thought it would be far better to have large areas open to free selection in each district, without interfering with the pastoral interest at all. Under these circumstances he would give the squatters a twenty years' lease of their runs. The hon. member for West Sydney knew that the free selectors had not now the ghost of a chance, the squatters having sent in applications for reservations which, in every case, had been allowed. There was consequently nothing in the country but more scrub to select from. If the hon. member for West Sydney, Mr. Robertson, joined the present Government, as had been intimated, and sanctioned the proceedings of the Government in regard to these reservations he (Mr. Buchanan) ventured to predict that the electors of West Sydney would reject him by an enormous majority. He ventured to say, more over that no other member of the Government, after sanctioning this wholesale spoliation of the lands of the colony, would dare to show his face before his constituents. He would like to hear some member of the Government, or some of their supporters, explain to the House what was meant by this, one now far it had all been done for the purpose of warding off an adverse vote. It was well known that the squatters, as a body, supported the Government on a recent occasion when their late was trembling in the balance. The reason for their so doing had now been made manifest, since they had got from this Government what they never could have expected. But he believed that this matter would not be allowed to pass over peaceably, but such action would be taken as would leave the Government but very little support. Their supporters would not dare to stand by them in this gross iniquity ; or, if they did, they might be sure of a terrible retribution when they came before their constituents. Mr. ROBERTSON rose to make a few remarks in reference to these reservations, if the House would permit him to do to. When the Land Law passed the Legislature it was alleged that the free selectors would pick the eyes out of the country, and that the wells, water-holes, and huts would be seized upon by them to the injury of the squatter. He had stated then that there was ample provision in the bill for everything of the kind; and that if the water or other sites were taken it would be the fault of the squatters themselves, or of the Minister administering the law, and not of the law itself. At the close of 1861, when the eight jean,' leases were about to expire, a large number of reserva- tions in the lands held under these leases were made and subsequently, from time to time, reservations had been made for water supply from one end of the country to the other, whenever the had been applied for. Now every one know that a large number of leases expired at the end of 1865 ; so that just as in the case of the eight years' leases, a rush of applications for reservations on these lands were put in prior to those of the term. He was in office at the time, and, as it seemed to him, they were put in in so blind a manner, and without any guide before the applicants as to what the Government would be willing to grant or would be likely to refuse that, in order to facilitate the business of the office, he had a memorandum printed for general information. In this the mode of application was pointed out, and a brief statement was made as to what the Government would be likely to accede to. It was there stated that where there was no back water, a reserve of one mile frontage for every four miles of water frontage would be allowed as a reservation for the beneficial use of the back land. Also, that where there was back water a reserva- tion of a sufficient proportion of the back water would be made, and then only one mile in five of the water frontage would be reserved. It also limited the back water reservation, by stating that in no case should they exceed six hundred and forty acres for every four thousand acres. There was on intimation that these reservations were not to be made in favour of the squatter or any one else, but for the use of the public estate. That had been the principle of the land law. The reservations were made for the sake of the public estate, so that neither the free selector on the one hand, nor the squatter on the other, should be able to pick out the eyes of the country. He had been so engaged upon his own business that he had not been able to give these reservations the amount of attention which they deserved ; but on looking ever them he had been enabled to find only one case in which he believed there had been a departure from the principles of the law. I In the case of the Morago run, there were reservations ' made for cattle camps and he could see nothing under the law that would justify the reservation of cattle camps as in such. He had certainly intimated that where water could be beneficially reserved, it would be as well to include the cattle camps in the area. The statement, however, that 27,000 acres had been reserved out of 32,000 acres, which I was said to be the area of the run, was a mistake for he knew of his own knowledge that it contained 80 000 acres. But even with 80 000 acres, if so much as 27,000 acres had been reserved, then there had been a departure from the principle contended for in the land law, arising, however, solely from some error that must have crept in amongst so many applications. He desired, however, to say that he had not looked very carefully through this matter, but he promised that he would do be with the great- I cast care, and that he would faithfully express to the House j the opinion he might form on the subject when the proper time came for doing so. But he felt sure that this, being the only instance where a reserve for cattle camps had been made, was altogether an exceptional case, and that it got into the list of reservations entirely by a fluke. Mr. EGAN objected to the hon. gentleman rising to speak a second time as the apologist of the Government. The hon. gentleman had not been a member of the Govern- ment at the time the reservations were made, and could know nothing about them. Mr. ROBERTSON said he had only risen to speak of being challenged by hon. members opposite to state his opinion on the subject. He had been dared to rise and de- fend himself in the matter ; but it would seem that the hon. member for Eden did not like him to make these kind of explanations. [Mr. EGAN explained that the objection he took was, that the hon. member had no right to speak a second time.] But the House had thought otherwise and had decided that he had a right to speak again. He was saying, with regard to this More go run, that instead of its containing 32,000 acres, he was aware that there were at least 80,000. But even if there were 80 000 acres, he could not see the justification or the necessity for the reserves that had been made ; first, with regard to the class of reserves for a cattle camp or second, as to the amount of acreage under whatever cuss the reservations might have been made. But on looking through the Gazette and it would have taken some days to have read all that had came out since he took office he was not able to see one ran, excepting this, where a cattle camp reserve had been made and it seemed to him, therefore, that this reservation . had got in by a fluke, by some accident. That was his opinion of it. He was referring to what was the principle of these reserves, for he was desirous of again stating that he had not gone through the list of reserves as published. And he said that the principle of reserving one mile to every five miles of the frontage where there was back water, and one mile to every four where there was no back water, was a good a sound, and a beneficial principle for the public interest, that it was one in accordance with the letter and with the spirit of the law, and was one that would not in. any way interfere with the rights of purchasers either as free selectors or as any other class The principle was one that no Government, acting fairly towards the public interest, could refuse to carry out. For be it remembered that the of lands were not handed over to the squatters or to any one else and when it was at one time alleged that the squatters would be permitted to pick the eyes out of the country by means of these reserves, he used to say that, so far from that being the case, these reserves would be made for the public interest for the preservation of the public property - (hear, hear, oh! only for the purpose of preventing the squatters, or the free selectors, or any one else, from picking out the eyes of the country. That was his opinion, and had always been his opinion. The hon. member for Patrick's Plains had alleged that those reservations had been made by the Government at the time that the amend ment of the hon. member (Mr Parkes) was before the House, and when the Government wished to conciliate the squatting members. But the hon. gentleman (Mr. Wilson) knew very well that a great number of reserves, and quite as large as those in question, were made at the end of 1861, when there was no such motion before the House. As he understood it, these reserves had not exceeded one mile of frontage for every five miles where there was back water, and one mile frontage for every four where there was no back water. He said, that if this rule has been maintained it was just the very same rule that had been laid down at the end of 1861. There was, then, no motion before the House ; but this continual allegation that the Government, or the members of this House, must do everything from corrupt motives, and that, when a mistake occurred (as appeared to have occurred in the case of the Mtrcgo run), there could be no other reason for it but corruption, was to his mind very unfair. He thought that the name of the owner of the run he had referred to was Mr. Chase-that he had fourteen miles of river frontage and that four miles had been reserved on that frontage. Now, he thought that four miles was more than ought to have been reserved. But who was this Mr. Chase ? Who ever heard of him of What influence could he bring to bear on the Government? [Mr. WILSON : What about the Billibong ?"] That was a run on which there was artificial water. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Wilson) had held the office of Minister for Lands for more than a year, and he ought not to try to mystify the country, and to mis- represent the facts in this case. He (Mr. Robertson) was speaking of the reservations of natural water, and the hon. gentleman interrupted him by referring to what had been done at Billibong where there was no water, but what was artificial. But with reference to the Morogo run, he believer that more land had been reserved than was warrantable with regard to the public interest for he denied that any of those reserves ought to be made on any other ground than that of the public interest. He held that when these reserves were applied for by the squatters, whether the application was initiated by the squatter or by the surveyor, on behalf of the Government, the reservations ought to be only made under the recommendation of the Surveyor-General, and with the sanction of a Minister. If the Government were to allow the squatter on the one hand, or the free selector on the other, or the free selector and the squatter together to take up the whole of the water frontage, what then would be said of them ? It would be said that they had allowed the public estate to be destroyed, and that they had not provided sufficiently for the protection of the water. He did not think that any man in the House who knew anything of the interior of this country, would deny that if the back plains, where there was no water, were to be made available, if we were to continue to claim from the holders and occupiers of these plains any rental at all, we must see that neither these holders nor occupiers on the one hand, or any other people on the other, were permitted to buy up the whole of the water frontage, thereby entirely destroying their value, and turning them into barren wastes. Not one half of the runs had at present been appraised, and already we have £320,000 a year for the UBo, not for the sale, of these public lands. Without these reservations he did not refer to those particular reserves that had been gazetted, for again he guarded himself by saying that he had not examined them but without these proper reservations to enable the utilisation of the back country, we should lose that large income, and should have no beneficial return to the public revenue atwell com- mensurate with the loss. These reservations were made on the application of the surveyor on the one hand, or of the squatter on the other, it might be sometimes on the application of both. They were examined by the Department in Sydney ; they were nearly all in the North and the West. The Surveyor General, Mr. Davidson, had spent twenty- five years of his life in the western part of the country. The Deputy Surveyor-General, Mr. Adams, who is a most intelligent and well-informed officer, had spent a long period twenty years, he thought-in the South". The applications had to pass under the eyes of these officers, and the reservations were only made under their recommondation to the Minister. He meant that that was how they ought to be made ; he had, home first to last, admitted that he did not know how they were made. But he believed that the reservations had been made under this Minute of his. He believed that they had been made under the recommondation of the "urveyorGcaral with regard to the Western country, and under the recommendation of the Deputy Surveyor-General with regard to the Southern country; both of these gentlemen being well acquainted with those respective countries. No one denied their thorough acquaintance with those great districts and as he understood it, these i reservations had been made, or ought to have been made, only under their recommendation. The hon. member ferP. '. ick's Plains had asked, how about the Billibong ? He assured that hon. gentleman, an his honour, that he had not read the Gazelle. He was told that a very large amount of land had been reserved at Billibong; but he was told that this reservation was merely for artificial water - merely on the water course where there was no water at all, until some £12,000 or £13,000 was expended by the occupier of the run. Well, that was a reason why it might be fairly dealt with on different principles to a run where the water was found in its natural state. He was not prepared to go the length of saying that it was wise or politic to reserve so large a quantity of land on the Morogo run; but he was not going to say, on the other hand, that because that land had been reserved, there must necessarily have been corruption or fraud, or on intention to destroy the rights of the free selectors, or anything of that kind. The same with regard to Yanco Creek ; he believed that more than £12,000 or £13,000 had been spent on that run in forming an artificial water supply. He believed that any one who read the 13th clause of the Act would see that the whole spirit of the law was, that these people should have the right of going on whatever land was not reserved for public purposes or was not improved. He did not think that the spirit of the law meant that if a man made a large waterhole on some arid plain, where no free selector ever dreamt of going, that he should be allowed to go and take up that water-course. At the same time there was a limit to these reservations, and if, as had been alleged, four miles of water frontage had been reserved on the Morago run, it was not wise. Hon. members must remember that the whole matter was capable of immediate revision, that the reservations were all temporary until examined and surveyed and he would submit to this House and the country that if his hon. friend the Chief Secretary had been in doubt as to what he ought to do, it was his duty to make the larger and not the smaller reservation (hear, hear) because if a smaller reservation were made than what was necessary for the public interest, the land might be seized upon by some one in antagonism to the public interest. But if too large a reserve was made, it was capable of immediate reduction by any new Minister, either upon an expression of opinion from this House, or by any light that might be brought to bear on it in the offices. He could not understand why a party scrimmage should be made of the matter, or why on attempt should be made to obtain political capital by misrepresenting it. (" Oh, oh.") These reservations were capable of rescission in one moment, and the wisest course that could have been pursued was to make large reservations rather than smaller ones. Mr. COWPER said what had been done in this matter was only in accordance with what was contained in the provisions of the 4th and 13th clauses of the Act; and, in the course adopted, there had been neither a deviation from the law nor a disregard of public interests. He had not had t T.o to make inquiries as to these reserves. He believed, however, in the case of this run set down at 32,000 acres there had been an error, and that it was 80 000 acres. The Deputy Surveyor-General informed him that the papers were not yet accessible, and that, according to the scale as shown in the notice, the reserve was larger than appeared to be justifiable. His impression was that there had been some mistake about this I particular run. A paragraph in Mr Robertson's memorandum might have led to this error. If any mistake had occurred, he (Mr. Cowper) could only say that he was not to blame, and that in the course took he had a desire to injure one class or specially benefit another, he distinctly and positively denied. The reserve on Yanko Creek was recommended by a most faithful public officer, and so with regard to others, whilst on the recommendation of the Surveyor-General some had been refused. Injustice to Mr. Forlonge, he must say that never during his (Mr, Cowper's) official career as Colonial Secretary or Minister for Lands, had that gentleman, either in writing, that he was aware of by personal interview, or personal communication either in or out of the House, spoken to him with regard to any particular matter connected with the administration of the lands. Mr. Robertson, in 1861, published three hundred reserves altogether, and Sir; Wilson had also made some reserves. In a circular dated the 9th December, 1864, the Deputy Surveyor-General said :- " As at the end of the ensuing year the leases in the squatting districts will expire, and the land will be open to conditional purchase, it is necessary that measures should be taken to prevent a monopoly of the supply of water, which, in the Western district!, is particularly scarce. so I have therefore the honour to request that you will be food enough to prepare descriptions of reserves from conditional purchase, for water supply and other public purposes, embracing the most valuable watering places may be known to you, and that you will mark them upon the ground at the points where they abut upon the water, and continue that marking for a short day was, perhaps half a mile, sufficient to indicate the direction of the lines. 1 , . . , . 3\. These reservations should, in some instances, extend for several miles into the back country, and in every case far enough to avoid the possibility of their being shut up by the detection of portions crossing than, which would defeat the street in which they are designed, viz., that of providing for the supply of water to the Hack country, not only the lands available for sale but also for lease on the principal stream in the squatting districts is much og one-fifth of the frontage may be reserved extending back so far as may be deemed necessary to prevent defeat. ? 4. The position and width of the reserves will depend upon their local merits, and to a certain extent upon the most judicious arrangements for maintaining cattle or sheep upon the back country, and in three cases much valuable information may be gathered from the lessees. 5\. A sketch Illustrative of some of the various forms of the reservations is enclosed for your guidance. Ample consideration was given to the matter, and subsequently a letter was sent from the Surveyor-General's Office, dated the 9th August, 1865, to this effect Referring to the 3rd paragraph of my circular of the 9th December last, the subject of proposed reserves from sale, etc, for water supply for squatting runs, I have the honour to inform you that where the back country may be without permanent, or comparatively permanent water, the frontage of the resources may be increased to one-fourth of the frontage which the runs may have to any rivers, creeks, &c.; 2\. To prevent misapprehension, I think it necessary to state that the M) reserves, which will be made under the 4th section of the Alienation Act, will not withdraw the lands from lease, or in any way interfere with the rights of the licensed occupants of the run on which they may be made. For public watering places, either for travelling teams and stock, or for the benefit of settlers not immediately adjoining ? the water, reserves of a more permanent character will be made, and the lands withdrawn from lease, under the 5th section of the Occupation Act. It is therefore necessary that you should state distinctly in your report the purpose for which the reserves you may propose are required, and whether they should be treated under the 4th section of the Alienation Act, or the 8th section of the Occupation Act. 3\. For ) our guidance I enclose a sketch, illustrating the manner of dealing with certain cases frequently occurring in practice. In another memorandum this matter was generally explained : It may not be generally known that steps have been taken by the Minister for Lands to prevent undue alienation of the water frontage of the squatting runs to the prejudice of the public estate and of the interests of the pastoral tenants of the Crown, where the leases expire at the end of the current year. In December last a circular letter was addressed to the Govern ment surveyors, directing them to mark out reserves from sale for the purpose of maintaining a supply of water to the back country -the reserves to embrace one-fifth of the whole frontage of the run and the most valuable watering places, and to extend from the frontage far enough back to provide uninterrupted access to water-'. An extension of this principle has now been made, and from the following circular, which has been sent to the surveyors, it will be seen that one- fourth of the frontage may be withheld in localities where water is scarce. If he (Mr. Cowper) was generally aware of these matters, how anxious must be the Minister for Lands as to the state of things at the end of 1865 ? In a memorandum, the Deputy Surveyor-General said, " As the time of the falling in of the leases approached, it was evident that the surveyors could not keep pace with the necessities of the case, and Mr. Secretary Robertson caused the notice which appeared in the public papers to be prepared, calling the attention of the lessees of Crown lands to the necessity of provision for water supply and late in September last, a memorandum was printed explanatory of the principle, and distributed to the public. The area falling out of lease on the 31st December is about 268,800 Xi. in mites.. The area already withdrawn is at 3100 square miles. Of the latter quantity, about 300 square miles have been withdrawn from time to time, and all previous to the issue of the Gazette of the 23rd instant. This was then the injustice and oppression to which the free selector had been subjected by the administration of the law. Not only was there this enormous amount of territory thrown open to them, but these reserves might be re- scinded at any time. It had been said that if it had been known that these reserves would be made, larger sums might have been obtained for the leased lands. The appraisers were generally aware that this would be the case, and the assertion that the public interest had been damnified through the want of information with regard to the matter was quite fallacious. It was only right and proper that large reserves should be made, and if he had made too many, or any mistake had been made, he must admit it was owing to his being misled by officials. But if it were so, the remedy was very easy. Proclamations could be immediately issued cancelling the whole reserves ; but until the House took action in the matter the conditional purchaser had quite domain enough to select from. Mr. LUCAS said that no doubt there would be a greater domain open to the free- selector than hitherto, but it was a question whether the best portion of the lands had not been reserved from free selection. The danger was that the conditional purchaser would not know where to select. For himself he need scarcely say that he was, of course, alive to the necessity of making large reserves, because, in a country badly watered a right of access to the rivers was indispensable. But what he contended for was that no reserves should be made until the land was surveyed. If this plan were followed out the free selector would be enabled to know what land was reserved, and what was not. The debate, however, was forestalling one which must come on in the course of a fortnight, on the motion of the hon. member for Kiama. He thought it quite right that these reserves should be inquired into, and had no doubt that they would be. As regarded Mr. Rodd, it might be that that gentleman had acted uprightly in his assessments, but he had heard of cases in which it had been distinctly stated, and on reliable authority, that Mr. Rodd had increased rents on certain runs as much as a hundred per cent., whilst in other cases, where the runs belonged to parties with whom he was on visiting terms, he had not increased the rent at all. He hoped that they would soon have an opportunity of examining that gentleman, and if these statements should be disproved, he (Mr. Lucas) should be very glad of it. In that House, no doubt, the squatters were largely represented, but it must also be remembered that the free t electors, a class three times as numerous as the squatters, were spread throughout the length and breadth of the country, and that if they should only have reason to sup- 1 so that the squatters were trying to strangle free selection, future elections would soon cause the squatters to be greatly thumb red in the House. He would vote for stopping the sum now, and so do what he could to send the House to the country, if he should have reason to think that free selection were likely to be interfered with. Mr. LAYCOCK thought that it had been the duty of the Secretary for Lands to see that the words I' Cattle camp" was not inserted. Cattle camps were always on rising grounds, and as such best adapted for agricultural operations. He confessed that he had no good opinion of these appi Risers of runs, as a class, and that he thought a good many of them deserved to be tarred and feathered. I (Laughter.) He must say that he altogether dissented from the remarks of the hon. member for Sydney East (Mr. Hart), respecting the hon. member for Hastings. The hon. member for Sydney East had charged Mr. Forster with being a local member, whereas that hon. member had only consistently uphold what was their common right in regard to the expenditure of the public money, which was a not of local use but for the benefit of all. Mr. LORD was satisfied that all these appraisements which Mr. Plunkett had held to be valid were illegal, and should press his motion. The question was then put and negatived. ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE. Mr. MARTIN begged to ask, before they should proceed to further business, whether there was any prospect of the Ministry being reconstructed? He did not ask with any desire to impede the business of the House, but thought it might be attended with inconvenience if they should go on until the Ministerial departments in which there were vacancies were filled up. Mr. COWPER said that he was not prepared to make a statement yet, and, having been very unwell for the but few days, he had not been able to give the attention to the public interests which they demanded. He might state, however, that he had devoted a considerable amount of attention to the subject of retrenchment since the House met. He did not desire, however, to stop the business of the House, if hon. members wished to go on. He hoped to be prepared with some statement that day week, when the chamber would be better fitted for the reception of the Assembly. Mr. MARTIN : Why not move the adjournment then ? Mr. COWPER moved that the House do adjourn until that day week. Mr. MARTIN seconded the motion. Mr. WILSON said if the adjournment was only moved by the Colonial Secretary, on the ground of the state of his health, he (Mr. Wilson) would not object. They had entered, however, upon another year and had as yet made no progress with the estimates. Mr. DONNELLY opposed the adjournment. Mr. MARTIN spoke in support of the motion for the adjournment. They could not be expected to go on with the business of the country until the vacancies in the Adminstration were filled up. He thought sufficient reason had been shown for the proposed adjournment. Mr. FORSTER was opposed to putting off the public business. If the hon. gentleman's health was not sufficient to attend to the duties of his office, then he (Mr. F.) would not object to the adjournment, but he thought the other reasons put forward insufficient and almost ludicrous. He (Mr. F.) had been accused by hon. members on the other side of the House of being hungry for office, but on the paper were a number of motions in his name having reference to matters which in no way affected the Government, and without any party object, but so far he had found great difficulty in obtaining a quorum even when any of these questions had been under discussion. Then why this delay ? There was no guarantee that the offices would be filled at the end of another week. He saw with regret the indisposition of hon. members to attend to the public business. It seemed to him that the only question they had to discuss was whether the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government should be dictator of the country. He should not complain if the hon. gentleman had no colleagues provided the public business could go on. Had , members seemed to be anxious to get back to their Christmas sports and amusements, and therefore he would not detain them longer. Mr. PARKES rrm'it'"'"^ that to adjourn now would be mere child's play and stultification. A motion was put on the paper previous to the adjournment for the holidays, and for adjournment till the 2nd of January, and after two or three amendments had Men put and rejected the original motion was adopted, and he could not see why the public business should not now be proceeded with. Who ever I heard of the House of Commons adjourning in consequence of the illness of a Minister ? This be considered was the 1 very but reason for adjournment. It was true the Ministry I was not fully organised, but this was nothing new. One office had been vacant three months, and another three weeks, and there was no reason for believing that either would be filled in another week. Mr. BUCHANAN protested against the proposed adjournment. Mr. BURDEKIN supported the motion for adjourn- ment. After some remarks by Mr. LAYCOCK, the question. in put and carried on the ol_wingdÍT¡_»: Mr. Cowper Smart ' returnees Hilda Hart Josephson Robertson Ayes, ii. Mr. Ostler - Neale ; Tunks ' Lucas Laycock Martin Edgar Noes, r. Mr. Buchanan (Jarrett Mr. Gordon Mtdear , Lord ,' radio Isaacs Pickering Burdekin Mr. Forster Mr. Buchanan Mr. Parkes ) noises, Wilson (Jarrett Donnelly ( 1?u,e^8. Tighe The House adjourned at twenty minutes past 6 o'clock until 3 o'clock on Tuesday next. 