THE CLAIMS OP "PRINCESS OLIVE," RYVE8 T. THE ATTORNEY- GENERAL." In the Divorce Court on 1st June, before the Lord Chief Justlco Cockburn, the Lord Chief Baron, and the Judgc-Ordinnry, and a special Jury. Dr. J. W. Smith anil Mr. D. M. Tliomns ">« |R.iinuiior ; Willi viiu Aiiorno v uGticrM were the Solioltor-Genoral, the Queen's "Advocate, Mr. Hannen, and Mr. R. Bourke. In this suit, whicc was a petition under the Legitimacy Declaration Act, the petitioner, Lavinin .Tnnnftn Wnshn TCvena nf O J n t , ....v.. .W.» J V | VI aa VjeurMlUU fltrect, Camden Town, prayed tlint lier mother. Olive Wihnot 8erre.% may be declared to be the legitimate daughter of iicnrv Frederick Duke of Cumberland and of OUre Wilmot, his wife. The learned counsel (Dr. Smitli) opened the case at considerable length, hut the facta lie within a narrow cempnss, nnd will be beat stated by being thrown into Hie form of a narrative. The Rev. Dr. James Wilmot, the petitioner's great grandfather, was educated at Trinity Col- leere, Oxford, ©f which he subsequently became a bellow. Early in his career— but at what par» ticular date doea. not appear— he contracted n private but lepal marriage, according to n certifi cate under his own hand, with tbe Princess of Poland, daughter of Stanislaus, Inst king of that country. The issue of such marriage was one child, a daughter, Olive. As she grew up. she attracted much attention in consequence of her beauty and accomplishments; and at the age of nineteen a formal offer of marriago was made to ker by Ilia Royal IIIglincFS Ilenvy Frederick Duke of Cumberland, the brother of Kin» George the Third. The offer was accepted, and the marriage took place on the 4th March, 1707, at the house of Lord Archer, in Grosvenor street. The ceremony wns private; it was performed bv the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, tho bride's father, and it was witnessed by the Earl of Chatham (then Mr. Pitt), tho Earl of Warwick, ami Lord Archer. It is alleged tlrnt the duke's brotiicr King George Hie Third, was also present. Ilij Royal Highness grow tired of this union in the course of a lew years, nnd on the 2nd October, 1771, his first wife, the Princess Olive, belig then niive. lie contracted a second nnd bigninous marriage with Lady Ann Horton, daughter of Simon, first Karl of Corbnmpton, ami widow of Christopher Horton, Esq., of Cotton Hall, in the county of Derby. On the 3rd April, 1772, the Princess Olive wns delivered nt Warwick of a female child, who was also called Olive, nnd some taw years afterwards that unhappy lady died in France, it is said of a broken heart. King George was so indignant at the conduct of lib brother that he refused to the last to receive him or Lady Horton at Court ; but knowing tiie consequences to which his bigamous marriage exposed liira, Ufa Majesty did all in his power to screen him from the consequences ol his guilt. He directed that tiie Infant Olive should be rehaptized, nnd repre sented as the child of Robert Wilmot, Dr. James Wilmot's brother, but ho at tlio same time took every precaution thnt. while he shielded the Duke of Cumberlsnd from tlio lognl consequences or his crime, he rIiouLI in nn wnv imnnxn it.. tion «f tlio lawful Duchess Olive or the legiti macy of her infant dnughtcr. Willi this view, His Majesty from time to time put tlio royal sign- manual to several certificates, all in acknowledg ment of the legitimacy of his " niece Olive," nnd hkewise made temporary pecuniary provision for her support, as appears by the following docu ment :— "This is (o declare that Lord Chatham hinds himself to pay to the Duke of Cumberland's infant dnugliter the yearly sum of L500 during the said Olive's life, until a more suitable provision is made for her— acting by the command of His Majesty. In witness and confirmation of the same his lord ship places his signature, this 1st day of Mav, 1773\. (Signed) Robert Wilmot, J. Wil mot, Georoe R., Chatham. Witness-" Apparently on the snme dote not only was there n new acknowledgment of the legitimacy of the infant, but a further provision was maao for its support, ns was shown by the following docu ment : — " George R.— We declare the birth of Olive, the infant of the Duke of Cumberland, by Olive, ids duchess, lo he legi'imatc, who is condemned to privacy by the net of bigamy committed by jior royal father. (Signed) Warwick, Chatham, J. Wilmot, J. Dunning." " Kew Palace, 1st May, 177 — , '' George R. — Whereas we command that L5990 be applied for flic benefit of Olive, the infant of our brother. (Signed) " Warwick." Hnving thus borne testimony to (lie legitimacy of the child, and made provision for its mainte- ' nance, the King further determined to confer upon her distinction that had never previously hcen borne by nny hut members of the Royal family. He accordingly, in the following grant, ennobled the Princess when only a little more than one year of age :— " George R. — We hereby are pleased to create Olive of Cumberland Duchess oi Lancaster; ami to grant our royal authority for Olive, our said niece, to bear and use the title nnd arms of Lan caster, should she be in existence nt tho period of our Royal demise. Given at our Palace of St, Jnincs's, 21st May, 1773. (Signed) Chatham, J. Dunning." Seven years afterwards, nnd notwithstanding the decease of its unfortunate mother, who died in France In 1774, the King still retained his affectionate interest for theinfnnt, nnd his nnxiety to repair as far ns possible the Injustice which was being done to her. He in consequence attached lib sign-manual to the following Document : — " George R. — We nre hereby pleased to re commend Olive, our niece, lo our faithful Lords nnd Commons (or protection and support, should site be in existence at the period of our rovai demise, such being Olive Wilmot, tho supposed daughter of Robert Wilmot, of Warwick. (Signed) J. Dunning, Robert Wilmot. 7th January, 1780." On an earlier date, also, 2nd Juno, 1774, his Majesty made provision for hor iu the following document, which many years' later, in 1822, nn effort was made to establish as a will. It tan thus :— "St. James's.- George R.— In case of our royal demise, we give awl bequeath to Olive, our brother of Cumberland's daughter, the sum of L15,800, commanding our heir and successor to pay lite same, privately, to our said niece, for her use, as a recompense for the misfortunes she may have known though her father. Witness, J. Dunning, Chatham, Warwick. 2nd June, 1774." These and the other documents connected with the marriage were deposited with Lord Wnrwtak, whom the learned counsel stated lie should be able to show was also n member of the royal family, and cousin of the Princess Olive. He held them as trustee on the understanding that they should not be made puhlic until after George the Third's dentil. He, however, became seriously ill in 1815, nnd then, feeling that his death, which took place m the course of the following yenr, was npproachinn, lie delivered up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. Set'res, in the presence of His Royal Highness the late Duke of Kent. The Princess Olive then, for the first time, be came aware ef her renl parentage ami position. She had been reared in tiie family of Mr. Robert Wilmot, but her taste for drawing was such that she was brought tip to London in 1791 witli the view of affording her mi opportunity of cultiva ting tiie talent. Here she became acquainted with Mr. John Thomas Scrrcs, a painter ot marine subjects, mid was married to him on tlie'lst Sep tember, 1792. Of this marriage (our children were the result. The two eldest died young ; the third, the petitioner, was born on the 10th March, 1797 ; the fourth, a dnugliter, horn in 1802, also survives. Domestic differences nrose between the hither nnd mother, and in 1603 a formal separation took place under the provisions of a deed. It is alleged tlrnt on the delivery up of the papers by Lord Warwick, the Duke of Kent ever" afterwards recognised Mrs, Serrcs ns his cousin, and tlint he actually allowed her L400 a year while he lived. These arc the facts of the ease so far ns they boar«m the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland with Olive Wilmot. Efforts have in vain been made for nearly hall a century to obtain a recognition ofit, but until the passing of the Legitimacy Declaration Act no legal pro ceeding could be instituted to establish it. The Aet was passed in 1858 ; in 1850 Mrs. Hy ves (who conducted her own case) presented a potition nnd obtained n decree declaring the validity of the marriage of Sir. John Thomas Serres witli Olive Wilmot; nnd she now seeks, by tho present proceedings, to establish tho legitimacy of her mother, who, in the suit of 1859, wns simply treated as Olive Wilmot, nnd not as Die Princess Olive. Tlio documents relied on in support oi the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland, and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerous, and they contain. what purport to be 16 signatures of , Lotil Chatham, 12 of Mr. Dunt'.mg (afterwards Lord Aahburton), ono of Lord Archer, 12 of George III., 18 of the Duke of Kent, 32 of the Earl of Warwick, 13 ol Dr. Wilmot, 1 of the Duke of Cumberland, and 1 of lifa wife. And re- liance is nl«o plnceil on a portrait of the Princess Olive, whirl) it fa said benrs a striking likeness to the rovai family. In order to account for the pains which King Giorge III, was nt to shield j tiie Duko of Cumberland from the penal come alienees of his etimo of bbmny, it is alleged that Ufa Mnjesty himself wns also guilty of bigamy, and tlint this fact was within the knowledge of his brother and tiie Rev. Dr. Wilmot, who, on the 17th April, 1759, performed the eereinotty of mar riage between His Majesty and Hannnli Light- foot. Tho marriage was celebrated twice. On tbe first occasion the lady waa erro neously described ns Hannah Wlioeier, nnd herico tho necessity for seconil solemnisation. The first was performed at Kew, the second at Pcckhnra. In respect of tlifa marriage, there are the following certificates : — " Tills Is to solemnly certify that I married George, Prince of Wales, to Princess Hnnnsh, ills first consort, April 17, 1750, and that two princes nnd a princess were the issue of eucit marriage, J. Wilmot." " London, April 2, 176-. This fa to certify to all it may concern that 1 lawfully married Gforgc J'-Tr'U" "j VTalc?' t0 IIanm,h Ligbtfoot, April 17,' 17o9, and that two cans nnd n daughter iic the issue of such marriage. J. Wilmot, Chatham, J. Dunning." " P,ril,17' ?7P0' ,Tllc mifriagc of these parties was this day duly solemnised nt Kew Chapel, ac cording to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, by myself. J. Wilmot, Georoe P.. Hannah. Witness to this marriage, William Pitt, Annb Tayler." "27th May, 1759.— Tills fa to certify thnt the marriage of these parties (George, Prince of Wales, to Hannah LFghtfoot) was duly solemnised tins inormug, according to the rites nnd cere monies oi the Church of England, at their residence, nt Pcckham, by myself. Witness to the marringc of there parlies, William Pitt J. Wilmot, Anne Tatler, George Guklth, Hannah Lioiitpoot." " I hereby certify that George, Prlneeof Wales, married Hannah Wheeler, alias Lightfoot, 17t!i April, 1759; but from finding the latter to he her right name, I solemnised tiie uainn of the snid parlies a secsnd time, 27th May, 1759, as the cer tificates affixed to fills paper will confirm. J. Wilmot." " llnrapstcad, 7th July, 1762.— Provided I depart this life I recommend in- two sons and my dnugliter to the kind protection of their rovai father my husband His Majesty George III,, bequeathing' whatever property I may die uos- scsseil of to 6ueh dear offspring of our ill-fated marriage. In case ol the dentil or sueli my chil dren, 1 give and bequeath to Olive Wilmot, the daughter of my best friend, Dr. Wiliuot, what- ?uCr Pr0Per'y ( am entitled to or possessed of at 3„ Jiith. Amen. Hannah Pitt " ess' ufi»ina, William In n i memorandum bearing date June, 1789, „ i "A0t d'rCCted his granddaughter to keep secret all the papers connected with litis marriage unless deserted by the royal family, when she might use them according to expediency. The rwuF.0 , 9.eofK Vlc,Tlliri1 wi"' the Princess Charlotte took place in 1701, and Haunah Light- foet was then alive. h During Dr. Smith's statement the Lord Chief Barou pointed out that il the alleged marriage between the Duke of Cumberland and Olivo Wilmot took plaee, then the marriage of their daughter with Mr. Serres was illegal, ns being in contravention of tho Royal Mnratage Aet ; and 'i?'!i d other hniid, the marriago of the now so- calied Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was esta blished, supposing such marriage to hare been without the royal consent, then clearly the 1 nncess Olive mart hare been illegitimate, aud no marriage could have tnken place between her mother and the Duke ofCumherland. Dr. Smith replied that he could not show that tho mnrringc of the Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was with the Royal consent, but it was legal under the Act as a marriago into a foreign family. The Judge- Ordinary also pointed out, if the marriage of vj GOrge ill. Wltll Hannah T.irrltifnnf nrno wnlln.1 on, any declaration of the Duke ol Kent as to the station of Olive Wilmot could not bo received as, II the marriage did tako place, His llovai Highucss would ho illegitimate. But it the mnrringc did not tako place, was tlio certificate a forgery ? and i one, why not all 7 Tho Attorney- General said he should he able to show tlrnt the whole inntter was a tfasue of fraud: fabrication, and forgery, and that the only excuso for it would be found ta insanity. On the 2nd June, a portrait of the Princess Ohye was produced, but not admitted: its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark. On the 6th June, Mr. Nether- clift, ait expert, was cxnmined 03 to the genuine ness ol the signatures; the general purport oi his evidettcp wns that tiiey were genuine, judging hv comparison with admittedly genuine documeuts. On the following day, however, the same witness retracted some of life opinions ; he doubted the genuineness of the signature J. Dunning. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert , t! j "-'"'jowledgcd to hnve taken the infant child oi the Duke of Cumberland, their niece mlo their joint protection. Comparing this with Mr. and Airs. VVihnot's signature to tho register of their marriage, lie thought it genuine ; hut on cross-examination he admitted tlint there were only small similarities aud great differences. As file care progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Nethorclift to be a forgery. Mrs. Ryycs, tho " Princess Olive," was first called on the afternoon of the 7th June, She is described as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble tiie portraits of the lost generation oi the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable ease nud selfpossension. She gave her evidence very clearly aud firmly, she repented with em- phnsis the oath administered to her to tell " nothing but the truth," nnd in the course of her examinn- tion, when n seat was offered her, she said she was not tired, and she could staixl for ever to protect the honour of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Air. Ry ves, which she said she had cnuse to remember. 1 1 took place in Novem ber, 1822, at St. George the iMartyr. Soutiiwark, and site obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birth of her son, the other petitioner, nt Vnuxlinll, in March, 1833. In 1859 she presented a petition for n decree dcciar- ing the validity of tiie lunniage of her lather aud mother, and iter own legitimacy— not, she said, from any motive of fraud, hut to establish those facts. The petition came on for hearing in 1861, tho trial lasted four days, and a decree wns pro nounced in iter favour. The Attorney-General wns represented at the lieariug by Air. Webby nnd Arr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The pro ceedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. Ryvcs then gave evidence as to her carlv history. Site snid " I was born in 1797, nnd I remember coming to Loudon from Liverpool with my futlicr nnd mother when I wns only two nnd n half years old. We lived in Hnrlcy street, at the British School of Artists, which my Inthcr founded. I lived with my father and mother until their separation in 1803, and after that I lived with my mother. I lelt school at the age oi thirteen." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting some declara tions mnde by Hnnnali Lightfoot. the nlleged wife of George III., nnd on the Court objecting tlint they had no evidence thnt Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George III., two documents professing to he certificates of the marriage were put iu, one signed " George P.," the other " George Guclpli." The Court, however, declared unanimously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit them to ho used. The petitioner then went on to narrate, with exceeding particu- tarity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to tier the secret of Iter birth, how her mother supplied the Earl witli means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessary docu- ments, ne neing nt tiie time so poor tlint he could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Airs, ltyvos said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, and how tiie earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petitioner's family. (t Tiie Duke of Kent, "said Airs. Ryves, " took each of tiie papers in his hand and exnmincd tham, nnd he expressed liimsell perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were in his father's writing. He acknowledged my mother as life cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, file only legitimate issue of the duke's marriage, nnd thnt for the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health thnt he might die at auy moment, lie would take on kimseli the sole protection and guardian ship of my mother nnd inc. From the peti tioner's further evidence it seems that tiie Earl of Warwick was under continual ohli- gntious to her mother in pecuniary matters, a the following day she stated that the Duke of Sussex, as well us the Duke of Kent, acknow ledged the signature of their father to the docu ments now produced. She also mentioned tlint she nnd tier mother iind frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, nnd tlint it was always given by cheque on Coutts' bnnk. She was then cross-examined nt grent length by the Attorney- General. It appeared from her evidence that her mother, Airs. Serres, wns an astioiogfet, a ghost- seer, nnd a literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people ef Poland stating that site lxid providentially discovered her descent from the roynl family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this puper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by n legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Airs. Serres had published a hook in which she claimed tiie authorship of " J unius" for Dr. Wihnot. It was stated that when a girl she Iind tnken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble iu, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, aud it hail remained in her possession forgotten until It was accidentally discovered by Airs. Ryves. On the 0th June, the inentorinl of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be acknowledged Princess Olive of Cumberland, was read. It dill bred in many important rcpfcta Irom the account al ready given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugent Boll, the "genealogical counsel" whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent Iielieved that Airs. Serres was redly Itgitimatu from 1815 to 1818, and that 6oinebody having then tol 1 him that the marriage of the Dnltc of Cumber land wns nullified by the Royal Alarringo Act, he persuaded her timt she was illegitimate tillNovem- lier, 1819, when she was informed by a clergyman that the net hnd not been passed' till five years niter. In tho memorial tho word "offapring" was spelt 'orfspring," and that error Airs. Ryvcs attributed to Air. Jit II; but a birthdny ode to the I rlnce of Wales, which Mrs. Serres had written with her own hand iu 1812, was found to contain the following lines : — Half valued, Hour oris? ring of nenren's smile. The greit and mi(hty tucobur of tliia hie. Thfe eccentric orthography was found lu several other autograph papers ol Mrs. Serres. The Attorney-General called for the originals of several documents printed in Mrs. Ry ves's pam phlet relating to the birth and identification of her mother, nnd other mntters, but they were not produced. Tho learned counsel read some " private and confidential" communications ad dressed by Mr. Bell to Henry Hoppers, E>q., Under-Sccrolnrv of State. In one of them, Mr, Bell stated thnt lie hnd seen certain papers in Mrs. Scrros's possession which be believed to he genuine, and tlint unless Her AIniesty diclarcd nur to De tno I'rlnceis or Lurabcrlnnd, within a few hours the papers would be given to the public and a revolution might bo brought nhout. In nnother Air. Bell said that lie had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr. Wilmot, staling that life late Mnjesty George I II. wns married at Kew, to Hnntmh Lightfoot, in 1759 ; tlio second, Bignod hy " J. Dunning" aud " Clintliam," stating thnt life late majesty wns married to Queen Charlotte, nfter the death' of Queen Han nah in January, 1705, by Dr. Aroore; nnd the third, signed bv life late majesty, declaring Wil liam Ilenry to ho life first legitimate son. The witness hnd heard some rumours about the sub ject of the second certificate, hut the had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Aloore wns a friend of Dr. Wilmot. Medical evidence ns to the sanity of the late Princess Olive was then tendered, and n docu ment said to ho the will of the Earl of Warwick, dated 22nd June, 1812, leaving his real nnd per- sonnl estate conditionally to Olive, Princess of Cumberland, was put in. On the 13th June the Attorney- General opened the defence, statiug tlint the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and quoting as proof the bond entered into on hor marriage, in which slio was stated to he the daughter of tlint gentleman, and also Dr. Wihnot's will, In which she wns left a legacy ns his niece and the dnugli ter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He contended tlint she was Insane, and tlint between 1816 and 1821 ahe told stories of her care inconsistent with one another. The petitioner had put in evidence seventy-two documents and ten more had been produced from tlio Trcnsury; others hnd been alluded to ; and altogether the documents mentioned ns beitring on the cose were over 166, while only 82 were produced. And whnt sort of dochmcnts were they 7 Why, they were such that no expert in the world could give evidence ol the handwriting from them. With two exceptions they were nil written on little scraps nnd strips of paper, nud all without the water-mark of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, when tlio forcmnn said lie was com- missioned hy Ids fellow jurors to express their apinlon that there would not be the slightest necessity t» call evidence to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unanimous view (lie documents relied upou hy her were spurious. — The Chief J ustice : In that case you only share the opinion ol my learned brethren and myself. We have long (sit thnt every oue of three papers is a palpable forgery ; nor is mure une pare ot me petitioners case which agrees with the rest. Dr. Smith then addressed the jury at some length on the part of the petitioner, nfter whielt the Chief Justice summed up, and the jury delivered their verdict, which, stripped of technicalities, was this : — Thnt no such marriage as that nlleged between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive VVIlinot had ever taken place, and that the so-called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter. The Attorney- General then aske that flic documents might he impounded, and intimated that if the case had fonc on he should liaro been able to prove tiiat >r. Wihnot was at Oxford at the time of the pre tended marriage in London ; and that Lord War wick, before his accession to the title, never signed himself " Brooke" but " Greville." The docu ments were then ordered by the Court to lie Im pounded, and the case concluded. 