LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. MR ailCHIB ON LOGIC. Sie,-There are few speeches on the topica of the day that will keep lor six months without losing much of their piquancy, and nearly all their appro priateness to the subjects with which they profess to deal. To the constant news-reader, even the more brilliant article in last week's paper, is somewhat flat and stale compared with the duller one in to-day's issue. i?or events, like John Brown's soul, go " marching along,", although John Brown him self, may " lie buried in the grave." And, therefore, I think Mr Michie has not consulted his great repu tation in resuscitating bis lay sermon, which, from a member of the M'Culloch cabinet, might have been considered as a clever ad captandum effort, or the able speech of a nisi prius advocate. His political reputation is "gone dead long ago," it has had funeral obsequies. Why, then, should its ghost be " disquieted and brought up?" Why made to utter arguments which do very Kell for a Vale, which may even puss muster in a Jones, but which we would williugly have hoped that after Mr Michie had left the Government to their pwn devices, he, who knows so well their fallacy, would have been above reiterating? If one example more was wanted to show the moral and intellectual evils of being tarred with tbe protectionist brush, it is supplied throughout the length and breadth of Mr Micbie's discourse. It commences with the title, which to have been truthful should have been " the retrospects of Mr Michie;" for the prospects of the colony are left entirely to the imagination of both listeners and readers. And it is consistently continued when he libels " that section of our public men, who, being professed free-traders, imply by their policy » belief that a thing bad in itself becomes good when you increase the dose." Mr. Michie well knows that in all their spe2ches, and through all their journals, they both profess and imply exactly the reverse. But he affords more tangible ground for criticism when he claims for the present mongrel tariff, some excellence as being a "sort of table of fixed quanti ties;" defends it as not protective, but simply a tax for revenue purposes upon shoddy instead ot tea. If eo why was the substitution effected? Why did a Government composed partially of tea and sugar men make the alteration . With a singular disre gard for his prsvious statement that the tariff is uot protective, he answers :-Because by admitting piece goods free, and by " taxing the labor on slops, you encourage or even foster colonial labor;" or, i:i other words, what in commonly culled protect it. A fitting climax to this section of the argument is contained in the theory broachsd, that the £5 bo levied ia taxation, will put in motion a corres ponding amount of labour in the colony. Granting the truth of his premise that the same amount of taxation would have been paid on the BUgar, cui bono ? If, again, his premise ia bud, and an increase of £5 is paid cui bono ? No one knows better than himself no extra amount of capital is there, and therefore no extra amount of labour can be put in motion. He says it is here interposed and admitted that the two Objects of revenue and protection arc- incompatible, but asks, are revenue and the more rapid advancement of domestic manufactures alike inconsistent ? Without noticing the distinction without -a difference made between protection and the way Mr. Michie proposes tc encourage this rapid advancement of manufac tures, we may look at the illustration be brings for ward of his meaning. The imposition of the duty on imported beer has brought down the price of both colonial and English ales, Tbeprotectionist shoemaker and tailor euch tells us he cannot afford to compete with the foreigner at the present prices, that he must have a protective duty, which Mr. Michie telle hiui will positively lower the price of the article which he produces! Cold comfort this (or Jenner and Co. 5 Well may they entreat Heaven to preserve them from their pseudo friends, whose insiduous device it is actually to lower their profits, which if at a minimum now, as they say, must be less than nothing under the new regime. This is pretty well, but it is nothing to that which follows. We now arrive at the dread ful protectionist shibboleth, that bridge of fate in the passage over which so maoy of them come to grief. It would scarcely do in a lecture of nearly three hours duration, to theorise all the time without a single fact to attempt a corroboration with. In an evil hour forhiaiself and his Iectuie, Mr. Michie unfortu nately selected Canada for this object. Had lie read the able article in the Ballarat Star of ihu 9 th ult., he would have saved himself from a charge of gross ignorance, and his audience half un hour's infliction of most arrant absurdity. To readers of the Star it is unnecessary to say more than that Mr Gait, in his last financial statement,'' regretted that he was not able to remove alt duties from im ported manufactures, but advised the reduction to 15 per cent, of all standing at 30 per cent., ami the admittance free of all articles formerly paying 10 per cent." Mr Michit's next plea in favor of his beloved import duties is, to make the foreigner pay a portion ol the interest on the Ballarat railway. " ls it free trade," he asks, " that such bounties should be pro vided for foreign industries, exclusively at our expense? " A very slight modicum ol common dense will supply tne answer, that railways are made by us, to benefit us by lessening the coat of carriage, See., which, whether it be £5 or £50, falls upon tho con sumer, and which Mr Micbio and such politicians would like to increise by charging something extra in the shape of toll. Does Mr Michie think this would so keep the gold in the country? For beseems to have some rather crude ideas upon this subject. "Every ouuee (says he) exported, leaves the coun try by so much less for ever, just as if such ounce had never existed." To follo.v this argument to its just conclusion, those countries must bo in a far worse way that never hud uny gold to espurt. Per haps, though, by some mysterious compensation arm? gement of Providence, they import instead. II not, we may comfort ourselves we shall be no worse off than some ol our neighbors even after we have gone through this career of extravagance; or, as Mr Michie would put it, have eaten and drank our inheritance and wasted our gold in riotous living. But if this is true ol gold, it must be equally true of iron, coal, and other subterranean deposits. Imagine any cue journeying from Birmingham to Wolver hampton, guided in the day time by the pillar of cloud Irom the loity chimneys of the mines, aud at night by the pillars of fire from the smelting fur naces, and at each memento of hi3 country's pro gress on the highroad to ruiu, singing-oh, miserere! Can absurdity go further than this ? Pertiaps only in Mr Miehie'o apology for tho C'ullingwood howlers Rod boo-hooers. ITar be it from me to grudge them the only argument a protectionist seems to be capable of. It does not strike me as being much more unreasonable than Mr Micbie's. It cannot beg the question more completely than he doeB; and it is certainly not so malicious as his insinuation, that protectionists alone wish ta encourage manufactures in the colony, a beam ho would do well to pluck from his eye ere he csnsurc3 a mote iu any ot his brothers. Yotire, SIGNET. let November. 