IT seems to be thle opinion of tile residents of Kianma, as it certainly is our own, that the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society is entitled to receive thle counten anc if not the more artive support of the local publio. The monthlly meeting, which took place on Monday evening last, was tlhe only occasion on which we lnd found time to spend more thansa few moments at tlhe proceedings of the society; but on that evening, as ihas been usual at thle galntherings of the association, thile Court-house, which forms the scene of their operations, was fllied wtih sneh a large and respectoble assembly, as showed on thie part of the publie an amount of interest whichl cannot but be highly lattetring and ecisurligiag to tie yoiung imen, for whose ilmplrovesment tihe institution exists. The influence exerted by .such societies in forminig and preparing their members to take a part in the serious business of life, in which public discussion forms so imnportant an element, is palpable to thile least peetratting eye; asid their value must be aicknowledged, as long as tlhe positio of a leader amongst tent continues, as it always will, to be an oblject of ambition. We are desirous that tie Mutual Imprsovement Society of Kiuma, should go on antd prosper; and we' hoptei that it, like its predtecessor, may be tile ilenst of trlitinig, nore than one mUember of Parliiament to take a creditable part in the councils of tlie coiunstry. We have Ieard it suggested tlit the piublic whlichl pr'ovides in various forms substantial or honorary distitctions for thie best plough nan, and tie miost sktilfls or fortunate Ihorse-racer, might reasonably'and wisely do-something to rewasrd the proficiency of tbe best essayist or spleaker to be found amsong thie young men wlo form sucehl societies as that above liamecd. We do not now undertalke to supplort this olsinion, tihousgh lsei'llps it is worth consideration. At any rate 'the value of a medal or prize, of whaitever kiind, obltained in this way is qhite inidependent of, and cosmmsonly much greater thanu its merely pecuniary worth. But i perhaps a sullicieint stimulus and rewarnd at once are to be found in thile apllause lwhich tile large audicences lwhich assemble ait tile monthly meet ings in Kiama, are so ready to bestow on--everyatfididiiteli io-iEs-nfly -degree deserves it. Tihe Rev. Mir. Wanson, it must be aelknowledged, discharges thie func tions of the tute1hry genius of the institu tion illn a manner whliclh seems to establishl the value of tie detnominational elcmenlet in the society lie was so instrrumental in organising. We hIave certainly no wvish to overvalho this feature, but it does:seem remrkable tihant the older society, tihe purely secular School of Arts, slould have -at least aplparently-quietly given up tihe ghost, and tlhat the interest ehich fornmerly attauelhed to it, should hain been, so to speak, absorbed by the younger organisa tion. Wqe cannot pretend, at least in sonme respects, to be particulasly pleased at wit nessing this result. But it may certainly be with some pIlausibility argued from it thlat the denominational connection is of pecular value in fintisihing a nucleus of persons connected by a stricter tie than is to be found alustt fi- omi such colnnection. VWe are not intimately acquainted with tihe financial condition, tihe rules, regulations, and general organhisation. of tiho Mutual Improvement Society. But we are com pelled to suppose that there is among its members little concerted effort or endeavor after improved efficiency mnore than is exslibited at tie monthly public medtings. If the society .possessed a house of any Itind exclusively approprliated to .its use, probally much miutuil improvemoentl might take place which l would in due time become apparent.in the style and chlurneter of their public entertainments, if. we, are at liberty to use that term. Tha?t theo mnmbnrs should employ a- professor of elocutibn is of course not to be expected; but withouit any such costly appliances a great iinproveinenti migit be expected. The art of'reading ivell and efl'ctively is an inm portat and a dillieult art. Everybody miust have felt thie pleasure of listening to a good reader, and the pain of being obliged to sit within the sound of tihe voice of an duiskilful one, The comparative rareness of the theulty of ?itding, well imay be seen bjy anyone who willnotiee how the matter stands among those whom it deeplyconcerns in a professional sense to possess this ac complishment. ?We recommnend the sub ject to the special considcration of the young men who wish to figure in the proceedings of literary societies at Kiama or elsewhere. This is no place to. repeat the rules witli which schoolboys areo familiar, though more in sound than sense. But we cannot re frain, in the interest of the Kiama society itself, from saying tllhat in.this plarticular tihe meeting of itoaday last could not liare derived from the performs!aces of the erening that aimount of pleasnue which was fhirly to be expected. Young moenof good Iposition in oit: local society, when they un derltake to appear as readers in a public assembly, should ntleast take care that they do not so perforam their part as to give every half-instroeted person in the iaudience the oplportunity of saying that he coild easily have done as well as they. Public reeadilgs are now among tile more lpromi net elntertainments of tile motlher country, and therefore as appropriate a subject for remark in a public journal, as mInusic or the drama. We do not indeed hope or expect that any of our young men will reach the mnrk of those celebrated artistsin this rble. whose p?erformances have elicitedl expres sions of astonishment and delighKt fiiom men of the highest cultiration." Still, as a meancs of aflording pleasure anld amunsement, if nothing mnore, to pirirate or public assem blies, the art of readinig effectively is one which anybody whose physical and mental tacultics are still elastic, maiy reasonably iand wisely cultirivate. We may here remind some of the yonug men of the Kiuama society that it is generally agreed, as a matter of taste iand propriety, tihat verse shoulld niot ble readl to an audieince, but re. cited fiom memory. Tlue art of thie ancilent rhapsodlist is liot likely to be extensircely revived in these latter daygs, but its cultirva tion to this extent would be desirable. We observed with pleasure tile introduction iito the progrsamme of the society on Mionuday evening ofua hramatic dialogue, in the bform of ai Slhkspearian scene, beinig that between CIIardilnal TVolsey aid Uromwell in tihe drama of H-enury VIII. We mention this the miore on account of the strange mania of laughter witl which the audience were seized, and whichl they did not scruplle to indulg" i a manner wrhich lsmakes it impos sible to congratulate tIhem on the score of good ltaste and propriety. We mnst bear testimony to tile creditable style in whrlich the two young menc concerned had prepared their scene, iand the imperturbable good hIumou and histriouicnl gravity with which they got thlroughiit in spiteoof tile unscenldy interruption they hiadil to put up willth at this point frtoman audience, rwho perhoaps thought the initroduction of stage plays, wilthouit stigo dresses and appliances, anoauomiuly in the order of things. It might be worth iwhile to remind our frliends rwho witnessed the peese in question, and rwe hope will yet witlcss others, that until a comparatively recent period it was customairy in the thealtres of -Europe fbr the actors to rwear no other costume than tile ordin!ry oue of thlleir own time, accomnpaaiedin clrtain enases with soime conventional distinction, but without any attempt to adlopt the dresi any more than the language of thie age or coun try iin wihieh thie scese was nominally laid. 