MÍSCÉLLANÍ30US. ' Tho aooonnte of tbe state of the crops from'all paris i of che Irish' pro'tinoéi-are (says a Dnblin corespondent) I most promising. . Tliero.ii amuoh, larger breadth tb on lus boco, thc), casa oflato,' years under, thé potato, and tho appearance of thé fields ia excellent» ' The bay crop i is being rapidly and suooessfally eared. Tho -cereals : alai aro unusually' rioh and i strong.' Ont of fiftyttbree I reports of cottle .tlUeaso, soot toJtbs-Trisb Government; within the lest fair days from varieos distriots,not ODO has proved a frerhrcase.of,rinderpest, "and , the alarm j which was created afresh 'by the'recent' appearance of tho plague ¡n the. county of'Meath is passing away.' - ' ' AU hopes entertained for the safety of tbe Monaroh of th's > Seas,. freighted with 639 ' passengers; seem at length dispelled by the discovery of one .of ,ber,life bosts, which has been waahed opon thè'Iriab coast, near Kerry, together with a. .number of.deadbodiee.1 iTho Monaroh of the Seas left Liverpool for New- York on! the 19th of last March, under tho oimmand of Captain Kirkaldy, and .a crew of'sixty.'men.!. Acobrdlpgto tho Gustom-honsc- clearacoe - paper, she had'GSO oabin and steerage .passengers on board. Of. these, 593,were adults,.men and women,; and CO children. The ship was in oxcellont trim, and had a fine ron down Obannel, when the .pilot left -her. - Since that time nothing, bas been beard of har. The boat pipked up on the coast of Korry is believed to., be ono belonging to her. It was found cm July IO, and the-bodies washed ashore appear to have oomo from ari emigrant'ship.; Identity is sa'd to bs utterly impossible, '. .owing to tbe state : they are in. "Tbe prevailing..opinion among experienced-cap- tains in tho Npw York trade is that the Monaroh of the Seas fonndérëd among tho icoborgs in the Atlantic..., The following letter ' hos.'jbee'n received,'frora'the . Emperor ef 'Abyssinia' by Dr.-Beke. " It wis brought by Mr. Martin Fiad, one- of.the missionaries so long detained in that conn try, who bas- just arrivod in England with .despatches for her. Majesty's Govern- ment. Mr. Elad quitted the empeiorTs camp at Zagye, on tb» eoath-weatem edge of Lake Tsaua, on the 20th April last, at whioh placo Mrs. Elad and her three children, Conan] Cameron and the remaining o\ptives, together with'-Mr. 'Rsssam and his suite, are detained until Mr.' Flood's re'urn :-".Ip the nama of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost one God, the King of kings, Theodores,' may thia reaoh the Englishman, Charles Theodore Bake, ' Thou and thy wife, by thepówo'rof God, have reached.my country. Are you weill I, God bo praised,am wall, , What time yoa oome, come by Mataram*. As regards the persons who were imprisoned, by ths pawer, cf God, out of I friendsbip.to the Quien»of England, I have liberated I them, and given'them to Mr. Hormuz Rassam;' May : this give you pleasure.' Written at Zigyè, in tho : ¡ 7358th year sinoe the creation bf the world,and the ? 1858th yeal sinoe the birth of Christ ' To thia latter is affixed the emperor'* seal, bearing the device of " the ! Lion of tho tribe of Judah," 'with the title, " the King : of kiBgs, Teodoros of Etheopia," in Ethioplo and inj Arabio characters. . ' - '., . ,.'. | A number of the political Wenda and admirers pf the ' late. Riobard Cobden, desirous of perpetuating bis: memory and doing honour,' to,tho groat polltioalprin-1 ciples of whioh he was the able and consistent advocate, considered that the best f-rm pf. carrying out their intentions Would be ty'tho formation bf a,, club, whioh, as ia tho case of the. greati Charles 'James For, should bear the hame'of tho earnest advooateof peace and free trade. - In ,-tbp month, of ' March last thé'îdéa' was broabhed to sarao of the members af Parliament who were the habitual supporters ; of,, the1 great Liberal party, and a response'was made'to the', appeal.'which < folly Justified Mr.,'Potter,. M.P,, tho' saoaeasor of Mr, Cobden in the representation cf Roohdale, in per- severing with tho iüeaof tha oatabllsbmont of tho olub. Within a few weeks of the timo iwhén the question: was first mooted a preliminary meeting, was held at the Roform Club, when the amounfcbf, anneal subscriptions and other mattera Of detail ,qonnect-.d with/tho man- agement of tho club were agreed upon, and ¡twas alto resolved that a dinner of the, club'»honld take place, at whioh the fulnre .arrange brents of the club should be considered. .This,, the first.dinneriof tho dub, took place on July 21 at the Star.snd Garter Hotel,,Rich- mond. About 150 gentlemen, tbs majority of Whom were members of Parliament, ; WBIA' preaent, and'ithe ohair wai taken by tbe ^ Bight Honorable W. E. Glad atone," wbp waB;anpportedi.byr,EarL,,Rrrsell,r^rd Houghton, Mr. Goschen*, Mr. Chichester Fbrtescae.'Mf. Braes, Mr. Ohllders, Mr.Stansfeld, Mr. E. Forster/Mr. Collier,-Sir R, Palmer, and Mr. Locke iKing. Mr. Gladstone, in proposing the memory of Riobard Cobden, p'onoonottd'apahégjrlo upon that great man. ? , The first county,-rate to cover coraponsalion for slaughtered animals, "as presoribed 'by "the ' reoently passed A'ot bf Parliament, baa'been made for LancjkV abire, at a meeting,of magistrates held in Preston'.'.Tho rata "'was'l'madé-npoii .property' ' equal ' in' ''Value1 to £«,i 80,05?, or about £4,000,000 lesa than that of .the whole *p*b'ty.-:.-,Tlié>.total e.qnï ,estimated qnder the head ofCattle Plague Account". w,S;S,£i9,390l 3s,' i'd., and a rate of three farthings in ¡the pound,'' realising çi 9,000 Ss. 9d., was made. In bur. last ' issue, it may be remembered,' an "opinioá" of Sir - Roundell Palmer, Sir Hugh Cairne,1 and others, founded on.à case i>hiob,',had been submitted 1 to them,. '' at. the request of -several bishops,!' waa published, J The 'learned . gentlemen condemned- as' \- illegal mott of the high Churoh practices -which have recently''olbaaione'l i-so tmuohr alarm..'The't English > Churoh Union forthwith-.preparad; .an other .case,, and ia order that the Qpinion upon .it might'be aïfrorig pna submitted it lo Slr Robert Phi limore," tbV'.'Qiteon'e Advócate,'Sir'Fitsróy:Killy; Mr. BbVil.'Q.OÍ.'Mr.'Ji 1), Oolsrldge.'QlC' Mr. Deane; Q OJ, Mn G. CiPrideaux; Mr. .Hannen, and Mr^.í- Cut ler. The^piaion of, this long list bf 'legal laminado"» has bean prepared, and ¡a ' said to be in direct antagonism to that of their ltaxiísd ; brethren who were oonsaltei tty " several. biahops," affirming the legality, 'pf vestment", and .roost of the peculiar praotloea for which tho High Ohurohi party. ' I ' Tho Emperor of Austria, hat dissntombed from the histoiio colleotbns of the Vienna:museum, the original coat of arms of Móntenme, and tv worm-oaten lotter in th» hand of Cortés."' Theso relios from' tho Eto'tiriàl, at , the time of tbe wars of Austria with Spain, have now ' been handed ovor to a prominent Austrian diplomatist, who Is deputed to deliver them to Maximilian as a gift of his brother. , . ... '"'.'¡'i':" .','.,' '.,. ., ' " ., [ At the cérémonies, held.in Homo on tho bocaiion of the foist ot St. Peter, the Pope' 'renewed bia protest against,tho annexation to Italy of the provlnoes'for- merly belonging to the States of the Church. Mr; Whitmore, M.P, for ,Bridgnorth, bas been ap- pointed a Lord of ¡the Treasury. ' , Sir F. Pollock bas retire! from the offioe of Chief , Baron of the1 Exchequer, and Sir-Filiroy 'Kelly has been appointed.his successor. The honoar of a baronetoy is abbat to bo conferred ba the former.' ', , It has been ofQolally announced that tho Queen hts been pleased'? to' grant the dignity bf a baron of the United Kingdom to SlrEdward! .Bqlwjr Ly ton,'.Bart., under the title of.Baren,'Lytton, of Knebworth ¡ and to Sir William Hylton Jul life; under tho title of Baron Hylton, of Hylton ; oho, that Boron llooniker hhs been granted the dignity of abaron of the United, Kingdom.. The prorogation of Parliament by commission, it ia understood, will, take plebe on Saturday; the .4th of Aognat,'", ,'.. ' .''"' .,. .',.. ";. '.j,'.'r ,.',|.,'. ', '. ; > Mr.: Jefferson's health requiring a 'Sea'voy age, that popular aojpr hw return^ for ^ . The élections consequent mpon . the recent change of Ministry have; taken pjáoe?,and/with the single except Hon it; Bridgjràtier,V,whére,Mr., PattqWi.thB, nVw'.'Sprufi, Advocate, wat defeated /by Mr, Van^erbyl, ,a,Liboral, > the whole of the newly-appointed ministers andseore-l tai les h\v» been, returns J,, without, . hardly ' a' ¿How'. of i opposition. .' There hâve been,, nt, cobra?, numerous ; speeches made,, and the leading mombers of the1 Govern- ment have piprossod thejr view»,'at' abme length/ on tho ¡ domeslloand,- foreign poliby, of. I he bbup'try. " On,the' part ot all,'thora is >a very general-'disclaimer of an.t | ,wish,oV.'desii,o' to intérferé^ 'wtyh" 'tho 'hostilltieïl - noir j raging bb tb« Continents thus Indicating,'a desiri on I the part of tbe Conservatives'to rrmove tho of t-ropeated j o'jeotion that they ore likely to Involve1 the ooun(ry Inj war,,.The speeob .'öf Lord, Btanley; ,'ths ;Forei|n¡ Minister, wes frank ? nod explioib. on the duty of, pre-1 serving; the strictest- noutralirty.. General'Peel, tho: Mia|s!e*r for War, bas expressed a very decided opinion! on ilia superiertty of breeoh- loidsro ever mnsutlelsaderi, and says that the worst of < the lormer is muoh moré eBiaiont than the, bett .bf 'tho littcr/ aeSo^iptiop..' ' , '. At the Clonmel ABSIIOS, John Buckley; a idischarged soldier, was. convicted of the murder of MK Loreuao Jephson, on the 31st of March last. _ Tba prisoner h.ul been sn iursato of the Carrlck-on-Snir werfchoase, and fa'értalnoil " an animosity against Ur. Jephson, w] was ohoirroaa of Ibo uuion, in onngequenoo of Borne di paraging remarks wbiob that gotitleman mBdo wli respect to him, when bo applied for rolief. On tho 3t of March be was discharged from tho honse at his ovi request. Ko loitered about tho premises until ho m Hr. Jephson, whom he strook on tho bead with a lart stone, fracturing his skull. The prisoner was sei tenceil to death. The archbishops and :blshopa haye gitan their assail to the establishment of a new class,of ministrants 1 the Church ? of England. - They are tb be1 calle "Readers," and will be entitled to perform ali tb duties hitherto belonging to the oiergy alone ' in oat lying districts of.lerge parishes, mission,churches bein, provided for them. ' They aro to'wearjorpliees but no stoles, and are not to be designated " Reverend." Tho; are to be set apart for their otliaa by special religion services, bnt are not to reoeive, tho episcopal imposttioi of bands as at tho ordination of the olergy. In th diocese of London rules have been drawn UD for theil gui dancé, and have recoivSd the approval of the bishop A large number of laymen have already'offercd thom selves for this new form of .church work. .. ' ' The Prince of Wales' has presented the Rev. Willian LaketOnalow. F.R.A.S., lateohaplaln of her Majeety'i tbip Racoon (whon the Duke of Edinburgh was ar officer on botrd that'ship)', to the onitod rectories o Sandringham and B*bingley..Hear King's Lynn, in thc room ofl the lata Rev. G. B. Moxbn, who held it since 1827.,. Hp, read himself in at Sandringham on July 15, There is too much reason to fear that the cholera after hovering around-bur coasts with a-sort of indeci- sion, bas at length invaded'the' country in tarneit jOatbreaksiwhioh'Ocomred in Liverpool and Southamp- ton have.assumed.a very deolded ' character; At tbs farrier prt'numerous casos had been'admitted into the ward* of tho worlthbuse.'of which more than half had proved '?' fatal..' At ^Southampton there have been-many deaths,, and they are , said .ta bs on tbo'lnoreato.' Cases àreoUo reportad from Llanelly, in tho'Bristol ohannol, and at South Shields. Buty besides this,. the disease has at length distinctly appeared in London. Tbs out- break ia p.rin'oipally in. tho east.' Several cases have been admitted.into tho London Hospital, and others have occurred 'In tho same neighbourhood. - Patients have also" been'brought tb .Guy's, St.' Bartholomow's, and the .Westminster .Hospital ; and oasos have boen reported In tho parish of Marylebone. ; : The large .-silver medal of tho-Society of Arts hts been presented to the Hon. O 1 G. Duffy ' for bis lecture on Australia, which 'reoently occasioned much disous - sion -.- . r . . ' 'Matthew Anderson,- formerly of the »Scots Greys, died at' Kilmtrnook on tba 2nd of July. ' He was the last, of those of tt)o8eott Greys, whofoughtat Waterloo. He wat a young soldier then, and Waterloo was his first engagement, as it was his last . He ser.ved.for twenty-one years in thé .army, and at tho termination of this period was discharged with a pension..: Ander- son a few years ago married à'.woman who was al the time a widow and many .years his senior. She was silty years of (»go whop aha first mado up her mind to bseorao a wife, , . , The Echunga, Captain Cooper,.arrived in the River Thames from Otago, New Zealand, reports that in latitude 61 S."lopg!todo 97 W., she eaw about ninety largo icebergs, which formed a complété . barrioado across tho ahip'a way as far as the eye could roaoh fröm the.masLhead ; aha stood to tho N.W. for two days, then tacked and stood to tho eastward, and Baw no more iee.- ' ? " »'.-; . .. -, . '. " .' . ; . ' A very oIdl¡ and curious,', bat now almost obsolete, ceremony was gone through on a recent Sunday by the young friends of ä girl who was killed by the blow of a stone, received Whilo endoavouring-to restore peace in a row some time past.--The ceremony, says the Waterford Hail, was that,of walking in procession, to, the grave of defeated, raising a monument (whiob in this case was a high eros») to -her memory, -and; strewing the gravo with flowers.,, The procession consisted, of ten or. twelve maidens,"all dressed in' wnlto, with .flowjug. veils and wreaths compoied of lilies of the valley on their beads. The enstom is a very-'old'one, "bat in this case most appropriate. Tho deceased wat a girl of irrepro aobablo ona'raotor ind' amiablo 'disposition.,. , , 1 . ..,. ..'.| A tailor has boen fined" ls.^" and condemned tops; the costs, for having kilted a ybaug lady while passing through a bayfield near Devonport-.'. - Dofeudant, in answer to the charge, said-that at the time referred to in the sommons he wai-In the hayfield with hit brother and friends, making merry together, when he saw the complainant, a,nd,.thinking/she was, ono of the party) he took some bay and went to her, saying, " lill make sweet hay'with yóa;''nty detr.". He tried' t6 kiss her, but she resisted, and on discovering'his mistake he said he,wai very sorry, ^ Intelligence has been received in,Bristol of, the safe resaltof a voyage which waa regarded as. having been erne of uo small peril. A little, toy .steam-vessel, having a capacity bf only 12 tons,'called the Molique,' under- took to make a voyage to Pérnambuco; and having ob- tained a plucky crew Bhe, about three months ago, took her departure from that port, intending to bs ^applied ia the event of ber safe- arrival'at ber destination to coasting purposes. Sbé'accomplished the outward trip in a way that proved satisfactory,'her.passage,'although she only mod her oanvas, having been accomplished in forty-three days. '' ','., .' ,: An extraordinary instance of death' by lightning occurred at Slinfold, in Susse,*; the other evening. Ur. ü Holden, a farmer, «siding in ? that 'neighbourhood, was walking in his fields, . when a Violent thunder- storm, accompanied.,by heavy ralB. cbmmoncéd. He proceeded to a kind of shod or outbuilding, doubtless thinking that it would afford him tafe shelter'; but it appears that be had not been thero'many minntea bofore th» lightning struck his placé ofrefuge, oraabing in tho roof and dislodging the rafters.- Mr. Holden was'shortly afterwards missed at the homestead, and; on Sj search be'ng instituted, he was fóupd dead in thé outbuilding. The eafortanste man appeared to. hare been killed inttantaneoasly by the lightning, bis clothing being burnt and »battered to shreds,in a inost remarkable manner and his shoss strnok . from his feet, the solos separated from the upper-leather. A project appears to bo ia contemplation to connect Fiance and. England by means, of a tunnol under the Channel. Mr. Hawkshaw, an engineer, it is stated, hat long contemplated the praotioability of this enterprise, and has for about two'years been engaged in la geolo g10al'IhreltlKatIon~oT tha loaalltle;. Borings are now being roads ata considerable oxpensein the neighbour- hood of Dover, andaby ^permission of the Frenoh Go- vernment, betweon Calais and Bjulogno , and in the oourseioG tb W summer'.explorations will be made in mid- ohanpel, , ¡It ¡it proposal! to/carry on,, the .exca- vation for the .tunnel from both.ends, as,well os from shafts la the Channel. At the trip of thé shafts pbwer fnÏBtéata'^Dgifies'' Willie 1 erebted for'p'urr-.pingyfor drawing tip the 'excavated: material,: and for supplying power tp <th».riaehjrjery_iby . wblolj iexoayatioa.will be o (Tea ted,,, The tunnol ¡wiU oommanioato .on.tbo Frenoh iide,With tho''Northernbf France ' Railway,' arid on tfie English; sido' -wjin /the" ßsoth-Easterh' and-Lbh'dori, Chatham, -a'od'.Dbver Railways, to that lhere 'willi be aq Snbroktrf line of railway loommanloation . between Lon- ou. »ndParis,, Instead/of a tunnel between Dover, »nd Calais, as prbpotbil ^aWve/byJ Mr. Hawkshaw, another well-kriown. 'engineer,' Mri 'Fowler,'tírdbósBS"an'bo'éà'ri ferry; worked by sloam-vessels of immense'Sist^ obi struatéd to'oárry ,across tba: Channel: nbtvmerely í pas spqgeraand; their luggage, but the railway ¡trains ia wbieh they are. brought from London ,br Paris. 'These bolts will stsrt from'dook» to bo'specially,bonstruated at Dover and' Caláis.'and will,' like the Great Eattoru tlesrasbip, coiiveritnerr'living freight With practical immunity from , tho disoqmfortj of q sea passago [ The details have, it is stated, already ,being worked ont in tho design pf the, ve nels under thé eye of, Mr." Fowler; and "they" Will 'onadrti1 to the1 passengers protection 'from weather bad from'all', tho present delays and ibcbnvei ni»nolfls"of0 trahsbipmoht." |The\sobemo Ois,one whiob. could .ber cjmploted: and brought into operation iq.less thea two, iyeàrs, wi h." an expenditure .of ¿less than à million.- tín'l-a'bSirstérling:1 ^'M'ew1 will'deny,'" taya a writer in tho Times, "that Mr. Fowler's appears tb» more pr«ot(o»r proposal, and the most lUely ti benofit the present generation.,, i Tho tnnnof oould not. fae com- pleted In leis, than twenty 'yqars.'or 'at 'loss 'bos't' than 'je¿O,O0O;OOii '-tb 'lay nbUlnjf 'of }W- pbsiibility that after yoara of labour and enormous ¡eípenisf it might tariîoat tb be impraticable and a,tiUqte.".p-i Esoriiirx:.0;iiA«tt Uillqw.-We ,tékOi'tH'e(¡f>lIbwlog ÇassgTtpbi from, thej patriot; of. Jone 26th Last . bnVsday . the annual meétlbgof 'tbs English, Church liáhn'Wjih hbld: " BK'Piiso> wak'presebt.-aud th^vrhblb atsèmhly rote to greet him.-' 'He enlavgid bnUbe 'fact that tba rituaJIslio'-movement had tho;iapport of tb» laityjk, the'CJibroh, and .alluded to.the;oircumstanto .tbaA.w^ere'aitt'albmliad.i^ejn adop'éd tba ptbplé had beénbf one talria with respect'to it. With regard to tho-'Ugal1 nspt'ot of the 'case, he bontendod tba« what Ihàd,taoé'boendisusej .'ought never.to: have bean dlr [qso.d,; apd that there, abo.fartd be the same, toleranco; for ,*t reverence" a» for, ".lireverenoe." Finally, he moved ~d récoltitidh bf thanks'to Almighty Gol fer the sacbes whieh bad attended the Union in defence of the rubrigs, «ti I entreated Ita member« to Implore the Lori anil lloid of tho Clinrori to continue Hie gracious protection. Tlioro »0,1 an otrorin this resolution whioh onght not td be p isaad over. Tho word ' His,'' in tho latter part of it, Should hove been " their." The " head" of the Ohnrch of England is her Majesty the Queen. A roîo lution in praise of the " Eirenicon" was next submitted, whioh called up tho Her. Archer Gurney, who mored an amendment against the supremaoy of the Pope, The reverend- gentleman was, however, crioi down, and waa obliged to retire from the platform. Ur. Pusey, before) the amendment was put, rote to explain. tl o said, '. Before the commencement and during the progress of his work, ho bed bad the opportunity of neting many foreign prelates and theologians, with whom- bo bad ditousaed the various point«, and he could assure them that in Eeveral Instances where objrotionablo points of R>man doctrine were thought to to mattera de fide, and therefore insuperable obstacles, bo had' been assured, en high authority, that they were not de fido at all. As to the supremaoy, he waa of opioion that tlio;o things whioh the Churob had in her mind in disclaiming it were not eascnthl elements of the supremacy. Indeed, one very eminoat prolate had said that the supremaoy of itself would be no hindrance to reunion if other points could bo arranged, as they might be, by a concordant. There would - evon ba no objection to our bishops being named by the'Soyereign, even though; a Protestant; and this was the statomentof a portonnge of no common weight." In loading theBe remarkable words, it is only needful to remember that Or, Pusey bat just been visiting a prior of one of thV Roman Catholic ordere io France, and bas also been- the guest of the Bishop of Dupanloup, ike head of the Ultramontane party In that country. From Dr. Pusey's report, it woold now appear that there is no insuperable difficulty between a. union I of tho Churches of England and Rome. Mr. Gprnoy'a ¡ amendment was rejected by nu overwhelming majority." ' À "SioK OP WÀR"' IM FBANCB-A correspondent in Paris, himself a Frenchman, sends ns a most remark;. oblo story, whiob, if oamú from a less trustworthy source wa should oertaioly hesitate' to believe, but whioh, whether a fact or not, is at least significant at an illustration of Ibo thingB of which the Parisians are ready to suspect thoir Government. As is well known; the loose «omen of Paris are kept nader a very strict surveillance by the' police;'wbo every now and then, by way of nssertlcg' their authority, arrest SH tho women whom thoy. lind alono ia the streets at a certain hour. Io this comprehensive seizors the wiong persons aro some times Included^ Mote that once it hts hap- pened that a lady, whose husband has left her side for a few minutes, is suddenly .snatched aiway to prison Not long since an actress, waiting near the stags door for another lady in the company, was carried off by the police in spite of all ber protestations and explanations; and detained for several days. Razzias ot this kind aro made periodically, but they have boen unusually sweeping during, the post j week, or lon days. And above all, it is' said, on Monday and Tuesday nights. Between midnight and nine o'olook in the morning, every woman walking alone on tho Montmartre and Italiens Boulevards has been'apprehended, and many respeotabla women have thus Battered from the want bf discrimina- tion on tbe part of the police;' Tkat this sort of arbi- trary terrorism should be raised in the besrt of Paris'is startling enough, bot our. correspondent's aonolution<ia even more romaikabte. " People here," he says, ,'« who know what goes on behind the sobnet,.believe thia to be a sign ol war. How toi-you will ask/ These arrests have never been carried1 ont in so 'wholesale a manner since just before tbe .war in Italy. , Between 1000 anti I SOO women wore then captured on this system by the police in a few days. Many of them did not regain their'liberty'' for a oonple''of 'month's)-and daring their confinement they, were: kept bard-at, woik, shredd- ing lint and sewing shirts for the'soldiers.''-Pall Mall Gazette. . .' "- ¡ i . BLAOK Bilk.-Tho blaok rain showers, whioh are now so well known io Scotland, and Sbont which tbe inbat bUantsbfa part'of Aberdeenshire aro in. the way of speaking with no greater astonishment,' when ons of them falls from a peculiarly-coloured'dark cloud.' black- ening, materials, exposed to it; than they .speak of a white shower from a snowy oload, bave bcon.atlast re-, cognised in England;'t Between'the- beginning of Janu- ary, 18G2, and tho middje,of January, 1866V there have been no fewer, than eight authenticated. black showers io Scotland. . Seven of these fell in Stains »nd the . ox tensive surrounding district. 'Twa of-them were accom- panied with pumico stones,'some of the: balls bf whioh measured from eight tb ten inches in'diameter, and weighed -upwards of ' a pound . avoirdupois. Tho first four, ir duding the. Carluke shower, and theoighth, were contemporaneons with outbursts bf Vesuvius, and tho intermediate throe with these of Ema. Bat now, through tbe instrumentality of' tho Rev; Mr. Rust, bf Stains, who waa the flrtt to- draw goneril attention to the Soottifh showers, it - has been:discovered that Eng- land gets'her abare likewise of black showers, although she did not think that she was so,, distinguished. On, the 3rd of May of the present year. (1866), at ll a.m., andagatnvat 4 p.m, the town of Birmingham and the surrounding country were for three quarters of an boar eaoh time enveloped with black olouds producing dark* ness and' rain.1, Accidents' - took plaos ia the streets,' vehioles ware upset, and'gas had to be lighted at some bf tho crossings, and nearly tu all places'of business.; Mr. Rust, writing for information, got inquiries insti- tuted, and the result ls found to'be that a lar<re quan- tity, .ofblaok rain, timll&rj;, to the Scottish, fell, and blackened rain water in' tanks and ' olotltet on grearii, not only in Birmingham itself,-but at rural places many miles distant, unallotted by soot and . smoke, and everv windward of that town.: . .So for at known, however, no word ba«-yet arrived of any tbloanlo outburst, although* judging from what htB taken plaoo In Scotland, a pro-, babïity exista'that som o volcano bat bees in a state of nativity, omitting its contents,-, whether it be heard of or not.-Aberdoon Journal. , , -t TOBPIDOKS ort StiDarAsnrc BOATS.-A letter from Chili, published-in the'Newcastle Standard says:-" I must noticioso without giving an'acoount of a most abbokipg affair whioh happened in Valparaiso a short time,ago. I supppte yon have heard of the two torp'ed s or snbmarise boats which, were built - °?e here, and the other, In Valraraiso. : The Santiago one was tried; and after she bad : been a few.minutos in the.wa'.er shs went" down) ', Ilippily.'tho naen in her managed to get out. i Ono of these bold papa thtt whoa she was put into tho water shs went'down head foremost (yob might: say), bat as.thoy all had the pretonoe of mind to rush .to the other ona, and drag! some heavy ballad aiong'with them; abe -righted, - and they', came out at onoe., This, maa mid that tho horror of their situation and -the feelings bf ,thosb\mbm.ànts,, wéra,! something-' dreadful. -Ho said he would never, go in.another, bnej n^ain.: Well, that one i9down, ai)d bas taken nobady with her,,.. A Mr.! Flacura Gornnn, made the' Val smoeisfal, ? for he blew ap a coat; .' Elated '? with . his success, ' he . aletermined to go again ¡ so, 'fixing a day; he, along with nine othi-rs-.one of these bis only son; -itt oft on thoir periloas expedition. After omiting about for a while. on the surface of tho water,' Fison dotormiaod to sail: a little - under wa'or ;' so, Closing the boat np, he let himself down. The torpedo went down with great rapidity, laming' ond-woys as it went; and never stopped till it rraphed the bottom of Val« paraíso,Bay, where it now lies. Tho Ill-fated orew had no bbànce , cf ' saying their lives', ,so down 'they went. Poor Flach I he was, almost crazy, about his boat, and wanted to take hil whole family with him/and at loast one ' little daughter and his only eon. Hit wifs dhu anaded him from doing so, and he only took his soo) Ho wont into a oofUn of his own maaufaoturo. . He took a pistol down with him to enforoa obedience among his men.: A diver from her Brltaunlo Maj es ty'ri man-of-war Leader went down a. very great nam bor of time*, a-d tried to fas'en chains or ropes, 'round it, so ss.tofdra.w it np ;, ba', as it is a 'rohnd ' thing, tapering to a pointât each end, atone of whioh there itftsUneq a 'giip, it'is no easy matter. "All attempts, as yot, have proved unsuccessful, Tr» Leader, hat gone away, andi of ii coarse, the diver went with har., . As no.one1 in Valparaiso is able* to. deco nd » to tuoh a depth <3Z fathoms) ,of eonrse it ,mntt remain where it'is. The torpid^ when found, wits' in an obllquo position. Thew waelooso ballast' in the torpedo, and when ehe turned upside -down' all 'the people ns'well as ballast would fall,all Jum11 d up'together. a dlstnuco of About thirty or forty feet to ene ena.: . 'iBet'ules this,' the boat was so oonstrnctod that if it turned apeldo down, water, -whioh sei vol ab ballast, would gor/ia amongst the people. 'So what with the dresdful- fall,the -water, the want bf air, and tho horror of their1 dreadful situation, together: with the knowlidgo that n'oth'ng' could save them, the Eocr «-cataros mus» - have had a mott dreadful end ' He) as left a widow/and (I: think) fonr young slough tera. Jost think bf these'poor young personal' Every int they coat their eios down the' bay they will think, down beni alb those blab waters lie our poor dear fatbor and'brotbor in a torpedo'. How heort-ren lng must'tho thought be to thom. When it was first known h>>ro it oast a gloom over everyone-do you not feel for tho poor oro,tires?" i 