(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE. Monday. In tho action in the Supreme Cxittrt of tue Melbourn0 and Launceston Steam Navigation Company voraus Grice, Sumner, and Co., for thdr'ecovory of tho value of tho steamship City of Launceston,, laloly sunk in collision with tho Penola steamship, a verdict has boon «¡vea for1 tho. jrtaintiffs for X280O. (Probably £28,000, tho estimated valuo" ot tho reesol). - ibero an Mveril Uw poluta reserved for úgunént . The steamship Gotlenburg, has, arrired from i llokitika, wife W.OOO ounces of gold. . : ,.1 Tho further investigation into tho: charges against the offiocTS. and doctor of the : ship Palm Tree, of j Improper! behaviour , towards ' the female warrant | passengirp, has resulted in tines being mutated, and all tit fte» sentenood to.imprisonment subject- to the decision of the Supremo Court. . His Vforship tho Maror of Holbourne purposes gftiag a grand ball/in . the now Exhibition Building, gwaneton-etroet, en tho 20th of September, in honour the new Governor of Viotoria. Sailed-Tba Wonga Wonga, steamer, fer Bydnoy; THS GoctncrBK GHOST.-It is not worth while to Hotico stories that aro occasionally related of strange' sights supposed to be seen and unsocountable noises said to be heard in one place or other; but a caso hes just occurred'which has, formed the staple subject of conversation in ,Góülbúrú during the week, and bas led to the'inter.reatioh of tba police being requested. The fact'appears'to :be that in a house in Auburn street, occupied by. Mr." Hogers, and formerly known as the O'Connell Ino, certain noises hare been heard of Ute which it seemed impossible to aoaount for. Mr. Bogers is i cabinet-maker, and his shop ts full of furni- ture ; and aooordingly instead of the orthodox groans, and rattlo of chains, tho noises complained of hare taken tho more convenient form of resembling a knock- ing about of Kr. Rogers*« furniture. All sorts of theories, more or lees wild, bare been current on the sub- ject, and the past hiotory'of the housohs* been generally related by the older residents ; but though the story is doubtless somewhat «nogalar it has so relation to th« recent disturbances. , Some, of our townsmen took tho trouble - to watch,' about the placó on Tuesday night, end the Tcsnlt was the capture of a half- witted fellow _kncrwo_..as .Charley, who. sleeps in tbo noxt h'easo, also occupied by Hr. Rogers, and where the noises have also beca hear«. Ko was token .adder circumstances which, though not altogether oonclueiro, lcd hts captors to -beKere that the noises were nunie hy him, «nd accordingly he rewired some slit ht sum- mary pnnfshmbdt -on" tho spot. It is said that Charley bsd " nOftoau' to tho furniture shop, and that therefore ho oeuld not haro made all the noises complained -Of. ' But' it does not appear that there ham been any ghostly manifestations since ho was csttght.-Ooulbarn Herald. T. Tax MoBura. 'Biara.-Tho works belonging to J. Stephens, PÍO, aro now. actively engaged in 'oriuhing quartz from toe Silv'.r Hining Company's ground, na agreement ..haning been, entered: into between . these parties to that effect / To arriva at n .thoroughly estie factory coqeiasion, Hr. Stephens, we believe, intends to titre quarts takon from the samo spot as that worked at bis mill, Usted at the Sydney .Mint ;as weH es br his ewn machinery., rhis is a rory certain ooorse of pro- cedura, wkïch must-indubitably form ra-«oro- guide. Prom what we learn the quartz promises rery fairly, 60 that th/ire, ¡a every hopis that the fiilror. Mining Cimpany's' ground will be workod as well as the sur- rounding .reefs. The -Bergalia .Company are; also at work crashing the quarts already raised and burnt This coDspsny intend to continuo on, the last crushing turning out .so extremely well. There -appears,' how- ever, -some hitch between the manager and tho. miners ss 'to the price to. bo, paid por ton for raising per contract. In. tho .meantime there ..ia sufficient ] quartz' raised ,to. keep tho machinery at work for a season.' As aomo doubt exists as to the amount of quarts that, could be rmeod. per man, per- haps -it inay bo worth suggesting/that, the .contracts might 'be, tried at per fathom, if -prAqticablo. Wo morely euggest this aa a means ot recuring conoord anco «erith .the managers plans ; and'wo trust .the hint willmot be taken' by either side as áñ «ndúe attempt at intarforer.ee in a matter with which wo haro nothing to do. We would rather seethoee already.on the spot 'idly employed, than- see",¡additional hands brought from Sydney to tho prejudice of labour, already amongst us j and it is only, by this consideration, wo hare been urgod to speak at all on the matter. The Fbetntx Company's works aro now at a stand still for a season. ..A few miners are, however,' employed in raising .quarts from ground belonging to the Company, and thia may be'takea as a proof that operations will shortly be resumed. That such is the case, wo haro also from-other and the beet ot authority,-Ex miner, .... '- . :1 AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH.—We regret to have to announce the sudden decease of Mrs. Woodhouse, of Ingebyra station, near the Snowy River. Mrs. Wood- house had been unwell for some time past, suffering greatly from pains in her side and the region of the heart. On Friday last she came into Cooma and took a passage by the Saturday coach, for the purpose of obtaining medical advice in Goulburn or Sydney. On the way down, somewhere on the road between Quean- beyan and Bungendore, the deceased was attacked with her old complaint and before the coachman could ren- der any assistance she ceased to breathe. The driver at once gave information to the authorities, and Dr. Morton proceeded to Bungendore, where he held an inquest on the body. The only evidence being that of the mailman, a verdict of accidental death was returned. Mrs. Woodhouse had been a resident in the Monaro district for many years, and leaves a large family to deplore her untimely end.—Monaro Mercury. BIKCII KBEB Sxr.EOToas.-It is gratifying to,witness a body of "men, when,, instead ol| .complaining and enduring a grievance until,.rolief comes \q hartf, they courageaitoly set to work and unitedly oyercomo diffi- culties of themselves. Tbs.Bingio'.farmeirç hare just completed 4n tho' now " road between Moruya and Bingie, two bridges on this co oporotire plan, one of which was rather extensive, involving a cooeiderablo outlay cf labour. . -Tboae improvemenla hare .put the new road in*rory tolerablo order, much, to the crodit of those who baye Ukpn anaotire part.in prosecuting the wort- MçruyaExaminer, t '.. . .. HlOBWlT EOOBEBl', PíÚOKltf BíMSTBB,.-.1? A ouriouicaso of sticking' jipis, thus reported to, us,' Tarrengower Timos,"byM&'Griffith, manager.of toe Bank of Victoria, Maldp.k't-On Saturday.' evening, 'it abaut a quarter-past C o'clock, bo was da the'road to Cistleraaine-driving tv horse and"buggy, sind about three-quarters of s milo on the Castlemaine side of. the Orrville Hotel, a man «merged from the bush, being armed with- a douUle-barretled revolver, aid having crape over his faes.'?* Hov séiíó'd hold of tho. reins., and^ presenting the pistol, d4maïdêd"ôf (Mr.-Qrifftth td hand over his money.''Tho latter irofusod, when the footpad turned the,horse-and'T«hiolélSiô"thoh"uah, and" after proceeding a few yards, jVrapod into .tn? buggy, and; still demanding'monoy, produced a rope, with which,, ho said, ho would tie up Mr.'-flfrifllth and, would blow hi) brains out if he waa', ¿ot quiet 'and did not atop his chair;' further remarking that 'you want soma' ot ui 8rdney boys' over here -you're getting too flashy Mr. Griffith made1 a sudden1 blow at : the : fellow, and knocked him into the road,'.th« revolver ,'falling front his hand. At this moment'* |nan on;.horseback ca'pao up, and Mr. Griffith eang but' for aaiistaioe-or a» a warning to tbe'hofseman. 'jiu? footpad With this "re-, gamed his feet and the revolver, and sfizipg tho bridle oj tho hors* the now come/waa riding^ threatened to' Wow out his brains it he. strirred. The man, in a tremulous voice, said lo Mr. Griffith, 4 Thew's som mon on thoroad who will help you.' Mr. Griffith made no more ado, or any f urUierratttmpt to detain the rascal, pat drove rapidly off on' to; the road; »nd so oh to hu doolinatjon ; tho strangeness of the. wholo affair, Perhaps, «using bim to aat thus.. and* als» inducing jura not to at «ace give information to the police when ho arrived at Castlemaine. /-He doeoriboi the man'to Jaw been abopt dre foot ton inches in height, with a felt wide-awake hat on, his face covered with crape, and weiring a light*ok)ored jacket or jumper.". Yesterday morning ho returned to Maldon, having- Mr. Farrar,. r»«lmaiter, as * passenger, and they found the tracks ortho wheels into ¿he feu»bt and also a pisos of Marita rppo on tho ground, which Mr. Griffith identifies as «mular to the- ropo 1n thorjUwds 0f thaVrroan^who attempted to itick,htjm,up. tfátou^itóihWIW Tv iV¡> {°TM¡*WV^ívtw'X}*S be thrdwiwm, iWs affair, 