ADULTERATED TEA, To tlw Editor of The Herald, Sir,— I think my duty ceased in drawing the attention of the ffeniili Officer to the fact of the Introduction into the colony of the spurious tea in such large quantity. The Health Officer could easily satisfy himself !>v eMmr to the Vic- torian goods shed, nud seeing for himself. Tho truth of my statement cannot he denied, hut it might injure mc severely to appear openly in the matter. Why does not Dr. Endes go himself, nt . onee, to the Spencer street station 2 Why does he wait for more information from me ? Tho stufT was sold by auction, and he could get a sample of it now. It is hard the public should- be imposed upon, and the thing hushed up through delay. In a day or two it may bo too late. I have done my duty in directing atten tion to it. Yours obediently, P. W. SMITH For some time past the town of Portland has .been frequently alarmed, says the Western ; Times , by a ghost making occasional visits to various places, chiefly in the neighbourhood of " the Botanical Gardens. The following story which we have heard on grod authority It Is . to be hoped will set at rest many of tho rcporta circulated abnut the town and neighbourhood. Last week, r.s a labourer residing in the direction of the Double Corner was returning home he managed toconia into contact with ono of these Sfl.PnllfXl fellnclR Atl nlisovvinn. If 4lin mn« w" ...r. wui.l .IPjj IV illb 1UUU stopped; feeing, however, that there was no movement iu it, lie nppronchcd a little nearer ami stopped agniu. He did the same a second and third rime, when lie had got near enough to kick it, aud on so doing to his astonishment it fell to the ground. It being too dark to inspect this ghost the place wns visited in the morning, when the innn found that instead of kicking what he had first taken it to be, lie had knocked down a few palings with some whito clothes ; nailed upon them in the form of a man. The Maryborouylt Advvrtiur has started a new system of punishment for members of Par linment who do not pay their election expenses. Iu its last issue ft " posts" Baliaarat, Viliicrs, and Ileytesbury, nnd Maryborough as constitu encies known to he the victims of t( privilege," and announces that it will add to the list from time to time as Information Is received, and remove the names of constituencies when thcro Is no necessity for further publication. 