THE GOLD COMMISSIONERS AND RETRENCH. MENT. TO TJTE EDITOR OF THE EITWRE. Sir,-Tho rondins world has at length boon favoured, through your columns, with tho produce of tho labours of .tho official triumvirate appointed by Mr. Cowper to shape out somo schemo of retrenchment for the reduc- tion of the publia expenditure, and being nsw common property, every ono who has on opinion upon tho subject, and knows how to express it, is, I presume, iu this f roo country of ours, at liborty todo so. I have a vory strong ono, and with your permission, will givo expression to it through your columns. Vfhen Mr. Cowper announcod to tho Assembly the formation of his committee of inquiry, ho spoko in complimentary terms of tho largo exporionco of Mr Harold Macloan as head of tho gold department, and of tho thorough acquaintance of Captain M'Loria with tho polico magistrates of tho colony, but did not ntsigu any special qualification to Mr. Rolleston for tho part ha had to play in tho investigation. Tho object of Mr. Cownor's explanation was to con vinco tho House that, under tho circumstances of tho case; ho had mado tho best pcssiblo selection. At tho time, I thought differently, and at onco expressed my opinion as to what tho recommendation of tho committco would be. I prophesied truthfully, as tho result has shown. Hr. Maclean, I folt assured, as an ox-gold commissioner, would . dcoiaro in favour of his own Cloth, and send tho police magis trates to Coventry. Ho has dono so, aftor tho fashion of a practised red-tapist, and his associates havo acquiesced in tho propriety, reasonableness, and advisa- bility of Iiis suggestions. Why I think so, I proceed -to explain in tho next paragraph. That Mr. Maclean has had nn extensivo exporionco in mining matters, I readily admit, and do not dony that such an exporionco is a qualification of primary importance in tho consideration of such woighty matters ns wore ontruBtod to tho Board, of which ho was a irionibor, but Mr. Maclean has been on terms of intimacy during tho last dozen or fourteen years of his ofllcial fifo with tho gold cornmhwiouors of tba Wcstorn districts-has, in fact, been ono of thom, and is moreover, . suspected of a' very deep admiration of (he cloth they wear, 1 That han friends, possibly favourites, amongst thom; i 'also maro than probable ;,'and, ' opportunity, offering, J 'is perfectly natural that ho should'do all iii Iiis pow* to sorvo them.' "But this vory disposition, is,1 in itself a disqualification, and its possibla- oxistoneo ought nol to have been overlooked by Hr. Cowper when forming 'thö Board. .Opposed to tho ox-gold commissioner'! predilections in favour of gold commissioners 'was Captain M'Lerio's-acquaintance'with tho polico magis- trates; and what is tho. character of that acquaintance ? Except tho metropolitan P.M.'a, and por haps tho two or three who reside in tho assize towns of Bathurst, Goulburn, and Maitland, ho probably 'knows os little, and caros as much. os he.-. does for tbs rajahs, and talookdars of Central Asia. ' They aro paid, I beliovo, through his office, and aro honoured with occasional correspondence from it, abun- dantly ornamented with red ink annotations, and thora tho acquaintance begins and ends. Personal syniapthy with them, therefore, ho eau hardly bo expected to have, and his official intercourse is scarcely of a kind to create strong official friendship.' Besides, ho is not of them, and for this, together with tho other recited reasons, it is not very difficult to understand that he would hand them, and their fates and fortunes over, or rather thoy pray, to his moro plausible .and pertinacious coadjutor. Thoro is nothing of which I nm aware in Mr. Bolleston's official position to influence him eithtr way. Ho appears, however to havo partici- pated in tho viows of tho other two. The objection I havo to him I ontcrtain towards oil three, viz., that they were officials, and as such had boon furnished I with a key-noto, whioh as ofiicialB the> were vory un- likely to forget, coming as it did frona tho head of the Government Mr. Cowper, iii" his great retrenchment sjieoch, had declared against P.M.'aliipa aa an unno j ccssary institution. What wondor, thon, that the opinion ho expressed should bo endorsed by his official sor vants, and that Mr. Maclean should greedily snatch so glorious an opportunity of indulging his pre- dilections for his auriferous brotherhood. Theso gentle- men wore very proper persons, no doubt, to 'give a vi- olence before an impartial, unprejudiced commission, which could easily havo boen selected from both sidos of tlio ilouso ; but, in my opinion, very impropor por sons, for tho reasons given, to exercise such powers as were dolcgatcd to them, and to framo recommendations affecting tho livelihood, tho very bread and butter, tho peace and nappines) of families, and deciding tho futuro lot in lifo of ns important, useful, and intelligent a body of public servants as any in tho colony. A vory casual perusal o£ tho report only is necessary, to convince tho reader how vigilantly tho interests of tho gold commissioners woro watched in its concoction, jnd with what a cool ? facility thoso of tho polico magistrates of tho colony were disposal of by tho master spirit of tho committee Indeed, had a corn mitteo of gold commissionors been appointed to decide upon their own fato, with their patron, Mr. Sheiriff Maclean nt their head, they could not, and I would venture to say, would not havo Bottled things moue pleasantly than thoy havo boon settled for thom by tho three officials. For their special conveniences and ad- vantage ovorythinç and- everybody must give wny.j evory order of public service must Docomo subordinato. Polico magistrates must bo dismissed, to make room for the upper crust of auriferous magnates. Clerke of Petty Sessions got rid of to find omploymont for the subs. Mon, cmergonoy mon in the first inBtanco, sud donly summoned into oxistenco by tho discovery of goldi it was ab initio quito clear that tho necessity for tho services of commissioners must flue tua to with the progress or declino of our gold-ilolds; that ns now discovorioa woro made, and fresh Bolds woro opened, additional commissioners would bo required, and vico i versa, that ns thoy becamo oxhausted, unless tho pro f[res3 of discovery kept pace with tho process bf ox-' laustion, tho necessity for their services must diminish, pari passu, with the process of decline. Uncertainty of tenure was, therefore, ono of tho inovitablo condi- tions attached by the vory circumstances of tho case, to tho offico of gold commissioner at tho moment of. creation. Tho office of polico magistrate, on the con- trary, if created by publia necessity, is as permanent as the population who require his . ' ser- vices. Crime and disordor aro concomi- tants of our social lifo, no matter how favourably circumstanced, and moans and appliances for their punishmont and repression must over co-exist with' the commission of oflbnecs, and those who commit thom. Whon appointments, therefore, aro givon and accoptcd in tho publico sorvicc, it is but roasonablo to expect that thoy aro so given and accepted with all tho nccossary and natural conditions attached, and nd man but a knaro or a fool, who accoptod an offlco upon tho tenure of which "uncertainty" was stamped, conld ovor ask or expect, should his services ba no longor required, that his brother official who had work to do, and who was, by tho diligent performance of that work, earn- ing his salary, should be discarded to moko room for him. Yot this is tho loading and most prominent feature of the committee's report-the modus operandi by which a do-nothing, highly-paid, class of officials are to .'be provided with billets at tho expenso of their better employed, but not so highly salaried, brethren. There is something particularly cool and conscioncaloss in all this. It is tho sort of justice which tho highwayman awards to his victim . tho fair nod equitablo troatmont which an alli- gator cxtonds to his prey. Tho framer of 'the report clearly folt tho awkwardness of íhis task,, that it was no easy matter to effect tho dismissal of a useful and well cmployod body of public servants, and tho transposition into their places of a posse of idle and useless sinccurists, who, for tho lost two years, at least) havo bean raero official dependents, feeding upon public bounty. To deprive tho transaction, thorofore, os.far as possiblo, of its ugliness, ho adopts tho ingonious process of amalgamation, that is; ho rolls' tho two offices of gold commissioner and'' polico magistrate into ono, which, in more than one case, I could point out, is about as simple a procees, with pretty nearly similar results, as adding nothing to nothing, whilst in as many instances it is about a parallel task to that of supplementing a man's noso with a pimple. Ilaving gone thus far in tho business, ho artfully insinuates that a polico mogis trato cannot be expected-, to understand a gold com- missioner's duties, whilst every gold commis- sioner is presumed to bo acquainted with tho rontino duties of a magistrate ana upon this, not vory logical conclusion, recommends that tho proper men to be retained in tho public servico are the gold commissioners, who shall porform both duties, and that thorofore tho proper mon for dismissal aro tho polico magistrates ! I am aware that tho principio that whore tho gold mining interests are subordinate to the eottlod pursuits of a district, tho polico magistrate shall be rotaincd, and perform tho commissioner's work in addition to his own, but how is this principio carried out in tho schedule of tho committee's report. It is so carried out that it enables him to give an extra £50 a year to his particular friond, tho polico magistrale of Bathurst, for holding tho status of a first-class gold commissioner, whilst a subordinate commissioner is provided to do half nothing at a . salary of £150 a year, and play tho farco of polico magistrate at tho small villago of Itookloy, about twenty-fivo milos from Bathurst, whore a first-class polico magistrate is located-a villago boasting a population, probably, of thirty to forty souls. And is this principio respected nt ForbcB and Young ? At tho former placo notoriously not, and, I bolicvo, not at tho latter, Everybody knows that Forbes is a docayed gold-flold, at which tho gold-commissioners have boen sump- tuously vegetating for tho last two years, perform- ing dummy duties at tho public cost, and, consumere friigcs nati, receiving their respcotably-sizod salarios with a becoming punctuality, and spending them liko littlo princes. Tho samo fact, although, I boliovonot to an equal extent, holds good with regard to Young. Forbes, wo aro told by tho public papers is a Equalling township, doing a largo squatting trado, and a much smaller and very fluctuating trado with a body of minors scattered about its suburbs ; yat. in direct opposition to tho principio now advorted to, a first class commissioner is to hold "court there : commissioner first, commissioner last, commissioner midst, and without end. So decrees this precious committee- or, moro correctly perhaps, so wishes, and therefore wills. Mr. Harold Maclean: Surely this official triumvirate must calculate largoly upon tho gullibility of tho Govornmout and tho Legislature, and tho stupidity of tho pub- lic. Such a documont might with somo pro frioty havo been launched into light and ifo on All-fools' Hay, when people aro permitted, if thoy choose, to talco leave of thoir, sonaos for four-nnd tweuty hours ; but ignoring, as it docs, ono of their own formally enunciated principle?, and: manifesting, as it docs, au utter disregard for everything but the comfortable provision of a favourite class of officials', vrhoso day of usefulness has long since departed-its appearance as a State paper, under existing circum- stances, is an insult to tho understanding of thc community, nnd a misorablo cotnmoutory upon tho sonso of honour justice, and fair-play, which ought to characterise tho conduct of n bodv o'f gentlemen to whom is confided aa important, publia trust at a most 1 important crisis of tho country's political history, s s I am a financial reformor/Mr. Editor, and contendí fop the prinaiplo that no man ilas any. business in thia .world who doua not,'ih'somo way pr .other, .contribute) his «hare to tho commonwoalth¡ and'I see no reason. why tliieprincipio should not' bo as rigidly1 applied te» [ thé public service.ea to any other. I hold that th»* .coùvers» of. tho.'/proposition-that tho ..labourer ia> wdr)hy of'his hire-is truo as tho proposition itself, and as a logical sequence that tho public, Jilo tba/ 'privât*, servant who does ¡not carn his salary, become» .a source of loss to his employers, and ought to bo di*- - kpensod. with. W'orhed out to ita practical consoquoncos, I »ra firmly convinced tho public service of this colony could be botter . administered than at pra I'ent at two-thirds' of tho. present coat. J£ a polico magistrate is not required, in the nomo of nil that is reasonable dispense with him, and if. a gold oaramissioner has nothing to do, dismiss bim. Com- pénsate both, if you like for loss of office, if either an ' expressed or implied contract existed whon their appointment were given that thoy would bo permanent ones, or, in other words, if perpetuity bo' a law of, thu publio service. But whatever is dono, lot it bo dono honwtly and fairly-let their bo no favouritism or ' joebory * about it-let no opportunity ,' be afferdod of ' solving friends. ana . punishing enemies. This is a young country, in which there is a voit amount of work to bo done, and work is tho one indispensable condition: of its future greatness, if ita future is to bs great. Thank God wo havo no parish poor-houses, and want none, and this is a very good season why the public service should not become a species of national refuge for tho reception of genteel pauperism, and tho public exchequer a prey to fushiqn ableand, incompetent idlers, who could nover succeed in any other walk of lifo ;.and have, through the inter- vention of friends and patrons, become littio better thoa pensioners upon the publio bounty-tho morost droana in the public hive. The committee's report docs thom littio honour ; it is a plausible document, so jesuitieally . reasoned and arranged, that there is littio chanco of ita, .misleading anyone acquainted with tho facts of the oas«. With an affectation of fairness upon tho faco of it, its recommendations, in wmo instances, are the very incarnation of favouritism and injustice. I imagino; however, that tho members of tho present Government aro not tho sort of men to bc caught by cunning and plausibility, and that thoy will adopt so much of their report as thoy believe to bo just and. reasonable, anil no more, lour loader of the 27th ultimo vary fairly and ably puts tho caso, and if ita deductions and conclusions happen to coincido with, those of tho Ministry, the woe feolosonhyof tho ex-gold commissioner will havo been oxponded in vain. lours. OBSERVER. BpsrxD ALIVE,-CURIOUS DREAU.-On Frida/ .Teaing, Mr. Riobard*,' the deputy- coroner, held aa laquiry at Balaton respecting-tue dea-h of a man named Henry Ktmp. Who «as killed by the falling in of a body of «ai th. From the evidence it was" shown that I deceased sod two o'liers were digging sand at Dalston, and had dag a hole about ten feet in depth, when th» earth slipped, and half buried the deceased, who waa working half-way in the pit His matos both assisted deceased, who was partly get ont,' when a second fall of . sand came and buried him completely. When the body was recovered life .wai extinct A young; man who lodged with deceased, and worked, with bim, gave corroborative evidence, and stated that, on the morning of tho accident, deeeased, bis wife, and witness were sitting at breakfast, when decexsed said, '' I had a wonderful curious dream last night ; I dreamt I' was smothered twice. I thought L got out ono?, and went and bad some chestnuts in tho. wood, but on coming; back I got smothered altogether.'^ The witness said deceased went to his work in good health and spirits, and did not appear to think any- thing of his dream, which, si far as his-being twice) amoibered, was almost literally fulfilled. It was shown that the whole-fault of the earth falling is resting upon, deceased alone, to whom it had been a few minutes before pointed out that tho earth was not" euffioiently strutted ; but all the reply be made was that it was all right Tun EXODOS THOM IRELAND.-Tho Cork Herald saja:-"The best evidence of the extraordinary vitality of the Irish exodus is the still Increasing com- petition amongst steamship owners for a share in th» enarmona paeseoger tratfio between this country and America. The air lines cf ocean steamers matting; Queenstown a port of call on their passage to America. ? have just been supplemented by a seventh which promi.es to afford advantages that will place it on a> par. with those already engaged in the trade. Mossie. Oaion and Co., the extensiva brokers of New York and Liverposl, who have hitherto shared largely in the ' basinets of the National Company's line have severed -or are about to sever their connection with that, undertaking, and havo started an independent, line of first-class steamships. For the present, they have chartered four of the Allan Com- pany'* Canadian steamers, pending the constriction of a fleet of new vessola, of great size and superiority, the' first of whioh will commence to plv in the spring. The departure* will be weekly (every Thursday) from Liverpool, calling' nt Queenstown every Friday to em- bark passengers. Hopes are entertained ' that thc owners' Inrgeinflueaco on tho otherside of the Atlantic will enable them to secure the privilege of convey in gr the United States mails, as at present enjoyed by tho loman line The first of tho chartered steamers, the» Moravian, called at Queenstown on Friday, bound out. haying made the run from Liverpool in twenty-one boors, although ber engines wera slowed for some time. She bod onboard nearly ber full complement of pasaen gers, and about fifty additional cleared and embarked ora the wharf of the agents at Queenstown, within half an honr of tba steamer's arrival," Tns DUKE or AMA.-The brother.in-law ot Napoleon III. is a short little man, who bas'some» thing icy about his whole manner. Small and weak, his race displays an alabaster hne. which gives him a "ghost-like aspect. In Spain the story is ouïrent, that tbs) duke waa buried tefore he was born. When bia mother was enciente with him, she was taken so des ' naratoly ill, that all the attempts to restore her remained fruitless. The duohess died far from Madrid, at a> chateau which had always been her favourite resi- dence. She was bnried in the family vault; and aa ist thecustom of the Spanish nobility, "several valuables, among others ber rings, were put into the coffin. The treasures which had been left to oblivion with tho dncliOBS aroused the oupidity of some ruffians ; they broke into the vault on the night following the fanerai, robbed the dead woman, and weald not' leave* the coffin till thyy had plucked a tushing diamond ring from the finger of thc corpse. The diamond waa, on the little finger, and would not como off. This gaver the. body-snatchers the truly cannibal idea of euttinpr off the finger. The pain aroused the apparently dead woman; she came to ber senses, sat np in bor, coffin» and, by her unexpected awakening, pat the robbers to flight. When they departed they forgot to close the vault. The duchess found sufficient strength to quit her coffin, and return to the chateau, where ehe waa at tirât taken for a ghost, and a priest was called in to exorcise it. But as he was unable lo . banish the spectre, the people in the chateau gradually began to believe in her corporeal existence. Tho duohees recovered, and gave birril to a boy, who, hos nover lost the deadly pallor which ho brought into the world with him.-Napoleon tho Third and his Court, By a Retired Diplomatist. PBBSIDSM DAVIS'S FAULTS.-Unable, howover, to comprehend tbe proportions of the struggle impending,, or to realise that downright war for coercing tho seccded[statcs back into the Federal Union would be tba result, afr. Davis from the ontset failed to avail him self of tho resources of the colton states to provider arms and munitions of war in the least degree adequate to the exigency. A just measure of his ideas ot tho state of almira and of possible contingencies ia to bei found ia the first orders sent to Europe for arms, whioh were but for ten thousand Enfield rifles. Ton thousand, rifles with whioh to moet tho shock of arms with ar power of such energies and resources as were wielded by bis adversary 1 Ono in his placo, of more elvil experience, might be partially excused for auch a mis alien policy ; but an ednoated soldier, with flows enlarged' by connection, with the functions of senator and war miaister, surely must be held to tho severest accountability for such a fatal misconception of the situation. At that time the Southern people were anxious that their government should take their cotton and tobacco. There was a ve y large amount of foreign exchange -, also in po'seasien of the bank», whioh I know waa offered at favourable rates. Thero would have boca littles difficulty in exporting - the cotton and tobacco, and quite M little ia importing arms and supplies into. Southern ports at that early staue of the blockade, a* waa shown by the ease with which tbe commercial operations ot John Frazer and Co, (including theic large voluntary importations of small. armB, artillery» and powder) wore carried on, not to speak of the largo commeroial marino successfully engaged in runniKRtnet I blockade, in 18G3 and 1864. I n..IU,-. <.r«.ti.i_ M._i \- ' JütfWSOtt .D(.Y¡»i" Itt I om^rçr » iiun jugamij magazine, 