Humors of the Day. SAWS BY OUR OWN SAWYER. "ICHABOD." Nothing perfect. Some crook is found in every staff; And every grain must have Its chaff; Without their woods no garden plots; The ran itaelf has ugly spots. Every bean must have its black; Every good doth something lack: Every skin tome freckle ihowi; Some faulty petal, every rote. No bone that never stumbles live* • No fire so bright that no smoke give* : No harp without 1U feeble notes ■ No beam of light without its motes. The world iUelf Is not quite round; A ghost in er cry house is found ■ No tree without its withered leaf; No joy without its shade of grief.' No clock that never erred a minute: No book without some error la it Great Homer's self did sometimes All bear the sin-stamp— ' A Botrxigh in Pebil.—Old King OoaL A Stebbosoophic Slidi.—" On the Ioe." A fine coat may cover a fool, bat norrr eon ceali one. New name for the Petroleum Aristocracy.—- The Oligarchy. The sieve through which the man itrained every nerve U for sale at leu than fint cost. What's the difference between a butcher and a corn-doctor ?—One cut* the corns, and tha other corns the cuts. Why are birds likely to feel depressed early on summer mornings P—Because their little bills are all over dew. The youth who cut open the bellows to Me where the wind came from v now trying hit hand at fattening greyhounds. What's the difference between an incendiary and an engineer ?—One banks the fire, and the other fires the banks. A scan recently tried toft soap to smooth the j harshness of his wife's tongue. It took off ft little of thoroughness, but made it run faster. A nosegay is easily obtained: Four brandy toddies a day for a couple of months will pat you in the way of one that will astonish all your friends. Hartley Colebidgb once being asked which of Wordsworth's productions he considered the prettiest, very promptly replied: " His daughter Dora." If you would enjoy your meals be good natured. An angry man cannot tell whether he is eating boiled cabbage or stewed um brellas. A Women offering to sign a deed, the judge asked her whether her husband compelled her to sign ?—" He compel me!" said the lady j " no, nor twenty like him." Sxabt.—A minister, putting his hand upon a young urchin's shoulder, exolaimed, "My son, I believe the devil has got hold of you. " I believe so too," was the reply. File Rioht.—" File right!" said an offleer to his company.—" Bedad," said an Irishman, who stood near by sharpening his saw," it's me own praperty, and I'll be after doin' as I plate widit." * Jenkins thus describes the hangings of a New York belle:—"She wore an exquisite bypha lutin on her head, while her train was composed of transparent fol-de-roL and her petticoat of eramhambuli flounced with Brussels three-ply of A Wo. 1. Hebe it a sermon said to hare been preached, of course, in America :—" Our ingress in life it naked and bare; our progress through life it trouble and care j our egress out of it we know not where; but doing well here, we sliall do well there; I could not tell more by preaching a year." Bone Fever.—A Central American corres pondent gives an expressive idea of tho delights of the bone fever, which prevails in that latitude, when he says that often, when first attacked, did he lie in his berth " and revel in luxurious recollections of the happy dayt when he was only sea-sick!" The editor of the Boston Daily Star, in relinquishing his charge, gives the following notice:—Any one wishing com hoed, gardens weeded, wood sawed, coal pitched in, paragraph! written, or small jobs done with despatch, and on reasonable terms, will please make im mediate application to the retiring editor." A Chebubiic.—A stuttering boy, who had become familiar with the round-faced figures on tombstones supposed to represent cherub*, seraphs, and other heavenly creatures, liappen ing to shoot an owl one day, exclaimed, " Well, th-th-there now, if I ain-ain't sbo-shoshot a cherubim." Two captains agreed to share their prizes, and met weekly to give an account of their seven days' work and signalise their luck. On one occasion Captain A—— signalised Captain B ," I have taken something." Quickly went up the bunting. "What hare you taken ?" and all hands stood on tip-toe of ex pectation. " Physic," was the pithy reply of Captain A . Fbbfeotly Plain. —"Or," said an old Scotch woman to her minister, " I didna ken a part of your sermon yesterday." "Indeed! what was it?" "You said the Apostle used the figure of circumlocution, and I dinna ken what it means." "Is that all P It's very plain. The figure of circumlooution is merely a periphrastic mode of diction." " Oh! ah !it that a' P" said the good woman; " what a pair fool I were not to understand that 1" How Many he Killed.—An old fellow in a neighboring town, who is original in all things, especially in excessive egotism and profundity, and who took part in the great re bellion, was one day talking in the village tavern to a crowd of admiring listeners, and boasting of his many bloody exploits, when he was interrupted by the question, " I say, old Joe, how many rebs did you kill during the war ?"—How many did I kill, sir P—how, many rebs did I kill ? Well, don't know 'zactlyhow many : but I know this much— I killed at many o' them as they did o' me !" — America* paper. RULES FOB THE PbESIBTATION OF HEALTH.— If the silver of advancing years is on your head, don't change it for paper. Wash yourself now and then. Don't eat much more than your stomach will hold. Keep your temper. Temper your keep. If a soldier, don't rest upon your laurels until they have been well aired. If busi ness compels you to go out before breakfast, have some breakfast first. Do not swallow too many telegrams. Keep out of the strets when gold is falling. Use tooth powder instead of gunpowder. Neither sleep in hot rooms, nor eat mushrooms. Rise early, before you are twenty-five, if possible. Don't let your phy sique go to the dogs. In these times of midnight raids, all that tends to explain how hen-coops are emptied, hams carried away, &c;, has a peculiar value. One night lately, says tho Baltimore Oaxett c, a man was aroused by an unusual noise in hi* yard, and found that some ono had broken open his meat-house and was carrying off his meat. He hailed the supposed thief, but fouud to hi* astonishment that ho had waked up the most unhealthy looking four-legged customer ho had ever beheld. At first he was tempted to leave the field to the intruder, but not liking to lose his meat, he concluded to make at him. He was met by a most ferocious growL He at once ran to the house, got his gun, and blazed away at the monster. The shot had about the same impression on it as would be produced by shoot ing green peas against a brick wall. The devil uttered au infernal growl, shook his chains, spit sparks of fire from his mouth, and filled the air with the smell of brimstone. The unearthly actions of the demon made the hair stand an the man's head; but he could not bear to lose his bacon. He then, nothing daunted, deter mined to liave another firo at the devil, and took the precaution to put a Minnie ball in his gun. The shot took effect directly in the eye of the monster, and he rolled upon tie ground, a life less corpse. Upon examination it wa< found to be a negro man, wrapped in a muleskin, which he had padded and llxed up to render it imper vious to shot, and the fire and brimstone was but an artifice int nded to frighten away intruders, wiOfr he committed the robbery. , 