THE EMPÍBB AND ÏHÉ ROMAN BISHOPâj I TO THE BDITOtt- OT THE ESIMBE. i I SIR,-Under all th» clroiimatandes' I ara thankful ; for your leader ol yesterday, In reference to my ' ' letter of Monday, 30th April. Yon hare thus recalled \- - the attention of - the pnblio to what I oentider a rary important matter, and, whether yoor arguments aro satisfactory or not 'yon hare given the pabilo another opportun! ty, of reflecting oh the gain or lo «a of impart lag into 'the "colony additional Roman biahnps. lom \- " ' 'thankful ' too; beoiusa your leader will : aho» the " "r<-ílértiog'of the oorumunity, by what process of rezon- ing the btatomenta and, argument* contained in my letter, aro set asido as so'much-rnoonsbinn ant make > ? '- believe, 1 'Suoh temperate dlsousden is decide Hy useful ' to oar Protestant people, aa it is only from their point ' of view,-'and as affecting them, that I have bean looking " ' "lit the1 subject.' 1 : . ..'' « ' ! ..1-inay be allowed, however, to point ont to the writer ' ' of the leader, that be hasentirely mistaken the meaning and object of my letter. The queation raised Was not a theilogtoal question» so that neither my "Sootoh theology, ' nor the theology of Rome,' oamo lintier con- sideration. Indeed, I especially esohswed the question of theology, ns be himself bad confined the question, in a former louder, to the. j" publlo and private virtues'' likely to be promoted by .tho additional bishops. Tho question dlsousted waa.purely one of morals, and . i po ltlos:", and therpfore alibis references to my baing ."saturated with Sootoh .theology,'^and to Protettnnta . aa well as .Catholics.striving io .get .people to " go to their Ohurob," and to the." rites' and ceremonies whioh ; ! distinguish one Church from another,',' - und to my " giving lo ¡tures to my people are riot raeaati inc people by tho Obufoh to which' they belong," anti to'my making It fvquite clear that Presbyterianism ls ali true and necessary to salvation ;" nil those refetonor a, and a great many moro, aro totally irrelevant,' and unworthy of the subjeot. ' .-^Agata,, tho writer' of tba leader complains that I wrote my lotter, "knowing nothing " about" the charaater and conduot" i of the expeoted I bishops. Of course - I have no .loraonal knowledge of tbs two expected bishops, nor is it neoei airy that I should. I nona they nra gentlemen, i oharaoter and oonduot, BO far as tba world can judge ( »nob a matter j but their personal qualities were no In disputo j 'I bnd only to cfo with their official oharac . tevand with the teachings and influor.ee wbioh ar ? ; 'implied In that oharaoter ; ' and every one knows, wba 1 ? the writer of the leader admits, that the personal ohar aoter atd the official oharaoter may ba greatly difieren! for example, a Tory in politics may be a very libers and generous landlord ; but,' when you are speaking o bis polltioi, you condemn his tory ism. '. A liberal h polillos may be a tyrant at home, and a terror to i bl neighbourhood; but, when you speak of bis polltios 'jyoa praise bis llbora'isn. So. a Roman .biabo] . may bs a scholar and . a gentleman,.. and . i ;inhis private oapaoity, may ieoeive tfai respeotofall plasm; but,;wheo you speak of bli Romanism, and of its bsarlngs on. the morals anc \- liberties of the oemmanlty, you buroly may speak of 1' ' , in,the severest terms, as the bane ef society, without lt ,'. any way reproaching the pertonal oharaoter oflthi ' bishop himself. It is said of como of the worst ol '.' Roma's popes and bishops, that while personally thej had some good points, officially they aoted as the era "."',' boliments of wickedness. .Rut,' betides, if it wai wrong for me to write my letter .while "knowing ' nothing of tho oharaoter and conduot " of tho expeoted biahbpi-wrong to tell the oommunlty that theil < > 'coining would be a /ois, waa it not equally wrong i foi ' f i the writer of the leader himself to tell the oommunlty \- that their coming would be again, when he also "knew nothing of their oharaoter and conduct ?" \\. Lat me recall to the memory of the writer, ¿the Words of his former leader, on wbioh'my "lettor waa baaed. Speak ng of the appointment of the bishops, be says t " Happily the time bas gone by when an event ofthtskindcan.be regarded with any other feelings than those of satisfaction, that mort provision has been made for-the. diffusion of those moral sentiments and the inculcation of .those public and private virtues which form the safeguards of society." As personal obaraoternnd oonduot are not specially referred to in' thole words, my letter, wbioh .profesar to be an answer ; ) to these words, does not ! digress into' 'the question bf . pononal oharaoter. .But,: aa these words bear exclu- sively on official oharaoter, .my whole letter deals with tbls official oharaoter In the main particulars through wbioh we have knowledge of it. . The wrlterof the' leader mentions "moral sentiments" Xor the diffusion Of which Roman bishops aro pruvided.. He also men Hons "publia and pricate virtues,", for the inoaloa lion "of whioh such bishops are appointed, And'.-, he calls onus to regard " with . feelings; cf satlsfaotion" the fact that auch ñ provision has been (j made, in the appointment' of'.thé expected' blshepi, because,the " moral sentiments''will be diffused, and the " publio and private virtues','Inoulcated, wbioh are .the '. safeguards, of soolety." And. while I have, so .: moans of knowing the personal character and oonduot of the expeoted bishops, until they ooma, amongst us, and, therefore,.cannot " denoonoe them" in these teh snoot', until ¿toy doserre it." ' I have ax pie means' \- or knowing what are the " moral ?sntimenti' wbioh Booian bishops are provided to diffuso, and what aria tbe " pnblio and private virtues" which they are ap- pointed to. inculcate, 1 have only to open Rome's standard books-booka whlob aro ber text books and standards at the preaent day-to know theso. These ;books,do.not lie-they do not equivocate-they do not dilute and explain away, os some of ibo bishops are 'able to do t therefore, If I wish to know what ara tbs " moral sentiments" of Romanism, and, its " publie and ~ ' private virtues," , wbioh - Boman bishops are, provided to diffuse : and' : Inculcate, m'y duty is, not to go to plausible bishops, \- -and oonning Jejuiat* and hilarious prleata, and Judge from what I am able to sr e of their oharaoter and oon- duot, but to go to the standard booka of Rome, to wbioh , -, the infallible ohuroh ls pledged, and Judge from what is ' written, and remains. To some of these "moral senti- ments" my lotter alluded. ' To some of these "publio and private virtues" my letter dlstlaotly.referred ; and, as I think I'aucoeasfully nhówed that inîtead of these "moral sentiments'' and "publioand private,virtues', being the " safeguards of our sooioty," they are like the' worm or the axe at tho root.of soolety.' I think I had good reason to dráw.tbe inference that the appointment of blab op» to diffuse snob, sentiments una virtuos, is on V event to bo regarded by all intelligent colonists, not with feelingB of" satisfaction," but with tboie of sorrow and alarm. If, tbcrefore, tbo writer pf the artiele wilt .how that what 1 havo stated is false, or'that "my infe ronce is unwarranted, he will write to some purpose ¡ but ai he has not donoso, I invite bim to dolt-that is if/te can. , ¡ The writer of Ibo ortlolo nf xl" advances the extra- ordinary statement that the oath whioh Roman bishops take, on their appointment to their office, ii nothing ' more tba» an empty form, intended to'frighten and not to bind I Tho moaning of this is, that on taking tho Oath of ornoo, Roman bishops foreswear themselves they pass through n solemn foroo to whlob thoso ad- ministering tho oath, and those ' taking it, aro eonsoioualy parties-they swear tb diffuse moral sentiments," whlob they never intend to diffnso, and to " inculcate publia and private virtues,',' whlob, they \- never mean to inotileate-and they take an path, cruel, and tyrannous and menaoing in in term's, only for'the purpose of frightening- whom T it oannot be their own people j and how prepoiterous to frighten those whom they wish to draW to their own oliuroh I I do not know whether mob an aocount of Hornau oaths and "Kornau bishops will be pleasing to the Roman people, in the colony ¡ bnt there lt is-not my acoount, bot the aooount of one who regards with plcasuro and satisfaction the appointment of stioh foioaworn bishops .to teach . "moral sentiments'and publio. oed pt Wat o virtues 1" , The writer of the article. may imagine that I do not hold very high opinions of the moral sentiments, and pnbllo and private virtues of Roman bishops ¡ mit 1 confess I havo not yet gone tho lesgth of " denouncing them" as ho has done, I certainly wonld not plnoo muoh oonfidonco in tbolr oaths to tho Britiih Govern* \- mont, booause I know tho Fops can absolve them | 'bot ' I always reckoned that the oaths which they swore to the Pope himself were honestly taken, and ex anlmomadei but ltappoars not-" they neither bind nor inflaenco-they are mero ghosts,'' Pretty teaohors, thom, of " moral ? sentiments," when their appointment Us teacher! is eo groes an oat of immorality I What a certificate to tho publia " virtues" of Raman bishops, I give the writer of tho artlolo perfect liberty to aoouio Roman bishops of snob flagrant immorality, I while ho ki.owa nothing of their obaraoter and conduot, ? if he pleases; but 1 deny bim tho liberty to cover that aoouiatlun under tho common accusation that Pro- testant bishops and Presbyterians uro gullly of tho sacas thing. It ls quito true thud exceptions may bo found, Oolonsoi and others may awoar to the 09 articles, and then set thom at nonght | Drummonds and others may swonr to tho Confession'of Faith, arid then proaoh Boolnlunlsin ) but to aoouio all who swear to tho 30 articles, and (ho confession of regarding their catha us mero forms ' and ghosts, "whlob aro wonderfully elastic," and "sit easily upon Hiern," is'ralbar, too givát! » »bort/ for .tb« writer o tba article,' to take with the morals and* virtues (c clergymen of whom be ' knows nothing." ' | Fioall/-Tho writer of the article pretty brandi intimates to me to mind my own business, sad leav' Roman biahups alone, unloss they come to me for rn; adyioe or money.; . Thia hint is rather, blundering!; given roe. _ " ifhenhe males lt quite clear that Prosby terianism is all tra', and that all its truths are noces sary to salvation, he mar' safely leave bishops alone.' I suppnso ho means " until" I have done sa; ' He wooli wish me to think that my present business is wit! Presbyterianism,-and tbatw7.su I hive m kde all its " trnthi neoessary for salvation," I may then turn mj attention to Roman bishops. . Bat this is rather incoo sistent advice for one who says " it oannot take a life- time to prove the whole and necossary truth of e rebgionf" What, then, if it should turn onl that the past part of my life has boen devoted to proving the necessary trntbs of Presby- terian Um. Am I not now in the very Íioii ion to give attention to Roman bishops f Hon naoneistent also is this hist of tko writer of the artio>, Binoa he affeotB to lament that olergymon are sn far bobind tbs times/ and that they are far tio " meta- physical " and t-o llttlo '< praotioal," and that their teaob'ng is too ranch oonflneo! to what ''will fit ns for heaven," to tho n-gleet of what "will flt ns to bo ranked ai cood members of society." ' If tho writer of tba article had not entirely misunderstood my letter bs would havo seen that it never alluded to " heaven" at all, and'that its' whole bearing was on what will render us flt to be ranked as go id members of soolety.'' My letter, therefore, wat thoroughly practical- ; And this, I wish him to understand, is exaetly my business i and, lt is Just because I. believe In the praotioal, and cordially accept the conneotion between doctrine and praotloe that 1 hare', painted ont, and will point out again, as long as I live that Romanism, IM'ITS CIVIL iNFLUENor ANO BEAMNÓ, is not only not.fitted to make ns " good members cf society, ' but is, powerfully fitted to corrupt nnd endanger soolety ; and that Boman bishops, bound aa they ora to teaoh Romanism, ditfueo " moral sentiments," and inculoate " publio and private virtu;s" whioh ought to be regarded, tn snoh a eountry as oars, not with tidings of satisfaction and pleasure, but with those of corrow and alarm, by erory lover of . Tour», Seo., .i i ,. i " : JOHN M'QIBBON. Tuesday, 8tli May, I860; ' a. 