LITERATURE OF THE MONTH. (pnmi oiiii londok corrfspokdekt ) London, October. The Quarterly Review has ailmimblo papers on ihe " Stale and Prosceeta of Itn'y/' "The Hduea'lon of the Blind, " "Tho Galilean Church," and " The ltusalana In Central Aria." The fir?t pirca clenr and cucclnct information to nil who wish " to know what Italy, as nt pre terit constituted, really is ; what are its resources, capabilities, nnd prospects, nnd more erptclally wlmthas beeu douo, is doing, nnd mny bo done to raise it to thnt economical and political con sideration to which it naturally aspires." On trsde the following remarks aro.made : — " The increase of the trade has been very marked alnco the formation of the kingdom. The commercial revival has been most conspicuous hi Genoa, Sicily, and. Naples. Tlio trade of Genoa has far outstripped tlie cnpnelty of the port for its accom modation, nnd hns rendered necissary a largo ex tension of its piers nnd whnifs, and the removals of the naval arsenal lo La Spestla. An un wonted activity pervades other cities. Naples hns became n ltlvo of animated Industry. Tbo ulu siUI,«l \ Lll tUAUS Ul lUv jatilifltlv lliit 11 l>>iliKwllt.tS from the slc.p of cenlurio,, and are feeling the piilsntlon of a new commercial life. Tito trade of Italy, however, in proportion to its extent nnd population, is tho sma'Iest in Hurcpe, but the impulse given to tho coasting trade has been very g:eat, nnd tlio vessels employed in it being chief!) native, it must ba regarded as a proof of a greatly increased intercourse between tbe different provinces — a very favourable omen of their permanent union." On inteicoinmunicalion it is said that " the progress which the construction of railways bus nlrosdy nindo is surprising. I ttdinn engineers are driving the locomotives Ihrtuah tlie deepest rocessos of the Apennines; aud it is hut during the present year thnt a line nns completed from Bologna to Pis- torin and Florence, after having threaded tho defiles of Central Italy. The tuunel under Mont Ce'ttis, a work which will he one of the greatest engineering tiiumphe of the 10:h century, is steadily, if slowly, progressing; aud iu tho mean time a railway over tlie Alps ls in contemplation, the successful construction of which will effect n total change in tho communications of moun- tainous districts. 1 11c projsceett tine is tntcnaeu to fill tlie break which exists in the railroads be tween Franco and Its ly for 47 miles, nnd a short cxpet inter, tal line lias been constructed between Lansiebourg and tbe summit of Mont Cents, upon which engines have been running with very heavy loads with perfect success, aud tlio ascent lias been accomplished in eight minutea and a half. The principle which has been adopted in engineering traction is the source of litis remark able success. By a system of horizontal driving- wheels acting upon a middlo rail, gradients of 1 in 12 cau be overcome, while those of 1 In 25 or 1 in 30 have hitherto only been considered prac tical. The cost of a permanent independent summit llne with a wider gauge lias been esti mated nut te exceed one- fourth of the cost of the tunnel. When this undertaking is completed, tire journey over the Alpswill be effected in little more than four, instend of nino hours ; and although the tunnel will probably supersede the mountain railway for travelling. Tbe latter will bo an importnnt addition to tlie facilities for commorclal traffic between Italy nnd tho north of Europe." The writer ef tlie article on "Tho Galilean Church" praises three works commended in my previous letters — " Under tho Ban," " The Men," and " The Jesuit" — written by a dis tinguished French abbe, who mixes with the religious anu literary society ot Forts, ann whom Abe Jesuits would gladly interdict. The reviewer speaks of the Gsllicau Church as "mere and more alienated from oil the commanding that of the nation ; nnd more nnd more leaning upon the immediately physical support of the Imperial Government (which, however, Is now markedly averse to Iter ultramontane tendencies), and secondly upon Rome, who is carrying on daily her favourite work of denationalising tho vassal communion ; becoming more and more a mero parasite of the Papacy — that Papacy itself, to all appearances, la the spasms which, whilst they lend it for the moment a preternatural and shocking strength, show like the surest tekens and tlio most inward forerunner of a coming dissolution." What is (o bo tho end ? "One conclusion seems inevitable, that those amongst ourselves who are lured awav from tlieir father's church by tlie boasted profession that they will thus leave discoid for unity, are the victims of tiie very shallowest of Impositions." The paper on' " The Russians in CeDtral Asia" describes the aggressions and extensions on (heir side and ours, and discusses tits diplomatic policy, that hns been pursued. The writer gives his opinion on the present duty of England, nnd snjrs : — "IJ is to bo hoped that Wt sliail not premaiureiy take p'ai'm. At present there is no pressing danger, no cause for unusual precautions ; hut the time may como when it will be our duty to remember that outworks are as necessary to tlie defence of empires as of for tresses, and thnt in this view Herat and_Cantln- hnr nro tlie Malakoif and Mnmelon of ourposition in tho East." Other papers nro on "Eng lish Cathedrals," "Tho Mariner's Compass," " Poetry of Pracd nnd Lord Houghton," "Field Sports of the Ancients." The Edinburgh Review praises highly " Ex tracts from the Journals and Correspondence of Miss Berry, from tho year 1783 to 1852," edited by Lady Theresa Lewis, in 3 vols. Tho story of n life spent in the most recherche society, during 70 years oi eventful history, is well drawn out, and told with taste and feeling. A paper on " Lite in tiie unminai Gloss" descriDes tno grades of vice and the agencies for reformation, finding groat fault with the lightness of the presont punishment of penal servitude, snd with the operation of tickcts-of-leave and discharges. Tno writer of on article on "Tho Rcck-cut Temples ef India," nt Aurungabad, Uowlalabad, and Ellora, recommends a visit to thesa monu ments of antiquity as a pleasant winter excur sion. "Wo desire," says he, "to seo such tours mere frequently attempted by our intelli gent countrymen and women, because wo wish them to seo and judgo of average specimens of the Indian population for them selves; and thnt what has been affected by a British Government already, what is in pro gress, and what remains to be dono in the way of improvement, education, and other civilising influences, may be understood. They would sea sn intelligent, industrious, and, iu spite of in comprehensible idolatry and superstition, an amiable people. They would seo good husbandry, nnd a fertile country, nnd they would return with a'oonviction that the Mnhrattns and Mn- homedans who live thcro are n reasonably civilised people ; descendants uf men who even before the ages of European antiquity had exe cuted works of masterly skill, and wilts professed n religion which has exercised a prodigious influence over vast numbers of mankind." " Campbell's Frost nnd Firo" is severely criti cised. Full ofin (cresting facts and suggestions, it is said, nevertheless, to bo too crude and undi gested. " l'ulgrave's Arabia" is commended, nnd presentrd in outiiue. "Tits Cromwellian Settlement of Ireland" Is the topic of a short paper, giving an account of that settlement, and painting out tlie reasonB for its failure. It thus concludes : — " The prompt and complete success of the rigorous measures taken by the Govern ment in the course of this autumn to exposo and crush the Fenian Association, ins carnod for Lord Woodhouse tlie respect and gratitude of nil the educated classes in Ireland, and of the clergy of all denominations. Perhaps it i9 the first time that measures of repression taken by tlie Govern ment have been heartily supported by tlie Irish ' nation. We hope this will be the Inst of these obsoloto and abortive attempts at revolution, and that tho Srdcnt and patriotic youlh of Ireland will learn that they have nothing to gain from secret soeieties or foreign intrigues, but that tiie future welfare of their country depends on a steady adherence to n liberal policy in obedience to the laws of the United Kingdom." Sir Thos. Wyse's work entitled "An Excursion in the, Pclopo- BCS3UF in the Year 1858" is favourably nollced as trustworthy and satisfactory, and very plea santly writfen. It forms the basis of an article ' on the present condition of Greece, which eon- \-- . tains this passage : — "There has, undoubtedly, grown up in England ot late years an exag gerated aud unfair impression with regard lo lite condition nnd prospects of Greece ; su imprcs- I fioit pet lisps purposely promoted by tluso of our stntcsmen who are endeavouring to prop up the tottering fnbtic ef Tut kbit despotism, but which it in great measure tho result of disappointment. By a natural revulsion of feeling, the ardent Philhellenism of 30 years since lias given place to a pettish discontent with tho people we havo helped to free. Undoubtedly tho result lias not corresponded wilh our sanguine expectations. The Greeks hare not ' gouc abend' as Englhh- mcn or Americans would have tlcno under the circumstances. The liberated kingdom of Greece Is still a poor nnd petty State, with a scanty population, a bankrupt trcosuty, and imperfectly developed resources. There is no denting this. But it is altogether unjust to overlouk the amount of progress that has actually been made, it would bo equally unjust not to acknow ledge tho (act that lite rffurta and energy of tho people havo as yot never been allowed free scope lo devclapo them8elvcs, and their best endeavours havo too often been thwarted by an injudicious nnd npnlhciic Government." Spiritualism is qi>vf>ri)W ilprntinniiil In a nnn»p ati American Psyclioinsncy.'' Ono of tlie works reviewed is described as " a mad jumble of Splnozism, Fourierisin, St. Simonianisra, Swedcnborginnism, nnd Rationalism." lis compilers, " besides col lecting the speculative garbage of long-since forgotten philosophers, piinolpnlly of tho llosi- crucian and other mystical schools, have not dis dained to embellish their compo.-ite work with many t,f Life nonsensical conceits to bo found in the lucubrations of Martinus Soriblerus, and in llto trnvels of Munchausen nnd Gulliver!" A spirit's freak ls thui narrated in one of iho books under notice : — " Mr. Henry Gordon, Ibe well-known spirit medium, now residing iu Philadelphia, was recently entranced nt his resi dence, and slid upstairs upon the banister of tbo. stairway, and then turned and slid down head foremcst, in the sarao manner, nil by an invisible power." Here is nnotlicr record from tbe spiritual Telegraph: — "Miss Cowlcs, In Aiignstinberg; railed up tho ghost of a horse, ' Old Pomp,' nnd lie tramped like a borse on a table. How large wea the tabic? Doge also have scratched upon tiie table, as audible and as race ; and a cat revealed the secret that it had been drowned, whilst at a very tender age, in a cistern, by a young lady who was present." Further on tho writer of the paper, with proper indignation, sBys, " Well may tho sober in tho States stand aghast at such professions and practices as these, and despond for tho future of their country !" tickings pitoii "rnitcn." A new name for the toothache — G rinderpest. Mental Abstraction. — Stealing the ideas of others and fancying them your own. Early Piety. — Matilda Jano (catching the Parson after Sunday school) : " Oh, Sir, please what would you charge to christen my doll ! " The Btitish Association. — Next day there was a large gathering to hear something about canni balism. Professor RawiinsDn gave ua to under stand that be shouldn't like to be a cannibal. He didn't know any cannibal personally. (I had a joke ubout being acquainted with an " Eton bay," but CDUidn't get it ready in time.) Mr. Crawford said that there had hem Scotch canni bals and Irish cannibals, no insisted that cannibalism was merely o matter of taste. For bia port Mr. Blanks asked why the eulject had not been stuck to. The President observed that it had been stuck re. int. jussn, r.n.a., sstu lie Hadn't noeru any ono define cannibalism (I bale Dash). Dr. Camps replied, that if Mr. Dash had only list ened, instead of trying to mako Professor Ken neth M'Kenzie laugh, by playing .Punch and Judy dolls with his pocket-haudkerchlef, he would havo heard something very much to his advantage. I rose and commenced my mathe matical paper. The President said J t hadn't much to do with cannibalism. I oxplained that that was the fun of it. Tha President said I couldn't read it. I said I could. In deference, however, to his wishes, I would begin my "Physics." Here I produced a bottle labslied. The President explained that the silting was over, and that my papers would bo " taken." I protested against their being token, end pro posed thnt wo should play at 'cannibals. The meeting hastily adjourned. Not a doubt of it. .We often hear people dtbating on the origin of Croquet, and wondering by whom and where the game was first Introduced. As to the locality, we have ne means of forming on accurate idea, but wc think tiie frogs were certainly among tlio first to croak-oh ? Quite the worse thing out. — Why is the Atlantic cable like a rnllroad across a valley 7 Because it is a wire ducked. The Re-united States. — Colonel North (to Colonel South), "Wal, brother, guess we couldn't both win; so let'a shako hands and just liquor up. Pedantry of the Press. — Wi iters deligHt in cnlling tho murrain "the rinderpest" Why don't they call it simply " the cattle-lepsy V' Curo for tho Cattle Plaguo. — It is possible that the disease, which is now carrying off the cattle might have been arrested if the bull had In ihe first been taken by tho horns. Young, but Artful. — Frank : "I say Arthur, I wish you'd go and kiss--my sister. There ehe is." Arthur : " AH right, what for ?" Prank : ,'i Why, because then, I could kisi yours." Friends in Council.— Tom (to Jack, who has " como in" to a nico little, esiate in Surrey, whercunto he intends retiring and rusticating) : iuu :i Keep cotvsj a suppose, ana ait mat sort of thing?" Jack: " Oh, no, can't bear milk." Tom: " Cocks aud hens, then?" Jnck : "No, bale eggs snd puddings and all that !" Tom : " Nor yet sheep ?" Jack: "Eh, ah! oh, yes; I'll have a sheep. I'm very fond of kidneys for bweakfust!" Buoyant Insctip'ion for the Atlantic Cable. — " To be left till called for." A Shabby Relation.— Uncle: George, here's a beautiful chromo-iithograph I've just bought. Very cheap I got it. Now I want your advice where to hang it. I was thinking — " George fdlsgusted): "A chromo ! Well, of all tho beastly — Look here, uncle I I should take the opportunity when the cook'was in a good humour and ask her, ns a great favour, to find a place for it behind the back kitchen door!" (Feat is, George thinks his rich relative had much belter spend his monoy in original pictures, and in those of ono talented young painter in parti cular.) 