LOCAL NEWS. St. Mart's Young Men's Society.-The usual weekly meeting of this looiety was held on Wednesday evening -the vioe-president, Mr. 0. H, Prentice, in the chair. The attendance was good, and the evening was spent in the delivery of reoitations. Sudden Collapse or the Charges «ade bt Judue Francis and Judos Mbyuott aqaikst Free Sblso tors.-The Premier yesterday afternoon laid on the table of the Assembly, papers purporting to be a return to the motion of Mr. Loots for the names and other par- ticulars of the free selectors referred to by these two Judges as having been cenvicled of oattle stealing and other offences. Mr. Martin said the papers laid on the table wore not in fact a return to the ruosion, and that he had reoeived letters from Jndge Francis end Judge Meymott, stating that to famish the information asked for by the house would be an impossibility.-Empire, Oct. 10. Raising Potatoes under Straw.-Cn a recent trip in St, Clair County, Illinois, we saw hundreds of acres of land covered with straw. The ground had been ploughed and harrowed and marked off, and potatoes dropped, and then the whole surface covered about six ¡nobes deep with straw. The potatoes have no further attention till digging timo, when two or three hundred bushels per | aore are obtained. Tho straw keeps the weeds down, and the soil cool and moist Ibe straw is raked away in autumn, and there he the potatoes white and clean The straw potatoes bring the highest price in market - Rural World. CHARGE OF PERJURY.—At the West Maitland polioe court, on Thursday, Edward Scarlett appeared, on re- mand, charged at the instance of Henry Nichols with having committed perjury by false swearing, in evidence given by Scarlett, at the West Maitland polioe court, on the 20th ult, in a case against the present complainant for a breaoh of the Publicans' Act. The information set forth that defendant did falsely, wiokedly, and corruptly swear that he (Scarlett) said to Nichols, " you might as well let me have one" (meaning a glass of rum), that be got a glass of rum from Niohols, and paid bim 3d for it, that Edward Holt also got a glass of rum, that he (Scar- lett) had the rum in Niohols' presence, that Holt was standing close to him when be (Scarlett) paid Niohols 3d for the glass lbese statements in boarletl's evi- dence, given on the 27th nit., were the statements now alleged by complainant to be false Scarletts deposition was proved by the Clerk of Petty Sessions. Complain- ant was then pnb in bhe witness box, and during a lengthy examination and cross-examination he swore that de- fendant did not on bhe day named ask him for a glass of ram, nor get one from bim, neither did he give him any money for rum that day, further, that Holt had no rum from bim, witness was in the bar about ten minutes be- fore Holt entered , Holt did not go away before Scarlett, he left Holt and Scarlett in the room together, he had about half a pint of rum in the house, Holt asked him for some, and he said be had none for him, nor for any one else, his stepson, James Davis, was lying on a sofa behind the bar, and could see what passed.—Edward Holt deposed that be waa in Niohols' employ, on the day in qnostion he went into the bur room, seeing a Btranger (Soarletb) there , ho did not ask for any rum , he did not hear Soarlett ask for any mm, Niohols did not give him any in Scarlett's presence, nor did he give Scarlett any, witness did not see Soarlett give Niohols any money, he did not hear Nichols say be would not give him or any one else any, Scarlett did not go near the counter, witness did not pay much attention to what waB going on, Niohols, boarlett, and himself were the only persons in the room — James Davis deposed that he was lying on the sofa when Soarlett oame m , the sofa is behind the counter; he oonld bear all that passed, he did not hear anything said about rum , rum was not mentioned, bo did nob see any money paid by Scarlett to Nichols, he had not his eyes open all the time, he would not swear that the word mm was nob mentioned , he did not hear Holt ask for any, he asked for a drop out of tbo bottle, Nichols did not give him any. The bench dismissed the case Mr. Gould appeared for complainant, and Mr Thompson for defendant. MORPETH YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSO CIATION.—On Tuesday evening laut a meeting of this sooioty was held m the old Wesleyan Chapel-the Rev S Wilkinson presiding One or two of the members, at a previous meeting suggested bhatthe nights of meeting Bhould be changed from Tuesday to some other evening Messrs West, Phillips, and E Keating expressed them oelves agamsb such a proceeding , bhey thought it would injure the interests of the society Messrs. Ballard, Barlow, and MTadyen also expressed themselves against it. The rev chairman then offered a few remarks when it was resolved nob to oh ange the nights for meotmg Mr. B Keating was then olooted librarian to the society, after which Mr. West opened a warm an 1 interesting debate npon the snbjeot of education, in whioh Messrs Phillips, Ballard, and G Keating took parb All present appeared to be favorable to the bill now be-foro the house At about a quarter to ten, a portion of the evoning hymn was Bung, and tho benediction pronounced Ihe meeting then separated. Readings »nd recitations will ho given on Tuesday evening next Petitions Respecting! tbe Public Schools Bill - The petitions presented respecting the Publ o Schools Bill up to last night oontainel a total of 9550 signa!uros against, and 9269 in favour. Of the petitions against, one was from the Bishop and olorgy of the Church ot England in Sydney, one from the Bishop and ole-gy of Newcastle, and one from the Denominational teaohers Of Ihe petitions in snpport of the bill, three were from National and other teachers, one from Teaohers' Associa- tions, signed by the presidents, and one horn the head ofasohool- S ii Herald, Oct 11. Albion Cricket Club -Tho annual meeting of the memberB of the Albion Cricket Club was held at the Club Rooms Exohange Hotel, on Monday evening last, the president (Mr I. Gorriok, jun ) occupying tho ohur A report from the treasurer was submitted and approved of. It showed that the moama of the olnb sinos its formation had beon £25 10s. 6d , tbe expenditure, X11 15s , leaving a balanoe to oredit of £13 5s Cd Arrangements were completed for renting the Nicholson raca-oonrse from the Jockey Club for six months, from Ootober 1st at the rate of £25 per year lb was resolved that the olub should play a match with the Newcastle club on St, Andrew's Day (November 30) The ofiioeis eleoted for the ensuing year yvere -I Gorrick, |U , president, E P Capper jun., vioo- presidenb, John Rourke, treasurer, E. K. Wolstenholme, secretary, auditors, Messrs. Yorke and H Prentice, optants, Messrs. Jones, Rourke, and Riley. A committee of eight members was also eleoted Mr and Mrs. Case's B,ntertIinmrnt.-On Thurs- day evening, Mr. and Mrs. Case gave a drawing-room entertainment, in the Maitland cchaol of Arts in Ilia presence of a very small nudienoe, whom, however, the performers were successful in their efforts to please Maitland Band of Hope -The usual weekly meeting of this society was held, in the M utiand High Sohool, on Thursday evening The proceedings were of the usual charaoter-addresses, recitations, and melodies Iho society is fljunsbing greatly, the mombers being weekly on the inorease, and the m etings I eing very numerously attended Mr. Ross has been elected president. "How You can Sub Ghosts Day or NiaiiT"-A little book with four coloured spectres has been published *n Sydney under the above title and a copy of it forwarded tousby Mr tjipsoomb.agentfarthapubltshers Bylook ang steadily for littlemore than halt a minute al one ot the spectres in the book, and then transferring the gaze to a fixed spot on a wall or sheet, the spectre will appear thereon, very muoh enlarged, according to the distance of the spectator irom the surfaco Directions tor seeing the illusion are attached to the book. VESTIGES OF THE PAST.—Mr John Mitchell, of Dun- more, whilst on the road to New England reoontly, be- tween Murrurundi and Tamworth observed what ap- peared to be an animal's tusk, projecting from a bank, and dismounting, picked away at the rock until he had released a tusk, a jaw, and some teeth. These have been submitted to Mr. Krefft, of the Museum, and have been pronounced by him to be remains of the Diprotodon, or monster kangaroo, now extinot The Paris Exhibition.—We unlerstand that, in accordacoe with a request by the exhibition Com- missioners, Mr. Keene, the Examiner of Coal Fields, has undertiken to prepare another series of exhibits illus- trating the coal seams in work in this colony. The series already noticed will be exhibited at Melbourne, and presented to the colony of Victoria. It was originally intended for Paris, but the new one will be sent there instead. Each collectiion will be surmonnted by a super- scription of gold lettering on a blue ground, setting forth, along with other particulars, that the average weekly extract is 20,000 tons. This lettering has been extremely well executed by Mr. Filmer and Mr. Aland Watt of West Maltland, on calico, thickly coated with oolour. For the Paris exhibition it will extend over a space of seven yards, and be in the French language. Parliamentary Etiquette -At one time while Mr Cowper was addressing the House yesterday there Were present-Messrs Martin, Parkes, Wilson, Porster, Wiu deyer, Tighe, Rodd, De Salis, Cooper, Graham, IJuohanan Farnell, Gordon, Mate, tunks, Forlonge, White, 1 helps, Morrice, Dodds, Cunneen, Cummings, Donnelly, Mac- pherson, Pemell, Lee, Hannett, Dr. Lang, Messrs Eck- ford, Garrett, and Alexander. Mr Dodds was talking to Mr Macpherson, Mr. Lee was talking to Mr. Pemell, Mr. Martin was talking to Mr White, Mr. Phelps was conversing with Mr Forlonge, Mr De Salis was talking to Mr. Rodd, Mr. Forster, Mr. Wilson, and Mr Windeyer w re oonverBing together, Mr. Farnell was talking to Mr Gordon, Mr Graham was talking to Mr Bnohanan, Mt. Cunneen was reading a book, Mr. Garrobt, Mr. Kckford, and Mr. Alexander were conversing to- gether, Mr ligbe was searohing the statistical register, Mr. lunks was exhibiting a fbral specimen to Mr Mate, and the reporters had to dmtingmsh the voioe of the speaker, which readied the gnllory oooaBionally, Uko the theme of a muB oil composition with elaborate variations -S. M. Herald, Oct. 11. Miss Paliíkeston's Bodsebold Sketches.-Under this title, an entertainment was given in the Ohmpic Theatre, on Wednesday evening, by Mr. and Mrs. W. Alexander, The audience wa* not numerous, and this bad a depressing effeot on the performance. Tni Weatubb, Ac, At Murrdbondi.-Our corres- pondent ssys:-We hare had rain, followed by occasional showers. Crops are looking first-rate. Hay is already down to £5 per ton.- Oct 12. No Appearance.-There was no appearance of the parties when the following cases were called on at the West Maitland police court on Thursday. Wages case: J.Godfrey v. W.Nioholson. Affiliation: E.Hollinshead, v. Patrick O'Neill. Wilful damage to property: E. Patrick v. H. Edwards. Drunkenness.-At tho Fast Maitland polioe conrt, yesterday, Ann Simpson was convicted of drunkenness, and fined 20s. or 48 boura imprisonment. Breach: or Municipal Br-tAwi.-At the East Maitland polioe court, yesterday, a oliarge preferred by the Inspector of Nuisances, East Maitland, against Messrs. Borthwick and Mayo, for slaughtering a sheep on their premises, was postponed for a week. Cattle Sale -We have been requested to dircot attention to Messrs. Wolfe and Jones's sale of bullooks from Bengalla, at the Rutherford Malo Yards, on Monday next.- Communicattd. 