DAWSON STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. LATING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. On the afternoon of Tuesday, 23rd October, was performed tho ceremony cf laying tho foundation stone of the new Baptist Church, Dawson-street. Owing to the inclemency of the weather, the attend- ance was not large. The preliminary services in connection with the ceremony were conducted in the existing church, at the rear of the site for the new building. A number of clergymen of various deno- minations were present, and, after prayer, the Rev. Wm. Sutton, pastor of the congregation, read a copy of the document relating to the constitution of the church, which latter document, with other memo- randa, was enclosed within a bottle afterwards de- posited beneath the stone. The following is a copy of the document: In the year of our Lord 0ne thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, being the 20th year of the reign of her present Majesty Queen Victoria, and the first year of the governorship of his Excellency Sir H. T. Manners Sutton, K.C.B., Governor of the colony of Victoria On the twenty-third day of October, the foundation-'stone of tho Baptist Church, Dawson street, Ballarat in the colony of Victoria, was laid by the Rev. Isaac New pastor or the Baptist Church, Albert street, Melbourne Present pastor of the church-The Rev. Wm. Sutton Present deacons--Messrs Johnson, Claxton, William Wallis Thomas Carke, and George Denton Morgan Trustees of church property-Messrs John Ditchburn, William Wallis, Jhomas Clarke, William Corbould, and Jonas Johnson. Building committee (in conjunction with the pastor arm dcacons)-Messrs John Ditchburn, Calob Hum- pharis, James fllerson, William Cray, James Bolster. Jonas Johnson. William Corbould, William Thomas and George Parker. Architect-Joseph Attwood Doane. Contractor-James Buley, The church and congregation for which this edifice is erected originated in the year of our Lord 0ne thousand eight hundred and sixty, when, on the twenty-second day of March, nineteen Christian friends pledged them selves to God and to each other to unite their efforts for the maintenance of tho ordinances of Divine Worship, for mutual edification, and to promoto tho cause of God. On that occasion tho present pastor was olectod to tho pastoral ofl\co. Sinco that time one hundred and liino teen members have been added to tho church; thirty four have been removed to other churches by dismission, and from other causc3. Tho present number of mem bers is one hundred and four. A Sabbath-scliool was also openod in tho samo year as the church was formed. This institution has steadily progressed, tho present number of scholars being one hundrod and seventy-one, and of teachers eighteen. A temporary building had been erected, which was opened for Divine worship on Lord's-day, tho twelfth February, ono thousand eight hundred and sixty, by the Rev. Isaac New. This building being found inconveniontly small, it was resolved to erect a more commodious and sub- stantial ono. Plans and tenders having been called for and accepted, the building has been auspiciously com menced, tho contract for its orection being thrco thou sand five hundred and ninety-ono pounds (£3591). the land on which tho church is built is freehold, and was purchased for the sum ol four hundred pounds stor liug ( WOO). Tho church, believing in, and acting upon, tho principlo of pure Voluntaryism in supporting tho causa of Christ, iias declined to seok any aid from the Stato, either in tho form of grants of laud or of monoy. Tho people have offered willingly, and, with tho Divino blessing on their efforts, it is confidently hoped that at no very distant dato tho building will bo froo of debt. May that God for whoso honor this honse is built deign to fill it with His glory-over secure within its walls^ tlm proacbing of the Gospel of His Son in purity and simplicity, and accompanying tho proclamation of His Word witli the energy of tho Holy Ghost, render it effectual to tho salvation of multitudes of souls, so that from generation to genoration thero may be hero a poople to sorvo Uiin, ami to show forth Ilis praiso. The pastor then briefly addressed those present regarding the points in reference to baptism on which the Baptists differed from other Christian denominations, after which the audience left the church and proceeded to where the foundation stone of the new building was about to be laid. The ceremony was conducted in the presence of about one hundred persons by the Rev. Isaac New, of Melbourne, who, alter the deposit of the bottle in the service beneath the stone by Mr Johnson Clax ton, senior deacon of the church, declared the stone well and truly laid. The reverend gentleman then in a brief and impressive address congratulated the pastor of the church and the congregation upon their efforts in conneotion with the erection of the build- ing, and expressed a fervent hope that it would be long known as a place for Divine worship, as a place where God's name was honored and His glory re- vealed, where His authority was vindicated and where His righteousness and holiness were made known. The ceremony being then concluded, a col- lection was made in aid of the building fund, and the assemblage dispersed. As a detailed account of the size and construction of the building has clready appeared in our columns, it will be unnecessary again to refer to such particu- lars at uny length. We may, however, repeat that the building, which is 85 x 15 feet, will coat when completed about £4000; the amount of the present contract of Messrs Buley and Co., which does not include a portion of the internal fittings, being £3591. The building is to be of bluestone, with a portice in front supported on four fluted columns, after the Corinthian order of architecture. The floor will be situated about 3½ feet above the level of the street, and will have a fall of 3 feet towards the back. The seats-of cedar-will be disposed in amphitlieatrie fashion-a single row on each side, und a double row in the centre. These, it is antici- pated, will be sufficient to accommodate 6OO persons. Mr J. A. Doane is the architect, under whole super- intendence the work i3 to be carried out. THE SOIUEE. In the evening a tea meeting was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, when the hall was comfortably filled in all parts. This large attend ance was the more noticeable as the weather con tinued stormy, and, u3 was stated during the even ing, there were several other tea meetings held in and about the town on the tame evening. Tho tea was supplied by tho ladies oi the church and other friends of the congregation, and during the evening the proceedings were enlivened by singing, Mr A. T. Turner presiding at tho harmonium. After tea the chair was taken by tho Rev. W. Button, pastor of the church. The pro ceedings were opened with hinging and prayer, after which the chairman spoke, and in his opening nddroas remarked upon the very large attendance, seeing that tho weather waB so bad and that there were six or seven other tea meetings being held that evening iu and near the town. Tho latter cause, however, led to a comparative paucity of speakers. Those present in the meeting knew what had culled them together, and that it was a great work and a- good one which they were gathered to help forward, the accomplishment of which would be compassed easily if all were united in the object in view. Hitherto there had been much to encourage them, and the blessing of God would be with tliem if they were faithful. Not only the raising of money -necessary ua that was-but the spiritual benefit of all was to be desired, and that he trusted would be one of the results of their assembling that evening. The liev. Isaac New was then called ou to ad dress the meeting; but he said the chairman had not properly introduced him, as he had, owing to the paucity of speakers, to preach a sermon. Ilis text would bel22ud Psalm, v. 6-"Prayforthepeuee of Jerusalem, they shall prosper that lovo thee." Upon these words the reverend gentleman read a discourse, in which ho held that the church in heaven cuuld not be a physical church, and that the church on the earth was the whole body of believers in Christ. Dwelling upon the distinctive features of tho members of the church, their spirit and work, the speaker proceeded to say thjit the surest bul wark against the false doctrines now so prevalent iu aud out of the church, was a church alive to God. Spiritually the prosperity of the church was to be promoted by prayer and labor,. and materially by gifts according to each man's means," not grudgingly, but willingly; for God loveth a cheerful giver." Ol tliem that loved the church, inspiration said, " They shall prosper." This, among the Jews, would have been understood of material prosperity. Nor was that to be excluded from tho Christian's faith, perhaps; but a higher and richur thau material prosperity was meant by tho promise. Yet God would, in tho greater, include the less, and give to them that loved the church all sucli prosperity, spiritual aud material, as would be best for them. Alter the conclusion of the Bermon, addresses were delivered by the lievds. Duucan Frazer and G. Slade, besides occasional rcmurks by tho chairman. A collection was made during the evening in aid of the church building fund, und the proceedings closed with the customary solemnities. 