CAST AWAY. (Continued from last Saturday's Mercury.) I had now been about three weeks on the island, although in no way reconciled to the idea of always living there, the hope of ever getting away again daily became fainter and fainter, until at times, if I sat down for a short while and began to think over my situation, I was well-nigh driven to despair. ODO morning on going out of my houso I perceived an intolerable stench coming up from the beach I went down to seo what it was, and to my great disgust, found the dead body of a largo shark in the last «tage of decomposition, washed up by the tide After a time, however, it oocurred to me that, 531 had seen the Maories make their fish-hooks out of shark-bones, why should not I? I had ilready tried to make hooks out of the copper tails of my boat, but the metal was too soft, i.nd bent too readily. Now, however, I could try on the shark's bones, and moreover, it would be some occupation for the long, tedious evenings; for the evening was always the most wearisome part of my time. Many a dull even- ing I spent, my thoughts far, far away, roaming free and uncontrolled over spots where, in all likelihood, my feet would never tread again ; or Ï wearied myself with brooding over my con- dition, and wondering what my friends would think of my long-continued absence. In six evenings, with tho aid of my knife, and some stones, and my broken gins», I made two bone hooks, sufficiently sharp and strong to catch any fish I might find off the rocks. Another week was spent in twisting raav flax into fishing lines. Next morning, with several small eels half scorched for bait, I was up with the early dawn, and, after several failures, captured a large rock cod, which I speedily roasted at my fire. How much of it I ate I should be ashamed to.confcss. It was, however, the first satisfying meal I had on the island. I will here give a diary of my daily proceedings on the island. I generally woke early, and, after saying my prayers, betook myself to the spring of water and had a good fresh bath. My next task was to go to the rocks and either obtain a supply of oysters or fish for breakfast. I next went up into tho forest for a supply of firewood, looking woll about me for any discoveriôô that might provo useful. Here let mo gW© a hint to anyone who may be hereafter placed in a similar situation to my own with regard to any strange fruit or vegetable, a plain simple rule to tell whether they are edible or not. Every fruit or berry that bears the remains of the blossom on it-as the apple, pear, currants, and gooseberries -at the top of the fruit, is good to cat. This is an invariable rule ; and if you come across fruits or berries you have never seen before, you may, if you seo (he withered bloom at the top, eat with impunity. And every vegetable having a cruciform bloom, like the cabbage and turnip, is wholesome. I found growing among tho shrubs an orange-coloured pod, producing a very fragrant pepper; with this I flavoured ray fish. I also found salt in the crevices of the rocks, deposited there by evaporation. After collect- ing firewood I next gathered fresh fern for my bed. Then came the preparation for my mid- day meal, for which I generally now had fish, and either the wild palm or wild cabbage, which I found growing at tho foot of the rocks. I mado a change occasionally in my diet by the mode of cooking it : one day broiling it, and another day cooking it in a hole covered over with soil-the native kapura or houji-with hot stones. The afternoon I generally spent in a walk in the forest, into which, however, I dare not penetrate very far for fear of losing my road. In the evening I went down to the pond and caught a ' few eels, ready for bait the following morning. As soon as it was dark I retired into my hut, and, throwing a few sticks on the fire to make a light, eraployod myselfin making hooks or lines, or any other thing I could think of that I could mako. My last, employment was my prayers, after which, rolling myself up in my blanket, I tried to sleep. Thus in dull monotony the time passed slowly away. Eaeh day's dawn found mo with hope diminished, and in its placo a cold feeling of despair gradually settling over mo. Oft times I seemed to be moving about mechanically. I had been seven weeks aud two days on the island according to my reckoning which reckoning consisted in merely repeating to myself, occisioually each day, its name and the date of the mouth-when as I was com- ing from the forest with a load of fire- wood, I looked toward the sea, and was startled by the sight of a vessel passing at about eight milos' distance. At first I scarce knew what to do. I threw down the wood and rushed down the rocks to my hut for my blankets to hang up in a tree for a signal. I carried the blankets up the rocks and climbed half-way up a tree, when the thought occurred to mc I should be too late, and that the smoke of a fire would bo seen more plainly. I accor- dingly slid down the rooks again for some fire, lighted the pilo of wood I had thrown down, and then began to climb once more the tree to hang out my blankets. Alas ! I had made the lire of sticks, and it burned too brightly to emit much smoko. It was now too late to place some green branches on it. The vessel faded slowly out of sight, never having noticed my attempts to cig nal her. I know not what effects such an event would have had on others placed in my situ- ation, whether it would have awakened and en- couraged other men to hope or would haye driven them to despair. It had tho latter ten- dency on mc ; and for the first time since I landed ou the island I gave way to tears. I sat down, listless and despondent, and cried" long and bitterly. Al' that day I cried bitterly. At night I was frightened. I had caught, as usual, several small eels and placed thom on the roof of my hut, to be ready for my morning's fishing. lu the middle of the night I was roused by hearing a strange scratch- ing scrambling noise upon the roof. It was avith no small trepidation that I ventured out to sec what it was. The night was very dark, and the first thing I saw were two fiery balls of light glaring at me from the top of tho hut; next moment a black object flew at me. I stooped suddenly, and the animal went over mo with aloud hiss and disappeared in the darkness. It was a largo black cat. How it carne thero I know not. I had never seen it before and never saw it afterward, although I heard it onco or twice availing dismally in the forest. Of tho next two or three days I have a very confused recollection. I remember wandering about all day, seeking rest and finding none, care- less, heedless, hopeless. It was during this time, I doubt not, that I lost my reckon- ing; for somehow or other I found that I had lost three days. How long this_ state . might have continued 1 cannot tell, but it was most mercifully diverted in the following way. I had penetrated deeper into the forest one day than I had ever ventured before, when I oamo to a rather abrupt gully ; here I stumbled over a tree root and rolled down a descent. When I recovered myself I got on my feet and looked round; I had rolled into the midst of somo tall plants, with a broadish leaf, long, entire, and Bmooth, that felt sticky or glutinous when touched, and with a dusky-coloured flower. It ?was tobacco. A coarse bitter kind, but still it was tobacco. Eagerly I gathered all I could find, and then rrtr.iced my steps. As soon as I arrived at home I hung up my tobacco leaves on a long string of flax inside my hut. I then* set my wits to work to huent a pipe, in which I at last rudely succeeded. How greata comfort it waa and constant a companion no words of mine can adequately tell. Une thing that impressed my mind more than any other with the utter soli- tude of the island on which I was cast was the absence of animal life, and the silence which prevailed. I had seen during several weeks' residence little or no traces of life beyond the solitary instance of the wild cat, which had pro- bably been thrown overboard, or had swam ashore from some passing ship. The only other living things I had yet seen, except birds and insects, were lizards. Wild pigeons abounded. I made about twenty snares to catch some. For several days I did not succeed, and I had almost despaired, when one day, to my great delight, a couple were caught How eagerly I cooked them, and the enjoyment I had in eating them, I need not describa. I afterward took several more, securing altogether duiing the time I waa on the island, fourteen birds. I now went up on the rocks, where I had cleared a place to lie and bask in the sun, and whence I could overlook the sea, several times a day. Several weeks had elapsed since I saw the vessel. About this time I found in the forest, near my tobacco plot, some yellow clay, a quantity of which I carried home, and occupied my evenings in try- ing to convert into come vosssel to hold water. I made several ungainly-looking things, and spoiled all but two in trying to bulee them. The occupation, however, served to divert my atten- tion, and keep me from brooding too much over my misery. In the hope of finding honey, I had several bee-hunts. How bees carne on this place puzzled me j but there they were. I traced an immense swarm toa tree, which I had the cruelty to burn down, that being tho only expedient by which I could obtain the honey hived high up in the trunk. I was rewarded for this toil (which was threat, first and last) hy the largest stock of honey I had ever yet seen taken-even in New Zealand-from a tree, A part of the mass of honey was two or three seasons old, being of a deep yellow colour, and the wax brown ; the rest was of a pale straw colour, in snow-white virgin comba. Of the latter I ato eagerly, and then collecting the rest, deposited it in my clay vessels, leaving the oldest a prey to the lizards and ants. I found this boney a delicious addition to my fern-bread. I found afterward two more bee-trees, the contents of which I rifled and enjoyed. I had frequently noticed what I took to be the footsteps of some kind of animal on the pathway leading up the reeks into the forest. I had not, however, seen anything of any animal. I knew pigs and goats to be the only animals found in New Zealand in a wild state, and they aro not indigenous, hav- ing been introduced, I believe, by Captain Cook. One day as I was returning with a load of fire- wood I heard below, to my great surprise, somo animals bleating. Laying down my load quietly I looked on the ground below, and, to my great delight, saw a herd of wild goats licking the salt in the rocks How was I to come at them ? How eould I catch one of them ? I remembered that Robinson Crusoe became swift enough on foot to run thom down. I mucli doubted my capability of doing so. As, how- ever, no plan suggested itself to me other than that of stealing quietly upon them, and then making a sudden rush, I resolved forthwith to try that course. Slowly and stealthily I got within fifty yards of them unnoticed. One suddenly observed me, and gave a loud bloat of warning, and they all made a rush up the rocks, ' where no human foot could follow. Having got out of my reach they turned round and stared at me. What could I do? Nothing, but quietly return for my firewood, and try to devise some mode of catching them at some future time. Many were tho devices that passed through my mind, all equally futile. Lying in the hut some days later, I heard some animals running over the gravel in front of it. It was raid-day, and I was resting from the heat of the sun. I peeped out and saw six goats separated from their companions, and browsing on some karaka bushes near my spring. I crept out as stealthily as cat after mouse; the plashiog of the little stream over the rock drowned any little noiso I might have made, and fortunately tho wind blew from them to me. I found the distance between me and them gradually lessen, while the space between the poola of water and the steep, precipitous, overhanging rocks gradu- ally narrowed, leaving them less and los3 room to rush past me. At length they saw mo, and seemed so near that for a moment they stood per- fectly still, paralyzed. I rushed at them with a whoop. Five passed me; but the last a she goat, heavy with kid, got separated from her companions, and in her perplexity leaped upon a large stone in the water, and there stood, bleating piteously. I made one bound after her, throw my arms about her neck, and held her in a close embrace. Now, I thought, I have suc- ceeded in catching the very goat I would have chosen ; how shall I get her home ? My doubts as to this important question were very soon settled. The stone on which we both wcro was covered with a green slimy moss, and gradually I felt my feet slipping from under me. Tho goat made a sudden plunge for liberty, and down I came with her into the water. I was forced to loosen my hold. She beat mo at swimming, short as the distance was to land, and, with a loud bleat, she rushed up the rocks after her companions. I was consoled on the same even- ing by finding au enormous shell which had been washed up by the tide ; this, along with two or three smaller ones, I carried away, rejoicing in them as vessels to hold water. Many and many a time, however, I sat planning how to becure a goat-for even one goat as a companion would have been a great boon ; but it was all to no purpose-I never got one. One bright moon- light night I fellshortof wood. Iliad thatdayneg lected getting it, (why, I forget now,) so I had to turn out and go up into tho forest. The moon shone beautifully andtheeffects of light and shade among the huge trees and gigantic creepers wore so fantastic and weird-like that I could not help sitting down on a fallen tree, and half frightened, yet utterly entranced, gazing on the wonderful seene. As I sat a loud shrill whistlo sounded close behind. After a short time I re- covered sufficient self-possession to look cau- tiously around, and saw a dark object moving I waited until it came into the full light of the moon, when I saw what at first I took for a quadruped. But it was a bird-a bird with ne-jther wings or feathers, but a sort of fur. It occurred to mo that this must be the "Kiwi " I had heard much of from the natives, called by the whites the ajrteryx. Apart from its skin, which I wished to obtain, it was, as I knew, ex- ceedingly good eating. I looked round for a stiok or stone, and at length got hold of a stick without alarming tho bird. I started forward and made an unsuccessful blow at it. It ran very quickly j I managed, however, to overtake it, when the bird threw itself on its back and struck at me with its legs, ripped up my trousers with a sharp hind-claw, and tore the skin of my leg most griev- ously. I was so taken aback that the bird escaped. I had one satisfaction, however-I had ascertained the cause of the mysterious whist- ling, and thus set all fears on that score at rest. In a day or two I found in the bottom of a hollow tree some aptéryx eggs, which were a welcome addition to my larder. Now comos a i record of the saddest day in my life. Four long , weary months had passed. Three or four times i a day I regularly went up the rocks, trying to sight a sail. A long time had now elapsed since I saw tho last, and my hopes of ever seeing another became every day fainter and fainter. At length, one fine warm sunny day, as I was lying on tho rock, lookiug e\'ery now and thcD seaward, 1 descried a small speck far out to sea. At first I thought my eyes deceived mo; I rubbed them, and looked again, and saw it still more distinctly. I took a short walk in the forest, and, coming back, found the object grown larger and plainer. I could now discern, glis- tening in the light of the sun, the whito sails of a vessel. How my heart beat. Would she como near enough for me to signalize her? I gathered several green branches to make a smoke with, and made ready a fire. Nearer and nearer she came until at length I made her out to be a large schooner, bound to the south- ward, I supposed to Auckland. When she ar- rived (as near as I could guess) abour four miles from the island, I lighted my fire, and heaped on it a mass of green wood and damp moss, and watchod the smoko ascend in a largo dense cloud. I looked eagerly toward the schoo- ner. She caine nearer and nearer. My heart palpitated. I could distinctly hear and almost count its loud and anxious throbs. " They sec the smoke; they see it !" I cried in ecstasy, as she suddenly hauled up to the wind, and I heard her sails flap sharply against her masts. Tn my excitement I screamed until my throat was sore, witli the fond hope that the people on board would hear my cries. Do they reilly sec the smoke? Will they lower a boat for mo ? The few minutes of sus- pense during which she lay aback seemed hours. Hours ? Years. " I know they see the smoko ; I know it," I cried ; " how cruel not to hasten ! Why do they not lower a boat and pull off?" " They arc going," I shrieked in my agony, as I saw tho vessel's head slowly turn, and the sails again belly out. to the wind. " They arc going! Oh, my God, they arc going! And leaving me here ! Ilavo mercy, have mercy, and do not ut- terly foresakc mo !" I cast myself with my face to the ground, my eyes hot, dry, and tearless. I dare not look again. I felt as if I was going mad. At length 1 got up, and took one last de- spairing look at the receding ship, now again di- minished to a small speck. Silent and tearless- I sat for hours, looking down into the quiet, deep blue waters. Here and there corals of all strange hues and many forms branching out in different directions, with bright-coloured, strange-shaped fish, gliding in and out among tho grotesque stony foliage, and snow-white shells gloaming in the bright, clear water among the dark green weed, which swayed idly backward and forward with the plashings of the tide. All down there looked so serene and peaceful that the thought crept into my mind, " Would it not be better to roll off this rock, and seek that resting place ? It would be but one plunge, a very brief pang, and then to sleep and rest." As I sat brooding over those wicked thoughts the words, " Call upon me in the day of trouble ; i" will deliver thee, and thou shalt glorify me," came suddenly into my mind. I rushed down to my hut, fell on my knees, and prayed God to pity mc and give mo patience and submission. An awful night followed. The wind roso until a hurri- cane; the waves of tho sea rolled in with a. noise like thunder; a vivid blood-red aurora played incessantly in tho sky, aud threw a most unearthly glare on every surrounding object ; low, distant rumblings of thunder were now and then heard. I dared not go to bed, and I sat on a stone amidst all the horrors of that tempest, the avild soughing of the forest overhead, tho angry roar of the huge black waves at my foot, the dreadful appearance of the blood-covered sky-thero I sat amidst all these horrors, utterly alone, with nono to help soothe my fears, no one near to sympathize-in one wot d, alone ! Four more weary weeks passed without any incident worth noting. Methodically I fished and gathered firewood, roamed through the forest, and formed futile plans for catching goats. In this manner another month passed. I had now been about five months alone on the island. I had retired to bed one night as usual, -when I was startled by hearing something bump on the beach. I jumped up and listened. , It cannot bo my old boat lifted off the rocks by a high tide ? No, it could not be that ; for the boat had been almost all removed for one purpose or other. And yet I heard footsteps ; and then a loud, gruff voice saying, " Kumea ! Kun-ca !" I knew that voice well, but I almost thought! was dreaming. I rushed out, and saw by the light of the moon, which was then near tie full, live or six dusky figures trying to haul up i largo boat out of the reach of the breakers. ATith a loud shout of joy I ran forward, but stood amazed and appalled at the sudden yell which oscaped^ from the persons, who left off drigging the boat and tumbled precipitously into 1er, as if their only safety were there. Morover, I saw, to my horror, a large, bare, brawn/, arm held up, with something glittering in the moon's silver light, and I feared its lljing at me " Kowackoo "-(Who are you ?) iiouted a loud voice. " Ko Höhere aliau "-,(1 am Robert,) I exclaimed. " Stop," aii:-|orcrcd the voice, " or I throw this !" at the sine time brandishing the small tomahawk. T wet knew the fatal aim that would follow if I mojad. I stood perfectly still. The figure thcn|inovcd toward the boat. "Stop, Monganui !"[ cried, in an agony of fea.' lest they should go d' again and leave me. "I am Henry-do not lette me." " Ka teka koo"-(Von lio ! lie exejimed ; " kua mate llobeic"-(llobcit is dead ) " You I aie his spiut" "No, no," I uisncrd "I swear to you I am he Como and toch me, and seo whether I am not llcsh and )lood " " iVo," ho said, " I do not belicvp yoi You are a spirit, and I shall go" Ile madotonaul the boat Whit agony I suffered at tut mo ment ' But suddenly he turned and stod still, calling to me, " Ka kite koe tcia kowUu " (Do you seo that stono ?) pointing to oijat my feet "Ac ia"-(Yes) I answcied "lake it up then " I did so " Now, do you fe that tree ?" pointing to one, the very ti ce I id tied my boat to when I first landed, and whli grew out of the rocks. " I seo it." " Thiw the stone at it." I did so and hit it. " A !" he said ; no " ghost could do that-only ifeh and bono and blood could lift and throw a laie stone like that." "May I come, then, toyou?" "Yes," he said, still, however, hcsitang. I went up to him with the usual Maori duto of of " Tena koo." Ile caught hold ollie and grasped my hand so hard that I flinched"Ah!" he said, " that is real fiesh and blood ; pd you look something like Robert, only çnner." "Live hear five months, Mongnnui," leplied, " and try to keep stout on it." As sip as he had fully got it into his mind that I wf really the person I represented myself to be, ; began asking me innumerable questions. TI others had been listening all this time in the lat, and on his order carne out reluctantly. W, pulled the boat high up on the beach, the woen (for they were the chief's five wives) castirall the time side glances of doubt and mistruion rae. But I contrived once or twice to knoejagainst them rather roughly, as only flesh al blood and bones could do, and this seeuied toct their minds at rost Monganui, who was thchief of the tribo I had been living among, cap up to my hut, while his wives busied themselves in making a shelter for tho night with the oars of the boat and their sail and blankets. Monganui and I remaining at ray house after supper, we lighted our pipes. I proceeded to narrate my adventures of the last few months, in the course of which I -was frequently interrupted by his savage ejaculations of astonishment. When I had done he said, " Ah, well, you would make a good Maori;" that being the very highest compliment he could pay me. I then asked him why he had come. Ile told mo he had been fishing at the Black Rooks, and it had come on to blow, very fresh, as in my own case ; so fresh- ly did it blow at last that, despite his having a whaleboat and crew, they could not pull against it, and so ran before it to these islands. In the morning, as soon as it was light, we went on. Wo found the woman already up, a fire lighted, and some potatoes and fish beingcookedinan iron potorkohua. Thewomenatfirstlookedsomowhat askance at rae, but seeing me take a potato out of the pot and deliberately peel and eat it, they again seemed considerably relieved. Of course Monganui had made up his mind that I would leave the island with him as soon as the weather moderated, which it seemed about to do. He arranged for our leaving early the following morning. The morning opened clear and fine, with the wind in the right direction for sailing back again. We were all astir early and in a bustle of preparation. As soon as breakfast was over the things were all put on board the boat, and everything was ready for the start. Just thou my heart failed me, despite my long and lonely residence on the island. I could notovcr comc my fears of trusting myself in that small boat, deeply laden as she was, and leaking as I knew of old she did for so long a jour- ney. When it carne to the point I drew back, much to Monganui's astonishment. " I will stay," I said ; " should you land safely, please go to Kororarika and tell the white people I am here, and that I have been living here five months. Seek the magistrate there, and ask him to send a small vessel for me, and I will remain patiently hore until it arrives." " But, Robert," he answered, eagerly, " there is room in the boat for you. The sea is quiet, and I think I can find my way back again. Do come with us." Again and again he urged me, but to no purpose. They all got into the boat and prepared to start, when up jumped the chief again and ran to me, pressed his nose against mine, and, with tears in his eyes, said once more, " Now, Robert, now for the last time !" " No, Monganui, I feel I cannot." I rushed away to my hut, scarcely daring to trust myself any longer, and there gave way to a flood of tears. After the lapse of about half an hour I rushed up the rook and looked after the boat; there it was, a little white speck dancing up and down on the swelling waters, and as I watched it my heart changed once more, and I shouted and shrieked for them to come back. Alone, alone once more. Oh ! that dreadful word " alone." Perhaps I should never got away from this horrible place ; never, never more ! Fool ! Coward ! How I missed the sound of human voices! How I listened for human footsteps ! How horribly lonely I was ! I prayed to God that they might land safely, and send eff speedy rescue. I felt I could not wait long, but that a very short time would elapse before I be- came in very truth mad. I went up the rock and strained my aching eyes with gazing across tho blight blue waves. Night came at last, beautiful, still, cloudless, and moonlight, and Still I sat and gazed at the sea listening in unutterable sadness to its moanings. At length, cold, weary, and sad, I betook me to my bed Unrefreshed I woke in tho morniug, and as soon as breakfast was over took my lonely station once more on the rocks, and spent the weary weary day in gazing over the sea. I calculated that at least six days must elapse befoie any vessel could come, yet I could not leave my look- out. So passed the second day, and so the third, and so the fourth and fifth. The sixth day came and somewhat more hopefully I took my station, waited and prayed and watched, but the day- light faded and night carne, and still no sign. So passed the seventh day, and so dawned the eighth, and so passed the ninth, and so came the tenth. On-the tenth day I was scarcely con- scious. Still mechanically I sat and gazed over the bright water of the cruel mocking sea. At length toward mid-day, I faneied I discerned a small speck. But I had been deceived so often that I expected it to lade away like all the rest. But no, it did not fade I looked again, and yet again, and still it was there, and surely in- creasing in size. I rushed off for a few minutes into the forest, and when 1 returned there it was still ; and now t saw and knew it was a vessel coming toward the islaud ! Nearer, nearer, and nearer. It was a small schooner. Agaiu I ligli ted my uro, and watched the smoke cuil upward in thick dense clouds. A gun was fired. I could not hear the report. I could only see the small puff of white smoke fading »lowly away. What passed during the next tow houis 1 vciy dimly know I hn\e a faint idea that I shouted and danced and whooped and hughed and cued Iiushed again and jgain down the locks to the hut, and thou again to the rocks Once I fell and lolled down, tcating my clothes and skin, and utilising my hands and 1 uee», and fiu illy finding my=clf in the set, whence with no small diihculty I cmeiged Now a small boat laptdl} appioached the beach, pulled by two mon I lushed down to meet them They gtounded on the pebb'cs One figuic leaped out and luahed up to mc, tlnow nig his nins about my neck and íubbing Ins no«c a^aiust minc, ciying all tho time like a child I ttlt my hand giasped by the olhci, and I caw befoio me my two natno bojs I histcned to my hut, and, taking my bim kets and a few things Monga! ui had left with me, I got into the bott, and they quickly pulled mo alongside the schooner. From two English sailors in her I heard, my own native tongue the first time for nearly six months. How strangely it sounded in ray ears ! As soon as I had got on board they took mo below and gave mc some toa. I re- mained on deck all that night, scarcely able to realise ¡ill the events of the past f'ow months. And so I sat and watched and thanked God through all the watches of that most blessed night, too excited to sleep, too thankful to do anything but return Him my humble thanks for all His goodness. Next day in the early morning, wo neared the land. There were the ill-fated rocks ; there, once more, loomed up that dreadful Cape Brett ; a few hours, and we should enter the bay. Wo rounded tho point, and once more I saw the houses on the beach. Strangely they seemed to sway to and fro; strangely a mist carno before my eyes. Thero was the well-known pier, and on it a number of faces, dark and white, looking eagerly toward our small vessel as she swept up the bay. Once more I got into tho boat, and was rowed rapidly toward the pier. I reached the steps, and a loud and deafening cheer saluted my ears. I looked up ; I saw a face I well knew ; I heard a voice I dearly loved. I heard and saw no moro. As I tried to mount the last step of tho pier, I fell down on my face ; and, when I came to myself, I found myself in bed in my friend's house, and a doctor at my side-once more, thank God, at home ! 