FILTRATION FOR CATTLE TROUGHS. Something very much out of date presents itself in I the common practice of 'watering cattle. There may he exceptions to this rule ; but a visit to the old ponds or the modern watering troughs at this season proves that euch exceptions are few and far between, in most of our English counties. From the important part which -water plays in the animal economy, a dirty thick liquid, green, brown, and blue, from being literally in life bv swarms of iasects,* with a luxuriant crop of cryptogamous vegetation, )B, to speak in the mildest possible terms, the opposite of what it should be. That water is of more value than oilcake in the dietary of cattle cannot be doubted ; and yet how differently does it appear to be estimated, judging from practical data ! For, throughout the length and breadth of the land, the adulteration of the latter forms the universal complaint ; whereas the adulteration of the former is passed over as one of the shortcomings of a daily necessity. 'We have even heard it argued that the stinking pool was better for cattle than the clear 'crystal fountain. True, many of our clear crystal streams contain an amount of saline matter that reduces its value for cattle, often rendering it worse than the soft water in the ponds, although tbe latter may be literally swarm ing with insect life ; but the objection to the former falls to die ground as null and void in a practical light, forwater should be purified of its objectionable inorganic matter as well as of decomposing animal and vegetable matter, with the countless brood of insects invariably present in the warm weather of summer. Altogether, from beginning to end, the subject evi dently demands a thorough investigation. The common practicc of purifying -water for large towns is by filtration. The pracess is generally very imperfectly performed by water companies, while the allowing of the water to remain in large open public reservoirs and in uncovered house cisterns afterwards makes it often nearly as impure as in the outset. 'When the reservoirs and cisterns are covered it greatly retards the growth of animal and vegetable life ; but even when thus preserved from atmospheric influ ence the water is seldom fit for drinking until filtered a second time. The principles which experience has taught to be necessary relative to the health of towns in procuring a proper supply of pure water furnish the former with an instructive lesson as to how he should supply his cattle in order to preserve their health. Just now, when cholera is making its appearance here and there as if in search of an inviting field or predisposing ground, our civic authorities are alive to the dangerous character of impure drinking water, stagnant sewage matter, and such like choleraic-producing substances ; and although our agricultural societies have not vet begun corresponding chemical, microscopic, and other scientific investigations Telative to the cause of the growing mortality amongst cattle, and how much this is due to the drinking of impure water — water that would inevitably produce cholera in any of our large towns at the present time — yet the visitation of rinderpest is obviously turning attention in this direction. A.nd the reader will perceive that, judging from parallel case of towns, stagnant ponds, in which the urine and fa:ces of cattle, and the washings of grass lands, &c.;, are allowed to accumulate and putrefy, thereby polluting the atmosphere in the immediate neighbour hood of these ponds — this polluted atmosphere may be as instrumental in propagating disease, as it is taken into the circulation by inspiration. There iB no doubt a difference between the stomach of a man and that of an ox, and no doubt also the vast majority of the agricultural body may as yet conclude that the organs of cattle may have the power of de fecating ingeBted and inhaled matters of all impurities which the former has not. Though, however, this were granted, yet ever}* species of the animal creation has its weak points, the ox not excepted ; eo that when certain morbid substances are taken into its circula tion they may prove fatal, although they might prove harmless in the circulation of man, the horse, or pig Naturally the organs of smell and taste in cattle arc more sensitive than are those of man, owing per haps to the omnivorous and depraved habits of the latter. It will no doubt be said that our cattle, strictly speaking, are now in an artificial state, and not in a natural one, and that their habits by long use are about as omnivorous and depraved as are those of man. The objection thus raised, however, may not inaptly be Baid practically to refute itself ; for by training our cattle, or perhaps we should rather say by starving them into the necessity of eating many things which they would refuse in a natural state, and of drinking water of a still more abnormal character, we are undermining their normal health, thereby predisposing them to all the contagious maladies now so rife and ruinous in our Docks and herds. From these observations it follows that farmers ought to study closely the natural wants of tlieir cattlo — and one of these wants, moreespccially at this season of the year, is an ample supply of pure water. If water formB 83 per ccnt. of the whole constituent elements of the body, and there is also a large con sumption daily in alimentation and excretion, how essentially necessary is it that this large supply should be free from contamination of every kind injurious to health The grand mistake into which farmers are liable to fall in this case, is to overlook or under- eatimate its practical dimensions. In our climate water is such a common-place commodity, putting summer and winter together, that few ever think of setting a pecuniary value upon it for their cattle. If the supply ib plentiful and the quality good at all seasons of the year, the blessing is a natural one, and accepted accordingly. If the quality is bad, it is considered a natural misfortune to which the locality is subject — one that is often borne as if it cBnnot be helped. It is only when a deficiency in the supply is experienced that people grumble, and then the makeshifts to catch and store rain-water are of a moreinefficient character . Had farmers to pay their landlords for their water according to its intrinsic and dietetic value, it would doubtless be otherwise ; foT under such conditions they would not pay away sterling money for dirty water. But because farmi rs get their water for nothing, that is surely no valid reason why they should water their cattle out of any stinking pucldle. And thiB, too, is net the most unfavourable view of the subject that muBt be taken, for in our day the quality of the water in our ponds and rivers is much worse than it was in the olden time, owing to the more effective drainage of land and the extensive use of artificial manures, together with the increase of population in towns and refuse from manufactories, &c.j; and the impurities which find their way into the water from these sources. Alto gether, it iB not very easy to cumprehend the real magnitude of the whole question involved in supply ing cattle -with pure water; for at the present time tbe quality of the supply is annually getting from bad to worse over a large extent of the country. Those who have a regular supply of pure water frem natural springs, or from artificial wells and pumps, have little more to do than to keep out im purities, and attend to the daily washing out of the water troughs, and the supplying them with water. A sufficiency should be put into the trough to supply the daily wants of the cattle, with the additien of what may be required to washout the trough, after which it should be rinsed out with a pailful of newly drawn water, so as effectually to clean it of the seeds and germs of animal and vegetable life which may have been deposited during the day. Ignorant cow herds who throw in fresh water upon the stale actually cultivate the growth of these microscopic broods of little bodies and vegetables that give to the water its green or brown colour. In the warm weather of summer, the atmosphere is often literally thick with the germs of such life, and cattle when they drink, whether in the house or in the field, invariably leave less or more of the food they are eating or ruminating upon in the water, which attracts and feed such organisms, thereby nursing then^ into maturity. From the large quantities of artificial manures now used, the drainage of arable lands ought not to be collected in ponds or reservoirs for watering cattle, if a supply can otherwise be obtained. Much spring water which rises in arable land, and is removed in common underground drains, is also rendered unfit for the use of cattle, frem its being adulterated with the manure thus washed out of the land. In all cases, therefore, where such spring- water is intended to be used for cattle, it should be conveyed in close pipes cither to wells or directly to the watering troughs for use. 'Where spring-water does not exist, and where the dependence is exclusively upon rain-water, this should be collccted if possible from waste lands, or grass lands not recently manured, or from arable lnkds where the manure has been exhausted by crop ping, so as to have it as free as possible from foreign soluble matter, which cannot be removed by filtra tion. The seeds of small plants, spores of fungi, and eggs of insects, &c.;, washed from waste and grass lands into surface or subsoil drains, and by these conveyed into ponds, may be got rid of by filtration. Some times these latter impurities are removed by natural filtration, the water having passed through a porous sandy subsoil into the pond. The best ponds are those which are deep, and into which the water is thus filtered, for in the first place the water is com paratively pure, while in the second place a deep narrow pond presents a minimum area of contami nating surface to the atmosphere, and also a nidus of less attractive power to insects, from the water being of a low temperature. It is otherwise with broad shallow ponds at a higher temperature, into which the rain-water flows in open furrows, for animal and vegetable life both luxuriate in such examples. Open ponds, however deep, are nevertheless objec tionable even when the water is filtered into them. The experience of towns on this head is practically conclusive, and therefore our open ponds, surrounded as they generally arc -with growing wood of some kind, as if purposely to attract insects, must be con verted into deep covered wells, into which the rain water should be filtered by artificial means in the absen-e of natural filtration, and from which it may be pumped into the watering troughs as required. If the well is deep and the water of a low temperature, a second filtration may be unnecessary ; but when tbe contrary conditions are present, and the first filtration not well performed, a second filtration may be the more economical and profitable practice. Ab to water from rivers and their tributaries, nu merous examples of this kind are in the summer time literally a series of putrid pools, in which modem eels cannot'live. And even in the cold weather of winter the water is now so polluted by the sewage of towns and villages us to be, generally speaking, unwhole some for cattle. In the worst examples, filtration will not remove much of the poisonous soluble matter which the water contains, and even in the beat examples much noxious matter may remain in solution after the water has passed through the filter. Practically speaking, it may be difficult to bring some of those farmers and graziers whose cattle are now with comparatively no trouble or expense, watered at such objectionable watering places, to entertain the pro position of collecting water from other sources into deep wells for their cattle, either by surface drain age and filtration or by boring; but others will readily perceive that this may be the cheaper and more profitable plan, all things taken into calculation. Flowing water has a tendency to purify itself and were towns once compelled by stat ate to divert their sewage from rivers, much water would in a few years afterwards become available for cattle by the simple process of pumping and filtration into watering troughs. — North British Agriculturist. At the last session of the Central Criminal Court a very extraordinary blunder was made by the grand jury in returning a true bill against a person named John Creek, when in reality they had decided upon ignoring it, and the prisoner was subsequently tried for the offence and convicted, and sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. When the grand juiy became aware of what had taken place they memorialised the Home Secretary, informing him of the facts, and re questing that he would interfere in the matter. On the 19th a free pardon was received at Newgate for the prisoner. Loud Clabekdon.— The London correspondent of the Manchester Guardian writes : — ' Lord Clarendon, who has spent the autumn abroad, is stated to be in rapidly declining health. He is known to have Buffered for a considerable time from a painful form of cutaneous disease, alike weakening bodily strength and depressing the nervous temperament. In addition to this, it is now reported that he is, at intervals, afflicted with impaired vision, such as to render the laborious duties of political life peculiarly difficult and irksome. The noble earl is known to have been for many years an inveterate smoker ; and to this habit ' Ihe'foeB «f the pipe ' will, no doubt, ascribe his premature decay ; for he is only in his 67th year, which in this age of political veterans may be re garded as a period of comparative youth.' On the 20th, a woman named Kean was taken to the Town-hall, Sheffield, charged with stealing a frock, and was locked up in a cell. About 6 next morning a 'little stranger' made its appearance in that in auspicious place. Impboved Foot-lights. — The stage of the Prince of Wales Theatre Eft Liverpool has just been furnished with foot-lights of a new construction, calculated to secure the actors and actresses againBt accidents from fire. This deBirable end iB attained by enclosing jets of gas within a box. The face of the tube or tack of the box which is towards the stage slopes backward at an angle of about forty-five degrees; when the gas is lit there are two rows of jets, one higher than the other, the lower one being at angle to the stage, which will throw its light almost horizontally ; and the other at an angle which will throw its light verti cally, so that the performers can stand over it without any fear of accident. The top does not rise more than three inches above the rake of the stage, the sheets of glass in each compartment completely enclosing the flame on the face towards the Btago, and the tube at the back carrying off all the heated air from the flame. Within a few days a Todmorden tradesman named Samuel Howarth, has absconded after forging bills on a Todmorden firm to the amount of £600, as well as other bills on a Liverpool house to the amount of £2060, including the Todmorden bills. The receipts of the Atlantic Telegraph Company, continue very satisfactory, and average from £ 900 to a £1000 a day. Mns. Jeitehson Davis and the Romish Church ! I —The follow ing is an extract from a letter published ? in the Petersburg (Virginia) Express .—'The cominc 1 of the little child into the inner casemate, and climb- 1 irg into his father's armB, who had just leaned upoa ? the sofs, gave occasion to Mrs. Davis to make some K lcmuiks about her other children, particularly those ? in Canada. Bishop Green then remarked that he B would not have ventured to introduce the subject, but aB Mrs. Davis had done so herself, he felt bound to Eay, as a bishop of her own chosen Church, he did not think she acted entirely wisely in sending her chil dren to a convent to be taught. Mrs. Davis replied : ' I was in Georgia, and had no money. No institu tion of my ewn Church offered to teach my poor children. One day three Sisters of Charity came to see me, and brought me five gold dollnrs, all the money they had in the world. They almost forced me to take the money, but I did not. They then offered to tike my chil dren to their school in the neighbourhood of Savan nah, where the air was cool, and they could be com fortably cared for during the summer months. Then j came an offer from a convent school in Canada , whither, when I got permission from the Government! : which waB not without great trouble and difficulty, I took them. It iB true I do net wish them to be Roman Catholics, but then persons as good as they can possibly be and become arc and have been, and doubtless will continue to be, Roman Catholics. These good people were the first to offer me their helpj : I will never cease to be grateful to them for it.' : Mr. Davis then added : 'Bishop, there never was n, ore unanimity in any nation in the world than there j was in the Southern Confederacy. It would be invi- I dious to single out any class of our people for special I praise. The churches and ministry were all, or nearly all, entirely devoted to our cause ; but, as I Baid before, if it would not be regarded as invidious, I would say that the Catholics of the South were con spicuously devoted to our cause. I could relate to you cases of great suffering and trial to which they w ere subjected, and in no case did any of them ever flinch. Besides, Bishop, Pio Nono was the only Prince in the world that really wished well to our cause, and sent us his blessing. I cannot help liking the Catholics. The happiest hours of my life were once spent in a Catholic monastery. By the way, Bishop, I see our Church in the North is establishing sisterhoods in imitation of the Catholics. How do they work?' 'So well,' says the Bishop, 'that I intend intreducing them into my own diocese as soon, as possible. Indeed, there are many good things and good people among the Catholics, but I think, Mr. Davis, that our Church ib good enough for us.' ' A Ghost Captured. — The Western Morning Xem reports a strange case of superstition in the west of England. About three weeks ago there died the Rev. E. D. Rhodes, vicar of Bathampton, a village two miles from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Mr. Rhodes was a man of very remarkable powers ; his teaching was far above the average of country clergymen, and his parishioners were com monly supposed to be, so far as intellectual attain ments are concerned, much above the level of an ordinary rural parish. Nevertheless, since his death, the rum'our has become current that his ghost has been seen in Bathampton churchyard, and has been heard groaning and sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in positiveneBB of assertion, and the report obtaining general currency crowds ot persons came over from Bath to verify it. Their testimony was abundantly confirmed, and one old parishioner, entering more into detail than the rest, said that he had seen Mr. Rhodes with a crown of glory round his head and a trumpet; in hiB hand. The matter now btcame serious, and the aid of the police was asked. Constables accordingly were sent over. The ghost appeared, as usual, pale and ghastly, groaning and sighing. He was captured, and turned out to be a great white owl, which is henceforth condemned to humiliating imprisonment in a bam, with hard labour in the shape of micecatching. Railways is the Holy Land. — The directors of the Smyrna and Aden Railway have had surveys made for great extensions of their system. Smyrna will continue to be the chief station ; and a new line, if executed, will pasB to the north round the head of the gulf. It will then take an easterly course in the direction of Sardis and Philadelphia, but stops short of those once-renowned cities, upon the ruined portals of which, in common with those of the other ' seven churches in Asia,' 'Ichabod' may be written. The railway, on the other hand, strikes southward in the direction of Ephesus, which will be reached by a branch line. The projected main trunk takes an easterly course from Aden, to which it has already been opened. In its route it will touch at, or pass by, Antioch in Pisidia, Laodicea, Colosssc, and Hiera polis. Pergamos and Thyatira are to the north of the northern extension. The company is at present in an impecunious condition, and tne extensive works are postponed for an indefinite time. The revenue is expected to be derived from the carriage of cotton, wool, and other produce of the country, and from, passenger traffic. — Building News. Judicial Statistics, 1865. — Of the result of the 3018 cases tried at WeBtminBter at Nisi Prius and on the circuits the verdict was absolute for the plaintiff in 1742, or more than half, and in 343 it only was for the defendant. Other verdicts were subject to a special case, or to a reference, or the jury were dis charged, &c.;, and the total amount received by these verdicts for the plaintiff was £535,5-56. Rules nisi for s new trial were granted in 212 cases, and refused in 95 ; 88 rules were made absolute by the court sitting in banco , and 97 were discharged ; in i the court was divided. The business done in the chambers ofthe Judges is shown by the returns furnished by the chamber clerks, and exhibits a very large increase on every item. More than 11.000 more summonses were issued in 186a than in 1864, and the returns show a proportionate increase on all chamber business. — Solicitors' Journal. The Paris correspondent of the Morning Star says that a most peculiar decree has been issued by the municipal council of the department of Corrcge. That august assembly met last week in high council, and decided that the practice, so prevalent of late years, for the young women of Normandy and of_ Brittany to sell their hair in the market-places of their respec tive villages, waB highly immoral, and therefore passed a statute forbidding the practice. Fobeign Governments is Seauch of Loans. — There are in Paris several agents of foreign Govern ments sent to contract for open and temporary snd unpublished loans. The Semaine Financiere of Satur day informs us that four or five Governments thus sewing money arc offering 12 to 15 per cent, fer loans of a short date. Italy, Turkey, Portugal, Greece, the Danubian Principalities, Saxony, and the_ Govern ments of one or two other countries, are in want of funds immediately. The Paris correspondent of the Post says negotiations are proceeding between the foreign envoys and certain financial companies' bank ing houses, which propose to club together. If they can get the security of State revenues, and obtain 12 or 15 per cent,, they may think proper _ to borrow on their own securities at half that pnee in Paris. The loans sought are temporary, and the hanking houses must find the money. Lefteri, the famous brigand, has, it appears, made his fortune, and accordingly now desires to make his peace with the Porte. He has proposed to quit the country if he will be allowed to do so with his ' pro perty, taking refuge in Hellas, where he proposes to enjoy the frmts of his industry as a good subject of KingGeorge. 'The Suez Canal Company,' the Nord states, ' will have an important place in the approaching Exhibition. A number of models, executed with mathematical accuracy, have been made of all the principal apparatus employed in the construction of the great works undertaken by the company.^ Most of the ingenious machines invented for digging the canal, carn'ing away the earth, and dredging will be exhibited. The Nobles' Gazette of Moscow contains this curious phrase : — ' Until now, thanks to the visible protec tion of Providence, the cholera had only attacked, the lower classes ; but al present the terrible scourge attacks tbe middle classes, and even the nobility. The wbolo merchant fleet of Prussia before the war consisted of 1665 ships of all dimensions, the greater number of small tonnage, employed in the coasting trade. At the present moment, no less than 10,202. vessels sail under the PruBBian flag or Prussian pro tection. The Fatrie gives a few additional details respecting the Chassepot musket. It weighs only three kilo grammes (6 lbs.), and it can discharge as many as 59 bullets in four nilnuteB ; but on an average a man in tlie ranks can only fire ten Bhots a minute. Private advicea from Buenos Ayres, dated Septem ber 14, state that the protracted hostilities between tbe allies and Paraguay appear to have little effect on the agriculture and oommerce of the Argentine Re public. The land, homed cattle, and sheep we rapidly increasing in value. _ . . Some of the Italian journals state that, in anticipa tion of a jnarriago between tho eldest son of Victor Emmanuel and the daughter of tbo Archduke Alberc of Austria, the city of Turin has ordered from Valen ciennes a rich bedcover, in the finest lace, to be pre sented to the bride. . In St. Petersburg tipsy people are lodged for- the- night at the police stations, and in tfie morning, obliged to do penance as scavengers. I 