EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. I Cahdiwal Ak.tonkj.i.i on Fatal ArPAiiuj. — The text of Cardinal Antonelli'u circular to the Pontifical nuncioe abroad, on the subjcct of the September Con vention, is publiBhed. It is of great length, occupying about three columns of close type in the morning papers. The Cardinal Sccrefary'e reasoning iB directed to skew how real, and grave are the dangers to which the Pipe's temporal dominion will be exposed when the French leave Itomc, and to vindicate, by antici pation, the Holy Father from responsibility for any consequences which way ensue. ' We very well understand,' says Cardinal Antonelli, ?' the arts ?which will be ueed to cast upon the Pontifical Govern ment itself the imputation of the consequences, even more terrible than 6ome imagine, which may arise. It ?will be said that the. Holy Father ought to con descend to friendly coippiotniseB with the M-cauea Italian Government. But wliatother compromise is pos eible with one who intends to despoil us than that of yielding up to him our all? And the vanity of such a hope was fully proved by,a very recent occurrence, upon which many were eager to base an imaginary future. The Holy Father himself, by an act of renerositv truly worthy of the character of the Pontiff, sought to bring about, some purely religious act of accord, in order to , relieve the burdened Catholic Church. The success which attended the Pontifical invitation is well known — every way to a reasonable arrangement was found to be closed. Nor is this to be wondered at, considering the counsels pre valent with that Government ; far is it to be expected that those who, in Turin, had .revolution for a guide, will, in Florence, lower their 'banner r It is of special importance to the reyalutionary party to destroy the social life of Catholicism, nor will they rest ?until they witness the overthrow of that temporal dominion which forms a bulwark and barrier against revolution. Another artifice will be used towards the Holy See, in order to throw upon the latter the blame of all that may occur, end has already commenced, to be foreshadowed in the public Press. One measure .after another of reform will successively be demanded on.behalf of the inhabitants of the now microscopically small territory remaining to the Holy See, and by this .means, the temporal authority of the Supreme Pontiff will be reduced to a mere name, and Rome will become, if not the seat, at least the property of the Piedmontese Government. And because the Pontiff will have to firmly reject such propositions of reform— especi- ally considering the Object towards which they tend— cries will be raised of obstinacy, and eliort ?ightedncsB, and such refusals will be said to have produced any misfortunes that may enBue. These arte are net new, and have already been used with some success on former occasions. They promise a favourable result in one or two ways. Either the Supreme Pontiff it is argued, will yield to the pressure brought to bear in tbe matter, and will then lose the rest of his States, if not ostensibly, at least in reality ; or else he will resist, and thereby afford a pretext for despoiling him by another way, namely, by simply casting upon him the responsibility of all subsequent events.' The present moment is declared to be a very critical one with regard to the security and independence of the Holy See, even more so than 1848. At that time the sovereignty of the Supreme Pontiff was attacked by a faction not numerous in Italy, and dis countenanced by every leading Government, but now there are persons eTen among the ruling Powers who unite with the agitating factipns, and strive by every means to achieve the same end. ' Can it be sup posed,' asks the Cardinal, 'that these machinations will not succeed, or that the Pontiff is now possessed of more valid means of opposing them than before ? ' The Sovereign Pontiff (we arc told in conclusion) will meet the dangers which threaten him with that tran quillity which arises from the consciousness of not having provoked them ; but if, 'tSespite every possible effort on his part, he is not successful in obviating the deplorable consequences which may ensue, it is per fectly clear that he is the last person in the world to whom blame can attach. The First Fenian. — Finn, better known in Ireland as Finn M'Comhail, flourished in Ireland during the third century of the Christian era. It is the general opinion among th^ common people that Finn was a . giant, some say sixty feet in height. Warriors like Finn, who pass away in the twilight of history, leave long shadows behind them. We find it difficult to believe that great heroes were little men. This Finn is the Fingal of Macpherson, who has made a Scotch man of him. The poet Thomas Moore, in his ' His tory of Ireland,' says, ' It has been the fate of this popular Irish hero, after a long course of traditional renown in this country, where his name still lives, not only in legends and songs, but in the yet more indelible record of scenery connected with his memory, to have been all at once transferred by adoption ( kidnapping we should say ) to another country (£cotlana), to start under a new but false shape in a 1'rceh career of fame.' When ''Tommy Moore' penned these words, he little thought that the great hero and supporter of the royal house of Cormac was to start, or to be started a third time, as the leader or representa tive of a set of Red Republicans, of adventurers and shop-boys. It is enough to make the ghost of this Irish hero 'burst the bars of Hades, and denounce these beggarly rebels, whom he would not have em ployed as ' daltins,' or horseboys, to his cavalry. ' This celebrated warrior,' says Dr. O'Donovan, in his notes on the ' Annals of Ireland,' ' had two grand residences in Leineter ; one in Almhuin, in the county of Kildare, and the other in Meghelle now Mayolly, in the King's county. He was the son-in-law of King Cormac, and General of his standing army, which, as Finkerton remarks, seems to have been in imitation of the Roman legions.' — Shilling Magazine. ! A Fiiekch Skating Club. — The Sport publishes come details of the newly-established Cercle dee Pali ncurs, or Skaters' Club, for Paris, Its founders have obtained the concession, for nineteen years, of a basin about 280 yaTds long and 50 yards wide, situated between the Garden of Acclimatisation and the Port de Madrid, to be surrounded by an iron railing. A chalet will be erected for the accommodation of the members, and will contain a refreshment-room and a pavilion for the Emperor. The bed of the basin will be laid with concrete. The small lake of the Plaine des Sports is also reserved' for the club, and in case of insufficiency other pieces of water will be designed by the municipal authorities. During the frosty season the enclosed basin will be lit by the electric liglit, and grand night fetes be given. The club also intends to organieeother out-doorsports, such as pigeon shooting, cricket, croquet, bowls, &c.;, during the fine weather. The members of the club are limited to 100. Jeffreys as a Counsel. — Sometimes he met a wit ness who was his match, and the laugh was turned against him. Thus, one day, in cross-examining a countrymen in a leathern doublet ho bawled out, 'Youi'ellow in the leathern doublet, what have you forswearing?' ' Truly, sir,' answered the witness, ' if you have no more for lying than I have tor swear ing, you might wear a leathern doublet aB well as I.' On another occasion, when he was Recorder of London, being displeased with the evidence of a wit ness with a long beard, he observed that, ' If his con science were as large as his beard, lie would swear anything.' 'My lord,' replied the man, ' if your, lordship measures conscience by beards, your lord ship has none at all.' — British Quarterly Review. A Word on Vienna. — There is no denying that 'Vienna, with its cathedral tower, its lovely women, its parade of luxury, its unequalled situation — amongst the countless mazes of the Danube, on the waving bOBom of that smiling plain that slopes up on all sides to the enclosing hills— crowded, too, as it is, ?with memories of the greatest composers — there is no denying that Vienna must be a genial soil for the imagination of a musician. Ana often, as I have looked at it from the mountains, it has come into my mind how many a time Beethoven must have restlessly turned his eyes to that distant Alpine range ; how often must Mozart with dreamy gaze have followed the course of the Danube, as it flows through grove and forest; and how father Haydn may frequently have scanned ths cathedral tower, shaking his head the while at its giddy height. -Bring together in one picture the Danube, the tower, and the distant Alps ; breathe over all a faint odour of catholic incense, and you will have Vienna before you; and in presence of that charming landscape will feel chords Stirling in your breast which would otherwise never hare been struck. — The Shilling Magazine. Antagonistic Races. — The Jew would not bend in spirit. In dress, in custom, and in character, the native and the stranger were as rivals and offenders to cach other ; forbidden by law, and by habit which is stronger than law, to eat of the same 'dish, to drink of the came cup, to lie on the same bed, to walk with the same staff. A jar, a knife, a sack which a stranger touclicd with his fingers became in the eyes of a Jew unclean. This dark and unsocial spirit had no exis tence among the blithe and radiant Greeks ; it was a Jewish feeling, based on what the Separatist imagined . to be his Sacred Law. But in order that two men shall not come together, it is only required that one shall ily from tfie other. A dozen genera tions of Greeks and Jews had lived in the same wadies of Galilee, and the people had grown no nf-arer in love and fellowship than they were in the day when one side was red with trriumph and the other crushed by defeat. No r wae a change in their rUiiiitiit likely to come about aB long as tlic-cmpire of Jewish law should last. How could it .come to pass in a nation of Separatists? A Jew -could not. tict'p in a Greek city ; & Syrian was not oufi&ed; to enter a'Hebrew door. Creaking, then, in a J-roa6 way of this mixed population of Galilee, it may be Mid that the Greeks lived Jn walled cities, theuewe in open towns, the Syrians in huts and shedf, the Arabs in nomadic tents. — The Holy Land «? tiF. . Bcpuorth Dixon. A Good Exccbe. — In * .certain parish «n thci; Borders, not long since, an -ald clergyman, who .had;, got a etrong-lunged helpec, observed that one .of his! ncarece was becoming rather irregular in his attend- 1 anoeat-church. Of course the clergyman felt it his! duty to 'visit tbe backslider, and he accordingly went, to the house, but the eudentan was not in. llcj inquired of the wife why John was so seldom at; church now. 'Oh!' she replied, without the least; hesitation, ' that young man ye'-vc got roars sae loud' that John canna sleep sae comfortable as he did when 1 preaching -yersel' sa peaceably.**'— Kelso Mail. ? Eoyptian Wbddino. — Lady (Duff- Gordon, in & \ letter from iF^ypt, in Macmillau'tiJUagatint, has this | picturesque -bit of description: 'J went a few days ;| ago to the wadding of the handsome Sheikh Hassan, : the Abab'deh, who married the butcher's pretty little daughter. IUhe group of women aod^girls, lighted up by the lantern which little Ahmad carried for me, was the most striking thing I have seen. The bride, a lovely girl of ten or eleven, all in seazlet ; a tall, dark slave of Hassan', b, blazing with gold wad silver neck laces and bracelets, with long twisted docks of coal black hair, and glittering eyes and teeth; the won derful wrinkled old women, and the pretty, wonder ing, yet fearless .children, composed a picture beyond description. The mother brought the bride up to me, and unveiled her, and asked me to let her kiss my i hand, and look at her. I Baid all the usual J5SisiniUah, ! Mashallahs,' and after « time went to the men, who were eating — all hut Slasean, who sat apart. He begged me to sit by him , and whispered anxious in quiries about his ' AroosehV looks. After a time he went to visit her, and returned in half-an-hou^, very shy, and covering his face with his hand, and kissed the hands of the chief guests. Then we all departed, and the girl was taken to look at the Nile, and then to her husband's house.' Lockjaw. — This is one of the most capricious affec tions, and perhaps one of the jmost uncertain in its results, in the long catalogue .of .diseases which afflict mankind. There ia scarcely a .drag in the Pharma- | copuia that has not been tried for it; and few of those i that have but may be quoted as efficacious in some particular cases, and utterly useless in most others. Opium, nevertheless, is of all others that which has been found to answer best in the majority of cases ; and this week's Abeille Medicate contains the descrip tion of a case in which opium combined with chloro form effected a cure. At 'Poitiers, a short time ago, a young man of a strong constitution had accidentally inflicted a wound on his left hand by means of a pistol loaded only with powder and wadding, and which suddenly went off in some unaccountable way. He was admitted into the hospital, where the wound was sewed up and subjected to continued irrigation, which brought on cicatrisation in the course of six days. At the end of that period, however, he was seized with trismus, there haying previously been remarked a little Btiffoess in the jioeterior cervical muscles. He was im mediately ordered to bed, and syrup of belladonna was administered by spoonfuls every two hours. Three days later there was no increase of trismus, but the patient eopiplained of great stiffness in the dorsal and abdominal piuscles. Chloroform was adminis tered twice during the day, so as to produce complete ana-sthesia. On the following day, a great improve ment was remarked ; the patient could open hie mouth more freely. Chloroform was now adminis tered three times, each trance producing abundant, perspiration ; notwithstanding which the abdominal and dorsal muscles still continued very stiff, and there was euch a constriction of the fauces that the patient had great difficulty in swallowing a few spoonfuls of soup, Tbe some system was continued for 'three days, the administration of chloroform causing the pulse to fall from eighty or seventy to forty-five, and even forty. A pill containing a centigramme of opium was now administered every two hours with out discontinuing chlorofoom twice or three times a-day. The symptoms gradually disappeared, but it was not until the tliirty-second day that the patient could quit the hospital in a state of perfect health. — (lalignani. Lotteries. — If proverbial maxims are always true marriage iB obviously a lottery ; but it may be said with equal truth that the reason why so many young women care to take shares in it 16 that unmarried do mestic life is still more of a lottery. In England the latter life is often very pleasant ; but even in England it may be nothing more or less than a prolonged and intolerable torture. A man can escape to his amuse ments or his business from the ill-temper or nervous irritability or vulgarity of those about him ; but a woman before her marriage, if her friends are dis tasteful to her, has not the fortunate resource of flight. She is bound to sit by at her crochet or knitting needle, and listen to everything and endure every thing ; and is agitated meanwhile by the scruple that it is perhaps sinful to let herself feel how hateful, stupid, or ill-tempered relatives may be. When the heme of an English girl is not a cheerful one, the ordeal usually falls on her at an age when she is ieast disposed to bear it. Romance is the moral intoxication of the young, and a life of jars and wrangles appears fifty times more repulsive to those who are looking for ward to, and believing in, the possibility of an Arcadia somewhere upon earth. When the one bright being, with whom an English girl dances as often as she can, is never cross, it seemB hard that other people should be cross at breakfast the first thing in the morning, and cross again at lunch, and cross again during the aftemoen drive. Nothing in the world is harder than to keep one's sympathies and affections alive when they arc always being played upon on every trivial occasion ; and a domestic atmosphere of storms not merely destroys the harmony and peace of the house hold, but ends by taking the marrow and life out of all the home sentiments of young people. Passion it self survives a daily wear and tear longer underthese circumstances than mere friendship and affection. Even in homes of average happiness, an English gentleman would feel less vainglorious at the success of his. wooing if he knew from what he was about to set his future wife free. The old saying, that parents are wiser than their children, is «hiefly true so far as wisdom means knowledge of the world. But ?whether parents are or are not wiser than their grown-up children, it is tolerably clear that they are not always nobler or better. And though it may be a searching discipline for a gushing young creature of twenty or twenty-one to submit to, the incessant rule of those who are her inferiors in self-control, or. in generosity and unselfish ness, it is not a discipline tliat daily becomes more attractive. It is no credit to the agent that up to a certain point it is wholesome for the patient. A great deal of the unselfishness and consideration and tact of women is the result of long days spent in humouring the moods, and noting the caprices, and studying the tastes of those with whom they have been thrown in to contact during their girlhood and their youth. Little things at such a time make or mar the pre carious sunshine of each day, and at a very early part ! of their life women thus begin to learn to be delicate tacticians and diplomatists of no mean skill. Hence j comes, perhaps, their keen power of observing and remembering trifles, not to mention their habit of judging ef character from small outward peculiarities, j They bring themselves up to sit and watch and J speculate ; and from the manners and customs of the tame animals that come across their path, they build up their ideas as to the character and habits of the wild animals outside in the world. But the healthy effect of this discipline on the sufferer is im paired by the fact that the discipline is not administered on any regular or rationed system. One can forgive, or even respect, stem disciplinarians who make one ' unhappy upon principle. But it is not so easy to feel thankful for the annoyance inflicted in some foolish outbreak of caprice, or because somebody's temper is affected by a bad cold, or because some one has been kept waiting by some one else in a shop. The young woman who is the victim of it all is not taken in by the specious pretence that this nagging and worrving iB for her good, and that the irritable temper of her relations is designed by Providence to teach her to put up with irritable people. She is bound to put up with them for the present, but she is not bound to like them the better for what she under goes at their hands ; and when the hour of orange wreaths arrives, not the least of the pleasures of the occasion consists in the fact that she is making her escape. Fortunately for English girls, domestic life ] means often much more than this. It is not, how ever, the lesB true that domestic life for those of them I who are most sensitive implies a good many little irritatioiiE, and involves no small patience and en- - durance. — Saturday Review. \ Testing a Liar, — Mr. Isaac Butt, the Irish barrister, is also a literary man. In fugitive articles | supplied to magazines, he has often sketched the salient points of Irish counsellors. He has just fur- 1 nished a characteristic trait of his own, which is worth I literaiy annotation. The other day, in the great will | case, Fitzgerald v. Fitzgerald, now being tried in the | Dublin Court off robatc, Mr. Butt cross-examined Dr. David Gpurtnay, , a most respectable practitioner, ? eo hurriedly that . Judge. Keating interfered,1 as jaiicK . rapidity deprived the witness of Clearness of recollec tion. Alri Butt replied that his method had. that very end in view- namely, of depriving the witness of recol lection, '(There is no other, way,' he said, ' of testing, a liari' Judge Keating gravely remarked that such language did not become a gentleman in Mr. Butt's, position at the bar ; but that gentleman retorted, ' X ,thipk it language ! ought to use,' and added, ' I.say ^gain there is no other way of testing a liar excepti by. cross-examination, '--^iot, he further .Baid, tbathCj meant 'to. apply that.Aahguagc to the gentleman ' he»wcs . croBi-examining. They who think that the. Irish barrister of the: Insh. novelists of a, bygone time has died, out, will fin4,by .this little incident that he ig.as lively as of ol &.—jtthenmim. An Ecstatic KiroayxB. — Tbe Eaxl of. Dudley . with his beet man,' . the - Hon. Chpdes Lyttelton, reached the churph at . about half-past eloren o'clock, aud coon after ihe, arrival of the fair lady was announced, pnd Bhc entered the edifice leaning on the Binv^f Sir Thomas, Monpxipffe; her father,' and fol lowed . by . a bevy of; toidcBmoids, twelve, in number. As she approached th^ Altar she was, of jcaprac, the obfereea of all . observers.' .Her youthful, beauty ?was rajber illustrated , by the elegance of her attire. Richly adorned , with jewels, the gifts of the noble earl, 'fheJooked exceedingly exquisite, and tibete was but -?ne.cg)inion as to her jbeauty. In stature^ghe ia tall. snd. stately, apd her failures, are of that .classic mould which artists love to «&dy.; There was a little pensiveness—rperhsps the e&pct; ot slight trepidation visible jnjher face at Cist, and,her checks were tinged with .a maidenly, blush, whilst &er; eyes were downcast, as if she ikaew that Ehe was the centre of attraction — aa .object to be scanned by^wuoe hundreds of both sexes ; but ehe.nerved hereelf for^the task, and grace- ; fully ^awaited the. moment when the ceremony was to { commence. The. lovely lady, was attired in a dress of? white«atin,.cov-iscd with lace of the most costly kind, ' veil, and .wreath . of-qrange bloBBomE, and her jewellery, pearls and £oJd .only, was of immense value. Her beauty seemed to bebeyond the power .of art to depict, and it cansqd the most exquisite .delight to pass through the heart of .every one who gated upon her. The noble earl seomed to be passionately fond of his bride, and somewhat impatient for the service to be begun and ended. Haling taken their |places before the aitar, the bridegroom.qn the right, and the bride on the left, with the bridesmaids, who were little less lovely than their mistress — they, too, being gichly be decked with jewellery and dressed in white tarlatan, with cerise-satin sashes, trimmings to match, and wreaths of red roses and heather, the ceremony com menced, and the most devout attention was paid by the congregation, who watched the affixing of the riiig with especial interest, and listened intently to catch the responses of the happy pair, which were sufficiently audible to their friends .—Birmingham. Gazette. Mir.x of Diseased Cows : Ikfortakt Case. — At Forfar, about the latter end of January, Sheriff Robert son gave judgment in a case of great interest both to faimers arid farm servants. The action arose out of a refusal on the part of the men engaged on a farm in the neighbourhood of Brechin to take their usual supply of milk after the disease had appeared among the stock, on the ground that milk from diseased cows might be unwholesome. The servants wished compensation, but to this the farmer would not agree, and refused to give them work unless they took the milk offered them. One of the men thereupon brought an action for his half-year's wageB, and the value of his meal and milk from the date of the appearance of the plague amongst his master's cows, and Sheriff RobertBon gave decree, with expenses, for the full amount claimed by the pursuer. The sheriff, in his note, says : ' This caBe will not be without useful bearing if it tends to impress on both masters and servants at the present term of Martinmas the great im portance of a clear and distinct understanding about the quality and quantity of milk to be supplied in future.' At Letham hiring market, on Thursday, the suggestion of the Sheriff was acted on in anticipation, farmers agreeing to give an equivalent in money should their cows unfortunately fall victims to the plague. — Forfarshire Herald. A new Mode or Growing Bclbous Flowers. — Instead of waiting till the bedders arc removed, the whole of the bulbs intended to be used out of doors, and in pots, Ehould bcobtainedandstartedintogrewth at once— say, for the sake of precision, in the first or second week of September. By early purchases the bulbs are obtained in a dormant state, and those who come first are beet served. TThe ground they are to occupy need not be disturbed. Make up a bed in the reserve ground, or, better still, in a cold pit with a north aBpect. The bed should be on a hard bottom, well-drained, and should consist of leaf-mould, rotten dung, and sharp sand in equal proportions. Sand may, indeed, be used almost ad libitum. The Dutch grounds are very sandy, very moist, and are regularly enriched with decomposed manures. If the bulfeB are to be finally planted in clumps, arrange them in clumps in the preparatory bed, tally them that no mistake may happen, plant them on three inches of the mixture, and cover with three or lour inches more. Give one good watering, and leave them to their fate. Early tulips, hyacinths, crocuses, snowdrops, may all be treated in the same way. Ab Boon as the ground on which they have bloomed can be got clear, trench it over, and dress it with a liberal allowance of sharp sand and rotten dung. Lift the bulbB in clumps from the preparatory bed with as little disturbance or injury of the roots as possible. Plant them in their places in whatever arrangement has been determined on, and cover them at least five inches deep. If a mulching of old dung, two inches deep, will not be objectionable in its appearance, adopt it, and a fine bloom will be the rcBult, and after they bloom the bulbs will grow vigorously, and form germinal blossoms for the next season. This is a very simple process, but it may make all the difference between an annual and heavy outlay and the possession of a permanent stock, with a certainty of increase, at a single cost in the first instance. Instead of being ex haustive, as the procrastinating process must be, it is strengthening and promotive of the formation of offsets. Even the check given by Kfting is good, by preventing the protrusion of the stems until severe frosts are pretty well over in the spring. — HMerd't Gardeners' Magazine. Sponges. — Mr. Newton's 'Travels and Discoveries in the Levant' contains the following in reference to the sponge divers of the Isle of Calymnos, who sail in a fleet of caiques for the coast of Asia Minor and Syria during May, and fish up annually £16,000 worth of sponge : ' The diver descends, holding a flat stone in both hands to assist him in sinking, on which stone a cord is fastened. When he gets to the bottom, he putB the stone under his arm, and walks about in search of spongeB, putting them in a net hung round his neck as fast as ne uproots them ; he then pulls the cord as' a signal, and is drawn up again. It is said that the best divers can descend to the depth of 30 fathoms, and that they can remain under water for as long a period as three minutes. From inquiries which I have made, it does not appear that they are often cut off by sharks, though these monsters are not unfrequent in the southern parts of the Archipelago. It is possible that the rapid descent of the diver may scare away this fish, who generally seizes his prey on the surface. A Calmniete told me that the most terrible sensation he had ever experienced was finding himself close to an immense fish at the bottom of the sea. Under the root of the sponge is a parasitical substancc of a caustic nature. This often bursts when the sponge is suspended round the diver's neck, and the liquid it contains causes deep ulcers in his flesh.' Before exportation, the sponges arc cleansed and spread out in fields to dry. Acres of them may thus be Been exposed in fine weather. Sponges are sold by weight, and formerly the weight used to be increased by introducing a little sand. T« prevent this fraud, the merchants insist upon their being filled with as much sand as they can hold, and as this amount can be accurately calculated, it is de ducted from the gross weight. Hence arises the deposit of sand which a new sponge leaves at the bottom of the basin. Little People.— In the days of Sir Hans Sloane there waB exhibited at the Mitre and Rummer at Charing-cross, 'a little wild man, aged 27, and 34 inches high.' And at a coffee-house in Charing cross (a famouB plaee for exhibitions was Charing cross in those days), a little man, 60 years old, 2 feet 9 inches high, and the father of eight children. When he sleeps he puts his head between his feet to rest on by way of a pillow, and his great toes in each eaV, which posture he shows to the general satis faction of all the spectators, The Liege people boast of an old woman, who died about a century ago at the age of 100, ond with the altitude of 32 inches. Mary Jtine, of the same height, died at Wem, in Shropshire, 90 years ago ; but the poor thing was deformed and lame. An advertisement in the time of William and Mary tells of a German woman, ' at the brandy-shop, over against the Eagle and Child, in Stocks'-market (where the mansion-house now 6tM}ds),the dwarf of the world, being but two feet seven in height, and the mother of two children.' This wa6 also the height of ' a man of the least stature that has been seen _ m the memory of man,' at the Plume of Feathers in the same locality.. One exhibition was of 'a little Scotchman, but two feet and six inches high, near I upon sixty years old; he sings and dances with his son ; he formerly kept a writing- school, and discourses of the [scriptures and of many eminent histories very, ??wisely,' — a pedagogue in a nutshell. The Journal de Vedfeine notices a man twenty-eight inches high. \- Mr. Simon Paap, « Dutch dwarf, who attracted a good dsal of attention in London fifty years ago, was about be many inches in height as he was pounds in weight and years in age — twenty-eight. In Queen Anne's time there was ' a little fairy woman, come \- fiam Italy, being but two feet two inches high.' There is a record of one Hannah Bounce, who, although only twenty-five inches high, gave birth to a child. — Dickens's ' All ihe Year Round.' A'vIIvkdhid Yeahs Ago. — In 1765 George IU. was in the fifth year of bis reign, and the twenty-eighth of his. age. Two subjects agitated Parliament, and finally overthrew the Grenville Ministry, which was succeeded by that cf Lord Rockingham : the one now long forgotten, was the question of the Regency ; the other— «ot at that time thought more important — was the attojppted introduction of the Stamp Act into the American colonies, the small end of a wedge, the effects of which America is to this day expe riencing for good or for evil. The great Chatham, then 'W illiam Pitt, detected the danger, ' the little rift withhuthe lute.' He rose from a sick-bed to make his powerful voice heard for the last time as a commoner an favour of repealing the hated tax ; and it was remarked that on the same occasion the House for the first time heard the eloquent young Irishman, Edmund Burke. One small circumstance is men tioned casually this year, with regard to America, which has a .curious interest in our own day; it is the notice of an order by his Majesty's Government to divide the colonies into a northern and southern dis trict, the boundary to be the river Potomac, and a line drawn westward from it.— Leisure Hour. American Aixvice. — A jockey furnishes some hints as to how to sell a, horse : 'I tell vou it's all by com parison : have the. critter for side 'long side of a scrub — ain't one in fifty;but what'l get fooled. They look -irst at the scrub and then at the other, and they rthink it's a 'straordinary critter.' Two Good Reasons. — Sir S. Grath, physician to 'George I., was one day reminded by Steele, at the Kit Kat club, that -fifteen patients were being neglected through their .medico's absence and dissipa tion i to which the doctor replied, ' Never mind ; nine of them have such bad constitutions that no physician in the world could cure them.' 'And what about the -other six?' said Steele. 'They,' was the answer, 'have such good .constitutions, that no physician in the world could kill them.' Life celled Out.— Lord Coke wrote the follow ing, whioh he religiously observed : — ' Elx hours to sleep. To law'i great stud; six, Four Epend in prayer, The rest on nature £x.' But William Jones, a wiser economist of the fleeting hours of life, amended the sentiment thus : — ' Seven hoars to law. To soothing slumber seven. Ten to the vorld allot, And all to heaven.' African Piatthings. — The children have merry times, especially in the cool of the evening. One of their games consists of a little girl being carried on the shoulders of two others. She sits with out stretched arms, as they walk about with her, and all the rest clap their hands, and, stopping before each hut, sing pretty airs, some beating time on their little kilts of cowskin, others making a curiouB humming sound between the songs. Excepting this and the skipping-rope, the play of the girls consists in imita tion of the serious work of their mothers, building little huts, making small pots, and cooking, pounding corn in miniature mortars, or hoeing tiHy gardens. The boys play with spears of reeds, pointed with wood, and small shields, or bows and arrows ; or amuse them selves in making little cattle-pens, or in moulding cattle in clay: they show great ingenuity in the imi tation of various shaped horns. Some, too, are said to ubc slings, but as soon as they can watch the goats or calves they are sent to the field. We saw many boys riding on the calves they had in charge, but this is an innovation since the arrival of the English with their horses. Tselane, one of the ladies, on observing Dr. Livingstone noting observations on the wet ana dry bulb thermometers, thought that he too was engaged in play ; for on receiving no reply to her question, which was rather difficult to answer, aB the native tongue has no scientific terms, she said, with roguish glee, 'Poor thing, playing like a little child!' — The Zambesi and its Tributaries, by D. and C. Living stone. Transylvania. — Transylvania abounds in natural riches of almost every kind — corn and wine, silver and gold, copper and coal, sulphur, alum, and salt, all are there in plenty, waiting only for the men of enterprise and capital to gather them up, and, after paying the smallest possible price, to bring them away for the use of the rest of the world. But there, as elsewhere, only man is vile. The population, amounting to about two millions, consists one-half of the Wallacks, who are much given to thieving, incen diarism, and other wicked ways. Half of the second million consist of the Hungarians and Szeklers, the nobles of the land, distinguished by many virtues, talents, and charming qualities, but ruining them selves and their country, as some think by a certain political Pharisaism, an obstinate adherence to notions of national independence, and persistent isolation from the German people and the Vienna Government. — The Reader. A Genuine Bull. — Sir Boyle Roche, in one of the debates on the question of the Irish Union, made a speech in favour of it which he concluded by saying, that ' it would change the barren hills into fruitful valleys.' How Many Cabbages per Acre. — The great cabbage growers about New York city generally calculate upon 10,000 heads per aere, allowing four superficial feet to each plant, which gives a surplus of 3560 feet for missing plants. We suppose the crop may average five cents a head, giving 500 dollars au acre, which, considering it is a second or third crop of the season, affords a pretty good return. Cabbages often follow peas, with which radishes or lettuce has been grown ; and ground from which an early crop of potatoes has been taken is often planted with late cabbages. The soil for this crop must be rich, and manure used unsparingly. Hog manure is not ap proved in this vicinity; it is said that it produces ' club-footed cabbages.' The gardeners prefer rotation for this crop, though we have known good cabbages grown upon the same spot a dozen years in succession. Near a city, there is no doubt about the profitableness of the crop, and we believe it a valuable one for food for cattle and sheep. It increases the flow of milk, but it does not improve the quality. Irrigation is valuable where cabbages are grown, as they require a vast quantity of water, as well as manure, with deep tillage, and thorough cultivation. — Tribune. The Meteorological Service in Italy. — M. Mat teueci is charged with the organisation of this service. Eight stations have been chosen from the principal ports of the Peninsula — and the directors of these are to tonsmit every morning by telegraph, to the central office in Florence, established in the Museum of Physics and Natural History, the tbermometric and barometric variations of the preceding day, and the indications of all the instruments employed at the moment when the dispatch is transmitted. M. Mat teucci desireB the friendly co-operation of other countries, and hopes to aid in the establishment of a perfect European system of meteorological observa tion. M. Matteucci, in communicating this te the French Academy of Sciences, states, as the result of his own observation, that the tempests coming from the Atlantic, and which reach Europe by the western coast of Ireland, are those which the most frequently reach the Italian ports upon the Mediterranean and on the Adriatic. ' These tempests, frequent in winter, but rare in the summer, traverse England, a part of France, Switzerland and the AlpB, and arrive upon the coasts ? of Italy, with a speed of propagation varying from 20 kilometres (about six-tenths of an English mile) to 100 kilometres and more per hour. It will be in teresting to learn if this view of the march of tempests, over Europe iB confirmed by extended accurate j observations.— While on the subject of meteorology, we may state that M. Duprez has brought before the Academy of Sciences of Belgium some questions connected with the construction of lightning- con- j ductors. His experiments lead him to call serious attention to dangers which may attach to the employ ment of sharp-pointed conductors, especially when attached to gunpowder-magazines. — Atherueum, February 10th. Incidents of the Fight detween tiie Alabama and tbe Keassarge. — ' I thought you had been in the Confederate navy r ' 'I was,' said Aleck. ?' I was with Semmes everywhere he went ; I was in the naval brigade and blockade running, and on the Ala bama all the while he commanded her.' ' But not when she sank, I suppose ? ' I rejoined. ' Well, I was, and was picked up with him by the Deerhound.' ' It was a pretty sharp fight, was't it ? ' Isuggest ingly asked. ' It was that,' replied Aleck, but he I didn't core about enlarging. ' I suppose it was the eleven-inch shells that did her busineBB ? ' 'Oh, no,' Baid he, coming to a kind of confessional, ' we never hqd anv chance ; we had no gunners to com pare to the 'Kearearge'6. Our gunners fired by routine, and when they had the gun loaded fired it off blind. They never changed the elevation of their guns all the fight, and tne Kearsarge was working up to us all the while, taking advantage of every time she was hid by smoke to work a little nearer, and then her gunners took aim for every shot.' 'Then, it isn't true that the Alabama tned to board- the Kearsage ? ' 'No, sir, she. did her best to. get away from her from the time the fight commenced. We knew well that if we got in range of her Dahlgren howitzers she would sink us in ten minutes. ' But,' I asked, 'don't you believe that Semmes supposed he would whip the Kearsage when he went out to fight her?' 'No; he was bullied into it, and took good care to leave all his valuables on shore, and had a life-preserver on throughout the fight. 1 caw him put it on, and I thought if it was wise in him it wouldn't be foolish in me, and I put one on too. When Semmes saw that the ship was going down, he told us all to swim who could, and was one of the first to jump into the water, and we all made for the Deerhound. I was a long way ahead of Semmes, and when I came up to the Deerhound'e boat they asked me if I was Semmes before they would take me in. I said I wasn't, and then they asked me what I was on the Alabama. Said I, 'No matter what I was on the Alabama, 1 shall be a dead man soon if you don't take me in.' They asked me seain if I was an officer or a seaman, and wouldn't take me in until I told them that I was an officer. 'But,' said I, ' did they actually refuse to pick up common seamen, and le&ve; them to drown !' ' They did that,' replied he wrathfully, and pro bably not very correctly ; ' and as soon as they had Semmes on board they made tracks as fast as they knew how, and left everybody else to drown or be picked up by the Kearsage.' — Cornhill Magazine for February. ' Habeas Corpus Act. — Bishop. Burnet relates a curiouB circumstance respecting the origin of that important statute, the Habeas Corpua Act. 'It was carried,' says he, 'by an odd artifice in the House of Lords. Lord Grey and Lord Norris were named to be the tellers. Lord Norris was net at all times attentive to what he was doing ; so a very fat lord coming in, Lord Grey counted him in, as a jest at first ; but Beeing Lord Norris had not observed it, he went on with his misreckoning of ten ; so it was re ported to the House, and declared that they who were for the bill were the majority, and by this means the bill passed.' Crystal Houses. — The Moniteur du Soir informs ?us that in Nevaad (America) a quarry has been dis covered in a valley named Surprise valley, contain ing immense blocks of crystallised gypsum, perfectly transparent, and breaking of itself into cubes so regu lar in size and so smooth as to require neither the action of saw nor plane to prepare them for building jpuiposes. A series of crystal houses are about to be erected without windows, seeing that light will pene trate the transparent walls. Cell6. — It is held that every life has its commence ment in a cell, and if we go from the graves to the birthplaces of men, we are Btill struck by a vague sense of the disproportion between the origin and the issues. A little way out of Wantage, in Berkshire, stands a house in which lived, at the end of the 17th century, a retired draper, to whom was bom, in a room still shown, a son — Joseph Butler — for whom, in the words of Southey's inscription, it was reserved to develop the analogy of the Christian religion ' to the constitution and course of nature; and laying his strongfoundationsin the depth of thatgreat argument, there to construct another and irrefragable proof : thus rendering philosophy subservient to faith, and finding in outward and visible things the type and evidence of those within the veil.' In a quiet Somersetshire valley, under the groves of Hannah More's favourite haunt «f Barley wood, a cottage at the corner of a village churchyard bears tbe inscription, ' In this house was bora John Locke.' Beneath these homely roofs, where only the faint sounds of rural life are heard, the first breath was drawn by those who. were to make eras in the history of thought. If you enter into the roomB where brain-toilers have worked, you feel again within those narrow walls as if in cells that have been pregnant with a life that still stirs and spreads among men. Of the many pilgrims to Strat ford-on- Avon, or of those who have entered Goethe's house at Weimar, and seen 'the plain oval table of unpolished oak' on which the poet wrote, who has not carried away some such impression? — Noncon- fotmisi. The State of the Monet Market. — There are two phenomena (says the Economist ), which puzzle many persons, but of which the explanation, when all the facts are known, is very simple. First. Where does our gold go ? During a cotton drain to India it did not use to go aB it now goes. Silver went, but gold did not go. The answer is that the silver market has changed. Till a recent period, whatever silver was wanted for India was collected on the Continent and sent here. We sent it on to India. But now there is a French company sending silver, and French seamen carrying it from Marseilles without its coming here. Of course it is unnatural that silver collected on the Continent for transmission to the East should be Bent to England. Formerly, owing to an anomaly of commerce, it was so ; but now it is so no longer. Our gold goeB to pay for the silver which formerly used to be sent to us bodily ; but now it is used on our account indirectly, — it is transmitted from Marseilles to India to pay our debts. Secondly. Many people cannot understand why, when there is a quick rise of money in Lombard-street, it should be cheap on the Stock Exchange. In truth, it is cheap in the latter, because it has quickly changed in the former. The quick change makes people uncertain, and when people ere uncertain, the easiest market is the Stock Exchange ' from day to day.' Suppose, for example, that the great discount bouses are uncertain what to do ; of course they rather get out of, and so to say, avoid bills in cases where they have an option. They will not lock np their money for a period, though that period be short. But they must do something with their money. In consequence they use it on the Stock Exchange. They employ it there, where they can have it at once, just because they do not feel sure enough of the future to lock up their resources till definite dates. And what applies to the discount houses applies to a less ex tent, but yet to an important extent, to other capi talists also. Upon the whole, there is no doubt that the drain to the East will continue, say till April next, but still, for the moment its force is mitigated, and we may expect an increase of ease more than an aug mentation of pressure. It is rumoured that the Pope has written to the Emperor Napoleon, stating that he would accept funds from the Italian Government for the payment of a portion of the Pontifical debt, but without re nouncing his rights with respect to the former pro vinces of the Church, without treating with the Italian Government, and without recognising the September Convention. It is said that the Italian Government is ready to provide the funds, providing the Pope gives a receipt virtually acknowledging the Italian kingdom. An attempt has been made at Pau to introduce fox hunting into France, but the accidents both to horses and riders were so numerous, that it will probably not be repeated. The tusk or hom of a mammoth, measuring 10 feet 2 inches in length and 22 feet in circumference has been found ten feet below the surface in excavating for gravel for the Spalding and March Railway at the pits at Deeping St. James. It is in a good state of preseivation. The Shipping Gazette says that a firm in this country has concluded a contract with a large house in France for the delivery, chiefly at Liverpool, of 600,000 sacks of flour, at the rate of 16,000 sacks a week. This great contract is said to be regarded with some uneasiness by the com trade. A bridge is about to be suspended over the Ohio river at Cincinnati, which will be the longest in the world— 1057 yards. ThiB is 2000 feet longer than the suspension bridge at Niagara, and S40 feet longer than that of Menai. The massive stone piers rise 1 10 feet above the floor of the the bridge, which is ninety feet above the bed of the river. General Longstreet is now the senior partner of the fiim of Longstreet, Owen, and Co., of New Orleans, who advertise that having been made agents for S. N. Pike's celebrated ''Magnolia' whisky and other liquors, a stock will be constantly on hand ; and that all orders for old Bourbon whisky or alcohol in bond, for exportatiou, can be filled at their bonded ware houses. A Bali at New York.— A New York reporter, describing a recent hall there, says : — ' Fashion sat upon a throne of gold. For eight happy houis the scene wob filled with wavy gauze and glistening satins, studded with brilliants, and warm with an atmosphere of smiles. It was easy to mistake for the perfume of breaths the odours of the flowers which nestled every where, in snowy boBoms, on diamond-powdered coiffures or in soft hands. It was delightful to follow the spirals of the enchanted waltz, entwining happily the form of the Golden Yauthtide of New York. It was a bath of .dazzling delight, enough to intoxicate the young ; and where others might endeavour, alas 1 to renew the impressions which are dead ' — then he went to supper. A baker at Locum die, in the north of Spun, has been killed by his wife, who stabbed him in the abdo men, because she found him in company with a. young woman. The other day a sheep got locked up in the church at Egremont, and, after being there for some time, jumped through a beautiful memorial window. — Cheritone Advertiier. 