THE rGRAND SACRED CONCEE AT THE ADELAIDE TOWN HALL. ? TO THE EDITOR. S|if- — I should have sent partienlars of i concert on the loth, but being out of town In unable to attend, so I must be content with t second editioi}. revised and corrected. The H was not so crowded as ou the previous occash there bei^g plenty of room for the most amj crinolines. ' At' 8 o'clock the show commenced with grand overture by' the baud, rendered with grt precision,- and it- called forth loud applause. Then Miss Neville did a solo, ' A ngels ev bright and fair,' and she certainly lias a goo voice, but one not' much adapted for sacreu music. Next the full choir roared through a chorns, ' O Father,' in a manner jjroviag that they were sound in their luugs if uot X11 their judg ment. Mr. J. W. Daniel then came forward, and was greeted with loud applause. When he com menced to howl I thought from the contortions of his face that he was suffering from a severe attack of toothache; or else some one was prick ing him behind with a pin. After this was finished Mrs. Wishart got up and began to squall like'a cat with iu tail jammed in a door. She had better stick to ballads'; they are more in her line. Sir. Heydfecke's solo on the clarionette would have been better ,w ith less noise; 'the other instruments drowned the.poor thing. Miss Shakespeare fancies she can sing, but, if FrTdsfr mglrt's perfofmancS iaiy be taken as a criterion, she's' not' many chictens,^her voice rushes about In a frantic manne'r froai sharp to ?fiat, up and down artyhbW, without suiy regard to what she would like it to do. When she had taken her seat, Mr. Daniel had another ' go ih' but this was worse than the last. A trio by Miss Neville and Mesdames Wishart and Smart' followecl, and 'was little better than a failure, although Mrs. Smart tried to do' the whole of it herself; but her singing days are over- for large shosrs, she had better give np music and get something else to do. Mr. Searle came next to' do a piece, but he was .not equal to it, his voice sounded very much like a street oigan with a weak bellows, Tkis gentlemen would do well in some obscure tillage to lead the yokels in the chapel, The choir finished the .first pait w ith a grand chorus, and I was glad ii was over. It 'was very dry work, so 1 took a stroll as far as the hotel and had som? beer to keep my spirits up. Tne second' part commenced with another grand chorus, 'Gloria in Exeelsis.' The glory part might have been therej but I did not notice the excel part of the business. The performers didn't seem to excel in anything' that I heard; -it appeared to be -a mixture of discordant sounds throughout. - \- ^ then'attenipted td errtg^^'Saa ' I Jubal s lyre,' and 1 thought if she had ic would soon want tuning. ' - Mr. Searle hid two pieces allotted to him that ought to have been given to someone else who Could sing. ' ? ? All ' hands next gave a chorus from ' The Messiah' in a fearful manner that betokened a great want of practice. ^ Miss .Neville's rendering of the solo, 'I know that my liedeemer li veth,' was a little better than her previous attempt, although wanting iu espres-iou. Mr. Daniel was determined not to be done, so he, had two spngs alt to' himself, and it was a pity he d id not keep them to hiniself, for' he made, a great mess of them. 'Choruses seemed to be the forte of the per formers in general, so they had another match to see who cculd siu'g luudest. The ' Pastoral Symphony' bv the band was a splendid piece well rendered, but almost as soon as it was finished Miss Shakespeare com menced to sci'eam again, and spoilt all the beautifes' of 'it.' Perhaps she thought no cne could sing like herself, and %o she bobbed her 'head and1 kept time on her own account with the music-kook in spite of all the coiiductfir's winks and signals for her to keep still. The solo, Rejoice greatly,' by Miss Neville was not so bad Considering all things. More chorus! Oh, my 1 how they howled and groaned aud squeaked, like so many inad thiugs.1 I wond'er sonis' of them did not blow their front teeth out. ' Poor Mr. Daniel, I pitied him when he stood up to siug his last sol . I wonder if lie is taken that way when he is at liouie; he seemed quite out of breath, in spite of all Ins contortions' of countenance. ' As'a finale the Hallelujah chorus was sung, and it was the best of all, except the instru mental musl . Mr. Heydecke conducted the whole affair iu a manner highly creditable to himself. In the ''Pastoral Symphony' I think it would habe been better if the other instruments had been a little subdued to allow Proctor's' flute to be heard.' Mr. Geprge Loder presided at the pianoforte very well, but Mr, Shakespeare considered him self grand at the harmonium, but he almost killed the poor thing, and when he drew himself up to his full height, and surveyed the crowd as much as to say, I'm the concert ; these people are only just helping me a little.' He looked grand, like a giraffe at a party. JLt was a pity Mr. Edwards was not there. I might have been able to hear his squeak.- as -I was pretty close to the platform; besides' %e ought to make a farewell attempt before retiring itftp private life, or else we shall forget that there ever was a person who tried so ? hard to press liiuisejf before the public. I'think Mr. Shakespeare had better not get up any more grand concerts, or they may be as great failures as the oue ou Friday, besides exciting the risable nerves of . -'-t DONN IZETTrS GHOST. ~ Hrsr to Gawler Machinists. — The Mount Gawbier Standard has the follow ing : — We are' glad to learn that another enterprising townsman, Mr. Haase, is introducing machinery for the purpose of curving corrugated galvanized iron. 3^is w ill enable him to erect iron tanks , and what are technically termed ' waggon roofs ' and curved verandah roofs, thus i adding to the architectual features of the town. He has already, we believe, an. order for one of the former from Mr. McKay. The freight on this kind of iron has hitherto made these works very much more expensive than they will now be. 