PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. AU3TBIA AND PRUSSIA; OR THE GASIE OF BRAd. Prussia was a robber, Austria was a thief; Ppiiqcia nmi * Anctrta stoie a uamsn nef. Prussia said to Austria, 'Leave the swag alone.' Austria said to Prussia, ' When you drop your bone.' Prussia said to Austria, 'You don't mean to go?' Austria said to Prussia. 'Out of flolsteinf No.' Prus&ia; said to Austria, ' Wherefore do you arm?' Austria said to Prussia, 'Of y*n in alarm.' Prussia said to Austria, ' 1 don't mean to fight;' Austria said to Prussia, 'My intention, quite.' Prussia said to Austria, ' Drop your warlike game.' Austria said to Prussia, ' When you do the same.' Prussia said to Austria, ' What's the end to be?' Austria said to Prussia, ' Hit me, and you'll bee.' Prussia said to Austria, ' Come, this brag won't do.' Austria said to Prussia, 'Sir, the same to you.' Prussia said to Austria, 'I'll the Diet try.' Austria said to Prussia, ' Thank you, so will 1.' THE A.B.C. GUIDE. The member for Tyneinouth, in his maiden ipeech, alluded to the 'jargon' by means of vhich historical truths are impressed upon the indergraduate mind by coaches; and Mr. Carlyle uore recently denounced the same system at fidinburgh. Its advantages are nevertheless con liderable. A boy who lias to grasp aud retain the act that the Deluge happened before the siege of Ferusalem, and the latter event before the Norman Conquest, has simply to remetubcr the formula Dd-seejer-konk; and i»y storing in his memory a cw thousand pages of this agreeable reading may lave before him all the eveuts of history iu their ireper order. It would doubtless be a gain if the ame information could be conveyed through the nedium of sense, aud not of nonsense; aud we ubjoin a short tale which will indicate at least the irinciple on which this might be done:— A bald-headed Captain deliberately every Friday ;ot horribly inebriated; jabbered (knowiug little, naybe nothing, of political questions) republican entimenis to uuappreciative visitors, who, exaspe ated, yawned zealously. Any baby or neplected adult who has yet to learn lis alphabet will find his task materially lightened f he will begin by mastering (which he will of ourse do without difficulty) the above engaging larrative. TRUE COURAGE. That dreadful boy ! -'Ota, ain't Margaret brave, hat's all ! Last night when she was in the garden, saw a man jump over the hedge, and kiss her. ihe was not a bit afraid, and said nothing about it rhen she came in!' A NEW PAPER. (From our Colwell Hatchney Correspondent.) You .will be glad to hear that there is to be a icw journal started in this neighbourhood. It is ailed the Colwell Hatcfmey Intellectual Observer, rith which will be incorporated Pepper's Ghost, ud the cherubs floating, in the advertisement oster, after Sir Joshua Reynolds. A reduction rill be made on taking a quantity, and schools rill be treated with liberally; that is, if the boys uhscribe a halfpenny each per week, they Bhall 2Cbive one presentation copy between them. The 3urnul will be published in time for the earliest rains, even at midnight; as arrangements have ecu entered into whereby a blank sheet can be -sued at any hour, rather than disappoint the ubscribcrs. Every subscriber will be entitled to a glass of cer, on payment of a fixed sum, at any tnuy.of lie day. The prospectus is as follows :— Fiist, leading articles and sonnets, which will upuly a want of the day. Notices, conundrums, kettle- drums, and secret ntclligence from .all quarters of the globe, in luding Leicester-square. A column will be entirely devoted to stops, such ,s full- stops, semicolons, colons, &c;, kc, which be reader can use as lie likes throughout the taper. Half a column will be given up to broken English. ?he English will be broken in type by the compo itor and talented assistants. Every half-hour a balloon will ascend from the iftice bearing the editor. Two columns and a-half will be retained ou the stablishment for their long services. The second part will be a concert with grand auffin and crumpet solo. There will be addresses to the readers every other lay. delivered from the front window of the otfice. liirths, deaths, and marriages will be celebrated tiside from 10 to 4. The editor's brother will be at home all day, and eady to fight any one of his own weight size, and encral personal appearance. We shall have snipping intelligence, anecdotes, nd we shall publish any letters we can get hold of udcr the hc'idinx of, Yours truly, Correspondence. There will be an Indian contributor downstairs. Jo deception; anyone may see him through the rca-gratini,'. 'Ttierc will lie live columns devoted to everything tut comes too late for insertion. Whatever appeared in our last will be put in our iext, and so on. We have got Mr. Reuter to lend us a telegram rire, and we intend to do something with it Sporting intelligence will meet with the most areful attention. A Iwy will conic up from Mr. )orling every day to play with the editor. There will be a bonfire on Saturday afternoon fter oliice hours, and a dance of policemen. We shall charge sixpence for the first ten copies, enpence for every succeeding copy, and a small uni, to be named by the cleric as his perquisite, or the last If our kind friends in front will only reward our ndcavours to please, we can anticipate notliiuK mt— happiness to the future of a paper which ilapts itself so exactly to our wants, our wkhee, ind our West Knd. And bo we bid you heartily farewell. A DAN'OEHOyS COMPANION. Among other scientific novelties of mechanism, re see advertised just now a 'patent self-acting orkscrew.' This must be, no doubt, a vastly iseful article, but we fancy at the same time it must le slightly dangerous. If a Belf-acting corkscrew rerc admitted to our wine-cellar, there is no ;nowing what a quantity of corks would be heard lopping. Conceive the horror and dismay of a onuoisscur in port at finding bis self-acting cork crew hard at work, and drawing all the corks of lis famous 'thirty -four,' and still more precious 'twenty!' Howcrustvhc would look at seeing uch a waste of all his fine old crusted! A TELEOKASr. Albion Cottage, Old England. Dear Punch -I am desirous to be ' up, down, ly. and awake' to everything, but the accom lanyinff from the Daily Telegraph just does nock me over:— 'In one thing alone do we difler from them— hat we will not consent to have a truncated history f the British Empire, ending with the apotheosis fSthe ten-pound householder.' 1 have submitted this to various friends, and they ill cry a go, except one 'cute young lady, who hinks it relers to the underground railway. Can on give a-iy information on the tubject? and iblige, Yours truly, Nix. ' FOLLOW MY LEADEU.' There's a game that's played in a certain place, Not a hundred miles from St. Stephen's, Far better than rounders, or prisoner's base, Hop-scotch, or odds and evens. This pretty game for.little M.P.'s And woe betide the seceder!— Means 'Go where I like, and vote as I please,' And its name is 'Follow my Leader. The M.P. who joins in this nice little gamo Must never care what's before him; Ee it water to drown, or timber to lame, All he has to do 's-get o'er 'em. Thouj.h a bog's in the way or a nice still' clay— Of his steps no picker or wecder— He must flounder on as well as he may— 'lis the rule in 'Follow my Leudur.' If he sec a gap wide open stand, When his leader a bullfinch rushes, He must not swerve to either hand, But face the blackthorn bushes. Though never a rag be left on bis back, And every briar's a bleeder, He must hark to the whip, and hunt with the pack— Or it isn't ' Follow my Leader.' If there's a bridge across a ditch In the line his li ader's making, Andithe leader choose to go in full pitch, His header he must be taking. No matter how black, no matter how green, Mud below, and a-top duckweed ore. He must go the whole beg, and emerge undcan, But faithful to 'Follow my Leader.' 2fo doubt this nice little Westminster game Can boast its rutiunale, Though it might be bard to approve the same, Out of Stuart or Mill, or Paley.— That when reason say3 'I£ight,' and party ' Left,' No M. P. is bound to heed her, Or he'll find himself put in the stick called 'cleft,' By the players at ' Follow my Leader.' You're in the train and must spin along, Nor meddle with breaks and buil'ers; If you are right when your party's wrong, And you say so, your party suffers. As balm for a bruise, or detergent for dirt (Says your Parliament special pleader)— There's no pain blows, and no slam in dirt When they're got at 'Follow my Leader.' THE WORST FOR A HIJXDIIKD. What kind of medians ought to l-e given to a child ailing with a cruel father? A mild aperient! [A milder iHirienl.) SOCIAL NOTE. ? 'When a man uses the phrase ' Every one says,' what number of persons does he mean? If he is asked be will probably find some difficulty in fixing the number at seven. CONS. FOR TTIE TIMES. Who were the original bogtrotlers* The Fenians. Why is the suspension of the Halieas Corpus Act in Ireland beneficial to the Fenians? Because it quickens their apprehension. A MODEL MERCHANT. Quoth the American Minister, the other evening, at the Mansion House:— ' Mi. George Peabody:is a singular man. He is a man of remarkable character, being, I might almost say, a species by himself.' Singular man! Yes, verily, there is but one George Pealrody and thousands by him profit We should like to see this singular made plural, we confess. The Peabody species is one well worthy of development; and come, there is no harm in hinting how we mfcht extend it Imitation is allowed to bo the truest form of flattery. Perhaps a few of our rich merchants will imitate George Peabody! Why should they not take a leaf out of his book, and one out of their own cheque books! By his generous gift to London he rescues nigh a thousand Londoners from wretchedness and dirt. Why should not half a score or so of our great merchant princes resolve to do the like! Thanks to railways and embankments and valley elevations, a number of poor Londoners are turned daily out of doors, and know not where to find clean lodging. Don't be backward, kind rich gentlemen, in housing the poor houseless. Who will first step forward and 'Bay ditto' to George Peabody! 