THE CARRIERS' ACT. , All our inland traffic for many yeara must bo conducted by carriers. An Act of Parliament having special reference to this class has been passed this session, which will ho found on trial ono of tlio most cunning legal devices yet hit on for wholesale persecution. It is a successful attompt on tho part of tho pro pertied class to reduce the carriers to a stato of serfdom. To make them liable to imprison ment and hard labor for loss of property for wliich justor laws elsowhcro demand civil com pensation. There is no justice in this enact ment which has aone-siiied and' Draconic look about it. The simplicity it is alleged the now Act has introduced into legislation on this Bubjoct is more than compensated by its brutal enactments. The second clauso Btatos " if any one being a carrier or otlior haileo of working bullocks, working horses, drays, gear, harness, or other goods or chattels under any agreement to re-deliver tho same at any specified time and shall without just or reason able cause rofusb to deliver the samo or any .part thereof according to the terms of such agreement upon demand made bjr the owner, or hia agent, it shall he lawful for any two or more justices, in petty sessions assombled, upon proof of such demand nud refusal, to order tho dolivery of such working bullocks, working horses, drays, gear, harnoss, or other goods or chattels by such carrier or other bailee, and if ho shall fail to obey such order and shall not deliver the goods or chattels no snati oo guilty or a misdemeanor, ana upon- conviction thereof before two or more jus tices aforesaid, shall he kept to hard labor for any period not exceeding threo months." A civil remedy is also left tho owner for the loss of teams and ho can choose cither engine of torture. If this principle wero pushed a little further than bullock-drivers and men of common clay to carriers supposed to he of a higher grade — to the mail carriers for in stance, with whom our Government has con tracts — it would show our bucolic legislators how far they havo diverged from constitu tional law. A steamer with its mail hags on board and hound to deliver them at a specified time, in Batavia, Brisbane, or Syducy is, in the eye of the law, uo more respectable medium of communication than a bullock team from Clermont with copper for Rockhampton. If tho captain of the steamer is behind time the company is fined, no one even among our Queensland legislators thought of sending a captain of a ship to prison for threo months, though lie should have been culpably negli gent aud by his own deliberate act failed to iluni tilb uuuwuct. nu», way auuuiu uuututJ siunc principle ho applied to the driver of a bullock team p Both are agents hound to do a certain thing within a certain time, if they fail to do so, and without reasonable cause, why should the law treat them dilforontly? It has the had ett'ect of confirming the old opinion that there is ono law for the poor and another for the rich. The Queensland Par liament has i'o-enaeted this clause from tho Act of 1861, and thereby declared their inten tion to uphold class legislation and injustice. Tho difficulty of establishing" just and reason able cause" for the non-deliveay of goods at a specified time renders the carriers' case almost hopeless. If lie loses a bullock on the road — a worthless boast perhaps in the first instance — he must prove when and whero and how he lost him, his own evidence and that of his mate, if ho should have one, will be looked upon with suspicion and disregarded, and other evidence will generally ho impossible. Where is a carrier to find witnesses of the death of a horse or bullock between this and Clermont or Springsurc — or to mako the case stronger — between this and Burke Town? Yet, unless he can bring forward evidence of any loss and resonahlo cause for it and for any delay — if ono hour over the stipulated time — he is liable to imprisonment for three mouths with hard labor. This is a hard case and nob required to meet any possible roguery on the part of the carriers. A civil remody would have met all the necessities of the case. With this exception the Act will prove useful as its enforcement will f end to protect the roads and bridges of the colony. The third clause provides that if carriers refuse or delay to convey goods according to agreement, two justices may, upon proof of such refusal or wilful delay, mako an order for their delivery to tho owner or his agent, and award to either such fino or compensation as they may con sider just or reasonable. The fourth clause enacts that no person shall carry for hire beyond tho boundaries of the municipality unless he shall havo first obtained from a court of pottj' sessions a license, which will 1 cost twenty shillings and continue in force until tho 31st day of December of each year. The penaltyforcarrying without alicense is £5. No license can he granted lawfully to nny dray or waggon unless it ho fitted with a sufficient number of sound and properly constructed breaks, and have the name of tho owner painted clearly aud distinctly visible on somo conspicuous part of it. There is another penalty of £5 for neglecting this clauso. The gross weight which a dray or waggon may lake must be specified in tho license, and there is a £5 penalty for taking a greater load. Penalties not exceeding £5 are inflicted on per sons drawing along any road, attached to their wagons, any timber, logs, or other materials, on tho owners of animal dying or accidentally killed within a quarter of a mile of any public road for not removing it not loss than a quarter of a mile from the road or immediately destroying it by fire on tlio spot. Destroying survey marks, mile posts or public notices, injuring bridges or culverts, lighting fires under woodon bridges aro visited with a similar fino. Tho thirteenth clauso gives tho Governor, an extraordinary and unconstitu tional power " to alter or vary" any tolls now iu force, " any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding." The Parliament stultifies itself by abnegating its ' own powers in this fashion. What is the use of an Act of Par- liament if it can ho set aside for moro Go vernment purposes? This clauso does not much affect tho carrying class licro just yet. But how would the caso stand if the railway- wore completed to tho Dawson" aud the Government put up a chaiu of turnpike gates on tho road to drive off all competition from tlio. railway ? That would bo a gross abuse of an Act of Parliament and yet such, it has boon asserted, was tho intention of tho Govorn- mont when tho nominee houso introduced this clause, which dill not appear originally in' the hill. : Tho " railway swindle" to Too- woomha it appears wont pay, to scrape up every atom ot traffic on the lino it is contem plated by tho Government to crush nil the drayB and wagons competing against the rail way by establishing toll-gates whoro they please. This is a characteristic coup of tho VIacalister Govornmont. xio Know now to drive the Governor pnBt an Act of Parlia ment. Tho Act opons with a declaration against tho liberty of tho subject and closes by giving tho Governor nud Executive supremo power over ovory rond in tho colony, " any law or statuto to tlio contrary notwith standing." Tho Pari iamont cannot look with satisfaction nt this piece of bungling, which betrays at once tlioir own incompetence and subservieuhy to tlio Government. The Act comes into operation on and after tho first of January, 1S07. The Union Concert Hall. — The opening of the abovo place of amusement drew a crowd of people, to that end of the town leaving the upper part com paratively deserted, and effectually shutting up the Cornstalk which at once paled its ineffectual fires before the superior attraction of its rival, and sunk into gloom and silence at the first signal of "M'Gregor's Gathering."' The New Hall is of noble dimensions and reflects much credit upon the builder, who, as far as the design would admit and the materials with which he had to work could effect it, has done wonders. The gallery is neat, unpretending, and commodious, capable of holding a large number of spectators, and only wants, like the rest of buildings, to be properly lighted up — a want which is very desirable and must be rectified as soon as possible. The interior of the building would be amazingly improved by a large chandelier suspended from the roof — light is the one great essential in all public places of entertainment, it is life and gaiety in itself. The introduction, after the style of the Canterbury and other London halls, of small tables between the seats will be found to be an immense addition to the comfort and convenience of the public. Men require some place upon which they can put their cigars and beer, or drink of whatever kind it may be, some place upon which they can cut up their tobacco and fill their pipes, &c.;, &c.; The landlord will find their introduction both paying to himself and agreeable to his customers; but, no doubt, these changes are in contemplation and time will soon effect them. The present arrangements bear the evident impress of the hand of haste. The Hall was advertised to open on Saturday night, the 3rd instant, and the public were not to be disappointed ; this accounts for the slight roughness in some minor details of manage- ment, which will rapidly disappear as things settle down into their places. The stage is, we think, a trifle too high, and from the absence of proper wing lights presents a gloomy appearance and prevents the scenery, which is very creditably painted, from receiving its full share of admiration. The artist, Mrs. Rice, has evidently a very fair knowledge of perspective, and uses her brush with boldness and very considerable effects. Scenery is an important element of attraction in all vaudeville representations such as, we under stand, are to be the specialite of the Union, and so able a contributor as Mrs. Rice will, we feel satisfied, be a valuable acquisition. With respect to the per- formances of Saturday it would be hardly fair to hazard an opinion owing to the noise, bustle, and confusion that prevailed caused by the rush of waiters, the clinking of glasses, the loud tone of the public in com- menting upon everything, together with our distance from the stage. Mrs. Riley appeared to be successful with those near her, though she was comparatively in audible to us where we stood. Russell sang as usual ?, and some very respectable dancing on the part of Massey was loudly encored. Altogether the opening of the Hall was a great success, and Mr. M'Gregor has only to present good entertainments to the public to ensure a oontinuance of that liberal patronage which they have always extended to him. Being a very popular man with all classes his fortune lies in his own hands, and with a little management he may safely defy all competition. 1'he Unemployed. — By every steamer crowds of pauper immigrants of the very worst description uro shipped for Rockhampton. After undergoing tho process of squeezing down below, tho poor dovils nro then packed off to till our hospitals und goals and to rob whorovcr there's a cluinco. It is notorious that largo liumbors of tlioso people havo boon entirely de pendent upon private charity, and that somo of our tradcBmon have boon in tlio habit of supplying tlicm daily with tlio necessaries of lifo. Amongst the number of good Samaritans who havo poured oil into their wounds is our townsman Mr. Schmidt., the baker, of Little Qimy-streot, in wIiobc ease tho ndnge of " enton bread is soon forgotten" has been litorally illustrated. It appears tlmt a recipient of bis bounty — one of tlio unemployed — who was i:i the habit of receiving gratuitously something liko four or fivo loaves a week, wont, on Friday last, to Air. Schmidt's shop, and find ing no person behind tlio counter and tho const apparently olear proeeodoil to liolp liiniBOlf from tho till, in wliioli act a neighbour detected liitn liiid raised tlio alarm. Tho fellow bolted up Lit Uo Quayslreot, but was followed by Schmidt (who was not fur from his shop, and hud learnt tho state of affairs) und collared. Tho tliicf immediately began whining most, abjectly and gave up tho spoil — somo two shillings — begging not to bo given in charge, to which his enptor at lust assented, discharging hiu prisoner with a kick in that place " moro honored in the breach than the observance." There can bo no possible oxeuse for theso lazy vagabonds prowling about the lown " out of omploynicnt, and indiscriminate charity, however woll intentionod, is productive of anything but boiiofieial results. So long us tho pi-ice of labour eontinuos to rule nt present rates there can bo no destitution— tho tiling speaks for itself. Employors of labour liavo to pay the samo figure that was aBkod fivo years ago ; servants aro quite as difficult to ho got as they woro upon tho opening of tlio colony, and squattcrH aro con stantly complaining of not being able to obtain labour nt any price. Tho weekly importation of tlio dregs of the Brisbano shipments must ovontually have a banoftil offoct upon our prcsont population not n bit too good already, and it really scorns as if ouv Brisbano friend (Mr. Aliiculistor) was dotorminod wo should havo ovory chanoo of becoming tlio " Rowdies" ho has dubbed us. Wo would suggest the proprioty of providing those peoplo with frco passages back to Brisbane, and thus return the compliment. Government Measures. — Tho result of tho im position of tlio new taxes will not bo Tory long in developing itself. Already consternation iB_ beginning to bo folt all over tho colony, nnd trade of every description iB beginning to get paralysed. This fact our imports aro already beginning to sliow. Importors arc now holding thoir hands, and manufacturing houses must soon find that tlioir goods will bo loft in their warehouses ; tluit speculation anil commercial outer- priBo aro restricted to within tho most modorato limits, . ibr tho monoy ib nctually going out of tho town 'of Rockhampton in the Bliapo of £6000 a month on Customs account alone, and for which tho North can ncvor rcccivo directly nor indirectly ono iota of benefit. Such wholcsalo plunder has uo parallel in nny of lior Majesty's colonics, or in whicli a man wboso wholo administration has been a sorioB of blandors, and worse than blunders, bos boon allowed to keep tho liclm of State In his hands after knocking tho ship upon OYcry rook in tho sea of legislation through wliioli ho has been driving her. To whom do wo owe our reduced incomes — our frightful tnxntiou, und the general insolvency of tho country — but to Mr. . Atncnlistor, and to him alone ? Who was it that for tlio snko of patronugo and powor forced tho railroads on us so tliat ho might hnvo tho appointments of tho country in his hands, hut Air. Atacalistor 1 And who '« it now that is hooping on tax uftor tax, which oomo trouping after oucli otlior liko tho ghosts in Alaoboth ? To whom aro wo indobtcd witilo our backs nro break ing from the woiglit of tho imposition put upon us, to pay for tho corrupt legislation of Brisbnno for that precious production tho Stnmp Act, one apparently especially framed at this juncture for tho purposo of giving tho coup do grace to our future prosperity But tho lionornblo! Arthur Mnonlistor? Ho is cer tainly putting the last feather upon tho camol's back with a vongonnce. It is impoBsiblo to dcscribo tlio infinite obstruction this last act imposes upon busi ness, independent of tbo amount of tlio tax itsolf. Tlio Govcrnmont dcerco that no transaction shall bo considered as valid in law aftor tho 1st Novombor un less conduetod by "stamps," and yet they don't pro- vido any. This is worso than unconstitutional, nud a direct attack upon tho liberties of tho subject. Thoro is something almost idiotic in tlio conduct of tlio Government in tlio slop way thoy do everything. Thoy make it compulsory that a stamp shall nooom- pary ovory business transaction, but when tho -people ask for stamps there uro nono to bo had. Whoso fault is this — is it. t ho people's ? Wo look upon this neglect upon tho part of tho Govornmont us abso lutely criminal. How Sir Georgo Bowon, who is con sidered to bo a mini of somo littlo experience — how litllo wo now know to our cost — can givo nBsent to Mncaiistor's suicidal bill, is aBtonisliing. His Excel lency has very plainly shown tlmt ho is not the right man in tho right piece — ho !b vory much out of placo — and bo far us wo aro concornod wo licavlily wisli ho was. Tho Crown profossos to appoint men to whom colonial legislators uro expected to look up, nnd to tako council from in their dillioiiltics. But Sir George has rovorsed this — his minister, Air. Alacnlietor, notoriously looks down oil him, and snubs him upon ovory occa sion, of which wo had an admirable illustration during hiB Exeol.cncy's Inst viBit to Rockhampton. Wo should liko to iicnr tho Governor's reply to tlio question— " You assumed tho Governorship of Quconn- lund just Bix yours ago, tho colony you say wub flourish ing in tho higlicBt state, according to your own re- port, ol pnBtorul mill coninioreiai prosperity — tlio rcvonun in excess of the expenditure, and resoureos illimitable, and pray to what liavo you brought it in tlio short spneo of your six yours administration ? Why tlio wholo country is convulsed— tho pooplo ground down by heavy and unineritod taxation, the country on tho vergo of insolvonny, its credit, gono, and its revenue pledged ad infinitum to pay tlio in terest of a dolil which should overwhelm with ever lasting disgruuo a Ministry that could lmvo lent thoir names to tho preposterous railway speculation of tho man who bullied thorn." How, wo repent, hit Excol- lcnoy will give an account of his stewardship puzzlos ns. His sitccoss here augurs hut poorly for lus Indian promotion — though Mr. Hcrbort 1ms gono homo us Govornmont Agent, mill will smooth, mattors as much us possiblo for his mastor. Facts ore stubborn things. Six years ugo wo 'owed nothing — wo now owo- tlfroo millions and a half hard cash, und tho debt is gradually increasing, aud what lmvo wo got for our money ? Roeklmmpton may safely say " more kiokB than lmlf- ponco." Colonial Produce. — Our nuvrkot is. oonsiitfcrably indebted to Holmrt Town shippors, who have cut out tho Sydnoy exporters almost altogpllior. Tho ship ments by tho 2'icard anil tho Annie invariably find ?;ood priees and ready snlos. Tho iormor vessel's roight this trip is moro than usually varied and valuable, and may litorally bo sitid to compriso, in tho way of consumption, almost all wo aro deficient of. Fire.— An alarm of firo was given by tho firo boll. yostoruay suorny ooioro nvo o uiuca. xno uro uruuu out in tlio back vorandnh of tho Alma Hotol, Donlmm- strcct. It appears that tlio present proprietor of tlio- hotol — Mr. Blnko— had iiBod this vorandnh as u workshop in gotting up materials for Airs. Daily's publio-houso, nnd a considerable quantity of shavings wero lying about. How tlio firo originated is not known. Fortunately it wnB discovered in time, and Thomas Aturray, water oarrior, hurried to tho snot with a small ongino, bought with tho rewards for his ' prompt nssistmieo at lato fires. This wns started with a pint of water, and tho supply boing kept up from tho walor butts on tlio premises, tho firo was extinguished ill a few minutes, before tlio ili-o hell rang. Tho lire ongino wub not brought on tho ground. Groat credit is duo to Aturray for his promptitude, and in organ ising a firo bi-igiiilo lie anil his ongino should not be forgottoiu But for its avrivnl tho lire would lmvo got headway in spue ol all tho cltortB ol tlio occupants ot tlio liotol. The Hospital. — Wo would remind the public that tlio Nathan Troupe givo a farewell performance this evening for tho benefit of tho Hospital 'at. McGregor's Union Concorl llall, which tlio proprietor offers gratis for tlio occasion. As tho proceeds go to swell the fund for tlio roliof of the aflliolod, we trust that Atr. Nathan's efforts will moot with a hearty response. The Warwick Railway. — It is gonorally admitted on every siclo tlmt nono of tho railroads in tho colony has ever paid anything approaching a dividend, and tlmt tho Govornmonts of Now South Wulos and Vic toria havo beon coinpollod, in somo instances, to resume i iii, linos, liul boing rtUlu U» pay lllo gtiarunlon to the shareholders. Tlmt our Queensland Railroad cannot pay no ono doubts ; neither tlio population nor trade of tho country could koop a branch lino going ; but still in face of this fact we find strange tilings aro to bo dono in Air. Macalistcr's name, for iu dcfianco of tho voice of tho country and in direct opposition to tlio votos of the House, wo find tho following important telegram forwarded to tho ollico of tlio Warwick Argue ill roply to a question put to tho Alinistor for WorkB : — " Alinisters intend to carry out all contracts." " This matter," Bays tho Argue, " is now, tlioroforo, settled beyond dispute, anil tlio pooplo of Warwick may rest assured that no further action of mombers nan stop tho construction of tho Wnrwfiik Railway." A moro direct act of usurpation of his powers upon t.he part of any minister wo defy to bo brought forward. It is porl'eetly astounding liow tho ago puts up with it. First a man ruins the country, and then bullies — 110 one daring to gainsay him. Aro all tho members of the Houso under logul obligations to him ? that no one can tako tho hull by tlio horns nnd throw him. Tho Wnrwick Railway moans more taxes, so the peoplo may prepare themselves for tho next clutch tlmt wo seo coming out of that Government nest — the Qazclla, viz., land tax and property tax — thoy'ro coming. An Old OrFKNimu. — Our rcadors will remember the trial and conviction of a ninn named Dittmar, who was scnlonccd at the Roeklmmpton Assizes somo throo years ago for robbing his employer Air. Feez. Wo find by our Brisbano files " Yesterday morning, just S raviolis to tlio departure of tho dtp of Jiriebane for ydncy, tho detcetivo polieo arroBtcd a man limned Charles Augustus Dittmur, on a warrant from Too- woomba, on a charge of ombozzlcmont. For somo tiino past Dittmar has boon carrying on business at Toowoomba ns an auctioneer nnd commission agont. The polieo lmvo also another cliurgo against him. It appears that soino time back ho ordered a suit of clothes from Alossrs. Phillips nnd Woodcock, tailors, in Edward- stroot. On Monday evoning ho told ono of tho firm thnt. lio wished to pay for thom, at tho snmo time desiring to bo measured for- n fresh suit. Ho t.'non drew a blank uhcqiio from hiB poukct nnd filled it lip for £7, and tondorod it to Mr. Phillips, who cashod it and handed tho balnnco over to him. Tho cheque has sineo turned out to bo utterly wortliloss, anil by this novel means of raising tlio wind Dittmar obtninod suflleiont funds to havo carried him to Sydney lind ho not boon arrested in tlio nick of timo by tho deteotiros." Tho colony is infested witli thoso black guards who victimise tradesmen wlienovor thoy can find ono unsuspicious enough to trust thorn. Wo trust tho law will this timo do its duty. The Bowen AIember. — Tho Queensland Times says thnt " It is not probnblo that Air. Dalrymplo will bo able to tako hiB scat in tho Houso ttiis Bcssion, nB tho writ certifying liis election for tho Kennedy cannot bo forwurdod in cousequonco of no return having boon re ceived from tho now polling-placo, Glon Dhu. It does not appear thnt any provision wits mndo for rccoiving votes tlioro. AH. Dalrymplo is tlioroforo made to pay rathor dearly for having onjoyod for a fow days tho honour of being Colonial Secretary for Queensland, and tlio'olootors aro virtually disfranchised for nearly a wholo session. 