TIE. aHoQST QE PLENTY. The Victorian farmers-oc at least a portion of them-are clamouring fo pror. tection, The bounteous harvest which there is Qvery prospect of our garnering this season alarms them. The high prices, that ruled during the past wainter, asn which were only kept from reaching starvation point by supplies being forthcoming from foreigrn"' countries, have already fallen one-half, and are likely to. fall still lower. The cheap. loaf thus. presaged--a plea-. sant sight in the eyes of nine-tenths of the population-is a terrific bogie to, the agri-. custural mind.. And so said:agriCltu.ral mind sets itself to work to.chleck by legislationthe. liborality of' Provideuce. T1?ut th3 farmers will get what they ask is.beyond the range. of probability- they would be just as likely. to get the moon by crying for it.. Already they are. rebuffed on bothl sides for their presumption. Freetraleras. and Protec tionists, tloughl by diffterent roads, arrive at the conclusion that a tax on corn, is.-not to, be thlought of. The .rsus and thle Age are at one on this point-though it must be con fesed the arguments of the former are thle moro consistent, in that it has always adhered to, the:free-trado theory-- and nel;ly the whole press. of the. country coo demns the movement. The Age adnits that th re miqlt bh circu~mstances. t~hat would justify an, impprt dity. bpeing plced on corn, ut asserts that, these do not now exist, asi that th?e. movement of the farmers is prsmature. As to.the latter charge, it is a ve'y absurd on.,. The farmers would be fols indeed, if'theloy consider their interests to' be really in danger, to allow the ruin to overtake them without ?nmalling an effort to avert it. It is surely axiomatic wisdom not to' delay locking tle stable-door until after the steed is stolen. Their argument is, that whseat cannot be grown at a, profli.t in Vic toria to sell at less that, 7s. a bshsel, and tlh'ey ask the Govoernmnent to put such a tax osn all imported corn as will prevent the priFe falling below this minimum.; but of a isuximum they are silent. They yilb take all they can got, but they invoke the aid of le~islation, to prevent that all being ever eliss. than 7's. a bushlel ! 'This latest request to foster a sative inlustry would be laughable, were it not that recent legislation, las givens the farmers someo. igst to put for:ward such pretonsions. Thiey argue-and with a logical force that is urannsworable-you have placed duties upon certais manufactured articles, to. enable. the ar'tisans in the colony who can make such to compete.withl the cheap labour of European conmnunities. TWe ask that the sanme amhotmut of protection, be extended to us. Agricd tu.ro is surely a native industry which desers:es to be fosteredo even befobre tailoring or shoursaking. People ewasl have a certain amount of bread.. That is the first necessity of existence- raitmengt is but a lsecondary consideration. If the manu fitturer has to compete with the law-priced labour of European cou!intries, -we have to compete with tihe still lo?:r-isrieedo labour of the ScUth ?l.merican corn- prooLdu.inS g coull tries. es . thereforo submit thait our right to, lpotectioln is cqually strong with that of the as'tisans seshose claims hIave been admitted and legislated for. Tiho arg-ntent is con clsis:e. The only answer to it is, that the people-thlo source of all poweru-will never allow itspractical application. No MIinistry wusld exist a month tlat seriously attempted td embody it in practice. We sympathise ws th oue friends the farmers; but we tell t' cn plainly that they will never get what ey are aiming at. Protection is an ignus eus which they will act wisely to cease following; and when they cornl to feel that injustice is done them by |ts refusal, perhaps they may be led to coniieor whother something more than justice la noat been meted out to those' clases wleso political importanceehas enabled them to secure the coveted boon. When mottern reachl this point-and there are indications already of their trending thitherwards--the country may wake - up ta: the co .ritioh that we -mst have either free t~de or prq tection all round--there beinig no satis fhaotory halting-station beotwvein the two points-and that it is immat;erial which we adopt, both amoenting p ett much to the same thing. In the meantime, we ca~nuot help, in the interests of the people as well as our own, rejoicing at the pros pects of a cheap loaf; and pi-aying that between this and harvest time nothing may occur to blight them. The ghoqs of plenty has no tefror for us. 