AUSTRALIAN G. 'S. 'I don't believe a bit of it' said young Harry Brockly, as he took his cigar between his fingers, and puffed out a cloud of smoke byway of giving em phasis to his remark. ' Australia's too young a place to have ghosts. You want the old families, the old houses, the old places, the old associations, necessary ' for establishing a regular good honest bona-fide ghost. I don't believe it !' Two or three of thoBe present entered a protest against this remark, but Tom Morley continuing upon the subject then under discussion, observed, 'But when I tell you that the thing is well authenticated, what will you say, Master Harry !' ' Answer me this, Tom. Did you see it yourself?' asked Harry dogmatically. 1 ' No. I won't pretend to say that I did ; but I had it from one of the actors in the affair, and he declares to this day, for he is still living, that he saw the ghost.' ' 'Tell us all about it, Tom,' said Charley Harris, ' and then we'll be able to form an opinion upon it.' We were sitting out in the verandah on the shady side ofthe house, enjoying a smoke after having dis posed of our Christmas dinner. We were still farther shaded from the sun by the thick foliage of the orna mental trees that grew in front of the house. A rather large party of us had sat down to dinner, and now some half dozen of the number had lounged out to enjoy their weed. The conversation had turned upon ghosts, the old Christmas topic in the parent country, though not so much so here in Australia, where all the adjuncts that make a ghost story so im pressive at the Christmas, are wanting. The dark nights, ftic stormy winds, the drifting snow, the( rattling windows, the rumbling chimneys, the slam jning doors, that form the fitting scene to accompany some dread weird tale, are replaced, here by the cloudless sky, the burning heat, and the still atmos phere of the Australian Christmas time. Several of our number, however, were recent arrivals, and the sub ject had the usual interest with them, an interest which gradually communicated itself to the rest, so that as the conversation proceeded, one after the other of the company joined us, and even the ladies cat listening to it. I 'Yet, let ub have the story!' said several of the party. 'Well, if you wish it, 'you shall have it just as I heard it. I call it THE SPECTRE ON THE STAIRS. You all know Parramatta pretty well, and you must have noticed the house I speak of. It was very nearly opposite the stable entrance of the old Red Cow Inn, in George- street. It stood for many, years, a most melancholy looking wreck, in the most busy part of this, the principal street of the pretty little town of Parramatta. The dilapidated building was the more remarkable from its appearance being *? marked contrast with the neat houses and well kept gardens that surrounded it. There was a small enclo sure in front of the house, where once there had been a garden, but the railings were broken down, the gate hanging hopelessly by one hinge, the plants smothered and strangled by the rank grass that grew unchecked and uncropped upon the ground, for animals of every kind, even to the wandering goats seemed to shun the spot. There was a verandah to the first floor, forming a portico to the ground floor, but the woodwork that composed it was rotting and crumbling to dust, and the paint had long since peeled off and disappeared from it. The glass in the windows was nearly all broken, and the sashes were all but falling to pieces. In fact, nothing could well be more wretched and miserable than its general appearance, and nothing could better come up to the idea of a haunted house. Of course it was haunted. Everybody in Parramatta at the time I speak of— some twenty-five years ago— knew it, and could swear to it. The youngsters would no more think of walking past it after dark than they would think of flying, and even grown people regarded it suspiciously as they passed. Noises had been heard and things had been seen in the house, which from the very vagueness of the accounts given, lent a deeper mystery to the whole affair. My friend, from whom I have this account, and whom I will call Fox, was exceedingly sceptical about ghoBts in general, but more particularly about this ghost. So many tales and rumours reached him en the subject when he set himself to inquire into it, *hat at last he and another equally as sceptical as himself determined to beat up the quarters of the gbJSt, and to Bee what he was really made of. Thsre is one peculiarity about ghosts, and that is, that Aey have a morbid prejudice againstappearing to twopersons when in each other's company ; and as Fox had from his reading learnt this, he and his friend decided that one should remain on watch in the wreet, whilst the other awaited the appearance of the spirit, if there was one, in the house, and held a private interview with it. I will now, as nearly as I can remember, narrate, in Fox's own words, the circumstances that occurred. 'Midnight,' said he, 'being the orthodox time at which ghosts usually appear, my friend and I pro ceeded to the house at about half-past 11. There was no difficulty in entering, for the windows which were what are called French-lights, were all broken, without fastenings and partly off their binges. We examined the door, but that was perfectly fast, the catch of the lock and the ends of the bolts being so rusted to the ironwork into which they fitted, as in each case to form one solid piece, and so to be im movable. The same might be said of the back door, and the one window at the back had a shutter to it, which we managed to secure. After this scrutiny my friend left, and then as well as I was able I closed and secured the front windows. This I managed to do in such a way that they could not be opened wide enough to admit any person without sufficient noise being made to put me on my guard. It was a bright moonlight night, and -as I passed through the diffe rent rooms everything could be seen almost as clearly as by day. The appcarance of the rooms was any thing but encouraging, and, although I had not the slightest dread or thought of any supernatural appea rance, I confess that I wished that my friend and not I had to pass the stipulated hour in such uncomfortable quarters. The plaster from the ceilings and walls had nearly all fallen down upon the floors, where it had rotted and formed a thick coating of soil. Having taken the precautions I have mentioned, I went upstairs and visited the rooms above. These I found to be even more ruinous and wretched than those below, for the leakage through the roof had added very materially to tlie general decay. The stairs as I ascended crcakcd under my tread, bending at every step as though they would have given way with me. The windows, however, were in a better state of preser vation, so upstairs I determined to keep my watch. I looked out, and under the portico of the inn opposite, I saw my friend walking to and fro, with his eye on the house. I filled and lighted my pipe and sitting on the window sill had a smoke. I had hardly finished it when the bell of St. John's struck mid night. I looked out and taw the inn shut up for the night, and as the door closed with a bang, I felt for the first time a sensation of— I hardly know what to call it— but a kind of uneasiness creeping over me. What caused it I could not say, but uneasy I certainly hadbecome. My first pipe had made the time pass over pretty well, eo I determined to try the effect of a second. I drew out my knife and tobacco, and was cutting away at the latter when I heard a noise at the street door. There was no mistake, it was some one putting a key into the lock. ' You won't get much good by that,' thought I, as I remembered how the door was bolted and the ironwork rusted ; but the thought had hardly passed through my mind when I heard the lock turn and the door open. The key was then taken out of the lock, and the door again closed with a loud bang, 'Hilloo!' thought I, 'what does this mean? I thought the wards of the lock were immovable.' I went to the head of the stairs and listened, and plainly heard footsteps in the passage. ' It must be Alfred,' thought I ; so I colled him by name, but re ceived no answer. The steps had ceased for an instant, just about as long as it would take a person to hang up a cloak or a hat in the passage. They were then resumed, and now I heard them mounting the stairs, Up, and up, and up, they came, and though I looked over, and the moonlight 6hone in clear upon the stair case, nothing could be seen. Still up, and up, came the steps, wearily and heavily, like those of a person who was tii^d, or an elderly man who ascended with difficulty. Up and up still, until they sounded within a stair or two of where I stood. I don't know how it was, but I drew back from the centre of the stairway where I was standing. The action was quite involuntary on my part, and I became ashamed of myself immediately after. Before I could resume my position, however, the steps had passed me, and as the sound was emitted from the stair on which I stood, I felt a celd chill run through ms as though on icy blast had blown upon me. The steps passed me, seemed to go into the room I had just quitted, and there ceased. The whole affair had come upon me so suddenly that I had been completely taken by sur prise. No time had been given me to reflect and I was consequently taken at a disadvantage. Now however that my attention was no longer distracted, I reasoned the matter with myself, and soon decided upon the course to take. Without the slightest hesitation I walked into the room in which the sounds had been last heard. Nothing was to be seen, although I looked carefully around. To tell the truth I did not expect to sec anything, for I had Been nothing pass me on the stairs. I waited for a few minutes, expecting the Bound of footsteps to be resumed. Ab they were not, I determined to satisfy my self in regard to the door. Down stairs I went, and again examined it. Although I used all my strength I could not draw back either the catch of the door, or either of the bolts, whilst as a proof that no key had been used, there were thick cobwebs over the keyhole. I was still standing pondering over the matter, and trying, though unsuccessfully, to find some solution for it, when once more I heard the footsteps in the room above. This time, thought I, if there is anything coming down I will stop it or it shall go through or over me. I went leisurely up the stairs and took my position on the stair next below the landing half way .up, whew there waa a turn or traverse. The steps were descending, and, determined to test the matter unmistakably, I laid hold of the banisters with one hand, whilst with the other I touched the wall, thus entirely barring the way. Down came the footstepB, when within three stairs of the landing, I thought I saw the shadowy form of a man. Tbis became more distinct as it neared me, until when the step reached the landing just one stair above where I stood, I saw plainly and unmistakably a male figure. It was that of a man rather beyond middle age. His dark hair, thickly grizzled, hung in heavy massive curls from his head, almoBt on to his shoulders. His dress appeared to be a blue jacket, with a dark vest and black trou sers. His white shirt was unbuttoned at the throat, with a red and yellow silk handkerchief hanging loosely in a tutor's knot round the neck. The face was deadly pale, and the mouth was compressed, and the teeth clenched in fierce determination. The eyes, though bright and glaring, were utterly meaningless ; there was no expression at all in them, but they were fixed on me with a dull stony Btare, much more difficult to encounter than would have been an expression of passion of any kind. All this I took in at a glance, as the two last stairs were descended, for there was no cessation. As it reached the landing the figure turned to continue its descent, and then I met it face to face, and almoBt touching me. That dead, dull, meaningless stare was more than I could bear, and with a gesture of aversion I put up my hand to keep the horrible spectre off me. My hand met with no resistance but seemed to pass clean through the object before me, and touched tbe wall behind it, and I also seemed to go through it, as the steps Bounded on the stair on which I was standing, and the spectre passed from my sight leaving me again with that deadly chill that I had previously experienced. For an instant a feeling of intense horror and dis gust overcame me. By a violent effort, however, I once more obtained command over myself turned myself round and looked towards where the footsteps now sounded on the lowest stair. Nothing, however, was to be seen, and nothing more did I see though I heard the step in the hall, heard the key applied and the locked turned, and heard the door opened and after wards closed with a slam. Only by a strong exercise of will did I save myself from fainting. My legs re fused their office and I was fain to sit down on the stair until I bad in some measure recovered myself. A few minutes sufficed for this, and then I rejoined my friend, whom I found outside. He was still on watch where I had last seen him, had never taken his eyes off the door, and affirmed positively that it had neither opened nor shut. I told him all I had seen, but thiR only made him the more anxious to take his turn of watching. The next evening he waa early on the ground, and with me carefully examined every comer and crevice, more particularly the door. I left him in high spirit*, but, after waiting till 1 o'clock, and finding he did not return I went to look for him. Lucky it was that I did so, for I found him in the passage writhing in a fit, and it was only by the greatest difficulty he was restored to consciousness, and some months before he regained perfect health. Though I often asked him as to what he had seen, I could never get him to say a word upon the subject. 'Andnow,' said Tom, 'there you have the whole story just as I received it myself.' ' And what was the ghost 5' asked one. ' That I cannot say,' answered Tom. 'Did you never find out what it was that made him behave in this unhandsome manner?' ' I did not, though I tried my beat,' replied Tom. ' But he ought to have been murdered and come to denounce his murderers ; or he ought to have com mitted some frightful crime and charged your friend with setting it right — that's the real orthodox ghost business, you know, and your ghost was nothing but a paltry swindler,' put in Frank Jackson. '1 endeavoured to trace up the history of the liouBe,' apologised Tom, 'but though many of those I addressed shook their head and looked wise, none could give any reason for the spectral vision.' 'Now, I'll tell you what it is,' said Frank. 'I should like to see these fellows who say they've seen ghosts, put into a witness-box, and sworn to tell the truth and the whole truth,' (Frank was a callow fledgeling of the bar), ' and then to undergo a sharp crosB-examination by some shrewd counsel. That would knock tbeir yams into smithereens, I fancy.' ' Our Australian ghosts have stood that test !' said Jack Martin. ' Gammon !' was Frank's reply. ' You call yourself a lawyer, and don't know the celebrated ghost case, where the ghost was sworn to in court, and the prisoner convicted and sentenced to death on the strength of it. And more than that the chap was hanged, having first confessed his guilt,' rattled out Jack, triumphantly. ' Nonsense, now. That won't do 1' cried Frank, scornfully. ' And will you tell me, now, that you never heard of Fisher's ghost ?' questioned Jack. ' Now yon mention it, I have heard allusion made to it. Do you know the circumstances i ' asksd Frank. ' I do,' responded Jack, ' and as it's a queer kind of yam, I don't mind if I tell it yon, and I can't find a better title for the yam than the old one of FISHER'S GHOST. Fisher was a well-to-do farmer, who lived for many years in the neighbourhood of Campbelltown. He had originally been transported to the colony, but had served out his time and so became a free man. By dint of unceasing toil, unflagging industry, and great steadiness of character, he had amassed a very large amount of property for a person in his station of life. TTic lands and stock were worth at the very lowest esti mate a round sum of about four thousand pounds. He was unmarried, and was no longer a young man, being about forty-five years of age. He was a man of very singular habits and of great eccentricity of character, and no one who knew him was very greatly astonished, when suddenly he disappeared, and one of his neighbours, a man named Smith, gave out to all inquiries that he had gone to England, where it was his intention to remain for two or three years and then to return to the colony. In proof of the correct ness of his statement, Smith produced a power of attorney, purporting to have been executed by Fisher, by which Smith was appointed to act in every way as the lawful agent of the other. Smith accordingly took possession of the property, farm-stock, and every thing, and proceeded to deal with them exactly as if they were his own. People wondered for a time, but Fisher was sueh a strange character that this sudden departure without bidding 'good bye ' to any one was declared to be 'just like him' rather than any thing uncommon, and the whole matter was very soon forgotten. About six months after Fisher's disappearance, a man named Ben Weir, a small farmer, who also resided near Campbelltown, and who had been a neigh bour and a close aquaintance to Fisher, was returning one night from Sydney, to which city he had been to market. He was only in a small way, and always drove bis own cart and looked after his own business. Weir, though a comparatively steady man, always had his glass or two whilBt in Sydney, and perhaps a couple more on the road home. On this occasion he had .taken rather more than hiB ordinary allowance, and though not absolutely drunk was rather the worse, or as he declared the better, for liquor. When passing by the boundary fence of Fisher's land, which abutted on the main road, . he was rather staggered at seeing the man, whom he and every one else believed to be in England, sitting on the top rail of the paddock fence. The night was dark, and the distance from the middle of the road, along which the cart was passing, to the fence was a good twelve yards. He might therefore be deceived, but there was Fisher's counterpart as plain as he had ever seen him in his life. He pulled up his horse, took another look to make sure, and then called out ' Fisher, be that thee ? When did'st ta* coom back ?' No answer WaB returned, but there sat the figure on the rail, in the exact counterpart of the friend with whom he had been upon such intimate terms, looking upon him. with melancholy earnest eyes. Weir was not wanting in courage. The idea of a ghost never for a moment entered his head, so he at once jumped off his cart and walked towards the rail, to see, as he Baid, 'What was oop.' Before he reached the spot, the figure disappeared from his sight, though not before he had noticed that Fisher was in hiB shirt sleeves, with his arms folded across his chest — just in the attitude in which he had seen him sitting dozens of times before, when waiting for any one he was expecting up the road. The only thing unusual about the matter, apart from the sudden dis appearance, was, that Fisher appeared to have a frightful wound along- the forehead, from which the blood seemed to be freshly flowing. ' Wull,' said Ben to himself aB he scratched his head, for his rather obtuse intellect was not capable of taking in the whole affair at once, 'this be a queer business, surely !' So to make sure of the exact spot, he broke down several branches from a sapling that stood nearest to the fence, and then mounting his cart in ?ourse of time reached home. Of course he had not been long there before he told ' 't'ould wumman, 'au aboot it.' She knowing Ben's marketing habits, and fancying that he had indulged more freely than usual, endeavoured to persuade him that the liquor being in the wit had been out, and that under the inspiration of rum he had imagined the ghost. The more his wife talked the more positive Ben became, but at her pressing instance he refrained from mentioning to anybody that he hud seen Fisher's ghost, for, said his wife, 'if *»' -*®e8- folk'U «t ta. and tak' thee Air a gommell !' Ben was by no means satisfied,! and next week when he went to market, in the same cart, and with the same old horse, he purposely refrained, whilst in Sydney or on the road, from taking a single drop of liquor. It was on a Thursday night, and on approach ing the spot where he had seen Fisher on the former occasion, there he saw the appearance again, seated on the same rail, dressed in the same manner, and showing the same gaping and bleeding wound. Obtuse as were poor Ben's intellects, and high as was his courage, tbis second appearance spoke home to the one and was too much for die other, and without dar ing to approach or to speak to the spectre, he whipped on the old horse and made the best of his way home. ' Coom hither, lass,' said he to his wife when he had reached home, ' dost ta' ca* me drunk the night?' Betty was obliged to confess that he was perfectly Eober ; but, when he related that he had again seen Fisher, and under precisely similar circumstances to those of the former night, she wouldn't believe a word of the whole matter, and again insisted that he had been deceived, and that his fancy had been playing tricks with him. This time, however, Ben was not to be persuaded but made up his mind to state all he had seen to Mr. Grafton, formerly a lieutenant in the navy and now a settler and a magistrate of the territory, residing about a mile away. Determined to lose no time, Ben went at once to Mr. Grafton's house, and found that gentleman about to retire to rest. Without circumlocution he at once told him what he had Been, and also what he surmised. Mr. Grafton was at first disposed to think with ' t'ould lass' that it had been an extra glass or two of gTog that had raised the ghost ; but afterwards he became impressed with the man's manner, his evident sincerity, and firm belief in what he had 6een. ' Come to me,' he said, ' to-morrow at sunrise, and we will go together and inspect the place where you say you saw the ghoBt.' On the following morning, Mr. Grafton was pre pared at daylight to accompany old Ben Weir. He had summoned to his aid the services of Gilbert, the chief of a small tribe of aboriginals that happened at that time to be camping on his property. Gilbert had already made himself famous by his skill in the art of tracking ; and only just a short time previously had been instrumental in apprehending several despe rate bushrangers. Thete men he had tracked over thirty miles of rocky country which they had passed over barefooted in their attempt to baffle his pursuit, and he had brought the police directly and unex pectedly upon them. The party, consisting of Mr. Grafton, Weir, Gilbert, and one or two of his aboriginal subjects, set out soon after daylight, Weir leading the way. The vithered leaves of the branches he had broken from the sapling on the first night of his seeing the ghost unmistakably marked the spot, and he at once showed the precise rail upon which he had seen the phantom sitting. On examin ing this rail stuns were found on it. They were shown to Gilbert, who had then no idea of what he was required for, and he, after a very brief survey, pronounced them to be ' blood belonging to white feller.' He was then asked to look about for tracks, and after search ing about for some time, he pointed to a spot whereon, he said, a human body had been laid. As you are aware, and as many of us know to our cost, long droughts are unfortunately not so uncom mon as we would wish them to be ; and during this year it had strangely happened that for a period of seven months not a single drop of rain had fallen upon the earth. The tracks therefore had not been obliterated as they otherwise would have been. Still, owing to the length of time that had dapsed, Gilbert had many difficulties to contend against, these only made him the more energetic, and strange to relate, in the coune of only about two hours, he succeeded in tracking the footsteps of a man, step by step, from the fence to a water-hole at some distance off in an un frequented part of the paddock. He gave it as his opinion that this man, whose steps he had tracked, had partly carried, partly dragged the body of an other man with him to the water-hole. Round and round the water-hole walked the black eagerly exam ining its borders, and trying with prying eyes to read amongst the sedges and weeds that grew around it the secret of what its waters concealed. For a long time he seemed baffled. Nothing had been washed ashore, no clew was to be found amongst the reeds and grass of the borders, to show that there was any thing more than common below the surface of the pond. Gaining nothing by this examination, he next laid himself down on his face and looked long and keenly along every portion of the smooth unruffled surface of the water. Presently he jumped up, uttered aery peculiar to the natives when gratified by finding some long sought object, clapped his hands in glee, and pointing to the middle of the pond, to where the decomposition of some sunken substance had produced a slimy coating streaked with prismatic colours, he exclaimed ' white fellow's fat.' The water hole was thereupon searched by the blacks and immediately below the spot indicated, the body of a man was discovered ; near it were also found a large stone and a silk handkerchief, evidently the means by which the body had been kept below the surface. That it was the body of Fisher there could be no doubt. It might have been identified by personal marks, but on the waiBtcoat were some large buttons that were instantly recognised as those which had been worn by Fisher for several years. Leaving tbe body by the side of the water- hole, witlrold Ben and the black to keep watch over it, Mr. Grafton cantered over to Fisher's house, in which Smith was living. Under pretence of taking Smith to Bee a piece of land that Mr. Grafton was anxious to purchase, that gentleman induced Smith to accompany him. Then bringing liim down unexpectedly to the water-hole, He confronted him with the decomposed remains just before drawn out of the water. 'Look hero!' said Mr. Grafton, pointing to the body, and at the same time fixing a scrutinising look upon Smith's countenance. 'These are the remains of Fisher. How do you account for their being found in the pond?' With the greatest coolness, Smith got off his horse, minutely examined the remains, and then admitted that they were undoubtedly those of Fisher. He con fessed himself at a loss to account for this discovery in that place, unless perhaps it might be that some body had waylaid him, and murdered him for the gold and notes that he had about him to take with him to England. Having done this, the pond would be the nearest place to dispose of the corpse, 'My hands,' he concluded, ' are clean, thank Heaven! And if my poor old friend could come to life again, he would tell you that I had no hand in this horrible murder.' The man's manner was so earnest, Bo ingenuous, that Mr. Grafton was staggered. The story of the ghost was a fer fetched and an improbable one, and as he looked upon Smith, and noted the concern that was painted on his countenance, a concern that went just far enough to be natural and having in it none of that over acting of grief, that profuse declaration of innocence that the guilty too often commit the mis take of feigning, he began to ask himself whether, after all, Smith might not be innocent, and old Weir the guilty person. The latter might have committed the crime, and then, finding it weigh heavily on his conscience, and dreading discovery, might have invented thi6 story of the ghost in order that it might be supposed that he had been led to the spot by supematural agency alone. He might have imagined that, by thus voluntarily bringing the murder to light, he would escape from suspicion. In opposition to this view of the case, there was the fact that Weir benefited in no way by Fisher's death, and there was also his good character, his kind disposition, and thouel' uUI least his dull inuUect, which seemed to forbid the exercise on his part of so ™Ucli imagina tion as would be required for the conooction of such a talc as he had narrated. These all operated strongly in favour of the presumption of Weir's innocence ; but though appearances were consequently strong .against Smith, owing to the circumstance of his benefiting so largely by Fisher's death, Mr. Grafton was by no means satisfied of his guilt, tnougn ne icu 11 iu ue uis uucy LU oruer mm into custody, on suspicion of the murder. An inquest was held, and, in addition to Weir and Mr. Grafton, Fisher's servants were examined. These aU declared that their master had often talked of going to England on a visit to his friends, aud of leaving Smith to manage his farm ; and that, although they were surprised when Mr. Smith came and told them that the old man had ' gone at last,' they did not from his known ' queer ways ' think it at all un likely he had done so. A verdict of wilful murder ?was returned by the coroner's jury against Thomas Smith, and he was committed for trial. I need not say that the case excited a considerable amount of interest, or that when the day of trial came the court was crowded to suffocation. The jury was composed of military officers, for in those days the colony had none of those institutions which have since been one by one conceded to her. It might therefore be fairly assumed that the jury was not only an intelligent one but that it was one not likely to readily receive the ghost story, unless the jurors had reason to believe its correctness. The Attorney-General, in opening the ; case, called attention to the peculiar circumstances connected with the case, and frankly admitted that they were without precedent in the annals of juris prudence. The only witnesses called were Mr. Grafton and Weir, and these stated the circumstances that I have just narrated. Smith defended himself ?with the utmost composure and with considerable ability, and cross-examined the witnesses at great length, and with consummate skill. The prosecution being closed, Smith addressed the jury in his defence, admitting frankly at the outset that - appearances ?were rather strong against him j but with the greatest ingenuity he proceeded to explain away all those points in the evidence that were calculated to tell against him. The-power-of attorney which he pro duced had, he contended, been regularly signed by Fisher, and he afterwards called several witnesses who swore that they believed the signature to'be that of the deceased. Ho further produced a will which had been drawn up by Fisher's attorney, and by that will Fisher had appointed Smith his sole executor in ♦Tip event of his dfath, He declined, he said, to throw any suspicion onWeir, but he would appeal to the common sense of the jury whether the ghost story that had been concocted was entitled to even the smallest degree of credit, and if it were not, then as plain, sensible men, let them ask themselves why it had been invented r He alluded to the fact which he had drawn from Mr. Grafton in his cross- examination, that when the remains were first shown to him he did not in any way conduct himself as a guilty man would have been likely to do, although he confessed that he had been horror struck on beholding the hideous spectacle of the disfigured corpse of his old friend, and at learning the untimely and awful fate that he had ?mM TTa ft/mrtliiflod tiv A Crtlomn intrAAatinn +--» +lia Almighty to bear witness that he was inno sent of the diabolical crime for which he had been arraigned. The late Sir Francis Forbes was the judge who tried the case, and in commenting upon the evidence acknowledged that it was no easy matter to deal with that part of it which had reference to the apparition. On the whole, his charge, if it had a leaning either way, was decidedly in favourofaii acquittal. The jury found Smith guilty of the murder, but only after deliberating for seven hours. The prisoner was sentenced to be hanged on the following Monday, no hope of mercy being held out to him, and I may tell you that in those days there was very little ceremony over a hanging more or less, and when sentence of death was passed it was pretty well sure to be carried into effect. There were then no philanthropists to get up petitions— no politi eal induen '6 ' to bring to bear upon the Executive. Senten :e was passed on him on a Thursday night, and up to the Sunday, Smith continued to declare his innocence. On that day, however, a change came over him, and he expressed a wish to see a clergyman. His wish was instantly complied with, and on a minister attending him, he voluntarily confessed that he, and ? he alone, had committed the murder ; and that it was upon the very rail where. Weir swore in court that he had seen Fisher's ghost sitting, that he had come upon tlie murdered man unawares, and knocked out his brains with a tomahawk. . The power-of-attorney from Fisher to himself he also confessed to be a forgery, though he solemnly declared the will to be genuine. He was hanged on the following day, truly peniten for: his crime ; and Fisher's ghost was probably satisfied at having pursued the murderer to justice and,'having secured a hallowed resting-place for the remains of its former earthly tenement. I imagine that it was so, for it has never been seen sincc. ' So that you flee,'.' said Jack in conclusion, ' that, to use a remark that you won't 1 know suspect to be origin^, there are more things in heaven and earth, than are dream't of in our philosophy !' 'Bravo, Jack,' shouted Harry Buckley, '.that's a stunning yam, and a most appropriate sentiment.' ' I really believe,' said Gus Dashwood, who had hitherto been a rather quiet listener to what liad gone on, ' that you will hardly find a man who has not at some period of his existence met with some peculiar and strange, not to say mysterious, circumstance, that he is utterly unable to account for upon anything like reasonable grounds.' ' And will you tell me that iu your leugthcned experience, which must range over something like the extended period of a quarter of a century, yo* have met such a circumstance?' asked Frank with a laugh. ' You shall hear. I have never spoken of the matter except once before, but now I Trill make a clean breast,' answered Gus. ' Bravo ! Silenoe for Guss' ghost! What do you call it ?' said several voices. ' I have never thought of giving it a name, but per haps the best title will be—' THE AUSTRALIA!* BANSHEE. 'I was going now some four years ago from Singleton to the Page. You recollect Bob Jackson, who used to go to the old King's School, don't you ?' ' Yes, to be sure !' answered several of, the old scholars, whilst one added. 41 lie was drowned wasn't he ?' i ' He was !' continued Gus, gloomily, ' and It is in connection with his death that the strange circum stance I am about to relate occurred. He was going to his father's station on New England, and meeting him in Singleton we agreed to travel together as far as the Page. We crossed the river, and though there was a little fresh coming down, the water was barely up to the horses' girths ; we had got some seven miles from the river, and had just past the old sheep station hut that stood so long ruined and deserted. You know the kind of country it is there, fine open forest and level ground, in which you may see and recognise a beast at half a mile distant. Just a nice clear apple-tree country without a bit of undergrowth large enough to shelter & bandycoot. We were riding steadily along, laughing and joking and thinking of anything but supernatural appearances, when suddenly we heard the most piercing shrieks from the bush on our right. Wc both turned in that direction instantly, and what was our astonishment when wc saw a woman rushing wildly through the bush, her dress in disorder, her hair hanging down all dis hevelled upon her shoulders, traces of blood upon her hands, arms, and face, and uttering the frightful screams that had drawn our attention to her as she wrung her hands in what seemed to be the intensity of agony. We looked at each other, and I don't know what feeling it was that prevented mc from uttering * word or from rushing forward. The woman how ever cauio on with astounding rapidity, and, as we turned our eyes upon her again, she crossed the road, without taking the olightcet notice of us, and rushed into the bush on our left, still continuing her pieu-ing cries and frantic actions. By this time Bob, who wis : the first to recover himself shouted after her. She gave , no heed to his cries, but continued her wild career. We then looked round to sec if she was pursued, but nothing was to be seen in the direction whence she had come. When we again turned towards where we had last seen the woman she was no longer in sight, and the shrieks had ceased. ' Well, this is a rum start !' said Bob. ' It certainly is yery strange !' I assented. ' Do you think any body has been ill using the woman ? ' he suggested. ' Seeing the way she can cut along,' I replied, ' I don't think they'd have a chance of catching her.' ' What do you think about it, Gus?' he asked. ' I don't know what to thing, Bob !' for somehow I couldn't persuade myself that the thing was real. ' I believe that we have been deceived in some way !' ' Deceived ! nonsense!' he answered, ' that would be well enough if there had been only one of us. Bui we both saw her, and two people don't make a mis take.'*' ' Don't be too sure of that. I tell you Bob that I don't believe that we have seen anything !' ' But we heard the shrieks !' he added. 'They may have been fancied.' HUT! ? .1__» - ,™, «.„?» -.U mn fnr n,,,.| However, whether or no I'll make sure about it!' and with that he dug the spurs into his horse's side, and galloped off into the bush towards where we had last seen the woman. I don't know what it was that kept me back ; a kind of feeling such as 1 had never experienced before, and which sent my hair bristling up from the .very roots, came over me when I turned in that direction. I did not follow tiim then; but sitting on my horse, I watched him as he rode along searching the ground for tracks, and dismounting in order to look more closely. He was not long away, and I noticed that he looked pale, nervous, and anxious when he joined me. ' Did you find her ?' I asked. ' No,' he answered, and his voice sank as he added, ' nor did I find any sign of her. I looked over the place where I could swear I saw her pass, but I couldn't find so much as a single track.' 'Just as I thought,' I rejoined. 'It. was some ocular deception of which we have been the victims, and ? ' ' But how about the screams ?' he asked. ' It might have been a jackass, or a curlew, or some other bird, and our fancy turned the cries into screams.' Bob shook his head but said nothing. We were not very lively on, our way to Aberdeen, but when we reached there, we halted for a quarter of an hour, to refresh ourselves and our horses. This enlivened us a bit, and we got into our old laughing and ohatting manner as we rode down to the river. About a hundred yards from the river we met a couple of travellers who had just crossed. ' Hupy on, hurry on, young fellers !' 6aid one, 'if you want to get across, for the fresh is coming down at a deuce of a rate, and it was only just as much as we could do to get over without swimming.' Thanking him for the warning we galloped down to the stream. Wo were both upon steady old horseB accustomed to the1 water, and on which you might depend your life to take you across a broader river than the Hunter at Aberdeen. We therefore did not hesitate a moment, but at once plunged in, in order, to lose no time. On the farther or northern baiik, the water is much deeper than on the side at which we entered, and I found when I neared this spot that even before I had reached what T knew to be the deepest place, my horse was swimming. The current was running very rapidly, the water like so much pea-soup, but my horse breasted it nobly. Just as I was in the strongest part of the current I turned to look at Bob. He was only five or six yards behind me, heading his horse steadily up stream and making for the landing. In a few more seconds, my horse's feet touchcd the ground, he gave a plunge or two and wc were safe on shore. I then turned to watch for Bob. His horse was making way admirably, and he was now in the very force of the current when a huge log borne down on the stream, caught broadways on across horse and rider, and in an instant both went down. Without considering the consequences to my self, I leapt my horse into the stream and swam him towards the spot where I had seen Bob go down ; but the horse must have struck him, or something else must have kept him down, for he never rose again. Had he done so, I must have seen him. It was only with the greatest difficulty that I once more regained the river bank, where I lay for some time halfsense less from exertion and excitement. As soon as I could once more move about, I gave the alarm, and before long had assistance to search for the body. It was not, however, until the fresh had subsided that the body of poor Bob was found some ten miles lower down the river. The bodies ofhorse and rider lay to gether on a mud bank, poor Bob's foot having in some inexplicable manner got entangled in the stirrup leather, and thus he and the horse had helped to drown each other. The moBt curious part of the story has yet to come, I was talking to old DobBon about Bob's death. You know he is a very old resident in that part, and is acquainted with all the in's and outs of every property and station in the district. I happened to mention - casually the circumstance of our having encountered the screaming woman. It was the first, and with this exception will be the last time that I shall speak of it. Old Dobson's red cheeks turned absolutely pale, or rather I should say a light blue colour, as I told this part of the story. 'Did you both sec her?' he asked. ' Yes,' said I. ' And did you both follow her into the bush ?' he questioned almost breathlessly and I thought trembl ingly. d: 'No,' I replied, ' I couldn't help thinking that it was some ocular deception, and so remained bn the road. Bob, however, followed her but could see nothing. He even tried to mAke out her tracks but could find none.' 'Then thank your stats, Mr. Dashwood, for if you'd followed her, your' life wouldn't have been 1 worth a week's purchase,' and with a sigh of relief, 1 he shook mc by the hand and congratulated me on my escape. 'Mr. Jackson's death is now fully accounted for. Nothing could have saved him,' and I he then mentioned the names of several persons who ! had seen this ill-omened spectre, for it was nothing else. Every one' of those who had attempted to follow and trace out the spirit had perished miserably within twenty-four hours, either by accident or violence. ' So then,' said Harry Buckley, ' when I get into the bush, I must take precious good care not to go running after the women, especially if they are given to screaming.' A general laugh greeted this sally. ' You need not be alarmed,' cried Frank, ' a sensible ghost wouldn't certainly set up a scream at your good looking face, however Gus's mustachios and beard may have frightened it.' ' He is safe,' continued Gus, 'for I have never heard of the appearance of this fatal spectre except in the vicinity of the old sheep station hut.' ' And what may have been her particular objcct in amusing herself in this way after death ?' asked another. ' Old Dobson ' told me the story. Very many years ago, the present spectre had been a very handsome, but a very dissolute and violent- tempered woman. She was married to the man, a shephord, who inhabited the now ruined and deserted hut. In one of her paroxysms of passion at an accusation made by her husband, she stabbed him to the heart. Immediately afterwards overcome by remorse and perhaps by the dread of punishment she rushed away raving into the bush. There she must have, perished miserably, for some three or four months afterwards what were supposed, by the remnants of clothing near them, to be her remains, were found torn and scattered by occasional visits to the scene of her crime and punish ment, and rushing along through the bush utters the same wild shrieks that she sent forth when alive ; but woe to the man who shall dare to follow, or attempt to trace her.' 'As a general rule,' observed Frank, ' I thhk you will find that women seem to be more restiess in their graves than men, for the greater part of the ghosts we hear of are of the softer sex.' ' And don't you know the razon for that?' put in old Con Daley, who, wonderful to relate, had sat quite silent during the whole of the conversation. He was a brisk lively old gentleman who had a smart word or a repartee for every remark, and it was quite an unusual thing not to hear his voice in any company in which he was present. 'I can't say that ever I thought over the sulject!' replied Frank. ' ' Well, then,' added Daley sententiously, ' it's because they're the greatest sinners. Ever since Eve became the first mundane delinquent, the darlin cratures have maintained the lead in that sort of thing!' There was a general laugh from the youngsters, and a universal cry of 'Oh, fie!' from the ladies who had joined our party. 'The ghosts of ladies appear only when they are ill-used to appeal to the chivalry of the other sex for redress ; but the ghosts of men, ' cried Annie Forster indignantly, 'show themselves only after having done some wrong.' 'Bravo, my little darlin,' said Daly, '-that's very nately put ; but the ladies are always ill-used if you take their word for it.' ' You are a regular libeller, Mr. Daly,' retorted Annie, ' and I should have expected better from you certainly — at your years.' This was said so archly that it brought down a general laugh. 'Faith, then,' rejoined Daly, 'I'm a better man at my years, even — than that omadhaun James Spencer that one Miss Annie Foster regards as the very moral of a man.' Here was a homethrust for poor Annie, and she at once left the field to her adversary, falling back in the direst confusion and - covered with blushes. 'But come,' he continued, when he had thus worsted his youthful foe, ' did you ever hear tell of the Black Creek ghost ?' 'No,' was repeated on all sides with a desire that the narrative should be made there and then. 'Fair and aiBy,' said Daly, ' I'd be only too happy to tell you all about it, only as you see it happens to be a ghost of the faymale spacies, and as the ladies object to being made ghosts of, I don't see how it's to be done.' ' Oh ! do, Mr. Daly !' the ladies cried unanimously. ' We know that you are too gallant to say anything derogatory to the sex.' 'Bless their darlin' little hearts! Sorraaword'U ever come out of my mouth aginst them. But as you ladies have commanded it, I must obey, of coorse. But my ghost, though a faymale is a most common place one, and sorry I am to make such a remark in reference to a lady even though it is a ghost. She don't do anything at all out of the way— she don't go walking through people, or drowning people, or getting people hanged ; and the only impropriety that can be laid to her charge is having frightened a' fewnarvous people out of a week's growth. You mustn't then expect a raal first class ghost at all.' ' Come, old fellow, tell us about your ghost, and uon i apologise wr uvr. ' Here's at it, then,' commenced Daly, ' and to begin as you've all given your ghosts a name, I shall call mine.' THE LADY WITH THE LANTERN. 'And I consider that an improvement upon the Jack o'lantern of you English boys, and our own more respectable Irish Friar Rush, for any dacent boy would sooner meet a lady, than a friar anytime, even though it was on the bogs. I hadn't been long in the colony — 'Oh, don't go back into the dark ages, Mr. Daly!' said a soft voice. ' Who was that spoke ?' asked Daly turning round. 'It waB you Miss Lizzie Jackson, I know by the wicked turn of your eye. And what can a bit of a girleen, born a6 ye may say only yesterday, know about the dark ages ? Only wait till ye're a grand father and sec. if I don't let you know something. But don't interrupt the spaker and let me get on. I was a smart slip of a boy in them times, and I'd been for twelve months overseer to — well, never mind names on New England. I was going down to Sydney, and an accident to my horse compelled me to stop for the night at Black Creek. It wasn't Black Creek at all, however,, for I'd gone through the township, and pulled up at Anvil Creek where an inn hadn't been long built. Well, I had my supper, lit my dudheen, and took a walk out into the front to enjoy my smoke in the open air. Backwards and forwards I walked, just thinking of nothing at all except wishing I hadn't been bailed up in that lonely place where there wasn't a dacent person to spake to except the landlord and he was away. I'd walked nearly down . to the road- way, and the inn stands a good piece back off it, when right foniinst me coming along the road I see a light, swinging about like as if it was in a lantern. It wasn't a bright night, for there were heavy clouds threatening a thunderstorm ; but I fancied, and trust the eye of an Irishman for finding it out, I fancied I see the glint of something white like a, petticoat behind the lantern. There was a bit of luck I hadn't reckoned upon, coming in the shape of a dacent little native girl, and let me tell you that next after the darlin crayturs in my own province of Connaught there's no girlB like the Hunter River girls, barrin' it may be the Hawkesbury cornflowers ? '? 'And the Sydney rosebuds?' questioned the 1 ladies. ' Och, they're the divil entirely for bothering a poor fellow's brains. But that's nayther here nor there. When I caught the sight of the petticoat ye may depend that I wasn't long in walking down on to the road, and sauntering to where I saw the light coming, just as if I didn't see it at all and was just walking along promiscous like. I went about fifty yards when I came to a bridge or what they call a culvert, that carried the road over a bit of a creek that runs into Anvil Creek, and comes down with no end of a rush after a thunderstorm, or a heavy shower. JuBt as I got to one end of the bridge, the light got to the other and then I saw at the end of the lantern as pretty a Blip of a girl aB ever I'd wish to set eyes on, clane made as a mountain goat, her black hair hang ing in long glossy ringlets on her shoulders. She looked a trifle pale, bat that might have been the light and the clouds and the roads, and altogether. ?When she got to the bridge, she stopped and began looking about on the ground, houlding the lantern down so'that she might see the better. There was just the chance I wanted* to scrape acquaintance, so over the bridge I wint, and coming up alongside of the girleen says I, ' What is it you've lost, my darlin?' Ne'er a word she answered me, and she didn't even look up, as if she'd heard me. Perhaps thought 1, the poor girl's frightened at being met by a lump of a hoy alone on the road, so I said, ' Dont be alarmed, my darlin. You haven't anything to fear from me, and if you've lost anything I'll help ye to find it wid all the pleasure in life ;' still not a word, and she went on looking and looking about, as if I hadn't been there at all. « Well,' said I, ? its only manners to answer a civil question ; and ye might have said, ? Thank'ye sir, or go to the divil, or any other civil answer.' Not a word, or a turn of the head,' but always the same eager searching. * Bedad,' thought I, at last, ' I have it, the poor craytur's deaf or she's an inn«cent. Here goes to try !' With that I put out my hand with the intention of laying hoalt of her by the aim, not with any improper idea, but only to let her know if she was deaf that there was somebody there, when she made a sudden spring to the end ef the bridge, raised the lantern high up into the air with one hand, and with the other pointed down to the opening under the roadway, and at the sametime turned upon me a face upon which was marked such mingled horfo# and hopeless misery as I shall never forget if I live to be as ould as Mathuseley. I also went with one bound to the spot, looked down at the place indicated by the pointing finger, and could see — nothing. One look was sufficient to satisfy me of that, and I turned round to tell her so, when you may fancy I was a bit staggered at finding no. traces of either girl or lantern. There was no place where she could have hid, for each side of the roadway was clear for a good distance ; and her white dress could have been seen, even if she'd blown out her lantern. I listened, but I couldn't even hear the .rustle of her clothes, and some of you young chaps I dare say can tell by experience how far a colleen may be traced by that. However there I was, all alone and no sign of the little famale fanomenon that wouldn't spake when she had a chance. ' Well,' said I, to myself; ' there's better fish in the say than ever was caught ; and I'm not going to bother my head about a girleen that takes herself off in that indelicate manner, after making a fool of me into the bargain.' So back I went to the inn, consoled myself with a drop of whiskey, and got into a bit of a collogue with the landlady. ' Who is there living in these parts?' says I. ' Well,' she answered, ' there ain't nobody between us and the village. Mickey Nowlan's widow, with her darter, used to live in the empty cottage that you sec atween here and the village, with all the garden overgrown. But she left very soon after her darter died.' ' I'd have thought some one had been living close by, seeing that slip of a girl poking about the road, with a lantern in her fist, as if she'd lost a pound note and meant to find it.' The landlady stopped me with ? 'That's her!' ' What her r' I asked. 1 ' Biddy Nowlan — she that died. And did you see her 5' ' I don't know about seeing the girl that died, but I met a nate, good- looking, black-haired colleen, searching about the bridge with a lantern.' 'That was her, I tell you. There's a many that's seen her, though more often its only the light of the lantern that's seen. She don't do no harm, bless you ; quite the other way, for whenever she's seen its always a sign there'll be a flood, and when the water's up in the creek her lantern's always moving about at the end of the bridge to guide travellers safe across.' ' That's dacent, anyway. And may I ax you, Mrs. Butts, how it was that she came to make a ghost of herself r' ' She was engaged to be married to Phil Ryan, an overseer at Duguid's, and they were only about a month off the day. Phil used to come up and see her of evenings, and one night that he had promised particularly to bring her over something or other, I forget what, a heavy thunder storm came on, the creeks all run down bank high, and regular rainy weather set in for the night. Poor Biddy knew that Phil would come, in spite of all the rain and floods, and so out she went with a lantern to be a guide to him at the bridge. When she reached there she found tbat it was so covered with water that the roadway was not risible. She called and called, but received no answer, and after waiting up to the time when he might be cxpected, if he was coming at all, she went home. Some uneasiness, for which she could not account, .would not allow her to sleep, so just before daylight she once morelighted her lantern and went out. This here creek,' and the landlady pointed her short fat hand down to the bridge, ' comes down flooded half an hour after rain begins, but it goes down just as soon after the rain stops. The morning was fine and clear, the Tain was all off, and the creek was down so that there was only 1 just a narrow bit of a stream running in the centre of it. Looking for she didn't know what, and led on by some awful presentiment of evil, she searched the ground, until reaching the bridge, she found her lover's body lying cold and dead, half drawn unaer the bridge which had caught it, and had at least prevented its being swept away to where it might have been long before it was discovered, Of course she screamcd and fainted on the body, and there she lay until found by some of the earliest passers by. She never spoke again, and though everything that cojild be done for her was done, by her mother and us ' women, she died on the day that Phil's body was buried. Ever since then she's been seen down at the bridge whenever there's bad weather coming on, and as you've seen her to-night you may depend upon it that there'll be a flood in the creek before morning.' And was there a flood, Mr. Daly?' asked one of the ladies. 'Sure enough there was, and a rare one too, by the same token, that I had to pass another day at the Inn, aB the coach was unable to get along from Singleton.' 'And the lantern, did you see that again?' ques tioned Frank. ' What would I care about a lantern when there was only a ghost at the end of it?' answered Doily, ' Come now, Mr. Daly, on the virtue of your oath,' and here Frank assumed the orthodox forensic attitude, tone and manner, ' do you mean to tell ub that you, a young Irishman, gave up the lantern and the possi bility of its being carried by a hand of flesh and blood, in thBt craven manner ?' ' Well then,' and Daly gave an irresistibly comic look all round, ' as its put to me that a way, I won't Bay but what I may have looked out at night for the lantern in the hope of finding a warm little hand hold ing a grip of it.' ' And now, sir, answer mc, yes or no, did you find it?' ' I'll tell ye, by-in-bye, for see there's the mistress making signs to us to go in to tay, and we'll all get into disgrace if we get pothering about and disturbing the family arrangements.' And Daly escaped into' the house, whither we at once followed him. And thus our seance was broken up. 