LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, DENILIQUIN. OPFOKrmnrr was. taken of the presence of his Honor Judge Francis in the town, to invite him to lay the foundation-stone of the Episcopalian Church in coarse of-erection at DenQiquin. Tuesday last was the day fixed for the ceremony, and at four • o'clock iihe neighboifhodd of 'the ate presented an animated appearance. A covjered stage was tempo- : rarily erected for tbe occasion land a show of bunting set off the otherwise sombre structure. The mem- , bers of the Loyal True Briton Lodge of Oddfellow's attended, by invitation,' in full regalia, and their . magnificent banner,; which floated over the stone, was with its motto and design exceedingly appropriate to the occasion.!•' The band under Mr. S. K. Miller inspirited the iscene with lively sirs, and served to give general notice of the important event , that was about to take iplace. : A few minutes afiier four o'clock the choir, accompanied by theharmoninm, commenced the proceed- , jugs by. among five verses from the 84th psalm, which was followed by the Rev. S. S. Harpur reading ExoduB xxv, 1, 2, 8'; and xxxv, 4, 5, 20, 21; 1 Chronicles xxix, 4 8, 9; also special collects and ; prayers. \ Mr. Judge France then laid tbe foundation-stone • with the following declaration:—"Forasmuch ss Almighty God accosted the purpose of His servants David and Solomon to huild His temple at Jerusalem, and. nothing doubting imt that He favorably alloweth this charitable work of ours to build a house to His gloiy, L therefore^ oil, behalf of His church and ; i people, laythis stone of a church, to bear the name of St. Paul's church, tpi the honor and glory of the Holy, Eternal, and Undivided Trinity, the Father, the Skra and the Holy Ghost. Amen." The, people responded and, said, " And may the glorious -majfesty of thp Lo^d our God be upon us. ;Prosperthou the work of our hands upon us; oh prosper thpu oarhalndiwork." . The Te Deum Was then chanted by the choir. Mr. T. B. -CAl^B,|phiirehwaiden, in begging his Honor's acceptance | of the trowel, concluded some appropriate remarks by saying that as inthe church all ihingswerepurp,jjp hadTihey had; the trowel, • made of pure sflv^ «fchout;alldy, as typical of the pimty'^Christ's chnijph. --!'•; j Hjs Hotter very ;. . jlyfexprefcsed thegratifica-: :tionbe/experienced infji og permitted'to join in one <ti the mcet SolemhV ' i that a Christian could enter 'Into; lie was to' the Father who con-; descended to bejil nt-where two or three were' gnwinrai MjgDuuerifli i name, in being permitted to take ... part in this ., y bt'woikii and he could 'assure them that he shfiSil prise tin trowel highly• in memory oftftis gtortons work. i V : i Mr. fU>BKBTO0S,j churchwarden, then read the followxngcopypf tM sgroll that was placed tinder Inthe IfiooeWiM [•Monk,: Bebert3)ih^ll Anfafieeb^i Builder—Mr.Johfa/ wCJedtof^heWprk ~ On° tfab' 13(h day of one&ouMuddght; t»e«^r-ninth yesref - Thomas, D.D., Lord Bishop fcRev. Sanmel SheridanHarpqr bblin, Incumbent of the Pariah: toftKajCftfiroh ae, Bift.^P. ; . iD.,J.r. VChmrdnoardetu. ith utd Walk, Melbourne/ | 1 or, I>emliqmn-: I Ja».|Au«ten Power, v ; I ,in theyear of our Lord led 4nd dxtv-sii, and in th^ rarn W our Host Gracious lla- 