SUNDAY READINGS. ? THE ROSARY OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY. When a Protestant stands for the first time in a Catholic church, one can suppose how many things there must be to excite his wonder. He is at no loss what to think of the public ceremonial before him : the candles and the incense, the splendid dresses, and repeated genuflexions of the priest, have all from childhood been stamped on his mind as' the mum meries of a lifeless superstition. These ceremonies, wTiinii nlflase and amuse the eye, he may think, are the things which tempt Catholics to forget how little real benefit to the soul is derived from an outward form! Yet this is not all which is new and strange to him : there is much in tlie manner of the people themselves which cannot fail to strike him, in their attachment to this empty ceremonial worship and the extreme devotion the* exhibit in practices, to him the most unmeaning of all. For instance, if he looks through the kneeling congregation, he will probably see in many hands a 1 little string of beads, which he knows is called a Rosary ; and remembering to have heard the Catholics are accustomed to say certain very short prayers over and over -again, as they touch each of these bead3, he may repeat to himself the warning against vain repetitions, and class the Rosary among the unscrip tural corruptions of Rome. Yet' if is surelv strange that 'vain repetitions' are in general so devoutly said. It may - be readily seen in Protestant churches1 how little power the English Liturgy has to keep alive a wandering attention, even though said in our own native tongue,, and with all the additional impressiveness of tone and manner. These prayers, we are told, are precious to those who would worship, not with the lips only, but in spirit and in truth. And yet they are listened to without response by congrega tions .who forget to kneel, and find time to be tired with a service, which they tell us is so impressive and so dear to them. It is, we repeat strange that a spiritual worship should be attended to so care lesslv; while all the marks of a deep and true devotion are to be found with those who utter an ?unmeaning form. But is the Rosary such ? This is what we are now going to consider. Before we condemn a devotion so dear to many of God's saints, and they not common ignorant people who could not read, and so might be glad of a method of praying without a book; but many of them very learned men, it may be well to know a little more about it. Now, I suppose the idea which a Protestant gene rally attaches to ' telling the beads,' as it is called, is simply this : that there are a certain number of Latin prayers to be repeated over and over again as rapidly as one can count them off, without any particular intention in saying them, the prayers themselves being destitute of any real devotion, and mostly addressed to the Blessed Virgin. In short, he thinks it a mere exercise of the lips, in which we think ' to be heard for our much speaking,' but one in which it is wholly impossible that the heart ' can ever join. This, like most mistaken opinions, has in: it a mixture of truth. The prayers are, for the most part, addressed to our Lady, and very frequently repeated, and the number of them is indicated by the number of the beads ; and if the mere formal repetition of ten, twenty, or fifty of these prayers made up the devotion of the Rosary, Protestants might have some excuse for calling it an unprofitable exercise. But that this is very far from being the case, I think 1 shall be able to shew you. The mere utterance of certain prayers constitutes but a small part of the use of the beads. It is by no means an easy thing to say the Rosary well ; but we may safely affirm, that any one who can do so has little more to learn in the science of devotion. Now as to the prayers of which it is composed, they are as perhapse you already know, a certain number of 'Our Fathers' and 'Hail Marys,' which' are said by us to obtain blessings from God through the intercession of our Lady, and in honour of the, -Incarnation of Jesus Christ. But besides these sprayers; we are given fifteen meditations ; that is to say, fifteen subjects which we are directed to think', about and make real to our minds; and ? whilst ab meditating on each subject, we have to say one !' Our Father,' ten 'Hail Marys,' and one 'Glory be to the Father,' &c.; These meditations are called Mysteries ; they are mostly taken from the history of our Lord's life, passion, and resurrec tion, and are themselves divided into three distinct parts* ; The Church, in contemplating these different mysteries, delights to do so by associating herself in Bympathy with her who loved our Lord best, and waa nearest to Him, His blessed Mother. The first five are -called the 'joyful mysteries,' because they refer? exclusively to that season so joyful to Mary, and ,to the Church with her, when God was born into the world as a little child, and spent His divine infancy among men. They consist of the Annuncia tion, when the angel Gabriel first brought the glad tidings to Mary that she was to be the Mother of God j;j the Visitation, when she went to see her JDUBin',' St. Elizabeth, and sung h«r song of rejoicing as she beheld the first fruits of the Incarnation in the sanctification cf St. John Baptist in his mother's womb ; . the Nativity of our Lord in the stable at Bethlehem ; His Presentation in the Temple ; and His being found at Jerusalem, after having been lost three days by his sorrowing parents. The next five mysteries are called sorrowful, be cause they contain the awful history of the Passion. The first is the prayer and agony of Jesus in the garden, when His sweat ' ' became as drops of blood trickling down upon the ground.' His scourging at the pillar ; His crowning with thorns ; His carry ing the cross, all weary and faint with loss of blood ; and lastly His crucifixion and death. The last five are design ited glorious mysteries. They begin. with His resurrection from the grave; His ascension into heaven ; the descent on the Holy Ghost on the disciples on the day of Pentecost ; the assumption of the Blessed Virgin, by which we mean how, after her death, her divine Son received her to Himself, to be always with Him in the bosom of Hi3 glory ; and her crowning in heaven, in which we commemorate the dignity which is conferred by our risen Lord on all His Saints in His eternal king dom, but chiefly, and above all, on her who is the first of all creatures, His own dear Virgin Mother. You see, therefore, that if we repeat the entire Rosary, meditating on each of the fifteen mysteries, and saying the appointed number. of prayers to each, we should say the 'Our Father' fifteen times, and the ' Hail Mary' one hundred and fifty. But this is seldom done, except in monasteries and convents, where persons have more time for devotional exer cises; the common practice for those who have worldly occupations to attend to, is to select one of the three divisions of the Rosary for each day, either the joyful, sorrowful, or glorious mysteries. In this manner we repeat only five 'Our Father' and fifty 'Hail Mary's;' but I dare say you think even this would be a wearisome repetition for the same words. It seems so to Protestants, because they imagine Catholics are content to utter them without any particular intention, and because they do not see in what manner they can be made to refer either to these mysteries of which I have spoken, or to the wants and feelings of the person who is saying them. Indeed, in general, Protestants are not even aware that meditation on the mysteries forms any part of the devotion of the Rosary ; it is to them nothing but an empty form of words. (To be continued.) Melancholy Occurrence at Gb.oomspo.rt. — On Saturday, about two o'clock a distressing accident took place in the lough off Groomspbrt, resulting in the death of Master Arthur Reid, son of Mr. James Reid, Cliftonville, of Messrs. Brown, Reid, and Co., Waring-street. Mr. Reid and his family were staying at Groomsport. On Saturday, when walking along the shore in company with his two sons, Arthur and Frede rick, they strongly urged him to take a boat out into the lough, and bring a gun to shoot at the sea fowl, which were observed in large numbers. As both boys seemed anxious for the sport Mr. Reid complied with their wishes, and having procured a double- barrelled gun, he and the two lads rowed into the lough, the gun being kept in the bow of the boat by one of the boye, who tired four shots. He then said, ' ' Papa, you may as woll have a shot.' Mr. Reid went to the bow of the boat, and, having discharged one of the barrels of the piece, was firing off the second, when the gun burst into atoms, only a portion of the stock being left in his hand. Arthur, the eldest son, who was sitting in a seat behind Mr. Reid, instantly exclaimed, 'Papa, 1 am wounded.1' Mr. Reid turned round, and the i1! fated lad threw his arms round his neck, and said, 'Papa, I am dying.' In a few seconds the unhappy father witnessed the death of his eldest son. It seems that the nipple of the gun j or part of the lock had penetrated the boy's back at a vital part. Mr. Reid himself narrowly es caped being seriously hurt. His wrist was scratched, and the lower part of the sleeve of his coat cut up. At the time of the sad occurrence the boat was about a mile from the shore. The body of the unfortunate boy was brought ashore and conveyed to his father's residence. The deplorable occurrence has excited the greatest public sympathy for the family of the deceased, who was a young lad of much promise, being of very studious habits. He had been engaged tc enter the firm of Messrs. William Spotten and Co. in a few days. — Belfast Neivs-letter. Alleged Illtrkatment of a Pauper in the Mohill Workhouse. — The Sligo Chronicle in referring to the magisterial investigation at the Mohill Workhouse into the alleged illtreatment of Charles Flynn before his removal to Sligo says :-^' It is highly satisfactory to find that the ability and zeal with which Drs. M'Munn and Little devoted themselves to the philan trophie task of investigating the circumstances which led to the death of Charles Flynn in the Asylum, and the opinion of the coroner's jury that death was the result of ' injuries received in the Mohill workhouse' have at length brought about a magisterial investigation. Justice too often moves with tardy steps, and those who feared that the pompous force of anofficialpoorlaw inquiry would stifle the cry for retribution whicL had gone forth from all classes, will learn with pleasure the determination of the Mohill magis trates to have the whole case made the subject of a stern judicial inquiry. The administration of the poor laws in this country presents i. pleasing contrast with that in England and i( would be a matter of the deepest regret if the terrible revelations which are go constantly brought against the London unions were to crop up in our midst.B 