THE subject of railway extension meets with most strange and unaccountable apathy throughout the country. It would almost seem as though the public spirit of the community was demoralised by the habit of deputation-mongering and beg- ging, as favours of the Government, what ought to be accomplished by the people themselves for themselves. Beyond bad- gering the Ministry of the day for a small patch of land for some petty local pur- pose, or for a small grant of money for a local charity, the public spirit of the town and country districts of the colony seems to have no idea of advancing. The com- munity appears almost pauperised in feeling, and incapable of doing ought else towards insuring material progress and the development of our great natural resources, by means of public concerted action, than sending a deputation to Government to beg small favours. And yet with but very moderate enterprise, and the exercise of a very small modicum of creative energy on the part of the people, this garden colony, so fertile in soil, so rich in minerals, so blessed in serenity of climate, might be made the most materially progressive, the most prosperous, and the most happy country on the face of the globe. But as it is at present, it realises the idea of "The Slough of Despond" more than aughtelse terrestrial. This is especially the case in reference to railway enterprise. We have broad lands lying waste and desolate, imploring, as it were, the advent of man to open up the agricultural wealth which there lies unde- veloped. And we have, on the other hand, two or three large towns and some half-dozen smaller ones crowded to over- flowing with a population, the majority of which is buried in abject poverty, or wearing out a painful existence in battling with the narrow means and barren pro- spects which the stagnant condition of the colony imposes upon them. The open country is a desert. It could furnish in dependent homes, bright prospects, and comparative comfort to all those of the working classes who would prefer, as thousands would, the rude abundance of the hush to -the squalour and struggles of humble town-life. But it is, nevertheless, a solitudo. . And tho evil is so glaring that it is admitted jby.all ; but yet nothing is done to furnish , a radical remedy. The Government/ indeed, has made a feeble' effort in that direction by initiating a sort of a make-believe liberal land system. But, except in tho ijpniediato neighbourhood of goldfiolds towns,-, nothing in tho nature of the actual settlement of population is taking place, or. ever will, under so feeble, impolitic, " and - aimless a measure as Grant's Land. Act. . A radical reform 'of-'onr land system is needed. :. But side by, ride with that reform must advanco tuowoi'k .of railway enterprise, if the .countrv is to bo even partially settled " in our generation, and if the bright hopeB of prosperous days, which iured so many thousands of colonists from Europe are to be realised. The agricultural settler may grow his crops, but without a railway to bring tbem cheaply and expeditiously to market, his toil and liis enterprise are in vain ; bo finds himself poor and wretched in tho midst of plenty, llailways then, as being more cheap in tlio end and moro useful than ordinary roads, should bo brought into oxistoneo concurrently with the progress of a reformed law of land settlement. And tho construction gradu ally, but at a steady paco of progress nevertheless, of a net-work of railways throughout the country could readily, and should, bo mado part and parcel of our land system, as is the caso in tho Unitod Stoles of America. Grants of land might be made, on tho American plan, to com panies undertaking and giving a guarantee to construct railways through districts where facility of intercourso is most needed and would bo most profitable. Tills subject has boon ably broached in our columns by a professional correspondent within tho last few days ; and his views appear worthy cf consideration, cvon if they should not wholly recommend thom- sclves for adoption. Before noticing tho views of our corre spondent, however, wo desiro to direct attention to what wo commented on a short timo hack, when tho question was beforo Parliament— namely, that local energy and privato enterprise should form the motive power, for bringing railways into existence throughout tho country. To roly solely upon Government support is a mistake. It is an indication of icohlc- ness, and a grcnt elomeut of failuro. Tho Government may, and doubtless will, lend valuublo aid, when private enterprise shows itself in earnest in taking tho work of railway extension in liana. But private enterprise must present itself in organised form to the Government, beforo anything tangihlo can be accomplished. Is there not enough of tho spirit of self-help ex istent in tho communities at the goldficlds, in tho great agricultural district of tho west, and in Gipps Land, to set tho germ of railway enterprise in motion, nnd to create a ground-work whereon a mutual understanding could ho como to by tho Government and tlio projectors of railway extension, as to the best method of co operating in that task. Tho Government has abundanco of tho raw material of tho work on hand. It possesses land, waste and unoccupied, in abundance; and it lias, or, at all events, ought to have, credit in the money-market. With either one or the other, or with both, of these material elements of action, no difficulty should he experienced in calling into existenco tho capital requisito for tho construction of more than one lino of rail way. If tho Government — which. however, wo fear is doubtful at present — were in a position to raiso a loan for tho £urpose, tlio proposal mootod by Mr. iKVBY in tho Assombly on tlio 21st ult. should he entertained without hesitation by tho localities specially interested in railway extension. That is to say, tho locally interested communities, — such for instanco as tho people of the Ovens dis trict, of Castlcmaine, Maryborough and tho North-West, of Ballaarat and tlio neighbouring localities, of Ararat, of Hamilton, of Campordown, and of Gipps Land, — should organiso themselves into committees, and see if tlioy could not guarantco an interest of <1 per cont. ujlon all tho money advanced to them by the Government for railway construction. The Government itself would pay tho balance of tho interest, say 2 or 2 per cent., to which the public creditor who advanced the loan was entitled. Tho low ebb, however, to which the M'Cullocr Ministry has brought tlio credit of tho country, appears likely to throw an in surmountable obstacle, at present, in tho way of adopting this scheme. The other course to which we have ad verted, viz., of capitalising tho resources of the country offered by our waste lands, in order to provide funds, remainB for consideration. And here, without recom mending or condemning tho proposal of our , correspondent to which we have re ferred, wo will present it in his own words, in order to give it full publioity nnd bring it under tho consideration and dis cussion of public opinion. Wo should premise, that ho presents as an ex ample to us tlio Illinois Eailway, U.S. 200 miles in length, for the for mation of which Congress endowed tho Stato of Illinois with public lands reaching for six miles in width, in alter nate sections, along tho course of the pro posed lino. Tho quantity of land thus alienated was 2,600,000 acres, Tho Stato made over this vast tract to a company formed to construct tho lino; and by mortgage and sales of land tho company raised sufficient funds for tho capital, out- lny, und tho payment of interest. Wo need not repeat tho references made to the well-known prosperity resulting to Illinois and tho adjoining region from tlio forma tion of this great work. Wo must content ourselves with giving our correspondent's application of tho example, whicli he thus cites, to this country. A grant of land of six miles width along the lino beiDg made to the company undertaking tho enter- prise, no proposes to proccea as toitows : — " I should (he says) have the land sur veyed and laid out in ten-acro blocks, re serving at the saiRo time a certain amount of land — say 50,000 acres — for futuro and unforeseen contingencies of tho company. I should then allot tho amount of cost of tho proposed railway lino into shares of L20 cacn ; to eachL20 share I should add a ten-acre block — a block to each share. These blocks and shares I should have put up tor sale by auction to the highest and best bidder ; upset price, L25 per lot, in eight quarterly instalments or calls to each share, and extending over a period of two years, .tho title to the land to be conveyed to tho shareholder upon tho payment of his shares ; these sales to take place in Melbourne, Sydney, or other of the Australian colonies ap proved of by the directors. I would further pay to tho State exchequer, as a .medium compensation for these lands, u royalty or rental of Gd. per acre, which for every 100 miles would number 384,000 acres, and which would bring to the State the handsome rental of L9C00 sterling per annum, to bo paid from the date of opening tho line for traffic. Under this arrangement tho poor man with his L125 can have five shares in tho railway and fifty acres of land upon the line ; tho capitalist with his L1250 can have his fifty shares and 500 acres of land, and so on. The landholder and shareholder would thus of necessity go hand in hand to- gether." As a guarantee to tho State, he would have the proceeds of those sales paid over to a Government receiver, who should lodge tho fund in the Troasury or a bank,. in tho namo of the railway com pany ; and according as tho construction of: tho line proceeded, tho amount of work done, as vouched for by the proper officer, should bo paid for out of this fund. It issomo such scheme as this, or a modi fication of it, that must bo put in opera tion if we are to make capital ready available out of our waste lands for the construction of railways ; and tho matter is well worthy tho attentive consideration . of the public. . . How much longer is the community to be disgraced by that den of fraud and perjury the present Insolvent Court. Day. after day cases . of the most iniquitous wrong-doing come to light within its precincts; and' day 'after day is justice mocked by its proceedings, Only a few weeks ago there was a caso before it which revealed a very common fraud, nnd ono which is bred nnd fostered by tho laxity and cumbrousnoss of tho machinery of our insolvency system. Ono Botd had filed his schcdulo ; assets returned nil. Before Mb insolvency ho was known to possess considerable proporty. Amongst it ho had somo twenty cows. Ho prayed tho Court to romit the usual fees on account of poverty. This was granted. Tho creditors instituted inquiry, nnd several witnesses testified to tho fact that shortly boforofiling his schcdulo BoTDowned cows, whoso value was between sixty and seventy pounds. Yet this man liad the audacity to como and ask the Court to romit tlio usual fees on account of poverty. "What became of his property ? Why, of course it was made safo until he had undergono our insolvency process of purgation from just liabilities. Ho would then bo able to resume and enjoy it without the oppres sive dread of creditors. Tho object of insolvent laws is to do justico between an insolvent and his cre ditors when ho has boon overtaken by misfortune, and to protect him from dis grace and oppression. Neither of these purposes is effected in Victoria under tho existing code. Enacted a quarter of a century ago — in tho barbarous days of New South Wales' history — when society was very differently constituted, it is utterly unfitted to supply our present wants. Tho tribunal established under it is littlo more than an oflico of tho Suprome Court. The powers of tho Commissioner are rather ministerial than judicial. Ho has littlo or no discretion when ho most roquiros it. Ho must run to tho Supreme Court for assistance when there is anything really to bo done. In most ensos its proceedings are little more than a farce. Creditors aro so disgusted that they do not caro to interfere even when tliey might do so most successfully. No less than thirty meet ings of creditors hare been held in a quar ter of an hour. The man overtaken by misfortune dreads the Court for its asso ciations, and the creditor shuns it for its expense nnd uncertainty, and the rogue seeks it for the protection and impunity it grants to his misdeeds. Though for years it has been known that these evils exist, yet no successful attempt has been mado to reduce them. Several fruitless efforts alone testify our legisla tive zeal on the subject. It seoms as if any practical and useful legislation in this diroetion were impossible with our law givers. The great want is a Court with independent jurisdiction and ample powers — not tho hybrid forum in which Commis sioner Noel at present presides, half ju dicial, half ministerial. W c know that no system can bo perfect. Human nature is subtle and wicked enough to commit fraud, in spite of all defensivo provisions against it. But with this essentia, nine- tenths of tho present abuses might and would bo prevented. As wo have said, when there is really anything to be done, it is necessary to resort to the Supremo Court, for want of jurisdic tion in the Commissioner. This can only bo done at a great expense, and with protracted delay. For example, if it bo necessary to summon a witness before tho Commissioner, it must he done through an application to tho Supremo Court, nt an expense of something liko £5. With such prospects beforo them, tliero is no wondor that assigneos and creditors for bear to institute inquiry, and follow the planted property of tlio fraudulent. The very cost of initiating proceedings is enough to deter the most zealous of assignees, or tho most hopeful of credi tors, from undertaking such a risky specu lation. A man projecting insolvency as a means of defrauding creditors, has only to secreto his property, and plead poverty, and ho is secure from molestation. Tho Legislature seoms to prefor en gaging in work much moro congenial to its tastes than that of reforming a great social abuso. Wc must suffer it or find Bomo other means of effect- ing a remeay. wo uimir sue judges might mitigate tho ovils of the sys tem if tliey wero inclined to do so. They havo very largo powers under tho existing insolvency law. They can "make such rules, orders, nnd regulations" for carrying tho act into effect, "and also touching the form and manner of proceed ing and tho fee to be taken as to them shall seem fit.'' Those powers aro largo enough to enable the Judges to put an end to many of tho evils of which tho public rightly but ineffectually complain. We earnestly commend tho matter to thoir consideration. It appears hopcloss to ex pect anything from tho Legislature. What the Supremo Court can do in tho matter, we think it should do, and lot the case bo well put beforo it, and we doubt not it will aet. W o will conclude by summarising somo of tho moro prominent mischiefs of tho present system. Tho creditor is de frauded. Temptation is held out to the dishonest. The justico of tho law is sus pected and brought into contempt, llcck- lessness is engendered. Unprofessional practices aro encouraged. Crime goes unpunished. Tho honest but unfortunate uuuK.upi is uisgracca ; ana, lasny, ine community generally is scandalised by the present insolvency code of Victoria. How soon will it he amended P Mr. Alexander Fraser lias announced Ids in tention of again offering himself as a candidate for the representation of tho North-Wcstern Province in tho Legislative Council. The Board of Land nnd Works have Issued a notice, to the effect that for the future at all sales by auction of land a deposit of ono- luilf the price at which the lot 19 sold will be taken, nnd that cheques can be received or rejected at the option of the land-officer. Ills Excellency Brljadier-Genersl Carey has Intimated his intention, during the moonlight nights of this month, to visit the various volun teer orderly-rooms, Bud personally Inspect the men on their private parades. Mr. Summers, has been very unfortunate In casting the fourth relief intended for the base of the Burko and Wills monument, In Collins street. Tba cost, which represents tho dentil of Burke, has been moulded in bronze nearly half- a-dozen- times, hut unsuccessfully . Mr. Sum mers Intends, early next week, to make another trial, and it is to be hoped that hit exertions on this occasion will be crowned with success. Considerable progress was made yesterday with the trial of Mr. J. G Benney, some seven or eight witnesses being examined. All the lay evidence given on the previous trial has now been heard, nnd tho medical evidence com menced — Mr. Rudall having been in tno box for nhout half nn hour before tho Court ad- journed. The Chess Tournament was continued yester day. Sedgfield defeated Phillips in his third game, tho scire being— Sedgfield 3, Phillips 2 ; Scdgtield therefore takes the third and Phillips the fourth prize. Ellis, who Is playing with Burns for the llrst prize, won ono game, and the ecoro stands — Burns 2, Ellis 1, and two draws. The score between Pirani and Fleming, who ore competing for fifth and sixth prizes, is — Pirani 0, Fleming 2. A clever burglary is reported by the Dayla- ford Express : — Early on Wednesday morning some of the burglars who nppear to be infesting the neighbourhood of Mount Prospect, Deep Creek, etc., broke Into the store of Mr. George Kayll, of the latter place, end carried off property to the value of between L200 nnd L300. The bulldiaz, a large weather boarded one, situated at the extreme end.of Deep Creek, Is, tho lest on that sid>, of tbe:read towards Creswick. Enjranco we c' it':, by removing ./our weatherboards bctw Vi- window and (ha door, and the thieve! see m to have been perfectly aware of the booty they expected. The stolen property com prised nearly the whole stock of recently pur chased men's clothing. Ono suit nut of tho invoice had been sold, and a few nrticles on the shelves are all that escaped tho robbers. A whole case of men's elastic-side booie and women's winter boots were taken from the pegs over the counter, besides n quan tity ofwhlte-Bolcd Wellington's, watertlghts, etc. In addition to tiiese things, several rolls of merino, flannel, magenta flannel, and two largo boxes of tobacco were abstracted. Four or flvo ounces of gold dust in the desk wero not for gotten, nnd It may be snid tho rogues made n clean sweep of the most valuable contents of tho place. So quietly was the burglary completed tbnt neither Mr. nor Mrs. Kayll, who wore asleep in a room separated from the store by a pissagc a few feet wiJo, nor their dog, were disturbed. When Mr. Kayll awoke on Wednesday morning and entered the store, so surprised was he at tho scene before him, lie could scarcely believe the evidence of his senses, ilo Immediately gave ioformntlon to tho police, and the telegraph Boon put the officers In tho surrounding districts on the alert. As some suspected persons visited the store the day before, Mr. Kayll started on Wednesday for Binenton, and it is thought tho thieves, beforo long, will be detected. The Trinity term sittings commenced yester day. Several reserved judgments were delivered. The Borough Council of Sandhurst were directed to prevent tho holdlDg of a market in one of the public streets. In tha case of Tlio Que n v. M'llree, it was decided that n Chinaman not a Christian, who dcslarcd that lie considered an oath on the Biblo binding on his conscience, was a competent witness. A meeting of tho Victoria Agricultural Society was held at Heidelberg on Wednesday last. After tire poymont of prizss for 18G5, tlio committee resolved upon having a ploughing match on tho 3rd J uly, and, if possible, in the neighbourhood of Heidelberg. Messrs. Creighton, Bond, nnd Mundy were appointed to select the ground and make thcotber necessary arrangements; and the secretary was Instructed to write and request Mr. J. Walker, of Tomplestowe ; Mr. Tlnmas Ragg, ol Bullocn; nnd Mr. A. Young, of Jnne- fleld, to officiate as judges. Wc understand that Mr. Superintendent Nlcolson is expected to return to the colony by the mail stenmcr which is due in llobson's Bay next month. Our Droranna correspondent writes : — "On Tuesday evening an exceedingly instructive lecture was delivered at tlio Mechanics' Insti tute, try Mr. Robert Caldwell, upon the" Culture of the Vine and its adaptability to the colony." The lecturer gave the results of his own ex perience, his failures and successes with the different varieties of tha vine, a largo amount ot practical information as to the cost of the formation of a vineyard, and the probable re turns from the same; urging upon the small farmers, as well as others, the desirability of odoptrog such a lucrative branch of employment. The lecturer, in n most forcible manner, ' de monstrated that the light and eandy soils which are almost worthless for the growth of grain crops, are the most suitable for the vine ; and that the plough and the liorsc-Iioe were the most economical nnd sultnblo mode of cultiva tion. Mr. Caldwell furnished samples of about a dozsn different kinds of wine from his vineyard of the present season's make, which were pronounced to be very superior. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried by accla mation." Mr. James Simmonds, theatrical manager, was summoned in tho County Court yesterday, by Francis Bclfleld, an actor, for L20, tho price of a drama written for him by the plointiff. Some nine months ago, wheu Mr. O'Neill, tho Irish comedian, was In this colony, It was deemed ex pedient to have a play written, la which he could exhibit his talcntr as nn actor. Accordingly, Mr. Simmonds, who was O'Neill's agent, com municated verbally with Belfield, requesting him to write a piece, his instructions being more fully detailed in the following letter : — " Sand hurst, Metropolitan hotel, 9th Ontohir, 1805. Dear Sir, — Tna drama I require for Mr. O'Neill Is a sensational one of the ' Colleen Bawn ' school, with a part something like llory O'Morc, with opportuuitles for songs and dances. I am willing to give L20 for it if I Hcoept it, nnd L5 If I refuse it. I have grcnt faith in your ability to writo n good drama. Should you write another comedy part m the drama, let it be a cockney, nnd I will ploy it myself. Tlio part for Mr. O'Neill can have snatches of pathos, which be is very good In. Be sure and get a good plot, with as few parts as possible, n la 'Colleen Bnwu.' Yours truly, Jambs Simmonds." In the course of Ave weeks the drama was written, nnd the two comic parts introduced pursuant to these directions, its title being " A Vehoon Grnwna ; or the Prido of Chara." The plaintiff etatcd that several appointments were made with him to read the drama, but none were kept. At last O'Neill left the colony, and the piece could not be brought out. Tho defence was that, on' the contract, Simmonds was only liable for L5. Ills Honour expressed n wish to examine the defendant, and he was sent for, hut did not oppear. Ills Honour gave plaintiff a verdict for L5, stating that though defendant appeared to buvo acted somewhat unreasonably, yet he had protected himself by the agreement. The raid-winter exhibition in connection with the Yarra Lodge Academy was held last evening at the Town-hail, Prnhran, in the presence of a very largo audience, composed principally of tlio friends and families of those who are acquiring an education at that school. Tho proceedings wero opened by singing a hymn, after which recitathns, songs, and musical performances, arranged us an entertaining programme, were given, in many of which the boys acquitted themselves in n very creditabio manner. The proceedings were terminated by the distribution of prizes for tlio half-year. A fine little hoy, about four years of age, was charged at the City Court, yesterday morning, with being a neglected child. Tha police found him wandering about Carlton, and he could not give any accouut of himself beyond thnt ills name was " Tommy." It is certainly a strange circumstance that the relatives nf the poor little fellow have not made inquiries about him. The accompanying particulars of tho suicide of a Chinese at Crcs trick, are furnished by the Ballaarat Afttr " Au inquest was held on Tuesday, by the district coroner, at the White Swan hotel, Creswick, en the body of Si Gee. It appeared that the deceased, who held shares in various Chinese sluicing companies, had his leg broken about eighteen months ago, which had entailed considerable suffering, and by incapa citating hint from working caused him to be very low spirited. On Tuesday, after breakfast, the rest of the party went to worh, leaving de ceased at home. On returning to dinner they found him suspended from a beam ol the but. Dr. Steel examined the body and stated that death had been caused by strangulation. Tho jury relumed n verdict accordingly. The Chinese never attempted to cut the body down when they saw it liauging, but went off to the police station — somo distance off — with tha In formation. Sergeant Dowling, on arriving and GUttinf? tllP hflftv ilnnii fntiml (I fitill wfirm " The women Mary Clarko and Catherine Gra ham, arrested on a charge of stealing nhout L200 worth of. drapery from the premises of Messrs. Alston and Brown, drapers, Collins street, were again brought before the City Court yesterday morning. Mr. Payne, a member of the firm, Identified a largo quantity of goods that had been in tbo prisoners' boxes, end the women pleaded guilty. They wero committed for trial. A very mousing incident is mentioned by the Maryborough Advertiser : — " The meeting of the Cerisbrook Borough Council was delayed a considerable time on Monday evening, owing to the absence of Mr. hnll-lteoper Dutton, who selocted that peculiarly Inconvenient evening for getting drunk, thus keeping the key of tho holt in his possession, and forcing the Mayor and Councillors of tho Borough of Cnrisbrook to remain loitering about an unreasonable time. One coun cillor snggestrd holding tho meeting on the stone steps of the vestibule, but tho coldness of the night was -against tlio adoption of this sugges tion. An opposition member sensibly proposed sitting before the fire iu the town clerk's com- fortable room, but as the public would then have been debarred from hearing tho eloquence of their representative men thnt idea was git en up also. An adjournment to the roadtng-room oc cupied by the Mechanics' Instltuto was then mooted, but before it could bo. carried out, a nimble youth effected an entrance through the window, and opened tho hnll-doors from the Inside. Civic dignity does not seem to flourith when transplanted In Australian soli. What would bo thought at home If a parish beadle got drunk and kept n real mayor and seven live councillors waiting oatsido their hall for upwnrds of an hour? Tha miscreant would recelvo such an awful rebuke that for ever after ho would roam about Beadledom like tha Wandering Jew. We trust thnt tho bibulous Dutton will select a more convenient sonson for misbehaving himself In future." The following was tho stato of the Supreme Court Library Fund on tho first dny of Trinity Term: — Balance, 21st March, 18C6 (first day of Easter Term), L313 10s. lOd. ; receipts — bar risters' fees, L231; attorneys' fees, L283 10s.; law students, L10 10s. ; articled clerk', L2 2s. ; In- terest on debentures, L15; totni, L835 12s. lira. Expenditure— Dotmold, L19 16s. 5d. ; librarian, L45; fee returned, L42 ; debentures, L515 12s. 5d. ; agent-general, remittances, L100 10s ; Max well, L63 5s. 9J.; petty cash, L2; total, L7784s. 7d. Balance, per bank-book, L77 8s. 3d. Num ber of books In library Inst term, 8341 ; since . added, 52; total, 8393. Books added to circuit libraries, 33. The brig Centaur, which arrived from San Francisco yesterday, after nn excellent passige of fifty.slx days, brings intelligence of a Inrgo fire, which occurred in that city from the combustion of nitro- glycerine, end which caused the death of several persons. Wo also learn that a mall stramer was lost from a similar cause, A' meeting wns held last evening, nt tho BrickByers Arms, Richmond, of the committee appointed to make the necessary arrangements for presenting a testimonial to Mr. H. Oddy, who recently resigned the representation of the South Ward in the Richmond Municipal Council, of which lie had been for a period of eight years an active and popular member. Tho object of the meeting was to wim! up the duties of the committee, and, as a sufficient sum had been received for the purpose for which they had been appointed, it was determined to cell n meeting of the subscribers to consider the form of testimonial to be adopted) We have our files from Tasmania to the 20th inst. The Hobart Town Mercury mentions that Mr. Einmett, of Circular Head, hnviog explored tho River Hellyer end district adjacent, is of opinion that that country is auriferous. A sample of black sand obtained by'bim contained silver, in its native state, nt tho rate of 3-joz. to the ton, and gold, which was distinctly visible to the naked eye when the sand was placed in water. Tho sand on the river, according to Mr. Emmctt, contains the blue sapphiro and n num- ber of other precious stones. Mr. Fish has been returned as the representative of Hobart Town in the Legislative Council. In the County Court yesterday, n fisherman named Harris sued Mr. Dickenson, master of tbe steamtug Hercules, for converting io his own use a boat belonging to tho plaiHtiff. The boat had been capsized in a squall In Hobson's Bay, In May last. On the following morning the defendant snw It, partially submerged, and, attaching a line to the mast, towed it to n coal hulk, and gave information to the water-police. Tho plaintiff asserted that the vessel had been greatly Injured by the manner in which it hail been towed. Tiie defendant dented that ho had been asked for the boat, and it was contended thnt he had only acted properly in removing it from a place where It was likely to bB an ob struction to the navigation. Ho now offered to give up the vessel. His Honour considered that defendant had behaved properly, nnd would give a verdict for him, unless tho plaintiff was legally entitled to nominal damages — a question on which he would reserve his decision. He ad vised plaintiff to take tiie boat, as his doing so would not prejudice the ultimate determination of the case. With reference to the cose of tho Rev. Mr. Ilendcison, tho Geelong Advertiser says : — " A meeting of the congregation of the United Pres byterian Church was held on Wednesday night, hnviog for its object the memorialising of the Presbytery against the removal of the Rev. Mr. Henderson. It is reported that a searching in vestigation lias been carried on outsido the Pres byterian inquest, which has elicited information calculated to throw doubt on the probability of tho evidence submitted by the originator of the inquiry." Mr. James Gore, residing in Argyle street, Carlton, appeared yesterday morning at the District Court, on summons, for attaching a water pipe to tbe service pipe of the Ynn Yean, without first obtaining the permission of tho Board of Lands and Works. The cose was made out against the defendant, nnd he was fined L2, with casts, for tho offence. The farmers of Connewarre met in force on Tuesday, Bays tho Geelong Register , and jointly performed the praiseworthy act of ploughing, Sowing, and harrowing twelve acres of land belonging to Mrs. Sharp, a poor but industrious widow, bereft of her husband about two yoars ago by u melancholy accident at Echuca ; a parishioner much respected by nil, and having a largo family to support. The farmers, to their credit ha it spoken, mustered twenty pairs of horses and two bullock teams, nnd finished tho work nicely by 4 p.m. After wishing tho widow good-bye and a plentiful harvest, feeling each one that bo had contributed ills mite to a good and charitable purpose, tliey departed to their several homes. An accident which is likely to prove fatal is recorded by the Bnllaarat Star : — " Mr. John Quail, a native of the Isle of Man, and isrtnorly a road contractor in connection with Messrs, Barker and Evans, bat latterly farming near Anderson Brothers' old saw mill, BuIInrook, met with an uccident about 4 or 5 o'clock on tbe afternoon of Tuesday, ft appenrs that n man who was employed in the paddock grubbing timber, left a tree half grubbed to that tho wind might blow it down nnd thus save labour. Quail was working with another man close by, when a sudden gust of wind blew down tbe tree, which, iu falling, struck Quail and fractured his skull. He has since been conveyed to the Creswick District Hospital, and a number of pieces of bone extracted. The case, however, is believed to be hopeless." The Blackwood correspondent of the Kyncton Observer writes: — "More of the remains of a person have been found In the Buliarook Forest, consisting of tho two shoulder blades, the thigh bone, and the under jaw bone, in which one of the back teetli is stuck and in a most perfect state. It will be remembered that a short time before nn Inquest was held at Blackwood on the skull and thigh or shin hone of some person unknown. The latter remains were found not far from where tlio others wero found. It is quite clear they belong to tho ono body. The police have been making inquiries to see if any person has been missing, but without success." The ltcv. T. C. Porks delivered last evening, iu rviciiuiuuu iuurcn, tiro urst lecture ot a series which lie intends — Jn accordance with his usual practice — to give during the ensuing winter. Tho subject selected was "Tho Church in All Ages," and the opening lcclure was confined to the Pentateucli and the many difficult questions arisiDg thereupon end it was dealt with in a very lucid and able manner. There was a very respectable attendance, and tho lecture must be regarded as a very successful commencement. The largest audience which has assembled within the walls of the Theatre Royal duriug tbe present opera season, witnessed the performance of Rsssinl's splendid opera " Semirnmide " last night. This work Is justly considered as one of the finest of tills great compsser, and, perhaps, with tbe exception of bis " Moeeia Bgitto," bis finest and most successful composition. The opera opens during a solemn festival in the temple of Belus, in the city of Babylon, held for the purpose of enebllag Semirntnes, the Queen, and relict of Ninus, the late Emperor, to nomlnato a successor to tho throne. The Quocn, notwithstanding that others about her are anxious for the dignity, bos resolved to appoint Arsacc, but Arsnco being In lovo with Azema, a princess of tho blood royol, reprob! « I the choice. Ultimately, through tho hatred of I Aesur, the commander of the Assyrian armv who is joolous in not having been nominated tJ becomes known that Ninus has been poisoned Assur, on the instigation uf the Qucon bet,_J The ghost of Ninus appears, and summons Ar saco to tlio tomb, where he learns that Ninin. tho son of Ninus, still lives, and afterwords that' ho himself is tho identical Nlnlus, tho heir to throne. Arsoco pursues with vongeauoc tlm villain Assur, nnd in the dark recesses of tha tomb Is about to tlay 1dm, when Semiramb rushes between them nnd receives tlio death wound. Such is n brief outline of the plot Madame Escott sustained the part of Queen Semiramls, and although the music is difficult of execution, she pioved herself quite com! to the task which she had undertaken Tho splendid nrle " Oil, thought enchanting'' wns exceedingly well rendered, nnd the finB duett in the fourth act brought forth a burst of genuine applause. This is n part in which Madame Escott has on opportunity of showing her great powers ns nn actress. Miss Georgia Hodson, as Arsnco, hns n part allotted to her which appears to bo well suited to her vocal capabilities. In no opera lias she yot been so successful as she appeared last night In this particular role Iu " Sorairamide." Tlio part is a long one, and her powers are taxed to the utmost. Mr. John do Hugo is not capable of filling such a part as Assur. There Is not suffi cient strength or body in his voice, while any little success lie migiit havo achieved iu this direction must have been marred by the extra ordinary contortions to which ho throughout subjected his frame. Mr. Bcnuraont, n. Idreno hns not much to do, but that little wns dono well nnd carefully, although his tenor ap. penrcil a little husky iu the upper notes ns though tlio cold from which lie has been suffering had not completely deserted him A word of praise Is duo to Mr. Kltts for his perl formance of Oroe, the bhh- pricstuf the temple of Belus, while the part of L'Ombrn dl Nino was entrusted to Mr. Sutcliffe. The instrumental portion of this opera is very fine, nnd wns dono full justico to by tlio splendid orchestra. Tho opera lias been exceedingly well placed upon the stage. The scenery, pnluted by Mr. Ilennings, of the Interior of tho temple, nnd, in the last scone, the cxtorior of tho temple at Bab.vloo eon be classed as amongst his best efforts, while the appearance of the ghost at the tomb of NlnuB was effectively contrived. Altogether, " Semi rnmide" has btcn well done, and no doubt, with all tbo attrsctiou which it possesses, will draw largo audiences. It is nnnounced for the re mainder of this weik. The Glass Blowers continue to attract large audiences, and although the exhibition lies now been open far several weeks, Its attractiveness appears to be undiminished. 