THE DIFFERENT POSTAL ROUTES. IN the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, on the 10th instant, the sum of £55,000, the moiety of the amount of the contract for the Panama mail service, was voted, but not without some opposition. The promise made by the New South Wales Government to New Zealand that they would bear half the expense was not to be got over; and the Legislature was bound in honor to vote the money, how ever extravagant the .expense compared with the good that was to be derived from it It appears to us that on no other grounds was this large expenditure tole rated, for even the statement of Mr. Parkes, the Colonial Secretary, in support of the vote, showed that the advantage that New South Wales had derived from the service up to that time was very small indeed. That gentleman contented himself with stating that it was not correct to say, as had been said, that the steam postal service by way of Panama had not been so valuable as a postal service as had been expected from it; and he then proceeded to show in what that value con sisted. They had had advices of the de livery of two of the mails from that colony forwarded vid Panama. The first of these, which left Sydney on the 15th June, arrived at Southampton on the 12th August, while the mail which left vid Suez on the 24th June, reached Southampton only on the 25th August, giving a clear saving, as Mr. Parkes said, of three days in favor of the Panama service, in so far as it was compared with the delivery of the Southampton portion of the mails vid Suez. Again, on the following month the Panama mail left Sydney on the 15th July, and arrived at Southampton on the 11th Septem ber, while the Suez mail left Sydney on the 24th July, and was delivered at Southampton on the 22nd September, giving a saving by way of Panama of two clear days. It appears from this that each of the mails by way of Panama took fifty eight days to reach their destination; while the maUs vid Suez took sixty-two, and sixty days. It was remarked in the course of the debate that this statement of Mr. Parkes' was incredible ; but we will admit that it is true, with this qualification—that the comparison is aot a fair one, and that the delivery of the mails by way of Suez hail been delayed on the occasions referred to. But putting both services on an equal footing—for the saving of time by way of Panama is purely imaginary—what does New South Wales gain ? Not a fortnightly service combined with the Suez route ; for that cannot be, so long as the West Indian mail packets run according to their present time-table. The Panama mail service is therefore a subsidiary one; and the arrival and departure of the vessels employed in it have to be timed, not to meet the convenience of the people of Australia and New Zealand, but to fit on to the service performed by the West In dian mail packets. If New South Wales does not get a fortnightly service, but an irregular kind of communication—a sort of supplementary mail as the Panama time table is now fixed, what does she gain ? Absolutely nothing, except the pleasure to be obtained from the novelty of sending her mails by way of Panama at a cost of .£55,000 per annum, which will have to be paid in addition to the contribution of about .£lB,OOO per annum now payable towards the subsidy for the Suez mail ser vice, and which cannot be discontinued for some time to come yet. It may be said by some that the action of the New South Wales Government in re spect to the Panama service is of no in terest to us; but we maintain that in the matter of the English mail service it is impossible to dissever the interests of the several colonies. If the most powerful of the colonies join in adopting a service which will be less expeditious and more expensive, the weaker colonies must neces sarily suffer by it; for they cannot establish a mail service by themselves, and are compelled to agree to arrangement* which may he more costly and less suitable. Had New South Wales not been "bamboozled"—as it has been very properly observed—by the New Zealand Government into agreeing to pay half the cost of the Panama Service, we should doubtless have got her assistance in permanently establishing the Torres Straits route. The Panama service is a . " hobby" of the Government of New Zealand, entail ing an expenditure which is perfectly un justifiable when compared with the present financial resources of that colony, and the expediency of which, even at the cost of a moiety of the amount of the contract, has been bitterly questioned by New Zealand taxpayers. The best evidence we can have that even in New Zealand it is only used as a subsidiary service is, that by far the largest portion of the mails from New Zea land to England are sent by way of Suez. To a very large number of the population it is a great privilege to be able to transmit the budget of colonial news, contained in the^monthly summaries of the newspapers, at the ordinary postage of a penny. But what have the New Zealand Government done? They have im posed a postage of threepence on every newspaper for England sent by way of Panama, while the rate vid Suez will remain at a penny. Few persons will, therefore, think of sending newspapers by the new route, and at least the bulky por tion of the New Zealand mails will be for warded via Suez. This tax on newspapers is another resort of the New Zealand Government to raise revenue to make up for the expenditure on the Panama service. But let us turn to the contemplated arrangements for a service rid Suez when the present contract with the P. and 0. Company shall have expired. In the dis cussion in the New South Wales Legisla ture that we have already alluded to, Mr. Pabkes gave some valuable information on this subject, which we will quote. He said that— " By the last mail a despatch was received by His Excellency the Governor from the Secre tary of State for the Colonies, in which Lord Carnarvon transmitted to His Excellency a Treasury minute on the subject of steam postal communication, together with a report upon the whole question of the East Indian Steam Postal Service. The Secretary of State said :— ' I request that you will lay these papers before your responsible advisers, in order that they may make known their wishes and views on the several questions raised in their Lord ships' minute, so far as they affect the arrange ments to be made for the conduct and main tenance of the Postal Service between this country and the Australian colonies.' " To this minute of the Lords Commissioners there was this passage in reference to any new contract to be entered into:— 'It now becomes necessary to consider in what manner the service between Point de Galle and the Australian colonies is to be pro vided for on the discontinuance of the present contract with the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company. My Lords would be glad if the Australian colonies would them selves, in combination, undertake to provide this service, in which case they would, as at present, be prepared on behalf of the Imperial Government to defray one- half of the reasonable cost of such service; and they would suggest that the Secretary of State for the Colonies should communicate with the different colonial Governments with a view to such an arrangement being carried out. If, however, the several colonial Governments should find it impossible to come to a common understanding on the subject and to adopt a practicable arrangement, the Home Govern ment will not refuse to undertake to make the necessary contract for providing the service be tween Point de Galle and Sydney; it must be, however, on the distinct understanding that they shall agree, each and all, to whatever ar rangements the Home Government may consider most conducive to the interests of the mother country and for the colonies collectively. My Lords, however, would much prefer that the colonies themselves should, in combination, make the contract or contracts for the service in question.' "' And there was another paragraph of con siderable importance, which was as follows :— 'As regards the fifth service, however, viz., that between Galle and Sydney, although the necessary twenty-four months' notice should immediately be given to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company for the discontinuance of the present contract, it ap pears to my Lords that it would be inexpedient to call at once for tenders for a new service, or to fix a period for such service, until they have before them the views of the respective colonies on this subject, which my Lords trust the Earl of Carnarvon will take the earliest opportunity of eliciting.'" It will be seen from this that whatever arrangement is come to for the continuance of the service, unanimity on the part of the colonies will be indispensably necessary; in fact no well regulated ser vice can be earned on without it. The Home Government pledges itself to bear half the cost of the service, but it has very properly refused to contribute to the service by way of Panama. It will be, therefore, useless for New South Wales to hold out against the conviction which must ultimately be forced upon the njinds of the Government of that colony, that the route via Suez is the cheapest and the one most suitable to the requirements of Australia. The route by way of Panama must ultimately be most advantageous to New Zealand owing to hpr geographical position, but there is no just reason why these colonies should coutribute to that service because the population and reveuue of New Zealand will not justify it bearing the whole ex pense of it at present. As our readers are probably already aware, the Victorian Government have in vited a conference of the whole of the Aus tralian colonies on the subject of the English mail service; ami iv view of the permanent establishment of the Torres Straits route, it is to be hoped this colony will not be unrepresented. We believe that ultimately it will lie found that an al ternate service by way of the West Coast of Australia on the ono side, and Torres St/aits on the other, will be found mo«t advan tageous. We may appropriately append the observations made by Mr. I)e Salis, in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, on the occasion of the vote for the Panama Mail Service being taken :— Mr. De Salis said tho hon. the Colonial Sec retary seemed to have a monomania upon this subject. The thing seemed t.> be utterly impos sible. If we made use of the line by Sue* or the line vid Torres Straits, there would be several means of increasing the speed, aud we should have it in our power to save half a month's communication between this and England. The course of post vid Marseilles wns now forty-nine days cash way. Although it was impossible to hasten the speed by the easterly direction, it was possible to increase it in the westerly direction, because there was a railway being ir.ade through Italy, which would save tho distance thirty-six hours. There were also other means of hasten ing the speed. We might, for instance, start a supplementary mail to catch the Sues mail, which would in all probability leave Sydney altogether, and start from Victoria. He had no doubt the humbugging that was going on now would have that effect; and if they left this town of Sydney, which was treating them so badly, they would only be doing that which was right. He did not see any reason why wo should not have mails from here to England and back again in three mouths. The advantages of the Suez lino contrasted greatly as far as the telegraph was concerned with the disadvantages we should continue to suffer by communication vid Panama. Tho Torres Straits route would be more advantageous even than the Panama line, inasmuch as it might ulti mately bring us thirty days' later news by eleotric telegraah. Having remarked that he did not know why the mails wero brought by the Phcebe instead of the Kaikoura, tho hon. gentleman again referred to tho difference be tween the two routes, and continued : For some reason or other the newspapers do not report what I say on this subject. The other day I repeated until I was ashamed of it, ten times in the course of ten minutes, that the second fortnightly communication between this and England v>a Suez, according lo the contract which we have with the P. and O. Company, might be performed at an expense of £50,000 a-year, of which England would pay one-half, that is £25,000, and the remuining colonies would pay in the same share as they pay for the present subsidy. The share of Sydney for the present subsidy is about £18,500; and any body can reckon that as we should hare to pay five-twelfths, we should hurc to pay £12,700—that is all it would cost us for com munication between this and England by that excellent line which is in contract to perform it. This is, however, something which for tome reason or other never finds its way to the public, and nobody knows anything about it. The hon. member having again repeated the same statement with some additions and varia tions, begged again to call the attention of the country to the fact that an extravagant sum was given for the most worthless of services. He said that exaggerations—ho thought almost inventions—had been made use of to extol those services. How was it that tho New Zealand Government were able to bamboozle the people of Sydney P Was it the New Zealand Government, or was it some merchants in Sydney, that had a peouliar interest in for warding this line P Were we to have a second edition of the alpacas or something of thai sort P He had his suspicions about the matter, and le begged to call the attention of the country to them. Br the steamer Clarence, which arrived last night from the north, we hare a copy of tho Maryborough Chronicle of December 19. That journal says :—" We have re-published below a letter from the Courier on Tim Shea's ease, purporting to come from " His Ghost," charging us with holding back part of th c evidence taken at the enquiry held by the Police Magistrate of Maryborough in this case. To which we reply that the report we published of that enquiiy was taken by a shorthand re porter, and is a verbatim report of what took place. If there be any difference between it and the depositions furnished by tho Police Magistrate, the probability is ours would be the fuller of the two—a newspaper admittng into its reports all that is tendered—amngistrate rejecting what is not strictly ovidence. We have shown no desire to screen the persons (who ever they may be) responsible for the unneces sary suffering which embittered tho last days of this man—nor, on tlie other hand, have we sought to make the case appear worse limn it has been represented to us—added any dark colors of our own to that description. We have contented ourselves with publishing the evidence in extenso, taken on oath ; and if that does not unfold a tale horrible enough to cause the Government and the persons implicated to take action to rid themselves of the disgrace by proving that evidence is false, it will be to their everlasting confusion. With reference to put ting the poor fellow in a three-bushel bag, with holes cut for his head and arms to protrude through, this was done by constable Bennot as an act of humanity; his (Shea's) own clothing getting so filthy, by reason of the diseaeo upon him, that the constable hod to throw them away." We may state, in justice to the Chronicle, that since the letter above referred to appeared, we have had the opportunity of comparing the report in that jouanal with the depositions taken at the inquiry, and found that they were in every respect aoourate; and that nothing material to the case was omitted. A MBLAKCHOLT and fatal accident is reported in the Hobart Town Mercury of the s:h in stant: —"It appears that Master Foster, a promising little lad, between six and seven years of age, was riding on his piebald pony along Barrack-street, at about half-patt 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon, being accom panied by Master Hinaby, who was also on horseback. When nearing tho corner opposite the barrack gate, a cab was observed coming down Davey-street at full upeed. Muster Hinsby kept his right side, taking v full nr.oep and passing the cab. He was clonely followed by Master Foster, but the cab took rather a wide sweep in turning the corner, and rui right into the poor lad, who was struck, it is believed, by the pole, knocked off hia puny, and the wheels of the cab passed over Lira. 1L was nt once picked up, and under the direction of the Hon. B. Q. Kermode, Esq., aud Dr. Itonson, who wero passing at the time, ho was conveyed into a cottage near the residenco of Captain Clinch. Dr. Bright was in attendance within half-an-hour, but on his arrival the poor little fellow had breathed his last. The namo of the driver of the cab was Newey, and it was filled with persons engaged in tho election. What j add* to the distressing character of this acci ' dent is the fact that Mr. anj^Ala Foster aro 1 now in Mullimii mi mi w \ianaMssssssssV _^M*^^^^^^MHi^aHHMBnBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBnni^M^rt 