GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. (Tuesday ) Appointments. — James Uiidgeham Mother well, Esq , M.D., to be a Member of the Council of the University of Melbourne, In the room of tho Hon. W. ' C. Ilaiues, deceased. (John Cogdon, E«n, , P.M., to be vlsiiiug justice of the gaol, Ballaarat, during the illness of S. T. Clis- sold.F.sq. The Rev. Arthur William Cresawell, Alfred Currie Wills, Henry William Dc Mole, Anthony L'Espinasso Martin nnd William Loman to he the trustees of the land set npart on the Q8th of September, 1803, for Church ol Eng land purposes, at Bright. John Henry Jackson, James Anderson, sen., John Kerr, Jnmrs M'Ltllan, and John Thomas Nrcbolls to be trustees of the land set apart on tho 10th of October, 1804, for cemetery purposes, at Sandford. H. 11. Dearsley, Wiliiatn Bolara, ond Edward Windus to be tbe trustees of the land purchnsed by the Church of England fur a minister's residence nt Snake Valley, Carngham. The Lord Bishop of Mel- bourn", James Wilberforce Stephen, William Edward Morris to be trustees of tbe land set apart on the 27th of October, 1602, for Church of Eugland purposes at Tarrawingee (west). Ihotnas Armstrong, Edward Evans, Edwatd Cullls, John Iiaine, John Iliks Petty, and An tonio Quadti to be trustees of the land set apart far cemetery purposes at Yarra Flats. Robert Huckson, Joliu Keys, Thomas llostin, Henry Powis, and Robert Caldlcott Walker to be a committee of management of the land set apart on the 6th of November, 1805, for Me chanics' Institute purposes at Dandenong. The undermentioned gentlemen to be public vaccinators, viz. : — Mr. E. W. Piews, for the district of Blackwood, vice John Mackenzie, M.D., who has left the district; Mr. David Mackny, surgeon, for the district of Lancefield, vice Mr. George Birney, resigned. Mr. James Smibert to be chief cletk and accountant (third class officer) nt the General Superintendent a olfice, from the 1st January, 1806, vice W. R. Buchanan, dismissed. Mr. Charles M. Maple- stone to be manager of electric telegraph and collector of imposts at Williamstown from 1st May, 1866, vice Mr. J. Smibert, promoted. Philip K. Tucker to be manager of ehctric telegraph and collector of imposts, also post master at Tarnngniln, from the 1st May, 1806, vice Mr. O. H, Mnplestone, transferred. Mr. Peter Orr (line repairer in charge ol electric telegraph) to act also as postmaster at Seymour, from the 11th April, ltGO. John Grhnsa Peers to be a raining surveyor aud mining registrar, vice W. W. Liddlard, resigned, Edward Bradshaw, to be manager (vice Thomas Newham, whose term of office has expired) of me cuujmuu mil ruuu passiug mrougll ine 00- rough of Richmond, via Church strset bridge to the junction of Chapel street with the Brighton road; Richard Letlibridge, to be the manager of the portion of the Melbourne to tbe Ballaarat road. Constable Alexander Dempster (No. 335), stationed et Coleraine, has been appointed by tbe council of the shire of Glcnelg to be inspector of slaughterhouses. Acts of Parliament left to their own Opebation. — The Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies has, in despatches bearing date respectively the 3rd nnd 20th days of February, 1800, intimated to the Governor that Her Ma jesty will not be advised to exercise Her power of disallowance in respect to the Acts of the Par liament of Victi-ria, passed in the 28th and 20th years of Her Majesty's reign, tbe numbers, titles, nnd d ites of which are hereto subjoined, viz. : No. 264. An Act to consolidate the Laws re lating to Public Health. (Assented to 1st June, 1865 ) No. 202 An Act to amend the Act No. 284. (Assented to 28th November, 1865.) Contracts Accepted — John Ilutcheon, extra work under contract 1270 of 165, at the Melbourne Whaifs, L142 15s. Od. C. J. Don, sundry works at the Industrial Schools, Prince's Bridge, Melbourne, L1043. Wiight Brookes, Bheltor sheds at the Industrial Schools, Prince's Bridge, Melbourne, L4G8.( Broadbeut, Wntson and Co., extra works under contract 700 of 1805, fencing and milking she Is nt tbe Indus trial Schools, Sunbury, L150 lis. Id. Overend and Robb, extra work uuder contract 014 of 1865 ; additional buildings, etc., for Industrial Schools, Sunbury, L111510S. Od. Overend and Robb, extra work uuder contract 1258 of 1865, deepening reservoir at Industrial Schools, Sun bury,. L207. T, Cole, sundry works nt the new Military Barracks, Melbourne, L50 17s. Wil liam Smith, extra woiks under contract 917 of 16G5, gun sheds, at new Military Bar racks, L218 19). 3d. William Murray, com pleting contract nnd extra woik under contract No. 1331 of 1865, rrpairs to bridge at the Yarra Falls, Melbourne, L593 14". 2d. Thomas Evans, tents and flys for the In dustrial Schools at Sunbury, L243. (The above contracts for " Works, etc.," ore all liabilities of 1805.) Abraham Linacre, towards erecling hos pital for the insane near Beechworth (fourth amount gazetted), L1G18 Is. OJ. Thomas O'Grady and Co., towards creeling hospital for the insane near Ararat (fourth amount gazetted), L5703 Cs. 7tl. Jonathan Newton, extra works under contract 1046 ot 1865, Court-house, Vaughan, L45 10s. : John Mattinson,. extra works under contract 1320 of 1805, works at La boratory, Botanic Gardens, Melbourne, J.31 5s. J. W. Burtt, eight tons of bone dust, at LG 7s. 6d. per ton. Wm. Thomas, canvas hags to sample, 150 (4ft. 21n. x 2ft. lOin ), ' L42 12f. 6d. ; 100 (Oft. x 2ft.), L18. T.W.Hull, rations during 1866, for prisoners at Grant, at rates. John Walsh, do at Palmtrstou. Works on Main Roads. — The under mentioned shire councils shall, within the times by the sold respective ciders oppoiuted, execute the works on main roads hereinafter named and subscribed, as provided by the 220th section of the said act, according to plans deposited with the Board of Lund and Works, that is to say : — Tho council of the shire of Ores wick within twelve months from the lGtb of April to drain, form, and metal about 1 mile 32 chainB and 75 links of the main Ballaarat to Clunes rood ; and drain, form, and metal about two miles 46 chains and 13 links of tbe main Creswlck to Daylesford . road. Tho council of the shire of Leigh wilhin twelve months from the 16th of April to drain, fotm, nnd metal about 4 miles 30 chains ami 44 links uf tbe main Upper Western rond. The council of tbe shire of Maldon, within twelve months from tho 16th of April, to drain, form, nnd inctnl about 1 mile and 40 chairs of the main Maldon t» Castlcmaine rood ; to drain, form, and metal ubout 55 chains of the main Maid to Maryborough road ; and to drain, form, and metal about 43 chains of the main Maldon toDuuoily road. matn Road. — The portion of the Sydney road extending from tiic enstern boundary of tbe borough ol Chillern to the eastern boundary of the Iodlgo Road District, lias been proclaimed a main road. River Hopkins. — The lltli clnuso of lite Fisheries nnd Game Statute has been extended to the River llopklns. The Portland Guardian has (he following arousing paragraph : — A ghost, but whether it is the one that- visited us two or three years ago, or a new one, we aro unable to say, lias been amusing itself in the streets niclitly for the pu-t two or three weeks. The Intert report we hove of it more thau verges on the marvellous. We ato told that on Friday night It was seen in an enclosed yard in Tyers Rlrcot ; it wns dressed in white, with a white can tied under the chin, aud was groping about ns if in scorch of something. The noise of n door opening startled it, when it leaped the fence, and l.i ! the white figure in the net of leaping turned black. Tho young person who witnessed this wondctful transforma tion ruu to Hie front of the house, and was just in time to see the ficttre crossing tho street, erect, but with something bko life motion of a kangaroo. He also states that the ghost is about tho lieighih of a ' medium-sized man." 