TOO WUCH MONEY. Chapter I. 14 The next question is, where shall she spend bet holidays ?' asked Uncle Charles. 44 with each of us in turn,' answered Uncle John. 44 No, no ; that will unsettle the child's mind,' interposed Uncle David. 44 Better leave her entirely to me, brothers,' quoth Unale Henry. 41 My establishment is more fit for a yonng girl than any of yours, because I am not quite a confirmed old hnrViplrtr—T no iyimyi tn tnnnr nnniA HnViaani! v/m nan all come and see her as often as you please.' My uncles seemed inclined to agree to this arrangement, when one of the dorks put his head in at the door, saying : 44 Lord Colooney wishes to see you, Mr. Debbs.' All four brothers started with astonishment. The conversation which I have just related took place In my uncle Henry's private office. Scattered about the room sat my uncles, bald- headed, Dutch-built, elderlr gentlemen, with heavy watch-chains and projecting stomachs ; while I, a slender little maiden of thirteen, nestled in one corner of an enormous leathern chair. I was timid and teaiful, for . Aunt Flora was just dead ; end though Aunt Flora did not treat me noariy so familiarly ns she trotted Xerxts, th ? great Pf-reian cat, still she was the only friend I had had for a long time. In came Lord Colooney, a tall old gentleman with snow while boir, a handsome colourless face, and auiost attractive Ftiiile upoq his lip. When he smiled, he retEindtd mo of dear j opo, and I loved hira. I was surprised to sec how my umTefc — especially Uncle Henry— bewed down before bim« Uncle Henry made such obsequious salams, that I thought he would never come up again, and yet I know that be was immensely rich, while Lord Colooney was very poor. Presently, when lheso polite salutations were con cluded, Lord Colooney called me to him, and taking my Lands kindly in his own, risked if I knew who he was, and 1 said: 44 Yes, you are grandpapa.' With this statement he Fttxntd highly pleased, and gave me a hiss. Tbe five gettlimtr then began to tattle very earnestly and vny lengthily, so that although I understood a good deal that they paid, I grew rather weary, and yawied once or twice privily behind my hand. Uncle John noticed this, pnd said kindly : 44 You are getting tired, Louisa. Here, Mr. Furlong, take this young lady out for a walk ; show her !be shops, and buy her something to eat.' Mr. Furlong was o bristly-baited, long-legged personage, ve ry nervous and vtry apologetic. He apologised to me for having left his gloves in his greatcoat pocket, and also on d it covering that he had come out with hi* pen behind his ear. I bad two buns and a strawberry ice at a pastry- cook's, and then be at-ked me what 6urt of shops 1 would like te look at. I said I would sooner go into a quiet place, away firm tbe noise of tbe carriages. So he took me into a delightful little churchyard, with houses all round it. He remained eg silent, that I thought he hated haviog to come out with me, and I asked him why he did not talk. 4' It's not my place, miss,' be said humbly, 44 to talk to a young lady like you. I'm only a clerk'— he pronounced the word as if rhyming to Turk — 44 while you are grand daughter te a peer of the realm, and heiress, to thirty thousand pounds.' 4' 1 kirty thousand pounds ! Are you sure ? 44 Positive, miss. The governor cent mo down to the Commons to lock at the will.' 4* And whohan given me all this money P 4k Your aunt, Miss Flora Dobbs, miss.' By this time Mr. FurloDg had overcome his shyness, and told me what a clever woman my aunt was, and how she spent all her life in the accumulation oi house- property, 4i Being a child, you only knew he% miss, as a lover of cafe. But cats was merely her relaxation. Leaseholds, copyholds, ground-rents, and carcasses was tho business of her life ; and she doubled her original capital.' Mr Furlong grew gradually more and more com inuni otivc, and launched out into eurh praises of my faibi r, that my cyee sparkled with pleasure. 44 Four limes.' be eaid, '* have 1 had tbe honour of seeing the captain. What a fine 'andromc, manly gentleman he was! Fiee-hondtd, like most Iiirieh gents, but apeifect nobleman in hi* ideas. Ami when 1 heard ho was drowned aboard the yacht in Cardigan Bay, I took the Bills Receivable out of the safe, and looking at the acceptances signed Adam t-itzudam, 1 said with a sigh : ''Ah, nobjdy will take you up now when yeu come to maturity V I did not understand this flight of eloquence, but it sounded very pathetic; and as Mr. Furlong crew his coat sleeve across his ej es, I wiped away a tear or two with my pocket-handkerchief. 44 1 think, miss, we had better be returning,' said Mr. Furlong. 44 And, oh, Miss Fitzadam !' be continued, in a heartfelt tone, 11 should it ever be in your power- which, doubtless, it will— to 'elp a poor clerk who h-s only a 'undcrd a year, and an aged relative to keep out of tbat, not to mention an attachment of seven years' standing at Cambtrwel), but unable to be compassed through poverty on both rices, I hope, MisB Fitzadam. you won't forget the bumble patty who now addresses you ' *' I premise you I will cot,' I exclaimed warmly. ben we returned to the office, I found that all my relatives bad left excepting Uncle Henry, who was seated alone with Lotd Colooney. 44 Well, Louiea,' eaid my grandfather, 44 we have bettled our business, and I hope yeu will approve of the arrange ment. Your uncles have, in the most generous and disinterested manner— I allude especially to Mr. Henry Dobbs— waived the natural desire tbey felt to superintend your education. They have consented to intrust that duty to my unwoithy self. I could not have ventured to under take the tatk, but for tbe confidence which I repose in Lady Colooney's prudence and wiedom.' 44 It'e much the be6t plan, my lord,' observed Uncle Henry; 44 and 1 hope your lordship will excuse my brothers Charles and David for their rudeness. As for John, 1 knew he would listen to my arguments. He always does, my lord. 1 here can't be any question in the matter. We are plsin commercial men, immersed in business, while your lordsbip is band-in-glovo with the world of fashion. My niece's fortune is held in trust by us four brothers, and I hope she may live to adorn such a station as your lordship and her ladyship may see fit to bestow upon her,' 'Are you satisfied, Louisa?' asked my grandfather with a sweet smile, as he drew me towards hiin, 44 Quite satisfied,' said I, kissing his cheek. Uncle Henry also saluted me, and (he interview came to an end. Chatter II. Tbe Dobbses were a money-making family. My great grandfather, who came up to London with a seven shilling piece and fourpeDce-balfpenny in his pocket, left a very pretty fortune to his son. My grandfather managed this pretty fortune 60 cleverly that he enlarged it into what was calleo a 44 plum ' in those days. At his detlh, his 44 plum ' was - ivided fairly -and equitably among four sons ard two daughters. My uncles, especially Henry and John, bad all increased their original proportions by assiduous industry ; and Aunt Flora, as I have shewn, lollowtd their example, but my mother, who was the child \- f uiv grandfather's old nge, seemed to be cast in a different mould. A year after my grandfather'b death, she delivered her fortune, together with her own pretty hand, to the uneor diticnul cure and lecping of the Honorable Adam FiiEadam, Captain in Her Majesty's —th Dragoons, and Laid lohoiiey's youngest son. My prudent uncles disapproved of tbe match; and Aunt Flora was very angry indeed at Louisa's sentimental folly in marrying the younger son of a pauper peer (my respected aunt seems to have relished tbis bit of alliteration, for I find it repeated seven times in her coirespondence of that period). But what did my mother carer she was a high-spirited wilful y oung lady, and she loved Captain Fitzadam's little finger better than the corporal substance of all her brothers and sisters put together. I d^n't wonder that 6hc lovodmy father, for he was a most lovable man. And such a bandsimc mat, too ! Such a noble figure, such beautiful blue eyes, and such waving brown hair! Full of fan and frolic; and on wet days— which are not uncommon in the wott of Ireland— he 'would piny puss- in- the* corner with mamma and me, and Ntrah the nurse, as if he h&dl; been only six years old. But he bad some peculiarities. He fancied, nevus very natural for a young Irish gentleman, that my mother's sixteen thousand pounds was sixteen thousand a year. So he kept a pack of hounds, and ran borsc-s at the races, and bought a yacht, and entertained his fiierids royally. Mamma and I often accompanied him on boat d the yacht, and i used to help to pull up what are caDed the rignal- hilyards with my little feeble hands. How well I recollect one capcc al day on Kingsiotrn Pier ! My father, in bis straw-bat and blue jacket, looking every inch a sailor-king, wanted my mother to cross over with him to Cardigan Bay, But she declined, because her health was just then a little delicate; So he and two jovial bachelor friends went together, and we watched them waving their hats as they hoisted mamma's private flag. We never saw him again. Some said the vessel made too much water, otheis hinted that there was too much champagne on bontd. Whatever was the cause, the Koroh Cretna foundered off the Caernarvonshire coast, and though every bo :y else escaped in the boat, my poor father, who was a most excellent swimmer, was drowned. I have only a confused recollection of what followed. Our nice bouse seems to havo been transported by some magic influence into a back-street in Dublin, the garden had sbtunk into a shabby yard, and mamma did not look so prcify as the used to look. She had paic checks and rod eye£; and after my little brother was born (of course he wss called Adam), she stayed in bed a goad deal. We bad a great many visitors, but they were mostly dis agreeable people, who used to have long conferences with Norah in the passage, and never got any further -except one man, a very nice man with a dirty face, who was always in tbe Mtclien, and who taught mo how to make garden-nets. He told me his name was Mr. Bailiff. I tUFpect we were very poor at that time; but mamma declared that the would' not ask her brothers and sister to help her, because they had been so unkind about Captain Fitzadam. At last mamma grew very iU, and then Aunt Flora came over from .England with two pet cats in a bafcket. Mr. Bailiff went away, and the dinners became much ticer tban they used to be. But mamma had no appetite for the nice dinners; she got paler and weaker every day, and when little Adam died in teething, she soen followed him. The interval was really longer; but, to my child ith receilectios, the great black box and the little black box eeem to have been both carried out of (he house on the some day. Chapter III. Nobody troubled themselves about me in those days except Aunt Flora, and even she was only distantly kind when I come home for the holidays. Hut when Auat Flora died, and left me ell her properly (except five hundred pounds devised for the purpose of founding a Refuge far the Stray Cats of St George's, Bloomsbury), I became quite an important personage. My uncles vied, as I have shewn, for the honour of entertaining me ; and my grandfather, who had hitherto remained oontentediy ignorant of ruy existence, carried me away with him to Paris. Lady Colooney, his second wife, who had a large family of her own, received me very graciously, which was not surprising; for, by a private arrangement with Uncle Henry, the whole interest of my thirty thousand pounds was paid quarterly to my grandfather, and constituted a very pleasant addition to the precarious income whioh he derived from his heavily mortgaged property in Connaught. But far greater luck was in store for me. Within a few years, my uncle Henry died, without even accomplishing his long-intended marriage, end left me the whtfe of his fortune— more than two hundred and fifty thousand pounds. Uncle John, who during life had always followed his stronger minded brother's example, imitated him by dying a few months later, end bequeathing me seventy thousand fiounds. Thus, a girl who, only a few years before, was eft a penniless orphan, found herself, at the age of seven teen, worth at least three hundred and fifty thousand pounds. I felt rather vexed than pleaeed at the amazing increase of my wealth. Thirty thousand pounds was a very nice sum to marry with, but ten times that amount was a burden and an annoyance. I did not forget my old acquaintance, Mr. Fuilong, who bad been (brown out of employment by my uncle Htnry'B death. I should have liked ? ? ^iwu bim a thousand pounds (a mere dropout of the in of toy riches), just to enable him to marry his Cumhut veil 'weet* heart comfortably; hut Lndy Colooney, to \\*born I mentioned the matter, talked so solemnly of thcrcspmri lilitieBof people of property, declaring that my giff. would be Ibcruiu oi a well- conduced and industrious young man, that I wsb forced to content mysolf by recomtnendiug him to my uncles Charles and David. They wore new in pnrimrthip together, and wishing to ob'''*0 their powerful ward, made Mr. Furlong their chicf-clerl JJ The Colooneys benefited immensely uy my improved fortunes. My grandfather, who used to live in a poorly futnhbed oppatUmcnt} who dined, when not invited else where, at a UiOdest, restaurant, ana who had much ado to keep the second family with which Lady O. presented him decently attired, now came ever to Engluud, and lived in a style consistent with bis grand daughter's riches. He took asumptuous Btlgravian mansion, and gave grand entertain minis, One son entered the Guards, another became a cintlsman-commoner at Oxford, while my aunts (it seems funny to call them sunt*, for tbey were girls of iny own age) astonished tbe woild by the brilliancy and variety of their toilets. As for myself. 1 ought to have been very happy, for my grandfather treated me with the most charming politeness, Lady Colooney was honey-BWeet; all the family annngenients weremadeto depend on my Boverciga will and pl- asure. But 1 soon began to feel the disadvantages of great wealth; I became as notorious as if I had committed a murder. The newspapers chronicled my movements in a very special rnanLer. I had a little Court Circular all to myself. As for begging-letter writers, from clergy men wanting to build new churches, down to carpenters who had just loet their lool-chet-te in a fire, I should have been inundated with tbem, had not Lady Colooney (an admirable monager in thiB respect) kept them off. Even in society, I was gazed at rather unpleasantly. People seemed to wtndcr that a girl w ho bad suddenly become a millionaire \- should look like any one else, and I think some of my own sex were disappointed to find that I was not extraordinarily plain. 7 h«n I wob never suffered to be alone. Should the other members of the family quit the room in which I was sitting, a cozfidential governess or a trustworthy friend would glide in, as if by mogic. Did I retire for half an hour's solitude to my boudoir , there was alwayB a lady's n.aid seated in the antechamber. I complained to Lady Coloenev about it, and she answered me quite frankly, 41 My dearest Louisa,' she eaid solemnly, 44 in your position it is absolutely necessary. Your great fortune compels us to treat you almost as if jou were a royal personage. You arc young and inexperienced ; you have no idea, my Bweot child, u bat sdaics and traps beset tbe path of an heiress.' I knew what this meant in plain English — it meant that there weio plenty of people reudy to run away with me egoiDft my will ; and tbat those charmingly-polite trades men v ho conic and shew to us wealthy folks lace, old china, and dioiuond bracelets, might possibly be unscrupulous hein ss-buntii g adventurers. I oreamed one night that two villains, disguised as washerwomen, carried me off in a clothes-basket, and held me to ransom in some dreadful genet fur a hundred thouaund pounds, One thing was soen settled, that I was to many a duke. Untbrtunau-ly, there were only six disengaged dukes, and I did not care for any of them. But Lady Colooney convinced mc that I must either marry a man sb wealthy as myself, or else a man of the must exalted rank. Any other match, she said, would be degrading to a person in mv position. 'Hei^h-ho!' I used to say to myself, when watching some poor milliner or governess tripping along the streets aU alono and unprotected, 44 who would wish to be rich? I am kept ULder the strictest surveillance, and treated like a superfine ticket-of-le&ve; man. I am weary of perpetuul deference and adulation. 1 should enjoy a good wholesome scolding, such as Koroh used to administer. Now, nobody scolds me, and nobody loves me. 1 am merely an animated 'Koh i-noor;' something which every one regards with intense watchful ness and anxiety.' Chapter IV. Conceive a young lady with three hundred and fifty thousand pounds in love! It sounds ridiculons^but it was true. Moreover, it was secret, unreciprocated love. I met him several times in society, and I first took an interest in bim because he talked to me with frankness and freedom. Ihc young men generally were so tiresomely amiable, or else so shy and diffident, I suppose on account of my unlucky wealth, that I could not tolerate them. But Captain Batcliffe seemed totally indifferent to my bank treasures, and treated me as a young lady whose society he preferred for her own sake. I told Lady Colooney this, and that lie actually scolded me (I forgot what for, but the sensation was very pleasant). She replied that I little knew the cunning of tbe masculine heart, and that Captain Ratcliffe s blunt sincerity was far more suspicious than the most fultome adulation. 44 But, my child,' says she, 41 you must not dream of him for a moment. He is a man of good family, but utterly poor. He has only his staff-appointment (worth about four hundred a year) and his captain's pay, with a prospect of ten thousand pounds when his mother dies. Tou might as well think of marrying the hall porter.' I efterwaids regretted that I had displayed my penchant so tramparently to her acute ladyship, for by some Machiavellian contrivance (as I thought at the time), she managed tbat we should no longer meet. Wherever we went, to dinner-partieB, fetes, or 44 drums,' I looked anxiously for my captain's tall figure, but he remained invisible. One day while I was meditating about Captain Ratcliffe, end wondering whether, on further acquaintance, he could possibly separate me froqi my detestable money-bags, and love me for my own sake — while I was tliu* building a day dream, and sipping an afternoon cunot' tea in company with n y giendi&iber;, and his wife: Lord Colooney suddenly set down his tca- cup, uttered a diplomatic h — m, and then addressed me in the following alarming language: 44 Louise, my dear, I am growing old, and you are nearly nineteen.'— Two undeniable facts, and of a sufficiently prosaic character, but to me very terrifying, for I guifsed, what was coming next. — 44 1 should much like, and bo would Lady Colooney ' (she was only forty-seven, and did not caie to be addressed as grandmamma) ; 44 we should much like, my dear, to eee you engaged to some honourable and respectable man. You will perhaps hereafter appreciate much more than you can at present, the labours and anxieties which we' havo both undergone on your behalf. You are probably scarcely aware of the responsibilities attaching to the guardianship of a young person whom Providence has blessed eo bountifully.' 44 In fact, ruy dear Louisa,' interposed Lady Colooney, who began to perceive that her worthy lord was becoming a little prosy, 4-niBsy overtures have been made for the honour of your bond. We desired to consult your happiness, oi -i that alone, and we have been compelled to reject them all.' t4DaB Captain — Itatcliffe,' I asked, stammering and blathing, 'eaid anything to you, Lady Colooney? 4- Certainly not, my dear/' answered my grandfather's wife aWst sternly. 'kTbe offers I speak of were from persons of far higher position ; but at length a proposal hes been made from a quarter which Lord Colooney and m-se]f consider Unexceptionable.' 44 One of the six dukes?' I asked rather pertly. 44 You are right, Louisa,' replied Lady Colooney, smothering any resentment which she might feel at my manner : it is one of the six dukes.' 44 1 hope not the Duke of Cockcrmouth, that goaty old creature ?' 41 No, my love. A most excellent, highly- principled youDg man— odIj three years older than yourself.' 44 Barnstaple ?' 44 Yes, the Duke of Barnstaple. He is not rich; so that &b; Colooney ho& very pointedly observed, your wealth will gracefully gild his coronet ; but he has sufficient to prevent people from saying that he married for money. You will be a nice, snug, comfortable couple, with I should say, &b;«ut twenty-five thousand a year. Not a large income for a duke, but an income which a' prudent young man like Barnstaple will, I sm sure, find sufficient.' I could not help smiling to hear Lady Colooney talk so glibly about twenty-five thousand a year, when I re membered that in her Parisian troisietne etagc days, she did her own marketing, and was reckoned such a keen bargainer, that the Dames des Dalles fled at her approach. 44 Veil, Louisa, what do you think of it?' asked my grandfather. 44 1 don't know what to think of it,' I answered coolly ; 44 1 suppose 1 must many somebody, if I don't wish to ripen into a millionaire old maid ; and, after all, dukes are & very respectable body of men.— But do you think, Lady Colooney/' I added with some hesitation, 'that the duke can possibly feel any— any — regaid for me ?' 44 My love,' ebe said, kissing me affectionately, and Eheddiug a tear as she did so, which rolled down my neck, and disconcerted me extremely, 44 you shall hear from his own lips to-morrow ; he is coming to dine with us*' Chapter V. I often used to wonder, as I eat before the glass, while Ecphemia was busy adorning me for the evening eacrifice, whether I was really nice looking: I could not trust my own c) es ; they Were sure to te partial, and I could not get sn opinion from any one else. If I questioned Euphemia, she (dust into a subdued little lady's* maidish laugh, ana beginning . 44 Dear me, miss,' would pour forth & wishy washy flood of palpable flattery. Now, I think an heiress has more right to be anxious about her looks than any one else, for if she is pretty, » mebody may possibly forget her bank securities, and fall in love with. her beauty ; whereas if (he is a fricht, she may he nearly certain that her cash, and her catn only, is the object of the false swain's worship. Of course, I was anxious to look well that evening when (be duke was coining— I should not he a woman u I had not. Besides, it wab to be a most private festival. Nobody but my grandfather, Lady Colooney, myself and the future Husband. At a large dinner-party, one may escape notice; but when there are only four people at table, you ?an, without any staring or breach of politeness, examine every item of your neighbours' dress, features, and ex pression. Well, the duke arrived, and we all stood quietly at tbe drawing-room windows admiring the sunset, which, for a Lrndon exhibition of the kind, was quite a gorgeous fiffrtir ; then at a quarter to nino we sat down to dinner Lord and Laoy Colooney at tbe head and foot of the table, and his Grace and myself opposite each othor. Tho old folks pratf led very pleasantly to moke up for the young folks' silence. 1 sufpcot both ti us youthful persons were sadly distrait. I knew what tho duko had come for, and I wondered whether he suspected that I knew. He was really very nice-looking— about tho middle height-, with a fair, ^fresb, open free, nnd little downy whiskers just buddiDg on his checks. RuLber given to blushing, but that, perhaps, was because I eat opposite bim. Ho talked with tho utmost naturalness and modesty, and was certainly as phasant a specimen of a 44 bloated aristocrat' as I have ever encountered. The conversation during dinner was utterly trivial and unintereiting ; but at dessert, Lord Culoonoy began to speak o! the wotpects of the forthcoming grouse-season in kcoilend. 'Fto got, a letter to-day.' eaid the duke, 44 tbat makes n e ratlin rif spire grouso- shooting, or even deer-stalking. IUhci (but. Cuhumey.' My grandfather raised hit. glasses, hid read the pnsregc indicated. 'I had tue honour of putfirp a bulltii into the (kull of the old lion, while the riuik and Lis fulJew^is Fdtlid tbe lioness, I mem to bring the cubs home,' end, if your grace will open a menagerie at Lulvmon Manor, shall have much pleasure in presenting ihim lo you.' ' Only fancy, Miss Fitzftdnvri !' said tho duke; 44thi8 glorious (port ie within a wcek.*s journey of where we are i«ow sittitg— in the Al]a6MouutniD8. Captain Ratcliffe's a lucky frilcw.' 44 Is ihat. Captain Ratoliflfe of the — th regiment?' I atVcd, colouring, 44 Yes. Do )ou know him? Capital fellow— splendid shot, and n good bnretman.' 'We know him very slightly,' interposed Lady Colooney. w ho hod observed my blushes. Wc iflaieB now rose from table, and left the gentlemen to that curt ftjoyment of their wine, which is sanctioned by mtdern habits. On reaching tbe drawing-room. Lady Colooney again kissed my cheek, murmuring as she did eo : 'My child, no wonder you feel Bgitated' (for a girl of niuetem, who wss about to encounter a proposal, I felt rctuHiLftbly cool) ; 44 but 1 can judge of your sensations by my own. It will soon be over, Louisa' (Lady C. epoke a9 if it. was a tooth), 44 and eveiy thing is arranged. Colooney will slip quietly out of the room: I shall presently follow ; and I thatl give Lipthorpe' (this was the butler) 44 the most stringent orders to admit no one to the drawing-room or twenty minutes following.' Presently the gentleman cameup stairs, and I began to feel really nervous, especially when my respected grand fat her, mutt ei iug some indistinct remark about an important letter on hie dressing-table, left tbe room, Her ladyship brought a volume of eighteenth-century caricatures for the duke to look at, in my company ofoour&c.and; then ehe also slid imperceptibly out of the room. I did not dare look up, nor did I hear her go, yet I knew that ehe had gone, and that 1 and the man who wished to make me his Wife were left alone together. I felt eo Billy and so shy, and was so certain that the duke must notice an enormous blush which seemed lo spread from my forehead to my ehoulders, that I kept on staring at one sketch without uttering a word, 44 You seem struck with tliat drawing, Miss Fitzadam,' eaid tbe duke. 'No— yes— that is-I beg your Grace's pardon— I was thinking how familiar the hooped dress seems to the eye. It gives the picture quite a modem look.' ' Execily,' replied his Grace. Then with an altered air, and a flurried tone of voice, lie continued, nfier looking up item the sketch-book: 'Miss Fitzadam, I perceive that your grandfather and grand mother (I beg your pardon, I Kiean Lady Colooney) happen to be both out of the room. May I take tbe opportunity to e&y; a few words to you en a sul jtct w hich deeply concerns my future happiness P' The poor young man delivered this sentence with wonderinl glibucss; I have no doubt he had learnt it by heart, like a muiden-speech for the house ; but after it, he Ireke into a succession of abort spasmodic ejaculations, of v hich I can recollect very little, fur I was myself quite pale, and much more frightened than I had expected to be. But he said something of this sort : 44 Admired you immensely, Miss Fitzadam, the first moment I eaw you — 'Fraid you think I'm too young— fault 1 shall amend every year, ha ! ha !— ought to marry — man in my position— never seen any girl —any one, I mean — like so well— if you'll take me, Miss Fitzadam, ds all I can to make you a happy wife.' He looked so modest and yet so manly as he said these words, that my heart wqb touched, and the tears gathered in my eyes. 44 Perhaps he really loves me,' I thought. Then I told him how sudden the proposal had been, that he mUht excuue me from saying cither 44 Yes' or 41 No' at 1 present ; that we must see more of each other ; and that in a few monthi— T he duke evidently took all this to mean 44 Yes,' for he interrupted my broken utterances by respectfully kissing my hand, end then (I suppose Lipthorpe gave the signal) my grandfather re-entered the room in the most hypocri tically-unconcerned manner, .followed by Lady Colooney who/as if her whole soul was devoted to prints, exclaimed vivaciously : 44 Duke, I've found the second volume of the caricatures!' And indued one of Mr. Lipthorpe'a myrmidons brought it on & tray, and so ended the proposal-scene* Ciutter VI. Of course the wedding-engagement (for such it became) of two feu eh great perscnages as his Grace of Barnstaple and ruyeelf soon got mysteriously hinted at in the fashion able newspaper0. Months patssed away ; Seymour and I (I give his Christian nauie) saw more of each other, and liked each other betier for the increased acquaintance. The season came to an end. Seymour went to the moors, and niy grandfather and his wife accompanied me on a visit to a certain Mrs. Lornax, an old widow-lady in Devonshire. T hey were rather late r if ere in that house, and the post man used to arrive before we descended to breakfast One morning as I was coming down stairs, I was surprised to eve j hear Mrs. Lornax, who was usually a lethargic person, enying in an excited tone of voioe to one of the servants: 44 Have you taken the letters to Miss Fitzadam'e room ?' 44 No, ma'am.' 44 Give them te me then— givo them to me ; sho mast en no account have tbem.' What could be the matter? I entered the breakfast parlour, and found Lady Colooney seated on tha eofr, sobbing hysterically ; while iny grandfather stood at the niaiiiel-pit.ee, hie face deadly pale, and an open letter in his hand. 44 My dear!' exclaimed Mrs. Lomax hurriedly, 'you bad belter not come in just xxow, Take her to her room, do, poor creature,' she said, addressing another old lady, a tali venerable- looking personage, 44 while I attend to die Colooneys.' I did not know the lady— a Mrs. Ratcliffe — who led me gtntly y et forcibly up stairs, fur she was a visitor, who, being hs eaily in bir habits as Mrs. Lomax was late, had come five-and- twenty miles by railway that morning. I was terribly agitated. 44 Xelline, I bog you, madam,' I Eaid, as 'soon as I reached my room, 44 what ie the maiter.' 41 1 really do not know,' replied the visitor kindly* 41 1 had scarcely taken -ff my bonnet when the post arrived, and Lord and Lady Colooney immediately becamo so deeply affected.' 14 One of their children must be ill or dead. Please inquire for n.e; Imutakcow, dear Mrs.'— 44 Ratcliffe,' said the old lady quietly, aud left the room. That name sent a thrill through my heart, for which I felt ashamed. 1 had reason to be aciiamed, for the next infetant 1 vas thinkiDgof Seymour. 44 Perhaps/' I thought, uEume terrible accident on the inuora has 44 It is neither death nor illness/' eaid Mrs. Ratcliffe, as ehe quietly n -ecteied therocm. 44 T hank God ! thank God !' I exclaimed, 44 But as regards youroelf, they tell rue it is worse news than that.' 44 Worse than that i What can bo worse than that ?' 44 Mire Fitzadam, you have two uncles, mercantile men.' 44 Yes, Uncles Charles and David ; what of them?' 44 Last year Ihey took another partner into their business.' 44 Well?' 44 My dear young lady, lie led them into enormous speculations; tbey lost severely, and in trying to save tbenjEelvcs from failure, have misappropriated almost all your property.' ^ And is that all, dear Mrs. Ratcliffe ? I am bo happy ; . But the excitement was too much for me, and I fainted away. Chapter VII. The Dnke of Barnstaple (1 must coase to call him 8eynjour) wrote me a very handsome, honourable letter, e&ying; that no reverse of fortune would induce him to recall his declaration ; but I fancied I could trace in its sentences a tone of coldness and restraint, so 1 replied bluntly, that unless he were certain that he could love me for my own sake, we had better break off tho engagement. Some third party (a friend of tho duke) then intervened, and begun & loug con eppondence with Lady Colooney. Tiie end ot it was that the compact was dissolved to my great contentment. But oh ! you can't conceive the buoyancy of my spirits when I found that 1 was reduced to comfortable poverty! Wki-n the bankrupts' estate was wound up, I received five thousand pounds, and perhaps one of these days 1 shall get a further aividend. Then I went down to tbe City in great state in. a common street-cab, and called at my uncles' counting- tiouee. Anxiety and disgraoe had turned them into two shrunken old men. Tiiey looked at mo us if 1 had been a ghost. 4* UnclcB Charles and David,' 1 eaid heartily, -(I have come to thank you.' At these words they stared at mo with open mouths. 44 For losing my fortune. Naiuro did not iutend me for a rich won.cn. That three hundred and fifry thousand pounds wsb a terrible butden* I am now comfortably poor, and thoroughly happy.' 1 believe they iliought I mi crazy. At last Uncle Charles ventured to speak. 44 You recollect that clerk. Douisa, that took you to tho pastry-cook's six years ego?' 44 Of course 1 do wby, I recommended him to you.' 44 Ab! eo you did,' groaned Uncle Charles. 44 My memory's failing. Well, that clerk was the cause of our ruin. He was what they call an enterprising man. Wo took him into partnership, and'— 'He has landed us in Buaingball Street,' eaid Unole David. 44 As far as I nm conocnied,' I said, 41 Mr. Furlong has mv full and free forgiveness. But let me ask one question. Did he ever marry tkc Camberwell lady ?' 44 He did, and it was her love of dress and gaiety Chat first set him speculating.' ?l Bow hard it isto do good ui this world!' I murmured. To conclude. Uncles Charles and David are on their legs again, doing a small safe business, such as befits two ola bachelors of sixty- five. Bdr. Furlong is in America. As for myself, I trade great friendB with Mrs. Batoliffa, and in the course of o&r; Acquaintance discovered & secret. The secret was, that 1 had made a deep impression an her son months before, but as he did not dare to propose to a millionaire, he determined to deaden his grief by slaying lions in Algeria. You may conceive that what I confided in return to Mrs. Ratcliffe was of so e&oouraging; a nature, tbat after a while Capiain Ratcliffe spoke to me himself on the subject; and tbe end of it is that we mean to oast in our lot together, and become one of the happiest eouples in Honeymoonshire.— Chambers. The Secretary of the new Bank of Turkey is at Constan tinople, making arrangements for commencing buriaees. The local Board consists of three Armenians, 