ITEMS OF NEWS. By advertisement it will be seen that Mr Nicholson announces his intention of holding weekly sales of sheep at Gaffuey's yards, Guildford. The sale will take place ou each Wednesday. We are requested to notice that Mr Nichol son will sell to-day, in the western wing of the Market, 25 bodies of beef, and 150 carcasses of mutton. In our report of the proceedings of the Borough Council, in yesterday's issue, Councillor Tatber is represented as having seconded the the motion of Councillor "Newcom be, for prose cuting Sergeant Crowley. The motion was seconded by Councillor Taylor. Mr Christophers, the honorary secretary to the Local, Intercolonial, and Polytechnic Exhi bition, has issued cards to the several members of the committee, who have undertaken tb can vass the district for exhibits. We hope the public will make a ready response to the call made on them, so that the number of exhibits might be large, and form a fair representation of the resources of the district. We some time ago noticed that a prospecting party (Cairnes and Co.) were engaged on a reef in the line of the Yineyard reef. Several holes have been sunk to a depth ranging from ten to forty feet. Yesterday a trial lot of two tons was taken out at the former depth, arid loz of gold taken therefrom. The reef, which is quite dis tinct from the Yineyard, presents a large body of quartz. Claims have been marked out both above and below the prospecting claim. A parly working ou the lower ground had 14dwt out of a trial lot of two tons taken at a depth of forty feet. The reef is named the " Lady Sutton." The reef lately opened in Golden Gully has been yielding well. Stephens and. party ob tained from loz to lioz to the ton. Siddon and party, who are working the adjoining, claim, have not yet been lucky enough to strike (the same run of quartz, their yields being much smaller. In the neighborhood of Specimen Hill, more activity is being displayed, and the new reef, betiveen Spring and Golden gullies, is beingvery actively prospected. We are informed that the party of German miners carrying ou puddling operations hear the road at Adelaide Flat, Chewton, are doing ex ceedingly well, from 10 to 12oz per week being the result of their labors. The quantity of wash dirt is small, and a good deal of work is neces sary to get it out. A. discovery of bones, apparently belonging to a kangaroo, has been made by some miners at Campbell's. Creek.: . The remains were found at a depth of about sixteen feet in new and solid ground.; A heavy wash of gravel runs in the immediate vicinity resembling the bed of some former creek. The state of the road at the foot of Wesley and Montgomery Hills promises to become a nuisance of as- long standing as the famous Telegraph Bridge corner. The late rains have washed away the smalls heaps of dirt which protected foot travellers from vralkiDg r direct into the drain at the former place. On each side of the water-course a panel of fencing re quires to be erected. If this is not done the Council will have to pay damages to some per son who will unfortunately fall into the trap. The following outstanding accounts were re ceived at the Pay Office,. Barker-street, yesteU day Dr. Mackay, S. Murray, W. T.- Osborne' j/ Blanchard, Bisset and Co., <1\. D. Hatch' Matthews and Co., L. Langslow, E. W. Piews, C';!M. Lafranki, Fryers District Road Board, Mackay and Ross, D. Rourke. : At the Police Court yesterday, the only/charge on tlie sheet was one against a Chinaman for larceny. No evidence was adduced, and the police applied for his discharge, which was -granted, - i t We, Maryborough Advertiser, have heard agood deal about striking for wages, because a reduction woiild not be submitted to, but a novel case has come under our notice, for the truth of which . we . can vouch . A ivorkihg mirier came to his employers the other day, and said that he wished to leave their employ, in.which he had been for some months, ; rreceiving £2 5s per week as .his hire. He owed, some small debts contracted during the drought, , and; .urged as his reasou for leaving, that his cre ditors knew that he was in the receipt of regular wages, and were always asking for a settlement of accounts. He therefore intended to go fossicking again. "But," said the employer, "can you earn 3Ds per week, theu, on the average " No," .was the reply, "but then my creditors will know that, I have not got the money, aud will not ask for pay ment." We commend this novel advantage of poverty to those of our working miners who are such devout believers in high wages. . / ; A singular occurrence is thus related by the Yass Courier:—" Mr Thomas Colls, of the Commercial Hotel has some fam-y i'autail pigeons. One of his pure-bred Spanish hens laid nine eggs in the pigeon-box, and, singular to relate, oue of the pigeons hatched one of the eggs, and brought forth a Spanish chicken." The Maryborough Advertiser writes —A forcible illustration of the old saying that 0 devil is not so black as he is painted, was given in the Maryborough Police Court, on Monday , for Shing Fat, who was looked upon by tile public generally, and gold-buyers m particular, as a cunning rascal, earning a disreputable living by the manufacture of spurious gold turns out to be an injured man. It will be remembered tha he stood charged with attempting to sell adul terated metal as genuine gold, and the case was remanded, to allow of the parcel being assayed. This has been done by Mr Henry Benjahn, the Ballaarat expert, when lo ! this clever manufac ture turns out to be genuine but dirty gold, ot good quality, worth about £4 per ounce. This evi dence, of course, quashed the case at once, and Honest John left the Court triumphant, for the investigation has performed the same good office for Shing Fat's character, as the crucible ha3 done for his gold. The termination of, the case may transpose the relative positions of the sides engaged, as it not unlikely that the London Chartered Bank may ; be called upon to defend themselves in an action for defamation of character and false imprisonment, as Mr Samuel, Simon Pure's attorney, hinted at ulterior proceedings; and from the pleased ex pression on that astute gentleman s face- caused probably by the prospect of liberal fees to be extracted from the ; coffers of the wealthy banking, corporation— we think he means it. As a Chinaman has been the defamed personage, of course the affair is looked upon as a capital joke ; but if Brown, Jones, or Robinson had suffered, the indignation would have been tremendous. Not withstanding the evidence of Mr Benjahn, all- the gold -buyers in the' town maintain that the gold was adulterated, arid was, indeed, an amalgam, and that by smelting, the quicksilver has evaporated. It is still contended that the parcel was manufac tured gold. The public, however, are bouud to accept the result of the assay, and if the case comes before a jury they, as good men and true, will, no doubt, do the same. : It strikes us that the following picture of affairs which the Age draws for the benefit of the new Governor, is what a Scotchman would consider " just a wee bit", too flattering Our new Go vernor comes amongst us at an auspicious period. It is his good fortune to arrive at a period when the (more important public questions which have for years agitated the cominuuity have been definitively settled. The tedious battle between the squatting monopoly and agricultural settlement has ended, in a ''victory for the better, cause. Even if administra tive changes in the Land Act become necessary, its main principles must remain undisturbed. Again, the fiscal question, which has of late been dividing the public mind, is disposed of. Tbe will of tbe couutry is indelibly stamped upon the measure which was the innocent cause of so much party bit terness. Besides these great leading questions, there are others of less moment/ also beyond the region of dispute. Our electoral system, railway- policy, local and municipal government, the prose cution of reproductive national works, mining legis lation and defences, are either settled, or else pub lic opinion is so unanimous about tliem that the can scarcely, even by the heat of opposition, be elevated into importance sufficient to disturb the political serenity, of the community. If the fierce conflict of parties had done nothing else, it would still not have been purposeless, iuasmuch as doubts have been cleared up, and stumbling blocks re moved from, tbe path of our future progress. There is adisposition amongst our public men to consign to. oblivion the asperites which adverse circum stances created; and we confidently believe that they will Dot be revivedfor any light or passing cause. The Herald takes the same utterly inadequte view of the province, and functions, and responsi bilities of a Governor, lb says As long as the Parliameut, and the Ministry that is supported by the Parliament, adhere to constitutional and legal courses, the path of the Governor is clear. The Par liament legislates and rules through the insbrumenr tali by of the Ministry ; and the Governor has simply passively to approve and ratify." This notion of ihe Governor being a mere lay figure, an ornament at the head of the Constitution, is altogether at vari ance with both the theory and the practice of his office. The following from the Bendigo Advertiser may supply a lesson for application nearer home One of trie beneficial results of the extended system of police protection after dark in tbe same town was manifested at the Borough Police Court. A China man named A'Pooey, a previously convicted thief, had been arrested about three o'clock that morning by Constable Dann. It appeared that the constable, who had been stationed on oue of the newly estab lished beats in Boundary-street, and about three o'clock he was passing the fence of Mr Yibert's garden, when he perceived the Chinaman inside. The constable watched unseen for some few minutes until he saw tbe Celestial lifting some articles over the fence and depositing them outside. He theu returned to an outhouse in the garden, and was in the act of abstracting a few other trifles when he was pinned by the constable. He had been making a very considerable pile of potatoes, flour, aud other articles of consumption. Mr Yibert informed the Bench that a fortnight ago he had been robbed of a quantity of similar articles,, and from statements made in the court it appeared the unprotected state ! of that portion of the town hitherto had been taken 1 advantage of by thieving Chinese, wlio_ had been j the terror of the locality. When the Police Magis trate sentenced the prisoner ;to eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labor the Celestial. reinoiU strated in a very demonstrative .manner, and indig-. nantly demanded to be taken before- "a higher court." The Police Magistrate remarked that he J (the magistrate) was perfectly satisfied with the. justice of the sentence, and he would in- all similar cases give the Chinese . the full benefit of the law. A boy of fourteen, named Wilson, was committed for trial at the Geelong Police Court, on Wednesday, for a burglary, conceived and carrie 1 out with all tbe skill and cunning of an old expert. A younger boy named Taylor was his accomplice, but he turned approver, aud it was the . shop where Taylor .was employed that was broken into. The following is Taylor's evidence, as supplied by our Geelong cor- respondeut, who states that it was given in the box with the utmost sang froid " I met Wilson at lialf-past six on Monday evening,, at his house, near Bellerine.-street. Wilson said to me, 'We must get some money, Taylor, somewhere, or we shall not be able to go to the Mechanics' Institute to-night ; does your master keep his money iu the shop at night ?' I said ' No.' Wilson then asked me if he slept there, and I told him that he did not. He said ' Well, you show me the back of the house.' I agreed to do so, and took him. there. It was a paling place, and Wilson broke down some of the palings, and I helped him. When we had made the hole big enough, Wilson asked, 'Who will take the lead ?' I went iu first. I opened the middle door. I burst it open, and Charley Wilson followed rne. When we got into the shop I showed Wilson where the. till was, and he took out the 'money and the purse. We then weut away. Wilson gave riie 2s, and kept 3s himself. ; We could not opeu the purse without cutting it, so Wilson cut the leather and broke trie steel, and threw it away. I showed the policeman the place where it was thrown next day. We broke into Mr Freeman's place at half -past nine : at night. Next morning I tokl my master some one had broken into the place, and showed him where the palings were down. ; At the same sitting of the Court two other children' (brother and sister) under fourteen, were charged with burglary at Belle- rine. The girl was discharged, and the boy was committed to the Reformatory for five years. The Argus in writing on tbe extension and in- creasirig popularity of the Penny Readings move ment, throw out a hint that may facilitate the selectiou of subjects for our local performers .-—Can we imagine a greater pleasure capable of being con ferred on a perfect stranger (assuming him to be a person of ordinary intelligence aud sensibility) than that which must flow from his first introduction to My Uncle Toby, Jeanie Deans, Colonel Newcome, Dr Primrose, Parson Adams, Dou Qiiixote/ Mr Pick wick, Adam Bede, Gil Bias, Sir Roger de Co verley/ the Caxton Family, Commodore Trunnion, and Robinson Crusoe? And as withmne branch of lite rature, so with all. Whether the reader recites " The poem of his choice, ; ; ( And lends to the rhyme of the poet > C The beauty of his voice," or declaims the eloquent periods which have hekl a listening senate iu suspense— whether he 'repeats the stately narrative of Gibbon, or delivers the picturesque story of Maeaiilay--whether ho leads bis hearers through infinite space with Herschel, or enables them to explore, with Lyell, "the dust of continents to be ;" whether he beguiles their minds from care, contributes to their cheerfulness or augments their knowledge, he is equally their bene- factor. The. Warrenheip correspondent of the Star writes : — Warrenheip has been for a lengthened period notorious for many things, in fact for all things short of actnal cannibalism, and it is not quite clear that we would not have perpetrated this horrible crime, had the person of the first discoverer of our savage propensities been fairer to the view, but unlike most savages we are particular in our food. We are now about to add to our former notoriety by producing the first colonial ghost, a real (I was nearly saying live) ghost, and no mistake about it. St. Kilda has already tried its ghost story, and other parts ©f the colony have followed suit, but all failed, and up to the present the nearest approach to a ghost, on this side of the line, was- that put upon the stage of the Theatre Royal some time ago; For Warrenheip has been reserved the good fortune of producing the first veritable ghost/ and the story runs thus : In the vicinity of Magills and Coghlau's brewery lives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name betokens, of the Emerald Isle, who, for ; some " deed done in his days," is now tormented by a spirit of the other world, which makes its presence known by constantly lighting the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must be thoroughly burnt out ; and no matter how many candles may be burning, or where placed, if they are all extinguished they will by some mysterious agency be again lighted in the twinkling of a bed -post, as we say in Ireland. Several people have visited the scene, and all come away ' exclaiming "Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw." Mr Fahey in his extremity started yesterday to consult the divines of his church in whose " backward mat ters of dissevering power," he places most im plicit faith/ and who no doubt have given liim some good advice which he wisely keeps to him self. I have not yet visited the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live uutil to morrow I purpose satisfying myself, when, no doubt, I shall be able to render a good account of his ghoslship. The latest to hand is that last night the candlesticks took a fit and jumped off the table on to the floor and back again." If everything that is. said bY'country corres pondents of Mr Grant's Land'Act be true, there can be ho question that Yictoria has been pre sented with' a new lease of its life. The Inde pendent understands from a correspondent at Corop, the name of the proposed township at Lake Cooper, that a number of selectors are already engaged in fenciug, ploughing, and sow ing the land taken up. on Messrs Winter's run. Fair timber is to be had within easy distance of the lake. The site of the township seems to have been badly chosen, as iu ordinary seasons it will be under water for about five months in the year. The land is described as being mostly of excellent character, and there is little doubt that an active and industrious population will soon be settled in a locality which is within easy distance of several markets, being culj about ten miles from Runnymede Were the effects of alU the laud sales as successful as this at Lake Cooper promises to be, there would be little fault to find with the working of the Amending Land Act. A number of those whose selections were disallowed have taken stTeps which they have reason to believe will secure them right to the land which they bona fide took up. Tlie; j Glowworm, ail English periodical, is ex ceeding coinplimentaiy to the " leading journal" of Yictoria, as the following quotation will show : — The printer of the Melbourne Argus is in prison because that journal described a speech made by tbe colonial Chief Secretary as " bristliug with falsehood." We think it serves him right. Any journalist who accuses a speaker of mendacity should do it at peril of punishment— even as a" rnau risks condign castigation who orally charges another with falsehood. To say that au actor does not know his part, or that an author writes stupidly, or even that a member of parliament talks non sense, ought not to be deemed libellous, if there is to be any criticism at all ; but to wound moral cha racter is unjust, especially . where the assailant is anonymous. So this colonial journalist deserves what he has got. It would be well if the Australian press could be taught a little civility. The Argus, for example, the first journal of Yictoria, is dull beyoud the endurance of man, except when personal. The Register reports : — A " Hare," weighing nearly six pounds, was shot on Tuesday, by the postmaster, at Batesford, in Mr Dardel's vineyard. In calling it a hare, we do not mean that it was a perfectly developed animal of that name, but it was certainly a cross be tween trie rabbit and the bare, and was different to any thing we are in the habit of seeing of that species. 