B^foAKLAND. . ^MU fbe year just at tUlS ? H-y t^'tg the whole college as IB- f jgt John's bad been ?Bsft«r . ? j ,,,id was believed ^K.e' ^d but how or where he ^tls money, nobody could d* ^?P . rareh had been made at »«JS which was rather ^K i, he bad passed threescore K ids and the college ^H.?^ to be made his heirs, for ^H'i -,ned the snares of matn ^?^ Cheque book, hoard, or will ^E'athd become of bis very con ^^Hat u» . first tiie Master s ?f&i; suspected;, but time ^B^ t ll«ev of that opinion ; the ?^°oC well kept by her late ^B atoed poor aud honest to the ? SffJo1 other Mlution of the ^B , nk settled on the savings ^?F ;n some absurd speculation ^?r oid man was too proud to H1 na had therefore destroyed ^^P gt John's had got nothing ^K neither had the Oaklands; ^RTotablemasto was a feather in ^E'r caps : and now that other ^Keome and gone the same way, ^Hwv had faded from the memory ^HTvery old FcUows, he was. a ^^K tw Oaklands' cap still, and an ^MLcjample to my friend Oliver. ^^?7e began our college coarse ^^Bjasa gentleman-commoner, he ^^HLr The old acquaintance be ^Br families ripened with us into a ^Hctiidente' friendship, the truest ^Htbekind perhaps. I got many ^Bompanion as time went on, some ^Ke me useful, some that led me ^KL some that snubbed, and some ^Ked me, but I never had a college ^Kept Oliver Oakland. Oliver gave ^Kttle time he could spare, occa ^?cood advice, always a good ex ^?nd all the help to learning that I ^^Bl gave him my entire confident^ ^HL chiefly of difficulties with tailors, ^^Khe relieving officer at home, not ^Hof heartquakes regarding town or ^^?belles, with some one of whom I ^Kms deep in love every season, and ^B took credit to myself for obliging ^Hh a loan when his pocket was ^Krly light — I mean empty — and for ^Khim out from his books and close ^Khe fresh air and open country ^Hatubridge. ^Hb on one of these expeditions, to ^He end of our third year, that I ?on a secret with which Oakland ^?thought proper to intrust me. We ^Hming home one evening from a ^Hmble, and passing the Chapone ^Kn, an old-fashioned boarding school ^B strictness and gentility, kept by ^?den daughters of a former Bishop ^H^kea my eye was caught by a ^Hdressed but uncommonly pretty ^Hhe gate, who would have spoken to ^Hflhad uot been there. On the ^Hg Saturday, I had him in my ^Bt supper, a hamper of game having ^Bom Westwood Manor. We were ^Hnd he was in rather low spirits as I ^Bdftas often the case with him of ^?n are in love, Oakland,' said L. ^Bned to dash into the subject ^Bw can that be!' he said. 'Falling ^B is for such lucky fellows as you, ^Hll have propeaty to marry on if they. ^Bnot for such poor souls as myself, ^Hut drudge their lives out at mathe ? and dead languages to get a seat ? those hard dry old bachelors at the ?s'table.' ?er spoke with more bitterness than Bui to him; and I, knowing that ?ege-life was not an easy one, pressed Bod wine upon him, by way of con Bl Under its genial influence, my ?romed, and I got assurance enough Bud question him concerning the Biased pretty girl After a little ?g about the bush, Oliver opened his B-- me : perhaps it was a relief to the By And straggling man to tell Ms tale. petty girl was Miss Russell, com ? called Bessy. She was an orphan, Pit relations or friends, except the Inladieaof the Institution, of whom pther, a poor curate, had been a mj acknowledged connection, - and to ? she had been junior assistant since peenthyear. 'She is a little over fen now,' said Oakland: 'but a ?V woman does not exist. Ton're pBung in your sleeve, I dare say, but BB- ccrald advise the oldest man in the pKe for his good : women can do the pWHt be in them, without our books ?wnirereities. I understand the ladies fBje Institution can't find a feult in ^H i and it must be a email one that pB^sthem. I never could have got ?anted with her but for a savage dog ?Wthe pleasure and good-luck to save BVnm one evening in the summer before ?I She has a hard life there between ^Wd maids and the young ladies they H-- but Bessy never complains. I W roe girl loves me, Westwood, and I H thmk of living without her ; so, after B*£j mv B.A., I am going to dig into ?% My cousin the rector will want ?»w some day, andPU settle down to ?*ork, and many Bessy.' ? I never thought you had a tarn for B*'1*. Oakland,' said I; 'but if V Was a living in the gift of my family, B*°- ^e at yonr service, though it Jjj* to me a downright burial of your ta W- and I wonder what your mother will B1 don't know,' said Oliver, with al ?*» groan. ' ' She has Bet her heart ?™pes on seeing me one of the college Wii ^7 made ''ay a Eacrifice for it ; ?we best girl in Europe would not B™8 *« for a daughter-iu-law, without ?ft'* or fortune, and Bessy has W**\ Westwood, it is hard to think ?JJJB ffly.taleBte.as yon call them, and Knf'1 dutie8' when- ^^^ K&7?: 7** no v»«ation for them ; but B^ to persuade my fiiend from his design ; but the poor fellow would hive made any sacrifice to Plutus, after the fashion of his friends the ancients, could it have availed him to escape the church and his mother's displeasure. We parted sad and sober, in spite of the good -wine. But when I saw Oliver again, it was Monday morning, wheu he entered my room with a face full of fun, and au open letter in his hand. ' Here is a pat tern epistle in the sentimental Hue, and I want you, as gentleman skilled in such matters, to tell me from whence it comes ; a hoax, of course,' he said, handing me the letter, which to the best of my 'recol lection, ran as follows : — ' Can the sensible, the accomplished, the fascinating Oaklands respond to a sin cere and heartfelt passion, not transitory and unprofitable, like the love of common minds, but steadfast, and sure to guide his steps to riches and prosperity t If he cau, let him reply to Cynthia at the post-office. His letter will be waited for with anxious hope, received with delight, and answered with expedition.' My friend and I laughed heartily over the effusion, and agreed that it was a hoax. But who was the perpetrator I could guess as little as Oliver himself. Yet there was something in the writing, though evidently a disguised hand, familiar to my eyes. I thought and pored over it, but could fix on nobody ; and the mystery seemed to work upon Oakland, steady and studious as he was, for he resolved to carry on the joke, and thereby resolved to find out his fair correspondent, as we both felt sure the hand was that of a woman. Cynthia was answered on the spot, in a strain as grandi loquent as her own. She replied by the very next post, and got another answer. Six or seven letters were thus exchanged, I being the only outsider in the secret ; and the only point that either watching or bribery could ascertain for Oliver was, that Cynthia's letters were called for by a variety of ragged boys, who, when they could be got at and questioned, said some times au old woman had sent them to the post-office, and sometimes a young lady. The correspondence did not advance ra pidly towards a solution. My friend was always declaring himself able and willing to respond to any amount of affection and confidence, while the lady, as I thought to lure him on, took up the strain of men being deceivers ever. But none of her epistles closed without the hint growing plainer at every repetition of the riches and prosperity to which she could guide his steps ; and at last — it was like a drown ing man, clutching at a straw — poor Oliver seemed to half believe that his good for tune was somehow to come through Cynthia, when a curious accident enabled enabled me to unveil the charmer. At the end of Trumpington-street, next to St. John's Lane, there was at the time of my story, and had been for many a year before, a shop of all-wares in the stu dent's fancy line. The shop was kept by a Miss Josephs, and a woman whom she pleased to call her nurse, but whom popu lar tradition affirmed to be her mother. Miss Josephs was of an age not to be as certained. Her fiice been a remarkable likeness to that of a parrot j her figure strikingly resembled an upright deal-board ; she had a dark muddy complexion, and a considerable squint, and stiff black hair, said to be thinned by plucking out the grey. Yet the prettiest woman in England could not have looked more certain of her triumphs over the hearts of men, or put on more airs and graces for that purpose. It was a study of the ridiculous to see her be hind the counter, dressed in the extreme of the fashion, and talking like a fainting duchess. The students one and all laughed at her; and throughout Cambridge (I think it was the boating-men who gave her the tide), on account of a peculiar mode she had ot moving ner sianny arms, jvuss Josephs was known as the Steerer. They laughed at and paid her extrava gant compliments ; paid her extravagant prices, too, for most of her wares ; the shop was convenient, and the credit long ; but the wildest or most mischievous student never cared to go further, great as the encourage ment was for practicaljoking and burlesque romance. The Steerer's nurse — I never knew another name for. her — was lucky in not living two centuries earlier, for she might have sat to any painter who wanted a perfect witch. It was said there were fierce quarrels between her and the fas cinating lady,' always about money-matters, in which their calculations seldom agreed ; but they addressed each other in the most affectionate terms in public, bore strong testimony to each other's virtues, kept no servant, and admitted nobody within their walls, except by epecial invitation, and such events were few and far between. The Steerer was chief-shopkeeper, and had the control of windows and counter : but the nurse had a back corner, screened by a half partition, out of which she sold at fitting times, and to confidential customers, cigars that had never paid duty, snuff of unri valled excellence, and it was said, more questionable wares. The pair were not natives, and whence they came, nobody in Cambridge could certify ; but there was a floating tradition that they were somehow descended from Portuguese Jews; and their powers of making out bills, and get ting them paid, seemed to warrant its truth. There was another tale concerning them, which probably contributed to make the students keep a safe distance. Some three years before Oliver andmyself entered St. John's, there had been among its gownsmen one rather poor, rather clever, and not very wise. He happened to have got three aflairs of some moment on his hands at once— namely, reading for a fel lowship, making love to the Steerer, and a promise of marriage to his bed-maker's daughter. With such contradictory irons in the fire, success was scarcely possible, and so it proved vith him. He lost his fellowship; he was called on to fulfil his promise; and he had to go and explain matters to the Steerer. What attraction he had found in that quarter, nobody could make out ; but from, casual hints, his college friends supposed he had boen led to believe in some ^reat fortune or legacy she was to inherit Well, the student went to her house by special arrangement one winter evening to make his woful con fession, andkteke a fond ferewelL The nekhbours knew there was a fine supper cooked, and wine brought in; butwhether the conversation or the viands proved too \ much for him, the young man returned j early to his rooms, and the same night j was seized with an illness which the doc- j tors, after a deal of uncertainty, found out ] to be brain fever, and of which he died | on the ninth day. j I heard that story many a time, aud j was thinking of it, it may be in malice, j after glancing over a pretty heavy account from the shop in Trumpington street, when all at once it occurred to me that the hand that set down the various items in good ledger style, was, in spite of its disguise, the very same which had written Cynthia's letters. There was a small repository of similar bills in my desk, and a survey of them left no doubt in my mind. I flew to acquaint Oliver with the discovery ; and a comparison of documents satisfied both of us that Cynthia was no other than the Steerer. I laughed till Oliver's rooms rang, over the gradiloquent passages in her love-letters. Oakland laughed too, and agreed with me that it was a capital tale ; but the more we talked over it the less he seemed amused, and I could not help see ing that there was part of the subject on which he did not speak, but was thinking seriously. Once more, the poor stndent's story occurred to me. Doubtless it was of it Oliver was thinking, and I hinted my recollections, with a hope he would have nothing more to do with the fair unknown. Oakland made uo reply, at least, no direct one, but I understood he was of the same miud by his immediately pointing out the necessity of keeping all that concerned Cynthia between ourselves, if we did not mean to furnish the whole university with a jest at our own expense. I saw the wisdom of this counsel, for thoughnot a principal in the aftair, I at any rate should have felt bound to spare my friend the laughter and jokes it must occasion. I parted with Oliver on that understanding, and did not see him for some days after, as I got en gaged with a boating party. We had gone down the Cam, and came home rather tired. Though it was not very late most of the shops in Trumpington street were shut ; the Steerer's door was, but her win dow remained open. Through it I re marked a man, not looking at goods, but at her, while he leaned on the counter in earnest conversation, and a movement of his head showed me that it was my friend, Oliver Oakland. I went home, not knowing what to think. Had his newly discovered Cynthia really attracted my friend, and made him waver in his attiegance to the pretty Bessy! If so, the promise to guide his steps to riches and prosperity must be the chief charm ; yet how could Oliver, shrewd and sensible as he is, believe such a thing possible to a small shopkeeper in Trumpington street ? Next day we met by accident, and I took the opportunity to congratulate him on being admitted to Cynthia's bower. Oliver looked as if any other observation would have been more welcome, but he was by no means as much abashed as I expected ; on the contrary, he made light of it, like one who was carrying ou a jest, talked more gaily and carelessly than ever I had heard him, and in reply to my question, ' What will Bessy say ?' he merely said : ' Oh, never mind Bessy ; she is a prudent girl.' Oliver was engaged with the Steerer; a pretty strict watch proved to me that he visited her every evening after shop hours, and Oliver was changed in every particular. Of me, his only intimate friend, he had grown positively careless ; his less fomiliar acquaintances remarked that something occupied him more than his usual studies ; he was absent at lectures, and took no heed of what was said of him. Still, for our old friend ship's sake, Z would not make the cause of his altered conduct public, knowing that it must make Oliver ridiculous ; ana 1 bad scarcely taken that resolution, when a new and strange Ught was thrown on the subject by Mrs. Mops, my bed-maker. All vtho chance to be acquainted with college-life will know what an indispen sable functionary the bed-maker is to every student ; for she who bears that humble title is, in fact, the sole mauager of his domestic affairs. Mrs. Mops was a jewel of the kind, honest, careful and sober, of discreet age, for she had been forty years at the bed-making business, and it was her boast that she never did for nobody but steady gentlemen. Mrs. Mops had a discreet tongue, too— a grift rather rare among the ladies of her calling— and as she officiated for Oliver as well as for me, I was somewhat startled by the good woman saying, with a peculiar look when lighting my fire one evening : ' May 1 ax, sir, if anything strange has happened to Mr. Oakland i' ' Nothing that I know of What makes you think there has V said I, determined to hear all she had to say. 'Just because he has taken to such odd ways, not like himself at all ; there ain't nothing wrong nor like him himself at all ; there ain't nothing wrong nor unsteady, you know, but just uncommon strange ;' and Mrs. Mops dropped her voice to a whisper. ' He's never at his books in the evenings, as he used to be, and I can't find out where he goes. He's always a-thinking and a-talking about something to himself ; it ain't learning, sir, for he laughs and whistles over it But the strangest thing of all is what the gardener's wife'tell me, that he's going about the college-grounds at all hours of the night, ay, in the loneliest part of them, sir, where the old Dutch summer house stands among the willows beside the river.' I knew the spot to which Mrs. Mops referred ; it is doubtless improved or altered long ago ; but at the time it was a neglected outlying wing of the college grounds, deeply shaded by ancient willow trees, in the midst of which stood a solitary summer-house made of wood, on the old Dutch pattern, with a pogoda roof and floor of coloured tiles. What could Oliver be doing there at all hours of the night? I questioned the good woman closely, got full details, and came to the conclusion that my poor friend's reason was dropping the reins. Overstudy and overanxiety were telling on his strong and active mind ; here was the explanation of his visits to the Steerer, his coldness to myself, and all the change that had sur prised his fellow-students. I dismissed Mrs. Mops witq a request for secrecy ; she manifestly thought as I did concerning Oakland ,: h;id a great regard fur him ; and being no gossip, would probably keep her promise in that respect. Then 1 .«nt Ijy the fire, pitying his poor vnnthcr, his poor ? Bessy, and wondering what I oiu-ht to do ' as a friend under the circumstances, till | my brown-study was broken up by a knock at my door, and in walked Oliver himself. He shook hands with me as warmly as if our friendship had never cooled, and ook his accustomed seat besides me. There was nothing wild or disorderly in his look, but I knew he bad something particular to say, and the next minute it came: ' Westwood, you arc the best, the only friend I ever had ; and I want you to help me through a business which few men have to do often. Bessy and I are going to get married quietly and quickly. You may stare, but it is true ; I have got the means to keep her handsomely ;' and Oliver's eye seemed to dance with joy. ' Don't be alarmed ; I am in my right mind, Westwood ; I have got my grand uncle's long-lost money. Listen ! The old fellow had hidden it under the floor of the Dutch summer-house, where he used to sit day aud night, they say, in his latter years ; and left a sort of will written in Greek, the purest Attic, I assure you, be queathing the whole hoard to his next of kin, with particular directions where to fiud it. The will — I don't know how — got into the hands of a dealer in waste paper, who sold it in a bale of his goods to our friend Cynthia, many years ago. I am not sure that the old witch behind the partition yonder don't use the like in the choice Havanas she makes up ; at any rate the bale was bought, and my grand uncle's will in it. The Greek characters were beyond the Steerer's scrutiny, but the old master had written his name at full length, in English letters, on the back ; and either the Fates, or the faculty for scenting out money, peculiar to her Jewish race, made her keep it out of the Havanas, and safe in a private drawer. It appears that unfortunate fellow who got into trouble between her and the bed-maker's daughter, aud escaped them both by the brain fever, gave her an inkling of its value — by the by, he could not have been a good Grecian, or there should have been but little for me to find. So the Steerer took to promising riches and prosperity ; you remember her, letters, of course, West wood ; it must have been my good genius that prompted me to make out what she meant by that.' ' And you made it out,' said I, getting sure enough of Oliver's sanity ; ' made love to the charming Cynthia over her shop-couutcr ; got hold of the paper and thereby of the money.' ' That was exactly what I did, West wood,' and Oliver winced as he spoke. ' It was not strictly honourable, I'll allow, but what else was to be done with the woman? However, I have bought the Beechley farm, which will keep Bessy and me comfortably, in my own country. My mother shall live with us ; or, if she can't agree with Bessy, though I think anybody might, she'll have a cottage to herself at thu eud of the lane. You and I will be neighbours, and I hope friends, for the rest of our Iivc3 ; but, Westwood, I must get married at once. If the thing were done, matters might be settled with the Steerer ; I have kept a decent sum to pay her off. Will you help me to get the license 1 will you give Bessy away 1 There will be no body but yourself at the wedding ; my mother must know nothing of the business till it's done. Westwood, can I reckon on you ?' 'That you can,' said I, seeing that Oliver was in desperate haste, and in con siderable fear of his charming Cynthia; and in those green days of mine, the course he proposed to take seemed the readiest, if not the most commendable. We talked over it till far in the night ; got the license next day; and on a cold, drizzly morning, the curate of St Peter's Church made Oliver and Bessy one, in presence of myself and the clerk. I can't say on what excuse the assistant teacher got out so early ; but directly after the ceremony, she went back to the Chaphone Institution, till Oliver could get the Steerer paid off, and make the fact of his marriage respectably public. How he went about the first part of the business, I never exactly learned, but it appeared to have been successfully man aged ; and when he called at my rooms in the evening, Oliver was perfectly enthu siastic in the Steerer's praise. ' She stood it like an angel,' said he. 'I never imagined she could be so sensible and con siderate ; never scoldad, never cried — though, between ourselves, a fit was the the least that I expected — but seemed to understand at once that the thing was done, and accepted it with uncommonly good grace. By the by, I paid her down two thousand pounds, in lieu of myself, you'll say. Well, Westwood, it clears one's conscience ; and I must tell you the old woman was as friendly as Cynthia ; she knew all about the affair, of course ; and between them, they made me promise that Bessy and I should spend Saturday evening with them. A queer visiting-place for a young bride; but they brought it about so that I could not refuse, aud Bessy is not like ordinary girls to stand on a trifle, I have taken apartments in town, and written to my mother. I couldn't take Bessy home without knowing how she would be received ; but I won't have her staying any longer with those old prigs at the Institution.' Oliver and I had a good deal of conver sation regarding his prospects, which in deed seemed fair and pleasant He did not tell me the exact sum he had found under the colored tiles in the summer house-floor, but it must have been a hand some one. He had bought Beechly Farm, a very comfortable property ; told me how he would enlarge the house, lay out the grounds, have done with college-life, and spend the rest of his days in the manner of Palemon, now that he had found his Lavinia, With these fair hopes, Oliver went from me that night, after exacting a promise that I would come to see him and Bessy at their new address on the following Sunday, for, till then, he knew I must be busy with certain reading that had to be done, and country cousins that were to be shown over Cambridge. Well, that Sunday came ; the reading and the lionising had been got through, and .' I was dressing at an earlier hour than usual, when my room-door suddenly opened, and in rushed Oliver looking like ? a ghost. ' 'Westwood :'' he criud, ' for God's sake come with me and see Bessy ; she awoke this morning out of her mind. I have sent for three doctors, and they can j do nothing for her. 0 my friend, come j aud toll me what you think.' I went with him to a very respectable lodging, and there found poor Bessy atark mad. No other term could give an idea of her con dition ; she knew nobody, she recollected nothing — her husband, her marriage, her honeymoon, all were forgotten ; aud her incoherent ravings always recurred to something about two old women and wine. No cause could be assigned for the sudden visitation. She had been in good health and spirits on the preceding evening, which the new-married pair spent according to promise with Miss Josephs and her nurse ; she retired to her rest without any notice able change, and woke at the break of day in frantic madness. To make a sad tale short : all that medical skill and experience could suggest, was tried for poor Bessy, but tried in vain ; her insanity was hopeless, and without one lucid interval, nor could all the doc tors engaged throw the smallest light on its cause. There was indeed a suspicion hinted at by one of our old professors, and firmly believed by Oliver, that some drug of extraordinary and peculiar power had been mixed with something which the un lucky bride had eaten or drunk in the house of her paid-off rivaL Whether the suspicion were true or not, the Steerer and her nurse made mighty regret and com miseration ; but their shop got deserted, and they left Cambridge very quietly at the next quarter-day. My poor friend spent the rest of his days on the farm he had bought, and his mother lived with him ; but his bride spent hers in a lunatic asylum, where she survived him many a year, for he died early, a man broken down and worn out before the time ; and so must end my tale of Oliver Oakland. 