FARMERS' '* INTELLECTS^' {From tbe Register,) . We are not surprised that a large ilttm&e;# of our agricultural friends' should resent the term* is which a gentleman, who is a pro'., minent member of the Chamber, of . Com' : merce, spoke of them at' a-late raeetisgof that body, This gentleman, -Mr E. M/ Martin* wished to add to the report" liid before the meeting .words expressive ' of a hope or prdyer that if Provideoce blessed thef farmers with a good harvest this year, they might at the same time have intellects to know how to use it. And further on in his' address he- intinfeted that the farmers, not being overburdened with' brains- themselves/ naturally looked, to the Chamber of Com' merce to, tell . them what they ' ought to dor with their crops; - Mr Martin is " known to , be somewhat eccentric,' and;not always very . discreet'in giving" expression to his. views/ We do not think that he-positively intended to. insult the farmers' by'tneseremarks: He is, we rbeHeve, .a ;inan of kindly spirit, who has got into thc habit; of speaking strongly what he thinks, and,' it' may be, sometimes . what he only half thinks. But from inten tional malice we believe he is as free as was Mr Jarndyce's friend i.Bby thorn, who con' cetded a gentle helutfrunder at times the most terrific exterior; and the most denun ciatory words. Stillj the contemptuous way - in which Mr Martin sppke. of farmers' inr.; tellects wa» most irritating and inexcusable;/ Doubtless there is a number of shrewd met* of business in the Chamber -of Commerce, but we do not know that even the- wisest of them has aiy right to constitute himself the " guide, philosopher,and friend " tothe whole body of agriculturists. Now- we do. think it veiy likely that these.gentlemen willloolito the Chamber of Commerce to. objtaii infor? mation as to when they shoiiid dispose of their produce. -.,It. is very possible that Mr". .Martin and some ef his coadjutors would W proud wrinkle or two j 6n'tiiis poiut} but there is f 6ar^g.popnlatamongst boys about, teach* I mg iSiaternal ancestor a perfectly superfioua work, which would perhaps rise to the lips of an irritated farmer if- such.gratuitous ad vice were offered to him., .... Bnt the remarks of Mr Martin have raised a<iuestion which it is worth while looking at* Are farmers, ai» a, class, reajly deficient in intelligence, and do they heed to consult men engag&.ia traces and ccsoamerce' ^ to the manner' in which they should con&uci; their business ? That is really the question which is raised by tho remarks of Mr Mar* tin. Now our readers, know well enough that a'wide-spread "impression prevails 'that farmers as. a class have not displayed a very high order, of 1 intellect. This idea runs through a great portion of our petitions and dramatic literature. The novelist's farmer is generally a stupid boor, and the stage farmer is. a clod-hopping fool. And perhaps there, was a^time in Old England wnen'this notion was generally true. But we do not believe that it is true now- in the" old coun | try. The schoolmaster: has r been abroad during the last half-century, and the social and intellectual, condition, of the yeomanry of England has wonderfully -risen. We are certain that in this colony the farmers; as ft class» are anything but stupid boobies. Many of them brought a fair share of edu cation with them to the land of their ' adop tion, which they have fey. thought and ob servation considerably, enlarged. We shall doubtless find here and there a. few of the old school in which the traditional- and his.* torical characteristics are prominently ' brought out; but taking the men" who live on their own property .and farm, their own soil as a class, we have no "hesitation in say* ing that they by no maans deserve the con temptuous term* in which Mir Martin spoke | of them* The Farmers' Clubs and other agricultural meetings. which are' so frequently held, in various parts of- the province, and which are intended to afford opportunities: to those in terested in. the cultivation of the soil of in terchanging their views and comparing notea on matters which belong to their business* are, we think, a sufficient evidence that as a body they are not so deficient of intelligence, as Mr Aiartia. would represent them to be. Papers have been read at these meetings and discussions; have taken place which have displayed a large amount of careful reading and thoughtful observation; As a class, too, they have not been backward in adopting all the new methods of working their farms which experience has shown to be worthy of trial. They have spent large sums of money in the purchase of agricultural implements having the latest improvements^-and have never been indisposed to give a laii; hearing to any man who can. teach them a more,ex cellent way.. of farming than any they nave yet adoptecl. Probably on the .subject of manures it will be said they have been rather stiff-necked and un teachable, and.they hav©( had their reasons for that, because fancy manures havp nat always produced the effects which tUeiv advocates have promised they would, and they who have tried them or seen them tried without much effect have learned to look sjiyly at their use. ; To one matter, as our readers know, wliiQ^ | led to remarks at the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce anything but complimentary to the farmers as a class is the fact they Lave this year refused to sell their produce at the beginning of the season as they have done before, and that their refusal to sell has proved to b^ a great mistake. They, have lost the market. The favourable tide.in their affairs ^as aot taken at the flood, and they are now in the oppieasantpredicameflt of holding large stocks 'With a falling price. This^ was undoubtedly a mistake, and it has 'seriously, affected the trade of the colony. We have had some £200,000 less circulating than we should have had if the farmers had seized the proper time to sell theiS* produce} and* of course, the Adelaide shopkeepers have suffered .with the farmers. Long credit given to the farmers has been inconveniently felt by the shopkeepers. But it is not fair to write the farmers doWb as asses because they have un fortunately faade one grand mistake. Had the markets risen instead of fallen everybody would haVe praised their foresight. We should have had lofty pteans sung in praise of their in telligence, prudence, and business capacity. But because the event has proved that they would have acted more wisely if they had sold when reasonable prices offered, they ate now sboken of as a lot of fools who cannot manage their own business, and who should come to the Chamber of Commerce for advice one those points in which they are so grievously deficient. This is certainly unfair. All men are not wise at all times. Even merchants and shopkeepers, with all their superior intelli gence, sometimes make mistakes without any reflections being cast on their general mtelli cenee. Englishmen have a great faculty for being wise after the fact. Everybody can see after a mistake has been committed Jiow it might have been avoided and where the wiser course lay. Tradesmen make bad debts which they would not have made had their wisdoni come earlier ; but this is taken as a matter of course. , We admit that the farmers have fallen into error this year. It would doubtless have been belter for them and for the colony at large if they had brought their wheat to market early in the season. They ought to j have forestalled the large supplies from Unit and California. It is easy to see that now " Ms easy as to,make Columbus's egg stand on an end when Columbus has shown us bow to do it. But surely the farmers may make one mistake for which they must suffer, without bringing upon themselves the charge of a general want of intelligence. Taking them as a class, we don't think that they will lose much in comparison with any other class in the com munity. We hope, however, they will not take toomuch to heart thediscorteous remarks of Mr. Martin, which-were certainly not shaired in fcr endorsed by the other members of the Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Martin does "Bometimes Say strange things, but his bark is always worse than his bite,^" and then, you know, he is rather eccentric!" The Argus gives the following paragraph Vvith reference to the application of oil forj destroying cabbage blight" The effect was precisely as we before stated-By applying theoiTwfth a feather, the inseets instantly turned to a black color, and died. Salad oil Was used on the occasion, but any other des*, cription of oil would doubtless have the same j effect, With ordinary exertion we should suppose that one man would be able to attend to many "thousands of plants in a short time, trobably- much labor would be saved if the oil were applied to the young plants before being transplanted, We strongly recom mend all parties whose ga rdens are affected with aphis at once to try the experiment, and are certain that the first trial will convince them of its remedial effects." \ THE NEWSPAPER Tax*--The stamp tax On newspapers is - gradually exterminating the small provincial newspapers. Several have stopped within.the last month or two, amongst- others the Ornnge Guardian, , the Guxdagai Berrild, and the Forbes Express. The Gundagai- correspondent of the Tum.ut Tines very truly and pertiaently remarks in reference to - this subject"'Now is the winter of ourdiscontent.' You newspaper proprietors ought to make a stir and compel , "---»riment to abolish that infamous I cannot: help thisking tfct ftewfipapci. - . T considerable the press of the colony »uv.. ^ apathy in this matter. In my opinion if all the newspapers wgre to put their shoulders to the wheel it mustjhave the effect of moving Gpvemment iinder British these en lightened times. It is in country districts, where dwelling? are so scattered, and the means of obtaining information iso distant, that the burthen is ielt. Now that the revenue exceeds the expenditure of the colony is the time to strike; now would be . the time for £gitatioD."'~Enipire, August 6. DiABOjiciL Outeaob-Lately a . most j cruel and cowardly act was perpetrated at j Yambuk. A valuable mare, belonging to j Sir Patrick Kelly, was on that night ldose in j his yard when some villain cut the fetlock of j the animal, severing all the sinews'and lay ing bare the bone. The poor animal, which was a great favorite of its owner, limped or rolled to the door of the house, and was . there found lying dead in' the morning, haying bled to death. In Yambuk or neighborhood some diabolical wretch is located, whose cunning has up to the present time enabled him to elude detection. It is not long since a farmer who is very much respectedin the place, had a cleanpaddock sown all over during some dark nignts with drake and wild bats; and on more than one occasion we have had to record incendiary fires in the neighborhood. There can be little doubt that all these outrages are the work of the same rascal; and-it is to be hoped he will be shortly captured. Mr Kelly offers £20 reward, and no doubt Gov ernment will give' a similar amount for the apprehension of the offender. - Belfast Gazette. For Warrenheip has been reserved the good fortune of producing the first veritable ghost, and. the story, aecording to a corres pondent of the Star, runs t£us In the vicinity of Magills and- Coghlen's brewery Jives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native5 of the Emerald Isle, who, for " some deed done in his davs," is now tormented, by a spirit of the other world which makes its presence known by constantly lighting the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must be thoroughly burnt ont; a,nd no matter how many candles may be burning or'where placed, and if they will by some mysterious agency be again lighted in the twinkling of a bed-post, as- we say in Ireland. Several people hare visited the' scene and all come away exclaiming '. Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw." The latest to. hand is,j thatlast night the candlestick took a fit and jumped oiEon to the floor and back #gain." The Berlin journals announce the .death in that capital of General Count Nositiz, who oct^d as BlucJjer's adjutant, and saved the life of-his chief in the battle of Ligny. English travellers in Germany will recollect having Seen on the walls of many a provincial inn a quaint print, representing Blucher lying under his -fallen horSe and Nostiz mounting guard over him, sword and pistol in hand- Thus he protects him against the blpws of the French puirassierB, 'galloping past with headlong speed. The day after this exploit both were on the field of Waterloo. Count Nostiz, who died a non-genariap, had enjoyed a green old age, aud retained the use of his faculties until within a short period of hip death. discovery of an important character isl said to have been made in France which will enable^us to pass oyer the silkworfp find go direct to.the mulberry tree for our siipply pf silk. In the bark of the tree a fipe textile substance exists, and M. Brunet fw Bucceeded in reducing this to the fipenegs, durability, and general appearance pf silk. He is buying up h?rk for the purpose pf producing large quan tities of this new jsipd ot Eilk. Swearing.-"Mother did you,hear sissy swea r ? " Jfp, jny. dear; what did shesay.?". -" Why, she said'she"wasn't going to-wear her darned stockipga to church!" ' 