NEW ZEALAND. NOTES ON PASSING EVENTS. (From the Correspondent of the S.M. Herald.) Auckland, May 30. THE topics causing most excitement here at present are the attempts of the Governor to remove the head-quarters of the troops to Wellington, and the arrangements of the Panama postal service As may be supposed, the Governor's wish to remove the head-quarters to Wellington is anything but a popular one in Auckland ; the more so that it was fully understood when the seat of Government was changed that this would not be meddled with. After all, however, there are no doubt a great many reasons why it should be convenient for Sir George to have the Commander of the forces always beside him. It is more than suspected that the Governor is much averse to letting the troops all have the colony, which would materially change his position for the worse, and it is supposed that he thinks it more easy to delay an embarkation, if he had the General beside him, so that he could influence him personally, without committing all his views to writing. Be this as it may, there is no longer any doubt that Sir George Grey is very urgent about the matter, and charges greatly at the delay on the General's part, who refuses to do anything in the matter until the home authorities give instructions. This is not surprising either, when it is considered that not less than £150,000 is the estimated cost of removal and according to the present appearance of things here the expense would be thrown away, as the troops are likely to be all gone from New Zealand in eighteen months' time. A coldness is said to have sprung up already between the Governor and the General, because, of the wise caution on the part of the latter which prevents him from going heartily with the views of the former. People in Auckland are, of course, indignant on the ground that, so long as the troops are here, they are far more likely to be required in Auckland than in Wellington, and, by a parity of reasoning, that the same applies to the staff and heads of departments. It is not any longer, however, possible to get up so strong a feeling as it used to be about these things, as the danger to this province is felt to be dwindling down to propor- tions such as the people themselves can easily done with. The publication of the Panama postal service tables has added to the dissatisfaction with which the whole arrangement is regarded in this part of New Zealand. It is rather galling to find that, by the arrangement as it stands, Auckland and Otago get a scarcely appreciable benefit from the new and very expensive arrangement, while they pay by far the greater part of its cost. Their natural annoyance at this is increased by the discovery that they might each have gained a great benefit, while Sydney would also have been placed in a better condition, and the centre of New Zealand in one scarcely at all worse than now, by the aim ple expedient of making the passage from Panama, via Tahiti, to the northernmost ports of New Zealand, there dropping mails and transferring passengers, and going on to Sydney at once and on the homeward route going round the southern end of those islands, and so taking advantage of the westerly winds and currents, just as on the outward voyage, they had done of the easterly trades. However, people here comfort themselves with the conviction that the thing will not work well as at present arranged, and feel pretty confident that the efforts which they will still more will be backed up by experience, and may serve to overturn a plan posed on a most narrow and local prejudice, rather than on wide and enlightened views. Mr. Crosbie Ward, I see, is to have a free passage home in recognition of his services in this matter to the company. Perhaps he is wise to accept it at once, in case they should begin to find out that the very things he insisted upon were the ones most prejudicial to their chance of giving satisfaction to the colonies they propose to serve. The Assembly is to meet, I understand, before the end of next month at Wellington, of course. It would be rash to say much about the position of the line likely to be adopted by the Stafford Government, but I think the session bids fair to be both important and stormy. The tone of Mr. Cardwell's late despatches is all of a sort to arouse bitter feelings here, I am sorry to say, and it is more than probable that the Parliament will use language which they would at no former period have thought of using. My own impression is that the general feeling will be in favor of meeting the Secretary of State's arbitrary way of writing by repudiating many of the obligations on which he builds so much, and inviting him to take every soldier away from the colony. Of course, the separa- tion question must come on again, and the fate of the Stafford Ministry hangs, I believe, wholly on the attitude which it takes up in this matter. Some stir was increase of taxation will also require to be considered, and the proposal to impose an income and property-tax has already alarmed greatly the wool princes of the south, who of course know that their large incomes are aimed at by the proposal. On the whole, the session is likely to be an crain our parliamentary history. In native matters there is little to report. There is no present danger of on outbreak in the Waikato, and so far as appears, there is little danger of much fighting, either at Taranaki and Wanganui, or on the east coast. At present the Maoris are tired of fighting, and somewhat in want of food ; when food becomes plentiful again and they forget their defeats, a new period of danger may arrive. The following items of Native Intelligence ore from the Southern Cross : On the East Coast, the expeditionary force, under Colonel Lyon, commanding at Opotiki, has returned without securing the object of their search, Kereopa, the notorious Hauhau leader, who revived the Maori custom of cannibalism there during the war. This man was the main cause of the Rev. C S. Volkner murder. The Uriwcnis, with whom he has been living of late, promised to deliver him to the commandant at Opotiki, and he believing in their promise, sent back the Arawa contingent, who were advancing on the Uriweras to attempt his capture. The Arawas have always been friendly to us, and fed aggrieved at Colonel Lyon's interference. Moreover, they state they were promised £3000 for his capture by the Government. Owing to the threat of scourging and degradation, from his chieftainship, which his Excellency the Governor made to To Awanui, chief of the Ngatnuu, of the Whakiitoheo tube, unless he procured the heads of the five friendly natives (dramas) eaten by the Urinciu lliuihnuB during the war on the East Coast, the boards have been given up, and were delivered to the Aiowo tube at Ma talk, on the 9th of May, by the notice Tiwiu, who assists! in the escape of the Rev Mr Grace from Opotiki, when Mr. Volkner was murdered! The men, whose heads were pro si 11 oil, fell fighting on our side, under their chief, Adam Clarke, and their bodies were cooked and de-, cured by the fanatics Rewi, Mntutwri, the Maori King, and other influential rebel chiefs refused to see Sir George Grey when he visited Kawhia for that purpose. His Excellency then went on to Hamilton, a military settlement at Kirikiriroa, in Upper Waikato, and after some delay had an interview with William Thompson, which, on the whole, was satisfactory. The following is Thompson's own version of the interview : " His Excellency : How old you are looking, Thompson. " Thompson : Well, it is in consequence of the bitterness I feel in reference to the land in Waikato. It is the confiscation in Waikato that has caused me trouble, and made me look aged. " His Excellency : Well, I will try and get the land book for you. " Thompson : I should not like to receive the land from your hands. I consider it already my own inherited from my Ancestors. You cannot give what is not your own, " His Excellency : I have placed Maoris on their lands in the Waikato, and I should place you on yours. (The Governor then pressed Thompson to go to the Assembly.) " Thompson : You are the Governor of the country. You have the power in your own hands. You have only to say 'Yes,' and I shall have my land. If I go to the Assembly, then they will tell me to go to you, or to the Queen, I shall be bandied about from one to the other. It seems you can do nothing without the advice of your Assembly. I myself will get the advice of my Maori assembly to know whether I shall be at liberty to go to Wellington. I will let you know by-and-by. If you are in earnest about giving us back the Waikato, tell your Europeans not to improve their farms, for it will be labor lost" Thompson has since written a letter to the Governor, stating that he has determined not to go to Wellington at present. A great meeting has been held at Hangutiki, at which Rewi, Matutaoro, Tatuali Ngapora, and all the principal men yet in arms were pro sent. The meeting was convened for the purpose of considering the questions of vast importance to both races What are the Maoris to do in tho face of the confiscation of native territory ? Are they quietly to acquiesce in the confiscation, or make an attack on the Waikato settlements, or at Taranaki ? Those were the questions debated at Hangatiki! Of that meeting, and its decision, we have received the following particulars, through native sources, which may be confidently relied upon. Rewi and Matutaoro came to Hangatiki, bringing with them all the King natives from Kawhia ; Tukukino and Tararanui went up with a party from the Thames, in obedience to a summons from Rowi. Some Taranaki and Waikatos were present, but the bulk of the assemblage consisted of Ngatimanipotos. There were 1000 persons present, including men, women, and children, and of these about 600 were fighting men. Speeches were made by Rewi, Matutaoro, and the other principal men. The fact that the land had been confiscated and was being occupied was laid before the assembly, and the question was put, shall the Maoris be satisfied with the confiscation The advice of Rewi and Matutaoro was that the Maoris should not be satisfied, and that they should in no way recognise the confiscation. so for, as we can gather as to what took place at the meeting after this resolution was come to, we understand that it was agreed that no active measures should be taken at present. Thompson, we believe, did not attend the meeting. The above resolution was just what might have been anticipated to be adopted. We could hardly expect that the Maoris would formally acquiescence the confiscation. They doubtless anticipate that by the withdrawal of the troops, and the weakening of the Waikato settlements, something may turn up which can be taken advantage of by them. It has been stated to us, by a gentleman who had an opportunity of knowing the truth, that William Thompson declined to go to Wellington, for fear Rowe would induce his people to join the active rebel ranks again ; but this Thompson denies. He says he had other sufficient reasons for not going, but this was not one of them. The natives in the Taranaki province appear to show signs of hostility, a local paper report- ing that they come down occasionally to the Wairoa redoubt, and take fire at the sentry or any one passing. Communication is not safe along the coast line, nor indeed can it be expected to be so for a long time to come. The pacification of that distracted province must be a work of time. The natives, north of Auckland, and on the Thames, are generally engaged gathering kauri gum. They are quiet. The extreme Northern tribes are very busy individualising their titles under the Native Land Act. This is a wholesome sign for the future. From the Wairoa, East Coast district, we learn that about fifty rebel natives have been taken prisoners. Unfortunately, grog drinking is becoming more common than over among the natives south of Auckland. Drunkenness and licentiousness are carrying them off by scores. In the Raglan district two hundred deaths of natives have been registered since January last, and the mortality continues. The causes of death are the same. Fever is very prevalent. In some places the natives have given themselves over to gambling. Instead of being producers, they actually import food on the West Coast. A meeting of natives was held at Tauranga during the visit of the Bishop of Waiapu, consisting of representatives of several hopes, to renew feelings of confidence and respect to the missionaries, which the war and Hauhauism had interfered with. EXECUTION OF THE MURDERERS OF THE REV. MR. VOLKNER, MR. FUL LOON, AND THE CREW OF THE KATE. (From the New Zealand Herald.) On Thursday, May 17th, the aboriginal natives Mokomoko, Hcromita, Hakitraiti (mur- derers of the Rev. Karl Sylvius Volkner), and Hororaonn (accessory), Mikaero Kirimanga (principal), for the murder of Mr. Fulloon and the crew of the Kate, were hanged within the precincts of Mount Eden Stockade TboRov.Fathor Macdonald (Roman Catholic), visited the gaol on Wednesday night, about 8 o'clock, just after the Rev. Mr. Grace, to whom most of the prisoners were well known, as he was to them, had left. The land was a scene of the most painful kind, but it produced no declaration upon the part of the prisoners, or those who visited them, beyond what was already known. We believe, however, that the condemned prisoners have severally written to his Excellency the Governor statements giving on explanation of their conduct, and giving an account of all the transactions which led up to the terrible catastrophe for which they were condemned to suffer. A few minutes after 7 o'clock, the Rev. Dr. Maunsell arrived at the gaol, almost simultaneously with the Roman Catholic fathers Macdonald and Novardo. The several clergy- men proceeded at once to the condemned cells, where they remained with the prisoners in prayer until a quarter of on hour before the execution. At ten minutes to 8 o'clock, Messrs. Scotter struck the irons off the feet of Here mona Propiti (Solomon the Prophet), and Mokomoko, who again retired to their cells and were engaged in prayer until the bell tolled. The scene which was presented at this time was more than usually solemn and impressive. The admission to the gaol yard was by ticket, and from 150 to 200 persons must have been present. The demeanour of the spectators, whether without or within the precincts of the gaol, was in keeping with the reality of the scene that was being enacted, At 8 o'clock the prison bell tolled, when the sheriff, accompanied by the governor of the gaol, proceeded to the condemned cells and communicated to the clergymen in attendance upon the Protestant culprits, Horomona and Mokomoko, that the time had expired. The cell doors were at once opened, and his Excellency's warrant was read over to the two prisoners. The executioner, enveloped in crops to the word, took up his position behind oned prisoner as he emerged from his cell, and proceeded with alacrity to the work of pinioning. Horomona was the first to appear ; his eyes were closed, and he uttered the responses in a voice singularly sonorous, and with, enunciation particularly clear. He was entirely passive. He had been divested of the long white beard which distinguished him upon his trial, and instead of the lock of hair on his forehead, which like a phylactery marked him out as the aeroplane of the new supersti- tion, his hair was cropped close to the scalp, The demeanor of Mokomoko was loss quiet. His restless eyes sought the face of everyone, until they met the countenance of some follow native, of whom there were six or seven present, and then he would give expression to a convulsive "more," or "What is the use?" This word he uttered twice or three times in reply to the exhortations to pray from the psoudo-prophet, his fellow in condemnation. When Mokomoko came forth into the open air he turned round towards the other divisions of the gaol and uttered aloud, " o korrak," or " Farewell," and several times on his march to the scaffold he exclaimed, tener in hair fair nupakoha." " Farewell, pakehas." When the two men arrived at the foot of the scaffold I and ascended they wore self-possessed, and betrayed not the slightest indication of moral loudness or faltering. They were preceded by the gaoler, Mr. Tuckwell, the Sheriff, Colonel I Balneaves, and Dr. Maunsell, reading the appropriate service. The air of Horomona was that of a devotee, and whilst the halter was being adjusted he was motionless, yet crying aloud, "etc, also to change of hair" ("Lord have mercy upon me.") He ventured to turn towards Mokomoko, and exhorted him to prayer, when again the response was " india " (" What's the use?") During the process of adjusting the horror, Mokomoko exclaimed, " tones chair of motohnrnkorc," ("I die without cause," or "I am innocent.") Having said this be closed his eyes, and gave himself entirely up to the hang- man. The Rev. Dr. Monsell having finished prayers, shook the two prisoners by the band. The bolt was about to be withdrawn, when the executioner was so overcome with nervousness as to render it doubtful whether, if left unassisted, some misadventure might not occur. However, the bolt was withdrawn, and the two men fell. The death of Horomona was instantaneous. There was one convulsive shudder apparent and oil was over. Mokomoko struggled slightly, but in less than a minute all symptom of motion had ceased to be observable. The bodies were left hanging for the usual period of an hour, when they were lowered into the coffins provided for them. The provincial eur gcou pronounced that life was in each case extinct. By 9 o'clock a considerable accession to the number of spectators had taken place. Two catechists from the Roman College had taken up a position, kneeling, outside the pon- al department; the two priests (thcRovs. Fathers Macdonoldond Navnrdo) being in the cells with their penitents. The same ceremony of striking off the irons had taken place in this case as in the former. The demeanor of Hermits and Ilakoriviu was that of men thoroughly subdued, but yet placid and collected. The deportment of Kirimauga, the leader who called for twenty men to kill the pakehas, was that of a person half dead. He kept his eyes shut, B wood about in startled importance, and was only sustained by his two companions upon whose shoulders his head for some time rested during the progress to the gallows-from a thorough break-down. In the case of these, as of the former, there was no disposition to speak. They lost their heads respectfully to the tin hut ted crowd as they passed. In truth, the two first had openly confessed their guilt, and that of all three was too fully osf ablished to admit either of complaint or explanation. The procession was preceded, us in the former case, by the gaoler and the Sheriff in the present instance the two priests walking beside the moribund prisoners with bravery in hand and crucifix in view, giving out the litany for the dying, to which the prisoners half audibly responded. In this order they mounted the scaffold- Hakarnia occupying the right hand, Hororata the middle, and Kirimangu the extreme left. The dread preparations having been made, the clergyman passed in front of the condemned men, offering them the crucifix, which, each kissed. The clergymen retired, the bolt was again drawn, and death, in the cases of Hnkornia and Hororata, was instantaneous. They were exceedingly heavy, muscular, well-nourished man. Kirimnngu was a singular contrast to those ; he was merely a boy, slightly built, and emaciated to o skeleton. His checks and cyc-sockota were so hollow that he almost resembled a ghost. After the lapse of four minutes, the hangman had to pull the body by the feet, and life was extinct. It would be in ordinary cases needless to comment upon the antecedents of men who have discharged the penalty of a horrible crime with the forfeit of their lives ; but something more is necessary in the present case than a mere record of their execution. The victims of a debasing superstitious, they lived only long enough that they might die beside the exponent of the imposture by which they were deceived. Horomona was, as he looked the true type of the religious or irreligious ontliUBiast, just as his intelligence led him. Kiriinanga, on the other hand, was the fitting instrument with which to work out a superstitious end, impulsive, illiterate, inconsiderate., and filled with imaginary baton. Mokomoko has always borne a character of hostility to Europeans, cunning, unscrupulous, with a " lean and hungry look " for grievances. Of the two men Hakaraia and Heromita, they have home, the former a neutral character, the latter a fair character. The demands of the law have been justified, well deserved retribution has overtaken the prime movers in two horrible crimes, notwithstanding that the Royal clemency has favored some that were guilty. 