CUEEENT TOPICS. A deputation consisting of Messrs Mur doch and Murphy, from the Anakies, is to wait this day 011 Mr Land Commis sioner Moore, to bring under his atten tion the necessity of expediting the sur vey of land applied for under the 42nd | section. A general committee meeting of the | Geelong and Western District Agricultu ral and Horticultural Society will be held this day. An adjourned meeting of the Comunn na Feinue Society was held last evening I in the Mechanics' Iustituce. Present— ' Messrs King, Forbes, Ashmore, Tweed dale, Ulbrick, and Shirra. At a meeting I held a week previously the advisability j of holdiug an educational examination in connection with the society was duly con- 1 sidered, but no definite action was taken j with regard thereto. The matter was i brought under the notice of the meeting last night, when it was decided not to issue an educational programme. This decision will doubtless disappoint number of intending competitors and the. public at large, as better conducted edu cational examinations than those held uuder the auspices of the society have never been witnessed in Geelong. The Rev. Mr Bickford presided last night at the Central Wesleyan School at a lecture delivered by Mr De Balk on the nature and properties of oxygen. The subject was a difficult ono to be exempli fied to a mixed auditory, and required delicate apparatus for successful delinea tion, which was not to hand. The lecture was fairly attended. Alfred "Williams was admitted to the I Hospital yesterday, suffering from aj lacerated wound of the arm, caused by an accident "at. Mr Heady's cbaff- cuttiug machine, Great Myers-street. The mis-1 chance occurred by the cog wheels seizing his shirt, whereby the patient's arm was j drawn into the machinery, which lacerated | the left arm just above the elbow joiut. The conquering quoit "match between I Messrs McMulIen and Hawkes. which was ip'ostpoiied from last Saturday in conse-j quence of the weather, will be played out I to-day, when as the very best will com pete," an overflowing attendance is ex pected. As an example of what perfec tion, may be attaiued, we notice that a quoit player in England named McGregor has* recently performed the marvellous feat of obtaining 100 ringers in 02 minutes 28 seconds, or 12 minutes 32 seconds under the time 'allowed him. Ho had 500 throws, and succeeded in hitting the iron no less than 311 times, in fact almost j every shot was either a ringer or a Int. The Victorian Lime and Cement Com pany have established a new industry, in the shape of Filters, chiselled oat of a species of limestone, called the dripping stone; we inspected two models at the company's offices, Little Malop-street, yesterday, and found them to act ad mirably. During the summer months they will be invaluable. It is anticipated that there will be a | good turn out of the members of the Kowiug 1. lub to-day, as they intend to have some stiff practice, preparatory to holding scratch matches, which it is in-1 tended shall take place next Saturday. In the remaud case of Town Inspector v. Stoneham, in which the defendant was summoned for leaving the cab-stand and applying unlawfully for hire, evidence was adduced for the defence that Stone ham was engaged by Mr S'.onctnan to go every evening to the Union Hotel for parcels, and that the defendant was not plying for hire. Case dismissed. The bench on Friday was represented by his Worship the .Mayor, W. H. Bousey, Esq, PAL, and C. Sladen, Esq, J.P. A case was decided yesterday at the Central Police-office, the result of which | is important to all parties subject to market dues. -The Town Inspector lays I an information: that one Heath hawked ! mi YW<M bis prgdqoe without paying ' tjis proper dues. . Defendant was seen to deliver gooua at Mr Lcvien's establish ment, and to sell other goods to Mr Penrose. In the first case there was only the bare fact of delivery deposed to, In the second case testimony was adduced that ^vegetables had been hawked, bargained for, delivered, and payment made. The defence to this asserted at tempted evasion of market duc3 was, that the defendant is a wholesale green grocer, who delivers to order, and who, therefore' did not come within the provisions of the Act, 17th section, under which the infor mation was laid. For the prosecution Mr Penrose deposed that the vegetables bought by him were not delivered to order, but were sold at the solicitation of the defendant. The defendant on the other hand denied this statement "in toto," and averred that the cabbages were taken from his cart without his con sent, and in his absence, and that he submitted to the transaction, seeing that the bag full of cabbages were in the possession of Mr Penrose. The case was decided by the Bench inflicting a fine of 10s for breach of the law, together with the costs of court. The case is one of importance. Can parties, under pretence of delivering to order, bring produce to town and deliver without paying market dues) If so, there is opportunity to bargain outside of the town boundary and avoid the corporation toll by so doing. Under such pretence or act the market would become a nullity, or a place to be avoided, and a serious de ficiency. would accrue to the municipal revenue due_ from this source. It would be difficult, indeed, to collect market dues at all, for how could the inspector pro ceed to enforce the legal demand, if the plea be submitted that the produce is supplied to demand ? It is evident that a wide field would be open to collusion, and if the practice were tolerated with regard to garden vegetables, it would have to be extended to tbe larger items of farm pro duce, such as hay and straw, and would end in the abolition of markets and their lessees, while the corporation would be driven to seek fay increased taxation in other directions a substitute for tbe loss incurred. A great loss has occurred in I past years by allowing wood-carters to I ply their vocation without paying their j quota to the corporate expenses, but wo have not heard of any equivalent ! benefit to the burgesses beiug given by those emancipated by foregoing a legal claim. There seems to be but one healthy course opeD, aud that is to enforce tolls fairly and equally on all, or to abandon the system altogether, aud proclaim an internal free trade, the re sult of which would be greater facilities to home producers at the cost of an in creased per centage on the assessment of the property of the burgesses. A few would benefit at the cost of the public. Moderate market dues would be abolished, and the people at- large would pay just what they pay now, for the emancipation from market dues could not in an appre ciable degree, affect the value of the pro duce submitted for sale, whilst the charge would disarrange the economy of the Corporation. A bonus would be offered to a few individuals who would pocket it, and there the benefit would end. The action taken, and the result attending it, is, we submit, of a satisfactory nature to the pubiic, and may prevent a repetition of tbe attempt to evade just claims for. contribution to public iacilitics offered, and accepted and used. ; The Bohemian Glass Blowers are an nounced to appear in Geelong on "Wed nesday next. Tne weather in Geelong yesterdav was of a curious character. Early in the morning the sun shone brightly, and many pareuts doubtless fancied that the children would enjoy a walk in the Gardens. Towards midday the sun frequently hid- itself behind the clouds, and during the afternoon pedestrians had every now and again to rush for shelter from the chilling drenching showers wiiicb came down at an acute angle with a force that was anything but pleasant. A dispute arose between Mr Mylnes and Sir McDuff respecting a crucifix missing after the celebration of a wake. The affair wars not very intelligably stated, but it resulted in tbe use of forcible language by Mr McDuff; who used threats to Mr Mylnes, upon which a summons was issued. It transpired that the forcible language was not used in a public thoroughfare, or in the presence ot wit nesses, upon which facts being elicited the case was dismissed. Writing from Rokewood, a correspon dent of the_ B:\Ilarat Star complains :— " Mo little dissatisfaction has been evinced on the part of the miners here, in conse quence of the action of the Government in putting up for sale a considerable quantity of land in the parish of Warram bine; against the alienation of which numerously signed petitions had been forwarded to the Lands Department. Although the land has broughtto the State upwards of Jyi an acre, and the t-.overu ment geologist has pronounced against its auriferous character, those interested in mining matters are determined to oppose, with even greater vigour than heretofore, any intended alienation of Crown lands in this neighborhood for years to come It was understood that the Government was disposed to reserve a tract of country near here for a State forest, and a very desirable object this would be; but as yet we see no signs of any such reserve beui<* maaa ^ On the contrary, the edge of the forest is being fast denuded of its best timber, it being cut lor tbe purpose of feeding the teamsters' bullocks. It is very sad to see the fiue she-oak trees lying dead, while the barbarity remains uu pauished." ~l Lowestoffe fisherman writes to the Age on the recent experiments in deep sea fishing:—"As the subject of deep sea fishing is now occupying a good deal of public attention, permit an old fisherman to make a few remarks upon the same. Forty-three years* experience, I hope, will give me the right to speak upon a subject which has cost me a good deal of time and money in this country 7V"h reference to the late cruise of the Kcdcliffe, under tbe command of Captain Newman, it is with regret that I have to | express my opinion against him in the matter of.Jus late prospecting tour, or fish ing excursion. With all due deference to Mr Newman, Imustdemurto his judgment when ho says that the Redcliffe is a suitable vessel for deep sea fishing, or that he, or any man, can find fish in sufficient quantity and quality to pay a company or private individuals. I have becu over the same ground, so that I do not speak rashly. X do not say that there .are no fish m these waters; but whoever would catch them must go further awav _ really into the deep sea : and for the Kedciiffe to have started at this unfavour able season of the year, with only one trawl net, aud with such a boat, and to travel over the old beaten track instead of breaking new ground, was a mistake that no old fisherman, at least a practical one, should have made. Would any old Yarmouth or Lowestoffe fisherman attempt to go to sea under the same circumstances ? 1 say, no; and none knows this better than Mr Newman for a company to be successful here they must start with a capital of at least not less than Us,000, which would build six new boats upon the most improved sys tem, and at least twenty trawl and drift nets, and fit them out for a six months' cruise Then may we hope to find a deep sea fishery. All past efforts in this di rection have been so much money entirely wasted If the Redcliffe is to go out again, let her have at least three trawl n.its and oils drift net, or say two of each My belief n that the drift net wilt be found tue most suitable for the purpose." A discovery 0f bones, says the Mount A cxander Mail, apparently belonging to a kangaroo ban been made by some miners at Campbell s Creek. The remains were found at a depth oi about sixteen feet in new and solid ground. A heavy wash of gravel runs in the immediate vicinity ?reek g bed °f some form" The following.information with respect to tbe intended movements of thehon Mr Sullivan, is-supplied by'the- Bendigo Ad vertiser:—"A number of Mr Sullivan's; friends and constituents at Eaglehawk, and around that, portion of Mandurauir, j have decided on inviting him to a bau quet previous to bis departure—which, by [ the way, we understand will be via Mel bourne to Wellington aud not via Sydney, i The Mayor of Eaglehawk has, we under stand, invited Mr Snllivau, leaving it to ! that gentleman to fix the day. As Mr Sullivan does not evince any anxiety to state his 'reasons for resigning office,'and the evident object of, the inviters is to , learn the true facts of the case, the proba bility is that the invitation will be | politely declined." Severe weather has set in in earnest in R,„nraghW,obd of the GiPP3 Land Ranges. Wednesdays Wood's Point Leader reports :-"Tbe rainfall here has been almost contiuuons .for the past rt°„e7i consequently the waters of the (jronlburn are considerably swollen. One result of this increase is that the miners m the river claims have too much water to contend with. At Matlock, the snow-fall has been intense, leaving a drift , ot hve or six feet in depth on several parts of the range-track between that place and j the head waters of the Macalister. In I 'he„nelgnbourhood of Stringer's Creek, | trathc has almost altogether ceased in consequence of the severity of the weather. There is a very considerable want of worldly wisdom displayed in the Ballarat Star of yesterday, in the very determined opposition exhibited towards the Warren heip ghost. Our contemporary lives by the district, and should surely be ready to award some little encouragement to anything sensationally new, rather than disparage native ingenuity " On Thurs day, the house was iuspocted by a num ber of persons from various parts of the district, curious to unravel the ridiculous tale; and although the Faliey family appeared strong in their belief that can dles had been lighted and displaced in the house by some mysterious agency, they seemed singularly alone in such an outrageous opinion. One point in this most ridicnlons of ghost stories is that the candles were ODly said to bo lighted after the persons had- left the room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when anyone was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday, with candles strewed about in the house in extravagant profusion, and some of tucux crossed iii tlic most approved fashion, as if a wake had just been cele brated • and perhaps the proximity of the ^we^iuS the brewery, and the well-known quality of the beer may be reasonably taken in support of that view of the case." Not?, a notice of this kind is neither fair to a new aspirant to public fame, not advantageous to the neighbor- ' hood, and.we should not be surprised if the inhabitants of Warrenheip were to enter an indignant disclaimer against this kind of criticism. A protest to the following effect might- perhaps do some good, especially if signed by an M.L.A., an ex-mayor, and others:—Wo think that such scurrilous notices have a prejudicial eliect on the interests of the town, and prevent talented performers visiting us, wucreby we are deprived of many au evening's entertaiument, and casual visitors have more reason to call Warren h -ip dull in consequence. _ The following paragraph, which we clip from the Beudigo advertiser, will perhaps snow how detective officers often get lauded for au acutcneFS which, in many cases, they do not possess : -"An inquiry ot a very peculiar nature is to be held to day before Mr Superintendent Ohomley, the subject being a complaint made by Mr Edward OKeefe of the Commercial iiotel, against Detective O'Heil The complaint made by Mr O'Keefe'to the L/biet Commissioner of Police is, we Ie/irn to the following effectAir O'Keefe states that some few days before Mr J. 'be 'ate secretary of the Cain paspe Load Board, was arrested on the charge of embezzlement, he (Air O'Keefe) having previously arranged the matter with the friends of Mr Wall, saw Detective ONeil and stipulated with the latter that it information were giveu of the whereabouts of Air Wall, and his arrest ehected, a portoin of the reward of irvir r banded over to him (O Keefe) for the purpose of his defence- Mr O'Keefe asserts that this bargain was made by Detective U AejJ; that the information was giveu to him ; that Wall was instructed to be at a certain place, where the detective was to attend • that all this was done, at the n) Wa,s accordingly taken h„f and huur appelate!; but that when the reward was re ceived by Detective O'Keil he repudiated e agreement, and refused to hand over any of it to Air O'Keefe, who in the meantime had, on the strength of Air U Aeils promise, retained counsel for his a"d^ad become personally re sponsible for the expenses. Such are the man, features of the case referred by Air Standish to Mr Ohomley for investiga tion and report. fnnt e °f-Ci?rnTOry vaIuaUe works of art took place m Alelboume on Thursday. The 1 ml° I3 thu3 cbr°mclcd in the Age "Some magnificent oil paintings, by Eugene Yon Uuerard, were yesterday disposed of by pub lic auction, m the estate of Mr D. Eiseu staedter. The sale attracted considerable j attention, and the competition was very . Tbe Snowy Afountains, Wan- | garatta„Gipps Land,- was purchased for the European market, byMrJ.L. Grundy, of CoUms-street a well known connoisseur, for ±-110, not a third of its real value, and the remainder of the pictures were disposed of at fair pnees. lhe view of' Cape Schanck' was purchased by Mr Williams, the COaeb builder, for £60 ; and he was also fortunate msecurmg another choice picture, 'Alount WUIiam and part of the Grampians, W Vic toria'for £25 Mr Reed, of Collins street was the successful competitor fertwo pictures the Fig Tree Group on the track from Kiama to Shoalhavcn, IN. S. Wales," and Mount Kent, on the Wangaratta, Ginns land," for £44 10s. " Thl view 0f the ALtte Alitta River, with part of the l-'enara W V Tw'f' ; B' Viofcoria," was bought by AL J. Wilson for £30 ; and Air Gibb was the purchaser of « The Elephant Rock, De^ QaP° Sehanck, i°r which he gave £-2-"). and " ALunt Louisa, on'the Gipps Land," for £18. The eight pictures klf / j"8'' Little more than three hundred pounds sterling for ei"-ht worth at least £250 Ich! °We Pre not much given to prophecy, yet we dare venture to predict that in,ten yeatf time each and every one of theen pictures will, if it . come into the market be eagerly snatched up at the sum now mid' for the eight; and to give point to Z pre diction we will adapt a wonderfully modest idea from a eontemporarv • " Wo .v.'ei, readers to make a notTol our de ivoAn/"' this matter in order thL K mav s„ '" the and 3 -few days bence (for mark ' tosav 'ThenAdyetfd0n0 With)' be tabled" .°, T> -the Advertiser was right in this as it has been m everything else.'"" «lT^t TaIuf>'n a commercial sense of the forming a company, with the view of utibtln bourne'^10th bourne, 10th August, 1SC0. Sir,-! have to the office by Messrs Allen, of Audi's Creek. I find it to consist of sulphide of iron and titaniferous iron, witha considerable quantity of scaly gold. I have eliminated the gold, and having taken 10 oz of the sand, obtained a result of 24 grains, which shows a return of 253oz 17dwt 4gr per ton of sand. I have not assayed the gold, but, judging from its appearance, it is of a fair average quality. -I hare. &c.;, W. Yazie cDions, 'j o Brough. Smyth, Esq., Secretary for Mines" 