Select ML T H E S L E E P-W A L K E R ; OR, -".-X LAET THEBEBA'S TRXAX.S, CHAPTER XVir. By MBS. GORDON SMYT0IES, Autlior of " Oar Mary," " Tha Wotmmin Blacky " etc. eto. He ruled tliem. Maii may rule the worst, By ever, daring to be first THE rage- of Lord Rosemount, when he discovered that Lady Theresa was gonp, defies description. For some hours ho jb'oliaved like a maniac. He swore at the servants, who fled dismayed at his approach ; he stormed, ho stamped, he raved, in the impotence of his fury. He flung down chairs aud tables, and taking from the wall a beautiful full-length portrait, in oils, of Lady Theresa, at the age of fourteen, spat upon it and kicked it into the hall. The inexplicable and truly mysterious nnture of Lady Theresa's dissppearanco added to the violence of his almost insane fury. • He did not know whom to accuse, whom to censure. If he could have fixed reaeon- (ible suspicion upon any one, ho would probably- have torn that person limb from limb. The silly old duke, who really bad>a senile passion for his lovely, bride elect, was so overwhelmed with disappointment, and so terrified by Lord Rosemount's violence, that he was taken suddenly and seriously ill, with a severe attack of gout, which retributive demon flew from his-feet to his head, and thcnco to his stomach, threatening, ere long, to rid Lady Theresa of his odious suite, by providing him with a very different bride —Death! The honorable and reverend divine who was to have tied the knot, did not think it wise to leave his ducal relative and patron until the living of Cornlands had been given to him, and as—being a nervous man—the furious conduct of Lord'Sosemount terrified him almost out of his.not very, strong-mind; he confined himself to. -his own bed room, adjoining the duke's apartments, only leaving it to sit with tho duke, with vtliom he took his meals, and spending'all the intermediate time-booziug by ^himself, for he was an inveterate and confirmedi toper. So very cleverly was the entrance in the oratory* to the subterranean passage concealed, that it was quite impossible for any: one not apprised of its existence to imagine, such an outlet possible. - The floor of the. oratory was curiously paved with rare woods, in a Mosaic pattern, inlaid with brass. The square, which formed a sort of trap-door above the secret passage,- and through which Lady Theresa had escaped, was, when closed with a strong spring,- not in the smallest perceptible degree different from the otlierd. With regard to the window, it seemed quite impossible that Lady Theresa could havo effected her escape by that means. It was very narrow, and was also some four or five feet from the ground; but as there was no other mode of* egress of which Lord Rosemount had any idea—for he himself had locked the door of communication between tho staircase of the oratory and r the ante-chamber of the boudoir—he came to the conclusion that, by some inexplicable means, some hidden ladder of ropes, or some other contrivance, Lady Theresa had escaped through the window. Goshawk, and all the other servants, felt quite certain that she had'been spirited away; but Lord Rosemount only swore the louder and cursed the deeper when he found out that such was their belief. He was quite resolved, if possible, to discover her hiding-place, for be felt certain she must be hidden somewhere about the promises. The possibility of her having found a long missing key, and ascended the flight of stairs communicating with the ante chamber of'her own boudoir, struck him at last, and, accom • panied by Goshawk.^ie searched every room in the rambling old building, and even visited the chapel. The chapel was a place he never voluntarily entered in his waking moments, although in his not unfrequent fits of somnambulism he often repaired thither. "While the earl and Goshawk were thus engaged, the men servants were despatched by him to search the grounds. They could, however, discover no trace of tho fugitive; but they took care not to approach the Black "Wood. There was not one among them who did not firmly believe it to be haunted. It, therefore, fell to Lord Rosemount's and old Goshawk's share to examine all the dark avenues and shady dells of this mysterious and much dreaded wood. Old Goshawk, although it was as much as her place, and perhaps even her life, was worth to hesitate for a moment to obey Lord Rosemount, was yet very slow and reluctant in her movements. She was in an agony of inward terror, for Bhe believed all the absurd stories of ghosts, ghouls, and hobgoblins which were current in the village about the Black "Wood. But Lord Rosemount, wbo.believed nothing, would not have tolerated-lbr a moment any sllusion to what he would have called the most contemptible of old woman's stories. He had his own inward and overwhelming horror of the Black Wood. It was phantom-huunted for him; but the ghosts his evil conscience and tormentejl memory conjured up were not those of the monks an/1 nuns of old, said to have been burned in the Black Wood after they had endured all the sickening horrors of the torture-chamber. No I The ghosts he could almost believe he saw flitting among tho dark green trees were those of a young woman and her infant son, and tho stab in her bosom, and the crimson gash across bis little, fair, round throat, made him tremble as violently and grow as lividly white as did old Goshawk when she fancied she behold dark shadows -of murdored monks and nuns gliding among the trees. However, Lord Rosemount's search among the treeB of the Black Wood was not quite a vain one. He found some small delicate footprints, in which ho recognised the shape of the . little beautiful foot, shod in French hotlines, for which Lady Theresa, was remarkable. These footprints were in tho moist pathway that led to the chapol. He found also a glove, a small white kid glove, one she had dropped accidentally on the occasion of her visiting tho chapel and wood with Sir Arthur. Lord .Rosemount felt certaip.that both the footprints and the glove indicated Lady Theresa's recent presence in the Black Wood, and. that, in, all probability, she had passed through it on.her way to the nearest station, or thut she might yet be hiding in the ' large hollow trunk of some, old pollard oak x>r elm. CHAPTER XVIII-. " find slie vanished in earth t Had she'melted in air P. ' Tlioy saw not, they knew not— ?ut nothing was there." Lord Rosemount and old Goshawk-thought themselves very shrewd, but yet they did not in r the smallest degree associate the departure of Dorrington, the supposed footman, with that of Lady Theresa. " Thank, heaven !" said his lordship to old Goshawk, " it's all a mad freak of the wild, self-willed girl, to avoid a marriage which the romantic fool did not exactly, fancy, because the duke is not some young scapegrace, with black bair and white teeth, an empty head, and a more empty, pocket; but it doesn't seem that there's any real lover in the case—nothing but the beau ideal of silly seventeen. So that if we can but discover her hiding-place, and get her back again, I promise you I'll pnnisli her so severely, so signally, she won't venture" on a similar attempt in a hurry ; and I'm much mistaken if, in order to escape the life I'll lead her at llio priory, she doesn't herself propose to marry the'duke!" " Ah, she is a very self-willed younglady," said Goshawk; " and even if you do get her back, my lord, it won't be a trifle that will frighten her into obedience." " What an old fool you are, Gossipp^ !" said the earl. " Do you think, after knowing me from my birth, that I'm a man for half measures ? . I tell you, Gossippe, if I onoe get hold of her, there's no punishment I won't inflict upon her; there's no indignity she shall escape. I'll lash her, starve her, shut her up in the dark, bruise her body, and her spirit, too; and you Gossippe—you often helped me to carry out my will when her mother was ooncerned—you shall be the only person whom I will permit to have access to Lady.'Theresa until she comes to her senses.' " Well, my lord, you may depend on me," said old Goshawk, or,rather Gossippe. "I .don't hold with modern fashions, and letting young things in their teens have their own wilful way. I say with Solomon, ' Spare the rod.and spoil t^p child; 'and I'm sure my lady lias epoijt.liady Theresa to tbat degree she's no-more notion of her duty to you, my lord, than Absalom had to his father David." " Well, Gossippe," said Lord Rosemount "I feel convinced that Lady. Theresa must be, hidden somewhere in -this wood. I doubt' whether she could scramble through the thicket, so as to get out into the fields beyond particularly in her bridal dress aud veil; they would be lorn to pieces by the bramblespfend we should be sure to find shreds ojF lace hanging in the bushes. I dare Bay the silly fool is hidden in some tree or other, and means to wait till it is dark, in order, to escape across the fields to the station. "Why, if she got there, she'd be taken as a mad' woman • they'd never let a girl in a wedding-dress, veil, and wreath, all torn and soiled, too and unmistakably a person of distinction, travel by train alone. I should think they'd guess who she is, and keep her secure while they sent for me." " Unless she talked them over, my lord," sard Goshawk, "my Lady Theresa's got a tongue in her head, and a very wheedling one, too, my lord." " She deserves to have it cut out; but come, Gossippe, I fipel pretty sure she's iu this very wood. I'll turn in all the men on the estate, and have it beaten from north to south, east to west, and my two staunch bloodhounds shall be led in, too. They've . hunted down a runaway woman for me before now, and I dare say they'll find Theresa for me; but tbey won't harm her. They're too fond of the wilful hussey for that. Tell the men tbat whoever finds my young lady shall have fifty pounds for his pains, and my thanks in the bargain." The reward was offered, and the Black "Wood was soon full of men animated by "the greed of gain." Lord Rosemount himself led them on, followed by his staunch bloodhounds; but his lordship, as the reader knows, was on a wrong scent. The escape of Lady Theresa and her lover was greatly facilitated by the earl's device of concentrating all his forces iu the Black Wood. Lord Rosemount's rage, when even he was obliged to own that the wood had been thoroughly searched, aud all in vain, defies description. He felt he had lost a great deal of very valuable time. While he had been hunting the wood so ' vigorously, he had offered every facility for Lady. Theresa's escape in another direction. He now began to feel certain that she had some aecomplice. He could not doubt now that she had been assisted to escape by the window of the oratory, and provided with some disguise. He suspected in turn every servant in his employment, save Gossippe. But in the.midst of his threats, accompanied as they were with curses, to discharge them all in turn, the phyBioian iu attendaneo on the duke requested an audienoe of the earl. The physician's object was to inform the earl that the duke's symptoms hud rapidly become much more grave, and that he, Dr. Lefevre, felt it to be his duty to request that the noarest relatives of his grace might be sent for, and that any testamentary arrangements he mi.>ht wish to alter or complete might be attended to immediately. Lord Rosemount amazed the calm, demure man of science by the tempest of passion with which he reoeived an announcement, that seemed to shut out all hope of his making thegood-natured,compliant,silly, old dukehis son-in-law. He said the dnke's cousin, the Rov. Mr. Blandford, was the proper person to inform his grace's family of danger, and tbat if ho wanted theduko to make any alterations in his will, there was a solicitor at Ipswich, who could bo sent for at once. The doctor, a small, pale, shadowy man in black, with a bald head and veiy shrinking, gentle manners, had no soonor received this answer thin he bowed low, not venturing to look through his spectacles ot tho colossal but enraged Lord liosemouut; but like a thin, black shadow, ho swiftly and noiselessly flitted away, very glad to find himself safely out of tbat terrible prosonoo. And now, while the Rev. Mr. Blandford, at the instigation of Dr. Lefevre, sends an express for the nearest solicitor, the hope of securing Cornlands lending energy and zeal to his movemonts, and while the doctor, at the divine's.request, writes .'to the^duke's sister, Lady. Horatia Marchmont, Ira only near relative, to summon her to her bMjjhbr's sick bed, we will :inquire what has becorap.of Lady Theresa, and whether a,step, always questionable, although, in her case, perhaps excusable,.namely, an elopement, has prospered. " (To be. continued.)> BYBONV 