VICTORIA. " Two years ago says the Wagga Wagga Express, "there were 300,000 scabby sheep in New South. Wales. Since that time the Scab Act has been diligently enforced, and with such beneficial results that the disease has now been almost eradicated, and it is anticipated that in a very short time the whole colony will be enabled to show a clean bill of health. In Victoria the same disease has, for the last fifteen years, been treated after the peculiar fashion in vogue amongst our neighbors, and there are, at the present moment, we might almost say, millions of i scabby sheep within her borders." Another case of forgery (says the Mel bourne Leader) has just been discovered. It appears that on Wednesday evening, Detectives Hudson and Foster were informed tliat a forged £1 note had been received by a collector of water rates, from a man named Chauncey Presley, who had been employed as door keeper at the Alhambra Casino, and in connection with Mr Coppin's skating rink. The officers at once arrested Presley, and charged him with having uttered the forged note. He stated that he had obtained it from a photographer named Joseph Henry Soden, a youth employed at Mr Simon's photo graphic rooms, Swanston-street. . The detec tives then proceeded to Sodon's residence and there found a genuine £1 note of the Bank of Victoria, being the prototype of the one passed to the* collector of water rates.! Thursday morning the officers went to Mr ! Simon's photographic establishment, and j there found four negatives of £1 notes of the J following banks :—The London Chartered, j the National Bank of Australasia, the Bank j of Victoria and the branch blank at, Beech-1 worth of the National Bank of Australasia, j The Melbourne Leader of 26th instant says:—" South Australia has a maniacal j judge who doubts the existence of every j body save himself- He insists that the! colony has no constitution; no laws, no; Parliament, no Attorney-General, and finally, that hone of the judges are rightly appointed save himself. So high has his madness gone that he has quashed all the informations against persons presented for trial, and threatened to commit the Attorney-General for maintaining that he was empowered to I prosecute for the Crown. The man is mad, and must be got rid of- But in South Australia the Act of New South Wales, which in Victoria places the judges aii case of mis conduct under the Executive, is not in force,; and it is, therefore, necessary to call Parlia ment together forthwith, in order to procure Mr Boothby's removal- Here* lie could at once be suspended by the Governor in Council—at least such is the decision of the Home^y^eriimentinthebbhiroverayh on* judges and the Attorney-General." ; We have our files from- Sydney to the 19tb inst. The • news, however, is unimportant. The Wandering Beporter of the Sydney Morning Herald, writing from Barraba, dated^ 18th May, says:—"The country is in'sq^ miserable a state that I have been three days getting thus far. Since leaving the IJoeky 3£iver, my "unfortunate horse has_ not liada bit to eat beyond the few mouthfuls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the statioiis and stopping places everything is perfectly bare, and no hay or corn to ba had so that to keep life in my poor animal I. have been obliged to camp, for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any place on the ranges where there was any-—not feed, for that there is not—but the slightest suspicion of there being the ghost of a blade of dried up grass. This is the first place I have; reached where hay is obtainable, and I am stopping to-day to get my hoise a tucker, as I ain told there are the same pros pects of starvation for him at Bingera. The whole country is an immense waste; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone through a very severe winter. Should any bad weather set in you will hear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this—the Liverpool Plains—and in the Kew England districts. All the Ri vers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vege table matter it holds in solution from the chick-weed that covers it. Children, and even grown people, are suffering from dysen tery, owing to the use of the water." When is a man " like any other man ?"— When he corresponds with him. " Ma," said a little boy, •' why is a postage stamp like a bad scholar ?" 141 can't tell, my son; why is it?'' " Because it gets licked and put in a corner." Why is a windy orator like a whale?— Because he often rises to spout. There seems to be iiO doubt that there is a rupture between Rome and Russia. Accord ing to advices from Rome, Baron Meyendorff, the Russian ambassador, on his departure from the city, left only a semi-official agent, as his representative. Haggis.—It was when living in these wilds that a practical joke of John Gunn's was played off, as follows " After the buttle of Culloden, James Moir lurked about in the wildest parts of Aberdeenshire to escape imprisonment. One day the Laird of Stoney wood, with a small party of friends and servants, was on Jfche hill of Benochie engaged in boiling a haggis for their dinner, when they were suddenly aware of a party of soldiers coming up the hill directly towards them. Flight was their only resource, but before leaving the fire John Grunn upset the pot, that their dinner might not be available to their enemies. Instead of bursting on the ground, the haggis rolled unbroken down the* hill towards the English soldiers, one of whom, not knowing what it was, caught it on his bayonet, thereby showering its contents over himself and his comrades, on seeing which termination to the adventure, John * Gunn exclaimed,.4 See there! even the haggis, God bless her, can charge down hill.3"—'' A Jacobite. Familyin the *4 North British Review" 