The Nobelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER VIII. By The Author of " Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; WHEN Philip quitted Fairy he was in no mood to be meddled with. Mingled with the yearning tenderness of his love, and his passionate longing to shield and comfort her, and protect her against all the world, was the sting of jealousy, the exasperation of untoward circumstances, and the agonising fear that Fairy, overcome by these, might at last yield to Mr. Norman's cowardly pursuit. Like a sudden winter in the spring of youth, he felt the coming shadow of the blank darkness that would fall on his life if he lost her. Without Fairy there was no happiness in the world for him. All his dreams of ambition would fade away, all desire of success leave him, all settled purpose and endeavor scatter to the uncertain winds, all bright hopes sink down into dust and ashes. The pride of arms, the visions of glory, the enthusiasm that would bear him through toil or battle would fall dead, or lie withered and fruitless in his heart to mock him with the shadows of what might have been. It is the man who makes unto himself a happy home that can go forth into the world to work with willing hands. The day's toil, its bitterness or its cruelty, sharp though it be, shall fasten no venomed fang in him, for the spirit-healer awaits him on his household hearth. There, in that clinging welcome, lies his joy, there is his true life, for the life without is only the life of the brain, the hands. Here the heart is garnered up, and if no grief touch him here, the griefs without are but a gnat's sting, or a shadow fleeing in the first sunshine of the dear one's smile. But reverse the picture. Look at the man by whose hearth sits the ungenial image, in whose cold face he can read neither love nor welcome. It is no living creature, it is dead flesh which he has perchance bought with his money, and whose weary soul lives far away in those past days that shall never come back again for her, when she, too, had dreams of happiness, buried now beneath this chill hearth, where their ghosts rite and mock her. Would he win love of her ? Lo ! the wise king hath said that "though a man would give, the whole substance of his house for love, yet shall it be utterly contemned." She is dead to him ; he never stirs a pulse of her being ; he has never brought the colour to her cheek ; never made her heart beat quickly ; never caused the glad gleam of laughter nor the rain of tears to shine or to fall from those bright eyes of hers, that look on him unlovingly, seeing neither his joy nor his woe. Shall a man with an image such as this at bed and board ever win success in life ? Surely never. Go, mark him from the hour he brought that cold and shrinking form to his fireside, and you shall see ruin pursue him. It may not be ruin of fortune, but no matter what shape the ruin takes, it is ruin still. He carries it with him to his desk, to his work, to his pleasure ; his weari- ness will not leave him for laughter, nor for labour, nor for care. His vexed thoughts torment as keenly in a gay crowd as in solitary places, and his unquiet jealousy gnaws even in sleep. An unloved man ! Well, he knows it at last, but what does it matter now ? He is as dead as she ; his love is worn out, has died in her indifference, and the perishing interests of this world alone keep these two together. Like walls of flesh they have for ever shut up their souls from each other's sight. There may be life still in those two, but it is a life that must be kept back, held down, struggled against, grappled with, conquered— a life of morbid regret or rankling bitterness, a life that lies bleeding at every pore, and he shall never show this life of his to her, and she shall never whisper hers to him. A ghastly mockery of marriage is theirs, lingering out its slow death till a funeral pall and a lying tomb cover it out of the world's sight. Some suoh thoughts as these disturbed Philip's mind in his hurried walk towards home— a fear that Fairy's might be a fate like this, that she might be torn from him and wedded in some such a way as this, leaving him in loneliness to wear out an existence the torture of which seemed in his young eyes— blinded, perchance by love— too great for human courage to bear. And then there rose within him a strong indig- nation against the injustice and cruelty that would condemn two lives to so intolerable a burden, and a fierce resolve to hold his love and his happiness against all machinations and cunning. Who was this man that dared to sentence him to years of anguish and loneliness ? What right had he to mar his life and mix for him a cup of bitterness ? Should this fellow rob him of the woman he had loved ever since he— a child— had nestled her childish head with its golden glory of sunny curls upon his boy breast ? No, by heavens ! not while he, Philip, had one drop of life in him, and a good British fist wherewith to protect his own. Who was he ? Let him come on— where was he ? Mr. Norman's soft voice answered him. His very horse felt his master's instincts and bore him cat-like and stealthily along the road, and Philip in his abstraction had heard no footfall to tell him of his rival's approach. "Good day, Mr. Rayner ; you have rather a muddy walk." Philip looked up, and bowed coldly, without giving to his face the smoothness of a conven- tional smile. There are times when small irrita- tions vex the spirit with a sting sharper than great sorrows. This was one of them, that Mr. Norman should be riding without a speck on him, with scarcely a speck on his bright bay, and should dare in that soft voice of his to make a remark on the muddy and splashed condition in which he, Philip, borne on by his fierce thoughts walked heedlessly through the thick mire of the country road. Mr. Norman had all a cat's cleanliness and dislike of watery places for his dainty feet, and as Philip gazed on his spotless attire, his trim elegance and graceful ease, he grew chafed, and hot, aud contemptuous. "If you left home intending to call on ladies, Mr. Rayner," continued Mr. Norman blandly, "you should have ridden, for really an attire so splashed is scarcely presentable in a drawing- room." Philip felt his cheeks and even his ears burn, but with a great effort he answered civilly— "I trust I know quite as well as yourself, Mr.. Norman, what is due to ladies, but as it hap- pened I could not ride to-day." "Really ! and what is the matter with your steed, then ?" Philip's indignation almost choked him, yet he still steadied his voice. "Mr. Norman, you are perfectly aware of the fact that I keep but one horse either to ride or drive, and to-day I have lent him to my mother. Allow me to wish you good morning." He walked on hurriedly, but the bright bay was by his side in an instant. "Upon my word," said Mr. Norman in an amiable tone of gentle banter, "Mrs. Rayner ought to appreciate the chivalric devotion to elderly ladies which induced you to show a slight to the young ones. And not content with braving the mud yourself to-day, I think you further proved your chivalry by taking a delicate girl into the damp meadows, who, to say the least, would have been safer at home." "I am on foot, you are on horseback— pass on !" thundered Philip. "Really, Mr. Rayner, you lose your temper very easily," said Mr. Norman in a tone of affected surprise. "And I don't see why we should be ordered to canter when we only feel inclined for a walk, eh, puss ?" he added, apos- trophising his horse as he patted him on the neck. "Mr. Norman," retorted Philip with a very white face, "if you walk your horse you must perceive you keep him by my side, and when I have said this is disagreeable to me, I should think you, as a gentleman, would feel bound to pass on." "Not at all," replied Mr. Norman carelessly. "We are at no man's orders, my horse and I— we don't belong to a regiment. Do you not perceive," he continued, fixing his eyes on Philip with a smile that maddened him, "that it is we riders in this world who choose our pace, while the footmen must accommodate themselves to the circumstances we dictate ? You walkers can only keep by our side so long as we please to let you. I am measuring my pace by yours now, Mr. Rayner, but I can distance you in a moment if I will." Philip was too angry to ignore the meaning of this speech. "If you allude," he said, with pale and quivering lip, "to our pursuit of the same lady, let me tell you that your persecution of her is most unmanly, and I will not permit you to mention her name to me." "I am incapable of the meanness of dragging the name of any lady into a discussion," replied Mr. Norman in his sweetest tones, delighted at his own command of temper, and triumphant at having placed Philip in a wrong position ; "and the lady in question is so soon to be my wife, that it is my positive duty to request that her name—" "Liar !" interrupted Philip. "Pass on, or I will make you !" "Mr. Rayner, you are going too far," said Mr. Norman in a voice nearly as bland as ever, though an angry spot shone on his cheek ; "but I hope I know how to make allowances. Your position is a trying one, certainly. I understand it, and feel for you very much." He brought his horse close to Philip's side as he spoke, and, bending downwards, looked in his face with a smile. The expression on his smooth visage was so insulting, so triumphant, that Philip, sorely tried and harassed, lost all control of bis temper, and seizing the bridle with one hand, he with the other wrenched the whip from Mr. Norman's grasp, gave the horse a furious cut, and as it started off at a mad gallop he flung the weapon with all his force at its master. Unprepared for the sudden movement, Mr. Norman reeled in his saddle, and in his attempt to recover his seat plunged his spurs deeply into the frightened animal's sides. It reared violently, and its rider fell heavily to the ground. All this happened in a minute's space, and within sight of the repentant Philip, who, start- ing forward, bent remorsefully over the man whom a moment before he had hated. Mr. Norman lay senseless and bleeding slightly from a deep gash on the forehead. Greatly alarmed, Philip shouted for help to some labourers in a field close by, who came running towards him swiftly. Seeing them run, other men at work came running too, and a crowd soon gathered around the fallen man. "Is he dead ?" "Is he killed ?" asked sundry voices. "Who did it ?" "He fell from his horse," answered Philip shortly. "He is not dead, but I fear he is badly hurt." "Where shall we take him ?" said a poor old man from the workhouse, who had been em- ployed at scraping the road, and who had managed to stop Mr. Norman's horse. Philip looked up with a pained, bewildered gaze. He knew there was no house near save Mr. Woodford's, and he feared they must carry him thither. "Can we take him to the village ?" he said. "It's a good mile off," grumbled a hedgecut- ter suspiciously, who, hidden behind the bushes, had heard somewhat of the quarrel. "Any one would think you wanted the gentleman to die, sir. There's a house called Willow Lodge close at hand ; we had better take him there." "Yes," said Philip with a deep sigh— "yes, take him there by all means." It cost him a pang such as the jealous only know, but he said it bravely and generously. Then tearing a leaf from his pocket-book, he wrote a few pencilled lines to Fairy, which he placed in a rough, kind hand, adjuring her to believe nothing till she had received a full ex- planation from himself. This done, the men with all gentleness took up their burden, while with a faint, sick heart he watched them bear away his rival to that house which he felt sure would now be shut against him for ever. And Mr. Norman was going there to be tended by hands that might never arrange pillow for him, to be nursed by one who might never sit by his side in sickness, to be watched by eyes which might never bend over his face when it paled in sorrow or in pain. Somehow the whole future loomed upon him heavily ; he felt as though he had fought a great battle, and that Mr. Norman, wounded and bleeding as he was, had won it. Turning away with a heavy groan, Philip mounted the horse, now standing quietly by, and rode swiftly to Sharpton for medical aid for Mr. Norman. CHAPTER IX. ROOTS, who had seen nothing from the window, burst into a stream of horror as she opened the door to the wild and noisy procession that knocked for admittance. "Oh, ma'am !" she cried, "here's murder ! here's Mr. Norman killed ! Oh dear ! I thought 'twould come to this. This is Mr. Philip's doing, for sartain." "If you mean the young milingtary gentleman as comes up here sometimes," said the woodcut ter, "you are right," "Good heavens !" exclaimed Mrs. Woodford, turning very white as she rushed forward. "He can't be dead— it's impossible ! What will be- come of us in the hands of Mr. Grind ?" "You had better be quiet, mamma," observed Agnes coolly. "He is not dead, I am quite sure." "This if your doing, you unhappy, wretched girl !" cried Mrs. Woodford, turning excitedly towards Fairy. "Now that your machinations have ruined your family, I suppose you will be content. You will scarcely uphold a murderer, will you ?" Very pale and trembling, Fairy read Philip's hurried note, which one of the men had given her, and then said gently that she was sorry for Mr. Norman, but she was sure Philip was not to blame. Mrs. Woodford would have replied passion- ately, but again Agnes checked her. "Mamma, don't be a fool," she whispered, "exposing our family circumstances before these men ; leave Fairy alone." "She has killed poor Mr. Norman," cried Mrs. Woodford, wringing her hands— "she and Philip. Oh, what will become of us ?" But again entreated to be quiet, both by Agnes and by Roots, she calmed down a little, and overflowing with pity, sympathy, and anxiety she received Mr. Norman's wounded head in her maternal arms, as the rough men laid him down on the hard sofa in the dining-room. She would have had him placed on the softer couch in the other parlour, but Agnes had so skillfully and energetically telegraphed her dis- gust at the idea of spoiling their best piece of furniture with mire and blood, that she yielded instinctively, as she too often did, to her eldest daughter. And now as Roots, kneeling by the sufferer, applied warm water to his wounded brow, and Mrs. Woodford touched his lips with cordials, Agnes gratified her curiosity by putting question after question to the men as to the cause of the accident. The woodcutter who had seen the quarrel thereupon gave his version of it ; and observing how the sympathies of all present were enlisted for Mr. Norman he took care not to make his version very favourable to Philip. But blundering as his story was, and angel as he made Mr. Norman appear, Agnes under- stood it perfectly, and she made no attempt to join in the tears that ran plentifully down Mrs. Woodford's cheeks. That lady doubtless thought she was sincere, as, leaning over Mr. Norman's face, with streaming eyes, she la- mented the depravity of one she had once loved as a son, and deplored the evil passion that had brought suffering upon a dear friend. "Well, mamma," said Agnes, "these men, you know had better go. Some one, I suppose, must pay them for their trouble." "Thankye, ma'am," "If you please, miss," murmured two or three voices. Mrs. Woodford hastily wiped her eyes, and intimated in dumb show to Agnes her total ina- bility to do anything of the sort, while at the same time, by means of a broken scrap or two of French— she was not strong in languages— she made her daughter understand that this was an opportunity for her to bring out one of her secret hoards, and prove herself liberal. Agnes in very strong French indeed protested that she had not a sou. No one observed the seemingly insensible man silently putting his hand in his pocket, but he stopped suddenly, for at this moment Fairy came timidly forward, and said with some embarrass- ment— "If ten shilling will be enough, mamma, I can give you that." "My goodness ! have you gotten shillings ?" cried Agnes in great astonishment. "What in the world were you going to do with it, and how did you get it ?" "Roots sold my old earrings for me," said Fairy. "I don't care to wear earrings, and I was saving the money to buy a little present for Philip on his birthday. Will it do, mamma ? will it be enough ?" "Yes," said Mrs. Woodford, replying in English, "give it to them at once. I am glad it goes to a far better use than you intended it for, Fairy." Fairy, however, sighed as she placed her little gift in the woodcutter's hand ; but in that tiny half-sovereign paid for him Mr. Norman felt more pleasure than in any money he had ever spent. The men looked disappointed, but before they had time to speak, or even to mutter, he permitted himseif to come slowly to his senses, and asked faintly for water. This being given with great tenderness and many kind speeches, his next anxiety was to pay the men for their care of him. "Here are two sovereigns to divide among you," he said. "And ten shillings the young lady gave us," said the woodcutter. Mr. Norman looked at Agnes with an expres- sion of great gratitude. "It was Fairy," Mrs. Woodford hastened to say, and she said it with a glow of pleasure suffused over her face. "I will not thank you, Miss Flora," observed Mr. Norman faintly, "I cannot now." He beckoned to the man as he spoke, and taking the little coin from his palm, he put a sovereign there in its place. But instead of handing back the little gold piece to Fairy, as Agnes expected— she had already mentally borrowed it of her— he placed it in his waist- coat-pocket, and then sank back on the sofa exhausted. "Here's the doctor !" cried Charlie and Lionel, making a simultaneous rush into the room ; "he is tearing up the road like a mad highway- man." Upon hearing this, Agnes, as in duty bound, ran out to the garden to meet him, while Doll, who had been sitting quite still in an arm-chair, with her feet on a cushion and a pocket-hand- kerchief over her face, because she could not bear the sight of blood, started up with a little scream and rushed blindfolded from the room. "O Mab !" she cried— "catch hold of me, Mab, do, and lock me up somewhere where I sha'n't hear his screams. There'll be an awful operation— I am sure there will— and I shall die in fits if I hear one bit of it or see one drop of blood." Contrary to Doll's anticipations, however, Mr. Norman's accident required nothing but a little sticking-plaster. He had been stunned and much shaken by the fall, but beyond this there was no serious injury to prevent his getting well as soon as he pleased. Evidently it did not please him to get well immediately. Like a skilful general, he made the most of his position, and during the first few days, when he really was ill, and the gash in his head had an ugly ap- pearance, he succeeded in winning so much of Fairy's sympathy and kindness that poor Philip, could he have seen these displayed towards his rival, would have doubly deplored the rashness that led to the accident. In the few lines he had so hastily penned he begged Fairy to await his explanation, and in a long letter sent her the next day he frankly told the exact truth ; but while he regretted his own passion he did not conceal the provocation he had received, and Fairy completely exonerated him in her heart from all blame. Mr. Norman saw by her face that she had heard from Philip, yet he uttered not a single word in hie own defence. He never alluded to his accident, except with a laugh, a reproach for his own careless riding, or a complaint of his horse's treacherous temper. He guessed rightly that this generous silence, especially during the period when he really suffered, touched her heart with a deeper pity than a thousand words could have raised. To Mr. and Mrs. Woodford, howerer, he secretely told his own tale, softening it with generous forbearance, and giving it bit by bit, painfully, as they cross-examined him. The result was a most indignant letter to Philip, penned by Mr. Woodford, forbidding him the house, in consequence of his "unpro- voked attack" upon a "dear and valued friend." But here again Mr. Norman, with his usual policy, interfered. He implored them not to send the letter till he had quitted the house ; if sent now, it would appear as if he had dictated their conduct, and they would understand that feelings of delicacy towards them and towards Philip himself would render such an inference extremely painful to him. He had no wish for revenge— none ; and he could not allow a false impression to be made on any one's mind, but above all Mr. Rayner's. After he was gone, they would be free to act as their own sense of justice and their regard for him— of which he was proud— prompted them ; but now, if they would waive their feelings for his sake, he would be grateful. The young man — Rayner— would not venture present himself at their house during his stay ; he would not presume to brave the presence of the man he had so grossly insulted ; so there really was no occasion for precipitancy in the affair. And perhaps, after all, when he was gone their feelings would cool down, and they would be willing as ever to receive the fatherless lad to whom they had through so many years shown such generous kindness. Mr. and Mrs. Woodford both protested that any return of affection on their part towards one so ungrateful as Philip was impossible, but since he magnanimously wished for delay in the expression of their feelings, they reluctantly con- sented to forego their ourburst of indignation till after his departure. Now the truth was, Mr. Norman had deter- mined that his visit should be pleasant to Fairy : no sorrow should come near her during his stay which she might justly suspect she could lay to his charge. And in order that she might never imagine that he had had a hand in Philip's ex- pulsion, he acted the generous and chivalric foe to perfection, even exciting her admiration by the expression of his noble sentiments. When Agnes first heard some of these pro- pounded she stared at him with great amazement, her black brows raised to their utmost height ; but after awhile she appeared to enjoy these magnanimous speeches extremely, and often led the conversation to a point which enabled Mr. Norman to shine as the meekest of saints and the noblest among knights. [TO BE CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT.] 