"YOU NEVER CAN TELL." I'm not going to dream, nor see visions through smoke, Nor to put on the steam by attempting to joke Like the niggar, who tells us in language of fun To go in the whole bristly porker or none ; But simply endeavour, while spinning my twist, To give you a full and a perfected list Of the horses engaged in the next Melbourne Cup— You will know who has won when the num- bers go up. In the list I find FALCON and old VOLUNTEER, While WARWICK, THE SIGN, and SEA GULL will appear, With DECEPTION, SULTANA, and fam'd SPARROW HAWK, Who it seems is first favourite— vide " Turf Talk ;" If we only but knew on which figures to fix 'Twould be easy enough, Sir, to go in " big licks," But you never can tell till the numbers go up What figures denote who will win the next Cup. There are YATTENDON, TORYBOY, MINSTREL, as well As MIDSHIPMAN, EXILE, who should go pell-mell, With the light-weighted AUSTRAL ; while great LADY HERON, With MISS FISHER and COWRA, is taking a turn ; The daughters all three of a mighty great sire, E'en with KEROSENE, brilliantly flashing like fire ; Yet you never can tell till the numbers are up. Which one of this list will lay claim to the Cup. TIM WHIFFLER, old BARWON, young MARI- BYRNONG, With PROTECTION and PRINCESS come next in my song, MUSIDORA, and Cleeland's a neat little grey mare, With the gallant old WOODMAN our notice must share ; At a hundred to three stand THE BARB and GLENYUILLE, While HIBERNIA'S gone to old Toryboy's school ; Should the unlucky SONGSTER suit Wright on the day, Why he must get a place I should certainly say ; And you never can tell till the numbers go up Who's to shout "No. 2" in the next Mel- bourne Cup. There's an old chestnut horse and a great slashing bay, Which have oftentimes gone to the front in their day ; Old FALCON has won a few races ere now, And PLAYBOY astonished us once, you'll al- low ; DUN DOLO and VISCOUNT are nags from afar, And MOZART, " old 'oss," once came out as a star ; And you never can tell till the figures are up, Which one of this number goes in for the Cup. With MIRANDA, the grey, there's a LUNATIC too, Both down in the list at a hundred to two ; There is COVENTRY, son of the neat Peeping Tom, There's a doubt about CUPBEARER coming from home ; RICHELIEU has arrived, he's a mighty fine colt, I am told they're afraid AGGRAVATOR will bolt ; So you never can tell till the numbers go up Whether Dr. L. L. has a show for the Cup. The graceful MISS PITSFORD will next claim our care, With NONSUCH and Faris's colt, SOLITAIRE ; And this ends the list. Shall we now take a peep, And see how the prophets indulging in sleep Dream dreams and see visions of races to come, And delight in poetical fancies to roam ? One sees through the smoke that ascends from his pipe That the golden-skinn'd Tim for the fray is quite ripe ; But he never can tell till the numbers are up Whether neat little Tim has a chance for the Cup. "The Niggar" has dreamt that bold War- wick's the horse Will astonish the natives on Flemington course, That John Tait will be there in his very best form, That his nags are so fit he will take us by storm ; The rest of the prophets are biding their time, Ere they give us their tips — some in prose some in rhyme. Even then they can't tell till the numbers are up Who will give the straight tip as to what wins the Cup. "Paul Pry," I'll be bound, will be just drop- ping in, And no doubt he will tell us what horse is to win ; He means no intrusion, and merely says why He has ventured to give us a tip on the sly ; Perhaps he is right, he may be quite wrong, I can only re- echo the cry of my song ; And I'm sure he can't tell till the numbers are up Whether he is correct in his tip for the Cup. I guess "Tomboy" and "Presto" will go the whole hog, And we may get a snarl from " Joe Muggins's dog ;" "Orange Blossom" will bloom in the garden of print ; And of causes and reasons there must be no stint Why this horse or that should be first past the post. We shall probably learn from " Giles Scrog- gins's Ghost," What the name of the horse is whose number goes up, (While shouts rend the air) after winning the Cup. Before I conclude, Sir, I'll venture to ask, If there's one to be found can perform such a task As to tell with a certainty what is to win ? You smile, and the smile widens into a grin. You laugh at the thought, and no wonder. I say From the man with the little black pipe made of clay, To the gentleman, signing his name 'Vol- tigeur," There is not a prophet, I'm very well sure, Will be able to tell till the numbers are up Who was right, who was wrong, in his tip for the Cup. 