TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) HELIDON. August 30, 4.50 p.m. HALF the men here have agreed to go to work to-morrow morning. The other portion, numbering under one hundred, are still dissatisfied, and are making various threats. Everything, however, is very quiet. SYDNEY. August 30. At the weekly wool sales held to-day, ninety eight bales were sold. The prices were below last quotations. Skins declined one farthing in price. The liabilities of Messrs. Caldwell have been declared at £75,000. The assets show a surplus of £9000. The Premier has arrived from China with five thousand packages of tea, of the new crop. A parcel of Barclay and Co.'s bottled beer, sold at auction to-day, brought 8s. 9d. per dozen. Dawson's alo 7s. 2d. ditto. The case brought against the Government contract undertaker, for burying more than one body in a collin, still remains unfinished. The residents of the Northern districts have petitioned the Government to remove Judge Meymott. MELBOURNE. August 30. A banquet is to be given to Mr. Van Delden, of Batavia, next week. Trade remains firm. ADELAIDE. August 30. The Government have sent home orders to stop further emigration to HUB colony. Wheat remains firm at latest quotations. IT will not be gratifying intelligence for the public to learn that they might have spared themselves the labor of writing by the supplementary mail via Panama. Owing to some This. management on the part of the postal authorities, all the mails which should have been despatched hence by the Telegraph were not put on board, the newspapers only having been shipped. The letters were sent down to the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf, a few minutes after the steamer had got underweigh, although she did not cast off from the pier until after the advertised hour of starting. This being the case, the despatch clerk, whose duty it is to see the mails put on board the steamers, started for Breakfast Creek with the view of overtaking the Telegraph, and shipping the mails at that place. There was every chance of this desirable end being accomplished, for the steamers in going down the river do not usually perform the distance in less than three-quarters of an hour, while by the road the Creek can he reached by half-an-hour's smart driving. Such a display of common sense on the part of a Government official, however, could not be permitted, and a messenger was sent after the mail cart, with orders for it to come back ; which it did. Thus was lost the opportunity of forwarding commercial and other correspondence to a great number of places, including all the eastern group of the Australian Colonies, New Zealand, America (North and South), England, and many parts of Continental Europe. We must not omit to mention that the Northern and Southern steamers are frequently detained by the dilatoriness of the Postal Department, and, no doubt, had request been made, the same courtesy would have been extended on this occasion, and a great deal of disappointment prevented. THE Nathan Troupe had a large attendance at their performance last night in the fall of the School of Arts. The entertainment opened with the amusing burlesque of Bombastes Furioso, which was well represented. Next on the programme came a hornpipe, by Mr. J. Chambers, whose excellent dancing was worthy of admiration. The audience insisted on a repetition. Mr. Small, one of the ablest members of the company, then sang, in a style entirely his own, the comic song " The Sprig of Shillelagh." Of course, he was encored. There was next a cornet solo, by Master Edward Nathan. A sketch, entitled "Irish Love- making,'' afforded the precocious Marian Nathan an opportunity of amusing the audience by her intensely comic representation of Terry O'Grady. Her sister Selina sustained the part of Miss 3£ai<y TalTcall. The songs incidental to the piece were got through remarkably well, though the diminutive vocalists, as may naturally be supposed, were far from equal to the task of rendering them with full effect, a perfection only to be attained by more matured voices. After an intermission come a grand pas de deux, by Miss Julia Nathan and Mr. Chambers. It was performed in an admirable I style. Mr. Snialloncomoroappcarcdinhischarac ter as a comic singer, This time giving " Hamlet Prince of Denmark." As we stated in a former. notice, his rendering of the song was inimitable, and completely brought down the house. A cornet duet, by the brothers Edward and Louis Nathan, was well received. La Petite Nathan then repeated her imitation of O'Neil's " Final- games Wake" with wonderful ability. The entertainment closed with a ballet, the " Ghost of the Village," and Mr. Chambers, as Pirouette, was the life of it. His ludicrous attitudes and exquisite dancing were highly appreciated. Special mention must also be made of Miss Julia Nathan as Henri and Miss Selina as Rosalie. Both are very graceful ballet dancers, and in regard to Miss Selina, her performance one could not help admiring. The troupe will appear again to-night, and a mid-day entertainment will be given to-morrow. Tun entertainment entitled " Masks and Faces," a series of light characters adapted to Miss Kate Warde, failed to draw anything approaching a tolerable audience at the Victoria Theatre yesterday evening, notwithstanding the fact that it was her benefit night. The more novel and varied amusement offered in another quarter, no doubt to some extent, was the cause of the small attendance. Miss Kate Warde has numerous admirers in Brisbane, where her high talents as an actress have been frequently exhibited, and as often substantially appreciated. It must be because the generality of the playgoers here, being accustomed to see her shine in the legitimate drama, do not care to patronise her when she appears in a class of performances so much below the standard as "Masks and Faces," that the present series of entertainments have been only indifferently supported. We hope that Miss Warde will be more successful this evening. PURSUANT to advertisement, a number of the unemployed met yesterday morning, at 10 o'clock, near the British Empire Hotel, in George-street, for the purpose of considering the best means to be taken to relieve their condition. About five hundred persons assembled. Mr. D. C. Campbell was addressing the meeting, when a shower of rain came on, and the cry was raised, "To the Town Hall, boys." The crowd, amongst which there were a few pitiable looking women, with babies at the breast, then adjourned, in an orderly manner, to the Town Hall ; but, before those who appeared to act as leaders allowed any to enter the building, leave was asked and obtained from the civic authority to make use of the Exchange Room. At this time there could not have been less than six hundred persons together. Mr. Evo then occupied the chair, and called upon Mr. Campbell to address the meeting. The latter person, after alluding to the spacious and splendid room so kindly placed at their disposal, dwelt at some length upon the unfortunate condition of the working classes, both those who were old colonists and now arrivals. He maintained that the Government, being able to raise the necessary money to pay enormous salaries to the Civil servants, were equally able if they chose to provide the working men, the greater portion of whom they had induced to come to the colony, with temporary employment and wages sufficient to keep them from starvation. Whatever interest the colony had to pay for money borrowed would be defrayed from the proceeds of taxation and the working classes contributed largely to the revenue by indirect taxation. If, therefore, fresh taxes had to be imposed to provide the in- forest, the working classes would have to bear a large share. In order to provide something to relieve the present emergency, he would suggest that a temporary tax of 6d. or 1s. per head be placed upon all sheep and cattle ; or else a half penny upon every pound of wool shorn from the flocks of the squatters. If the Government could really not give them employment after bringing them to the colony, they should, at all events, send them back to the country from whence they came. [This suggestion was received with tremendous cheers.] He would remind the meeting that the Sea choy s was lying idle, and she would admirably answer the purpose of a transport ship to convey them to New Zealand, for instance The offer of 15s. per week was very absurd, considering that many of them had other months besides their own to feed, and rent to pay. He would strongly urge upon the meeting to observe order and preserve quietude, whatever they did. Mr. Evo then proposed that a deputation consisting of ten be appointed to wait upon the Minister for Lands and make further representations to him, with the object of persuading the Government to take steps really sufficient to relieve the working classes. If the deputation could not obtain satisfaction from Mr. Bell, they were to proceed to Government House, and represent the views of the meeting to His Excellency the Governor, and ascertain whether he was willing to do anything to relieve the emergency. The motion was seconded in a short speech by a very intelligent and apparently respectable working man, who stated that he was an engineer, and had arrived by the Netherby, and that he had a family of five dependent upon his exertions, but that he had been unable to obtain a day's work. The motion was carried unanimously, and the deputation having been appointed by vote, the meeting adjourned, with the understanding that they should again assemble at 4 o'clock to receive the report of the deputation. At the hour named, the meeting re-assembled, Mr. Campbell taking the chair'. The Chairman stated that the deputation had proceeded to the office of the Minister for Lands, but that gentleman not being in, they had waited upon His Excellency. They were pretty well received, and entered fully into matters, representing that the offer of 15s. for three days' work was not sufficient to meet requirements. They asked that the unemployed should be allowed either 30s. i for six days' work, or 25s. for five days. If the Government were not in a position to meet this demand, the deputation suggested that the unemployed should be given a passage to New Zealand, together with their families. His Excellency stated in reply that in a colony possessing Parliamentary Government, the Governor could only act in such a matter with the sanction of his responsible advisors, and he could accordingly only refer them to the Ministry. The deputation then waited upon the Minister for Lands the Attorney-General was also present at the interview. Mr. Bell stated, in answer to their representations, that the Government had fully considered the propositions laid before them, but that they could do nothing further than repeat their last offer of 15s. for three days' work. He also observed, that all further applications, unless based upon that offer would be in vain; and that the Government had exceeded its legitimate powers in setting apart so much money as had been already spent in providing relief. As soon as Parliament again met a Bill however would be introduced by the Ministers, and urged forward with all possible expedition, to provide means to more effectually relieve the prevalent destitution. The Chairman went on to remark that, seeing the result of the representations of the deputation, the unemployed need entertain no idea of getting relief from the Government until the 18th of the following month. It remained for them, therefore, to keep quiet and starve until that date. He should recommend them not to meet again until Tuesday next. Mr. Evo then rose, and stated that he had been present at the interview with His Excellency, and that the latter had advised them not to make any disturbance, and that he could do nothing for them. He (the speaker) had then told His Excellency that he should keep quiet but that he must go back and tell four or five hundred starving men that nothing could be done for them. He (the speaker) was about going up the country on a pleasure trip ; but he should be back soon. He would say, however, " Keep yourselves quiet." In the mean time posters would be printed and stuck about the town to those posters he would urge the unemployed to attend, and to look after them. He wished them, however, to keep quiet, and to commit no rioting. He himself would strongly object to any disturbance being made. The Chairman rose, and stated that the only thing that the unemployed in Brisbane could now do would be to open up and keep up communication with their fellow sufferers throughout the colony, with the object of interchanging sympathy. That should be their only object. A deputation would immediately proceed up the country, travelling by honest means. Mr. J. Spence addressed the meeting at some length, stating that he certainly thought that the deputation to His Excellency. should have received a better answer. He recommended them to maintain communication with the unemployed in the interior, and cautioned them not to be riotous or disorderly by any means. He observed that they should not expect a fair day's wages for a day's work under the circumstances ; but that all they should ask for ought to be barely sufficient to keep them. Subscriptions having been called for to defray the expenses of printing posters and of the party about to visit the country districts, a sum of apparently about ¡C2 was given. The meeting dispersed in an orderly manner. Throughout the day the men conducted themselves most satisfactorily, and it was a fact noticed by many that not the slightest feature of rowdyism could be detected amongst the vast crowd. A MEETING of the members of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society will be held this day at noon. WE understand that the various relief parties formed by the Government, both near Brisbane, at Helidon, and elsewhere, number about five hundred and twenty men. YESTERDAY evening a paper was read before the Fortitude Valley Young Men's Mutual Im- provement S Society on " Phrenology," by Mr. Charles Allen, who treated the subject in a very masterly style, and made it both interesting and instructive by frequent reference to a fine phrenological bust brought by him for the occasion. The writer gave a concise account of phrenology, and its reduction to a science, and concluded by intimating his intention of resum- ing the subject on that night fortnight. The subject for next Thursday evening's consideration is " sanctification." , GBEENBERO'S Circus was open last night, though not to a large audience. The troupe appear to-night at South Brisbane, and perhaps the fact that there will be few more opportunities of seeing them will obtain them a larger attendance. THE attention of the drapery and boot and shoe trade, general storekeepers, * heads of families, and general dealers is invited to the unreserved sale to be held this day, by Mr. Arthur Martin, at the City Auction Mart. [ADVT.] WE have to direct the attention of the public to the extensive unreserved sale of drapery, clothing, house linens, boots, shoes, and fancy goods, to be held by Arthur Martin (in the insolvent estate of Louis Zarek, by order of Alexander Raff, Esq., Official Assignee), at the City Auction Mart, corner of Queen and Edward streets, this day, at 11 o'clock. [ADVT.] 