In (be evening, a public meeting of the Union was held, in tho Bourke-street Congregational Church. The church was well filled. After devotional exercises, the Chairman (the Rev. John Graham) delivered tho fol lowing ADDRESS, Brethren and Friends, — Iter many years I was accustomed to mingle with tbe great annual gatneringa of tho Congregational Ullioti of Knclond find 'WnlrR. Andon hrarincr thn nddrireann nf tbu gifted brethren rvho acted &b; chairmen, X have oftim felt, if t hat vere the only business that called us together, our expendi ture of time ar.d attention vrould have been amply repaid. 60 broad, so deep, so clear, ao quickening pas the stream of thought poured upon our spirit, we felt it vus indeed good to be there. Cut the very remembrance of those singularly excellent addresses makes me shrink, in presence of the dutt- you have imposed on mr, of delivering to you ihe annual address, as dhairman of tbo Congregational Union of New South Woke. I do not forget, however, that as otw organisation is hut tbc infant offspring of the great parent Union in the Fatherland, our performances must be judged by tbc usual lwilcmcy accorded fo the earnest but im jicrfcct efforts of youth. Our -aims and -principles are the eamo rfi s those of tbe Congregational Union of England and Wales ; but icnufuberE, gifts, and Influence ,wc area humUioiiiiglf email fac . sjmilo of that. You will therefore not judge your chairman by a standard too high ; and remembering that It ie w. u who have placed him in tbe position he has the honour to .bold, you will kindly bear with him while doing his best to poivc'^ou and the Churches of our faith and order,- which God haB jcnahlcd ns to plant in this land. The .genual addresses of our English chairmen usually deal mth some great subject of permanent interest, in its relations io our distinctive principles, wants, or interests as a denomination. XVithout.nny pretence to equal, I may yet in this, with all humi lity, imitate (bolt example. X riiull, this evening, address you on tyntjUuil Hfejti relation to our principles ami Churches. ' Df spiritual ilfe wo mean tho Inmost mid highest life of the human Htirit, at kindled and sustained by the Uolv tinirit of God. Ut us try to getiar souls perrndcd|and fired with the supreme, tho traueandent importance of the poHeeesion, the growth, the diffusion of.splritunl fifc. Its nature, its source, its conditions, its fruits, Sis perpetuity, fill speak of Us momcnlous worth to im mortal man. Bpiiiiual life, ns to its nature, implies tho restoration — and ptoro than the restoration— of the inward peace and boli forfeited and loft by thp irafi'gnseipn of our flint p&rc;&t;*, 1.,t pitlly, wc hove furfuttd the blessedness of Yi',al union vith thr Faihir of Spirits. Spitiu^Uy, wc arc dead In trespasses and feint. The finer - lc ir.ent&ot; our immortal nature arc torpid as reeds in a froscn s --l: are pcwcrltf* ai- withered members. 'I am come,' fold tfcc Trineo of I-ifc, 'that they might have liic, and Hint thty might have it more abundantly. As the Father hath life in himself, even so hath He given power to the Son also to have life in himself. The Son quickenth whom he will.' Connected with the lowest forms of vegetable or ani imal life there are mysteries that science cannot pierce or explain, Much more is this to he expected in relation to the highest and most complex of all forms of life — life spiritual. And yet we can know enough of the elements and operations of spiritual life to affirm its reality and importance. What is spiritual life ? It Is the highest life of the human soul— the operation of its deepest, finest powers on their appropriate objects. It is the human spirit yearning after and resting in the Infinite Father as its supreme satisfaction and repute— as the source and end of nil blessful Being. It is the activity of spiritual thought. This is life tttrnal, that they miplit know Thee, the only true God, and Jo us Christ, whom ibou has sent. The knowledge of God, the opcvmicntul, frjmputheiic, evcr-derpening knowledge of the true Ctd, ar.d of the briphtnesb of his Glory, Jesus Christ, will be one main ol- mint ami joy of ctrmal life in heaven. However fee \c the my of Fpirituul knowledge now, it is the dtiwn of a day that must brighten inte the eternal noon of] knowledge in heaven, i his lipht precedes und accompanies every stage of the new crea tion in the bumun soul- 'God, who commanded th* light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our bt aits, to give the light of the know It dge of the glory 0/ God in the face of Ji mj# Christ.' Put the highest life of the soul implies feeling as well as thinking ; implies spiritual emotion awakened by spiritual thought 1 — (motion thai kindles at.d responds to the FlBi.itiie of co-rtlatcd objects. Love is life, and the highest love i« the highest lilc. ^ e love llim because He first loved us. And wc li.ow that we have passed from death ttnio life because wclovc the brethren. Here is the awaking of affections correspon dent to the relations wc Fustain to God and man. Gratitude to God, desire after God, delighting in God, csmmunion with God, steal for God, adoration of God, trust in God, are some of the exercises of spiritual liie; as is also love to tutn &6 the offspring of God, and delight in saints as the children and image of God. Spiri tual thought and emotion impel to holy obedience — the outward manifestation of spiriluallife. The capability of such lite ennobles our nature ; its possesion lilts man into a spiritual kingdom, and abolishes all distinctions in kind between him ai.d the holy angels or Gud. Burcly, If rarth's m-bkst thing is man, and man's noblest thing is mind, the loUcu thing in mind is this fpiritual life that emanates from and unites he to God, that for ever lifts us above the brute and allies uf to the angel. This is tbc pearl of great price. This is the living water Fpringingup within us to everlasting life. This is the sccri't ofbio'hcrhood with seraphim, of sonsbip with God, and echiirehip with the Heir of all things. ThiB lifts us a whole tx&vcn; above the beasts that perish,— yea, into the heaven of bcimnF, the pure empyreal of eternal life. Our estimate of spiritual life rises as wc look at the means em ployid for it6 bestowment and support— the expenditure of re nature, of his government and himself. AU life U precious com pared w ith dead matter. Its humblest form implies antecedent miracles of creative w isdom and power. Tbe adaptations and prcctsscs of inorganic matter to sustain organic existences imply all the complex forces and laws of nature acting towards the one steady aim of Creative Goodness — the production of life and bap pine fb. Spiritual life implies an expenditure of resource on God's part that taxes our faith to believe and our reason to re concile. Tcink ol tbe iucamulion— think of tbc prophecies and tbc preparations tbat preceded, and the angelic and provjdual signs and wonders that accompanied the birth of the incarnate Word. Take in if you can the ideas of that miracle that makes all others natural and easy of belief — the miracle of Deity invested in human nature to lilt that fallen nature up to God. The Word was mode flesh, and dwrit among us : and we beheld His glory —the glory as of the only-begotten of the Father full of grace nnd truth. Ar.d lbe Word was with God, and the Word was God. Think of the miracles, ministry, agony, death, resurrec tion and ascension of the Son of God and Man. Think of the descent ot the Holy Spirit, tbe forming and gifting, tbc planting and hiEtcry, of the Christian Church, the inspiration of Scripture, and the mediatorial Providence that is making all things work togitbcr for good to them that love God. How wondrous those familiar facts! They arc fo great that we only lake in points and angles of their magnitude— so great that angels desire to look into these things— so great that their deepest sludtnt on cattb exclaimed, ' O the depth of the riches both of the wif-dem and knowledge of God! How unseai chable arc his judgments, and his ways past finding out ! And, without con troversy, great is the mystery of Godliness. God was manifest in tie flesh, justified in the Spirit, seen of angel6, preached unto ihcGtr.tiks, btlieved on in the world, received up into glory.' Ai.d v Lai was the purpose of God in thi? unparalleled outpouring of uiuvcrsol UFOurec ? It is not allowable to say Ail-aufficioncy exhausted itsrif, or our short-sigbtid wonder might exclaim, ' What beyond this can Omniscience devise or Omniscience do 1' Cm aupht in the eternal future surpass the incarnation of the Eon or the ir.krinn andwoikof the Spirit in the nistorr of the redemption of mankind? And what, wc ask, was tbc design of all this exhibition of wondrous acts a:-.el attributes on tbe part of God J Its immediate design was our spivitual life. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Bon that wc might not perish, but have everlasting life. I am come that the y might have life. I give unto them eternal life. In this was manifested tbe love of God toward v.s, because that God sent his cnlv brgotten Bon into the world that we might live through Him. * The Holy Spirit is lbe quickeuer of life. The inspired Word is ihe seed and aliment of spiritual life. : 'J he organisation of lbe Church is the body through which it acts, and the history of the Church the record of ite action. The earth itst'.fis but the temporary cradle and school of spiritual life. Providence is its discipline and protection. Prophets, apostles, piU'tiTsnnd teachers, at e but ministers cf spiritual life ; the priests and I.cvites to tiiin its lamps and feed its altar fires. In it God sees his plcaFure prospering. In it Jesus sees tbe travail of his soul, and is satisfied. To remove legal distinctions to iu be stowu.ei.t his scul was made on offering for sin ; and to crown it with glery he will come again with majesty, suited to the inani festatic n of himself as the resurrection and the life. And if the spirit cf llim that raised up Christ from the dead dwell in you, iiclbal raised up Christ from the dead will also quicken your inoi fa} bodies by His spirit that riwrllctb in you. Tbc spiritual life has here to 'struggle against the law of sin in the inembirs waning against the law ol the mind; or it lm to sustain the bin ddi of ihe infirmities of physical disease und death working in the flitb. Then lh- re wiil be un cxe reise of the life-giving power ol the Eon ol God on tbe bodies of the taints ; a forth-putting of energy that will eve kc a hurst of life and gloiy from the regions ofduAh. Eo that death fhull he swallowed up in the victory of life. The body itself will have lost its crossness, and be so rcfiiu d, and have so many of the qualities ot spirit, that it will he a spiritual body. Then, when spiritual lifo shall glow in glorified myriads re deemed from dcatb, it will he seen that it was divinely worthy of all thnt it cost ; and that it is the crowning proof and illustration of that wisdom that always chooses the right end and 'attains it by the only light means.* But, oh how precious, how moment ously important in the estimate of God is that spiritual life whose prodYclion und development costs him fo much ! Its importance may he judged by its perpetuity. The life spiritual is life ever lasting. Tbc gilt of God is fit rnal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. All the powers of the soul point to immortality ; but im mortality under tbe frown ol' God is undying death. Spiriluallife, howe ver, makes immortality tbc crown and glory of our being, Ged, who e-aimot lie, huth promised to us eternal life in Christ Jems before the world began. The holy.bopcs of the regenerate Foul arc not an ipitisfatuux leading to the swamps of annihilation. They arc a light shining brighter and brighter to tho perfect day, wbeit God is the sun arid night cannot be. The new-born love and joy of those tbat drink into the spirit of Jesus Christ is not a tumult of transient feeling— a storm-swollen torrent to be drunk up by tbe sands. The water tbat I shall give him shall be in him a well of living water springiug up into eve: lasting life. And here there shall be pot only perpetuity but progress. Finality or monotony would unbeaten heaven. Spirit is capable of endless expansion and endless approximation to God in all its powers. If here, while all we with open face behold; as in a glass, the glory of the Lord, wc are changed into the same image froni glory unto glory, even as by the spirit of the Lord ; what shall he the ir.pidity of the os&imiiution; when we shall sec. not in a glass, darkly, but face to face. Let faith take the wings of imagination and follow the progress of eternal life to & distance, at which even faith itself grows dazzled with the gloiy and w earied with the pursuit, and there eternal life is but starting on its career. Boundless tracts of truth invite thought to explore them, and foims of ideal perfection ever beckon to brighter skies. Eveiy fotm of life here has its allotted term, for materials and Fpncefor growth arc limited, and the endless growth of one would exclude all other growths. Not so with spiritual life. The gi chut its vitality and attainments, the more it helps the pro gress of cverv holy bring ; the more is it prepared for progress itself. M'iih nhat ineffable value do thi6 interminable perpetuity and progress stamp tteinaliife! Look up to the towering pine or paou. It Is doomed as surely to decay as is tbe moss or lichen at its root. But tbl6 divine life in the human soul makes it a tree ef righteousness destined to bloom, and forit/ulness that knows no decay. Look up to the strength of tbe cloud-clearing eagle; its life i* doomed to extinction as surely as tbat of the ephemeron fly. But this spit itual life, whether in a Magdalene or a LazaruB, fhall rise on a wing that can never tire, and burn with a flame that can never be come txtiBCt, The diamond ie hut dust, the c&itb; a changing garment, the sun a transient spark, compared to that eternal life that animates the humblest child of God. And this, my brethren, is not the rhupsody of enthusiasm or the dream of a tairy land. It is sober but glorious reality ; and for. far beneath tbe truth. Wo are made partakers of a Divlnr nature— & nature &b; immortal as its Source. Spiritual life is the climax and glory of all life— a gift worthy the iaflnitc love end mourcet of tbe ever-blessed and all-sufficient God. It is the germ of which tbc body is but the husk; a germ, of which all things and dispensations arc hut aids to development. Spiritual life anywhere is precious; but spiritual life educed from death and trained amid earth's sorrows and discipline will be, perhaps, the highest form of life destined to reveal the glory of God and His Christ for ever, Now. brethren, if such be the tr&necndant; excellence and glory of spiritual life, how does it stand related to our principles and would he, How do ouv principles and churches stand in relation to spiritual life ? . Here 1ft raejjuard myself and my subject by reminding you of the fact that, such is the quickening and beneficent power of Christianity that no sect of Christians can make & monopoly of spiritual life, no mere than any oountry on our planet can make a monopoly of the light and heat of tho sun. In all sects and parties, under every conceivable form of church organisation, spiritual life may find embodiment, as the records of church history, and as our own intercourse with Christians of all parties prove. Indeed, the vigour and fulness of divine life in tue soul depend so much on personal faithfulness to the Ugbt and obliga tions of oach individual believer, that it is not always safe to test the trugt and excellence of doctrines or church principles by the character of their professors. By this test many v ho do not judge of principles ny their intrinsic worth or worth IciFr.cfs. think more highly of tho Mahommedanlsm of devout Turk6 than of the Christianity of unfaithful Christians, and place truth and error on equal footings in their regard. Now, white we enter our protest against the narrowness {hat would confine all good to one Feet or system of principles against the blind bigotry that will are no true worth in, or salvation for. those who do not wear its facings and speak its shibboleth— against the unwisdom that would compare ourselves with other Churches, or attempt to gauge tbe amount of spiritual life in any— against the Thari scciftn that would hide our defects or assumo what wo do not possess; while we protest against all assumption and hypocrisy, wc protctt^vith equal emphasis against tho moral laxity and die* - loyally to ffuth that would make all sincere doctrinal beliefs of equal importance or unimportance regardless or the truth, and redut c all principles of discipline and forms of Church order p- a inuticr of (quul indifference. It might do very well for-the .poet of a tmi-inffdcl age, for one whoso grasp of truth was never strorg, end wIiofc Magnus Apollo was Lord Bolingbrokc, for l'opr, whose faith and morals worn both of a very low typo, to soj ' For forms and creeds let senseless bigots fight, 11 Contend earnestly for tho faitli once delivered to the saints, buy thctriulv&ndfioUitnnt.;' Let this bo our motfo ; bat let ft iquclly to ours to speak the truth in love; and to remember that should wc speak with the tongues of men aud angels, and not have charity, wc arc but aa . sounding brass or ft tinkliag cymbal. The right feeling of the heart is surely ns important /is the right thinking of the head ; and to hour kindly with what we dean ihe errors of others, where God suffers long aud is kind to all, is curdy becoming to such fo/lilic creatures as wc. But again, 1 assert the importance of Irulb, especially revealed truth. Its evn y ray is Eternal light. Its every particle is more precious ttowt 'mnjonu. Jceub Christ came futo our world the Witness end Ivir.g rf truth. Ho saw its value and lived to loach it, and witnessed it in good confession before His Soos und on tho Cross. Jt is the tl« mcnt of our snnctification in its highest verities ; and the cuordian of freedom and order even in Us lower forms. We niinirtofi of Christ arc act for ita defence and propagation, whatever is not based on it must fall Ml that Js not of it is Ncod» nay, onu HUbbi? that tho fire must Yfo b%TC said that no meridian or Vfgtob maken a monopoly of tbc fctin ; but that docs not imply tbtot all share bis bcains alike, or that all arc equally ealubrfoub for habitation. AU substances arc pro bably conductors more or less of the electric fluid ; but Bomc arc mere rapid conductors than others. 60, wc believe, that whits spiritual life has been found, and is found, in aU Christian Churches, the doctrinal views, the discipline and order of seme, arc more tiuc to Holy Bcripture than those of others, and, therefore, they arc Ices obstructive and more prcmotivc of spiritual life. Such, wc believe to be the luith and order to wbich the churches of our denom inutir.n hold. If wc did not believe so, why should wc continue a denominational existence, and not merge into some more numerous sect! Wc verily believe our faith and order to be substantially tbosc of the Church n* constituted by Christ and his ApOFth s. Their maintenance cost the Nonconformists of A.n. 1GC2 tbc loss of all things but purity of conscience and tbc fuvour ol God. 'Jbiir m&inti; nance since then Loe cost their adherents fcmciimrs hitter persecution, but always tbe disfavour of the State, tbe frown ol the national Church, the coldness and opposi tion of lis clerpy, ond exclusion from scats of learning and social advantages, thut as men and citizens we naturally prize. Even tbe attitude and name of Disrentcr or Nonconformist arc dis agreeable to kindly nutuves, for they inevitably imply opposition to prevalent beliifs and fotms. I solemnly avow thai, bad my con scit nee towards God and his truth permitted, I should never have entered and would not now continue for an hour in the ranks of nonconformity. It is true wc have had our coinpenwa tioi s in tbe multiplication and strength of our churches, und in seeing our principles, with, various modifications, adopted by other bodies. In this latter wc re joice just as much as if the mmu- of the hodus were changed with their change of spirit and opuutH-ns. Redo believe our principles, if they have justice dene tlx m, eminently adapted for the growth of spiritual life. As to the doctiinal Delict, we bind ourselves lo no traditions, but go direct to the fountains of inspired truth for our creed, tihilewo rejoice fo the treasures of truth in Puritan divines, and in the elder fathers of the Church, wc dare not so cull uny mon master, or any number of men, so as to demand subscription to their writings or creeds as an essential condition ol nunibmhip or ministry. We believe the Word of God a plain and Fuflirimt iule of foith, as surely better and plainer than any unitiFpired mon can propound foT our acceptance. It may boeoid all will tube tribe to, ana y« t hold widely diverse theories. Is not thisjufl as true of human creeds and articles? Do not various purt j- s subscribe the same Prayer-book, and yet show differences 01 foith far wider thsn are to be found among us, who take the Woid of God ulonc as our standard of faith and practice ? It is certainly a remarkable historic testimony to the sufficiency of Ecripture that, while wc injure no man's conscience by reserve, equivocation, or sophistry, in tbc signature of heaps of hetero geneous theology and ritual, wc have less of heresy or schism among us than perhaps any other section of the Universal Church. To interpose any human authority between Christ aud conscience we believe a barrier to one element of spiritual life— freedom ef thought ond conscience. One is our Master, Jesus Christ, and all we arc brethren. Wc do not perpetrate a mockery of free thought by telling a man to search the Bible and adhere lo filiat he finds there, ond yet aet before him a maFS of foregone conclusions at which he must arrive on pain of expulsion from the miuiriry or suppression of truth. Surely, surely it is not conducive cither to spiritual life or national morality lor mtn to sign formulas the opposite of wbich they preach (for different parties precch the opposite of each other's doctrines), and under which they 60 writhe that tbey beg a secular Legislature to alter their formularies or do away with thiir fubFCiiptiun. We thank God that though our liberties have bun puTcfcasvd with a great price, every year shows us they were worth all ihcy cost. Our theology we draw from tbc living foun tains ol inspiration, and wc are free to receive any' additional light ti nt may break upon us from those exhaustlcss sources. Our theology is such as the Howes and Baxters used to feed the aidtrl flLir.es of tbeir lofty devotion. The cross is its centre, and its circumference takes in all the manifestations of God made lo our rate. We preach Jesus Christ crucified as the wisdom of God and the power of God. Hit, blessed life, so divinely human and so humanly divine, His death ond resurrection, His mediation and return in glory, nrc becoming more and move tbe theme and life of our ministers and churches. ' I am come,' lie said, 'that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly*.' And the abv.ndont life flows into the Church more freely in proportion as her mind and heart arc open lo His truth and loye. Thank God, wc are hound to no inert muss of traditional theology or ritual that obokrs up the channels ol tbnt more abundant life. Some may wander irom the noon of redeeming love around the cross into the twilight of a negative theology ; but the sheep do not hear tin ir voice at d forsake the failblrFB shepherd. Some may bold the ttmh in miriphtioUFUOPS ; but their spiritual death is witnessed againFt^by the truth thry hold. Our principle of direct adherence to the Word of Gc d for faitli und practice is one of our most effectual aids lo spiritual life. Our doctrinal principles are identical w ith the leaching of apostles and prophets ; they arc as old a6 the first promise ol Eden and the sacrifice of Abel— the thcolopv cf the Lamb slain from the foundation of the woiid. 2 hcv inspired the souls of martyrs ; thry nerved tbe champions cf spiritual liberty in lliG2. They sailed with the Pilgrim Fathers, and vi ere planted in the churches of a new England destined to Mill prcatirlibcrtk'8 thau the old. They kindled the mighty learning ot an Owen and the ardour of a Howe. They glowed in ihe DiUrtPgF of the angelic Doddridge and in the saintly son^s of I Face Walts. Tin y broke forth in the fiery appeals of Richard Baxter, and occur in the sentences of the silver-tongued William llatis. 2 hree mighty truths wc have learnt from Jesus Christ and his aphstlcs, Jet us hold them with firmness, let us preach th-, m with power, let us live on them us the bread otitic. Lai uphold tl.unin sympathy with the Holy Catholic and Apostotic Church throughout nil the earth, till wc heal' lliem in the strains of the r.cw tong from the lips of tbc Cbuvch triumphant in heaven. And lit uf adhere— though men should untruly call us crcedloss ai.d latiludinariaii— let us adhere to the principle that we bow to the authority of God alone—that wc go direct to the primal springs of inspiration for our theology and discipline. Wo ccn dtinn rot othns for a different course, but wc rejoice iu oar liberty, and believe it eminently conducive to spiritual life. Wc believe the relation of our ministers to our Churches, and to fail) etbir, removes serious hindrance, and affords valuable help to fpiritv.i'l life. As lo entrance to the sacred ministry, we act on tbc belief tbat no man should enter it till judged by his brethren to have gifts and grace for the work. ' These things commit tbou to faithful men who shall be able to teach others also.' With us faithfulness aud ability aic prerequisites to the recognition of any ministry. Willi us apostolic succession is succcsrion of life and miuiMtry in apostolic truth, zeal, devotcdness, and sccccss— the only apostolic succession possible or valuable in any age, for apostles con d have ro sutctFscrs as eye-witnesses of the resurrection of the Lord, or as original founders of the Church of Christ Wc do our best to afford help to gifted young mon in training them for the sacred ministry ; and tbe establishment of Camden College is a t van ding proof in this colony that wc wish our ministers to keep abrcust and ahead of tbe intelligence of our Churches. Wc do not believe that the lan.ys of the sanctuary should be fed v.ith unrefined oil, or thut ipnuunec and fanaticism can minister to the soul's highest life. As to tbe ordination of pastors, we do not believe in the grace of orders, but of order. Our ordination is the outward expression of an iuw ai d call ; the recognition of gifts and graces already cob feircd bv the Heed of the Church; the decent and orderly and devout designation of a brother minister to work for Christ in the department of the vinevard to which he has been called. This, we believe, is intelligible and scriptural ordination ; but for any man to t&ltc; upon himself to say to his brother man, 'Iftccive ihe Holy Ghost for the office and work of ji priest in of cur hands. Whose sins thou dost forgive they arc forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they arc retained.' (Ordering of rricsts, Book of Common Prayer.) To use such language ie to arrogate the place of the Lord' of the Church; is to use such language and put forth such claims as apostles are not recorded ever to have done. Tbc supposed conferring of 6uch gifts by imposition of prclatic hands is part of the same ecclesiastical magic by which infants arc represented as regenerated by baptism,' the Bick absolved by priestly absolution, or the d( parting spirit sent to heaven by the anointing of the body with oil. The whole of this pseudo-mysterious system is a thick veil between the sinner and the Eaviour, and a fearful obstruction to true spiritual life. Wc find not q trace of it in tbc oracles of God. It ie all the fond and false tradition of mm, wherever it lingera or however defended. The New Testament knows only of One true priest, of whom Jewish priests were hut shadows and types. It does teach us to consider Jcfus Christ the uposilc and high priest of our profession ; but it knows no human priest except the whole body of the f&ithful; to whom it says—' Yc arc a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a Eeculiar people, that yc should show forth tbc praiscsof Him who ath called you out of darkness into marvellous tight,' 1 Peter, ii., 0. Wc for ever discard this figment of priesthood and all its fictitious consecrations and acts. And wc profoundly lament that the Anglican Church has left so much unpurgcu superstition and falsehood in its formularies and services. We dare not sub scribe them lor the favour of a court or the benefices of a realm. Wc interpose no consecrated person or ritual between the soul and its Eavionr and God. To do so would be to choke the wells of salvation with the rubbish of tradition, and lead men to suppose tbey may be Christians otherwise than by being like Jesus Christ. Wc bow'to mystery w hen stamped by Divine authentication ; but we arc not willing to be the dupes of spiritual mysticism, much Icfs of unscriptural figments, whereby a man or a class of men may gain or perpetuate dominion over the fears and consciences of men. The apostles of Jesus Christ sought to educate believers to self-government and manly intelligence iu Divine things ; and it is wonderful and beautiful to see bow little they ruled by office or authority. When deacons were to be chosen, they Baid to tbe people ' took yc out seven men whom we may appoint.' When a matter of ritual in regard to meats end circumcision was to be settled (Acts xv.}, they did not do so in & clerical conclave without the people. ' And when th(.y were come to Jerusalem, tbey were received of tho Church ana of the apostles and elders, ana they declared all things that God had done with them. And it pleased the apostles, and ciders, and the whole Church to send chosen men ef their com pany to Antiocb with Barnabas and Saul. And they wrote letters by them after this manner, The apostles and elders and brethren send greeting,' &c.; Even when an immoral member was to be expelled at Corinth, it wbb urged on the Church to do it; and when it was effected, we arc informed it was done by the majority. See I Cor , v. 7, 9 ; 2 Cor. ii. 0. ^ 1 In fact, they did not treat the Church as unreasoning Bhccp, to be driven or fleeced by tbeir shepherds at their will; nor did they wish to keep them spiritual children, for whom ministers were to think end act In sacred things. They sought to train men up to the stature of intelligent active manhood. The spiritual lifo they sought to foster was not one of stiff stately order, or of blind amotion; but one of clear thought and vigorous action, as well as holy love to God nnd man. They said, 41 Wc ore not lords over God'9 heritage— wo have not dominion over your faith, but helpers of your joy.' We humbly wieh by scriptural teaching, by holy example, by leading believers to exercise judgment and influence in spiri tual things, to follow the example of the only safe guides— the first inspired pastors of the Church. Their blcsBcd Master had rebuked their ambition for prelacy and lordship in his kingdom ; and they felt and remembered bis rebuke '.—m Ye know that the princes of tho Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that arc great exercise authority over them. But it shall not be so among yon.' Tho titled ranks of hierarchy ond Its authority ere imitations of carnal power; but not of tho Kingdom of Jesus Christ. And wcro the members of that kingdom educated to Christian man hood, they would not tolerate such pretensions for a day. Peter wrote to elders as himself an elder, 1 Peter ▼. 1—9 ; but that was when the dreams of prclatic status and power had been tc&Uexcd; by pentcco&t;&l; light. We heartily believe in Scriptural episcopacy. Paul from Miletus sent to-Nphesus, and culled the elders of th$ Chnrcli. Actsxx. 17. And In the course of his address said, verse 28, 'Take heed therefore unto yourselves and lo all the flock over which the Holy Ghost had made you bishops.' For such is the original which our prclatic translators rendered by the ^quitmlent but 'equivocal word overseers.' Elders or bishops and deacons were the only pormanont orders of ministry kr.own in the early Church. Bt Paul wrote. Phil. i. 1. ?? Paul and Timolhens, tbc vcrvante bf Jesus Christ, to all the sahfls in Christ Jcsur, which arc at FbHippJ, With the bishops nnd deacons.1' The episcopate of rllordnincd pastors if orderly and scriptural, has Its foundations, the ncoessities of the Church and its edifica tion ; hut lordly prelacy and arch- prclaey ore as disastrous In their fiuits us unscriptural In their nomenclature aud office. Y/s know how to honour gilts when combined with tho simplicity of truo Fluidity and greatness ; but we dare not acknowledge claims wluch God hnB not sanctioned, and which tend to ovcrsbudow ond dwarf the manhood uf tho Church. Indeed, In exact propor tion as Christians grow intelligent and look at things as they really arc, stript of show and makc*bcticve, in tho same propor tion they ctuee to revere folso claims, and thoso claims sink ^hushed or abate their pretensions. Even tbc Pope ccat»oe to be tb«* demigod ho onco was in European filatoE; and Anglican prelates, despite the worldly telat attached to them, have to rely /brrnlrituflJ influcnoc on something else than ecclesiastical lordtbip.' This, we think, is not bo symptomatic of unbelief as «f tho jrropth of laic intelligence and the unmasking of false prcurfcc* Congregational pastors are beloved by tbeir people for ibeir work sake, When they minister to ?piriiual life they ftHl not to reap tho trilling offerings of a freo cr.d prctri'ul people. Ai.d if uny nrc fo weak ns to pine fo? pitMly pcw-], wo pily the wcukuns, but r.Joice thai its cla.ms ure c.isollovi-d, -\inlc wc nic the ministers or God to the Fpiiilual life of His people, wc nS limd, iuppttrtcd, ur.d u-vt rcd— if we become RopUs* branches or ir.Fjpid fait, the diciccoftbe Highest is ihut we be cabtOtttan(i tre.tidi ii under thr fn t of ncgl- ct. It is ripht it should be 10 T 1 red nut pursue this line «f thought, and rivmonmratc to jou'the udoj inlUii of our principles to afford teupe for the highest eniri luol liie. Ju't in proportion ns olhor Churches become marc and more alive they Fpontnnre.u?ly utiopi the voluntary nrin tiplr ol nipport nnd give up state-aid they open nioreandioote the dcors uj popular influence nnd action. UuiiRregitioiw calL thiir pnrtorF m.rt support tlum, and the bodv of believers acts thiough its numbers, nnd cxcrciFcs discipline, ami ministers to iisown spiritual life. Now li t these principles und aspirations oJ CtiigngLtfonutifm advance, and wc shall tvjjicc even 'houcS nun ignore those who taught them, and be content though the uord Ccrtpirpiitionalbm give plnce to another name, while tft thinff ilrell flourishes ond spreads. Wc believe our principles to afford the ft erst channels of spiritual life. Wc tielieveour Cburch oipuniFution capable of adaptation to the intmscbt action and FXJgci (i(6 of taut life. It puts fewest fetters on freedom It is tn ilartiiMlttsB, hut not u jacket of steel. Wcileny noULb pood in the fv&tem; of our bre thren, but ns to freedom of order for ihe action ol luphist life, we 'jit show unto thi»j a more excel lent war.' And though tlicy mny not nrtopt it as shown by we fIkiJI prizcit oui relvts nnd rejoice to see them find it, even lifter ihe ninny inquiries and mistakes wc tried iu vain to save Hum. Next, forn moment, inquire bow stand we nnd our churches ;n relation iotLie ltiplur iile? II we look at our Denominational S regress under the shadow of the difficulties with which wc have sd'to contind, wcl are room to ihuiik Gtd and take couracc Ifwc coneidcrthc vehement currents of secular influence that tend t-» qui nch spiritual life in prolvssors uf religion io these eofozriis; if wc compare our own with otb*r Churches here or in Great Britain, wc might pubaps have gomcvoom for self-gratula- liun. Ir.dixd our pcoplr generally have toetiugglc eq incessantly to sciuic hrtod mid position; hnvc so little ot the religious leisure ond contented competence and quiet liubits of British Christian*' so little of the British atmosphere of thought and piety: thnL though much lower than the standard of religious life m our older English ChuicheB, they might huvc much to mitigate their faults. Ibis, no doubt, ia true. But, if wc would really benefit our Churchisniid ourpclvoF, wemust tukc an impartial 6urvcv of tbc ir defects, ond our own, not by comparison with other Churches, but in ihe light of our obligations, privileges, anddo ftctsa6in the sight otGod. Compare our lives with the orlr true Ftandurd— the life of tbc Holy Jesus, or even with thelives of His early ond truest followers, and how far dou* fall short' Con. pure our shallow nttainnunts, our feeble efforts, ourdnke warm love and zeal with what we owe lo iGod nnd with what the Pentecostal Church rcndircd to Him in service, and how far do wc fall short* How? feeble is tbe pulse of spiritual life that languidly bents, or hardly beats at oil, in Bicrct pruycr or the prayer meeting ! flow dull our appetite for the bread of life, how cold our zeal, how earthly our thoughts, compared with the spiritual fire, the heavenly mind, the glowing earnestness of n Paul, a Baxter, or a Doddridge ? And y rt we « wc as much to tbe Redeemer for per sonal salvation as they did. Oh, my brethren in the holymmUtry how few and feeble are our scent intercessions with God for the new birth of souls under our preaching.' Howfow ©urteareia pleading with God for men, or with men for God! How little we walk with God, how little wc dwell in the secret place of the Most Iliph ! Wc pray and preach, and visit and teach, but how little of the heavenly tire glows through our minietrationa. We lock, alas! the heart of lire, tho tongue of fire, the pen of fire. We prrnch the cross, but how little our heavi sympathises with its sublime self-sacrifice ! Wc preach the law of love, but how little it breathes in gentleness, long-suffering, and meekness in ourselves! Wc speak of divine discipline, but bow dim is our spit itunl wireloui, how little exercised our heart in the deep thing? of God! WcFpcnkol heaven, but how little do we realise the nearness and glory of that world ! How feeble the powers of tbe world to come on our own tuuis ! And if this be so with us, whose life should be given to ihe W01 d of God and prayer, what may wc expect it to he with oar 1 people whose time is ufccI up, and whose hearts are often parched J up by the sccularitieR of life ! llow often is their place vacant in the s'anctuory ; and alas 1 when their bodies arc present how often is their heart absent from the exercises of devotion ! How inly kept 01c sabbaths — how much neglected is family prayer— how cold and cureory clopet devotion! How fervid the pursuit of Mammon— bow dull the pursuit of the things of God! How worldly is family life— how lax end often reckless business life— j how low in type and tone arc Christian experience and character 1 Surely this parched garden of God needs the genial breath of a I Fpil itunl spring to awake its fragraucc and bloom. Surely these dry bonis r.ccd to be breathed on by the spirit of God that they j may live ami stand up a living army to fight and witness and wi rk for God. Oh Lord revive thy work in tbe midst of the years in our hearts and iu our ehurclirs 1 Brethren, lit our Congregational Union he not only a Union in nunc and a fruitlefs gathering. Let it be a Union* of church delegates ond pastors to seek anil promote a deeper spiritual life. AVc need it Jor ourselves, for tube spiritually minded is lifeacd peace. Wo need it for our families, for eomc of our dearest ones are gvowinp up to swell \hc ranks of the world aud sin asd uut those of Christ and holiness. Wc need it for our Churches, that 1 they way be the light of the world and the salt of j the earth. Only by spiritual life can they live I and grow, for the* world will care nothing for j the bc?t abstract principles, if not embodied in earnoEtholy prac- j ticc. Wc ucid a deeper spiritual life to mould this riting C'im- j n- unity for God, and lay deep iu its foundations those christian j principles Hint are the only elements of healthy, national life and I progress. Wc rreed a deeper, stronger, spiriluallife, that we may j Icel' the claims of Christ to fend the Gospel to our destitute I fcllow-suhjicts iu the interior and to our perishing fellow-men in I the islands of tbc Southern was. Let but thai life flow down I into our seals us it did nt Pmtecost, and it will work similar 1 ?transformations. How it lit up the truth of God, that before w« j dark to the Apostles, till the forgotten words and acts of Jesus 1 glowed as in characters of living fire! How it nerved them to j w ield the sword of the Spirit, so that those who before were as j invalids in hospital, now fotightas champions with swords bathed 1 in heavi 11. The move abundant life touglit outlet iu labours j nuic abundant. It rejoiced in bearing stripes beyond measure, ] ond panted for the subjugation of the world to Chrrtt, and for j flight to His presence and glory, through even the flames of mar- I lyrdexn. Wc have the same Saviour, tbe same promi'es, tbe I tame Holy Fpiiit, the same throne of grace. Oh th.it we bad tbe I (flme otincbs and importunity in prayer! Wc need no newly- 1 iiiventid conductor at' the div.nc power; tue truth of GiJ 1 cun he its line from Christ to us. It is said, were 1 all the coal minis cf Britain exhausted in eoo? I two hundred years, as ib guessed tbey may be, yet there is a fl river that at one plunge down the foils of Niagara develops e 1 power iqual to woik the machinery of both hemispheres of onr 1 globe. My brethren, there is a river ci life tiutiu the sacrifice of I Jifus Christ develops a moral power equal to set in motional! 9 the powers, and lo set in a glow of holy Jove nil tho hearts ic the I Church of God. The Cross of Jesus Christ is a lens so mighty I that it can concentrate all the perfections of God in one burning I focus, that Fhnll consume all the jungle of human corruption ani I , aU the apparatus and anus of Satan. But our hearts must coal I under itF I'ocii6 crc th-y can be kindled themselves and kindle J othere in turn; and under that focus they only cuu comeinpcai- I tcnce and prayer and faith. Let us know that 6piritual efforts I emanating from spiritual life can never be lost. No force ever in I i existence is truly lost. The sunbeams that stimulated the growth I of pmdaraito forests eomc out now in the transmuted forces ef 1 -Jw» irirt ctnntti finrl 'fhf- nnrrwirrlr.rf InhflltrK rtf Mr!*1 I tiacs rvbo laboured much in the Ijoi'd built up the moral force* I that arc acting still The catacombs arc mere jjorrcrfal for gari I in tbc nineteenth century than arc the record, of heathen IUme. I The foot-tcps of Enoch, as he walked with Cod, arc echoing still, I nnd have left imperishable footprints on tbe sspds oi I antediluvian time. Tho songs of David's spiritual life edit 1 kindle ours. Ike secret prayers of departed aaints are stiil I whispers of the spirit world floating in the air and drawing 113 to I God. Ok, let us die to this dying world, but live to the living 1 God, Let ue rejoice that we are culled into fellowship with Him I who is the resurrection and the life, and who'makes us channels I and ministers of life. We maybe the means of calling dead sonic 9 to life, and guiding that life to its noblest ends. The peintff I gains feme by imitation of life ; let ue eeck immortality by minis- I tering 10 a lire that can never die. If our principles ore hue let I lis announce ond defend them, and let ns show thaUhey sir I adapted to promote the growth of individual and collective spin- I trial life. 'We may be nntnic to tlieni, and our practice bring I the ni into disrepute ; but, then, aEsurtdly God will raise up those I who will do honour to his truth. I The rev. gentleman was repeafsJly cheered dnriag tte I delivery of the above address, and resumed his seat amidst I loud applause. ... I On the motion of the Rev. S. C. Kent, seconded or the I Rev. T. Johnson, a vote of thanks was given to the Rev. I John Graham for the admirable address he had delivered, I coupled with a request that he should place it in the hands I of the committee for publication. I The following iB taken from the report of the committee, ? which was adopted by the meeting, on the motion of the I Rev. Mr. Charters, seconded by Rev. S. Humphries^:— Ihe I committee has opened np correspondence with the Congre- I gational Unionsof Victoria, Sonth Australia, and Tasmania, I and has received from those bodies congratulations ea the I fact that a Congregational Union has been formed in New I Sonth Wales, and expression of sympathy and gosdrai. | In South Australia ond Tasmania the Home Mission and I Union of each of these colonios have respectively teen- ? amalgamated ; in Victoria they were so from the 00m- ? menccment of the Union. The Victorian Union writes tnst ? this U nion may bo represented at an intercolonial confer cek ? of Congregstioneliste lo bo held in Melbourne during the I present month, opportunity for BUch a conference being ? afforded by the Intercolonial Exhibition to be opened lgs. ? few days. w. sialjer will probaWybefksmfc I through Melbourne on his return mom Adelaide about the I time at which the Conference will be held, and_ has be® I requested by the committee to be present, if possible, at the- I Conference in order to represent the Union. With a vnw ? to collect the statistics of the denomination, a »ip ™ ? printed and forwarded to oach of the Churobee m tna | colony; all of them have been returned duly nuea ? up, and a statistical tablo has been prepared, moo ? which it appears that in Sydney and the suburbs tnm are ? II churches, with 1148 members, and an atten jncs 01 a 8969 ; in tho country there arc 7 churches, wilh 3QS mem* a bers, and an attendance of 920; making in all, 18 cnuraraj a with 1453 membera and an attendance of 4889. Also, tnat a in connection with the churches, there are in Sydney ana a suburbs, 15 Sunday schools, with 2461 scholars ana lit B teachers ; and in the country, 10 Sunday- sAoote. w'» '* I scholars, and 100 teachere; making in all ,31 v a schools, wilh 3196 scholars, and 377 teachere. Aportionm a the new cemetery at Haslem'a Creek, comprisiag fcur 'c™°j ? has been assigned te the Congregational deiominatioa,i3 a ' MeBtrs, B. Thompson, J. H. Fairfax, F. 8. Jones, H. R* a Richardson, J. Row, and J. Mullens, have boen gazettKl ? trustees. The committee have arranged with tbo com out B of the Congregational Home Missionary Surety for no a BouthWalesthattheanniversary meetingof that mdstf® I be held in connection with the meetings of the Union. 1 a report concluded with a fervent prayor that the biessng a God would rest upon the present series of nioelinge, a that increasing benoflt might in time to ootne result B The meeting was oon eluded by singing tho Doxologysnl I the offering up of prayer^ ? - 1 'The Eexson at ClKCOAU^Our correspondent ' 1 Since tbe present month came In the weather here nasosw ? quite winterly. We have had utsut forty houre I heavy rain, with aotne hours of enow, und ocoasional ( ? B At the present time tho tops of the hUIs aro ooverel a enow. The severity of tbe season bite killed many tuo a of young lambs ; ae many as 170 have died cat of /9 I 600\. Tbe crops and grass are growing at a rapw 1 «s a which will mote up for the losses euataiued in the Iibo B ? It is eeveral years slnoe our district looked so well us a# a at the present momont, , n-.iMti I Tnn Condemned Chtminals.— The Acfcn C-mw» I 28th Eeptouiber states that the warrants far the I of Snrgess, Kelly, and Levy, aenteneed to dwth wr a Maungatapu murders, were eignsd iu three I Tuesday, Mid tbe law will tsko Se teurse wilhihoseW* | oonvicta. The day of execution is not vet fixed, a it ? ia not known. The Governor has boen pleased to « ' ? the capital sentonoe passed on Sullivan to one of P6'' ? Titnde for life, I 