TEE 1MWS OF THE HA T. The elections for the Upper Honsa-ore beginning to-excito some attention. It is now generally un derstood that Mr I»olfe will^oppose J»5r?Straclian for the South- Western Province. MrDryedale is spoken of as an opponent of Mr Anderson, foriihe JSastern ; MrM'Combie will center the field against Mr Tay lor, for the Southern ; and in all probability Mr If. JlUougall will enter the field against Mir S. G. Henty, for the Westsrri. Annnrdint? to Mr M'Bain. the onlv thins be ever triot was increased- police protection-; , and, nntil recently, he has expressed great anno^ancQ that his reaiiest has not been- complied with. It is under stood, however, that he is now perfectly satisfied with the efficiency oi the force in that portion, of tha colony. In faot, he has had personal proof of tha fact. On Ilia late visit to his constituents, the police wero most attentive to him. On alighting from .tho* coach at Fleasant Creek, we £26 informed that one of tho- gentlemen iu bine, golitely tapped him on _ the shonlder, with the intimation that he was wanted.. ' For what?' as'jed the asto nished member for tho Wimmera. ' Qli, yoa know all about it,' rejoin^ the imperturbable constable. ' We've been looking cut for yon ; yoa-Jpst answer the description of S-parkcs, of the P. and Q.' Ia vain did the hon. member protest he was no such spark as that, the constable was nst- inaiined to forego bis priza ; and it was not nntil the indignant M.L.A. had displaced enough papers ta.satiafy even the dull brain of a policeman that he was not flying from tbo bands ofijustice, but (hat, csa^tha contrary, he was about to enlighten his constituents on the mysteries of the sariff, that ho was* permitted to proceed. The business transacted in the term court, yes terday, was quite-devoid of interest. Sn Hardwicka v. Honty, a special case from the petty sessions court of Coleraiue, a conviotion for trospass by tha defendant's she op, was overruled. Ji Murphy v. Michel, a new t;-ial was allowed onpa,jmentof costs. Iu re Tbos. Clarke, ex parte Beith, a rule nisi to oast a councillor of tho borough of Brunswick from office, was discharged. Fires are becoming rather prevalent of Into, Three were reported yesterday, two of which occurred ia Coventry-street, Emerald-hill. 55he first of thoso took placo early in tho morning, when a tenement in the occupation of Mr Steadman, was only saved from destruction by tho timoly oaeytiens of tbo in mates. The- second fire broke oat in Mr Simpson'a boot shop at about seven iu, the evening j and. although the local fire beli was rung, and somo stir created among the inhabitants,, it waa got under by tho proprietor ot the bouso and one or two caighbors, without anw serious injury being done. The third fire occurred iy§ in St. Kilda, at about five o'clock in the afternoon. Viewed from the city, it appeared a very large one, and a number of persons assembled at the corner of Queen-street and Collins-street, speculating on the probable locality. It proved to be an eight-roomed wooden dwelling-house in Octavia-street, occupied by Mr John Galvin. The Melbourne and local fire brigades were promptly upon the spot, but the house and furniture were totally destroyed before the fire could be extinguished ; it was, however, happily prevented from proceeding further by the vigorous efforts of the firemen. We understand that the building and furniture were insured. The council of the Acclimatisation- Society met f yesterday ; present, Dr. Black, Dr. Mueller, | Professor M'Goy, Compto de Costelnau, Itev. W. 1 Fellows, Messrs S. H. Bindon, A. It. C. SelwyD, j F. S. Dobson, H. Box and J. Steavenson. A good [ deal of correspondence of an interesting character | was read, and a considerable amount of time waa j consumed in affairs relating to the internal manage- j ment of tho society. At Dr. Black's suggestion, the. [ secretary was directed to write to tbe salmon com- f missionsra in Tasmania, and request that some [ trout ova might be sent over at the earliest possible 1 date ; and it was also decided to try to bring over live | trout for the purpose of stocking the rivers cf this | colony. A conversation took place aa to tho amount of space which will be required by tho society at. tho approaohing Intercolonial Exhibition, and it was ! unanimously determined that the interests of tho [ society should bo well represented thero. Mr Bin- I don suggested an alteration in the close -season for quail, and promised to bring his views more promi nently before tha coanoil in a short: time. A short discussion took place, and from the 10th of October to the 31st D8ceBjber, waa ui&uiioned; as a fok clota ~ ! season for these birds. We liave been requested to mention that the society's gardens at the Royal park will be closed this day (Wednesday),- from ' ton o'clock to four, A3 the men will be engaged in catching deer, and it ia necessary to keep the i .grounds as quiet as possible. The Government Astronomer, in his moteerlogi- I oal report, gives tho following particulars: The I barometer is reduced to 32° F ahr. ; the rainfall is registered at nine p.m., and the .amounts given represent the quantities for the previous twenty- . four hours. Pressure of air: mas,, 30.664 inches, i od the 11th ; min., 29.572 inches, on the 7th ; range i during the month, 1.092 inches. Highest tempera- I ture in the Bhade, 64.4, on tho 16th ; lowest, 28.0, i on the 11th; highest solar radiation, 87.2, on the l 15th ; lowest terrestrial do, 25.4, on the 11th. i Weather at the beginning of the month, dull, and at times Equally ; towards the middle, very fine, clear - and cold ; after that, generally mild. Rain on 3rd, 1 6th, 8th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 23rd, 24th, 25th and ' 26th; copious dew on tho nights of tho 1st, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 16th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd I and 23rd ; ice on the nights of the 10th, 11th and ? 12th ; hoar frost on the 19th and 22nd ; squally on the 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 16th, 26th and 27th ; lunar ; halo on the 27th. Wo have received the first number of tho Western Press, a local journal, published at Camperdown. Making allowance for a first issue, the Press puts in a favorable appearance. 1 A meeting of the Metropolitan and General Building Society was held, on Monday ovening, at the offices, Collins-street east, at which the follow ing office- bearers were elected : — President, Mr H. Teinploton ; treasurer, Mr J . Sayce ; auditors, Dr. Lloyd and Mr W. Knight. The committee (of ten) will be elected at the annual mseting to be hold on 1 the 16th inst. The following nominations for mem- 1 bers of committee wore made at the same time : — ] Messrs W. Radcliff, A. Snowdon, W. Coates, J. Bamber, T. J. Connor, W. Eckersall, N. M. Beck ford, N. Kinsman, W. Poole, T. Vasev, H. Haytor, ' G. Clapperton, and J. H. Wymond. 1 Bowling, on the green adjoining Chopol-street station, was carried on, yesterday, with great spirit. About twenty members wero told off for the practice ' of quoits preparatory to the champion drawing, which is announced to take plaoe, on Saturday, and 1 is open to all members of the club. ' The third of the course of lectures at present ] being given in aid of the building fund of the Sand- | ridge Presbyterian Churoh was delivered, on ? Tuesday evening, Cr. Morloy presiding. An 1 apology having been made for tho Rov. Mr Clark, ' who was to havo been tho lecturer on the occasion, 1 bat was unavoidably absent, the chairman called ' upon the Rov. Mrlnglis, pastor of the congregation, 1 who had kindly agreed to supply tho vacancy, and 1 who then delivered his leoture on ' Burns and his Poetry,' which has already been frequently and 1 favorably noticed by the press, and which seems to grow in favor with its re-delivery, for Mr Inglis was ' listoned to with attention and frequently applauded ; 1 and an enthusiastic vote of thanks was awarded 1 at the close. There were over two hundred present. j At the East Collingwaod police court, yesterday, James Davey, baker, residing in Queensberry-stroet, 1 North-Melbonrne, was fiuod 3s, with 7s 61 costs, for having false weights in his possession. David M'Lellan, miner, Steiglitz, was summoned by Mary Mayan for maintenance of his illegitimate child. The bench ordered tho defendant to pay 7a 61 per week into oourt. L. Cooke, the borough inspector, appeared to oppose an application by Mr Shaw, official assignee for tho estate of W. H. James, for a transfer of the license of the Quarryman's Arms Hotel, Johnaton- strCet, to Sarah Reynolds. The objection raised was that Mrs Reynolds was well known to bo a woman of ill-fame. Sergeant Summerhayes and constable Ryan gave evidence in support n' objection, and tho magistrates re fused the application. Messrs Thomas and Tem pleton were on the bench. The . following is the opinion given by Mr M'Kean in the matter of Mr Knipe's right to his seat in tho Prahran borough council : — ' Hav ing given the matter such consideration as the limited time at my disposal would permit, I havo arrived at a conclusion different from that of Mr Fellows. That gentleman says, in the first clauso of his opinion : ' I am of opinion that Mr Knipe was uncertificated. The first insolvency bound all his property, so that there was nothing for either of the subsequent sequestrations to operate upon. Those sequestrations are more nullities, and do not affect the title of tho assignees under the first sequestration to all property acquired before the certificate of May last. (MartinZv. O'Hara, 2 Cowp., 823-J' I havo always been of opinion that an uncertificated insolvent has a right to acquire property and hold it against all tho world except his assignoe ; and if he does not interfere, the insolvent is absolute owner of such property. The insolvent, although uncertificated, may have the estate so acquired by him sequestrated by a fresh order and vestod in a second assignee, and the first assignee is thereby debarred from touching it, and so on, tolies quo lies. In tho case of Alarlin v. O'Uara cited by Mr Fellows in support of his opinion, Lord Mansfield assigns as one reason far refusing to dis charge the defendant out of custody, that the latter commission was tainted with fraud on the part of the bankrupt. In several subsequent cases the oiurts have held that an uncertificated banferuptmay acquire property, and be again subject to having such estate sequestrated, thereby overruling the case of Martin -. O'Hira. There uro numerous decisions of a like effect on this point. In Fyson v. Chambers, 9 M. and W., 460 ; Herbert v. iSayer, 5 Q. B., .965 ; Butler v. Hobson, 4 Bing, (N. C.) 290 ; and ex parte Butler, 2 Mont. D., and De G., 731, the court substantially so docided. The cases npon this point aro all colleoted and considerod iu Benjamin v. Belcher, 11 A. and E., 350 ; and the opinion of the court is to tho effect that an uncer fijated bankrupt has aright to aoquire property and hold it against all the world except his assignee, and if he does not interfere, the insolvent is abso lute owner, and tho estate so acquired can be sequestrated at any time upon a fresh act of insol vency. In the early part of 1864, a case wa3 tried in the Court of Common- Pleas, in whioh a similar decision was given. I am, therefore, of opinion that, having duly obtained your certificate under the second and also under the third sequestration, you cannot, -without a forced construction, be held to be an ' uncertificated insolvent ' within the 33rd Beo* tion of the Municipal Corporations Act, 1863.' Some amusement was created at tho city police court, yesterday, in a case in which* a man named William Toms was charged with stealing a gold chain and other valuables, belonging to Charles Dyte, of Ballaarat. Acoording to what was stated, it appeared that Dyto's wife had, for some time past, showed a preference for tho company of Toms. Her conduct, of course, caused her husband considerable uneasiness, and a short time ago he discovered that she had actually left home and lun away with his rival. It was also Btated that Dyte had laid this charge against Toms, solely to pro vent him taking his wife to New Zaaland. Dyte was not present, yosterday, and the polioe consequently obtainod a postpone ment of the case till to-day. Toms suggested to the bench that he was being hardly dealt with, and asked that he might be liberated. The chairman, however, pointed out that he had committed a very grave offence, in eloping with nnother man's wife, whereupon Toms replied, ' Your Wsrship, how -pould I help it ? she would go.' The second of a course of six lectures in aid of the ftrod for bnilding St. Jude's Church, Carlton, waa delivered in the temporary churoh, yesterday evening, by the Rev. D. Seddon, la. A., upon the 'Life and Labors of John Wesley.' The chair was taken by the Rev. Mr Perry, incumbent of the church. Tha audicnod included some munjuets oi dissenting congregations in the neighborhood, i who wished to hear what an Anglican clergyman would say about the great founder of Methodism, i Mr Sedden first gavo a skelcli of the rise and pro gress of the conviction in Wesley's mind that a ? revival of religion was necessary, and that the general teaching and practice of th e Church in bis 1 time was not iu accordance with Scriptnre. He ? then detailed some of the obstacles which led Wesley to sever his connection with the Established Church, and described with many inter esting particulars, his subsequent itinerant preaoh iDgs in the company of Whitfield. Although he 1 thought that Wesley should not have left the Church i af England, but should rather have endeavored to reform it, this did not in any way detract from his 1 estimation of the labors performed by him, which were perhaps unequalled since the days of the A,postles. All classes amoDg the rev. gentleman's 1 hearers seemed to be gratified with the manner in tvbich he had treated his subject, but the audience was not so largo as it should have been. A voto of thanks to tha lecturer was carried, on the. motion of Mr Rutherford, seconded by Mr John Thompson. The little congregation of St. Jude's are struggling tiard to raise funds for the erection of a church, 6uch as the Episcoplians ought to have in Carlton, where almost nil other denominations havo hand Bome and commodious places of worship ; nnd it is to be hoped that tho church members of Fitzroy and Hotham will lend a more liberal support to tho remaining lectures of the course. Tho next lecture will be delivered on Tuesday next, by-Robt. -L. J. Ellery, Esq , Government astronomer, npon the subject of ' Sun and Sunlight,' illustrated by dia grams. The commissioners appointed to hear applications for 20-acre allotments in tho Daylesford district sat on Monday, at tho court house. From the Ex press we learn that altogether about 90 applications were disposed of, th9 sitting linting tiil four p.m. With a few exceptions, the entire number of allot ments asked for were granted. In one case, the applicant, Mr George Stewart Hepburn, acknow ledged to owning 1000 acres freehold, and his modest request for 20 acres more was refused iu favor of a landless cultivator. In another instance ' dummyism ' had boen resorted to by a speculator named Wallaoe, tho person who represented him uot even knowing the circumstances of his em ployer. Several of the allotments were grantod on sondition that the written consent of miners work ing the ground should bo obtained — a fact whioh intending applicants seeking auriferous soil should bear iu miud. Mo3t of the applicauts were mar ried and evidently men who wore likely to cultivate their allotments. A man named Doyle cau3od some amusement by his rather impertinent remark, when isked by tho secretary of the Mining department svhether he hold any land — 'No! cot enough to make you or ma a grave, mate.' During the sitting of the genoral sessions yester day, the Crown Prosecutor draw attention to the inconvenienca resulting from police officers and detectives being summoned to attend the criminal sessions and the police court at the same time, and he remarked, too, that the inierior courts always seemed to have the preference in the attendance of members of the police force. The learned gentle man expressed a hope that such arrangements would bo made as would prevent the business of the superior courts being kept waiting upon such occasions. At the genoral session?, yesterday, George Davis, convictod of forging and uttering two chequos of the value of £25 and £35, received a sentence of imprisonment with hard labor, for two years and n half. Ellen Ryan, for stealing £25 in gold from the person of an intoxicated digger, received eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labor. Catherine Graham and Mary Clarke, who pleaded guilty to an extensive robbery at Messrs Alston and x-ru»u'B, imnriaonment with hard labor for two years. Joseph Cousins, laud lord of the Raciag Club Hotel, Little Bourke-streot, was acquitted on the charge of receiving stolen harness, but was released npon his bail to appear before the court, this day, npon the charge of re ceiving a stolen saddle and bridle. It is expected, also, that the prisoners Joseph Soden and Chauucey Presley, who aro charged with a frosh forgery, as well as Joseph Spance, committed upon the same charge, will be brought up to-day. From an advertisement in another column we observe that the friends of Dr. Beaney havo resolved npon opening a subscription for the purpose of do fraying the expenses which he has incurred in his defence at the recent trials. Tho gold smelting nuisance appears to have reached Ballaarat. Yesterday's Star says : — ' Mr Dyte informs U3 that the fumes from the smelting house chimney attached to the Victoria Bank are very injurious to health. He states that whilo near Craig's hotel, on Saturday last, he was so affootod by the smell and inhalation of the fumes that for a time he was quite unwell. If this be so, it cer tainly is a serious matter, and ono to whioh the losal board of health should ' tarn its careful and imme diate attention.' The usual monthly meeting of tho Presbytery of Melbonrne was held in the Soots' Church, Collius street, yesterday, when thero were present the Rev. A. Robertson, moderator; J. Ballautyno, clerk ; D. Macdonald, C. Moir, J. Clark, D. Bjyd, W. Fraser, H. Darling, A. D. Kininmont, G. Adam, G. Mackie, J. Lambie, J. Bagley, A. M'Gregor, J. W. Inglis, P. Brown, A. Hannah, J. Black aud J. Cooper, ministers ; una Messrs Amohirre, J. Wishart, J. Caldnroll, J. Bennio and Dr. Wilson, elders. The minutes of former meeting wero read and confirmed ; also the minutes of special meeting held at Pentridge, for the induction of the Rev. J. Cooper, on the 20th ult. The moderator intimated that his term of office had expired, and the Rev. J. Cooper, of Pentridge, was appointed moderator for the ensuing half-year. The following gentlomen were appointed trustees to hold the Presbyterian Church property at the Yarra Flats : — William Herbert, Edward Evans and John Williamson. The clerk read a letter from the committee of Lancefield congregation, requesting that the Rev. Mr Lind should be relieved of the charge of Now ham, iu order that he might be enabled to hold service every Sabbath morning in the Laccefiold tewHship. It was agreed to appoint the Rev. J. Meek, of Gisborno, to visit Newhatn, and hold a meeting of the people, with a view of ascertaining their mind with reference to the proposed change in the arrangements, and to report the same to next meeting of Presbytery. The Rev. A. Robert son gave notice that, at next meeting of Presbytery, he would introduce for discussion ' his overturo to the general assembly on the subject of periodical conferences on the part of the various Presbyterian Churches of the Australian colouios among whom anion had been consummated. Tho Rev. G. Maokie gave notice that, at next meet ing of Presbytery, he would introduce an overture to the general assembly on the organisa tion of a board of foreign missions. The clerk read a memorial signed by a considerable number of leading Presbyterians in East St. Kilda, at present meetiag for divino service iu tho orderly room, praying that tho Presbytery wonld form them into a congregation, and also that they would appoint the Rev. Robert Scrimgeour to officiate thero for the next three months. The memorial announced that the following gentlemen were appointed com missioners to appoar on its behalf nt tho meetipg of Presbytery: — The hon. James M'Culioch, W. Bayles. Esq., Mayor of Melbourne, and Messrs Baillie and Tarnball. It was moved by the Rev. D. Macdonald, seconded by- the Rev. A. D. Kiuinmont, and agreed to, that the prayer of the memorial be ' granted, that » minister of the Presbytery bp appointed 'to preach and congregate the memorialists; and that the home mission committee bo requested to locate theRev. R. Scrimgeour in East St. Kilda for the next three months. The Rev. Mr Kininmont was then ^appointed to preach on the morning cf Sab bath first, aud congregate the people. Mr James Bonnie, elder, gave notico that, at next meeting, he would ask the Presbytery to take up and con- i Bider the various rcmitB of tho general assembly. . The Rev. J. Cildwoll was appointed to preach at Whittlesea, Mayfiold, and Janefield on the second ? Sabbath of August. Tho following arrangements ; were made for the supply of Divine ordinance at ' the Behovolent Asylum and Hospital for the next five weeks: — The Rav. G. Adam on tho 9th and J 12th ; tho Rev. P. Brown, on the 16th and 19'h ; 1 the Rov. R. Scrimgeour on the 23rd and 26th ; the Rev. A. M'Gregor on the 30lh inst., aud 2ud 1 August; aud theRev. J. Bagley on tbe 6th and 9th j of August. Tho Presbytery then adjonrned, to hold ' its next meeting on the first Tuesday iu August, ' at the usual place and hour. ' The following good story is told by yesterday's ' M. A. Mail : — ' Not a hundred miles from New- i stead lives a disciple of Esculapius, upon whom the i scapegraces of the neighborhood like occasionally to play off a practical joke. The doctor, however, on the lost occasion of being made a subject for merriment, gave liis tormentors a tjuid pro quo which i will not soon bo forgotten. It seems that a night or two ago two young men, ono rather inebriated, but ' the other sober, called tho doctor out of his warm bed, stating that one of them wished to have an aching tooth drawn. Tho doctor examined the patient's ' molar3 aud incisors, and was about to slip the extracting instrument on tho ^particular tooth as he thought, when ho was told by the ^on looker that it was all a joke, and his. professional services were not really needed. Quickly the doctor fastened the instrument on one of his victim's teeth, and in a moment it was gone, the operator saying at tho same time that he had been called to draw a tooth, and draw a tooth he would. Tho matter will, we are informod, como before one of tho courts in two forms. The tooth loser claims compensation, and tho doctor his fee.' An objection has been lodged by Mr Hill against the shareholders of the Melbonrne and Hobaon's Bay Railway Compony being placed on the rate payers' roll for the borough of Richmond. In his notice to the town clerk, Mr Hill thus states his objection: — 'I hereby give you notico that I ob ject to tho names of all but three of the joint owners of tbe Melbonrne and Hobson's Bay Rail way Company being inserted or retained upon the burgees list for the borough of Richmond ; and also I object to such aforesaid three joint owners having more than ono vote each, on the following groands, namely, that, as the amount at which the whole pro perty is assessed, when divided by tho number of the joint owners, will be a rsteablo property of equal rateable value of less than ten pounds cach, they cannot claim to havo more than three names inserted, that number being the equivalent of the number of votes the whole property, if singly oc cupied or owned, could demand.' The Geelong Advertiser says : — ' Stonobreakers must be making a harvest at the present season, as it was stated yesterday by Mr R. S. Tuffs, surveyor to tho South Burwon council, that it was a difficult matter to obtain men, and that metal breaking was twice as expensive just now as it was during the 6ama period of last yoar.' We loarn from tho Geelong Advertiser that ' a man, supposed to be poisoned by strychnine, died on the 29th ult. The deceased was in the employ of Mr Thomas Chirnsido, of Werribee-park. It is suspected that the deceased committed suicido in consequence of being discharged from the station. The deceased was observed by his stepdaughter to take some white powder in brandy, after taking which, ho exclaimed ' I am done for.' The de ceased said, 1 Whatever I have taken, I have taken myself.' ' At the St. Kilda police court, yesterday, Archi- bald Williamson summoned Mrs Bonfield for the sum of £10 13s, being amount due to him for work and labor at her request. Tho plaintiff had engaged by contract to repair, paint, and paper three houses for the defendant for £21. Of that amount he re- ceived £19, and claimed the balance and an addi- tion of £8 13s for extra work not included in the contract. Mrs Bonfield disputed' the different items, alleging that some of them formed part of the work he had agreed to execute in his tender. After hearing a great deal of evidence, the bench struck out several of the items for extra work, and gave a verdict of £5 10s and £1 1s costs. William Rosa was summoned by Edward Arnold for ille- gally detaining three fowls, valued at 10s. On the defendant promising to return the fowls, the case was dismissed. Messrs Ford, Baillie and Wilson were upon the bench. The champion ploughing match will como off to morrow, and, if we may judge from the number of entries, the publio may anticipate a most exciting contest. The entry list will not close before to- day, at ten a.m., but already thero aro nc less than twenty-eight competitors entered for the champion class ; nine in class B, for men who bave never bo fore won an advertised prize; and four fcr tbo youths' class ; and all - these numbers no doubt will bo added to before the lift is finally closed. The money prizes of the society have been hand somely supplemented by donations from various well-wishers for its Eticcess, and if the present favorable weather continues, the agricultural public will be highly gratified. The land laid out for the match lies on the Flemington-road in the Royal park, between the gardens of [tho latter and the Moonoe Ponds Creek. Cabs will leave at short intetvals, from Elizabeth-street. Jas. Smith, alias Howard, Wm, Whito, add John Brown, wero, at the city police court, yesterday charged, on remand, with having broken into the store cf Messrs Risk and Co., forwarding agents, ElJzabeth-atreet, on the night of tho 27th ult., and stolen a large quantity cf tobacco therefrom ; and Eliza Harrington, Mary A. Stewart and Margaret Clayton, were accused of having received the pro. perty knowing it to have been stolen. The women, on the application of inspector Dob3on, were libe rated, there being no evidence against them, as was also tho prisoner Brown. It wap, however, shown by witnesses called, that Smith came out of the Btore shortly before nine o'clock on tbo night of the robbery, and Whito was seen close to the door of tho outhouso where the property was deposited. Smith and White were consequently committed for trial. The case of Young v the Board of Land and Works was proceeded with yesterday, at tho office of the board. Mr Kawerau was shortly re-examined as to the debtor and creditor account, said to have been kept by Paris ; and the examination of the plaintiff was commenced. This was not concluded when the board adjourned till to-day at two o'clock. A strange disease has attacked horses in the Mary borough district. The Advertiser says : — ' On Fri day afternoon tho already long list of dead horses wns further increased by an animal belonging to Mr Fowler, of Carisbrook, falling down dead in the street near Mr Hull's residence. The Bnimol had been at work during the morning, and had just started out for bis afternoon's work when he sud denly gave up tho ghost.' A lecture was delivered, yesterday evening, in St. Andrew's Church, Carlton, by the Rev. Mr. Inglis, of Sandridge, on ' Scott and his Poetry.' The lecturer, after sketching the life 9f Sir Walter Scott and depicting the dawn and progress of his genius aa a poet and a novelist, read numerous selections from his favorite works, which elicited much applause. Mr Inglis possesses considerable talent as a lecturer, and it is no small compliment to pay him to say that he could command the attention of on audience for two hours and a half without their exhibiting any. Bigns of, impatience, but rather courting asapplementarj^leoture, which Mr Inglis gratified to some extent by reciting the ' Battle of Ivry,'atthe request of an anonymous correspondent, who had expressed a wish to hear sosao selections from Lord Macauiay's poems. A vote of thanks waa cordially given to the lecturer. A rather novel case was heard before Mr Hackett, at the district court, yesterday. A man named Joseph Smith was complained against by the re venue inspector for selling beer in the public streets. The defendant explained that he was in tbe employ of the 'landlord of tho Me chanics' Arms Hotel, Little Collins-Btreet. The bench ordered Smith to pay a fine of £5, Mr Hac kett intimating that it was the lowest penalty tho court could inflict. Mr Candler held an inquest-, yesterday, at Rich mond, upon the body of Henry Nicholls, aged nine teen. The deceased retired to rest on Friday even ing in good health, and on tho following morning he complained of being unwell, and visited the hospital, where he obtained some medicine. Ho continued, however, to grow worse until Monday morning, when he suddenly died. The jary, in accordance with the medical evidence, roturne I a verdict of death from disoase of the stomach from natural causes. A roturn, showing the number of nominees sent for from the Uuited Kingdom, by persons resident in Victoria, under the immigration regulations, from the 1st of January last to tho. 27th of May, is pub lished in yesterday's Gazitte. The total number is 1923, of whom 834 were males, nnd 1069 females ; 482 were from England, 16*3 from Scotland, and 1279 from Ireland. An ordinary monthly meeting of tho St. Patrick's Society was held, last evening, in tho society s hall, Bourke-street west. Tho chair was occupied by the president, Mr M. Hood. Mr Scully moved a resolution, to the effect that a matter having refer ence to certain complaints mado by Mr Elliott against Dr. M'Carthy, the medical officer, be re considered. It appeared that one of tho rules of the sooiety provided that any membor or officer pre ferring a complaint against another member or officer, and failing to substantiate the same boforo the per manent committee, should be fined in such an amount as the committee might think proper. Tho charges had been considered, and the committeo, consider ing them not substantiated, imposed a fiye of 73 6d upon Mr Elliott. Tho president ruled that the motion was out of order, inasmuch ns the rulee pro vided that the proper course for a member in Mr Elliott's position, who considerod himself aggrieved, wa3 to move for a committee of uppoal. The names of Mossrs Richard Hunt, Michael Daloy aud Martin Gibbons, were submitted as candidates for membership, and Messrs Jeremiah O'Brien, Patrick Kane, John Ryan and Patrick Scully, who were recommended by tho committee for admission as benefit members, were duly elected. A good deal of desultory and somewhat acrimonious discussion took plaoo upon certain matters, in reference to whioh no formal motions were submitted, but tho subjects touched upon were of no general interest. Messrs Michael O'Mara and John Daley wore elected auditors, and tbe proceedings terminated at a late hour. The Rev. Jas. Taylor entertained a larga number of persons at tho We3t Melbonrne Baptist Chapal, Victoria-street, last evening, by reading various poetical productions. He selected ' The Coven anter's Dream,' by Hislam ; 'Tho Poor Mau's Wife,' and' To-Day and To-Morrow,' by Jerrohl Massey ; and Tennyson's master-piece, 'Enoch Arden.' The rev. gentleman was listeuod to with great attention, and was frequently applauded. At tho close of tho proceedings, ho was favored with a unanimous vote of thanks, which he briefly acknow ledged. Tho proceeds are to bo devoted in ai d of ohurch improvements. At the Williamstown police court, yosterday, before Mr Call, Michael Scanlan was fined 5a for being drunk ; and Patrick Grifliu 20j for obstruct ing tho police in tho performance of their duty. A publican's lioense was granted to William Duncan, for the Roval Hjtel. Thnmoa Taih.it .nhtnined orders against Geargo Lincoln, for £1 14s 31 ; and against Hanry Booth, far £1 7s lOd, with 7i 61 costs in the latter case. Mrs Annie Rassiter sum moned Mrs Mary Nicholls for using abusive and insulting languige. It being proved by the ovidence of two witnesses that the defendant possessed au exceedingly foul tongae, and had used the language imputed to hor, eh1) was ordered to piy a fiue of 20s, and 5a costs, and also to ontor, into a bond of £5 to keep the peace. The pilot board met at Williamstown, yesterday, to resume tho inquiry into the causo of the collision between the two barques Pat and Mayotto. Ttvo witnesses wore examined oh both sides, but tho evidence adduced was pretty nearly the same as that heard on the former occasion ; one side swearing the light was up, and the other that they had not seen it. After a short deliberation, the board camo to tho conclusion that tho pilot of the Pet committed an error of judgment in not giving tho barque Mayotte a wider berth. ' Lea Huguenots ' was repeated at the P.oyal last evening. Tho house was not particularly well attended. This evening, ' La Sonnambula ' is again to bo sung, with Madam Simonsen ns Amirta. To-morrow, Mr Labertouche, who, it is said, is about to join tha company permanently, will sustain the role of Don Jose in ' Maritana.' It is to be re gretted the management do not see their way to tho performance of ' Martha,' tho audience of Monday evening having been greatly disappointed at its non-pi- luction. 