THE FESTIVAL OF SNOBS. (Tro:: iksLu\dcn n-zit..-.) I TEVUSPAÏ last, October 25, iij ci d?.y marked in J our calender with the name of Crispin. Ita anniversary, four and a half centuries ago, was celebrated by 30,000 Englishmen in the famous victory of Agincourt thai was fought " upon St. Crispin's day," which .will ever be remem- bered in connection with " Crispin Crispían," if It were only for that; stirring speech that Shakes- peare puts into the mouth of Henry V: The festival of C"t oin -*s also observed by that numerous clas- of bu; community-estimated at the last census a: ¿e\»/)00-who have taken him for their tutelary saint. Not only in the I Noiifcamptojisr-Iic scats of its? boot and sec? , manufacture, but at Sheffield, Stirling, and throughout the length and breadth of England and Scotland, Crispin Clubs and Crispin Societies flourish and abound, whose members keep their annual festival, occasionally with out- door precessions, but always with, that feasting and drinking to which the degeneracy of the times has sunk the holy-day into the holiday. An old adage, of Scotch parentage, says, " On twenty fifth October, ne'er a souter's sober." The word "souter" takes us to Tam O'shanter'» bosom friend, Souter Johnny, who was really John Lauchlin, a shoemaker at Ayr; it is Scotch for cobbler, and is equivalent to the Latin sutor, and, in fact, is similarly spelt by Sir Walter Scott, when, in the " Lay of the Lost Minstrel," he speaks of Watt Tinlinn, sutor and archer. Another Scotch word for shoemaker is " cordiner," which they borrowed in the olden days of " Quentin Durward," from the French cordinnier, afterwards cordonnier ; and, in Paris, there were two shoemakers' societies, called thej Freres Cordonniers, who re- spectively enrolled themselves under the pro- tection of Crispin and his brother Crispinian. Our own English word cordwainer is merely the vulgar pronunciation of corduainier, from Cor dua, or Cordova, in Spain, from whence was im- ported the leather that was most prized for shoes, and which is referred to in the Hudi brastic couplet that chronicles some remarkable connoisseurs in suffering :-" Some have been kicked, till they know whether a shoe's of Spanish or neat's leather." Not but what shoes have been made of many other materials, from the prunello of Pope to the golden slippers of Wolsey and Julius Cosar ; and wood, iron, silver, cloth, flax, silk, paper, and rushes have all been pressed into their manufacture. Five )ears before the victory of Agincourt, in 1410, the English followers of Crispin had been in- corporated by letters patent of Henry VI., under the title of " The Cordwainers and Cobblers' Company ; " and they have a fine Hall in Great Distaff-lane, St. Paul's, London ; although they have long since dropped from their designation the word Cobbler, and only retain the more ancient term, as it is set forth in "The Art and Mystery of a Cordwainer," by Frederick Rees, published in 1813. The word Cobbler has passed into contempt, yet it is capped in opprobrium by that other word Snob, the vulgar epithet of a shoemaker; and as so many thousands of them have just been cele- brating the Festival of Snobs, we may not be considered out of place by devoting a brief con- sideration to the subject. We naturally ask, at the very outset, the reaaon -why is a Shoemaker called a Snob? but it is sometimes easier to raise a ghost than to lay one ; to ask a question than to return a satis- factory reply. There are various epithets for shoe- makers : they who vamp up old shoes and pass them for new ones are pleasantly termed " translators ; " and there are welters, repairers, clobberers, clickers, blockers, runners, closers, and cleaners, whose vocations are explained by their titles with tolerable clearness. We can even compiehend what is meant by "women's men" and "man's men," and those who "un- derstand their trade," like Lord Foppington's bootmaker in Vanbrugli's play. But " Snobs ! " Why are St. Crispin's sons branded with this nicname? Indention has already been ex- pended on the meaning of the word Snob. When a nobleman's con is entered at a univer- sity, he is put down in the college books, in abbreviated Latin, as " fil. nob." and, similarly, his companion without a handle to his name; might be written down as " s. nob."-the s standing for sine ; and hence the Snob was simply the man who was not a Nob! This is certainly a more ingenious derivation than that which takes us to sine obglo, and makes the poor Snob to be a man " not worth a rap ;" but, clearly, all this has nothing to do with Crispin's craft, but pertains to the class that Thackeray so vigorously handled in his fumous history of the race. The word Snob is evidently not restricted in meaning to a non university man, although so defined by the Gradus ad Cantabrigiam, by Bristed's " Five Years in an English University," and by Hall's "College Words;" nor even to '' a mean, vulgar person," as by Halliwell and Webster; nor caen to a stranger hunting in the " swell coun- tries," as in Ñimrod's " Chace," and Alken's pietme, where " Snob takes the lead " of the hunting-field. And, although the latest edition of Hotten's " Slang Dictionary " gives us a resume of some of these meanings, and says that the word is " the nickname usually applied to Crispin, a maker of shoes," it does not attempt to enlighten our ignorance as to the why and the wherefore of the epithet. Our useful contemporary, Notes and Queries, would seem to be the most likely source in which to make an inquiry of this nature, and to receive its solu- tion if there were any to be given ; but although the question was asked in one of its earliest numbers, and although sixteen years have since passed, no one of its many correspondents is a sufficient Qidipus to solve the enigma-Why is a Shoemaker called a Snob? At the time referred to, Dr. Gatty considered the word not . to be an archaism, and thought that it could not be found in any book printed before the present century ; and that, though shoemakers were called Snobs in the North of England, the word was not to be found in Brockett's "Glossary of North Country Words." It so happens that we can bring forward an example that the sons of Crispin retained their peculiar nickname up to the month of the celebration of the recent Festival of Snobs ; for at the Birmingham Quarter Sessions, last Mon- day fortnight (October 8th), an old offender, i who was found guilty of housebreaking, and sentenced to eight years' penal servitude, made an imaginative defence, in which he sought to lay the blame on some shoemakers with whom he had been drinking ; and, throughout the whole of his rambling speech, he referred to these men as " snobs," and to the implements of their trade as "snobs' tools ;" and he briefly described their habit by remarking that they are "men for fuddling when they go on the spree." -Here, then, we have a clear proof' that, ' up to the present year, the 25th of October is still observed as a Festival of Snob. Probably the word is not older than the Tom-and- Jerry days of the Prince Regent, when Snip was the name for a tailor, from his snipping the cloth ; and its two first letters would fall trippingly from the tongue for an alliterative title for his brother craftsman, the shoemaker; while the other two letters, ob, might possibly be taken from the humble cob- bler or the great Hoby. This, however, is merely random conjecture but we are compelled to limit the use of the word to the present century, as we are unable to discover it in the pre-Hoby period. There is no trace of it in that rare and valuable little volume, "The History of the Gentle-Craft," nor in similar treatises, includ- ing even the Hypodemama, or the History of the Passion of Shoebuying ; the Scytotomical Decameron, or Ten joyous Days in a Shoe warehouse ; the Sutrina Hobeana Soleary Sys tem, Arc Calciaric, and those other wonderful ' works mentioned in a certain prospectus of a j book, entitled " The Street Companion; or the Young Man's Guide and the Old Man's Com- fort, in the Choice of Shoes," supposed to be written " by the Rev. Tom. Foggy Dribble," and to which a most erudite article was devoted in the London Magazine of 1825. Of course it was nothing more than a witty burlesque, by Charles Lamb, on the antiquarian and bibliomatic tastes of the Rev. Thomas Frognall Dibdin, and was a companion article to those apocryphal memoirs of Liston and Munden, the former of which was quoted as veritable information by the writer of the article " Modern Eccentrics," in Temple Bar for last July. And equally as ineffectual as were those projected classics of Charles Lamb's brain in yielding a counterpart to the epithet " Snob," must have been the Baron of Bradwardine's Glossarium, with its learned distinctions between the caligo and socci. But this Baron was a true gentleman, and, although not a member of the gentle craft, was permitted to add to his paternal coat-of arms the "budget or boot-jack, disposed salter wise," in consideration of his knightly service to his royal master in undoing the latchet of his brogue. Although the boot-jack is not mentioned as a heraldic quartering by Randall Holmes in his "Académie of Armorie," yet that venerable master in coat-armour speaks of sandals, buckles, tyes, lachets, and wedges borne in heraldry. And Granger tells us of one Thomas Knight, of Oxford, who was greatly skilled in heraldry, and who might have been a king-at-arms, but who " sunk, in a few years, from a shoemaker to a cobbler," Here the cob- bier is evidently ranked as a person much below the shoemaker ; but in Flanders the Company of Cobblers not only take precedence of the Company of Shoemakers, but bear for their arms a boot with an imperial crown upon it. They ascribe this honour to the Emperor Charles V., who was fond of wandering incog- nito, and on a certain night strolled into a cob- bler's stall to get his boot mended. He found the cobbler making merry with his friends ; and, when he preferred his request, was told that they were keeping the festival of Crispin, and that no work could be done on that day for any man, even though he were Charles himself ; but that he was welcome to come and join them in drinking to St. Cris- pin, for they were as merry as the Emperor himself could he. As this invitation jumped with the Emperor's humour, he accepted it, and joined them in their drinking. "Here's Charles V.'s health ! " said the cobbler. " Do you love him ? " asked the Emperor. " Love him ? " said the cobbler, " ay, I love his long-noship well enough ; but I should love him more if he would tax us less." They finished St. Crispin's day very pleasantly ; and on the morrow the Emperor sent for the cobbler to the palace, and mightily surprised him by thanking him for his hospitality on the previous evening, asking him to name what reward he would like best. The amazed cobbler took the night to think of it, and on the next day appeared before the Emperor, and requested that the cobblers of Flanders might bear for their coat-of-arms a boot with a crown upon it. It was such a moderate request that the Emperor told him he would not only grant that but another also ; whereupon the son of Crispin asked that the Cobblers might take precedence of the Shoemakers ; a request which was also granted to him. Cobblers are generally of a contemplative disposition. The bulk is a brown study, in which, from the condition of the boot, they can diagnose the other cha- racteristics of Hercules. Bluchers and Hes- sians indicate certain proclivities, high lows are representative, and brogues are suggestive. The shoemakers have never been described in contemptuous - and fractional terms as tailors have been. A cobbler has been told to stick to his last, but his last is never held up in the severe way in which a goose is always dressed at the expense of poor snip. In fact, we have a proverb recognising the superiority of the material with which the shoemaker works over everything else. It is not easy to settle the nice distinction that appears to exist between a cobbler and a shoemaker. The Cobbler was evidently a man whose sphere of ambition was limited ; and was as happy as that cobbler who lived in a stall that served him for kitchen and parlour and hall, to whom Henry VIII. paid a visit in dis- guise. But as Lackington, the shoemaker, poet, and bookseller, said :-" Cobblers, from Crispin boast their public spirit, and all are up right, downright men of spirit;" or, as Pope wrote of " the aproned cobbler and the parson gown'd," when " cobbler-like the parson got drunk-" Worth makes the man, and want of it the fellow, the rest is all but leather or prunello.' And if there is any moral that can be drawn from these anecdotes, it would seem to be this:-Don't expect to have your boots mended on the 25th of October, for St. Crispin's-day is the Festival of Snobs. 