The Sketcher. OUR TRIP TO THE DIGGINS. PART V. BY S.G.M. WITH gladdened hearts we now resumed our journey, looking back many times with silent benedictions on the spring. We walked until sundown, and now came to a place called the Stockade —where terrible scenes had formerly been enacted. We did not know _of this, though, at the time; but were attracted .by- the crumbling stone-work —like a small Stonehenge—around the place ; and we respired to stop there for the night. \- -Ere we had lighted a fire against one of the old walls, the night had closed on us. We were Just sitting at tea, when lo ! a traveller appeared in sight. He was on, horseback, but at once dismounted, hobbled his horse, and greeting us "with a cordial smile, and r3ugh though genial ".Good evening," informed us that he -would stop with ii 3 till morning. "We bade him welcome, and seeing that he whb putting down, his quart to the fire (which N he had- filled at the adjacent creek, after taking 'a drink), we handed him some tea, assuring him there was plenty for us all. , " Ah/""mates", your voices are very different from what I've heerd Itere !" he said. We felt we had one with us who knew some \- thing of the history of these dead walls. We felt an interest in him already. Almost close to where we were Bitting, his eye was intently fixed on. a particular spot. We had, noticed him go to that spot before he ' sat down, - and move the earth about with a stick he had picked up near the fire. . ■ «?Do you believe in ghoßts, mates ?" asked he. ' '."Ho," we replied j yet the "suddenness of the question rather startled us. "No more do I," he said; " and yet I al most fancy I see Mm there." -We looked at him, but said nothing. My friend Jack handed him the damper; and after cutting off a slice, and taking a piece of meat, • he said:— '/Mates, I alias make a point of stopping here for the night'when I come, this way. I can't help it. I knew a murder done in this place once. I've alias fancied I could see the blood"where you seed me scraping, until lately. But Fm not afeerd of Mm. The murderer -wor a mate" of mine 1" Hooked at him as he said this, as did Jack. Such, seeming connivance at murder did not appear pleasant to us. " I know," he Baid, observing our silence and our looks, "what you are thinking of—that it is not right to think so lightly of murder. Neither is it; but, mates, this wor hardly a murder—the wrong man wor killed." "How was it?" said we, anxious to the utmost now to hear the story. Lighting his pipe, and seating himself on a log by the, fire he told us as follows:— " Mates, don't be alarmed when I tell you I wor "one of a chain-gang in these parts; and many a night I've slept, or tried to sleep, on the bare Btones of this here stockade. I wor sent out for larc'ny. my mates wor some "6f the greatest devils that ever clank'd in chains ; but hunger and tyranny made 'em devils. These mountains wot a hell upon earth tJien, and curses and cries rung from human hyenas both night and-day. But, mates, by fer the most savage of the lot wor those who wor chosen from the gang to be overlookeers -of the rest! It wor just as though brutality and ferocity wor stepping Btones to a man's promotion—promotion to the post of bully general, informer, and flagellator—which, latter , office seemed to be much relished. If a man, from mere hunger, gnashed his teeth while rol ' ling a log, the overseer was sure to report that it was at Mm he looked; and after a mock trial, the offender wag tied up and received 'fifty' on the spot, A flogger fresh from the gang could cut twice as deep as an older hand— tJiey grew careless, but the new 'un took a delight in «, and drew the lashes through his fingers dainty like, as if they wor leeches, and then at it again. Well, mates, it's of one of them over lookers I'm now going to speak. _*• We had in our gang a young"chap as wor a favorite with us all. He wor like a lamb among native dogs. Whatever he could have been sent out for wor a wonder- to us all—for he would never tell us ; but you could see he warn't one of the reg'lars. ..He wor a scollard too; but he warn't a bit proud. No; he ; spoke to us all bo kind—in a voice almost as Boft as a woman's. -Bj so doin' he kept us human like ; and he'd allus be a-sayin', c Bear " up, mates!' and we felt cheered and comforted .'whenever he said so. A * " There wor only one in the gang that seemed at all to dislike him; and that one we all dis liked—forhe wor a devil at heart. We called ;him the Hound; but some of us had to pay dearly for ever calling him so. One day he wor unmuzzled—his irons knocked off, and he wor placed over us. \- "His fust act worto show his teeth at that "young .chap. He made some report against i.im, false ash ; and after a show trial, he ' wor sentenced to receive fifty lashes. ""When he wor tied up, he looked round at me. I shall never forget that look! I gen him •my bullet to crunch! For thiß, our tyrant threatened to report me. "He wor untied. I never seed a wuss back! * The flogger wor a friend of the informer, and had done his utmost to oblige him. But if he had seen, that young fellow's eye as he wor let down, he'd a-been rather skeered, I*fancy. It startled us; and it took a good deal to do that. He never spoke 'cheery to us again; his eye had gone out like! But it flashed up, often, * when he caught Bight of the Hound; who | ;* seemed bitterer nor ever against him. He . wor allus a-teUin' "him to l mind his eye!' "Yet all this time he worked heartily .enough, never shirking his share. But it wor. j "like a corpse pulling at logs with living men. ■ Some' said he wor cranky; but I' knew what it :. wor. - His heart wor broke from that flogging. \- - " One-day he said to me, in his old, low, soft . tone ' George, God Hess you!' and took me by the hand.-. He-said this cheery like; but with a look so strange, that I could not make \- him out. -Thi3 wor just before leaving off work. Ho had hid something in his breast. "After gulping our mouthful of rations, .we wor locked up. Our gang slept in a separate cell; and each one had his place for sleeping allotted him. As wor usual, the overseer of the gang slept in the same cell, and had his peculiar place. This night, from some cause, the spot •jfhe usually occupied wor filled up by one of the other prisoners. He usually slept close to me. " It wor about midnight when I'wor awoke iWith a thud,- —then a low groan, next •'. to me. ;My face, too, wor wet with summut I : "An outcry wor raised that somebodynaa been killed! Lights wor brought—the guard come in with fixed bayonets ; and beside me lay a gharstly corpse. " It wor intended to be the overlooker and the 'murderer who stood over it,- wor the ' boy Bill! - The axe wor yet gleaming in his hand; but* when he saw'his mistake, he fell down by the side of the corpse, and Yes, mates, his tears fell upon the dead face! It wor a mate of his—young, like hisself ; and the two lads liked each other. " The guard instantly secured him ; he made i no resistance, but still; kept looking intently on his dead comrade as he wop led away. " Mateß, don't think I want to excuse him— he wor a muderer sure-ly, but he wor made a murderer. -'He-had been dealt with unjustly; and he thought to kill the man who had been a devil to him. "He wor tried, and sentenced to death. I-saw ! him go up the scaffold, smiling. The scaffold worn't feared in those days more nor an opera tion after long suffering. . . . . Poor Bill! God have mercy on his soul!" #**•■# # * * \ This tale, told by the fitful firelight on the spot where the tragedy had been enacted, did not fail of its effect upon us. like the "Ancient Mariner" the .narrator held us with his eye; and, like him, seemed relieved when he had told his Btory. After brooding in silence for a minute or twOj he took a sip of tea, refilled hi 3 pipe, and thus resumed:— " Ah, mates, them wor dreadful days! "Yet when I now look round my home, and see those belonging to me so happy, and the bit o' God's earth that is mine—and theirn,-—I say to my missus sometimes — '—' Thank God, Mary, I wor ever sent out here!' .... I had no chance at home, mate3—-no chance.* I wor born on ■Saffron Trill, christened at a gin-palace at the corner of'Field'Lane, and begun to thieve for it long afore I could look over its bar! My father and mother were both thieves ; and in . coorse I wor brought up to the purfession. The police knowd me when I wor a kid j they fbllered me up and dogged me into gutters, and sewers, and dark arches, and churchyards, till I became a man—or ruther a wild beast; —and then when I did anything they didn't like, they flung me into a den with other wild beasts like myself! All seemed agen, and none for me. Clanking of keys, aud growls, and curses wor all I ever knew; and then out a little while, afore the beaks, and the same over again ;—and that, mates is the lot of thousands in that gre^t, rich, religious city of Lunnun !■ Though p'raps you've heerd that a gen'leman named Dickens has lately tried a little with the 'raff,' and opened 'Bagged Schools' right in the heart of my old roost, Saffron Hill, and the wust Lunnun slums, where the poor kids has a 'uinan look on 'em, and where they're taught to read and write (vermin as they are) and guv a trade in the bargain! Blessins' on him for doin' it, say I! Bein' schollards, as I know you air from your woices, you must have heerd on him! He makes books; and I've got some on 'em, and means to get 'em all when I goes to Sydney; and my Alice reads 'em to me; and wei loves 'em; and most extro'rhary it seems to me that sich a gen'leman should ever trouble hisself about the likes of what I once wor ; yet he seems bom to do it, and to delight in it, —if so be,'l suppose, that he may make some on 'em happy and do 'em good. One tale you should read. It's called the • Christmas Carol;' and a Vision come 3" to a old miser named Scrooge; and it don't say nothin', but draw 3 a claw from under its garment, and show*, it, to him! but it ain't a. claw, —they're' two little kids!—(l've seen a cellar full on 'em!) —and then the Spirit says summut about old Scrooge and the likes of him makin' 'em. such."f Deeply did we feel the, truth of these fear fully-plain remarks! We have told the ex perience of this man almost verbatim as it was told to us;, and in -tiiose mountains, on that solemn night, under the throbbing stars, would that all England had heard it! .That a man must be a criminal to be happy, seems some thing startling; yet with him it was literally true. The testimony of such a man with re gard to "Ragged Schools" would surely have been deeply gratifying to "Boz," whose name and fame are so inseparapably connected with them! It was nearly midnight, and the night was cold; but so interested were we in this man that we had not felt it. Throwing a large back log on the fire, after the manner of aa "old hand," our mate spread his blanket by the blaze, and was soon asleep. We followed his example—but not as to sleep. The thrilling talc he had told us precluded that. Every now and then we; started up ; and once I had missed my mate, and looking round, saw him. walking amidst the silent ruins. .'. At length the "day broke, and one hj one the stars melted away.' We piled the log 3 on the fire, for it was now intensely cold. The moun tains around us were involved in mist; and now the blood-red sun appeared spectrally amidst the opaque. But ere we had breakfast prepared, his opal "eye wa3 beaming on us bene ficently, and the- mists were fleeting before him like sheeted ghosts. • Our mate awoke, and his face was happy as happy could be, as he looked around and said " Good morning friends!" His horae, too, was feeding close within sight, and that seemed to please him. He said, "He never goes far from me." '.--.- . . " After despatching our breakfasts, our mate1 saddled his horse, preparing for a start. Hav ing strapped on his blankets, he took our hands successively with a warm arid hearty squeeze, and said with, much earnestness—" Mates, I shall be loery glad to see you at my place! You'll pass by. it, just out of Bowen Fells. En- quire, for George B . Everyone knows me thereabouts. Good mornin'!" " Good morning," said we; " We'll be sure to come!" • Before getting out of sight he looked back, did that convict, and waved his hand gaily and gracefully, as if he had been a cavalier in some novel. " Poor « kleptomaniac'!" said Jack. " Would to God that all had a chance !" " Amen!" I responded. Wo sooa packed up our blankets (in which by this time we were expert), and again pro ceeded on our journey. [TO BE COXTIXCED.T * It is singular that the very words usea by this man (who writhed, as it were, into a reputable being) are also xised in a late article in the London Times (re-published in the Qtteenslanderot ilayo), entitled "Homeless Boys:" —"They are not failures" (says the Times) "for they necer had a chance." t And again: "As we sow so we reap. Let the reader go into the children's side of any prison of England, or, I grieve to add, of many •workhouses, and judge ■whether those are monsters who_ disgrace our streets, people our hulks and penitentiaries, and overcrowd our penal colonies, or are they creatures whom, "wo have delibe ■ ratelysuffered to be bred for misery and nun."—-Pre \ face to " Martin Chwslewit." 