A GERMAN STORY. (" German Novelists: Freytao. Auerítack, Heyes," in iheNorOi British Review.) Not far from this ravine stands a castle, half in ruins, and tenanted by a strange family. An old Italian grandmother, a father, who is away on shooting excursions, and a daughter, are in charge of the ruin, and live there in entire seclusion. Some mystery attaches to them. There is something strange about the daughter. There is something strange in the way the father leaves her alone, and the watch he keeps on her when they aro together. A young Count, who has been jilted, and is for a time sick of the world, is a little taken by the girl, thinks of retiring to a castlo as a hermitage, and wants to buy the ruin. Tho father tries to dissuade him from the purchase, and will not let him speak to the daughter. And the Count's companion, a misanthropic colonel, sneers at the raw cynicism of the jilted young man, and at the fancies in whioh he looks for consolation. We aro in- troduced to these two men as they walk up the bed of the Naif. The colonel points with a chuckle to a horso-leech preying on a snail, as a proof that "nature is one with rapine!" but ho is horrified at the sight of some ants on his com- panion's coat. We have to read some way before wo find the meaning of this horror, and the cause of this misanthropy. It comes out at length strangely. The Count has found all his attempts at interesting himself in the girl of the ruined castle frustrated. Weber, her father, resents them all, guards his daughter carefully, kecp3 a oloso watch on the Count. Ono night the Count and his companion aro in a wine-houss, when some young mon at another table begin talking loudly, as young men will talk. The hero of the party is a handsome lion of Meran, who ha3 succeeded to the Count's place in the affections of his faithless charmer. But tho young man is now boasting of another con- quest, and talks mysteriously of the ruined castle. The Count springs up and calls him to account. The young man promises him « meeting, which is destined not to bo kept. While the Count is wondering at the mystery of the Weber family, a mun in the corner of the wine-houso, who has overheard the quarrel, volunteers to speak. At his first wi"^ the colonel turns pale and leaves tho room, but tbe Count remains to listen. His informant is la nd rich (er in Moran, outl knows the wholo history of the Webers. They were allowed to change their niam on account of a oalamity that had happened to onoof the family. Weber was forester in the Val Sugana. His elder daughter Anna was attached to a young man much below her in station, an underling of her father's. At the conscription this young man was taken. He had promised to return that night to the block hut, where he had held secret interviews with Anna; but no sooner were the recruits enrolled than an order was issued forbidding thom to leave the barracks that night on pain of death. In spite of the order, the youth slipped out and got to the rendezvous; but in coming back he fell down a preoipico, and was found there with his leg brtken by the patrols who went out to look for bira. Had he confessed tho cause of his esr edition ho might have been, pardoned; but he was silent, for ho bad promised seoreoy-and he was shot. An hour after, a tall, handsome girl came to the room of the young officer who had command of the corps of recuits, and who had just presided at the execution of the sontence. She carno to bog her lover's pardon, not knowing that it was already too lato. The young oificcr's servant grew curious when the girl remained a long time closeted with his master. Ile listened through the keyhole and heard nothing. At last ho made some exouse to ooen tho door. Tho girl was on her knees before the officer. He had a strange expression on his face, had taken off his neckcloth as if be were cnoking, and was walking with great strides up and down the room. Ho thrust his servant rudely out, and locked the door upon him. In another half hour the girl carno out, imagining she had her lover's pardon. The servant To whcm she spoke about it, told her at once that her lover had been shot more than an hour ago. For a moment her eyes seemed to shoot living fire, but the next moment she burst out in a loud peal of laughter. But a day after the young offioer was not to be found. He was traoked to the block-hut where Anna and hor lover used to meet, and there his uni- form was found rolled in a corner. Wo will leave Paul Hoyse to tell the upshot of the search : " I will be brief. There is a ohasm in the mountain a little highor. I do not know what led me to the thought that he must have fallen down it. But the reality was still worse. Just at this moment the moon came out, and we could distinguish every tree a rifle-shot around us. ' What's that white thing hanging thero ?' cried the boy suddenly, and stood as if bo was turned to stone, for he was afraid of ghosts. I cast a sharp glance through the tree-stems, and could not utter a word, so terrible was the sight. A fir-tree stripped of all its bark at the foot, rose by the chasm, and flung out two solitary boughs at about a man's height from the ground. From one of these hung the wretched youth ia bia shirt and trousers ; his arms tied t' tightly behind his back his feet also tied tightly together, and suspended by a treble noose to the branch, while his head just touched the ground, not far from the verge of the abyss, with its floating hair. But there, between tho roots of the fir, some ants had built their heap, and though this was half destroyed by footsteps, no saw with a shudder the cieaturcs swar- ming about the dead man's head-." But hero the description breaks off abruptly, and no one could wish it pursued. What with her lover's death, and the cruelty practiced on her- self, Anna had gone mad. She was found at home laughing and singing hysterically, mut- tering every now and then, in low and haunting tones : " The ants ! the ants ! don't scare them off, they aro only doing their duty !" 