DEPARTURE OF THE KING OF PRUSSIA FOR TUE ARMY. Berlin, 30th June. The King left hare to day, and will arrive to morronr morning at Reichenberg. His Majesty wa» most enthusiastically cheered by the crowds assem bled in the streets from tho palace to the railway station. Intelligence received here states that the Austrian* hnTe erucuated Oswieein. MulH iuben, 30th June. ') he King of Hanover left here to-day for Frankfort. Berne, 30lh June Tho Austrians hare forced their way through the I'onale Pass into the Val Camonica Berlin, 1st July. Ring Victor Emmanuel liuu sent a telegram" to the King of Prussia, congratulating His Majesty upon the recont success ol the Prussian arms. (from tub daily telegraph SPliCIAI. correspondent with THE PRUSSIAN ahmy ) heichenbekq, 24th June. At last we have entered Bohemia. As tar an tho eye can reach it sees only columns advancing and sweeping past. On crossing the borders and defiling before l'rince Frederick Charles and his sUko they till the air with never-ending acclamations ana snatches of song—" Ieh bin ein Preusse," "Oh du Deutschland, ich muss mnrschiren," " Hinaus in die feme mit lautem hornerklang," and so forth Th« strophe 'Der frtiheite hauch geht nmchtig durch dis welt " is still ringing in my ears. To put the finish ing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and inajestio line of mountain, standi"g out in sharply defined outlina against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spurs trom column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans, with the help of tho telescope and the map, the range of country before us. The Prince's head-quarters are for tlio time being—pro bably only for a day—at J-chloss llarfenstein, the property of tho goneral of (he army confronting ui, Clam Gallas. Ptrha|ia tin; name is a good omen for us ; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the present time, a Chun Gahas liao never won a battle. All ttio generals of this raoo hare been called by tlit) Yiennoae tho '• Hoertrommel"—drums of the regiment—because iluy wero only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondrecourt commauda under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of tho midst of tho soldier's camping round tho fires towers a horrible stutue—that of St Nepomuuk. Artillery, baggage trains, oavalry, in fantry, repo»e in inarching order, partly in tha streets and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks^ baggage, arc piled up in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up in long rowi. In spite uf the er.oimouH fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making tho bills resound to their sinking ami shouting. An hour ago single shots were hoard at a distance. Now we know what they meant, for at tho moment I am writing they aro bringing in ouriirst prisoners, two Radetsky hussars, magnificent follows, with handsome olear-cut features and a dark defiant expression While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skir mish of horse is going on in the distanue, the sky has become gradually overcunt ; and now the rain Dours in torrents, visibly swelling tho Neiise, vyith between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of thunder The troops are lying under tho canopy of heaven, .and— in the mud. Evory tire is extinguished ; nevertheless tho Bounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, aro heard above tlio noisw of the rain, th« rushing of tho Neisso, and tho crash of th« thunder. Last night, during tho whole march from Zittau to I'eichenberi;, alarms were continually sounded—what for 1 am unable to say. To-day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alar cd They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of'the rear-guard of the enemy ; a vain hopo It is potsibla that nhilq W8 aro pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with tbo main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a feir divisions to confront us in order to divert our attack on tho enemy's flunk. As yet our soldiers havo been as well receivod as ono can expect in on enemy's country. Keiehenberg is ■warming; with bodies of troops marching into tho town, nnd encamping. Tho 35th and 00th (tho Zouaves of tho array), the 24ih and G4th (the victors at Alsen), in spito of their diminutive figures, etriko tho beholdor wherever they go by their brisk, bold and martial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they havo already smelt powder. And how tho splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough tuisel with an enemy superior in numbers! Tho Pomeranians form a otriking contrast to tho lithe, lupple Bratidenburgers Ono gives these heavy broad-shouldered fellows credit—even before proof —for being men to bo relied on to the death. We know for certain that they, too, liko their fore fathers in tho War of l iberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a budy must be tre mendous—I should say irresistible; but whether, like tho Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers daro leave them to themselves for a moment, has yot to be proved Tho East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that thoy will never fly Reichenberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country, sur rounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of ths enemy in suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the bills lie the famous battlefields of Ziska, the Prokops of tha'Thirty and of tho Seven Years' Wars. The appearance of the distant hills crows more threaten infj. Tbe mists roll together in heavy compact, masses, and settle on the mountain tops, shrouding them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of maroh. What awaits us there? I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first en gagement which will herald in the first great battle. Both parties claim the victory. It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike persist in asserting, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsify lng reports and telegrams, forging documents, &c; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are severally represented by the organs of their opponents at not much better than a gang of robbers and mur derers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their milks It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is most to blumo for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at comparing the several statements, and waiting for confirmation of ono-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they ara worth. According to the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung, the Pruasiana hare been beaten back, not in one, but in throe different places, in Bohemia and Galacia, and the result of these victories is compared to that of three simultaneous decisive defeats buffered by Napoleon in 1813, which led up to the decisive battle of Leipsio. The Saxon arm; is said to hare behaved with great bravery in these last encounters; and it is expeoted that the Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Corps will also soon (how what tho German army can do against the Sonderbundler. The paper even goeo so fur as to advise the Kin;* of Prussia to follow the example of Charles Albert after the battle of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the country, so as to enable it to obtain a more favorable peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still greater sacrifices for the restoration of the Bund. However, the qualifying remark is added, that this is only a wish, tho fulfilment of which they dare not bone for. Tho following official report has been received in Berne from the head- quarters of Colonel von Salis, at Santa Maria, on.the Valteline frontier:— "Santa Maku, 26t'n Juno. Information arrived here states that tho 4th Canonniere in the Stelrio Pass is occupied by three companies of Austrian ICaiaerjagers. A force of from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry and artillery are a little distance in the rear. The thunder of cannon was heard this morning at Siinta Maria, Mutiater, and Tauferi. Bavarian troops are expected at Mais." I5f.ri,iN, 30th June. The following despatch has been received here from his lioyal Highness tho ' Yown Prince:— " Reinebz, 27th June. "I hare moat respectfully to report to your Majesty as follows upon the events of to " On the afternoon of the 26th General von Stein metis had pushed forward his vanguard, under Major General von Lewenfeklt, towards Nachod After a ■hort engagement, the latter got possession of the pass, which was abandoned by ths Austriana, with a logs of eighteen killed. Tho vanguard threw out ikirmiahers in the direction of Italitz. " At half-past nine this morning the vanguard was sharply attacked by two brigades of the Gth Austrian corps well provided with artillery, and fol lowed by a third brigade as support. The Prince Holsteiu's heavy cavalry division at tho same time appeared upon the field. By the efforts of tho van ■ guard, which withdrew slowly skirmishing, time was : gained for the main body of the corps to emerge from the pass, and reach tho heights immediate^ in front. At this moment I oame up in good time from Braunau As the troops arrived they were im mediately thrown forward to hold the nearest heights, the Kirchb.\ch division to the right, and the Lowenfeldt division to the left. I ho entire artillery, ninety guns, was brought up into the line of battle, to meet which the enemy was reinforced by the lnat brigade of the 6th Corps and its reserve artillery. The advance of the enemy wos soon checked, and as loon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regiment and reserve, had taken up its position, we ' were enabled energetically to assume the offensive The hostile Prince Solm's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the 1st Uhlans and Sthi Dragoons, under General von Wnuck, after a desperate hand to hand combat Each regimHnt captured a hostile standard General von W'nuck. Colonel ron Treshaw, and Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the commanders of both regiments, received honorablo wounds. " The infantry, whoso fire hrtd been of admirable effect, attacked at various points with the iiayonet. and took possession of the advanced woodland and surrounding ground. In these operations the flni» of the 3rd Deutschmeister battalion fell into our hands "Towards three p.m all the enemy's troops were in retreat, followed up by tho fire of our artillery. One dotschment of the 1st Uhlans succeeded in cap taring two guns; threo others wore abandoned in the hasty retreat. Tho cavalry, supported by some of the infantry, engaged in temporary pursuit, while : ' the brigade of tho 6th Corps, that came up towards evening, undertook the vanguard I returned to ■ Naohoil about six o'clock, after:I had seen almost all tho ' troops that had been engaged upon the field, and had 1 thanked them in your Majesty's name. "The battle of to-day is an honor to General von "• Steinmetz and tho 6th Army Corps. I cannot suffi ciently praise the extraordinary coolness of the young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in tho ' discharge of their duty. The needle gull effected considerable slaughter, and caused the failure of all the enemy's attacks, which wero undertaken with great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare powers of en durance in faoe of the hostile fire, at first greatly supe rior, and the oavalry showed itself more than a mutch for ' the' so-much vauuted Austrian horso. Upon the Austrian side, twenty-eight battalions were under fire, from all of which prisonors h ive fallen into our hands. The 5th Corps, on tho other hand, bad only twenty-two battalions to opposo to this . foroe, and of these the troops kept in reserve only came under the fire of gronades. Tho brilliant sucoesi of tho day has been purchased with com paratively slight loss. From all I havo seen I esti mate it from 501) to 600 mon. among whom are a very considerable number of our bravo officers. In addi tion to those already mentioned among tho superior grades, I have to report Major von Natzmer, of tho 8th Dragoons, killed; Major-General von Ollech and Colonel ron YValther, commander of tho 46:li Ilegi ment, wounded. The enomy's loss is, on tho other hand,'very large Over 2,000 prisoners are in our hands. His dead lav in many placos in heaps. so that I ettimate his total loss at over 4,000 men. . Tho trophies taken wore the above-mentioned 'fire guns, one flag, and two standards. I shall not fail to forward to your Majesty, as soon as possiblo, further details and a special list of losses, together With'the Dames of thoso who had the opportunity of especially distinguishing themselves. " Frederick William. Crown Prince, Genoral of Infantry and Comraander-in-Chiof of tho 2nd Army " The following official despatch refers briefly to the events of the ensui <g day:— " Uueslai; 29th June. "I ha»e to announce to your .Majesty a second Tiotory upon the 28lh more hotly contested and more sanguinary than upon tho 27th Great loss in officers and men, though that of llio enemy decidedly greater. Some trophies h ive boen agun t:ikeu. bu' th» number is still uncertain Numerous prisoners ban bean made. Bkalitz is in my hands An order Of B«q«d«k't (how* that I was opposed to-day by the I Archduke Leopold, with the 6tl> and 8th Corps After battles my troops aro full of courage and en thusiasm breaking out into loud cheers. " Stbinmetz." 