FRIDAY, AUGUST 17. 1866. It is by no means desirable that Aus trab'a should become over susceptible to English criticism. We have our own national life to work out, and to do that properly is of far more consequence that what is said about us. The sus- ceptibility of America in such respects has been the subject of deserved ridicule, and we should be careful to avoid that fault. But it is quite legitimate that, while we remain attached to Great Britain by ties both of affection and allegiance, we should feel some amount of anxiety not to be misunderstood and underrated by the British people. Even if sentimental considerations were set aside altogether, it affects our mate- rial interests that our British cousins should be correctly informed about us that those contemplating emigration hither should really know what kind of a country they are coming to, and what kind of institutions they are comirjg among ; and beyond this, a false and unfavourable account of the colony occasions to us the direct loss of money, by diminishing the value of our public secuiities. A moderate anxiety to be properly represented in the mother country is, therefore, both right and rational, and wo have reason to be grateful to Victorian colonists when they take pains, on visiting England, to spread accurate impressions and to dispel errors about us. To such gratitude Mr. DUFFY has certainly entitled himself by the lecture on Australian affairs which he delivered before the Society of Arts on the 30 th of May last, and of which the greater part has already been republished in these columns. It cannot be truly alleged, however, that his picture was complete, and unhappily the features that he left out of the portrait were the least pleasing ones. It is pro- bable that he felt, as an ex-Victorian Minister, that much reference to the maladministration of the past two years in this colony, and to some considera- tions which that maladministration sug- gests, would very likely be ascribed to wrong motives, and would, moreover, be ineffectual on that account. Only a month previous to the delivery of the lecture, the accurate and well-informed conductors of the Home News had re- ferred to Mr. DUFFY as the " late Chief " Secretary of Australia," and the gen- tleman who had been so distinguished would naturally bo reluctant to say anything detrimental to the "Chief " Secretary of Australia" who succeeded him. He did good service, however, in dispelling the notion that there is such instability about Australian political arrangements as had been gravely stated to the British people in a periodical of the standing of the National Review. The National Review had stated that in Australia. " there are ( Ministerial " ' crises' onco a week, and actual " changes of Administration once a " month." Mr. DUFFY was at pains to Bhow, and he showed most effectually, by careful comparison of the duration of English and Australian Governments, that the actual averages have not dif- fered widely, and that the slanders pro- mulgated as to the frequency of the changes that occur here are quite un- founded. As OPHELIA observes, " we " know what we are, though we know " not what we shall be ." and it will be quite time enough to charge us with such instability if, amid the not satis- factory working of our political ma- chinery, we really should be brought to this pass. Mr. DUFFY'S lecture was, on the whole, most unquestionably an admi- rable one, evincing much knowledge, much painstaking, a general candour, and a love for what we suppose we may call his adopted country. But it is to bo feared Mr. DUFFY was somewhat too much of an optimist, or, for the reasons to which we have already referred, failed to allude to the unfavourable aspects of our political condition. Its most melancholy characteristic to our apprehension is its distinct downward tendency. Our gene- ral elections, as a rule, lower the cha- racter of our Parliaments, and out Ministerial changes, as a rule, lower the character of our Administrations. Tkc steady tendency of our institutions is te pass the control of public affairs to less and less efficient people j and this is an evil of so serious a kind that it should never be screened or disguised, but Bhould always .be borne in mind, asserted, and resisted, so long as there is a chance of effectual resistance It may bo that in a few years edu- cated and respectable persons will simply keep out of political life, and that the unhappy country will be en- tirely governed by political Schemen upon " log-rolling" principles. That oui affairs are tending in this direction is r fact that cannot fairly be excluded from what is meant to be a comprehensive view of Australian political institutions, and it is the more important to keep ii in mind because the case need not, wc Lope, be yet pronounced incurable ; but without doubt " to this complexion wo " must come at last" if we do not suc- ceed in making our Parliament repre-^i sentative of the entire people instead of only the numerically largest class. In a country like Victoria tliere ought never now to be any sustained con- tinuance of high prices for the neces- saries of life, for staple articles of food. We bave such extensivo trade relations, such easy and constant communication with other countries, that a deficiency of any kind in the local supply of the market always is or can be very promptly made good by supplies from outside. Bad years for local produce ought not to affect a market thus commercially circumstanced in the same manner that they affect communi- ties comparatively sequestered from the rest of the world. When we happen to have short crops, breadstuffs are quickly poured in from Chili and Cali- fornia, if not from the neighbouring colonies; and when drought prevails, there are extensive, coast districts of the continent which suffer little, and it does not bcorch up the pastures of New Zea- land or Tasmania. To meet shortcomings within, supplies are always available from without ; and of most items those imports are usually at hand in reasonable I time. But, as the householder knows too well, the charges in his weekly bills ascend with a facility and promptitude which they do not exhibit in coming down again. He finds that such charges, having reached high figures, have a decided tendency to remain at them long after the natural occasion for a temporary rise has passed away. Ketail prices do not properly reflect the whole- sale position of the market, or its means of supply, and dearness and scarcity are not the synonymous terms they ought to be, the one fact being the only valid excuse for the other. Passing by the high prices of meat and bread, which are most unreasonable, let us take for instance the curious contrast between the retail prices of fruit, at all times, at all seasons, and the real abun- dance of most varieties of the article. Though it is necessary, and would be welcome on every table in Victoria, it is rarely an item of popular consumption. The public would use abundantly what is so useful and agreeable, especially during our prolonged summers-would be glad to have as a frequent or constant adjunct of their food what is regarded as a staple of diet in countries whose climate resembles our own. But the cost stands in the way, and fruit is still , on the footing here of a mere luxury, not I a necessary. It is not cheap-it never was, and we wonder when it will | be allowed to be ! Scarcity cer I tainly cannot be pleaded as an ex- cuse. Even if we had no local supply, all the English fiuits could be imported in such quantity from beyond Bass's Straits, and the semi-tropical from Sydney, as to leave no pretext for the prices which hinder a popular and plentiful consumption. And for some time now we have had home produce on all sides. Orchards, vineyards, and gardens are numerous, not only in suburban districts, but in most parts of the colony. Arid sometimes the crop is suffered to go to waste. Last season, in one of the Murray localities, people, not knowing what to do with their peaches, carried them to the winepress to try to prevent a total loss by extracting from them a novel kind of beverage. The farmer of the American backwoods and prairies makes good profits by barreling his fruits for the English and the Chinese markets, many thousand miles off. How, then, is it that fruit is always dear in Melbourne, when a few miles away it is so plentiful as to be sometimes useless 1 Have we not railroads, and other roads, and the water-highway to assist, if needful, the internal supply ? Yet apples and pears are still sold by the pound, as in the days of Golden Point, peaches are ex- changed as sparingly-for your money as wheie they are the product of the hot- house, and all other varieties are simi- larly dealt out as if they were scarce and difficult to procure. Now, what happens in the case of fruit happens in the distribution of many more commodities also, even if not in equal degree. Retail prices are very far irom being a test of the actual condition of the market, of the state of supply and demand. The instance we have adduced sufficiently shows how possible it is for the middleman to main- tain an artificial rate of charges, to the de- triment of the interests both of producer and consumer. When competition among the vendors does not serve as a check upon this-when it is counteracted by mutual understanding and trade combinations, manifested by a continuance of high prices after the natural occasion has ceased-a remedy is sure to arise sooner or later in competition from without. The poorer classes of consumers unite in co-opera- tive associations to do for themselves what the retailer is performing unsatis- factorily. Such has for some years become a frequent practice in Great Britain and France. The first experi- ment of the kind in England-the Bochdale Association-proved a great success, and of the many which have subsequently sprung up some have been similarly successful and others as signally the reverse. They have not multiplied, however, as was originally expected, nor certainly is there any present sign of their ever becoming so numerous as to supplant those avoca- tions for the retailing of food and other necessaries with which they compete. But it is evident, nevertheless, that occa- sional associations of the kind do exercise a useful influence. When judiciously managed they encourage provident habits among the working classes, and afford them a profitable investment for their savings j while at the same time the fact of their existence and the appre- hension of their increase operate both» against the adulteration of goods and against unfair prices on the part of the ordinary trader It must be borne in mind, however, that one great secret of success in any such associations is the circumstance that they need not give credit, while in most branches of busi- ness the individual retailer hints at the credit system as a reason for the charges of which the public com plain. But why, in this caso, is not the thing done openly and fairly 1 The con- sumer should, at least, be allowed his choi -?,<¿_í_ween oredifc and high prices, ftndrp^%¿¡ing what he wants without creAuioiid then at really fair prices. If some establishments would strictly adopt the latter principle, and its recommenda- tion to the public would be the supplying necessaries really good and honestly cheap in proportion to the state of the -wholesale market, their success would 'be insured by very extensive patron- age. _ A Government Gazette Extraordinary, pub. llshed last night, makes the following notifi- cations :-" The Governor baa been pleased to appoint Henry Charles Manners Suttor), Esq., B.A., to bo His Excellency's private secretary. The Governor has been pleased to appoint Hemy CharleB Mannere-Sutton, Esq. (private secretary), to be acting aide-de-camp to His Excellency. His Excellency the Governor will bold a leveo at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, on Thursday, the 23rd of August inst., at three o'clock in the afternoon. Gen- tlemen attending the levee aro requested to Appear in uniform, or in full evening costume and to provide themselves with two cards with the name written legibly thereon; one card to be left on the table at the entrance-hall, and the other to ba 'given to the acting aide-de-camp. Incorporated and other bodies, societies, and persons desirons of presenting addresses or memo- rials to the Governor on this occasion, are requested to transmit copies of such addresses or memorials to His Excellency'8 private secretaiy previously. The Governor directs it to be made known for general information, that he will be happy to receive those persons who may wish to see him on Thursday in every week, between the hours of one and three p.m. At the same time His Excellency wishes it to be understood that gentlemen from the country, or any other personB wishing to communicate with him personally on business which will admit of no delay, will be received on any day or at any hour that be may happen to be in town and -disengaged. Lady Mauners-Sutton will be at home for the reception of visitors on Tuesday and Friday in each week, between the hours of two and four p.m. Visitors calling on other days are requested to inscribe their names in the book kept for that purpose." The squatting action of Glass v. Martin was concluded yesterday, before Mr. Justice Williams and a jury of twelve, In the Old Court house. The verdict was-on the counts charging fraud, for the defendant; on the count charging breach of contract, for the plaintiff, total damages £10,41112s.-In the eame Court, the action of Jarrett v. Bowthorn came on for trial, and came to an end without a verdict. It waB brought to recover damages for a libel addressed by the defendant to Mr. P. W. flower, in London. But Mr. Flower had refused to give np the letter to the com- missioners who examined him in London; the commissioners had not compelled him ; and on tho threshold of the trial it was ob- jected that evidence of the comtonts of a letter could not be given when the letter itself was in existence and producable. The plaintiff was therefore nonsuited. His Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth yester- day overruled the decision of the Chief Com- missioner of Insolvent Estates, refusing the certificate of Jas. Mason, baker, of Colling- wood, and reporting the insolvent for punish- ment. His Honour thought it had not been shown that tho insolvent had contracted a -debt without reasonable expectation of being able to pay it, or that he had made wilfully false answers upon examination before the Commissioner. Yesterday, at the Criminal Sessions, David -Glass was accused of maliciously wonnding Patrick Tierney and Daniel Ryan on board the ship Tornado. Without hearing the case for the defence, the jury acquitted the pri- soner. It appeared that Glass waB acting in self protection from a furious assault by about a hundred of the passengers, who were incensed because he had caused the ship tobe letnrned to quarantine by very properly re- porting the appearance of a case of small- pox on board.-John M'Phail, charged with Bteallng a watob, the prpporty of Henry Hal- lam, Emorald-hill, wos acquitted.-Thomas __altby WOB convicted of an indecent assault ?opon his niece, a girl eleven years old, and sen ieEced to three years' imprisonment.-A ver- dict of "Not Gnilty" WBB returned in the case -of Annio Duncan, charged with being con- cerned in a robbery from Jane Murray, a hawker, near the Half-way-house, Emerald hill.-George Charity, indicted for perjury in a trial for personation of a voter before the magistrates at Malmsbury, was acquitted. At the District Court yesterday. James Nation was complained against by the police for making a dangerous excavation in a pub- lic thoroughfare, viz., a right-of-way running from Collins-street east by the side of the premises of Beauchamp and Rocke. The place had been left without a lamp, and its -condition was said by the police-constable to he very dangerous to persons passing in the dark. Defendant pleaded that the regulation on the subject did not apply to the case, as the right-of-way waB a private one. Mr. F. Stephen, who prosecuted as corporation soli- citor, said the right of-way had been an open thoroughfare for ten or twelve years, at the least, to his knowledge. Mr, Hackett said if it -were desired to maintain the right to the land tho custom should have been adopted as in England of periodically closing the thoroughfare. In the conversation which passed it was said that a gate had at times been placed at one end of the lane, and Mr. Hocke stated that, although his firm occupied the next premises they were not allowed to «Be tho right-of- way. It was remarked that the owners could scarcely have meant to give this land to the public, inas- much as it cost them £200 per foot. As there was no desije to open np the question of the title to thtapbpd, the Bench told defendant that he s* 94áld be more cautious as to the state in which he left the excavation, as he would be liable for what accidents it might occasion, and dismissed the case.-In the same Court, Chas. Downie, landlord of the Australia Felix Hotel; - Thompson, landlord of Tattersall^ Hotel ; and Michael Hackett, of the Old Governor Bourke Hotel, were fined in email amounts for neglecting to close and clear their houses at twelve o'clock on Saturday night. In the conrse of a few days, the resnlt of the recent musketry instruction to volunteers will be published. It will, we believe, bo highly favourable to the force, Yesterday a deputation from the City Corporation, consisting of the mayor, Al ?dorman Wragge, Alderman Smith, Coun- cillor Macpherson, and the town clerk, had onlrjterview with the bon. the Minister of LandB^wlth reference to the sale of the _Sastern-_ill »«serve. The deputation were accompanied by Mr. MacMahon, M.L.A., Mr. Longton, M.L.&., Mr. Levi, M.L.A., and Mr. Blackwood, Mx/V. The mayor and other members of tho deputation Btrongly urged upon Mr. Gram ^e advisability of postponing the sale of the reserve, in order that the opinion of Parlia- ment might be taken on the subject. The1 corporation considered that the land had been promised to them, and that it waa unfair that the Government should act on its Btrict legal rights, and take from them a piece of ground which WOB reserved to them for a special purpose. Mr. Grant firmly deolined to interfere with the sale of the reserve. The whole circumstances' c1 the case had boen fully considered by tbe Cabinet, and they had come to the conclusion that, in justice to the public, they wore bound to proceed with tbo sale. The proceedings are repotted at length in another column. The Bacchus Marsh troop of the Viotoria Volunteer Light Horse was inspected on Saturday, the 11th inst., by Lieutenant Colonel Rede, commanding Volunteer Artil- lery, accompanied by Staff-Oaptain Snee, for tbo purpose of ascertaining the progress made in learning the horse artillery drill, which the members have been practising during the last week under the instruction of Staff Captoin Bnrton. The twelve-pound howitzer lately supplied by the volunteer authorities was worked and fired with a steadiness and precision which elicited marked approbation from the gallant colonel, who at the cloeo of the parade addressed the troop in very com- plimentary ternis, statirjg that he highly . approved of the step they had taken in deter- mining to learn tho horse artillery drill, which would greatly increase their usefulness as a branch of the service. He said that he was most agreeably surprised at tbe manner in which the gun had been worked, considering the short time the members had been drilled, and that the proficiency they had shown proved the gieat interest they took in the matter. He trusted that the remainder of the cavalry would follow the example of the Bacchus Marsh troop ; in which caso we might shortly have available a battery of six guns, well horsed and worked (at leaBt suffi- ciently so for practical pur poses), which would bo of the greatest service in case of an in- vasion. Yesterday a deputation from the districts of Mordialloc and Dandenong bad an inter- view with the Hon. Mr. Grant, at the Office of Crown Lands. The deputation wore intro- duced by Mr. O'Grady, M.L A., and stated that the common bad been very much en- croached upon by the selections undor the Land Act, This had caused considerable inconvenienco to the small holders of land and they desired tho Minister of Lands te reserve another piece of land for the purposes of a common. Mr. Grant, having made some examination Into the case, pointed out apiece of ground which would be reserved as c ommon ; and the deputation, after expressing their thanks, withdrew. A deputation from the trustees of the Trades'-hall had yeaterdaj an interview with the Hon. Mr. Giant, Mr Harbison, M.L A,, introduced the deputation who stated that one of the trustees had failed in bis duty, absenting himself from the meet lugs, and refusing to give any acoount of th< funds paid to him, Mr. Grant requested thi deputation to put their complaint in writing When they did so he -would call upon thi trustee to answer it, and if he failed to do se would removo him from his position. Thi deputation then withdrew. A meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Olul was held yesterday, to arrange their annua programme. It was decided that the steeple chases should take place on October 6, and 01 the Melbourne course. The following stake weie arranged :-The Hunt Club Steeplechase of 5 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added; Grea Metropolitan Steeplechase of 10 sors, each with 300 added; and a Hurdle Race of 10i sovs., entrance G sovs. An election extraordinary of Iro memb3n of the Prahran Borough Council to A ;ulaci yesterday. Thero were four candidiit^d Messrs. John Hanlon Kuipe, Charles Ogg John Goold, and Charles Joseph Lewis. Thi fi-.st and third named were supported by thi so-called reform party in the borough, am the others by their opponents. Thero was i brisk and bustling contest, and the olectioi seemed to excite much interest, notwith standing that last week a similar struggl took place, and the electioneering appétit might have been expected to be appeased fo a time. At about half-past five o'clook, th mayor, Mr. Snowball, M.L.A., declared th result of the poll to be as follows:-Knipi 747; Ogg, 647; Goold, 622; Lewis, 012. Th elected and the rejected addressed the electo i assembled. Mr. Knipe congratulated himse' on his position on the poll, but regrette the reformers of the borough had not mad their victory complete by returning M Goold also. The latter thanked those wh bad voted for him, and expressed a conf dence of success at the next opportunity the occurred. Mr. Ogg also briefly expressed h: obligations to the burgesses who bad su] ported him ; and Mr, Lewis said that, althoug now the lowest on the poll, he yot hoped t reverse his position on a future occasion. The adjourned half-yearly meeting of ti shareholders of the Guiding Star Gold- mink Company lapsed yesterday, for want of quorum. The Melbourne Corporation have issuod notice stating that it is their intention i appeal against the order refusing an inj an tion in the matter of the salo of land know as " the East Melbourne Market," and int mating that they will hold possession of ti said land until the suit preferred against ti Queen and others bo determined. The foundation-stone of a new bridge i Morang, connecting the counties of Evely and East Bourke, was laid on Wednesday, i the presence of Mr. Watkins, member i Parliament for Evelyn, Mr. Wilton, chat man of the Morang Road Board, and a lar« number of the principal residente in the di trict, The ceremony was performed by Mi Wilton, to whom a silver trowel, bearing suitable- inscription, was presented, in honoi of the occasion. Kefreshmants were provide In a tent erected on the ground adjoinini and the event was commemorated in a ma; ner satisfactory to all present. There was only a slender attendance at ti Princess's Theatre last evening, Everyboc seems to have had quite enough of th aggregation of horrors called " The S Degrees of Crime," which we are glad to sta has now been relegated from the boards this theatre, without, it is to bo hoped, chance of being again inflicted on the Mi bourne public. The gymnastic porforman of Professor Stevens and MB two youthf sons formed an agreeable interlude, ai some of the feats executed were of a mc marvellous character. The globe ascent ai descent of a plank reaching from the stage the centio of the dress-circle, by Master 1 Dale StevenB, elicited hearty applause; ai the professor on the slack-rope, and with t " dancing barrel," exhibited a high arnon of skill and proficiency. At the close, t three clever artists were called before t curtain. The entertainments concluded wl the farce of "Slasher and Crasher," ti gallant twain being represented by Mr. J. : Hall and Mr. W. B. Gill. The Daylesford Mercury has the following ; " A rather clever conversion of proficiency one art to execution in another was broug under our notice yesterday, at the shop of IV: Lamer, practical watchmaker, Albert-strei Mr. Larnor's competency as an engraver hard metals induced him ia undertake i order to cut an inscription on a totnbsto W/jnded for the grave of the late Mrs. Jol Pope, HUA in this, his first effort with 1 mallet and chisel, bo han been very successf the text, letters, and surrounding scroll of t word ' Sacred' being cat with great sharpni of outline, and remarkably good taste. The plain Inscription below tho dedication is like- wise well done." The Warrenheip correspondent of the Star supplies a ghost story. Ho writes:-"For ?Warrenheip has been reserved the good for- tune of producing the first veritable ghost, and the story runs thus. In the vicinity of Magill and Ooghlan's brewery lives a Mr. Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name be- tokens, of the Emerald Me, who, for some * deed done in his days,' is now tormented by a spirit of the other world which makes its presence known by constantly lighting the candles as fast as they are put out, BO that once a candle is lighted it must be tho- roughly burnt out ; and no mattor how many candles may be burning or where placed, if they aro all extinguished, they will by Eome mysterious agency be again lighted in the twinkling of a bedpost, as we say in Ireland. Several people have visited the scene, and all come away exclaiming, ' Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw.' Mr. Fahey, in his "extremity, started yesterday to consult the divines of his church in whose ' backward matters of dis- severing power' he places moBt implicit faith, and who no doubt havo given him some good advice, which he wisely keepä to himself. I have not yet visited the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to-morrow, I purpose satisfying myself, when no doubt I shall be able to render a good account of his ghostship. The latest to hand ia that last night the candlesticks took a fit, and jumped off the table on to the floor and back Bgaln." The Star mentions that tho recent storms have injured the telegraph posts between Ballarat and Buninyong. One of the posts at the old Camp at Mount Olear is lying on the ground, and two near the Telegraph Hotel incline over the road. The large dam at Mount Clear, belonging to the St. Andrew Quartz Company, White Horse, burst its em- bankment a few days aso, and swept trees, fences, &o;" before it. There was about five feet of water in the dam at the time. The following is from the Geelong Register of Thursday :-" A marriage in fashionable life took place yesterday with much eclat, at St. George's Presbyterion Church, Ryrio-street, between Mr. Calvert, jun., and Miss Stoddart. Unfortunately the happy proceedings were marred by an accident of a very serious character. One of the vehicles intended for the conveyance of the bridal party was stand- ing at Dr. Stoddarts residence at West Geelong, when something frightened the horses, and they bolted. The coachman, who was off the box, immediately ran before the horses, and attempted to stop them, when he was knocked down and run over. The pooi man was picked up with a broken leg, and at soon as it was temporarily attended to, he was brought into the hospital, whore he wai at oncetreoted by Dr. Reid. The horses, witt tho carriage attached, mado their way t< Sims's stables, which thoy reached withoul damage either to themselves or to thevohicle The unfortunate man who waa injured ij th< father of Mrs. Sims, of Malop-street, and ii about sixty- years of oge. He was progressiv favourably yesterday evening." "On Wednesday," says tho Daylesford Ex prest, "Detective Walker airested Thomai Leech, on suspicion of stealing cattle belong ing to Mr. Lyon, of Ballanee station, Ballan Not long since this gentleman mysteriously lost about 200 head, a part only of whicl; has been since recovered. From informa- tion received, Walker had reasons to bellev« that Leech knew something of the miBsinp beasts, and has kept the prisoner under sur velllanco for several weeks. Walker succeeded in learning that somo of Mr. Lyon's beastf were driven into Bullarook Forest In ths daytime, and at night into a stockyard owned by Leech. At length the detective pounced upon the quarry, and brought him, with fom heifers bearing Lyon'B brand, to the camp. I is to bo hoped that this capture will be thi first of a series that will rid the farmers o Glenlyon of the rascals who have latel; slaughtered so many bullocks, &c.;" " The entrleB for exhibits for the ensuini local exhibition," Bays the Ballarat Star, "at coming in rapidly, and there ia no doub that the exhibition will comprise a very larg and varied collection of manufacture?. Ta number of exhibits already entered is abou a hundred, and half as many more Is full; expected. An assistant-secretary of tho com mittee has been appointed, the secretarle duties having so increased of late as t render necessary that assistance." A Eokewood correspondent writes as foi IOWB :-" A general holiday is expected to tali ploco,tbroughont this neighbourhood on th 23rd lost., OB the new Presbyterian Ohurc now rapidly being finished is to be opened o: that day. The Rev. Mr. Dykes, M.A., ho consented to conduct the opening sarvlci This church has cost about £2,000, and ma be looked upon as one of the finest in ou country districts, but there is a debt of £40 or £600 on the building, the greater part c which, it is to bo hoped, will bo collected o the opening day." The treasurer of the Melbourne Hospitt acknowledges the receipt of £1 from Mr. Wi Ham MTarlane, and £418a. from the fittoi in the locomotive department of the railwa workshops, Williamstown. 