New Publications. (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) November, 1865. THE number of novels is legion, and it is difficult to select those that are worth reading, or which deserve more than an ephemeral reputation. Dickens' "Mutual ephemeral IMeud'' will, of course, be read with eager ness by those who have not taken it in month by month. Now complete in two volumes (225.), it allows of more satisfac tory perusal. One can follow the delinea tions of character better, and see how care ful has been the master-hand, and how true to life. It will bear re-perusal, and indeed «nly thus can one appreciate the finer and exact touches with which the characters are finished. "-Passing the Time," by W. Blanchard Jerrold (2 vols.), has this pecu liarity that in the midst of the fictitious narrative there are given a series of papers describing life iv the Pyrenees. The hero is thus made to contribute really valuable information respecting French agricultuial life and Parisian amusements. The work is thereby made partly essay, part novel— ar combination of fact and fiction. The denouement is very pathetic, showing how true love lasts long and may meet its due reward. "Years Ago," a tale of West Indian domestic life of the 18th century, by Mrs. Henry Lynch. This describes with great good sense and feeling the life and love of a young girl, born in Jamaica in the old slave-holding days. It is a very domestic tale, full of gentleness and kind ness, keeping up the reader's interest, with out pandering to a taste for the horrible and improbable. " Who is the Heir ?' by Mr. Mortimer, has not quite com pleted its course in "monthly," where it first saw the light. It is a very readable novel, full of smart things and photographs of life, chiefly from subjects and scenes in the gay life of well-to-do society. There are some distinct and clever personages, and some very dull ones; but the latter are not very stupid, and serve to throw out the former. Mr. Collins has had in view the dashing off of single sketches—men and "women he has seen and known; hence the graphic easy style of writing, and the want of continuity observable in the work. Some of his women are cleverly drawn, and their involvements will make the book a favorite with their sex. " Duvid Chantrey "is also a reappearance from " Temple Bar.'* The hero is a newspaper reporter, and earns a livelihood in a very honorable occupation, generally involving great confinement and constant hard work. CUfcitrey, however, has leisure enough to loiter and idle and fall in love, as well as to pursue a purpose formed at his mother's death- bed, namely, the publication of a novel she had written but never given to the public. Another ptessraan, of a different s.tamp to Chantrey, is found in John Wayre, a character supe rior as a portrait to the hero, and deserving acknowledgment as quite a success in its way. Chantrey has a love affair, of course, so has John Wayre, so has a Scotch noble man, a friend of Chantrey's. The history of the courtships of these tliree men, inter spersed with Mr. Blenheim's snappish but lively doings, constitute the materials of this really original novel. "Oswald Hastings; or the Adventures of a Queen's Aide-de- Cspip," by Captain Upollys, is a very vivacious tale. The hero is a very successful military adventurer, passing through all sorts of hair-breadth escapes, stumbling over unheard-of difficul ties, gallant and heroic, a paragon in knight errantry, finishing up by marrying the first winner of his heart. " Shellburn,'" by Alexander Leighton, is pretentious, but not quite unwarrantably so. In his preface, the author deplores the prevalent style of novel writing. "We fear,"' he says, "we pust admit that, however cleverly written— and there can be no doubt of the talent %\arywhere, through a thousand sources brought into play-Mlfc greater part of our fiction is little better than a camera ohscura reflection of portions of society in a state of where we see the figures moving, notice their acts, aud observe their nods and grimaces, but without getting any insight into human nature," and so on in the same strain. Fiction is not fulfilling its highest function—rivalling the school and the pulpit. "Shellburn" is offered as a specimen of what a good novel ought to be, and as a « means of inaugurating a change for the better. Measured by the high standard set up, it falls short; but, judged of apart from that standard, its merits will commend it to mauy readers. The plot is not intricate. Alice is the heroine, and in her career are incidents enough of prosperity and dire adversity and wretchedness to quicken and sustain the interest of the reader. Among children's books cordial com mendation may be given to " Aunt Sally's Life," by Mrs. Gatty (Bell and Daldy.) It is the fresh narration of a doll's existence from the time of her introduction to the nursery, with all the pride of beauty, through all the changes of neglect, violence, burial, exhumation, and pillory. The characters and moral are excellent. "Ellen Montgomery's Book-shelf," by Miss Wetherel (Warne and Co.) It seems almost superfluous to recommend anything that comes from the pen of the authoress of "Wide Wide World," " Queechy," Sec; but for children's talcs full of healthy life and teachings, the three contained in this volume are unsurpassed. They are sup posed to be the three favorite tales of which Ellen Montgomery was very fond, but which are not to be found in the book shops. "Mr. JRutherford's Children," " Carl Krinken, or The Cliristmas Stocking," and " Casper" are {fee titles of the tales. The second tale in cludes the advent iu%cs of three apples, a penny, a purse, two shoes, a pine comb,' a hymn book, a cork boat, and of the stocking itself. The book contains eight pretty colored illustrations, and is a great favorite among the children of several families, where we know it has been read. " The Butterfly's Gospel and Other Stories," by Frederika Bremer, is also a capital child's book (Jackson, Walford, and Co.) " The Butterfly's Gospel" shows how insect transformations are illustrations of the truth that what appears to us as death is merely a passage to a freer, more spiritual li:e. "The Little Girl worth her weight in gold," is a model sister. But " The Rose of Jericho" is by far the best of the tliree tales; showing how a true aud loving child can exercise potent bene ficial influence on a hard hearted man. The tales have appeared in " Merry aud Wise." " Share and Share Alike/ by Mrs. Ellis, is written for Penny Readings. It is intended to tlirow a little light on the inequalities of our social circumstances, with regard to riches and poverty, and to help to reconcile the hardship of poverty by taking off something of its seeming in justice. It relates the adventures of a party of emigrants, who, leaving the old country, start in the new one with an equal division of property and labor; but what with the cupidity and cunning of some and the superior abilities of others, it is found that the grand principle of " Share and Share alike" will not work well. " Child hood in India, or English Children in the East,"' is written by the wife of an officer. (Jackson Walford and Co.) It is a tale for children, founded on the experience of a family who were in India during the mutiny of 1857 ; and claims to be a correct picture of Anglu-Indiau life and habits. Camp life and marching life are described. Then comes the mutiny. Captain Campbell's children are separated from their parents, hidden by the care of their ayah among her friends, until on the restoration of order they are restored to their father. " Cham ber's Historical Questions, and Miscel laneous Questions,*' are two of the very best manuals on history, science, art, litera ture, and knowledge generally; full of condensed information for teachers or students. Publishers are very backward this year with their Christmas and New Year's books, Last year the principal works were ready early in October, in time for easy shipment; but with the exception of a few, they will certianly not appear till the end of this month. The titles of some of them, with those of general literature, will form a little guide to the choice which will be presented to the public.. Messrs. Routledge and Co. issue " A Round of Days," containing fifty original poems by some of our most cele brated poets, and fifty original pictures by eminent artists, engraved by the Brothers Dalziel (4to. Is.) "Home Affections," pourtrayed by the poets, with 100 first-class illustrations (4to. 12s. 6d.); and "Every Boys Annual for '66 (Bvo. 65.), foil of all sorts of fun and recreation, with wood cuts and colored illustrations. "Tales from Shakspeare," by Charles Lamb, a charming book, with illustrations by John Gilbert (3s. 6d.). Warneand Co., give us "Beeton's Annual," edited by himself and the Rev. J. G. Wood, fully illustrated with woodcuts and chromos, first- class writers and artists have been laid under contribution (65.) "The Poets of the Nineteenth Century," with 100 beautiful engravings, issued at 215., now reduced to 12s. 6d.; also, an illustrated edition of the " Arabian Nights' Entertain ments."' at ss. It has been carefully got up, and has this recommendation—that without destroying. the imagery of the stories or omitting any of the tales or inci dents, the editor has expurgated the parts that parents consider objectional for chil dren to read. It also has notes of oriental customs and habits. Mr. Nimmo's announcements include " Pen and Pen cil Pictures from the Poets," a series of forty illustrations on wood, with descriptive selections from the writings of the poets. Gems of Literature, rare, elegant, and suggestive, appropriately illus trated by upwards of 100 engravings. Bell and Daldy announce "The Great Works of Raphael," a series of twenty photographs from the best engravings of his most celebrated paintings, with life by Vasari (4to. 31s. 6d.). Low and Co. an nounce " Pictures of Society, Grave and Gay," comprising 100 engravings on wood. A new edition of " Div Watts' Divine and Moral Songs," with XX) wood-cuts from original designs by some of the most eminent artists. Longman and Co. will immediately publish (4to. 31s. 6d.) " The Life of Man Symbolised by the Months of the Year in their Seasons and Phases," with passages selected from ancient and modern authors, accompanied by 25 full page illus trations, and many hundred decorative devices. Twelve illustrations showing the life of man from the cradle to the grave will also embody the progress of the seasons and the varying aspects of nature as seen under an English sky. Twelve more will comprise a series of medallion portraits from the infant to the patriarch, combined with floral emblems and other symbolical attri butes. Longman and Co. also announce an illustrated edition of the " Recreations of a Country Parson" (Ist series); a new work on the " Comparative Anatomy and Physio logy of the Vertebrate Animals," by Pro fessor Owen, in 2 vols., with upwards of 1200 illustration. " The Formation, Management in Health and Disease, and Training of Thorough-bred Horses," by Digby Collins (65.), giving information and hints about the management of the racer, steeple-chaser, and hunter in health and dis ease, that in the absence of the veterinary surgeon many too prevalent errors may be conected, and certain diseases and accidents avoided. Also, uniform with the Stateman's Year Book. " The Commercial Hand Book of France," furnishing a detailed and com prehensive account of the trades, manu factures, industry, and commerce of France at the present time, so as to be a book of useful reference. Mr. Murray is about to issue " King George lll.'s Correspondence with Lord North," 1769-82, by royal permission, from the Royal Library, at Windsor. Dr. Living-tone's new work on " The Zambesi and its Tributaries, and the Discovery of Lakes Shirwa and Nyassa," 1858-64. This has been long looked for with great interest. Also, " Dean Stanley's second series of Lectures on the History of the Jewish Church," (165.) Dr. Rennie's " Peking and the Pekingese, during the first year of the British Embassy at Peking," a Con cise Dictionary of the Bible, for the use of families and students, condensed from the larger dictionary, and edited by Dr. William Smith (215.), and Major Mac phersoirs " Memorials of Service in India." Among other announcements, mention may be made of Lieutenant-Colonel Forbes Leslies work on "The Early Races of Scotland and their Monuments," (2 vols.) profusely illustrated (Edmonstone and Douglas]. A "History of Banks for Savings," by William Lewin's, author of Her Majesty's Mails, with a pho tograph of the Chancellor of the Ex chequer. "Memoirs and Correspondence of Field Marshal Viscount Combermere "; and the second and concluding volume of Miss Meteyard's " Life of Wedgewood,'* with 300 illustrations, (Hurst and Blackett) —a new edition of Coleridge's " Friend" in Bonn's Standard Library (3s. 6d.), a series of essays to aid in the formation of fixed principles in politics, morals, and religion, with literary amusements interspersed. It was originally published by the authors for circulation among subscribers in 1809. The diary and almanack makers are be stirring themselves, and a war of words is taking place between some of the " genuine old Moores" and some of the genuine " Zadkiels. v Each claims the honor of having foretold the decease of the Premier. " Look," says old Moore, " did I not say twelve months ago, another great states man called to his account; this was the noblest Roman of them all ?" On account of tliis " prediction," as the writer terms it, he invites the world to buy his pamphlet and considers that he has the gift of pro phecy. Mr. Smiles has completed his " Lives of Boulton and Watt," in a single volume of some 500 pages. It will be ready in course of the month, and will be illustrated by numerous engravings, A new work by Rajah Brooke, the Governor of Sarawak, descriptive of ten years residence in the province, is announced for publication. It will contain numerous illustrations of scenery. It is rumored that the conduct of Mac millan's Magazine will soon pass out of the hands of Professor Masson, now that he has taken the Edinburgh chair. Some writers in Edinburgh have started a small journal similar to the London Owl. It is known by the name of the Eclipse. The Bat is flying about somewhere. Messrs. Macmillan have sold 50,000 copies of their " Globe" edition of Shakespeare. Science has just sustained a heavy loss by the death of Dr. John Lindlej r, one of the most hard-working and celebrated botanists England has ever produced. His writings form quite a library by themselves. He was a member of most scientific societies in all parts of the world. He worked hard, too hard; and died of apoplexy on the Ist of November, at the age of 66. Dr. j Lankester is about to commence a Journal of Social Science. It will be published monthly, and will be devoted to the publi cation of papers, reviews of books, and in formation ou the various subjects embraced in the departments of the National Associa tion for the Promotion of Social Science. Dr. Lankester has had a good deal of ex perience in writing and teaching, and is promised the help of many students of social science. Mr. Samuel Baker, the discoverer of the new lake near the sources of the Nile, has arrived in London. Once a Week is henceforth to be an illustrated weekly miscellany. With each monthly part will be given, in addition to the ordinary en gravings, an extra full page illustration printed on toned paper. The price will be the same-r-threepence weekly. The first number of the new series, .on January 6, will contain the first instalment of a new novel, by the author of " George Geith." Bradbury and Evans have just issued a handsome illustrated edition of " Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures," at 10s. 6 and reprints from Punch's Pocket-Books of the last twenty years, of the series of colored etchings drawn by John Leech, under the title " Follies of the Year." Some notes are appended by Mr. Shirley Brooks. " Early and Later Pencillings from Punch," by John Leech, form two quarto volumes (21s. each). Explanatory notes are added by Mark Lemon. A writer in Frasers Magazine recur Is numerous anecdotes illustrative of Lord Palmerston's character, from which we make the following ex tracts: —"Every one has heard the story of Sheridan's dinner party, to which the Sheriff's officers acted as waiters. On its being mentioned as apocryphal at Brocket, 'Not at all,' exclaimed Lord Palmerston, ' I was at it. Sheridan, Can ning, Frere, and some others, including my self, had agreed to form a society (projected you may remember by Swift), for the im provement of the English language. We were to give dinners in turn. Sheridan gave the first, and my attention was attracted to the peculiarity of the attend ance by the frequent appeals on behalf of the improvised waiters to ' Mr. Sheridan,' ' and did you improve the language V Not certainly at that dinner, Jot Sheridan got drunk, and a good many words of doubtful propriety were employed.'" He was a purist in language, grammar, and orthography, and some curious illustra tions of lus zeal for their reformation are preserved in the Foreign Oflice. He had a confirmed dislike to " that, that," and " had had," as in a sentence thus constructed: "It was said that that general had had a J check." He told a story capitally; frequently with an a propos which brought its applica tion within Barrow's somewhat large and elastic description of wit. " If," says Syd ney Smith, " I say a good thing to-day, and repeat it again to-morrow in another com pany, the flash of to-day is as much the flash of to-morrow is as the flash of one musket is the flash of another; but if I tell a humorous story, there are a thousand little diversities in my voice, manner, language, and gestures, which indicate rather a dif ferent thing from what it was before, and infuse a tinge of novelty into the repeated narrative."' Thus it was with Lord Palmerston; aud lus best anecdotes, when, he could be coaxed into repeating them, had always a fresh zest. His play of mind was equall^effective in catching and im proving any passing drollery or humorous thought. When Lord Derby's translation of the " Iliad" was first announced, a guest at Broadlands told him he must keep pace with lus great rival by translating the " CEneid." " Stop till lam out of office, and the parallel will be complete." He laughingly quoted the authority of an emi nent physician, that continuance in office, with the resulting employment, was good for the health. " Would not active op position do as well ?"' " No, no; that stirs up the bile and creates acidity. Ask Disraeli if it does not." Nothing, by the way, created acidity in him ; he never said or sanctioned an ill natured remark on anybody. On being told that a clever assailant regretted a personal attack, he said, " Tell him I am not the least offended, the more particularly be cause I think I had the best of it." It was mentioned to him that his Chan cellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Lewis, had been writing letters to Notes and Queries on " The Wakefulness of Geese.' " The wakefuluess of geese! Why, the Opposition will think he means them ; and, what is worse, they may say they are the geese that saved the Capitol." A couple were censured i i {.oing to country houses without an invita tion. " Don't be hard on them," was his suggestion, "for if they waited to be invited, they might go nowhere." On its being stated as a good sign that Lady was only attended by a popular physician, who shall be nameless, he said, " Ah, very time, when you trust yourself to Dr. you should have a sup erfluous stock of health for him to work upon." When at Broadlands, he was a regular attendant at Romsey Church, but was occa sionally late. Once, when he did not ap pear till towards the end of the second lesson, the sermon was more than ordina rily long, which a guest attributed to the complacent consideration of the clergyman, who was determined that his lordship should gain in one way what he lost in another. " I never saw it in that light before, and will take good care not to tax his kindness again." Mr. Lecky's work on Rationalism is said to be written in an excellent spirit, with great power of style, though perhaps rather diffusely, and much learning of a kind which few are possessed of. A sketch of its contents is given and a few questions raised by it are discussed. Lady Duff Gordon's Letters from Egypt are said to possess a strange fascination, and are epitomised. " The Beauclerks, Father and Son," is a title of a novel by Charles Clarke, of which the first three chapters are given. " Cunneform Inscriptions,—Gabinean r. Rawlinson." " Nooks and By-ways (notes on Capern's Wayside Warbles and Ailing ham's 50 modem poems.) " The Wishes Shop" (a good tale with a useful moral, that persons cannot have what they wish for without making sacrifice of something they already have.) " Town Life in the South of France" make up a good number of Frater. In "Macmillan,'' Mr. Ludlow well— nay racily—concludes his Gallery of American Presidents. Harrison to Johnson constitutes the present instalment. His eulogy of Lincoln is very high. In some respects he is regarded as superior to Washington. "To found the Union, nearly all the intellect and warlike power of the American people co- operating, was a far less work than to restore it, when well nigh all the statesmanship, half the intellect and warlike power of the Ameri can people were endeavoring to destroy it." Of Johnson Mr. Ludlow speaks hopefully. " I shall be much surprised if this Tennes seean tailor—this dark-visaged man, with grey eyes and brown-grey hair and deep lined brow, * grave almost to grimness'— turns out one of the least remarkable occu pants of the Presidential chair." "The Dove in the Eagle's Nest" is still a fresh and beautiful tale. Mr. Henry Kingsley resumes his graphic account of " Eyre, the South Australian Explorer," and brings it to the close of the expedition, when Eyre returned to Adelaide and met with the wel come he deserved. Of his reception on board the French whaler Mississippi, this is the narrative:—" They knew this coast —that it was waterless and uninhabited for a thousand miles. It did not matter to them; they had their ship, and cared little for the shore. They used to see it there every day. yellow and bare and treeless, with a few mountains on the left in the dim, hot dis tance ; so it had been for ever, and would be for evermore. But one day it had a strange, new interest for them; they, as they were idly busying themselves with clearing their cables, which were foul, saw a man moving on the shore. It seem«d incredible, but their glasses confirmed it. It was a white man, who knelt on a point and was making a fire to signal them. Half-a-dozen of them tumbled into a whale-boat; and as the beautiful craft came leaping and springing towards the shore, their wonder grew into amazement. It was a white man indeed, but such a man as they had never seen before. He was wan and thin; his clothes were ragged; he seemed wild, and looked like one who had risen from the dead—a man who had evi dently such a story to tell, that yon trembled while you waited for him to begin. Such a man stood on the very verge of a wave-worn rock, among the climbing surge, with strained eyes and parted lips, eagerly holding out his wasted hands towards them. To say that they had him into the plunging boat off the slippery sea-weed in a minute; to say that they embraced him, patted him on the back, and looked fondly at him; that they, in one breath, demanded his story of him, and in the next forbade him to open his month until he had refreshed himself; isonly to say that they were sailors—and, what is more, Frenchmen. Here was something which suited their great sailor hearts en tirely. Here was unprecedented headlong courage; here was endurance equally unpeecedented; here was a man who had been where no one had been before, and had seen what no one could ever see again. To be blown a thousand miles out of your course was one thing, but to have walked a thousand miles was quite another. .... At all events, their hearts were in the right* place, and Eyre, from'a lonely, hopeless wanderer, found himself suddenly trans formed into a hero. That night he slept on board the Mississippi." Mr. Hughes (" Tom Brown"), now MP. for Lambeth, contributes a paper on Trades Unions, Strikes, and Co-operation. The conflicting relations between capital and labor come under review; association is strongly re commended ; and a hope is expressed that we shall soon see the nation converted to co-operation as thoroughly as it has been to free trade. Most of the remaining con tributions are poor. The best papers in Cornhill are " Wives and Daughters," and " A Few Thoughts on Keys." The rest are poor, except one on " The Holy Fair of Hurdwar." Here is ! an incident which will bear transcription:— " One more incident of the Holy Fair, however, is needed to complete my sketch. Looking down from the balcony I see a man fight his way to one of the priests. He gives a small packet into hi 3 hands. Fold after fold of cloth is removed by the ' priest. At length he comes to a small j inner packet, which he opens carefully, and { drops from it a white powder on to the ' stone step before him He spreads out the powder, handling it with peculiar care. • He takes a piece of money from it; he ■ then says some prayers over it, i and finally washes it away into the' sacred river. 'What is that powder?'! I ask of a native behind me. ' His father's ashes,' he answers, pointing to the pilgrim. If a man cannot die on the banks of the sacred river, his next great wish is that his ashes may be cast into it." Blackwood opens with "A Fenian Document," which is said to have been found by the police when searching the lodgings of Mr. Donovan. It purports to be addressed to him by Milo M'Caskey, Count, Lieutenant-General, and Cameriere Interno to his Holiness the Pope, and is dated from Rome. The writer sarcastically denounces the proposed insurrection, and refuses " association with a project which must fail, and rejects all offers of rank and station from those who have none of their own/ It does not look like a very authentic document, internal evidence is against its reception, but as it is vouched for by the editor in giving it the place of honor, perhaps it may pass. " Yon Borcke's Memoirs of the Confederate War" are the best papers in the number—full and interesting. The narrative is brought down to the battle of Antietam or Sharps burg. The Eclectic contains an admirable sketch of Chrysostom, with quotations from his works. Here is a picture of him: " Immense as was his power while living, and greater still and more extensive as his fame has been since his death, Chrysostom does not flatter the theory of those who demand a grand and imposing figure for the loftiest theory. He was low in stature; his head was big, but entirely bald; his forehead large and full of wrinkles; still more singular, his eyes were not prominent, but deep set, sunk inwards, though they are described as amiable and affectionate, nor does his man ner seem to have been that of which we speak as the " flood of eloquence"—it was the grandeur of expression, the holiness and parity of conception, united, of oourse, to voice of considerate flexibility and 'strength of tone; nor does he seem to have attempted to inflame the people by mnch action. He had great copiousness and plenty of words, infinite sweetness, and an impetus of soul and nervous energy which gave material strength to all his speech. The next paper is a very severe reprimand of Henry Edward, Roman Catholic Arch bishop of Westminster, whilom Archdeacon of Chichester in the Established Church of England. In Us work on " The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost," it is said that he, in a most flagrant and daring manner, libels the faith of all Protestant Christen dom, by impudently and arrogantly affirm ing that the rejection of the perpetual \ infallibility of the Romish Church is the rejection of the perpetual office of the Holy Ghost in the Church; and involves, not merely this, but the rejection at once of his temporal mission and his eternal procession. Milman's " History of Christianity," and Dickens' " Oar Mutual Friend," are also ably reviewed. The latter work is called Mr. Dickens' " Romance of a Dust Heap," being, the writer thinks, the, development and growth of what appeared in House hold Words, in 1860, on Dost Heaps. The Congregational topic is on " Playing at Doing Good"—admirably pointing out the wasteful expenditure of good purposes and abilities in the societies and religions efforts of the Christian world, Pnnch. —The Cowkeeper's Paradue— The Milky Way. " A thing the world would not willingly let dye."—A lady whose hair is already pretty-colored. Marriage Extraordinary.—Between a Dumb Waiter and a Still-room Maid. Scene.—Compartment of first-class car riage ; elderly lady in the middle; mamma with little Jessie on her lap in the next seat.—Jessie: "Mamma! why do all the tunnels smell so strong of brandy ? " The lady in the middle never was fund of children, and thinks she never met a child she disliked more than this one. A good game of Cricket.—Eleven bachelors play eleven spinsters at Lady's Ground, and the result is a tie. What bird may be said to poor forth, its notes f—A nightingale. Why can a nightingale be said to pour for her notes ?—Because she has a jog. The type of tbe Irish Rebellion.— Pike-a. Candid.—Gentleman: "I suppose you would like to have the key of the wine cellar. Butler (seeking a situation): "That entirely depends on the vintage, Sir!" , The Irish Republic which the Fenian traitors conspired to establish may, if re garded with reference to its objects, be considered a Bed Republic. Contemplated, however, with a view to the means and measures whereby the conspirators proposed to effect their design, it wore the national color, and was a Green Republic. A Sensible Complaint—Accounts from Paris, among last week's news, inform us that " the cholera is sensibly on the de cline." We rejoice to hear that the cholera is taking a course that shows so very much sense. The Royal Salute.—Officer in charge of battery (in a fever lest the time of firing should be a second late) : " Why, what are you about, No. 6 ? Why don't you serve the sponge?" Bombardier: "Hoots, toots! Can na' a body blaw their nose ?" A Pastoral.—How should a shepherd arrange his dress ? In folds. The Disputed Account—Britannia : " Claim for damages against me? Non sense, Columbia; don't be mean over money matters." New Books.—A Pennyworth of Potatoes, by the author oftlalf-a-million of Money. The Beadle of the Battlements, a sequel to the Constable of the Tower. Tomkin's Warm Evenings, by the author of Tom Brown's Cool Days. • Good news for the Navy.—The British sailor has from time immemorial had his grog; he is now to enjoy his Punch also. A novel, by Mr. Alfred Austin, is adver tised, entitled Won by a Head. We sin cerely trust that the reputation already gained by the young author will not be Lost by a Tale. Narrow Escape.—The Duke of Suther land fired up the other day ; we have since heard his grace was put out by afire man. Magnetic.— (Punch at the window of a telegraph office.) Gentleman: "Is it pos sible to send a kiss to Brighton ?" Clerkess: " Oh yes, Sir, but it must be repeatad two or three times to make quite sure." How to learn to love your enemies.— Play at croquet A scale native of Michigan is now denomi nated a Michigander, while his female mate is called a Michigoose. 