Dunedin -Regatta. [From tho Daltii Tlrnci.'] '. :' The Dunedin Regatta, took plaeo on Easter Monday,' and was, oh 'tho whole, !a most pleasant success. ...Tlib.^veather/ could not have boen finer for the .purpose ' There was a fresh northerly breeze during the forenoon, which stiffened most opportunely during the Mtuvi.iuw*., u-uit \,i«liiu XUUUU DUlUVnilUU IAJ - UJ1U eastward; and thero was an; agreeably warm sunshine. The screw steamer Star of tho South, tCapt. Bo'ndall, was' lent iis -the flagship. From, tho jetties to , the ilagship boats %yore swanniug all day ; .anil nearly everything like a boat fit' to carry, a sail was under, canvas. .'? The . following were the officers. :— Commodore, Capt W. Thomson; starter; Capt. Dickie'; judge. Cant. T. Kobertson ; umpire, Capt. Morris. The two sailing matches (thero was rip/ entry, for the third, watermen's boats) excited' much in terest. For .the yacht ^race, -there , were several boats well ' fancied ;' but tho Flirt,' when beating up to thestartiugline, suddenly upset. r Still there were ten boatsleft for the : yacht race, and verypretty indeed they looked beating out after the starting gun, and again once or twice when they drew together at' some of tho buoys. 'Tho Cygnet \vas th'e first to pass tho ilng-sbip after, going the* pre scribed twice round tho courso ; but'shewas not sufficiently, ahead of the Four Brothers to cover the time she was to allow, and the Four' Brothers was the winner. Tho amateur Four-oared Race was splendidly, contested, there being six starters. It is very rare that so thoroughly spirited and close a race is witnessed between three boats, as there was botween tho Glance,- the Shille lagh, and the , Colleen Bawn. The Colleen won, the Glanco; bbine 'second, 'with'n6t-'d- boatfs length between the two. Just before tho All-comers' Sailing Match, the wind freshened, and tho boats had really a lively breeze. The Blanch Barkly, the largest of tho lot, 11 tons, was -specially in favour by some of the residents at the Port ; but she was the third at tho finish, instead of being able to allow time. The Champion, 10 tons, was first in, but she could not spare tho necessary numbor of minutes to the Gauntlet, 5 tons, and tho latter was declared the winner. , But Captain M'Kinnon, owner of tho Champion, lodged a protest against the decision by the Commodore. An amateur pair-oaredrrace; six starters ; four-oared ship's Gigs Race, four starters ; Watetmen's Pair-oared Race, three starters ; Watermen's Four-oared Race, four starters ; and other minor events made up tho programme. '..-'' There has been some talk during tho week of a ' case' (with a view to a protest) being made against tho Ballaarat crow receiving their prize, on the ground that thby were riot amateurs' according to tho published con ditions. In order to discuss this, and' other matters in connection with accounts and Erizes, it was said that a meeting would bo old last night, at tho Freemasons' Tavern. The objects of the meeting, apparentlyj wore not sufficiently interesting to the committee, for up to nino o'clock thoro was no quorum. PIGEON SHOOTING-.::- Bal laarat. — According to advertisement, i some pigeon- shooting came off at tho Half Way. House, Sinythesdale rood, on Friday last, when a number of local celebrities were pre sent. The first prize was a silver tea Bervice, valuo £8 8s. ,: for . which ? seven- entered at ? 22s. Cd. each; BJnglo or double guna; ljoz. shot, 21 yards riso ; double guns, l|oz. shot, 19 yards rise; five birds each; For this match (Hunt, Taylor, aud Clarke tied at four birds each, and on shooting off Hunt killed, and tho other two missing left .'Hunt tho winner ; Taylor taking a copper tea kettle as second prize, and Clarke saving his stake. Of three £3 sweeps, three birds each, W. Bignell won two, and Harrison one ; and - of two sweeps, £2 10s. each, Bignell took one, and Harrison tho other, which closed.a good day's sport The birds were regular raspers,: and none but tho crack Bhots stood the ghost of a chance against them. The once famous Ballaarat Pigeon Shooting Club' has sunk into decadence, but the fire of the British sportsmen is as ardent as ever, and as times improve tho lovo of this particular, sport will, no doubt improve with them, and a re-organisation of tho club bo- brought about ?.''?'.?'?' '?? . \ SlATcn at tub Oiwille Hotel. — The- match ; on. Wednesday . attracted' a .goodly number of the local sportsmen. There, were three prizes to bo shot for, the first £7, tho second £5,- and tho third £3. From the sub joined score it will bo seen that there were ten entries. Blenheim carried away tho first prize, and Young-and Aldridgo divided the second and third':— Poole, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1 — 5 ; Marsden,' 0, 0, 0, 0— drawn ; Young, 1, 1, 0,1, 1, 1, 1—6; Blenheim, 1, 1, 1, L, 1, 1, 1—7 j.Pettit 1, 0, 0, 1, 0— drawn; Al dridgc.0, 1..1, 1, 1, 1, 1—0; Blenheim, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0—4; Wilson, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1-4; White, 0, 0, 0-drawn ; Scott, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1; 1, 0 — 5. After tho match thero was: shooting for sweepstakes. : , .: FOOTBALL.— A general meeting of the members of the Melbourne Football Olub will be held at the Freemasons' hotel at eight o'clock on Tuesday evening. As the success of the season depends; in a great measure, upon the efficiency of the office bearers and committee, it is hoped that the meeting will be numerously attended. It is proposed to hold a meeting of delegates from the various clubs to frame rules for the Athletic Sports Committee's Challenge Cup in the course of a few days. Mahriaqe oy Miss Darling.— Tho mar riaco ceremony was porformed on Thursday at Toorak, by tho I/ord Bishop of Molbourno, between MiBs Darling, the daughter of his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, and Captain Tyler, R.A. Tho bride was attendee by eight bridesmaids, but tho ceremony -ru per formed with unusual privacy. 