ATi\\[MA.)ALE. BY WILIKE COLLINS. BOO1)K THlE I'OUItTIT.-CHAPITf?R II. i\NEcu entered the roon, carrying tile try with the ton, the dry least, and toe pat of laltor whioh comIposed the invalid's invariable brankfolst. " What does this mnann ? " asked ir . Milroy, speaking and looking n a ls silo might iave spokelon and looked if thie wrong servannt had come into the roonm. Noolio put thle try down on lhe lIodlsido table. " tlhoughlt I "slould like to bring yon u1 your' breonkfast, manman, for once in a wnyg," slo replied; "end I asked Racleol to lot me." " Come here," sanid Mrs. Milroy, "nnd wish me good- mnlorning." Neoli nboiled. As shio stooped to kiss her mnotlior, Mrs. Mailroy caught her by tim arm nd turned lher rougily to tihe light. Thorl wore loilnii signs of disttrlmnoe andi dlistress in lher dnughtior's fei,. A donally thrill of tnrror ran through Mrs. Milroy on tLio instant. Sln 0nt10c0tedv that 1th0n olning of tlhe letter had boon (liscovered ly Miss (Gwilt, land that the nllrseo was keeping out of thlo way in conse quenco. "Lot me go, miammn," 0Lid Nnolio, shrink ing uinder iher mothr's grasp. "' You hurt me1." "Taoll me why y0 halve broughlt up imy bLronkfist thise morning," Iperlsisted Mrs. _1ilroy. " lhave toll yeou, imnlanlln." " You have not I You. have made an ex ceiso-I s1o it in yoeur fioe. Comeol what is it!" Noolio's resolution gave wny hofore her inother's. Slhe looked aside unonsily at tlie things in the tray. "I have been vexoed," oli said with aon effort; " andi I dildn't want to stop in the breakfast-room. I wanted to come lp hlore antil spnlr to yollu." "Voxed? Who ha.o vexod you? What lins hlnppeond ? Hans Miss Gwilt anything to do with it?" Neolio looked round again at lher mnotlher in sudden curiosity and anlu'm. " Mammna I" she said, "'you road my thoughtso-" deolro you frighteon me. It was Miss Gwilt." Be3ofore Mrs. Milroy could03s ' a wolrd lmore on loer side, the door opened andtl the nurse looked in. " IHave you got Whallta you want?" slo nsked as composedly as usual. " Miss, there, insisted on taking your trny up this mor'ning. 'Ina sheo broken nythling?" "Go to the window-I want to sponkl to lRachllol," said Mrs. Milrloy. As soon as Inr daugltOr's Iacck wasn turned, lho bookoned eagerly to the nurse. " Any thinig wrong ? " she slkd nill a whispor. "Do youl think shle nullpoets ? is The norso turneld away, with lher hlardl neeorin smile. " I toldt you it should be done," silo said, "nnd it has boon done. She _ lasn't tile ghost of a sasllsicion. : I waited im tho rioom- and I saw her take up the lotter and0 open it." lirs. Milroy drew n dep breaoth of relief. " Thank you," selo saidl, loud enoughi for hler daughlter to Ilear. " I want nothing more." 'Tlhe nurse witlldrouv; and Neolio came back fiom thel window. Mrs. Milroy took lher by tile landl, anit looked at inher more kindly and more attentively than usual. IHer daughllter inuterested heor that mnorning-for linr daughter hadil something to say on the sunbjet of MIiss Owilt. " I used to think yel promised to bo pretty, child," slhe said, cautiously resuming the interrupted conversantion in the loneast direct way. "But youl don't seem to bo keeooping your promise. You look out of heailth and out of slirits-what is the matter with you ?" If theoro had boeen any sympathy between soother and child, Neelio might have owned the truth. She might have solaid frankly, " I amn looking ill becamo my life is miserablel to mno. I ass fond of Mr. Armnadale·, and Mr. Armndalo was once fond of moe. We lnhad one little disagreeoomont, only one, in which I was to blame. I wanted to toll him so at the time, and I have wanted to tell himn so over sinoe-and Miss Gwilt stands betwoeen us and prevents me. She has made us like strangers; she has altered lim and taken him away from me. lie doesn't look at me as nhe did; he doesn't speak to me as he did; and he is never alone with mee as lee nsed to be; I ncan't any tihe words to himn tlhat I long to say; and I can't write to hime, for it woild look as if I wanted to got him back. It is all over between me and Mr. Armadnlo,--and it is thalnt woman's fIhlt. There is ill-blood be tween Miss Gwilt and me the whole day long; and say what I many, and do what I may, she always gets tie bette' of me, snd nlvnays phts me in the wrong. Everything I saw at Thorpe-Ambrose pleased me, everytlhing I did at Thorpe- Ambrose mnade me happy, bo fore shle cnme. Nothing pleases moe sind notling meakos me haplpy now!" If Noeelio henl over been accestomed to ask her mother's advice and to trust horsolf to bler mother's love, she might lhave said suchl words as these. As it was, the tears canto into lher eyes aned abo hung Iler lhned is silence. "Comee!i" ' sisI Mrs alilrsoy, hie''inteinss to lose peatience. " Yen lInes ease osthnis to say to ieee eheouet Misn Geilt. Wlnat in it.? " Noelie forced back the tears andt made an effort to answe'r. "She aggravates me beyond endurance, enamma; I can't eonar lher; I shall do someia thingi- " Neelio stopped alnd stemied hlr' foot angrily on the floor. "I shall throw something at iher head if we go on mehcl longer like this! I shoulnd have thrown somenothing this mbrniniag if I hadn't lef't the room. Ob, do speak to papa about it! do find out someo reason for sendineg Iler away I I'll go to school-I'll ido anything in tie world to get rid of Miss Gwilt'i" To get rid of Miss Gwilt! At those worlds -at that echo from her daueghter's lips of the one dlomilnant desire kept secret in her own hanrt--Mlrs. Milroy sluwly raised heorself in the bed. Wlhit did it mean? Veas tohe help sllo wanted comisg firom the very last of all quartors iln wvhlch ise coeell hlave thought of looking for it? " Why dlo 'yol want to get rid of Miss Owlilt " aibo nasktel, " Whst have you got to complahi of ? " " Notllhing I" snid Nioolleo, " Thllat's tie nagravalon of it, Misc fwilt wen't lot mes !h, vO arytlhng to oonsp.nin of, She i lpor. fotily toioostlbblo t stel is drlvicg In eIeadl nltl sIto 14 lhe phltl of lropl(ley ,ll the tlu, I dtira #ny It'c Wrolly bt' t I d14 't 'tr --I Iate Jwt'l" tis, Mlilroy'. o'0 . qtloilostol, lIst' tlalulil0r't il us o Il0oy I'llull levucr qllt0sllo011l it yet. T'hore was somsethling under the sur face, ovidently-something which might Ihe of vilnal importance to her own purpose to dis cover-wlwhichl had not riseon into view. She went on probing her way gently deeper and deeper into Neelia's mindt, with a warmer eand warmer interest in Nuceli's secret. " Pour me out a cup of tean," she said; "andl don't excite yourself, my ldenar. Why do you slpeak to mo abont this? why don't yoat sapea to your fiathler ?" I have trinld to lspeak to papa," said Nenolio. " lBut it is no use; he is too good to know what a wrotch ohio is. She is always on her boat bohaviour with him; aile is always contriving to bo useful to him. I cann't nmalne him inunderstanl why I dislike Miss Gwilt--I only understatnd it myself." She tried to po'ur out the ten, and in trying ulpsot the cti,. "'ll go downstaira againl!" exclainimedt Neelie, with a ursat of tears. " I'm tnot lit for any thiig-I can't even pour out a cup of tea l" Mrs. Mil'oy seized her hand and stopped her. 'ITrifling nas it was, Neelin's reference to the relations between the major and. Miss Gwilt had roused lier mother's roeady jealousy. The restraints which Mris. Milroy haid laid on borseoll thus fir vanished in the presence of a girl of sixtoeen, and that girl her own child I " Wait hereo l" she said, engerly. "You haven conoe to the right place andi the right person. Go on abusing MIiss Gwilt. I lilkte to hear you-I hIate her too I" "Yolu, mamma !" exclnimedl Neelie, looln ing at her mother in astonislhment. For a momenn t Mir?. Milroy hesitated before aole said mnore. Some last-left in atinct of hero married lifo in its earlier anld hlappier time plealdedtl hard with bher to respect the youth andl the sex of her child. Bit ioalonay respeocts nothing, in tihe ihonvei aboveo i andl on the earthl beneoatlh; nothing blit itself. The slow fire of self torment burninig night andl day in the miser ablo woman's breast, flashed its deadnly light into lher eyes, as the next words dlropped slowly and vonomously firom her lips. "If you had lhad eyes in your hland you would never have gone to yoir father," slihe. said. "Your fittlher has reasons of his own for hearing nothing that you can any, or that anybody can aiy, against Miss Gwilt." M"any girls at Noneelie's ago would have failed to see the meaning bidden uinder tlhose words. It was the daughter's misfolbrtuno, in tlhis instlance, to have hadl experionce enoughi of the miothler to understanld her. Noelie atarted back from the bedside with her fiace in a glow. "Mamma I " she anidl, "you are talluig Ihorribly i Papa is the hobest anld deon est andl iielest--ohe, I won't hear it i-I won't lheari. !" Mrs. Milroy's fierce temper irolcn out in an instant-broke out all the morn violently from her fooling hIelself, in spite of Iherself, to have been in the wrong. "You imlutdeet little fool!" slho retorted furiously, " do yos think I want yon to re mind mie of what I owe to your father ? Am I to lonearn how to spenkl of your father, and hlow to thlink of yotrt ftather, atd how to love and honour yoit' fatleor, fioom a forward little minx like youe ! I was fluely disappointed, I can toll you, when you were horn-I wished for a boy, you impudent hussy I Ifyou over find a man whlo is fool enouughl to matry you, lhe will be a lucky man if you only love him half as well, a lquarter aos well, a hundred thousandth part as well as I loved your father. Alt! you can cry when it's too late; SOIs can comn? reensines sn' to' bart ' y?or1 Iother,'s pardo ron .ter u ?r ave ? ~iulted 'hor.1 You little dowdy, half- grown oreature! II was handsomor tlan over you will be wheon I mnrried your father-I would havo gone through fire and water to servo yolur father I If ho hlnd askeod mo to cut off one of my arms I would havo done it-I would havo done it to ploaso hIim '1" She turned suddenly with her hoo to the wnll- forgotting her daughter, forg'etting her huaband, forgetting everyv thing but tho torturing remeombranco of.hor lost beauty. "Mey arms1" sho repeated to horself, faintly. " What arms I had when I was ysng i" Sheo anntolhed up the sleovo of hoer dressing-gown filrtively, with a slhuddor. "Oh, look at it now ! look at it now ! " Neelio fell on her knees at the bodoide and hid Iher tie. In sheer despair of finding comfort and help anywhmere else, she had east hloersolf impulsively on her mother's mercy and this was how it had. ended!I "Oh, mamma," she pleaded, "you know I didn't mean to offend you ! I couldn't help it when you spoke so of my father. Oh, do, do, for give me." Mrs. Milroy turned again on her pillow and looked at her danghter vacantly. " For give you 7" she repeated, with her mind still in the past, groping its way back darkly to the ipresent. " I beg your pardon, manmma-I beg your pardon on my knees. 1 am so unhappy; I do so want a little kindness! Won't you for. give me1?-" "Wait a little," rejoined Mrs. MIilroy. " Alh,'" sho said, after. an interval, "now I know ! Forgive you? Yes--I'll foi'givo yu on oto condition." She liftedt Neolio's litnd and looklt her searchingly in the face. "TIell m why you hate Miss G0wilt! You've a reason ol your twn for hating her and you halven't confessed it yet." Neelie's heald dropped again. Thle burning colotri that she was hildig' by liditig her fice shotwed itself on her necko. HIer mother saw it and gave her time. "Toll me," reiteratedl M'rs. MIilroy, more gently, " why do you hiate her?" 'lThe anstwer can reluctantly, a word at a time, inl fragmenits. "Because she is trying- " "'Tr'ying what?" "1Try?iug to make somebody who is much-" " Mucoh what?" "Much too young for her- " "Marry her?" " YOes, maimmna." Breathlessly initerosted, Mrs. Milroy loaned forward, nd twinedl her hand onaressingly ili liher ilughlter's hair. "\Vho is it Neolio?" she asked in a whispr. "You will never cay I told you, mammna?" " Never ! YWho is it?" " Mr. Animdulue," lrs., Mlilroy loauoted bck on oher pillow in duaid t ih l e, The phlin bt,'trsyail of her dnughter's Ilirst love, by liher dtniltuer's owvi Ili,0, which wotlti tlava albhrhdl the whole Iritolliool onf olithelr lnoatlls, filed to occupy lsr let' ti mttoitnsut, lirat jotlney, dlutartitg tIl tlhigAs to lt its owt n oiiiluthlits, wte Ititld lit dlistortltig slcli sht hIl Jllst Jtrtl, " A nlllll," tshu lthoullhlt, ", whlr his declivolhd mty girl. It dloesn't ldeceive me. Is Miss Gwilt likely to succeed ?" she asked aloud. " Does Mir. Armadiale show any sort of interest in her ? " Neolin looked ulip at her mother for tile first time. The hardest port of the confession was over now-she hod revealed tihe truth ibolt Miss Gwilt and she had openly mentioned Allhn's name. " Hie shows the most unaccountable in torest," she said. "It's impossible to under stand it. It's downright infituation-I haven't patience to talk about it!" "1How do you come to be in MIr. Arma dnle's sccrets ?" inqeired Mrs. Milroy. "'ins hre informed you, of all the people in the worll, of Iris interest in Miss Owilt?" "Mo I" exclaimredl Neelio, indtlignantly. "TIt's quite bad enough that hle should have told papa. At the re-appearance of the major in the narrative, Mrs. Milroy'sinterest in thi con versation rose to its climax. SIhe risedil heir self again fiom the pillow. " Got a chair," shle said. "Sit dlown, child, and tell me all about it. Every word, mind-every word I" "I can only tell yoell mammn, what ppap told me." "Whlen?" "Saturtday. T went in with papa'slunch to thle workshopl,, anl hlo said, 'I have just had a visit from MI'. Armadale; and I want to give you a caution whlile I think of it.' I dlidn't say anything, mamma-I only waited. Papal went on, and told me that Mr. Arm, dblo had hieoon speaonking to him on thle suhject of Miss Gwilt, and that he had been asking a question aboeither whiclhnoboldy in his poesi. tion hadl a right to ask. Papa said lhe hd beeoon obliged, good-hnmouredly, to warn Mr. Armdalne to be a little more delicate, and a little moreo careful next time. I didn't feel much interested, manmlnman-it didn't matter to me what Mr. Armodale said or did. Why slioill I carno about it ?" "Never mind youlrself," interposed MIrs. Milroy, sharply. "Go on witlh vlint yoar fiather said. What was he doing when he was talking about Miss G-wilt? How did he look? " "l? ch as usanl, mamnli. H- wa s wallk ing ip and down tile wor'kshop; andt I took his arm andt walked ipand down with him." " I don't care what you were doing," soaid Mrs. Milroy, more and more irritably. " Did your ththor tell you wlhat Mr. Armntldale's question was-or' did he not ? " "Yes, mamma.. He said IMr. Armadale begann by mentioning that hle was very much interested in loiss Giwilt, and lhe then wenton to ask whelher papa could toll him anything atbout lher fiunily misfortunes--" "What !! " crliedl Mrs. Milioy. The word burst frolm heir ilmost in a scream, and tlie wvhlite enamnl on hier face cnracked in all dlirections. , Mr. A'nrmadauh said that? " she went on, leaning out farther ind frthei' over the sideo of the boled. Neeolie sntarted up and trliedl to put lher mo tlher ibanck on thie pillow. "Mlamma !" she exclanilomed, "are you in pain? ar-oyou ill ? You frighten me !." "Nothing, nothing, nothing," said Mr's. Milh'oy. She was too violently agitnated to akes any othcr timhan thle cenlmonest excuse. " My norves ared bad this miorning-- don't notice it. I'll try theis other side of thle pillow. Go on! go on I I'm listening,though I'm not leolting at you." Slhe turned hlert lace to tile wall, and elenahed :her trembling hannds. eonvlsiovely beneath the bed- clothes. " I've got her!" sla whisperedtl to herself, under her blreath. " I've got her at last ?" " I'm afraid I've oon touting too much,'" said Neelie; "I'm afraid I've been stopping here too long. Shall I go downstairs, mam ma, and comue back later in the day?" "Go on," repeated Mrs. Milroy, meohan ically. " What did your father say next? Anything more about hMr. Armadale ?" "Nothing more, except how papa anoswered him," replied Neelio. "Papa repeated his own words whlen lhe told me about it. He. said, 'tin the absence of any confidence volun teered by the lady hIorself, MIr. Armadale, all I know or wish to know-and you must ex cose me for saying, all any one else need know or wish to know-is, that Miss Gwilt gave me a perfectly satisfactory reference beore sheo entered my house.' - Severe, mammn, wasn't it? I don't pity him in the least-he richly dtleserved it. The next thing was papa's caution to me. IHe told me to choeek Mr. Armadale's curiosity if he applied to me next. As if he was likely to apply to me! and as if I should listen to him if he did ! That's all, mamma. You won't sup Ipose, will you, that I have told y6u this becaunse I want to hinder Mr. Armadale from miarrying Miss Gwilt? Let him marry her if heo pleases-I don't cnre! " said Neelie, in a voice that fialtered a little, and with a face which was hardly composed enoogh to be in perfect harnmony with a declaration of indiffer ence. "All I want is to be relieved from the isery of having Miss Gwilt for my governess. I'd rather go to school. I should like to go to school. My minld's quite changed about all that-only I haven't the heart to tell papn. I don't know what's come to me-I don't seemu to have heart enough for anything now--und when papam takes me on his knee in the evening, andt says ' let's haIve a talk, Neelin,' hie makes meo cry. Woold you mind breaking it to himt, mamma, that I've changed my aind, and I want to go to school?" 'liThe tears rose tbickly in her eyes, and she 'failed to see that heor miother Iover oven turned on the pillow to look round at hier. "Yes, yes," said Mrs. Milroy, vacantly. "You're a good girl; you shall go to school." The cruel brevity of tihe reply, and the tone in which it was spoken, told Neolie plailly that her mother's attention had been wander ing flir away from her, and that it was useless and needless to prolong the interview. She turned aside quietly, without a word of remonstrance. It was nothing new in her experience to find herself shut out from her mothler's sympathies. She looked at her eyes in the glass and, pounrieg out some cold water, bathed her faice. " liss Owilt shan't see I've boont crying!" thought Neolid, as she went back to thie bedside to tltko hier leave. " I've tired you out, manmna," she saidl gently. " leot tmte go now ; and let tie scoitme bnnk a little later wohen you have had sote rest," "Yos," repeated Iter teother, as mnoohanie. ally as over; "a little Inter whs I havo haind eotIte rest,"' N'eelie left the reo, T'I'he milute after tli ldoor hlnd closeld oi her lMrs, ?lilhoy rno y the bhll lor hter t 7ue;' Inh the lhso of the inrri tive sheo hd J.ust hoard, int the fhon of overy roanontble estihste of Ir'ollbiiillless asoe hoal; to heIr own jotlotus oithtoel one as lunuly os ever. " Mr. Armnadal may believe her, and my daughter may ielieve her," thought the fur·ious woman. "But I know the major and sihe can't deceive mel!" 'rThoe nurse came in. "Prop me up," said Mrs. Milroy. "And give me my dlesk. I want to write." "Yoi'ro excitted," replied the nurse. " You're not fit to write." "Give me the desk," reiterated MIrs. Millroy. "Apnything more?" askelod Rnchel, re pieating her invariable formula as she placed the desk on the bed. "Yoes. Come banck in half-an-hour. I shall want you to talke a lettei tothle great house." 'The nurso's sardonic composure deserted her for once. " Mercy on us ! " sho enxclaimedl with an naccent of genuine surprise. " What next? .You ldoi't mean to say you're going to write-? " " I am going to write to Mr. Armadale," intorposoedl Mirs. Milroy; "antl you are going to take the letter to hirh and wait for an answer-and, mind this, not a living soul bIut our two selves must kInow of it in the homse." " Whly are you writing to Mr..Armadale?" askted IRachel. " And why is nobody to'know of it but our two selves? " "Wait," rqjoined Mrs. 1lilroy; "and you will soee." 'The nurse's curiosity, being a woman's enriosity, ldeclined to wait. "I'll help you with miy eyes open," she snaidt. " But I won't help you blindfold." "Oh, if I only had the uise of my limbs " groanetd Mrs. Milroy. "You wrotch, if I ceouldt only do without you !" "Ydu have the use of your head," retorted the impenetrablo nurse. " And you otught to know better than to trust me by halves at this time of day." It was brutally put; but it was trun loubly true after the opeoning of Miss Gwilt's letter. Mrs. Mil'roy gave way. " What do you want to know?" she nlsked. "'Toll me--antd leave me." "I want to know what you are writing to Mr. Armadale ahiout?" . "About Miss Gwilt." "What has Mr. Armadale to do with yot and Miss Gwilt ?" Mrs. Milray held up the letter whiclh had ban retutrned to her by the authorities at thie post-office. f Stoop," she said. "Miss Gwilt may be listeting at the door. I'll whisper." : The nurse stooped, with her eye on thue leooer. ":You- know that the postman wont with this letter to Kingtlsdown Crescent?"..snid Mrs. MilrOy. "And you know tlrat he foittd MIs. Mandevillo gone away, nobody could toll ivhere ?" " Well," whispoered Rachel, "whar t next ?'' "This next. When Mr. Armadtale gets the letter that I am going to writo to him, he will. followt the same road as the postmnan anld we'll see what happens twhen he-knocks at Mrs. Mandeville's door. " [owt do you get him to thie door ?" " I tell him to go to Miss Gwilt's refer enoe." " Is lie sweet on Miss Gwilt? " S,"Yes."? " Ah ! " said the nurso.. " I see !" (lb obe contitnuedl.) A now colonial bishopric has boeen formed for Australia. The Earl of Oaithness, Lord Olormont, and Lord Athiummy have been made Peors of England. The court of inquiry on the ioss of tile P. and O. steamer Jeddo ]have suspended the captain's certificate for six months. The Wesleyan MeIothodists built a hall in Bishopsgateo-stroet. a freehold, which cost them £35,000. They have been recently offered £157,000 for the property. AoED TsEEs.-We are told that in 1810 a noted tree, the Golynos oakr, was felled near Newport, Monmouthshire. It was 28l.ft. in circumforence, it8 bark sold for £200, its timber for £670; the rings (400) encircling its trunk indicated that it had continued growing 400 years. The far famed red oak of Mount Etna was of pre cisely the same ago. Four hundred years appears a venerable ago even for a tree. Still there woro many the longevity of whichl was greatly in excess of it, among the most celoebrateod of which wore the following: Fig tree in Damascus, 648 years; the Pescian olive tree, 700; olive tree in Pales tine, 719; olive tree in Asia Minor, 850; the Louisanean oakl (still living), 1000; yew trees of Fountain Abbey, 1200; yew trees of Crowhurst, Yorkshire, 14100; sycamore of IIeliopolis, 1805; cedar of Mount Labanon, 2112; yew of Fotleringay, Scotland, 2500; yoew of B3raburn, Kent, 3000 ; sycamoro of the Bosphorus, 4020. The cypress of Taxo dinne, in Mexico, is said to be more than, 5000 years old. Its circumference was 117 ft. 10 in. A STRA?xoE C~AEEn.-Amongst the can didatos who are soliciting the trustees of Goosnargh Hospital for decayed gentlefolk, Preston, to listen to tlheoir prayers, and .to grant them the place now vacant, is one whoso case is rtmarkable-so remnarkable that it would have moved the sympathies of the worthy founder, Dr. Bushell, had he been living to superintend the instittion. The story cannot be understood without.its proface, and therefore it is hero supplied. At about the same time that Dr. B3ushell died, a gay man of high birth married a lady of distinguished origin-the Lady Lucy Montagn, one of the sisters of tlhe last Earl of Halifax-an honour, by the way, recently revived and bestowed upon a gentleman who lhas no pretensions to any relationship with the MIontaguos. Of this union, the offsprinhg consisted of a boy and a girl, the mother dying whilo they were infants, and the father speedily marrying again. Heartless noss was oven moro common in the age of George II. tlhan it is at the present time. It is related of that monarch that hie was pllaying at whist when a note was thrust into his hand informing him of the decease of his oldest son, Frodorick, Prince of Wales, and that lhe curtly whispored in German to his royal lpouse, sitting at the tablo. "Frilts ist todt " (Fred is dead) continuing the game with his usual stolid indifference of man noer. The Fritz was a boon companion of thie fitthor of thie two children left without a mothetr, as just related, and in honor of hiti thie boy was nanied 1reodorick. 'Thlo dauighter was Inntled LIlsoy after lier mother, Ilothi wors placed with a ihstor-mother namsed Bradly, a draper and tailor, thiean lvtig In Flhohgeto, lroeston, 'Thi boy was takle in hanuid oby hl flthoer (who was re~atdo4 the first Earl of Guildford), and became an eminent statesman, woll-known as Lord North. Thle girl was adopted by her mnother's sisters, tile Ladies Montngu, and by them educated at Busby Iouso, thelon the residence of their brother-Georgo Dunrk, the third Earl of Hialifax. Her fate was melancholy and romantic. Her uncle, the earl, was one of the lords of the admiralty, and was waited upon by a Mr. Bott, one of thle officials, who succeeded in winning the affections of young Lady Lucy North. But all meancs wore hlad recourse to for the pur pose of chocking the progress of the affair, and they succeeded. In the sad revulsion of feeooling thus occasioned the disappointed girl sought the counsels of her foster-mother, Mrs. Bradley. At thattimo young Bradley, the son of tile Mr. Bradloy mentioned above, was lodging with his relative. He was thus thrown in contact with Lady Lucy North; le soon proposed to iher, and in less than a wooeek after they wero married at Keith's Chapol, May Fair, London. The married pair wore very young; the husband was probably eighteen, and the wife did not ex ceed that ago. They settled in this town the sister of an English premier and the daughtor of an earl being the wife of a Proston tradosman. One of her daughters married Mr. James Thompson, dyer, formerly of WVater-stroet, another (the youngest) married MIr. Kemp, whoso daughlter, Miss Kemp, is now petitioner for tie vacant place in Government Hospital. Pi'oston'Ohroniclo. A CoemINED TRATSLATION OF TIIE BIBLE. -=The principal representatives now in Paris of the Catholic, Protestant, and Jowishl persuasions havo agreed to undertakle mutually and fraternally a now translation of the Holy Scriptures. The first meeting took place on Thursday evening at the Sorbonne. The crowd was frightfeel. I ieard it assorted (says the correspondent of tie Star) that two thonsand persons were crushed into the hemicyle, whlichl appears impossible, but certainly I hlavo seldom witnessed so densely packed an assemlily. M. Amadeo Thierry presided, and opened tie proceedings by a very good speech, in which le dwelt specially on the penseo oloeveoo of the society. The secretary, a Protestant pastor (M. Potavol), read a re port, which was probably very savant, but certainly not of general interest. He was followed by M. de Noirlieu, Catholic curate of St. Louis d'Antin; .Pastor Vallotto, Rabbi Astrin, and several others spoko suc cossively, and agreed in the importance of thie work, and in stating that as they mot solely for the purpose of giving tie world a liberal, translation of the Holy Scriptures, tlheir religious differences could by no means interfere with the conscientious performance of tho task they hlad undertaken. Another corrospondent says:--"The society, com posed of Jews, Catholics, and Protostants, wlhich has been formed in Paris for the pur pose of preparing a new translation of the Bible, includes among the principal mom bers MM. Montalombert, Cremieux, and Grafry, Father Hyacinthe, the chief rabbi, and Prince Lucione Bonaparte." The soubjoined is a somoewvhart detailed no ·count of the opposing forces that may be arroyed agtainst each othei in Germanyv: The Austrian atrmy, on the foil war footing, is said to consist of:-1. Infantry of the line 80 regiments, of three field battalions and one. depot battalion each ; and 839 battalions of ceasours. With the fifth battalion, which tie Emneror has just ordered to be formed in eaih regiment, and the depot detachment to be formed for each of tithe 32 battalions of ,hassenrs, these two branches of the Austrian infantry will number 500,000 fighting men. There are besides 14 regiments of frontier in fsntry and one regiment of Tyrolese rifles, numbering altogether about 55,000; this gives a grand total of 555,000 foot. 2. CPvalry-l12 regiments of cuirassiers, 2 of dragoons, 14 hussars, and 13 lancers: ablout 53,000 horse. 8. Field artillery-12 regi ments of artillery, andc' regiment ofrocketoers; 35,000 men with 25,000 horse. 4. Scientific corps-2 regiments engineers and 0 battalions pioneers; 16,000 men. 5. Sanitary corps 12 companies, 2400 men. Adding to these about 1000 life guards, 10,000 gendarmes, military police, &C.;, and 24,000 train, we arrive at a grand total of some 715,000, in round numbers. It must be borne in mind, however, that there are some 35,000 Vene tians in the Austrian army, and that the de fence of Venetia, with the Tyrolese Passes, &c.;, requires some 200,000, besides 50,000 for Fiune and the Dalmatian coast; while considerable corps of observation must be sta tioned in Transylvania and in Galicia. On the other Iand, it should not be omitted here that timhe recall of the men who have served their time, and thie raising of volunteer corps, might yield an addlitional force of 400,000 men. We find, accordingly, that Austria might, in case of urgent need, by straining every nerve, put into thie field above a million of troops The Prussian army, upon the full war footing, is said to consist of--1. Guards -9 regiments (108 companies), or about 28,000 men, with 0 supplemental or depot battalions, 0000 men. 2. Infantry--a, LinRe, 12 regiments grenadiers, 8 fisiliers, and 52 of the line, 210 battalions, or 220,000-in round numebers, with 79 snpplomental battalions, 72,000; 10 battalions rifles, 10,000; with 10 supplemental companies, 2500; b, lanodwehlr, or militia, 12 battalions of guards. 104 provincial battalions, and 10 supplemental batta:ions rifles, numbering altogether about 125,000 men. This gives a grand total of some 406,000, in round numbers, officers not included. 3. Cavalry - 11 regiments cuirassiers, 11 regiments dra goons, 18 hussars, 20 lancers (including guards, line, and landsvehr) the whole nutm bering about 48,000 Iorse. 4. Artillery~ 9 brigades of field artillery, with about 000 pieces and 28,000 men. 5. Scientific Corps 0 battalions pioneers, 10,000. 0. Train-0 battalions 80,000 men. Adding to these some 40,000 more for officers, artillery of the inndwehr (24,000), workmen's companies, we., we arrive at a grand total of about 090,000, in roundl nmlmbers, to which the calling oat of thie second hand of the land webr mighit ndd some 100,000 moru. By raisinglg volmuntesrs and by oanliling out the more valid portion of the so-called Landetrum, tihe grandi total of the I'Prssian forces might bt swelled to a tmillionof men. The middln andi mtuiller states of the German Oenildeeration may lput into tih fieltd alout 850,000, andl in ase oIf urgent neould itrhtllps 00,000 more, 'lita lt'lny ttlnd navy of Ituly is eslimntted as follows: -The srmuiy of Italy, ol a watr fltt lng, mty be r'ii~sel to thle ltoil stenelgib of 700,000 meon; oxclslvo of a corpjs of 14000 clustom-house officers, who are trained to inilitary service, and of the volunteer or free corlps, whose number it is impossible to esti mnate, but whose solrvices are of incomparable morol as well as material value. The avail. able naval force of Italy at the present ,nomont is reportetl to comprise 14 first.rate ormoared steam-friigates, and 10 armoured second-rates, 12,480 horse-power, and 448 gunso; 20 screw and 25 paddle frigates, or corvottes; 23 steam transports, and 11 dis patch or gunboats. The whole force, ermoured and unarmouredl, representh 80,210 horse-power, 1321 guns, 28,847 men, and 187,077 tonnage. Tile creation of this con siderable force, which places Italy at the head of tihe naval powers of the second order, andl in a condition of overwhelming superiority to Austria, has cost withiu the last five years, a sum of £4,2?G4,000. A short time ago some very interesting unpnblished letters of Lord Byron were sold at one of the London auction- rooms. A docu. ment, described in the catalogue as contain. ing " interesting details and reflections," gives a curious picture of one of Byron's many courtships. "I wiis determined to be: valiant,'" says the wrliter to Mlr. IHodgson, i" and con. verse with sang-froid ; btt, instead, I forgot my valour and my snonchalanc and never opened my lips even to laugh, far less to speak, and the lady was almost as absuird as myself." In another he gives a descrliption of Fanlmouth:---" The town contains many Quakers arid saltfish. The women-blessedl be the corporation therebfor --nre flogged at the cart's tail when they pick and steal." The letter closes with the followi:og charaster istic sentence:-" I leave England without regret; I shall return to it without pleasure. I am like Adam, the first conviot sentenced to transportation; ibut I have no Eve, and have eaten no apple but what was sour as a crab." One dated October 11th, 1811, signed B., has this.remark:-"I am like the Evangelical definition of the wind, whlich goeth (bloweth) where it listethl, but no man knows whence it cometh or when it returneth. Not having the fear of Phmebus before mine eyes I shall send you a parcel on for W. Jones's Gazel of Hatih." Another has this strange scrap about Burns:-" Will you tell Drery * I hliave a treasure for him-a whole set of original B3orns's letters, never published or to be published, for they are fill of fearful oaths and tile most nauseous songs, all humorous, but coarse. * * However, they are curiosities, aid show him quite in a now point of view. * * The mixtnre, or rather contrast, of tenderness, delicacny, ob scenity, and coarseness, in the same mind, is wonderf'll." INTERESTING LOVE LETTER WRITTEN IN A SENSATIONAL~ STYLE.-My dear Emma, By the relentless intervention of the invisible handl of Providence, I have been prevented firom precipitating myself at your feet for the entire absolution of the collectaneous calumny which has been so slanderously conglomerated upon tihe unblotted andt unsophisticated flac of my stainless reputation, and with which I have been so maliciously circumvallated that I apprehend the most mountainous, colossal, herulanean difficulties in perfectly discar cerating myself fiom the criminous machina tion in which I have been so unmercifully im mured, that I was fenarfully apprehensive that I was most inextricably involved. But ah! my most superhurmn fair one, I have been so unutterably bedazzled by the luminous eman ation and sun-like effulgence nf your charms, that, notwithstanding the acrimonious crim inations that have been superinduced upon my character, I am again induced to obtrude myself into your presence. Do not for a mo ment doubt the moveless stability and fathom less profundity of my love; for the flammife vous monocular autocrat of to-day shall cease to irradiate the umbrageous recesses of the forest, the translucent queen of night shall cease to perambulate the diaphanous and stelliferous concavity of the cerulean heavens, the horizonous boanion of heaven's horrific artillery shall cease to bellow forth its terrific peals, the forky corruscation of heaven shall discontinue to blaze forth its sulphrous igne ons faulgor from the ignivimous cloud, before my love shall be extinguished. Could the manifestation of the keenest remorse or the exhibition of the most compunctious pang of conscience elevate me one millionth of an inch in your ftvour, I would eagerly commence pouring forth tears at such a lavish rate, that were the world on fire they might drown the wrath of heaven, and qtuench the mighty ruin. Ever your adoring S2vIoaas. At the present moment, authorship seems to be the fashionable pastime at the courts of Europe. It is tolerably well-known that ourt' Queen has been for some time engaged upon a series of compositions-of the essay form, we believe- which are to be published, or at least privately printed, when her IMajesty shall deem them sufficiently complete. The Crown Prince of Prussia is engaged upon a history of the Electoral Princes of Branden burg. The ex-King of Greece (Otho, of Bavaria) is translating the Iliad of I-omer; and his father, Louis, ex-King of Bavaria, is at Nice, giving the last touches to a new volume of poems. King John, of Saxony, hlas just isscued the third and last volume of Dante's Divina Commedia, translated by himself into German. The literary labours of the Emperor and Empress of the French have been subjects for conversation and criti cism for a long time; and, as we mentioned recently, Omar Pacha is busy writing a Life of Alexander the Great. ExxT'ENSIV FnRAUDS.-We learn that a loss amounting in the aggregate to about £17,000 has been inflicted upon several firms and pri vate gentlemen in Plymouth by breaches of trust on tihe part of a professional man, until lately residing in the town, but now lying dangeroously ill in London. Moneys have been, it is said, entrusted to him to invest, which he has alproprioted to his own purposes, paying interest regularly in ordes' to avert supicion. The fiauds have been elicited by a dleath-bed confession. It is staited that the father of the accused was transported for a simiar offence. In one or two cases the losses sustained will involve very serious conse quences to the pjersons viotimiised. SuEnVIsD IIIM OUT AT LasT.-Retributieo justine was meted out to one Buhleoer, of !lerno, Switzerland, in a singuilar mianner. It sappears that lie was in the habit of training dogs to peirlrmn triclks, and snmetismes cruelly ill-ostreatdl them, Ilecently hlie brutally beat a little slog whlich would slot slay hise order, indl, while tidoing so, one of his lsrgo dolgs sprang forwr'd,, sRizLed him lIy the thronrt and bit him so soverely thlt he dileL ontihe I'followlu? diy, 