-DARING ESCAPE FROM DUNED1N GOAL, ON'F. OF THE PRISONERS SHOT. . (From-lht Kvcniny Star, Apgvit 24.V. Two uf, tho youngest, qui! most hardened criminals, lately confined within the walls of ' Dunudiu gaol, contrived, in a very daring man nor to effect their cfcripe.' There name cto Thomas Itbbsonnnu Thomas Lnnplntids, ' hrd licithcr of them i» twenty years of age,' At the Criminal Sittings (if the Supreme Court' in .September lust, the>c pntcmrsn ere rcfcj.cct- iVcly Fentrnced.tosjVatid fuur years imprison ment for rohlery under mm ut Onmnrro. appears that they were to-day engaged ct work in the debtors portion of the pmd, tl:c first doing carpentering work iu connection with a » - chimney there, whilst the other was cleaning out the room in which the chimney stood. At about two o'clock this afternoon, they culled tip warder Hirt, who was on duty at tl.o gate of the debtors prison, In inspect the work. He accordingly went up, and whilst in the r.cfc of stooping, the ptisauer RoWoii seized a wc-jdcn mullet, and, bringing it down with great force, struck the wurder on the lack1 if the head, thereby rendering hint insensible. It is supposed tiiat both the prisoners thin rushed into the guard-room, and tor k away a breach-loading carabine, two revolvers, and quantity of ammunition, and afterwards re turned to the room where the warder was lyit gi and by some means scaled the platform off tl.o atocknde-yhid, the nearest side to the harbour, and thus escaped into the street. They wcro then seen going towards Cumberland-slice!, across the vacant piece of ground adjacent to the Supreme Court Hotel, pursuing a direct course until near. the Exhibition building, when they turned into Clyde-street, which of course they fullnwed until they were near tho brow of the hill, a little beyond tho Water of Leitk, when they turned into Forth-strcet ; and when they were last seen, they were enter- ing tho thick bush as the junction of union and Forth-strccts. Both convicts were bleed ing profusely; Lwglnnds, it is said, at tho neck, and ltohson at the knee, from injuries received in scaling the walls of the. gaol; and tho entire length of the route taken by them was marked at intervals with blood. Upon the alarm being given, the gait? on Hell Hill . was called in, and all the available force of wardens was despatched in pursuit. Informa tion of the escape having been forwarded to the constabulary dopCt, about thirty constables, - armed, at once joined the gaol force, the wholo : guard being under the joint eominnnds of Mr, Commissioner Urnnigan niid 'Mr. Stoddart, ' Although the bush hud been scoured, up to fit a o'clock, no further trace of tho runaways hod been discovered. The warder who was attacked . has since recovered consciousness, bnt it is feared that he is in a very precarious condition . The 1 Wellington Advertiser,' of tho 29th, contains the following telegraphic community tion respecting the death of Laoglands,atid tl o capture of llobson Police upon them near brick-yard, Ander son's Hay. Shots exchanged. . Consteb'o - Haxtcr wounded by Lnnghiuds. Hobson, othef pri.sonor, nhot in leg. Hid in ditch. Lane lands pursued by- other constables, ..«rho,chal-;, Icngcd and fired upon 'them. They returned , fire. Their shots being unanswered, searched and found Langlands dead— shot through nock, Langlands's body and Hobson brought to town same night. Rotson taken to hospital. Though ball went through right leg, recovering. In quest on Jjangland tody to-dny. Verdict— ; Justifiable homicide. Rider — Great praiso due to polico for their courage. Lnnglands aged eighteen, Hobson nineteen. Warder Biri fast recovering. On Saturday, Government offcredX50urtlieirapprDlrcEsion.- A Nf.w Exfldbiye. — A few days ago wo noticed the fact of the master of the ship St. Joseph, recently anived at this port, having., f.mrtfl « Kiumciiiiu l;nx nTi lreard his vessel. marked " sodium," flung it overboard, and an " soon as the pnekngo touched the water cxplpv sion occurred, lifting the sea into an immenso . column to the stern of the vessel. We infer from a San Francisco journal that it was a new chemical mixture called sndiunvnmnlgaro. This material i« never manufactured in very largo quantities, though it bus been advertised for- sale in San Francisco, one firm olajmhig to lmve ns much as 200 ounces for sale. The amount does not seem large, hut when it is . . understood that tho oxploslon of one ounce of sodium is equal to thnt of about twenty -five pounds of gunpowder, or of 2-i pound of nitro glycerine, it can readily boconceivcd that even fifteen ounces or twenty ounces exploded in one place, would create immense havoc. And . when one further reflects that even so little a thing as a spoonful of water cfllning in con tact with 200 ounces of sodium would ocoasion an explosion equal to that which would ho oc casioned by the ignition of 5000 pounds of powder, or the concussion of 500 pounds of nitroglycerine, wo can form some conception of its tremendous destructiro power. — Hoston Journal. The Oi.d Max.— Row low tho head, hoy; do rcverenco to tho old man. Oijco like ymi, the vicissitndi- of life have silvered the hair, and changed the round merry face to tho worn visago before yon. Once that heart beat with aspirations co-cquni to any that you have felt ; aspirations crushed by disapnintmcnt, as vours are perhaps destined to be. Once thnt form stalked prowllv through the gay scenes of pleasure, the bonti ideal of grace; now the hand of time, thnt withers tho flower of yesterday, has tvnfped dint figure and : destroyed the nolde carriage. Onre. nt vonr age, he possessed tho thmmniid thoughts thnt pass through vnur brain, now wishing to accomplish deeds worthy of n nook in fume, anon imagining life a dream that tho sooner ho awoke from tho - better. Cut lie has lived tho dream very nenr through. Tho time to mvnko is very near at hand ; vet his eye over kindle? at old deeds of daring, and the hand takes a firmer grasp of tho staff. Row low tho head, boy, as you would in your old ngct>o reverenced. Casti.ks in the Air.— As we were crossing the high plateau of Knflan Kir. which forms part of Ustijort, running towards tho north-cast, tho horizon was often adorned jyilh the most beautiful Fat a Morgana. This phenomenon is undoubtedly to bo seen in tho greatest perfection in the hot, hut drv atmosphere of the deserts of Central Asia, and affords the most splendid optical illusions which one can iinngine. T was always enchanted with these pictures of cities, towers, nnd castles dancing in the air, of vast caravans, horsemen engaged in combat, nnd individual gigantic forms which continually disappear from cnc place to . reappear in another. As for my nomad com- pnnious Ihey regarded tho neighlmurhoods whera . those phenomena ore observed with no littlo awe, - According to their opinion iheso are tho ghosts of men and cities which formerly" existed there, and : . now at certain times roll about in the fur. Nay: our Korean bashi asserted thnt he also sa\y t net , snmo figures in tho snmc. places, nnd that wo our.-;, selves, if we should be lost in tbo desert, wonld - after a term of years begin to hop about and danr in tho air over the spot when, wo had perished— Armimut Vainbery. s' 