ARMADALE. BY WILKIE COLLINS. BOOK THE FIRST.—CHAPTER III. IT was close on one o'clock, and the bell was ringing which summoned the visitors to their early dinner at the inn. The quick beat of footsteps, and the gathering hum of voices outside, penetrated gaily into the room, as Mr. Neal spread the manuscript before him on the table, and read the opening sentences in these words: "I address this letter to my son, when my son is of an age to understand it. Having lost all hope of living to see my boy grow up to manhood, I have no choice but to write here what I would fain have said to him at a future time, with my own lips. "I have three objects in writing. First, to reveal the circumstances which attended the marriage of an English lady of my acquaintance, in the island of Madeira. Secondly, to throw the true light on the death of her husband a short time afterwards, on board the French timber-ship, La Grace de Dieu. Thirdly, to warn my son of a danger that lies in wait for hims—a danger that will rise from his father's grave, when the earth has closed over his father's ashes. "The story of the English lady's marriage begins with my inheriting the great Arman dale property, and my taking the fatal Arman dale name. "I am the only surviving son of the late Matthew Wrentmore, of Barbadoes. I was born on our family estate in that island; and I lost my father when I was still a child. My mother was blindly fond of me: she denied me nothing; she let me live as I pleased. My boyhood and youth were passed in idleness and self-indulgence, among people —slaves and half-castes mostly—to whom my will was law. I doubt if there is a gen tleman of my birth and station in all England as ignorant as I am at this moment. I doubt if there was ever a young man in this world whose passions were left so entirely without control of any kind, as mine were in those early days. "My mother had a woman's romantic objection to my father's homely christian name. I was christened Allan, after the name of a wealthy cousin of my father's—the late Allan Armadale—who possessed estates in our neighborhood, the largest and the most productive in the island, and who consented to be my godfather by proxy. Mr. Arma dale had never seen his West Indian property. He lived in England; and, after sending me the customary godfather's present, he held no further communication with my parents for years afterwards. I was just twenty-one before we heard again from Mr. Armadale. On that occasion, my mother received a letter from him, asklng if I were still alive, and offering no less (if I was) than to make me the heir to his West Indian property. "This piece of good fortune fell to me en tirely through the misconduct of Mr. Arma dale's son, and only child. The young man had disgraced himself beyond all redemption; had left his home an outlatw; and had been thereupon renounced by his father at once and for ever. Having no other near male relative to succeed him, Mr. Armadale thought of his cousin's son, and his own god son; and offered the West Indian estate to me, and my heirs after me, on one condition that I, and my heirs, should take his name. The proposal was gratefully accepted, and the proper legal measures were adopted for changing my name in the colony and in the mother-country. By the next mail, informa tion reached Mr. Armadale that his condition had been complied with. The return mail brought news from the lawyers. The will had been altered in my favor, and in a week afterwards the death of my benefactor had made me the largest proprietor and the richest man in Barbadoes. "This was the first event in the chain. The second event followed it six weeks after wards. "At that time there happened to be a vacancy in the clerk's office on the estate, and there came to fill it a young man about my own age, who had recently arrived in the island. He announced himself by the name of Fergus Ingleby. My impulses governed me in everything; I knew no law but the law of my own caprice, and I took a fancy to the stranger the moment I set eyes on him. He had the manners of a gentleman, and he possessed the most attractive social qualities which, in my small experience, I had ever met with. When I heard that the written references to character which he had brought with him were pronounced to be unsatisfac tory, I interfered, and insisted that he should have the place. My will was law, and he had it. "My mother disliked and distrusted Ingleby from the first. When she found the intimacy between us rapidly ripening; when she found me admitting this inferior to the closest companionship and confidence—(I had lived with my inferiors all my life, and I liked it)—she made effort after effort to part us, and failed in one and all. Driven to her last resources she resolved to try the one chance left—the chance of persuading me to take a voyage which I had often thought of, a voyage to England. "Before she sploke to me on the subject, she resolved to interest me in the idea of see ing England as I had never been interested yet. She wrote to an old friend and an old admirer of hers, the late Stephen Blanchard, of Thorpe-Ambrose, in Norfolk—a gentleman of landed estate, and a widower with a grown up family. After-discoveries informed me that she must have alluded to their former attachment (which was checkted, I believe, by the parents on either side); and that, in ask ing Mr. Blanchard's welcome for her son when he came to England, she made inquiries about his daughter, and hinted at the chance of a marriage uniting the two families, if the young lady and I met and liked one another. We were equally matched in every respect, and my mother's recollection of her girlish attachment to Mr. Blanchard, made the prospect of my marrying her old admirer's daughter the brightest and happiest prospect that her eyes could see. Of all this I knew nothing, until Mr. Blanchard's answer arrived at Barbadoes. Then my mother showed me the letter, and put the temptation which was to separate me from Fergus Ingleby openly in my way. "Mr. BIanchard's letter was dated from the island of Madeira. He was out of health, and he had been ordered there by his doctors to try the climate. His daughter went with him. After heartily reciprocating all my mother's hopes and wishes, he proposed (if I intended leaving Barbadoes shortly) that I should take Madeira on my way to England, and pay him a visit at his temporary residence in the island. If this could not be, he men tioned the time at which he expected to be hack in England, when I might be sure of finding a welcome at his own house of Thorpe- Ambrose. In conclusion, he apolo gized for not writing at greater length; ex plaining that his sight was affected, and that he had disobeyed the doctors by yielding to the temptation of writing to his old friend with his own hand. "Kindly as it was expressed, the letter itself might have had little influence on me. But there was something else beside the letter; there was enclosed in it a miniature portrait of Miss Blanchard. At the back of the por trait her father had written half-jesting, half tenderly, 'I can't ask my daughter to spare my eyes as usual, without telling her of your inquiries, and putting a young lady's diffidence to the blush. So I send her in effigy (with out her knowledge) to answer for herself. It is a good likeness of a good girl. If she likes your son—and if I like him, which I am sure I shall—we may yet live, my good friend, to see our children what we might once have been ourselves—man and wife.' My mother gave me the miniature with the letter. The portrait at once struck me—I can't say why, I can't say how—as nothing of the kind had ever struck me before. "Harder intellects than mine might have attributed the extraordinary impression pro duced on me to the disordered condition of my mind at that time; to the weariness of my own base pleasures which had been gaining on me for months past; to the undefined longing which that weariness implied for newer interests and fresher hopes than any that had possessed me yet. I attempted no such sober self-examination as this: I believed in destiny then; I believe in destiny now. It was enough for me to know—as I did know— that the first sense I had ever felt of some thing better in my nature than my animal self, was roused by that girl's face looking at me from her picture, as no woman's face had ever looked at me yet. In those tender eyes —in the chance of making that gentle crea ture my wife—I saw my destiny written. The portrait which had come into my hands so strangely and so unexpectedly, was the silent messenger of happiness close at hand, sent to warn, to encourage, to rouse me before it was too late. I put the miniature under my pillow at night; I looked at it again the next morning. My conviction of the day before remained as strong as ever; my super stition (if you please to call it so) pointed out to me irresistibly the way on which I should go. There was a ship in port which was to sail for England in a fortnight, touching at Madeira. In that ship I took my passage." Thus far the reader had advanced with no interruption to disturb him. But at the last words the tones of another voice, low and broken, mingled with his own. "Was she a fair woman?" asked the voice, "or dark, like me?" Mr. Neal paused and looked up. The doc tor was still at the bed-head, with his fingers mechanically on the patient's pulse. The child, missing his mid-day's sleep, was begin ning to play languidly with his new toy. The father's eyes were watching him with a rapt and ceaseless attention. But one great change was visible in the listeners since the narrative had begun. Mrs. Armadale had dropped her hold of her husband's hand, and sat with her face steadily turned away from him. The hot African blood burnt red in her dusky cheeks as she obstinately repeated the question, "Was she a fair woman—or dark, like me?" "Fair," said her husband, without looking at her. Her hands, lying clasped in her lap, wrung each other hard—she said no more. Mr. Neal's overhanging eyebrows lowered omin ously, as he returned to the narrative. He had incurred his own severe displeasure—he had caught himself in the act of secretly pitying her. "I have said"—the letter proceeded— "that Ingleby was admitted to my closest con fidence. I was sorry to leave him; and I was distressed by his evident surprise and moritfi cation when he heard that I was going away. In my own justification I showed him the letter and the likeness, and told him the truth. His interest in the portrait seemed to be hardly inferior to my own. He asked me about Miss Blanchard's family and Miss Blanchard's fortune with the sympathy of a true friend; and he strengthened my regard for him, and my belief in him, by putting himself out of the question, and by generously encouraging me to persist in my new purpose. When we parted, I was in high health and I spirits. Before we met again the next day, I was suddenly struck by an illness which threatened both my reason and my life. "I have no proof against Ingleby. There was more than one woman on the island whom I had wronged beyond all forgiveness, and whose vengeance might well have reached me at that time. I can accuse nobody. I can only say that my life was saved by my old black nurse; and that the woman after wards acknowledged having used the known negro-antidote to a known negro-poison in those parts. When my first days of con valescence came, the ship in which my passage had been taken had long since sailed. When I asked for Ingelby, he was gone. Proof of his unpardonable misconduct in his situation were placed before me, which not even my partiality for him could resist, he had been turned out of the office in the first days of my illness, and nothing more was known of him, but that he had left the island. "All through my sufferings, the portrait had been under my pillow. All through my convalescence, it was my one consolation when I remembered the past, and my one encouragement when I thought of the future. No words can describe the hold that first fancy had now taken of me—with time and solitudle and suffering to help it. My mother, with all her interest in the match, was startled by the unexpected success of her own project. She had written to tell Mr. Blachard of my illness, but had received no reply. She now offered to write again, if I would promise not to leave her before my recovery was complete. My impatience acknowledged no restraint. Another ship in port gave me another chance of leaving for Madeira. Another examination of Mr. Blanchard's letter of invitation assured me that I should find him still in the island, if I seized my opportunity on the spot. In defiance of my mother's entreaties, I insisted on taking my passage in the second ship and this time, when the ship sailed, I was on board. "The change did me good; and the sea air made a man of me again. After an un usually rapid voyage, I found myself at the end of my pilgrimage. On a fine still evening, which I can never forget, I stood alone on the shore, with her likeness in my bosom, and saw the white walls of the house where I knew she lived. "I strolled round the outer limits of the grounds, to compose myself before I went in. Venturing through a gate and a shrubbery, I looked into the garden, and saw a lady there, loitering alone on the lawn. She turned her face towards me—and I beheld the original of my portrait, the fulfilment of my dream! It is useless, and worse than useless, to write of it now. Let me only say that every pro mise which the likeness had made to my fancy, the living woman kept to my eyes, in the moment when they first Iooked on her. Let me say this—and no more. "I was too violently agitated to trust my self in her presence. I drew back, undis covered; and making my way to the front door of the house, asked for her father first. Mr. Blanchard had retired to his room, and could see nobody. Upon that I took courage, and asked for Miss Blanchard. The servant smiled. 'My young lady is not Miss Blanch ard any longer, sir,' he said. 'She is mar ried.' Those words would have struck some men, in my position, to the earth. They fired my hot blood, and I seized the servant by the throat in a frenzy of rage. 'It's a lie,' I broke out, speaking to him as if he had been one of the slaves on my own estate. 'It's the truth,' said the man, struggling with me; 'her husband is in the house at this moment.' 'Who is he, you scoundrel?' The servant answered by repeating my own name, to my own face:—'Allan Armadale.' "You can now guess the truth. Fergus Ingleby was the outlawed son, whose name and whose inheritance I had taken. And Fergus Ingleby was even with me for de priving him of his birthright. "Some account of the manner in which the deception had been carried out is necessary to explain—I don't say justify—the share I took in the events that followed my arrival at Madeira. "By Ingleby's own confession, he had come to Barbadoes—knowing of his father's death and of my succession to the estate—with the settled purpose of plundering and injuring me. My rash confidence put such an opportunity into his hands as he could never have hoped for. He had waited to possess himself of the letter which my mother wrote to Mr. Blanch ard at the outset of my illness—had then caused his own dismissal from his situation and had sailed for Madeira in the very ship that was to have sailed with me. Arrived at the island, he had waited again till the vessel was away once more on her voyage, and had then presented himself at Mr. Blanchard's not in the assumed name by which I shall continue to speak of him here—but in the name which was as certainly his as mine, Allan Armadale. The fraud at the outset presented few difficulties. He had only an ailing old man (who had not seen my mother for half a lifetime), and an innocent unsus picious girl (who had never seen her at all) to deal with; and he had learnt enough in my service to answer the few questions that were put to him, as readily as I might have an swered them myself. His looks and man ners, his winning ways with women, his quickness and cunning, did the rest. While I was on my sick-bed, he had won Miss Blanchard's affections. While I was dream ing over the likeness in the first days of my convalescence, he had secured Mr. Blanchard's consent to the celebration of the marriage before he and his daughter left the island. "This far, Mr. Blanchard's infirmity of sight had helped the deception. He had been content to send messages to my mother, and to receive the messages which were duly invented in return. But when the suitor was accepted, and the wedding-day appointed, he felt it due to his old friend to write to her, asking her formal consent, and inviting her to the marriage. He could only complete part of the letter himself; the rest was finished, under his dictation, by Miss Blanchard. There was no chance of being beforehand with the post-office this time; and Ingleby, sure of his place in the heart of his victim, waylaid her as she came out of her father's room with the letter, and privately told her the truth. She was still under age, and the position was a serious one. If the letter was posted, no resource would be left but to wait and be parted for ever, or to elope under cir cumstances which made detection almost a certainty. The destination of any ship which took them away would be known before hand; and the fast-sailing yacht in which Mr. Blanchard lad come to Madeira was waiting in the harbor to take him back to England. The only other alternative was to continue the deception by suppressing the letter, and to confess the truth when they were securely married. What arts of per suasion Ingleby used—what base advantage he might previously have taken of her love and her trust in him to degrade Miss Blanchard to his own level—I cannot say. He did degrade her. The letter never went to its destination; and, with the daughter's privity and consent, the father's confidence was abused to the very last. "The one precaution now left to take, was to fabricate the answer from my mother which Mr. Blanchard expected, and which would arrive in due course of post before the day appointed for the marriage. Igleby had my mother's stolen letter with him; but he was without the imitative dexterity which would have enabled him to make use of it for a forgery of her handwriting. Miss Blanchard, who had consented passively to the deception, re fused to take any active share in the fraud practised on her father. In this difficulty Ingleby found an instrument ready to his hand in an orphan girl of barely twelve years old, a marvel of ability, whom Miss Blanchard had taken a romantic fancy to befriend, and whom she had brought away from England to be trained as her maid. That girl's wicked dexterity removed the one serious obstacle left to the success of the fraud. I saw the imitation of my mother's writing which she had produced under Ingleby's instructions, and (if the shameful truth must be told) with her young mistress's knowledge—and I believe I should have been deceived by it myself. I saw the girl afterwards—and my blood curdled at the sight of her. If she is alive now, woe to the people who trust her! No creature more innately deceitful and more innately pitiless ever walked this earth. "The forged letter paved the way securely for the marriage; and when I reached the house they were (as the servant had truly told rne) man and wife. My arrival on the scene simply precipitated the confession which they had both agreed to make. Ingleby's own lips shamelessly acknowledged the truth. He had nothing to lose by speaking out—he was married, and his wife's fortune was beyond her father's control. I pass over all that followed—my interview with the daughter and my interview with the father—to come to results. For two days the efforts of the wife, and the efforts of the clergyman who had celebrated the marriage, were successful in keeping Ingleby and myself apart. On the third day I set my trap more successfully, and I and the man who had mortally injured me met together, face to face. "Remember how my confidence had been abused; remember how the one good purpose of my life had been thwarted; remember the violent passions rooted deep in my nature, and never yet controlled—and then imagine for yourself what passed between us. All I need tell here is the end. He was a taller and a stronger man than I, and he took his brute's advantage with a brute's ferocity. He struck me. "Think of the injuries I had received at that man's hands, and then think of hIs set ting his mark on my face by a blow! "I went to an English officer who had been my fellow-passenger on the voyage from Barbadoes. I told him the truth, and he agreed with me that a meeting was inevitable. Duelling had its received formalities and its established laws in those days; and he began to speak of them. I stopped him. 'I will take a pistol in my right hand,' I said, 'and he shall take a pistol in his: I will take one end of a handkerchief in my left hand, and he shall take the other end in his; and across that handkerchief the duel shall be fought.' The officer got up, and looked at me as if I had personally insulted him. 'You are ask ing me to be present at a murder and a sui cide,' he said; 'I decline to serve you.' He left the room. As soon as he was gone I wrote down the words I had said to the officer, and sent them by a messenger to Ingleby. While I was waiting for an answer I sat down before the glass, and looked at his mark on my face. 'Many a men has had blood on his hands and blood on his con science,' I thought, 'for less than this.' "The messenger came back with Ingleby's answer. It appointed a meeting for three o'clock the next day, at a lonely place in te interior of the island. I had resolved what to do if he refused; his letter released me from the horror of my own resolution. I felt grateful to him—yes, absolutely grateful to him—for writing it. "The next day I went to the place. He was not there. I waited two hours, and he never came. At lant the truth dawned on me. 'Once a coward, always a coward,' I thought. I went back to Mr. Blanchard's house. Before I got there a sudden mis giving seized me, and I turned aside to the harbour. I was right; the harbour was the plane to go to. A ship sailing for Lisbon that afternoon had offered him the oppor tunity of taking a passage for himself and his wife, and escaping me. His answer to my challenge had served its purpose of sending me out of the way into the interior of the island. Once more I had trusted in Fergus Ingleby, and once more those sharp wits of his had been too much for me. "I asked my informant if Mr. Blanchard was aware as yet of his daughter's departure. He had discovered it, but not until the ship had sailed. This time I took a lesson in cun ning from Ingleby. Instead of showing myself at Mr. Blanchard's house, I went first and looked at Mr. Blanchard's yacht. "The vessel told me what the vessel's master might have concealed—the truth. I found her in the confusion of a sudden pre paration for sea. All the crew were on board, with the exception of some few who had been allowed their leave on shore, and who were away in the interior of the island, nobody know where. When I discovered that the sailing-master was trying to supply their places with the best men he could pick up at a moment's notice, my resolution was instantly taken. I knew the duties on board a yacht well enough, having had a vessel of my own, and having sailed her myself. Hurrying into the town, I changed my dress for a sailor's coat and hat, and, returning to the harbor, I offered myself as one of the volunteer crew. I don't know what the sailing- master saw in my face. My answers to his questions satis fied him, and yet he looked at me and hesi tated. But hands were scarce, and it ended in my being taken on board. An hour later Mr. Blanchard joined us, and was assisted into the cabin, suffering pitiably in mind and body both. An hour after that we were at sea, with a starless night overhead, and a fresh breeze behind us. "As I had surmised, we were in pursuit of the vessel in which Ingleby and his wife had left the island that afternoon. The ship was French, and was employed in the timber trade; her name was La Grace de Dieu. Nothing more was known of her than that she was bound for Lisbon; that she had been driven out of her course; and that she had touched at Madeira, short of men and short of provisions. The Iast want had been sup plied, but not the first. Sailors distrusted the seaworthiness of the ship, and disliked the look of the vagabond crew. When those two serious facts had been communicated to Mr. Blanchard, the hard words he had spoken to his child in the first shock of discovering that she had helped to deceive him, smote him to the heart. He instantly determined to give his daughter a refuge on board his own vessel, and to quiet her by keeping her villain of a husband out of the way of all harm at my hands. The yacht sailed three feet and more to the ship's one. There was no doubt of our overtaking La Grace de Dieu; the only fear was that we might pass her in the darkness. "After we had been some little time out the wind suddenly dropped, and there fell on us an airless sultry calm. When the order came to get the topmasts on deck, and to shift the large sails, we all knew what to ex pect. In little better than an hour more the storm was upon us, the thunder was pealing over our heads, and the yacht was running for it. She was a powerful schooner-rigged vessel of three hundred tons, as strong as wood and iron could make her; she was handled by a sailing-master who thoroufghly understood his work, and she behaved nobly. As the new morning came, the fury of the wind, blowing still from the south-west quarter, subsided a little, and the sea was less heavy. Just before daybreak we heard faintly, through the howling of the gale, the report of a gun. The men, collected anxiously on deck, looked at each other and said, 'there she is!' "With the daybreak we saw the vessel, and the timber-ship it was. She lay wallowing in the trough of the sea, her foremast and her mainmnst both gone—a waterlogged wreck. The yacht carried three boats; one amidships, and two slung to davits on the quarters; and the sailing-master, seeing signs of the storm renewing its fury before long, determined on lowering the quarter-boats while the lull lasted. Few as the people were on board the wreck, they were too many for one boat, and the risk of trying two boats at once was thought less, in the critical state of the weather, than the risk of making two separate trips from the yacht to the ship. There might be time to make one trip in safety, but no man could look at the heavens and say there would be time enough for two. "The boats were manned by volunteers from the crew, I being in the second of the two. When the first boat was got alongside of the timber-ship—a service of difficulty and danger which no words can describe—all the men on board made a rush to leave the wreck together. If the boat had not been pulled off again before the whole of them had crowded in, the lives of all must have been sacrificed. As our boat approached the vessel in its turn, we arranged that four of us should get on board—two (I being one of them) to see to the safety of Mr. Blanchard's daughter, and two to beat back the cowardly remnant of the crew, if they tried to crowd in first. The other three—the coxswain and two oarsmen —were left in the boat to keep her from being crushed by the ship. What the others saw when they first boarded La Grace de Dieu I don't know: what I saw was the woman whom I had lost, the woman vilely stolen from me, lying in a swoon on the deck. We lowered her, insensible, into the boat. The remnant of the crew—five in number were compelled by main force to follow her in an orderly manner, one by one, and minute by minute, as the chance offered for safely taking them in. I was the last who left; and, at the next roll of the ship towards us, the empty length of the deck, without a living creature on it from stem to stern, told the boat's crew that their work was done. With the louder and louder howling of the fast- rising tempest to warn them, they rowed for their lives back to the yacht. "A succession of heavy squalls had brought round the course of the new storm that was coming from the south to the north; and the sailing-master, watching his oppor tunity, had wore the yacht to be ready for it. Before the last of our men had got on board again it burst on us with the fury of a hurri cane. Our boat was swamped, but not a life was lost. Once more we ran before it, due south, at the mercy of the wind. I was on deck with the rest, watching the one rag of sail we could venture to set, and waiting to supply its place with another if it blew out of the bolt-ropes, when the mate came close to me and shouted in my ear through the thunder of the storm, 'she has come to her senses in the cabin, and has asked for her husband. Where is he?' Not a man on board knew. The yacht was searched from one end to another without finding him. The men were mustered in defiance of the weather—he was not among them. The crews of the two boats were questioned. All the first crew could say was, that they had pulled away from the wreck when the rush into their boat took place, and that they knew nothing of who they let in or who they kept out. All the second crow could say was, that they had brought back to the yacht every living soul left by the first boat on the deck of the timber-ship. There was no blaming anybody; but at the same time, there was no resisting the fact that the man was miss ing. "All through that day the storm, raging unabatedly, never gave us even the shadow of a chance of returning and searching the wreck. The one hope for the yacht was to scud. Towards evening the gale, after having carried us to the southward of Madeira, began at last to break—the wind shifted again and allowed us to bear up for the island. Early the next morning we got back into port. Mr. Blanchard and his daughter were taken ashore; the sailing-master accomanying them, and warning us that he should have something to say on his return, which would nearly concern the whole crew. "We were mustered on deck and ad dressed by the sailing-master as soon as he came on board again. He had Mr. Blanchard's orders to go back at once to the timnber- ship and to search for the missing man. We were bound to do this for his sake, and for the sake his wife, whose reason was des paired of by the doctors if something was not done to quiet her. We might be almost sure of finding the vessel still afloat, for her lading of timber would keep her above water as long as her hull held together. If the man was on board—living or dead—he must be found and brought back. And if the weather con tinued to moderate there was no reason why the men, with proper assistance, should not bring the ship back too, and (their master being quite willing) earn their share of the salvage with the officers of the yacht. "Upon this the crew gave three cheers and set to wore forthwith to get the schooner to sea again. I was the only one of them who drew back from the enterprise. I told them the storm had upset me—I was ill and wanted rest. They all looked me in the face as I passed through them on my way out of the yacht, but not a man of them spoke to me. "I waited through that day at a tavern on the port for the first news from the wreck. It was brought towards nightfall by one of the pilot-boats which had taken part in the enterprise for saving the abandoned ship. La Grace de Dieu had been discovered still float ing, and the body of Ingleby had been found on board, drowned in the cabin. At dawn the next morning the dead body was brought back by the yacht; and on the same day the funeral took place in the Protestant cemetery." "Stop!" said the voice from the bed, before the reader could turn a new leaf and begin the next paragraph. There was a change in the room, and there were changes in the audience since Mr. Neal had last looked up from the narrative. A ray of sunshine was crossing the death-bed; and the child, overcome by drowsiness, lay peacefully asleep in the golden light. The father's countenance had altered visibly. Forced into action by the tortured mind, the muscles of the lower face, which had never moved yet, were moving distortedly now. Warned by the damps gathering heavily on his forehead, the doctor had risen to revive the sinking man. On the other side of the bed the wife's chair stood empty. At the moment when her husband had interrupted the reading she had drawn back behind the bed-head, out of his sight. Supporting her self against the wall, she stood there in hiding, her eyes fastened in hungering suspense on the manuscript in Mr. Neal's hand. In a minute more the silence was broken again by Mr. Armadale. "Where is she?" he asked, looking angrily at his wife's empty chair. The doc tor pointed to the place. She had no choice but to come forward. She came slowly and stood before him. "You promised to go when I told you," he said. "Go now." Mr. Neal tried hard to control his hand as it kept his place between the leaves of the manuscript, but it trembled in spite of him. A suspicion which had been slowly forcing itself on his mind, while he was reading, be came a certainty when he heard those words. From one revelation to another the letter had gone on, until it hadt now reached the brink of a last disclosure to come. At that brink the dying man had predetermined to silence the reader's voice, before he had permitted his wife to hear the narrative read. There was the secret which the son was to know in after years, and which the mother was never to approach. From that resolution his wife's tenderest pleadings had never moved him an inch—and now, from his own lips his wife knew it. She made him no answer. She stood there and looked at him; looked her last entreaty perhaps her last farewell. His eyes gave her back no answering glance: they wandered from her mercilessly to the sleeping boy. She turned speechless from the bed. With out a look at the child—without a word to the two strangers breathlessly watching her —she kept the promise she had given, and in dead silence left the room. There was something in the manner of her departure which shook the self-possession of both the men who witnessed it. When the door closed on her they recoiled instinctively from advancing further in the dark. The doctor's reluctance was the first to express itself. He attempted to obtain the patient's permission to withdraw until the letter was completed. The patient refused. Mr. Neal spoke next at greater length and to more serious purpose. "The doctor is accustomed in his pro- * fession," he began, "and I am accustomed in mine, to have the secrets of others placed in our keeping. But it is my duty, before we go farther, to ask if you really understand the extraordinary position which we now occupy towards one another. You have just ex cluded Mrs. Armadale, before our own eyes, from a place in your confidence. And you are now offering that same place to two men who are total strangers to you." "Yes," said Mr. Armadale—"because you are strangers." Few as the words were, the inference to be drawn from them was not of a nature to set distrust at rest. Mr. Neal put it plainly into words. "You are in urgent need of my help and of the doctor's help," he said. "Am I to understand (so long as you secure our assist ance) that the impression which the closing passages of this letter may produce on us is a matter of indifference to you?" "Yes. I don't spare you. I don't spare myself. I do spare my wife." "You force me to a conclusion, sir, which is a very serious one," said Mr. Neal. "If I am to finish this letter under your dictation, I must claim permission—having read aloud the greater part of it already—to read aloud what remains in the hearing of this gentle man as a witness." "Read it." Gravely doubting, the doctor resumed his chair. Gravely doubting, Mr. Neal turned the leaf and read the next words:— "There is more to tell before I can leave the dead man to his rest. I have described the finding of his body. But I have not described the circumstances under which he met his death. "He was known to have been on deck when the yacht's boats were seen approaching the wreck; and he was afterwards missed in the confusion caused by the panic of the crew. At that time the water was five feet deep in the cabin, and was rising fast. There was little doubt of his having gone down into that water of his own accord. The discovery of his wife's jewel-box, close under him, on the floor, explained his presence in the cabin. He was known to have seen help approaching, and it was quite likely that he had thereupon gone below to make an effort at saving the box. It was less probable—though it might still have been inferred—that his death was the result of some accident in diving, which had for the moment deprived him of his senses. But a discovery made by the yacht's crew pointed straight to a conclusion which struck the men, one and all, with the same horror. When the course of their search brought them to the cabin, they found the scuttle bolted and the door locked on the outside. Had some one closed the cabin, not knowing he was there? Setting the panic stricken condition of the crew out of the question, there was no motive for closing the cabin before leaving the wreck. But one other conclusion remained. Had some mur derous hand purposely locked the man in and left him to drown as the water rose over him? "Yes. A murderous hand had locked him in, and left him to drown. That hand was mine." The Scotchman started up from the table; the doctor shrank from the bedside. The two looked at the dying wretch, mastered by the same loathing, chilled by the same dread. He lay there, with his child's head on his breast; abandoned by the sympathies of man, accused by the justice of God—he lay there, in the isolation of Cain, and looked back at them. At the moment when the two men rose to their feet, the door leading into the next room was shaken heavily on the outer side, and a sound like the sound of a fall, striking dull on their ears, silenced them both. Standing nearest to the door the doctor opened it, passed through, and closed it instantly. Mr. Neal turned his back on the bed and waited the event in silence. The sound, which had failed to awaken the child, had failed also to attract the father's notice. His own words had taken him far from all that was passing at his death-bed. His helpless body was back on the wreck, and the ghost of his lifeless hand was turning the lock of the cabin door. A bell rang in the next room—eager voices talked; hurried footsteps moved in it—an interval passed, and the doctor returned. Was she listening?" whispered Mr. Neal, in German. "The women are restoring her," the doctor whispered back. " She he heard it all. In God's name, what are we to do next?" Before it was possible to reply, Mr. Armadale spoke. The doctor's return had roused him to a sense of present things. "Go on," he said, as if nothing had happened. "I refuse to meddle further with your infamous secret," returned Mr. Neal. "You are a murderer on your own confession. If that letter is to be finished, don't ask me to hold the pen for you." "You gave me your promise," was the reply, spoken with the same immovable self possession. "You must write for me, or break your word." For the moment Mr. Neal was silenced., There the man lay—sheltered from the exe cration of his fellow-creatures under the shadow of Death—beyond the reach of all human condemnation, beyond the dread of all mortal laws; sensitive to nothing but his one last resolution to finish the letter addressed to his son. Mr. Neal drew the doctor aside. "A word with you," he said, in German. "Do you persist in saying that he may be speechless before we can send to Stuttgart?" "Look at his lips," said the doctor, "and judge for yourself." His lips answered for him: the reading of the narrative had left its mark on them already. A distortion at the corners of his mouth, which had been barely noticeable when Mr. Neal entered the room, was plainly visible now. His slow articulation labored more and more painfully with every word he uttered. The position was emphatically a terrible one. After a moment more of hesita tion, Mr. Neal made a last attempt to with draw from it. "Now my eyes are open," he said, sternly, "do you dare hold me to an engagement which you forced on me blindfold?" "No," nswered Mr. Arnmadale. "I leave you to break your word." The look which accompanied that reply stung the Scotchman's pride to the quick. When he spoke next, he spoke seated in his former place at the table. "No man ever yet said of me that I broke my word," he retorted, angrily; "and not even you shall say it of me now. Mind this! If you hold me to my promise, I hold you to my condition. I have reserved my freedom of action, and I warn you I will see it at my own sole discretion as soon as I am released from the sight of you." "Remember he is dying," pleaded the doctor gently. "Take your place, sir," said Mr. Neal, pointing to the empty chair. "What remains to be read I will only read in your hearing. What remains to be written, I will only write in your presence. You brought me here. I have a right to insist—and I do insist—on your remaining as a witness to the last." The doctor accepted his position without remonstrance. Mr. Neal returned to the manuscript and read what remained of it un interruptedly to the end:— "Without a word in my own defence I have acknowledged my guilt. Without a word in my own defence I will reveal how the crime was committed. "No thought of him was in my mind when I saw his wife insensible on the deck of the timber-ship. I did my part in lowering her safely into the boat. Then, and not till then, I felt the thought of him coming back. In the confusion that prevailed while the men of the yacht were forcing the men of the ship to wait their time, I had an opportunity of searching for him unobserved. I stepped back from the bulwark, not knowing whether he was away in the first boat, or whether he was still on board—I stepped back, and saw him mount the cabin stair empty-handed, with the water dripping from him. After looking eagerly towards the boat (without noticing me), he saw there was time to spare before the crew were taken off. 'Once more!' he said to himself—and disappeared again, to make a last effort at recovering the jewel-box. The devil at my elbow whispered, 'don't shoot him like a man: drown him like a dog!' He was under the water when I bolted the scuttle. But his head rose to the surface before I could close the cabin door. I looked at him, and he looked at me—and I locked the door in his face. The next minute I was back among the last men left on deck. The minute after it was too late to repent. The storm was threatening us with destruc tion, and the boat's crow were pulling for their lives from the ship. "My son! I have pursued you from my grave with a confession which my love might have spared you. Read on, and you will know why. "I will say nothing of my sufferings; I will plead for no mercy to my memory. There is a strange sinking at my heart, a strange trembling in my hand, while I write these lines, which warns me to hasten to the end. I left the island without daring to look for the last time at the woman whom I had lost so miserably, whom I had injured so vilely. When I left, the whole weight of the suspicion roused by the manner of Ingleby's death rested on the crew of the French vessel. No motive for the supposed murder could be brought home to any of them; but they were known to be, for the most part, outlawed ruffians capable of any crime, and they were suspected and examined accord ingly. It was not till afterwards that I heard by accident of the suspicion shifting round at last to me. The widow alone recognized the vague description given of the strange man who had made one of the yacht's crew, and who had disappeared the day afterwards. The widow alone know, from that time forth, why her husband had been murdered, and who had done the deed. When she made that dis covery, a false report of my death had been previously circulated in the island. Perhaps I was indebted to the report for my immunity from all legal proceedings—perhaps (no eye but Ingleby's having seen me lock the cabin door) there was not evidence enough to justify an inquiry—perhaps the widow shrank from the disclosures which must have followed a public charge against me, based on her own bare suspicion of the truth. However it might be, the crime which I had committed, unseen has remained a crime unpunished from that time to this. "I left Madeira for the West Indies, in disguise. The first news that met me when the ship touched at Barbadoes , was the news of my mother's death. I had no heart to return to the old scenes. The prospect of living at home in solitude, with the torment of my own guilty remembrances gnawing at me day and night, was more than I had the courage to confront. Without landing or discovering myself to any one on shore, I went on as far as the ship would take me to the island of Trinidad. "At that place I first saw your mother. It was my duty to tell her the truth—and I treacherously kept my secret. It was my duty to spare her the hopeless sacrifice of her freedom and her happiness to such an ex istence no mine—and I did her the injury of marrying her. If she is alive when you read this grant her the mercy of still concealing the truth. The one atonement I can make to her, is to keep her unsuspicious to the last of the man she has married. Pity her, as I have pitied her. Let this letter be a sacred confidence between father and son. "The time when you were born was the time when my health began to give way. Some months afterwards, in the first days of my recovery, you were brought to me; and I was told that you had been christened during my illness. Your mother had done as other loving mothers do—she had christened her first-born by his father's name. You, too, were Allan Armadale. Even in that early time—even while I was happily igno rant of what I have discovered since—my mind misgave me when I looked at you and thought of that fatal name. "As soon as I could be moved my presence was required at my estates in Barbadoes. It crossed my mind—wild as the idea may appear to you—to renounce the condition which compelled my son as well as myself to take the Armadale name, or lose the suc cession to the Armadale property. But, even in those days, the rumour of a contem plated emancipation of the slaves—the eman cipation which is now close at hand—was spreading widely in the colony. No man could tell how the value of West Indian pro rerty might be affected if that threatened change ever took place. No man could tell —if I gave you back my own paternal name, and left you without other provision in the future than my own paternal estate—how you might one day miss the broad Armadale acres, or to what future penury I might be blindly condemning your mother and yourself. Mark how the fatalities gathered one on the other! Mark how your Christian name came to you, how your surname held to you, in spite of me! "My health had improved in my old home; but it was for a time only. I sank again, and the doctors ordered me to Europe. Avoiding England (why, you may guess), I took my passage, with you and your mother, for France. From France we passed into Italy. We lived here; we lived there. It was useless. Death had got me—and death followed me, go where I might. I bore it, for I had an alleviation to turn to which I had not deserved. You may shrink in horror from the very memory of me, now. In those days you comforted me. The only warmth I still felt at my heart was the warmth you brought to it. My last glimpses of happiness in this world were the glimpses given me by my infant son. "We removed from Italy, and went next to Lausanne—the place from which I am now writing to you. The post of this morning has brought me news, later and fuller than any I had received thus far, of the widow of the murdered man. The letter lies before me while I write. It comes from a friend of my early days, who has seen her and spoken to her—who has been the first to inform her that the report of my death in Madeira was false. He writes, at a loss to account for the violent agitation which she showed on hear ing that I was still alive, that I was married, and that I had an infant son. He asks me if I can explain it. He speaks in terms of sympathy for her—a young and beautiful woman, buried in the retirement of a fishing village on the Devonshire coast; her father dead; her family estranged from her, in merciless disapproval of her marriage. He writes words which might have cut me to the heart, but for a closing passage in his letter, which seized my whole attention the instant I came to it, and which has forced from me the narrative that these pages contain. "I now know, what never even entered my mind as a suspicion till the letter reachod me. I now know that the widow of the man whose death lies at my door, has borne a posthumous child. That child is a boy—a year older than my own son. Secure in her belief in my death, his mother has done what my son's mother did: she has christened her child by his father's name. Again, in the second generation, there are two Allan Armadales as there were in the first. After working its deadly mischief with the fathers, the fatal resemblance of names has descended to work its deadly mischief with the sons. "Guiltless minds may see nothing thus far but the result of a series of events which could lead no other way. I with that man's life to answer for—I, going down into my grave, with my crime unpunished and un atoned, see what no guiltless minds can dis cern. I see danger to the future, begotten of the danger of the past—treachery that is the offspring of his treachery, and crime that is the child of my crime. Is the dread that now shakes me to the soul, a phantom raised by the superstition of a dying- man? I look into the book which all Christendom venerates; and the book tells me that the sin of the father shall be visited on the child. I look out into the world; and I see the living wit nesses round me to that terrible truth. I see the vices which have contaminated the father descending and contaminating the child; I see the shame which has disgraced the father's name descending and disgracing the child's. I look in on myself—and I see my crime ripening again for the future n the self-sme circumstances which first sowed the seeds of it in the past; and descending, in inherited contamination of evil, from me to my son." At those lines the writing ended. There the stroke had struck him and the pen had dropped from his hand. He knew the place; he remembered the words. At the instant when the reader's voice stopped he looked eagerly at the doctor. "I have got what comes next in my mind," he said, with slower and slower articulation. "Help me to speak it." The doctor administered a stimulant and signed to Mr. Neal to give him time; After a little delay the flame of the sinking spirit leapt up in his eyes once more. Resolutely struggling with his failing speech, he sum moned the Scotchman to take the pen; and pronounced the closing sentences of the narra tive as his memory gave them back to him, one by one, in these words:— "Despise my dying conviction if you will; —but grant me, I solemnly implore you, one last request. My son l the only hope I have left for you hangs on a great doubt—the doubt whether we are, or are not, the masters of our own destinies. It may be that mortal free-will can conquer mortal fate; and that going, as we all do, inevitably to death, we go inevitably to nothing that is before death. If this be so, indeed, respect—though you respect nothing else—the warning which I give you from my grave. Never, to your dying day, let any living soul approach you who is associated, directly or indirectly, with the crime which your father has committed. Avoid the widow of the man I killed—if the widow still lives. Avoid the maid whose wicked hand smoothed the way to the mar riage—if the maid is still in her service. And more than all, avoid the man who bears the same name as your own. Offend your best benefactor, if that benefactor's influence has connected you one with the other. Desert the woman who loves you, if that woman is a link between you and him. Hide yourself from him under an assumed name. Put the mountains and the seas between you; be un grateful, be unforgiving; be all that is most repellent to your own gentler nature rather than live under the same roof and breathe the same air with that man. Never let the two Allan Armadales meet in this world: never, never, never! "There lies the way by which you may escape—if any way there be. Take it, if you prize your own innocence and your own happi ness, through all your life to come! "I have done. If I could have trusted any weaker influence than the influence of this confession to incline you to my will, I would have spared you the dis closure which these pages contain. You are lying on my breast, sleeping the innocent sleep of a child, while a stranger's hand writes those words for you as they fall from my lips. ''Think what the strength of my conviction must be, when I can find the courage, on my death-bed, to darken all your young life at its outset with the shadow of your father's crime. Think—and be warned. Think—and forgive me if you can." There, it ended. Those were the father's last words to the son. Inexorably faithful to his forced duty, Mr. Neal laid aside the pen, and read over aloud the lines he had just written. "Is there more to add?" he asked, with his pitilessly steady voice. There was no more to add. Mr. Neal folded the manuscript, enclosed it in a sheet of paper, and sealed it with Mr. Armadale's own seal. "The address?" he said, with his merciless business formality. "To Allan Armadale, junior," he wrote, as the words were dictated from the bed. "Care of Godfrey Hammick, Esq., Offices of Messrs. Hammick and Ridge, Lincoln's Inn Fields, London." having written the ad dress, he waited and considered for a moment. "Is your executor to open this?" he asked. "No! he is to give it to my son, when my son is of an age to understand it." "In that case," pursued Mr. Neal, with all his wits in remorseless working order, "I will add a dated note to the address, repeating your own words as you have just spoken them, and explaining the circumstances under which my handwriting appears on the docu ment." He wrote the note in the briefest and plainest terms—read it over aloud as he had read over what went before—signed his name and address at the end, and made the doctor sign next, as witness of the proceedings, and as medical evidence of the condition in which Mr. Armadale then lay. This done, he placed the letter in a second enclosure, sealed it as before, and directed it to Mr. Hammick, with the superscription of "private," added to the address. "Do you insist on my posting this?" he asked, rising with the letter in his hand. "Give him time to think," said the doctor. "For the child's sake give him time to think! A minute may change him." "I will give him five minutes," answered Mr. Neal, placing his watch on the table, implacably just to the very last. They waited, both looking very attentively at Mr. Armadale. The signs of change which had appeared in him already, were multiply ing fast. The movement which continued mental agitation had communicated to the muscles of his face, was beginning, under the same dangerous influence, to spread down wards. His once helpless hands lay still no longer; they struggled pitiably on the bed clothes. At sight of that warning token the doctor turned with a gesture of alarm, and beckoned Mr. Neal to come nearer. "Put the question at once," he said; "if you let the five minutes pass you may be too late." Mr. Neal approached the bed. He, too, noticed the movement of the hands. "Is that a bad sign?" he asked. The doctor bent his head gravely. "Put your question at once," he repeated, "or you may be too late." Mr. Neal held the letter before the eyes of the dying man. " Do you know what this is?" "My letter." "Do you insist on my posting it?" He mastered his failing speech for the last time, and gave the answer. "Yes!" Mr. Neal moved to the door with the letter in his hand. The German followed him a few steps, opened his lips to plead for a longer delay, met the Scotchman's inexerable eye, and drew back again in silence. The door closed and parted them without a word having passed on either side. The doctor went back to the bed, and whispered to the sinking man, " let me call him back; there is time to stop him yet!" It was useless. No answer came: nothing showed that he heeded, or even heard. His eyes wandered from the child, rested for a moment on his own struggling hand, and looked up entreatingly in the compassionate face that bent over him. The doctor lifted the hand—paused—followed the father's longing eyes back to the child—and, inter preting his last wish, moved the hand gently towards the boy's head. The hand touched it, and trembled violently. In another instant the trembling seized on the arm and spread over the whole upper part of the body. The face turned from pale to red; from red to purple; and from purple to pale again. Then the toiling hands lay still, and the shifting colour changed no more. The window of the next room was open when the doctor entered it from the death chamber, with the child in his arms. He looked out as he passed by, and saw Mr. Neal in the street below, slowly returning to the inn. "Where is the letter? " he asked. Three words sufficed for the Scotchman's answer. "In the post." BOOK THE SECOND.—CHAPTER I. On a warm May night, in the year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Reverend Decimus Brock—at that time a visitor to the Isle of Man—retired to his bed room, at Castletown, with a serious personal responsibility in close pursuit of him, and with no distinct idea of the means by which he might relieve himself from the pressure of his present circumstances. The clergyman had reached that mature period of human life at which a sensible man learns to decline (as often as his temper will let him) all useless conflict with the tyranny of his own troubles. Abandoning any further effort to reach a decision in the emergency that now beset him, Mr. Brock sat down placidly in his shirt-sleeves on the side of his bed, and applied his mind to consider next, whether the emergency in itself was as serious as he had hitherto been inclined to think it. Following this new way out of his per plexities, Mr. Brock found himself unex pectedly travelling to the end in view, by the least inspiring of all human journeys—a journey through the past years of his own life. One by one, the events of those years— all connected with the same little group of characters, and all more or less answerable for the anxiety which was now intruding itself between the clergyman and his night's rest rose, in progressive series, on Mr. Brock's memory. The first of the series took him back through a period of fourteen years, to his own rectory on the Somersetshire shores of the Bristol Channel, and closeted him at a private interview with a lady, who had paid him a visit in the character of a total stranger to the parson and the place. The lady's complexion was fair, the Iady's figure was well-preserved; she was still a young woman, and she looked even younger than her age. There was a shade of melan choly in her expression, and an under-tone of suffering in her voice—enough, in each case, to indicate that she had known trouble, but not enough to obtrude that trouble on the notice of others. She brought with her a fine, fair haired boy of eight years old, whom she pre sented as her son, and who was sent out of the way at the beginning of the interview, to amuse himself in the rectory garden. Her card had preceded her entrance into the study, and had announced her under the name of Mrs. Armadale." Mr. Brock began to feel interested in her before she had opened her lips; and when the son had been dismissed he waited, with some anxiety, to hear what the mother had to say to him. Mrs. Armadale began by informing the rector that she was a widow. Her husband had perished by shipwreck a short time after their union, on the voyage from Madeira to Lisbon. She had been brought to England, after her affliction, under her father's protec tion; and her child—a posthumous son—had been born on the family estate in Norfolk. Her father's death shortly afterwards had deprived her of her only surviving parent, and had exposed her to neglect and misconstruc tion on the part of her remaining relatives (two brothers), which had estranged her from them, she feared, for the rest of her days. For some time past she had lived in the neighbouring county of Devonshire, devoting herself to the education of her boy—who had now reached an age at which he required other than his mother's teaching. Leaving out of the question her own unwillingness to part with him, in her solitary position, she was especially anxious that he should not be thrown among strangers by being sent to school. Her darling project was to bring him up privately at home, and to keep him, as he advanced in years, from all contact with the temptations and the dangers of the world. With these objects in view, her longer sojourn in her own locality (where the services of the resident clergyman, in the capacity of tutor, were not obtainable) must come to an end. She had made inquiries, had heard of a house that would suit her in Mr. Brock's neighbourhood, and had also been told that Mr. Brock himself had formerly been in the habit of taking pupils. Possessed of this in formation., she had ventured to present herself, with references that vouched for her respect ability, but without a formal introduction; and she had now to ask whether (in the event of her residing in the neighbourhood) any terms that could be offered would induce Mr. Brock to open his doors once more to a pupil, and to allow that pupil to be her son. If Mrs. Armadale had been a woman of no personal attractions, or if Mr. Brook had been provided with an entrenchment to fight behind, in the shape of a wife, it is probable that the widow's journey might have been taken in vain. As things really were, the rector examined the references which were offered to him, and asked time for considera tion. When the time had expired, he did what Mrs. Armadale wished him to do—he offered his back to the burden, and let the mother load him with the responsibility of the son. This was the first of the series; the date of it being the year eighteen hundred and thirty seven. Mr. Brock's memory, travelling for ward towards the present from that point, picked up the second event in its turn, and stopped next at the year eighteen hundred and forty-five. The fishing village on the Somersetshire coast was still the scene; and the characters were once again—Mrs. Armndale and her son. Through the eight years that had passed, Mr. Brock's responsibility had rested on him lightly enough. The boy had given his mother and his tutor but little trouble. He was certainly slow over his books—but more from a constitutional inability to fix his attention on his tasks than from want of capacity to understand them. His tempera ment, it could not be denied, was heedless to the last degree: he acted recklessly on his first impulses, and rushed blindfold at all his conclusions. On the other hand, it was to be said in his favor, that his disposition was open as the day; a more generous, affectionate, sweet-tempered lad it would have been hard to find anywhere. A certain quaint origin ality of character, and a natural healthiness in all his tastes, carried him free of most of the dangers to which his mother's system of education inevitably exposed him. He had a thoroughly English love of the sea and of all that belongs to it; and, as he grew in years, there was no luring him away from the water- side, and no keeping him out of the boat- builder's yard. In course of time his mother caught him actually working there, to her infinite annoyance and surprise, as a volunteer. He acknowledged that his whole future ambi tion was to have a yard of his own, and that his one present object was to learn to build a boat for himself. Wisely foreseeing that such a pursuit as this for his leisure hours was exactly what was wanted to reconcile the lad to a position of isolation from companions of his own rank and age, Mr. Brock prevailed on Mrs. Armadale, with no small difficulty, to let her son have his way. At the period of that second event in the clergyman's life with his pupil which is now to be related, young Armadale had practised long enough in the builder's yard to have reached the summit of his wishes, by laying with his own hands the keel of his own boat. Late on a summer day, not long after Allan had completed his sixteenth year, Mr. Brock left his pupil hard at work in the yard, and went to spend the evening with Mrs. Armadale, taking the Times newspaper with him in his hand. The years that had passed since they had first met had long since regulated the lives of the clergyman and his neighbour. The first advances which Mr. Brock's growing admiration for the widow had led him to make, in the early days of their intercourse, had been met on her side by an appeal to his forbearance, which had closed his lips for the future. She had satisfied him, at once and for ever, that the one place in her heart which he could hope to occupy was the place of a friend. He loved her well enough to take what she would give him; friends they became, and friends they remained from that time forth. No jealous dread of another man's succeeding where he had failed em bittered the clergyman's placid relations with the woman whom he loved. Of the few resident gentlemen in the neighbourhood, none were ever admitted by Mrs. Armadale to more than the merest acquaintance with her. Contentedly self- buried in her country retreat, she was proof against every social attraction that would have tempted other women in her position and at her age. Mr. Brock and his newspaper appearing with monotonous regularity at her tea-table three times a week, told her all she knew, or cared to know, of the great outer world which circled round the narrow and change less limits of her daily life. On the evening in question Mr. Brook took the arm-chair in which he always sat, accepted the one cup of tea which he always drank, and opened the newspaper which he always read aloud to Mrs. Armadale, who invariably listened to him reclining on the same sofa, with the same sort of needlework everlastingly in her hand. "Bless my soul!" cried the rector, with his voice in a new octave, and his eyes fixed in astonishment on the first page of the newspaper. No such introduction to the evening read ings as this had over happened before in all Mrs. Armadale's experience as a listener. She looked up from the sofa in a flutter of curiosity, and besought her reverend friend to favour her with an explanation. "I can hardly believe my own eyes," said Mr. Brock. "Here is an advertisement, Mrs. Armadale, addressed to your son." Without further preface he read the ad vertisement, as follows: If this should meet the eye of ALLAN ARMADALE, he is desired to communicate, either personally or by letter, with Messrs, Hammick and Ridge (Lin coln's Inn Fields, London), on business of importance which seriously concerns him. Any one capable of informing Messrs. H. and R. where the person herein advertised can be found, would confer a favour by doing the same. To prevent mistakes, it is farther notiied that the missing Allan Armadale is a youth aged fifteen years, and that this advertisement is inserted at the instance of his family and friends." "Another family, and other friends," said Mrs. Armadale. "The person whose name appears in that advertisement is not my son." The tone in which she spoke surprised Mr. Brock. The change in her face, when he looked up, shocked ]him. Her delicate complexion had faded away to a dull white; her eyes were averted from her visitor with a strange mixture of confusion and alarm; she looked an older woman than she was, by ten years at least. "The name is so very uncommon," said Mr. Brock, imagining he had offended her, and trying to excuse himself. "It really seemed impossible there could be two per sons." "There are two," interrupted Mrs. Arma dale. "Allan, as you know, is sixteen years old. If you look back at the adver tisement, you will find the missing person described as being only fifteen. Although he bears the same surname and the same christian name, he is, I thank God, in no way whatever related to my son. As long as I live it will be the object of my hopes and prayers, that Allan may never see him, may never even hear of him. My kind friend, I see I surprise you; will you bear with me if I leave these strange circum stances unexplained? There is past mis fortune and misery in my early life too pain ful for me to speak of, even to you. Will you help me to bear the remembrance of it, by never referring to this again? Will you do even more—will you promise not to speak of it to Allan, and not to let that newspaper fall in his way?" Mr. Brock gave the pledge required of him, and considerately left her to herself. The rector had been too long and too truly attached to Mrs. Armadale to be capable of regarding her with any unworthy distrust. But it would be idle to deny that lie felt dis appointed by her want of confidence in him, and that he looked inquisitively at the ad vertisement more than once, on his way back to his own house. It was clear enough, now, that Mrs. Armadale's motive for bury ing her son as well as herself in the seclu sion of a remote country village, was not so much to keep him under her own eye, as to keep him from discovery by his namesake. Why did she dread the idea of their ever meeting? Was it a dread for herself, or a dread for her son? Mr. Brock's loyal belief in his friend rejected any solution of the difficulty which pointed at some past misconduct of Mrs. Armadale's, and which associated it with those painful remem brances to which she had alluded, or with the estrangement from her brothers which had now kept her parted for years from her relatives and her home. That night, he destroyed the advertisement with his own hand; that night he resolved that the sub ject should never be suffered to enter his mind again. There was another Allan Armadale about the world, a stranger to his pupil's blood, and a vagabond advertised in the public newspapers. So much accident had revealed to him. More, for Mrs. Arma dale's sake he had no wish to discover—and more, he would never seek to know. This was the second in the series of events which dated from the rector's connection with Mrs. Armadale and her son. Mr, Brock's memory, travelling on nearer and nearer to present circumstances, reached the third stage of its journey through the bygone time, and stopped at the year eighteen hundred and fifty, next. (To be continued.) 