COUNTRY NEWS. (From a Correspondent.) LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST MATTHEW’S CHURCH, BRIGHTON. Wednesday, the 17th October, m ay well be marked with red chalk in th e diary of passing events in the Brighton district, as having witnessed one of th e most gratifying re-unions, and interesting ceremonies that have ever taken place in it. For some weeks previously it was known that the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic Church, which is now in the course of erection, would be laid by the Most Rev Dr Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town. Very much interest was felt on the occasion by all classes of the community, and great preparations were made by the Boman Catholics for conducting the ceremony with proper eclat. I From an early hour of the 17th inst, the residents of all the surrounding dis tricts continued to arrive in the township, by all modes of conveyance. Some in the dashing carriage— some in neat dog-carts and gigs—some ladies mounted on horseback, while others availed themselves of vehicles of an humbler style, or made use of the common mode o f travelling which indulgent nature has kindly given to all. The very Rev W. J. Dunne, Vicar- General, arrived at an early hour to superintend the preparations necessary for the immediate performance of the ceremony, and for laying out with due tastf^ the elegant lunch which was being provided on the occasion. About II o’clock the Most Rev D r Murphy, with Clergymen from Hobart Town, arrived, and at about 12 o’clock, the hour at which the ceremony was advertised to commence, a considerable number of people from Hobart Town, Richmond, Bridgewater, and Bagdad, occupied the site upon which the new Church is to be erected. There were two booths provided, one for accommodating tbe Bishop and Clergymen whilst vesting, and the other of large dimensions for the guests -at lunch. Flags of all nations and - colonies floated proudly in the breeze, and shed an air of liveliness and gaiety over the whole scene. The childreu of both sexes were marshalled in large numbers, and Walked in procession before the Bishop and accompanying Clergy, on their way from the township to the Church. In addition to the Clergymen, viz, the Very Rev the Vicar-General, the Ven Archdeacon Hunter, Rev M. Keolian (Oatlands); Rev E. C. Marum, (Jerusalem) ; Rev J. Murphy, (H uon); Rev J. Sheehy, (New N orfolk ); Rev J Holohan, (Port Cygnet) ; and Revs M. Beechinor, and P. Hannebry. There were about 400 persons present on the occasion, Among them were—A. Finlay, Esq, Warden, Dr Butler, John J. Butler, Esq, J.P., W. Gunn, Esq, J.P., J. Hayes, Esq, and lady, Mr Councillor Goodwin, Mr Mr Councillor Reynolds, (Bagdad), Thos Wm Stanfield, Esq, and lady, H. Hunter, Esq, and Miss Hunter, Miss O’Meagher, Stephen Sheehy, Esq, Thomas Stanfield, Esq, Mr John Murphy, and the Misses Murphy, (Richmond), Miss Morgan, R. Fitzsimons, Esq, Mrs Fitzsimons, Mr Palmer, Mr John Fitzgerald, Mr J. Campbell, Mrs Campbell, Mr and Mrs Bailey and Family, Mr David Reynolds, Mrs Reynolds, Mr John McGrath, MrTntton Mr Haskell, Mr Hornby, Mrs Hornby, Mr M'Gowan, Mr Kenny, Mr McCullagh, Mr Gillon, Mrs and Miss Gillon, die, <tc. At the hour appointed the Bishop, ested in Pontifical robes, with the crozier m hand, and the mitre on his bead, proceeded with the Clergy walking two and two before him, to tbe chancel! where a temporary Cross was erected, nd a small table placed, on which was a ase containing water previously blessed, as laid ; and immediately commenced he ceremony of blessing the first stone, n the Latin language, in accordance with he Roman Ritual. First of all he sprinkled with holy water the place where the Cross was nxed, the Clergy in tbe meantime chanting the antiphon “ Signum Salutis” with the Psalm “ Qnam delicta.” The Psalm being finished, and tbe BiBhop having recited a prayer, blessed tbe stone, sprinkled it with the blessed water, and signed it through all its parts with the sign of tbe Cross, saying in the name of the “ Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.” Tbe Litany of the Saints was then chaaated, the Bishop and Clergy kneeling ; and immediately after the Bishop laid tbe stone in its proper place, saying “ in the faith o f Jesus Christ we place this stone in this foundation in the name of tbe Father and of the Son and of the H oly Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God, and brotherly love, and that this place m aybe dedicated to prayer, and to tbe invocation and praise of the ■name of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who With the Fatkeh and Holy Ghost liveth and reignelh God, for ever and ever,” “ e er ana The Builder then fixed the stone with mortar in its place, and the Bishoo sprinkled it with holy water. Afterwards the Psalm Miserere” was recited, and the Bishop walked Around the' foundation, throughout sprinkling it with bply water, and pausing three times-, to say appropriate prayers, the Clergy meanwhile. chanting the Antiphon “ O quam Nictuendus" and the Psalm 86 “ ■Fundaments ejus.” After reciting the hymn “ Veni Creator’ -and offering -other prayers proper for, the occasion, jthe Bishop addressed the assemblage in eloquent-terms, explanatory of the ceremony which bad ust been performed, o f the object for which the Church was being erected, and the advantages and blessings which it would entail on the community at large Within the stone, in a recess made for the purpose, was placeda bottle contain- ‘ ng the Newspapers of the day, some ilver and copper coins, and a document written in Latin on, parchment, of which he following is a translation :—“ The Most Rev Daniel Murphy, Bishop of Bobart Town, laid the first stone of this Church to be dedicated to the One and Triune God, under the invocation of St Matthew, Apostle, in the 21st year of the Pontificate of the Most Holy Father Pius IX. Supreme Pontiff;' in the 30th yew of the reign of Victoria, Queen • Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, being Governor-General of Tasmania; H. Hunter, Esq, being architect; Mr John Gillon, being builder; and the Very Rev W. J. Dunne, Vicar-General, being Pastor of the district. . At Hie end of the ceremony a collection in aid of the Church funds was made, and the sum of £ 6 6 9s 4d, including £ 2 0 from the Bishop, £ 8 Is forwarded for the occasion by Messrs John and Edward Stanfield, of F iu gal; and £ 3 from Mr Palmer, of Bagdad, &c;, <fcc was laid upon the stone. ’ . To the lunch then, which was laid out with much taste and elegance, in a booth, blooming with flowers and evergreens, and which abounded with everything pleasing to the eye and palatable to the taste, the whole assemblage then merrily proceeded. The chair was occupied by the Very Rev W. J. Dunne Vicar-General, Tbos Stanfield, Esq, filling tb e vice-chair. It would be difficult to describe the number as well as the variety o f dishes of fowls, bams, sucking-pigs &c;, &c;, under which the tables literally groaned on the occasion. Suffice it to say that the sight of them was one from which the celebrated “ Webb” could leam a wholesome lesson, and which would lead to th e belief that the Hon Edward ^Abbott’s Cookery Book was well studied in the Brighton district, and eveu on the Dromedary Mountain. On the ight of the chairman sat the Bishop r Butler, W. Gunn, Esq, John J. utler, Esq, dec, and on the left A. Finlay, sq, Warden, Mrs Fitzsimons, J. Hayes, sq, Mrs Murphy, the Misses Murphy,Miss organ, Mr Fitzsimons, the Clergy, <fec, ccupying such seats as they could find. After partaking of the good things provided, the Chairman rose and said th a t dispensing with the usual loyal toasts of Her Majesty, the Queen, and th e Royal Family, he would propose one or two toasts only, as there were many persons auxiously desirous of occupying their places. The first toast he would propose, was that of “ The Most Rev tb e Bishop” whom he was sure they all welcomed to the district. Tbe Bishop responded in suitable terms expressive of the pleasure he felt in meeting so many of the resident gentry and people on the occasion, congratulatin g them on erecting so beautiful a Church, and hoping he would soon renew th eir acquaintance at the solemn opening o f the Church for the performance of D ivine Service. The Chairman next proposed “ Pros erity to the Brighton District” coupling ith it the Magistracy, and naming the h ief Magistrate, Mr Finlay. M r Finlay, in an eloquent speech reurned thanks on the part of the Magisracy and District. c h S 6 Cbairmaa ^ e n haring vacated the The Bishop said they should not depart without proposing another toast. f 4-iL0r£ ihlp Proposed “ the health o f th e Very Rev Dr Dunne, to whose zeal, he said the erection of the Church was to be attributed, and whom they should thank for the magnificent feast of w h ich they had partaken. T h e Very Rev Dr Dunne acknowledged the toast, stating that the erection of a Church was a great want there, to supply w hich, was only an ordinary duty, and that he was much encouraged by tbe people of the district, who were all subecnbing very Uberally, and sending their eamB to cart all the materials required or th e building ; and by the sympathy th at was shown on that occasion by the gentry present. And as to the banquet, W . ^ a3 ?he pe°Ple ot the to w hom thanks were due for it, for it was iven by them, and given with a genera- I r v h wf most creditable to them. M r Tutton (Richmond), said he would ask permission to propose one toast more, from l? umany, bright V" around him heThn® and other places, and tovful nre Could not terminate their without proposing th e health of the Ladies.” F S J “£ing beeu responded to way was made anxioua visitors, until all had partaken of the good things provided for them. I he children were regaled with abundance of c.-.ke and other sweet things, and. great was havoc which they caused upon them. ' The Church is situate on a most comr „ Dd“ § r r n’ overluuking the Towu- ?b‘pV .Plan comprises a .nave 60 Infin ??1 feet’ baVi,’S'an apodal terminaHon at the east eud ; sacristy 14 feet by 12 feet ; and porch 9 feet by 7 feet The west end o f nave has a triplet lancet windoa with cusped beads, and tbe belfrev ,a T?UrnT UtC? by a handsome belfry. The side windows of 7nave are simple lancets with cusped heads, in each bay between buttresses; the oblique aides of the apse are filled with two light windows, the beads being filled with geometrical tracery. The extreme end is blank, and affords space over the Altar for a fine painting or Altar-piece. The roofs are to be all open to tbe ridge, lined with pme, the whole stained and vaanished , from the’ nave b y T t i m ^ S Communion Rail 0f suitable design. Die cost will be about £800, and Henry Hunter, Esq, Hobart Town, is the rchitect. 