Era?ma it must be a popular delusion to sup pose that the Colonial Treasurer is hard-up for money, or else the Government must be very hard-up for votes; for we find the Minis ter for Lands and Works stating in the House on Friday that he had agreed to the survey of a railway line from Maryborough to Gayn-?ah-" not with the view of constructing a railway, but to define a railway should one afterwards be required"-in other words, to deceive the people of the Burnett as he has deceived those of Brisbane and lhockhampton by a pretence of doing what he knows he has nbt the power to accomplish. " A sum for the purpose would appear on the supplemen tary estimates!" It is to be hoped that its appearance there will merely be the signal for its disappearance altogether. Probably the Government desire as much: they seek only to keep the word of promise to the ear, and care little about breaking it to the hope. We have a sortofrecollection ofresdingsomespeeclh of the ?MinisterforLands,delivered somewhere, in which that straightforward politician expressed his belief that a certain lits of railway, if constructed, would not pay the cost of the oil forlubricating the engines. Surely this could not have been the line from Mary borough to Gayndah, or he would never have agreedto a survey being made. WTe are told that a sum "for the purpose" is to aplpear on the supplementary estimates, but we are not told what "the piurpose" is. It cannot be the makling of a railway survey, because, even according to the uminister's own statement, the New Zealander may be sketchling the ruins of St. Paul's, and Degilbo may have sunk lower than the level of tio sea, ere there is the least prospect of the steam whistle waking up the Ghost of BIn l BInn, or a rail way line from the M-ary to the Burnett pay ing working expenses. For what "purpose" then is the sum I laced on the supplcment.ry estimates, and how can it be supposed that the House will vote it ? If there had been any real intention of making the survey, it would have been done quietly, like that from Ipswich to Brisbane, and then Mr. Wai.sir would not have given notice of that ugly motion of his for this evening. The fact is, however, that the votes of the metropolitan members are of more value than those of MIr. ELior and MIr. War.sac, and it was worth while making a rather bold stroke to catch them. jTho propriety of purchasing support to an administration by an otherwise unnecessary expenditure is, to say the least of it, very questionable, especially when the Government have to come to the people's representatives i?n forma pauperts for tmhe money. Parlin ment is not supposed to iass votes in com. mittee of supply for the mere purpose of keeping a certain set of meoon in offlie, "tod yet it is impossible for thIe Minister to say thlat he asked for this railway survey item for any other purpose. lIe had not the sli,,htest c.. pectation, of course, of getting it, alnd, even ifi' he had, his conduct, thougb more straight forward, would not be less ohjectionnlle, inas much as he states distin'ctli that the lihe is not likely to be wanted for very many years -may perhaps never be walltedd-arld yet hle asks us to go to the expense of surr-visg it. VWe hardly think, howtever, that either IMr. E?mor or Mr. WALrsI is a relonn ensohi bird to be cihught with such .h|aff'; nnl it, is blad enough for us to have to pay (wih money borrowed at six pet cent.) for surveys alroea:lv sanctioned, which are not lilt, ly to, be r-quired for years, without Ieing asked to, expemd oars scanty means stmply for the sake of tickling the fancy of a few unreoasonable peoplle in thleI districts of Burnett and Wide Bay. The Rocklanpton railwny was a blunder, as is now clearly evident, and for the Governnent who Iknow this to talk of commencing a line fiom Miaryborough to OGa;yndah is preplster OUS. 