VALEDICTORY MEETING- TO THE REV W. TAYLOR. A farewell meeting to the Rev. William Taylor was held in the Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel, on Thursday evening, February 15. The spacious chapel was completely filled in every part, and the Rev. John Wataford. Chairman of the District, presided. Ihe proceedings having been opened with singing and prayer, • The Chairman made a few opening remarks. He said he had often stood in Pirie- street Chapel to preach, but on that evening he felt more nevous than ever he had felt before. They had met there that night to say good-bye to the Rev. Mr. Taylor, who for the last two years and a half had been laboring in these colonies; also to give him an opportunity to say good-bye to them. There were other speakers to follow him, but they were not to make long- speeches as they were only to have one long speech that night, and that speech was to be from the Rev. Wm. Taylor himself. They had a difficnlt work to do that night. It was a hard thing to tell a man of his faults, and it was also a hard thing to praise a man before his face. They all knew that he (Mr. Watsford) had very little demonstration about him, and that he could not praise any body^up very much. It was not in him; but he saw friends around him who were just the persons to do it. Since they had heard Mr, Taylor they had been much pleased with him. They had co-operated fully with him, and they rejoiced in the success of his labors. (Hear, hear). The visit of the Rev. Mr. Taylor had given him (the Chairman) muoh honor. He had the honor of moving the last vote of thanks of the Conference to him for his valuable services, and now he had the honor of being Chairman at the last meeting which the ;Rev, Mr. Taylor would attend in Adelaide. (Applause). Wherever Mr. Taylor went his (the Chairman's) prayers would go with him. (Hear, hear). The Rev. John Cope next briefly addressed the meeting. He could adopt the remarks of the last speaker as his own. He felt that evening in the position of wanting to say some thing, and yet he did not know where to find suitable words with which to say what he intended. It was a source of great pleasure to him to be with Mr. Taylor in those labors which he had been bestowing on the Church. He rejoiced in that special Providence which had enabled them to see Mr. Taylor amongst them. Though it might not appear very bright to Mr. Taylor at first it had done good to them. His whole heart had been with Mr. Taylor in his labors, and he thanked God for the successes which had been achieved by him. He (Mr. Cope) felt that in parting with Mr. Taylor he was parting with one his soul loved, and who God had honored. He felt that he had exceeded the time which had been allotted for them by the Committee and should there fore resume his seat. Mr. John Colton, M.P., was very glad that they had only to make short apeeohes, because he had not a speech to make. The previous speaker had been very brief—his speech had scarcely occupied the time which had been allowed. The Committee had allowed them five minutes each, there fore he should not detain them long. He believed that he was rather more capable of administering rebuke than he was of administering the other dose. (Laughter.) He knew that his friend Mr. Scott was to follow him, and he could put things right in a,very neat manner. He had personally very muoh enjoyed the company and ministrations of the Rev. Mr. Taylor. It had been profitable for them to sit under his ministry, and he (Mr. Colton) thought that one reason why he (Mr. Taylor) had been so successful was, that he had the faoultv of putting the points in such a simple and compre hensive manner as to rivet the attention and im press the mimjB of his headers. He thought that WW by God's blesBing that he put the truth in such a practical manner. The same truths bad been presented to them before, but not in such a clear and plain manner. In this colony Mr. Taylor had been pre-eminently successful, and he hoped that wherever he might go, he would be even more successful. (Applause.) He knew they would all join with him in hoping that Mr. Taylor and his excellent lady would be spared to reach the Cape of Good Hope in safety. He believed God had blessed his (Mr. Taylor's) labors for his disinte restedness in the work. He had great pleasure in in being permitted to take part in that meeting, and of having the opportunity of hearing the last words of their esteemed friend. (Applause.) ^ Mr. James Scott, before commencing to speak, would II beg leave to read a letter which he had received from the % Rev. S. Ironside, expressing his regret at being unable to be present at that meeting, on account of a prior engagement at. the Meadows, but stating that he had made ail arrange ments to be in town by Friday evening. He (Mr. Scott) then said he had much pleasure in being present to express his respect to Mr. Taylor. Everything that was respectful and sincere had been presented in the Rev. Mr. Taylor's character. He (Mr. Scott) loved him, truly loved him. That was the involuntary tribute which his mind paid to Mr. Taylor. (Applause.) .He had admired the ministration of the Rev. Mr. Taylor." He had experienced great pleasure in listening to him. He should never, never forget him, and he thanked God that he had seen his face. His (Mr. Taylor's) brotherly kindness had won him many kindly feelings. Might God bless him wherever he went, and in whatever country he might be. (Applause.) Mr. G-. W. Cotton was then called upon to read the address which had been prepared by the Committee for the Rev. Mr. Taylor. He stated that in consequence of the time for holding that meeting having, been altered the address was not quite so complete as they wished to make it, so that if any roughness was deteoted in it they must excuse it. He then read the address, as follows "To the Rev. ffm. Taylor, of the Californian Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church of America. " Reverend and Dear Sir—We, on behalf of the members and friends of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church in South Australia, now that the period of your labors among us is brought to a close, cannot allow you to pass away from our midst without some enduring expression of our affectionate regard for you, and some token of our appreciation of the great benefit ourselves and our families, by the blessing of our Great Father, have received while you have been among us. We have witnessed the great grace. < which our Lord Jesus Christ has bestowed upon youia constraining you to become a man of one work—to win souls to him—and how you have studied to concentrate all the well- regulated powers of mind and body to this work with all the force of a clear philosophical perception, and ike a wise master builder have fitly framed together lhe structure of your speech, not so much with the enticing words of man's wisdom, as that you might with the demonstration of the spirit and with power bring sinners to the feet of Jesus. And to this end, whether the arena has beeen the pulpit, the platform, or the lecture hall, your utterances have yielded no doubtful sound—no sacrificing of the grand principles of the Gospel of the ever blessed God to the demands of a captious and self satisfied age. The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, has been by you exhibited in its true light as sufficient to satisfy the longings of the loftiest intellect, as well as the heart's desire of the humblest believer. The book has not only been to you a text-book, but your sermon-book, your lecture scroll, and your speech notes, thereby offering to our youth a position of moral strength and support in the midst of scepticism and mental incertitude that will never fail them whilst memory endures. And while on this topic we cannot omit to mention the treat afforded to us by the perusal of your three volumes, and the joy and satisfaction it affords to us to know that you have been prompted to prepare for the Press a resume of some passages in your discourses delivered among us with so much unotion and power. " Ever ready to enter heartily into every scheme for aiding the funds of our local institutions, you have constantly and steadily refused to receive pecuniary compensation for the very efficient help you have afforded to our pecuniary resources, and have only employed the proceeds of your books, and of your lectures in furtherance of the valuable public institution you had specially undertaken to advance; but we could not allow you to depart without some small expression of our regard for you weighed in the balances of this world's good; and without infringing the rule you have acted upon so persistently, we resolved to make a present to Mrs. Taylor, whom we now rejoice to see among us, and we now ask you to convey to her in addition our kindest sym pathy under the family affliction so happily passing away. "As the minister of a Church, essentially one with us— for the Methodist Episcopal Church dates from the same revival of apostolical Christianity and owns the same founder—you have fully accorded with ourselves in recog nising the paramount claims of our Conference, while that assembly has shown its fraternal regard for the great American Churoh with which you are connected, as well as its estimate of your valuable services in these southern lands, by the vote of thanks presented to you in the two annual Conferences held during your stay in these colo nies; and we now request you to convey to the mem bers of your own proper Church our greeting, and tell them how the heart of the Methodist Church in our land throbs in unison with theirs in the great Christian enterprise. And while we thank God for your presence among us, it has been a matter of pleasing interest to observe how faithfully you have exhibited that feature of the Gospel, which, unlike the partizanship in the Corinthian Church, inculcates proper regard for all our ministers, whom we highly esteem for their work's sake. These are ever with us, and all we have as Christiana we owe under God to them. Most of us were brought to the Saviour through their instrumentality; and the many gathered in while you have been with us will be cared for to the end by them, our brethren and fathers in the ministry; and little could we have esteemed any one who caused a slight, even unintentionally, to be placed on them. And now we say last words of parting, but not for ever. We ask for and we promise mutual prayers for help through the wilder ness, and as one after another is called into the august pre sence of the Blessed Jesus we shall meet again, where all our joys of communion on earth will be eternally perpe tuated. To Him be glory for ever and ever: Amen. " Adelaide, South Australia, February 16, 1866." The Rev. J. Watsfobd then presented the address, which was tastefully engrossed on parchment, to the Rev. Mr. Taylor, and said he was quite sure that he (Mr. Taylor) had all their earnest prayers for his future welfare. The way was now quite dear for him to make a long farewell address. (Hear, hear). The Rev. William Taylor, who was received on rising with loud applause, then addressed the meeting at a great length. He said he usually felt at home in the pulpit, as they were all aware, and he also felt at home on the plat form on ordinary occasions, but the present was an occa sion peculiarly embarrasing to him. He very heartily ap preciated their sympathy and kind expressions of good-will which had been manifested towards him that night, but it was very embarrasing when he seemed to be the object of attention. He was in the habit of hiding himself behind the cross, but now he was shoved out into an advanced position, which he did not like at all. Reference had been made to a special providence. He was the subject of a special providence, and be believed that every one was. He had had a great variety of experiences, and that fact would account for the facility which he had of gaining so many hearts. He knew the bitter pangs of many hearts, and he knew the joys of many hearts. He had in his life expe rienced a vast variety of enjoyments and trials. He had experienced reverses more bitter than death; but they had, under Providence, worked patience, and he had yet the love of God in his heart. He had first passed through the fiery ordeal; but it had not destroyed him. it had only purged away some of the dross and prepared him for the work ot God. He referred to his losses by fire in California and his subsequent travels, and spoke of a local A preacher in Victoria who came to see him and*# said to him—" Oh, brother Taylor, I have been, thanking God for that fire in California—it has been the means of the saving of so many souls. My own wife, who has been persecuting me for these last 45 years, heard you preach, and now she is as mild as an angel and as gentle as a lamb." (Laughter.) Inreferring to his arrival in Australia he said that when he left California he had no idea of ever coming to Australia. He did not know where he was going. The first instrument in leading him in this direction was the person an English peasant would call "my missus." (Laughter.) Some four years ago she offered that if he would go to England, and visit Palestine and other countries, and prepare himself for study, she would take the children and go to California, and wait for him there. He thanked her for her disinterested offer, but replied that he had no money to travel with. About a fort night after that conversation he was in Peterborough staying with Dr. Browne, a brother from Australia, and ne at length, by the power of his eloquence, prevailed upon him to examine the subject, and shortly after he wandered out into a Canadian forest when the snow was three feet deep, and he kneeled down under an ancient pine tree, prayed to God, and worked out a programme which he had been ful filling in these colonies. (Hear, hear.) He had very strong inducements to stay in England, but when the time arrived for him to start for Australia, he buckled on his armor and braced himself up for the work. He commenced his labors in the Wesleyan Church on the 2lst June, two years and eight montb3 ago. He need not refer to it in detail, as it was quite familiar to them. His movements had been quite public and open, and were known to all of them. He had been constantly under the care of friends, that all his actions were known. In fact he had had scarcely any private life since he had been in the colonies*#*^ except when he was asleep-(laughter)—and he was happy* to know that he had given satisfaction. (Hear, hear) To please his friends was not his object, but to avoid giving offence was his nature. He could not afford to quarrel with anybody. He had ran pretty dear in the oolonies, and had nothing to complain of. One minister had lectured against Araerioan revivals, and he (Mr.. Taylor) had been told of it, but had taken no notice of it, and had held meetings in the same place, where he met with great success. Unlesa damaging lies were told of him, he never turned, his head to listen to what was said. It was impossible for any one to go through the word endeavoring to do good, without haying somethipg said about him, He was very happy to say that the Press of this and the other colonies had treated him very kindly. He might, perhaps, have been attacked now and then by a little paper, but they were only the popguns, the great guns had not been directed against him. Reference had been made to his preaching. The Bible was his book of study. The Book he used In writing the books which were' referred to in the address were the Bible—Webster's Dictionary to help him if he mistook the orthography of a word, and Cruden's Con cordance to assist him in the Bible. His teacher was God and the Holy Ghost. Whenever he found a difficult passage of any importance, he did not consult anybody, but took the Bible and prayed to the Holy Ghost for light, and he was sure to get it either that day or the next. He thought one ground of the failure of the Church to progress was, the ignoring of the Holy Ghost. (Hear.) After some further remarks, he referred to the Methodist Episcopalian Church in America, which he said was instituted by Wesley through Dr. Cope. He spoke of the Church government in America. They had a representative in the British Confer ence every four years, and received one from them. Tbey had a membership of nearly a million, and 7,000 travelling ministers. They had 60 annual conferences besides mis sionary conferences in India, Germany, and Siberia. He referred to the late war in America, which had caused so much stagnation, and said they applied to their mission in the Sonth, 400,«00 dollars, and at home and abroad 1,000,000 dollars. He mentioned those facts to show that the war had not ex tinguished them. (Hear, hear.) He again thanked them for their hearty good wishes, both on behalf of himself and his companion in tribulation and in joy, and referred to Mrs. Taylor in affectionate terms, speaking of the sufferings and trials she had endured, and said although he deolined to receive gifts, and his friends, knowing that, had not offered " him any, he thought that Mrs. Taylor deserved hers, and as it had come he should not quarrel with them about it. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) If they appreciated Mrs, Taylor, as she was there, weak and broken down, he had no doubt that they would think more of her if they saw her in a healthy and robust state. To say good-bye he knew was painful, but it was not for ever, as the address said. That was the benefit of the Christian's hope in a life after death. Good-bye only meant that they would take different roads, hut they would all come out together again at the other end. They would ail meet at the other end of the line to part no more. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman concluded a speech of about an hour and a half in length by saying that he did not expect to see their faces again in this world, but be hoped he should see them in their Father's kingdom above; so he would say good-bye. (Loud and long-continued applause.) The Chairman said he congratulated air. Taylor that he was going in a first- class vessel, and with a first-class captain. He also congratulated Captain Louttit on the fact that Mr. Taylor was amongst the passengers. He would keep them all alive, and was worth taking over free. (Hear, and laughter.) Capfe. Louttit said he felt honored in having Mr. Tay lor amongst his passengers, and he hoped that the vesssel would take them all safe, and allow him to land the Rev. Mr. Taylor and family safe at the Cape. He hoped that he (Mr. Taylor) would he as favorably received at Cape Town as he had been in Victoria and New South Wales, and especially in South Australia. (Hear, and applause.) A unanimous vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, and the meeting was closed with the doxology and benediction. Previous to the commencement of the above a meeting was held at the chapel, the Rev. J. Cope in the chair, when Mr. Jas. Scott, in a neat and appropriate speech, presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of her friends, a purse of 125 sovereigns. The Rev. "W. Taylor returned thanks on behalf of Mrs. Taylor, and the meeting closed. 