Friday-August 17. Before the police-magistrate and Mr. Gibson. Joseph Whalin, junr., charged with stealing a counterpane and a loaf of broad belonging to Ann Cook, was remanded to Monday. James Godbor, junr., under committal for larceny and on bail, who had been apprehended at the instance of his father, who believed that he was about to abscond, was remanded till to-day. Thomas Jones, arrested on suspicion of stealing a gun, a shirt, and a pair of blankets the property of a shepherd named Huckle, was remanded till to-day. Joseph Halfpenny senior, Joseph Halfpenny junior, and Mrs. Halfpenny, wife of the older defendant, were charged with assaulting Robert Kennedy. Prosecutor had given evidence against the younger defendant some time since for illegally using o horse, and he was sentenced to a month's imprisonment. On Friday, the 10th, the defend ants met complainant, and the elder male defendant struck him and the younger throw stones at him. The case against the female defendant was dis missed. Joseph Halfpenny senior was sent to jail for fourteen days, and Joseph Halfpenny junior for seven days. Thomas Day was charged by Elizabeth Goodchild with deserting her illegitimate child, of which he is the father. Ordered to pay 5s per week for six months. THE GOULBURN GHOST-It is not worth while to notice stories that are occasionally related of strange sights supposed to be soon and unaccountable noises said to be heard in one place or other; but a case has just occurred which has formed the staple sub ject of conversation in Goulburn during the week, and has led to the intervention of the police being requested. The fact appears to be that in a house in Auburn-street occupied by Mr. Rogers, and formerly known as the O'Connell Inn, certain noises have been heard of late which it seemed impos sible to account for. Mr. Rogers is a cabinet-maker, and his shop is full of furniture; and accordingly, instead of the orthodox groans and rattle of chains, the noises complained of have taken the more conve nient form of resembling a knocking about of Mr. Rogers's furniture. All sorts of theories, more or less wild, have been current on the subject; and the past history of the house has been generally related by the older residents; but though the story is doubtless somewhat singular it has no relation to the recent disturbances. Some of our townsmen took the trouble to watch about the place on Tuesday night, and the result was the capture of a half witted fellow known as Charley, who sleeps in the next house, also occupied by Mr. Rogers, and where the noises have also been heard. He was taken under circumstances which, though not altogether conclusive, led his captors to believe that the noises were made by him, and accordingly he received some slight summary punishment on the spot. It it said that Charley had not access to the furniture shop, and that therefore he could not have made all the noise complained of. But it does not appear that there have been any ghostly manifesta tions since he was caught. THE WRECKS RELIEF FUND--The concert in aid of the above fund to be given by some of the Goul burn amateurs is fixed to come off Wednesday next. POLICE-OFFICE ROSTER. - August 20th, G. H. Thorn and W. E. Dignam, Esqs; August 22nd, W. H. Hovell and A. S. Chisholm, Esqs; August 24th F. R. L Rossi and A. G. Huthwaite, Esqs. THE SUPERINTENDENT OF TELEGRAPHS.- On the return of Mr. Cracknell from Europe the following address, signed by all the officers of the electric telegraph department, was presented to him: - Dear Sir - On the occasion of your leaving Australia for the purpose of witnessing for yourself the improvements made in telegraphy in Europe and America, we had the satisfaction of addressing to you the expression of our esteem and respect and of conveying a hope that you would, under Divine Providence, return to the colony in safety. It is with thank fulness we now hail the realisation of that hope. We are satisfied that the observations you have made during your tour will be of the utmost advantage to the colony, and that your advocacy of the interests of the Australian group on the subject of telegraphic communication with other countries will prove of considerable efficacy. We are also assured that the present importance and, we trust, efficiency of the department are in great measure of your own creating, and that in you each of us, as long as he shows himself worthy of it, has a personal friend. Hence we cannot permit the occasion of your safe return from a voyage which recent events have but too plainly shown to be fraught with many dangers to pass without conveying to you this inadequate but sincere welcome. Trusting that you may long be spared to superintend the affairs of the department to which we have the honor to belong. We are, dear sir, yours faithfully, [Here followed the signatures.] Mr. Cracknell returned the following reply:- To the Gentlemen who have signed the Address- With feelings of utmost pleasure I have received your king and hearty welcome on my safe return amongst you, for which accept my best and heartfelt thanks. As you anticipated I found during my journeys in Europe and America considerable improvements made in the science in which we are all so much interested, many of which improvements it will be my pleasing duty to instruct you in, either by writing a paper and distrib uting it amongst you or by calling a meeting of all stations by connecting all the lines to one key in the chief office and trans mitting its contents by telegraph simultaneously. The latter plan I think will be novel and interesting. During my tour I was honoured with introductions to and conversations with most of the leading me in the profession you have adopted. I allude to Faraday, Morse, Sir Charles Bright, Latimer, Clark, Fleming, Jenkin, Siemens, Major General Chuaven, Stager, Culley, and a number of others, who by their courtesy and kindness assisted me very materially in obtaining the information I so much needed. Your flattering remarks in reference to the efficiency of the department I cannot in justice take entirely to myself. With out the zealous attention and close application so generally displayed throughout the service, my endeavours could not have been crown with the same success, and I feel assured that no exertions on your part will be wanting in assisting me to attain for it if possible a still higher state of perfection. Again thanking you for the good feeling and kind wishes expressed in your address. I am gentlemen, Sincerely and faithfully yours, E. C. Cracknell. DARING BURGLARY AT MELBOURNE. - One of the most daring burglaries that has ever been attempted in the colony, and which would have proved one of the most disastrous but for the timely discovery of the affair, was made on Sunday morning on the premises of Messrs. Brush and Macdonnell, the extensive jewellers and silversmiths in Collins-street. At what hour the burglars commenced their attempt to get into the store is not precisely known; but froin the evidence shown by their opeorations it is probablo they began a little before daylight on Sundnay morning. 'lho discovery of their proceedings owas made about ten o'clockl yesterday morning by one of Ieossrs. Blrosh and ioacdonnell's shopmnen, who, it appears, wont to the shop nccording to custom to soee that all was right. Ont opening the shop door, hio at once saew that burglars lhad been aet worvk exten nively, and presoently discovered two men inl the shop, who, on observing hinci at once mne do oil. Ho attenmpted to follow them, but they stopped and threatened to brain him if he chased them, and they lhen got away. T.ho shopmun tit once gave information to lihe detectives, who proceeded to examine the placo, when it was fonllld tlhat thie burglare not being able to cfLect ean eontrance through lMeesrs. I]rush and [Macdonnell's door, haed brocken into the oilices of Messrs. Ilurlko and Ollard, solicitors, and had worked their way tllrough ct passlgo and three or follr doors, which they had bored through or otherwise forced open until they haed fcletled an entrenco into the room above the jowellers' shop. Hoere they not regulalrly to work, boring through the Iloori until they had mado an opening snlliciently large to tdmlit them into the shop, ind at this ntlgo it must have boon when tl e shopmn n cmeto upon the rcone to upiot their scheme. In their hurry to teace olff they loft bohlind all their tools, consisting of nn ironl brace with complete sot of augurs, a nunber of bits to lit the brace, and a quantity of chisels, beosides other articles necessry to the trndo. That they lhan not been idle while they wero in the place is quito ovident from the traces they loft behind, as they Ihavo bored throughl almost overy door which opposed their progress. Thi most antisfectory feet to relate in connection with the anllhir in that from thl deoscrintion given of thu olfonders by the lhopman thui doloctiVes woro speoodily on the track of the desporadooes, and befolre one o'clock in the day Detectives William, Huadson, and Powell had them safely in oustody. Ono is HIenry Bryant, a noted magsman and old offender, and the other is Henry Andrews, a scarcoly loss notable person in the acquaintance of the police. The burglary was ovidontly one of the class which had lately become of common occurrence in London, tho thieves, no doubt, intending to remain in the shop during the day, selecting the articles of the highost value and packing them up until night, when they doubtless expected to got off clear, As well as tl;o tools they left bohind, t lady's reticule waes foumd which would have hold a largo quantity of such valuable property as was in th t shoup, and besides this thero was a pillow- case, so that if the thieves had boon content with only one cargo, the value of tile property they would have carried away mUst hlave reached somao thousands. Fortunately their attempts wore frustrated, and by the praiso worthy activity of our detectives they wor spooeedily captured.-Tho prisoner Bryant is the maul who bailed out lRogers, concerned in the Argus Hotel affray, when ho appealed to the general sessions ngailst the conviction of the mugistratos.-M-ol bournu Herald. \Vu.ro ln Rnstaves.-Wo udroendortand that Mr. bicensed Surveyor Thompson has boon directed to survey the suburban allotments of the village of Solton, on Gondoroo, about twelvo miles distant from Quooanboyan. The same gentleman is also instructed to subdivide the villago reserve at 'Tug granong into farms of about forty acres each, and not into town allotments as stated by us a few wooeeks go. Tho lands thus to be surveyed will out up into many farms of the dimensions montionod-tho Tuggranong reserve into betweeon thirty and forty farms, most of them being of good soil, oetco. When surveyed, the whole will be offered for sale by auction, and will not be open to conditional purchase, though it is most probable that after the salo the reservation will be cancelled, and any unsold por tions loft for free selection as ordinary crown lands. We are desirous of drawing the attention of agricoul turists to the opportunities which will shortly occur of procuring a lirat-rato farm in either of the above localities, whore are long we hope to son thriving sottlements.-Quoanboyan Ago. MAc's lRFnr.-A movement has been sot on foot to establish a company under the Limited Liabili ties Act for better working of certain portions of laon's Reef. Weo are informed that a mooting for this purposeo ws held last Saturday, at Nowington, when it was resolved that the abandoned ground on the north lead north of Lonihan and Co.'s claim, should be worked by a company represented by 200 shares at L£ each, and that claims twelve and thirteen (Chynoweth and Co's) be included in the ground taken up by the said company, the present holders having signified their willingness to hand over their interest to the company on payment being made to themo of the actual cost already incurred. The block will than comprise a large area of ground including many shafts already sunk, some of which are on the roof. Several shares have already been taken up. We trust this movement will not only succeed, but be followed by others ofa kindred charactor; for it is only by co-operation of this kind that success can onsue in attempts to develop the resources of auriferous quartz-reofs.--Somo better results are being obtained from lato crushings. A man known as " Cranky Jack" lately purchased 40 or 50 tons of quartz from the owners of an aband oned shaft; the quartz is now being crushed and is said to give ovidence of being as rich as the best that has yet been crushed.-Quoanbeynn Ago. GoVER?a?sEx LAND SAL.--On Saturday last the land agent oflfered for sale in the Tass court-house thirty-nine portions of land, consisting of country lots on Spring Creek, opposite It. Iumu s 320 acres, on the road from Whoeo to Goulburn, adjoining the west boundary of Loughnan's 20 acres, and on the Cooradigboo, adjacent to Williams's 240 acres; suburban lots on and near the Cooradigboo River, and town lots in tho salubrtous village of Cooradig eho. 'he attendance was more nanmerous than at tihoe ale on lthe previous dy, for whilst no one was Ipresent on IlLat oce:sion, there wrore no leoss than five 1prones it tihe sale no Saturdaly. Mr. HIiamilton IIlllo purchased theo irot lot, consisting of 320 neres, oppnsito his 1320 acres; Mr. Johni houghlnn? of GCrabben Gllen, porchased 32 acres adjoiming the west boundary of hlis 0 acres, and Mr. J. G. II. Williams purohased .18 acres adjacent to his 210 acres. All theoso roalised the upoot price. For tho remainder of the portions of land no offer was made, nld it is more than probable that the three lots that wore sold would have remainedo the wasto lands of the crown had they not boon situated contiguous to the freoholds of the gontlolnon who became the pur chasoro.-- Ycss (ourior. T'iu OceIrrATIO 01or CIROWN LTAns.-It is now beyond alt doubt that the government intends to do its host to omasculato tlie Crown Lands Occupation Act. lBy this mlovenmnt they will bo onabled to command the general support of the squatting in Lorest, which is very Iowerful in the IIouso. Their irst stop will bo to giveo the crown tenants an indo feasihbl right to the ronowal of their loneases, which right will, in point of flct, confer the idvantages of freehold without th inconvenieont condition of pur chlsing. ThI vast donmains of the colony will thus ie handed over to the rapacious squattor, who, in return, will most willingly koop ifr. Martin and his itody colloeagu, Mr. John Bowie Wilson, in sllico. Mr. alertin's circumstances of lifo placo him beyond the temptations of pandoring to any section of tile community for his daily broa d; hbut Mr. Wilson's hydropatllc practiceo is not sulliciontly romunerative to remove him beyond suspiuiotn of truckling for the loeaves of olico. We can scarcely bring ourdelvos to eliovo that MIr. 1'arkes, theto " tribuno of the people," would consent to such gross opolia lion of the public properly as that contemplated. 'lhe liberal party in the louseo should organiao it firm opposition, whilst out of doors the people thIelmslvos should be up and stirring.-Yass Courier. ACCIDENTALLY TAKING POISON.—Yesterday even ing a little girl about seven or eight years of age, daughter of Mr. W. Davis, of Sutton, on the Yass River, swallowed some bread on which strychnine had been placed for the purpose of destroying vermin. As soon as the fact became known her father brought her into town in his gig to Dr. Campbell. It is hoped that the treatment pursued by the medical gentleman will prevent fatal consequences.—Yass Courier. AIr ocn RolnlEv.-oOn Saturday evening or early on Sunday morning, information was receivod by the Yass polico that a man named Georgo Need ham had been robbed at Bowning by some working men with whom he had been travelling from Yass thither. It appears that up to some week or so ago, Noodham was working for M[r. Jackson, a saddlor residing in this town, and after leaving his employ ihe commenced drinking hard. Iowovor, towards the close of the woeek h wais sulliciontly capable to leave town, and we ire informed that on doing so ihe had in his possession about £2 and a goldwashod watch. On the road to Bowning ihe fall in with two or throe foreigners, and accompanied them to the village, where the wholo party appear to have sot in drinking. On leaving the inn they adjourned to the old building which wans once used as ia national school- house. There they continued their orgies, anod tinlly retired to the side of iowning Hill, where the alleged robbery of ten shillinga and the watch is said to have ttkoen place. Whoen Mr. Sub-inspector Brennan anid one of the troopers reached Downing for the purpose of inquir ing into the matter, Noodham was snon standing at the door of the ]lowning lintel with a cap on which had boon previously worn by the person who it was saitd had robbed him. Oa MIr. Brennan's approach Noodham disappeared, and although ia strict soearch of the prlnises wias omade, he wts not to be found. llis companions were, however, traced along the road in tlhe direction of tlogolong; but as there was no one to give them in charge, nor give insformation of a substantlil kind, the police were unable to inter fore. tMr. Blrennan and the trooper reotrnsed to town, and by the mail that arrived the samue evening camei a letter from Mnr. Loosies, of the Two Mlilo Crook, stating that Netdhamn was at his placo in a sholking state of delidrii lra Imens, and that he (M[r. Loonies) would detain him if Mr. Bronunn would come out. Mr. Broenun did so on HiMonday morn ing, and on reaching Mr. Loomos'e founid Needham in the slate described. The only thing he could lea:rn from him was thant while in camup at Bownling Ilill a liro was lighted over him, and that his watch and 10a. were taken. Thero appears to be no grounds for creditling the story, as Neeodham was not in a lit condition to know what ihe was speaking sabout. Thel police had, thoroforo, two trips for nlothing, and on Mir. Btronlan's returu I homo hei recoivod information that anothor man simnilarly alfected was in the bush near the Murrumbidgoo River, armed with two pistols. As two of these liroarms hadu been stolen from Hlumowood, M1r. Broenln startedi olff in the expectation that they wore the same as those soon with the maniao; but alasl this altlir also turned out nothing, although we bolievo that somae hard-drinking oman had boon wandering about the forest.-Yass Courier. TIE El.crol.rTe or TU.UT.- MIr. Georgo Thorn ton hlas agIain addressed the oleotors through the medium of the local paper. On this occasion he is more explicit in stating his political views. He onnounces himself as a free trader, and opposed to the ad valorom and package duties. Ho is in favor of a fair and extended system of immigration, and for the construction of the southorn and western lines of railway without delay or regard to cost. He is favorable to the privy council system of education, combined with religious instruction; is a supporter of state-aid to religion, in the country districts especially. lie promises that if olueted he will always diligoently and faithfully attend to his parlia meoutary duties. From our tologram it will be soon that at the nomination, on Monday, the show of hands was against Mir. Thornton. The polling will ltake place on Monday next. A Mr. Edward lrown opposes him.-Y ass Courier. SrLexm?oD POTArTos.-Throo potatoes, grown in MIr. WV. Field's paddock at Bango Creek, were found to weigh six pounds. They were perfeotly sound throughout, and wore a portion of a remarkably liue crop of this vegetable. We understand that con siderable difficulty is being experienced in procuring healthy potatoes to plant, so lmuch of the last crop being more or loss disoeasd. lPorsons having a stock of healthy kinds would find it ready markot.-Yass Courior. NEWCASTLE.—Monday morning.—Captain Sutton, of the barque Manakau, was found dead in his bed this morning.—Telegram to S. M. Herald. MELEootsxc.-3Monday, 8 p.m.-Mossrs. Brush and Mo Donnell's shop was broken into yesterday. The burglars were disturbed at ten a.m., with par cels ofjowellery made up ready to take away. The thieves escaped, leaving behind them their implo ments, but were subsequently captured by the police. -Tho aspect of business has improved since the receipt of the English mail tolograms.-WVednesday, 8 p.m.-The now Governor was sworn in at noon to-day, on a platform orected in front of the treasury-buildings. Almost all the public ollicials in Melbourno and the suburbs, and about fivoe thousand people wore present. The Governor was loudly cheered.-Th'llo Rev. Dr. Shiols was conseocrated Roman Catholic Bishop of Adoiaido, to-day, at St. Francis's Cathedral. The ceremony lasted three hours and a half. A sermon was preached by the Roy. lMr. Power, of Ballarat.-Thero have been several deprodations at the Observatory lately. Some of the instruments have boon broken and stolen.-Telegrams to S. M. IIorald. New IxsoovTr.v.-Goorgo Sparrow, of Fell Tim ber Flat, near Buogendoro, late publican, but now farmer. On petition and affidavit. Mr. Mackenzie, official assignee. ILLEGAL SENTENCE. - Samuel Beckham was charged before the police- magistrate at Young, on the 6th instant, with stealing a bullock belonging to Obadiah Davis. He was adjudged guilty, and sen tencod to one year's imprisonment in Yass gaol. There is an act of the legislature existing that limits the jurisdiction of magistrates in all cases involving imprisonment to six months, But why the prisoner was not committed does not appear clear from the ovidonce.-Ysass Courier. CHURCH OF EBGLAND-A building, intended to be used as a church and school-house in connection with the Church of England, is about to be erected at Mundoonan, about three-quarters of a mile from Mr. James Davis's farm. A similar building is also to be erected on the Murrumbidgeo, near Boamblo. -Yass Courier. N.Aslo1N L EDvcArroe. - The National Board having consented to give an allowance to a school at Six Mile Flat, near Braidwood, the inhabitants of that locality, with the assistance of a few persons in Braidwood, have built a schoolhouse, and the school will in a week or two b bbrought under the operation of the National Board. It is expoected the school will muster about thirty scholars.-Braidwood Dis patch. Trr. EeTORATero Or TiE C toARE.NCE,-ThOrO aro four candidnltes for this electorate. The candidates at present announced for the olectoral dlitrict of the Clarunco are Mr. Jouln Iobortson, Mr. W. B. Camp boll, Dr. Berncnstlo, and Mr. It. Dransfield. The fboling of the electors is said to be strongly in favour of Mr. Robertson against all comors.-?r-railwood Dispatch. CosurriTIoNAL AND REVERcTED PlROIimASE.-Tho following return has been printed of the number of conditional purchases under cluuse 18 of the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1801, which have roverted to her lMajesly, from the lot January, 1865, to 281th February, 1806, showing the aggregate nnmber of acres, and the total amount of balances duo at the last date, and the aggregato amount of interest duo and unpaid at the lust dato; also, a return of tihe tohtl quantity of such reverted lands submitted to salo by auction, the number of acres sold, the amouint realised, and the number of acres remaining unsold:-Thu lots numbered 1018, comprising 71,630 acres, and the bahlmco duo was £53,050. Roverlod purchases show an interest duo on balhnco of £2082 10s. Thoro woro olbred for saloe by auc tion 22,108 acres, int 310 lots-4888 wero sold by auction in 80 lots, and realised £7310. Thore were unsold 17,220 acres, in 230 lots.-Blraidwood Dispolch. DA rsrntn ,~oAlsoTultar. Doctrox.--It will bo remembored that Mr. Edward WTainwright was some few months since ordered by the Braidwood bench to pay a penalty of £20 on a complaint of Mir. Scarvoll, ftbr having tacon a foo to draw up a plaint for a party in the district court, contrary to the pro visions of the Attorney's Act. 2Mr. Wainwright has applied to the Supromo Court for a prohibition to stay proceedings under that decision. Tho hoaring of the application was sot down for Friday last, but wis postponed till Friday next at the roquost of the magistrates, to give them time to plead. The groundls upon which the legality of the decision is questiotned are, we undorstand, exceedingly volutni nous.-Braidwood Dispatch. Toro New BRAltowoon Dexsomrrio?At. L Scotoor. -The arrangemoents for the opening of the Church of E?ngland denominational school have now beon finally completed. In our last Wednesday's issuo we stated that the nogotiations for a schoolmaster, which had boon opened by the incumlhont, the oev. James Allan, had boon unescesosful for the timo boing, owing to the gentleman whom Ith had boon in treaty with having declined the offer; but since then the services of it competent schoolmastor and mistress have beoon secured through the exertions of thi Lord Bishop of Goulburn. Theo tacheors are ox pectod to arriveo t Braidwood during theli course of the present weeko, when the bishop will forward the necessary sohool-books, &o.; As soon as the toachara arrive thore will be no further impediment in tho way of at once opening the inow school, when we have ovary confidence in its boing very well attended. -Braidwood Dispatch. To[ BUunwoon Drooaxos.- -Maitters are gradu ally recovering from the Offects of the late floods in Araluon, and affairs generally during the past week have assumed a more cheering aspect. Many of the claims which wore filled in have commenced work again, and the preparations going on for the imme diato commoneomdnt of active operations by the now Pioneer Company, has had the effect of fully estab lishing confidence in the undertaking in the minds of the dubious, and a great many persons in the Valloy who were inclined to despond are now induced to take a more hopeful view of things. By the insti tution of a systematic and extensive mode of opera tions it is conceded by all intelligent and observant persons that thore is a large amount of ground in the Valley yet capable of affording profitable employ ment and fiir interest to capitalists, and it is now more generally conceded that it will be a long time yet bIefor the lust whistle is hoard summoning the workers to their hives. The late rains have had a rovivifying effect upon tihe other gold- fields in the district. The many holders of water-races who have beoun during the past drought unablo to do anything for a very long time, are now in fill swing, tie sluice-heads are merrily in motion, and a large number of ground sluicers in all parts are doing remarkably well. WVo hoar that some parties intend raising water on the Little River for this pur pose, in place of bringing it by race. There are a great numnbor of localitices where sluicing operations could be most profitably carried on along the Little Rtiver but for tihe impossibility of convoying water thereto except by means of a force-pump, and we are confident that the time is not far distant, particu larly with the more liberal oncouragement likely to he offered by the government to this species of onteor prise, when we shall seeon a number of engines along this river, containing as it does such a fine volume of water at all seasons of the year, distributing water to ground sluices with mutual profit to all parties. Tihe now ground at Settler's Flat is turning out very well, and somen remarkably fine prospects have been obtained. We observed a number of mon proceeding on Monday along the Clyde Road to the now ground which has been discovered on the upper portion of Wurrambuca. There is nodoubt, w that water has again become plentiful, that the \Varrambucca, which was abandoned last summor principally from the want of water, will be again occupied by a con aiderablo numbor of mniners.- Braidwood Dispatch. A?reP?-s T TO RnlIse T?OE IUNGAREc.,-After every preparation considered necessary for raising the Blungareo from the place where she wont ashore the attempt was made yesterday afternoon as the tide began to rise, but we are sorry to say was not attended with success. About half-past two p.m., four of the pumps were set to work, and continued until they emptied the fore- compartment, and nearly the fore-hold. At half-past four the centrifugal pump was worked, the tide at the time rising rapidly, and everything looked as if the issue would be sue cossful as the pumps rapidly gained on the water in the hold, but in a few minutes the tide rushed over the canvas placed over the leak with tremendous force. After the centrifugal pump had been worked about twenty minutes orders were given to knock off and leave the task of raising the vessel to the beams and lighters. At this time the creaking and crack ing of the beams gave evidence that the vessel was gradually lifting at the forepart, and as the tide rose the immense beams laid across the vessel fore and aft, and to which four lighters were attached, bent like reeds. All hope of success now depended on the strength of the beams, and the lifting power of the lighters, but in a short time the after beam snapped completely in two. The piece fastened across one of the lighters fell into her, breaking off as short and completely as if it had booeen cut by a saw. The other boams soon gave evidence of weakness, and one or two of them split right up in the contre. The strain was now enormous, and a heavy swell setting in greatly increased the dilliculty of the operation. At this time the steamer frequently bumped, show ing that if the beams had held she would have been got off; but they at length all gave way one after another, so that it becameno useless to make any fur ther attempt on that afternoon. Mr. Scott, finding it vain to persevere any longer, gave orders to knock away the ways and blocks and to cease any further o(forts. The steam-tug Prince Alfred and the Cyclops, tender to the dredge, wore in attendance to take the Bungareo in tow if she had beeoon floated, but ias that was not the case their services were not called into requisition. A largo number of men have been on board the Dungaree for the last ten days making preparations to raiso her, and four of cIr. Dalton's lighters were also engaged. Another attempt will be made as soon as the gear can be fixed, and we hope with better success than attended the one yesterday.-oNewcastle Standard. 3Dar~mnsT.-tMonday, 4 p.m.--A now quartz reef has been found near Campbell'e River, about a mile from the Swallow's Nest Diggings. It has been followed down a distance of a hundred and five feet, and gold is discernible in fine particles throughout thirty-five feet. A hundredweight of stone has been taken indiscriminately at various depths, and has boon crushed, and yielded 4 ozs. 4 dwts. 10 grs. Claims have been taken up north and south of the prospectors', and many have struck gold. Tuesday, 6 p.m.-Last night there was a terrible attempt at murder, followed by suicide in Georgo-stroot. The perpoetrator was Thomas Higgins, who a little time ago kept a public house on the Orange road. Ito shook hands with his brother-in-law, as the latter was about leaving his to go to his own home, and then shot him in the throat with a pistol. Higgins then ran to his bed room and fired a pistol at his own head, but with out eftnct. Seizing a double-barrelled gun, he held the muzzle to his breast, with the stock in the air, and discharged the contents of one of the barrels in his body. Death was instantaneous. Hlereditary insanity and private troubles were the cause, as elicited at the inquest to-day. Upon this the sub stancoof the verdict was founded. The shot aimed by Higgins at his brother-in-law, passed completely through tile left side of the neck; hbut it is hoped has caused no vital injury. Ie gave evidence at the inquest, and is expected to recover.-Telegrams to S. M. HIerald. LaANDS DEDICATED TO RELIoIOUS AND PULBLIC Pvuroses.-A parliamentary paper just published gives an abstract of crown lands authorised to be dedicated to religious aod publio purposes, in accord once with the 5th section of the Act 25 Victoria, No. 1. Among them will be found the following: lloorowa, 1562 acres, for a permanent common; Ibornya, 90 acres 1 rood, for a reserve for publio recreation. GorLG-rNesNO ArT D.XLTO.-For the last fort night two men have booeen at work with a cradle, prospecting for gold at Homowood, the cotate of lirs. John Best, on Jerrawa Creeok, near Dalton. They have confined their operations to surfacinig on the hanks of the creole, and on an averago have mado about 2 dwls. per day. Up to Monday last they had made fully loz. The gold is of the character known as shotty, the largest piece being of the size of a pea.-Yass Courier. The Murray Scrub, always considered as useless for man or beast, is lilkely, after all, to beo turned to good account, as shown by the following communi cation from the Adelaide correspondent of the Southern Argus :--It appears that a largo tract of country which lhas hitherto been regarded as so much irreclaimnable desert is likely to be made avail able. A deputation of fiurmers from the neighbour hood of the Bromer and Mlouit Barker, waited upooo the commissioner for crown lands on the 13th, for the purpose of recommending to the government the introduction of a measure to encourage farmers to occupy the Murray Scrub, and clear the timber, and prepare the land for agriculture. The deputation represented that a groat deal of the land was as good as much that was under cultivation; that experi ments had boon made, and the crops produced from that' soil surpassed all their expectations; but that tihe expense of clearing was so great that they could not undertake it under the existing land system, and they hoped government would introduce a measure allowing them to rent portions of that scrub-land on lease for fourteen years at a small rental, though equal to that paid by squatters for the best pastoral country, and right of purchase at 10s. per acre. They represented that they did not seek to interfero with any existing lease, and that their schemo would not prqjudico any existing interest; for the land they wish to reclaim was, in its present state, useless for either pastoral or agricultural purposes. They also stated the difliculty they felt in providing for the future occupation of their falmilies, who were trained to agriculture, and were not able to obtain land. Tiey also urged, as a strong argument in fiavour of their scheme, that clearing the scrub would give employmeunt to labour in the slack season. The commissioner entertained their proposal favour ably, though of course he could give no pledge without consulting his colleagues. IIe had often thought that much of that scrub would bear wheat, and he was glad to hear practical men say they thought they might got a return for thle expense of clearing it. Is it not a monstrous injustico that in Australia, with its handful of population and scores of millions of acres of the finest soil in the world, people who have the means and the inclination to purchase and to cultivate are not able to obtain land P A singular discovery of the skeleton of a human being was made at Echuca on Mlonday morning, by MCr. WeVbb, the carpenter. It appears that while proceeding in the direction of tile patent slip, Mr. Webb's attention was attracted, near the railway drain, to what he imagined to be a smooth, round pebble. Struck by the circumstance-for no stone of any size is to be found near Echuca-ho proceeded to examine it, and to his surprise discovered that the bare top of a skull was projecting from the ground. A close examination elicited the fait that at the place a complete skeleton lay entombed. Ho lost no time in communicating the circumstance to the police, who at once repaired to the spot. The skull was shown to Dr. Barker, who pronounced it to be in all probability that of an European or of a young lubra, and that it had ieoon buried for many years. The bones are to be discerned as if the person to whom they belonged had been buried in a sitting position, and the probability is that a murder has been committed, for the skull was much fractured. But of course this is only cojoecturo. To the present time, the relies of mortality have not been removed; and we have refrained from indicat ing more precisely the locality until an authorised examination shall have disclosed more particulars. Iliverine Herald. IMsPOUNDED AT BeAIDWOOD, on the 11th August, from near Braidwood, by Mr. Patrick Cahill :-Bay horse, switch tail, near hind foot white, star and strip of white in face, S near shoulder, G off shoulder, 7 yeoars old, 14 hands high. If not released, will hbe sold according to Impounding Act.-V. Sharpeo, poundkeeper. I"rPOUNDED AT BURRANGONo , on the 8th August, from Itoppity station, by Mr. Thomas lInyoh, for trespnss:--Chesnut mare, blotch brand in circle near shoulder, BJ (the J reversed) near thigh, blaze, brolen in, aged, 14 hands high; driving, 2s. 6d.; a ohesnut horse foal at foot, ,T near shoulder and thigh ; driving, 5d.-Driving, 2s. Gd. each: Ohosnut filly, J reversed over J off shoulder, like JID near shoulder, bald face, off hind foot white, saddle marked, two fore shoes on, 4 years old, 1l hands high; brown filly, star, WR sidoeways near shoulder, WR near rump, broken in, 2 years old, 121 hands high; grey colt, B reverseod ver J near sleouldor, 2 yearo old, 14 hands high; bay filly, DMD conjoined near shoulder, saddle marked, 2 years old, 14 hands high; black colt, likel DII (tho III conjoined) near shoulder, unbroken, S yearn old, 15 h)ands high; grey borne, A over 0 near shouldor, blotch brand off shonlder, 5 years old, 14 hands high. If not released, they will be sold at Burrangong pound, on the 30th August.-J. Wolfe, poundkeeper. IMPOUNDED AT BIN.ALONO, on the 2nd August, from Illalong, by order of the superintendent; driving as per Impounding Act:-Chesnut mare, bald face, a little white on both hind feet, 1MO (the 0 reversed) near shoulder, No. 2 off shoulder likeo over 9 near cheek, broken, aged, 14 hands high; a chesnut horse foal at foot, unbranded. If not re leased, will be sold on,the 30th August.-L. Tracoy, poundlkeopor. IMPOUNDED AT QUEAsNnrYAN, on the 4th August, from Lanyon; damages, Id. ealch :--Bay horse, star offside of forehead, illegible brand like 2IB near shoulder; black mare, star, near hind foot white, O near shoulder; bay filly, O near shoulder ; bay filly, star, liketo JD near shoulder; iron-grey filly, star, hind fetloclk white, like i oft shoalder; chesnut entire, star, like IID near shoulder; damages, 10s. Also, from Duntroon, on the 6th August:-Grey filly, like j off ribs, near hind foot white; bay filly, star and snip, like 4 over NP conjoined off shoulder, like PL near shoulder.-Also, from Duntroon, on the 7th August :-Red poley cow, top off the off ear, S offrump. If nt released, will be sold on the 30th August.-- H. Lnver, poundkeeper. I.IPOUNDED AT NoRnT YASS, on the Oth August, from Bowning run, by order of f r. D. MIinehan ; driving Is. Gd. each:--Bay horse, star, collar marked," little white near hind foot, like heart over faintbrand like I or JO over S near shoulder, aged; dark grey colt, star, JP near shoulder and near ribs, about two years old. If not released, will be sold on the 30th August.-G. Smith, poundlkepeor. 