ARMADALE. .BY WILKIE COLLINS. BooK THE TIRD.-CHIAPTER XI. ;From, the ?ceverentd Decimus Brock te Ozias Mfidwinter. "? : Thursday. ",AMy ADRAU MnlIDWINTERu,-NO words can toll ";'what a relief it was to me to get your lottoe this mnorning, and what a happiness I honestly feel in having been thus far proved to be in the wrong.. Tli precautions you have taken in-chso' tie woman.should still confirm my "apprehensions by venturing herself at Thorpe Ambrose seem to me to be all that can be desiied. You are no.doubt sure to hear of her from one or otlher of the people in the lawyer's office whom you have asked to in form you of the appearance of a stranger, in the town. " I'am the more pleased at finding how entirely I can trust you in this matter-for I am likely to he obliged to leave Allan's in terests longer than I supnosed solely in your ,hands.: My visit to Thorpe-Ambrose must I regret. to say be deferred fsr two months. The only one of my brother-clergymen in London who is able to take my duty for me cannot make.it convenient to remove with his family to Somersactshir before that time. I have no alternative bat to finish my business here and be back at my rectory on Saturday next. If anything happens you will ofcourse instantly communicate with me-and, in that case, be the inconvenience what it may, T must leave home for Thorpe-Ambrose. If, on the other hand, all goes more smoothlv than my own obstinate aptprehensions will allow me to suppose, then Allan (to whom I have written) must not expect to see me till this any two months. " No result hens up to this time rewarded our exertions to recover the trace lost at the railway. I will keep my letter open, however, until post-time, in case the next few hours .bring any news. "Always yours truly, " DEclrus BRanC . " P.S.- -1 Iave jist heard from the lawyers. They, have found out the name the woman passed by in London. If this discovery (not a very important one, I am afraid,) suggests any newcourso of proceeding to you, pray act on it at once.. The name is-Miss Gwilt." Il om tAliss Gwilt to Mi's. Oldershaw. : : "The Cottage, Thorpe-Ambrose, "Saturday, June 28th. "If you will promise not to he alarmed, Msimma Oldershaw, I will begin this letter in a very odd way, by copying a page of a letter written by somebody else. You have an excellent memory, and you may not have forgotten that I received a note from Manjor Milroy's mother (after she had engaged me as governess) on Monday last. It was dated and signed; and here it is as far as the first page :--'June 23rd, 1851. Dentar madam, Pray excuse my troubling you, before you go to Thorpe-Ambrose, with a word more about the habits observed in my son's household. When I had the pleasurs of seeing you at two o'clock to-day in Kingsdown Crescent I had another appointment in a distant part of London at three; and in the hurry of the moment one or two little matters escaped me which I think I ought to impress on your attention.' The rest of the letter is not of the slightest importance, but the lines that I have just copied are well worthy of all the atten tion you can bestow on them. They have saved me from discovery, my dear, before I have been a week in Major Milroy's service ! "It happened no later than yesterday evening, and it began and ended in this manner: " "There is a gentleman here (of whom I shall have to say more presently), who is an intimate friend of young Armadale's and who bears the strange name of Midwinter. He contrived yesterday to speak to mo alone in the park. Almost as soon as he opened his lips I found that my name had been discovered in London (no doubt by the Somersetshire clergyman) and tihat Mr. Midwinter had been chosen (evidently by the same person) to identify the Miss Gwilt who had vanished from Brompton with the Miss Gwilt who had appeared at Thorpe-Ambrose. You foresaw this danger, I remember; but you could scarely have imagined that the exposure would threaten me so soon. " I spare you the details of our conversa tion, to come to the end. Mr. Midwinter put the matter very delicately, declaring to my great surprise that he felt quite certain him self that I was not the Miss Gwilt of whom his friend was in search; and that he only acted as he did out of regard to the anxiety of a person whose wishes he was bound to respect. Would I assist him in setting that anxiety completely at rest, so far as I was concerned, by kindly answering one plain question-which he had no other right to ask me than the right my indulgence might give him? The lost Miss Gwilt had been missed on Monday last, at two o'clock, in the crowd on the platform of the North-western Rail way, in Euston-square. Would I authorize him to say that on that day, and at that hour, the Miss Gwilt who was Major Milroy's governess had never been near the place ? "I need hardly tell you that I seized the fine opportunity he had given me of disarming all future suspicion. I took a high tone on the spot, and met him with the old lady's letter. He politely refused to look at it. I insisted on his looking at it. 'I don't choose to be mistaken,' I said, ' for a woman who may be a bad charoacter, because she happens to bear, or to have assumed, the same name as mine. I insist on your reading the first part of this letter for my satisfaction, if not for your own.' He was obliged to comply-and there was the proof, in the old lady's own handwriting, that at two o'clock on Monday last she and I were together in Kingsdown Crescent, which anay directory would tell him is a crescent in BIlyswatoer I leave you to imaegi, his epologies attd the perfect sweot noss vwith which I received thoet. " I might, of course, if' I had not preserved the letter, haves referred hinf to you or to tite mesjor's mother with similar results., As it is, thte objeot has bMrn gtained without trouble or diely, I hilve bI lles proveld not t1o bit mtyself; Iell oin of lthe manIy lnges t?lshat throlttent l use at ''lrtsho A sit nwtr , is tt ltantilit blown eIvetr trtlil thiis tani aittst, '?'otits holllslllls sitd's ?lett tmay ntoit ia t teary ittn?ste t ltt s; hett thru is mt dhenyint that it hls dtne Isa tex elltnlt ealrvic, ii mt Illsll Ot folsr 141 1ist l sl. o for it lltlll'r You tillll llur holw I pist sot wsithl thI pIeoplsI Ibult mu Is wil t oin sl ll jnslaln fw' yetsseIlf what the chances ore for and agsinst my be coming mistress of Thorpe-Ambrose. "Let me begin with young Armadale becaulse it is hbeioninng with good news. I have produced the right impression on him already, and heaven knows that is nothing to bosnet of ! Any moderately 'good-looking woman who chose to take tho trouble could make bhim fall in love with her. i IHe is, i rattle-pared young .fool-one of those noisy, rosy, light-haired, good-tempered men, whom I particularly detest. I lind a whole hour alone~with him in a boat the first day I came here, and I have omade good use of my:timo, I can tell you, fromr that day to this. "'The only difliculty with 'him is thedifficulty of con cealing my own feelings-espeeially when: lie turns my dislike :of-'him into downrirht hatred, by sometimes reminding me of his mother. I really never saw a man whom I could use so ill if I had the opportunity. l-e will give me the opportunity. T belirive, if no accident happens, sooner than we calcrlated ?ir. I have just returned froni a party at the great house, in celebration of the rent-day dinner, and the squire's attentions to me anti my modest reluctance to'receive them have dready excited general remark. " My pupil, Miss Milroy, comes next. She too is rosy and foolish; and, what is more, awkward d and squat and freckled and ill timpered andi' ill-dressed. No fear of her, tihough she hates me like poison, which is a great comfort, for I get rid of her out of oesson-time and walking-time. It 'is perfectly easy to see tlAt she has made tlhe most of her opportunities with young Armadele (oppnr tunitioe by-tire-by. which we never calculated on); and that she has. been stupid enough to let him slip, through her fingers. When I tell you that she is obliged, for the sake of appearances, to go with her father and me to tihe little entertainments at Thorpo-Ambrose, arnd to see how young Armadale admires me, you. will understand the kind of place I hold in her affections. Sihe would try me past all endurance if I didn't see that I aggravate hlier bykeeping my temper-so of course I keep it. If I'do break out it will be over our lessons-not over our French, our grammar, history, and globes--but over our music. No words can say how I feel for her poor piano. Half the.musical girls in England ought to have their fingers clopped off, in the interests of society-and if I had my way Miis Milroy's fingers should be excuted first. "As for the major, I can hardly stand higher in his estimation than I stand already. I am always ready to make his breakfast' and his daughter is not. I can always find things for him when he loses them -and his daughter can't. I never yawn rhen he proses-and his daughter does. I like the poor dear harmless old gentleman; so I won't say a word more about him. "Well, here is a fair prospect for the future surely? My good Olleresaw, there nver was a prospect yet without an ugly, rlace in it. MIy prospect has two ugly places in it. The name of one of them is Mrs. Milroy; and the name of the other is Mr. Midwinter. "cl/rs. Milroy first. Before I had been five minutes in the cottage on the day of my arrival what do you think she did? She sent down stairs and asked to see me. The mes ?ngo startled me a little-after hearing from the old lady in London that her daughter-in law was too great a sufferer to see anybody but of course when I got her message, I had no choice but to go upstairs to the sick- room. I found her bedridden, with an incurable spinal complaint and a really horrible object to look at--but with all her wits about her; and if I am not greatly mistaken, as deceitful a woman, with as vile a temper as you could find anywhere in all your long experience. Ier excessive politeness, and her keeping her own face in the shade of the bed curtains while bhe contrived to keep mine in the light, put me on my guard the moment I entered the room. We were more than half an hour together without my stepping into any one of the many clever little traps she laid for me. The only mystery in her behaviour, which I failed to see through at the time, was her perpetually asking me to bring her things (things she evidently did not want) from different parts of the room. "Since then events have enlightened me. Mly first suspicions were aroused byoverhear ing some of the servants' gossip i and I have been confirmed in my opinion by the conduct of Mrs. Milroy's nurse. On the few occasions when I have happehed to he alone with the major the nurse has also happened to want something of her "aster, and has invariably forgotten to non,aunce hler appearance by knocking at the door. Do you understand now why Mrs. Milroy sent for me the moment I got into the house, and what she wanted when she kept me going backwards and for wards, first for one thing and then for an other? There is hardly an attractive light in which my face and figure can be seen, in which that woman's jealous eyes have not studied them already. ' I am no longer, puz aled to know why the father and daughter started, andt looked at each other, when I was first presented to them-or why the servants still stare at me with a mischievous expecta tion in their eyes when I rings the bell and ask them to do anything. It is useless to disguise the truthll, Mother Oldershaw, between you antl me. When I went upstairs into that sick-room, I marched blindfold into the clutches of ajealous woman. If Mrs. Milroy can turn me out of the house, Mrs. Milroy will-and, morning or night, she has nothing else to do in that bed-prieon of hers but to find out the way. " In this awkward position, my own cau tious conduct is admirably seconded by the dear old major's perfect insensibility. His wife's jealousy of him is as monstrous a delu sion as any that could be founnd in a madhouse. It is the growth of her own vile temper under the aggravation of anl incurable illness. The poor man hasn't a thought beyond his me chanical pursuits; and I don't holieve lie knows at this momeont whetlher I am a hand some woman or not, With this chance to help ime I tmiy hope to set the nurso's intru lans anld Ithe mistIre's's conlri 'ivaces Iat dlefiance -lor a tithe at any rate, ]ut yoell know what ii jealouti woman is, and I thik il I kn?oow what lls, Mihil'oy Is; anrld I own I shall hr, to mor) ti'ely ott Ilthe Iday wlheon young Armisulnli opents his fIthollsh llips to stome pitr* iise oild tsol the lajor aJdvotl l ing lrt' a now " Arsnlllla's nne t'oellllllds Ite of Art'Iti. hllti's I'rliel, 'Thir Is morlst)rIegsi thrl?ten, foil boll nt will Iarmed belisre lnl agaitt IAl ,r .Ilslwlnbor , I i1o tgaintl d ir, Alilroy, " Everytiing labout this man is more or less mysOterious, which I don't like to begin with. Tow does lie come to be in tile confi. donce of the Somersotshiro clergyman ? Flow much has that clergyman told liim? I ow is it that he was .so firmly persuaded when he spoke to me in the park, that I 'wns riot, the Miss Gwilt of whom his friend was in search ?, I haven't the ghost of 'an answer to give to any of theoe three quhstions. I can't even discover who he is or how he and young Armadale first became nqcuainted. I hate him. No, I don't; I only want to find out about him. IHe'is veryyoung--littl and lean, and nactive andi dark, with bright black, eyes whicht say to me plainly, 'we belong to a man with brains" in his head and .a will of his own; a man who hasn't always been hanging about a ouontry-house .in att tendance on a fool.' . Yes;I am positively certain Mr. Midwinter has donq.something or suffered something in his past life, young as lie is; and I would give I don't know what to get at it. Don't resent my taking up so much space in writing about him. Hie has influence enough over young Armadale to Ib a very awkward obstnale in my way unless I can get his good opinion at starting. " Well, you may aski and what is to pre vent your securing his good opinion? I oim sadly afraid, Mother Oldershaw, I have got it on terms I never bargained for. I am sadly afraid the man is in love with me already. "Don't toss your hood and say 'just like her vanity !' After the horroros I have gone through I have no vanity left; and a man who admires me makes me shudder. Thern was a time, I own- Pooh! what am I writing? Sentiment, I deolare! Sentiment to you ! Laugh away my dear. 'As for me I neither laugh nor cry; I mend my pan and get on with my-what do tihe men call it? my report. ="The only thing worth inquiring is whether I am right or wrong in my idea of the impression I have made on htim. Lot me see-I have been four times in his company. The first time was in the major's garden, where we mot unexpectedly face to face. IHe stood looking at me, like a man petrified, without speaking a word. Tho effect of my horrid red hair perhaps ? Quite likely-let us lay it on my luir. The second time was in going over the Thorpe-Ambroseo grounds, with young Armadale on one side of me and my pulil (in theo sulks) on the other. Out comes Mr. Midwinter to join us-thouglh lie had work to do in the steward's office which he had never been known to neglect on any other occasion. Laziness, possibly? or an attachment to Miss Milroy? .I can't say: we will lay it on Miss Milroy if you like-I only know lne did nothing but look at me. The third time was at the private interview in the park which I have told you of lvrendy. I never saw a man so agitated at putting a delicate question to a woman in my life. But that might have been only awkwardness; and his perpetually looking back after me when we had parted might have been only lookirg back at the view. Lay it on the view; by all means lay it on the view! The fourth time was this very evening, at the little party. They made me play; and as the piano was a good ono I did my best. All the company crowded round me and paid me their compli ments (my charming. pupil paid hers with a face like a cat's just hefore she spits), except MIr. Midwinter.. He waited till it was time to go and theonhe caught mealone for a moment in. the hall.' There was just time for him to take my hand aind to say two words. Shall I tell yon how: he took ,my hand, and what his voice sounded like, when ho spoke ? Quite needlejs l ::You'ihave always told me that the late MnI. Oldershaw doated on you. Just recall the first time he took your hand and whispered a word-or' two addressed to your private ear. To inliat did you attribute his bohaviour on tilat occasionl? I have no doubt if you had been. playing on the piano in the course of the evening you would have attributed.it entirely to the music 1 " No! you may take my word for it the hbrm is done. This man is no rattle- pated fool who changes his fancies as readily as he changes his clothes-the fire that lights those big black eyes of his is not an easy fire when a woman has once kindled it, for that woman to put out. I don't wish to discou rage you; I don't say the chances are against us. But with Mrs. Milroy threatening me on one side, and Mr. Midwinter on the other, the worst of all risks to run is the risk of losing time. Young Armadale has hinted already, as well as such a lout can hint, at a private interview I Miss Milroy's eyes are sharp, and the nurse's eyes are sharper; and I shall lose my place if they either of them find me out. No matter! I must take my chance and give him tlo interview. Only let me get him alone, only let me escape the prying eyes of the women, and-if his friend doesn't come be tween us-I answer for the result ! "In the meantime have I anything more to tell you ? Are there any other people in our way at Thorpe-Ambrose? Not another creature! None of the resident families call here, young Armadalo being most fortunately in had odour in the neighbourhood. There are no handsome highly-bred women to come to the house, and no persons of consequence to protest against his attentions to a governess. The only guests he could collect at his party to-night were the lawyer and his filmily (a wife, a son, and three daughters), and a deaf old woman and her son-all perfectly unim portant pieople, and all obedient humble ser vants of the stupid young squire. ." Talking of obedient humble servants, there is one other person who is established here, who is employed in the steward's office -a miserable, shabby, dilapidated old man, named Bashswood. i-Is is a lerfect stranger to me, and I am evidently a perfect stranger to him, for he has been askinog the housemaid at the cottage who I am. It is paying no great comlpliment to myself to confess it; but it is not the less true that I prodtced the most extraordinary impression on this feeble old creature the first tilme ho saw me. He turned all manner of colours, Intl stood tremnbling tand staring at me as if there wias something perfectly frightful in my heoo, I felt quite stnrtledl at the mnotmet-for of all the ways itl which mOln have looked at nme no inen ovenr looked tat meno in that way before, Didl you over seon tli ho.ounlHtriotor flil at the Zoo. logical Gardens'? Theliy put it live rabbit into his aesgt, and thelr isn Itle m tllelt wsli.e(l tite Iwo Ireututres look it ineb othir, I IdelcI' Mlr. lhthwwttd remtnlied me of thbe rabit, I Why do I tuenluti ble ? I don't know whyI, P'ue ps I Iavi bluoo writig tool long u rd moy ihand he bIgi ing to fill nme, P'r. lhop bih', Juswood's mrinur of idul'litig tolo strikes m fancy byhv its novelty. Ablard! I am exciting myself and troubling yoou about nothing. Oh, what a weary long letter I have written! and how brightly thoe stars look at inn through the window--nd how awfully quiet the night is! Send onn some more of those sleeoping drops, and write me onn of your nice, wicked, amusing letters. You shall hoar from m nagain ns soon as 1 know a little better how it is.likely to ond. Good night, and keep a cornoer in your stony old heart for u L. G." r From t .iles Oldorsh7aw to. Mise Gwilt. "Diana-street, Pimlico, Monday. "My Di?l An LymnIA,- I am in no state of mind to, writo you in amusing .letter.. Your news is very discouraging anm the recklessnnes of your tone quite alarms me : Consider the' money I have oalendy advancedl and the interests weo both Ihave at stake.: Whatever else you are, don't be reckless for heaven's sak0!0 "What can I do?-TI ask myself, as a woman of business, what can I do to help you? I can't give you nadvice for I am not on the spot and I don't know how ciroam stances may ailter from:one iday to another. Situated as we are now,. I can only be usefil in one way; I can discover a new. obstacle that threatens you and I think I can remove it. . "You say, with . great truth, that there never was a prospect yet without on ugly place in it, and that there are two ugly places in your prospect. My dear, there may: he three ugly places if I don't bestir myself to prevent it; and the name of the third place will be-Brock ! Is it possible you can refer as you have done to the Somorantshire clergy man and not see that the progress you make with young Armodale will be sooner or later reported to him by young Armidale's friend? Why, now I think of it, you are doubly at the parson's mercy ! You are at tihe mercy of any fi'esh suspicion which may bring him'into the neighbourhood himself at a day's notice; and you are at the mercy of his interference the moment he hears that the squire is com mitting himself with a neighbour's governess. If I can do nothing elsa I can keep this nddi tional diflioulty out of your way. And, olh, Lydia, with what alacrity I shall exert myself ifter the manner in whlich the old wretch insulted me whien I told himr that pitiable story in the street I I declare I tingle with plenasure at this now prospect of making a fool of MIr. Brnock. "And how is it to be done? TJustaas we have done it already to be sure. ITT has lost Miss. Gwilt (otherwise my housemaid), hasn't he ? Very well. ITo slhll find her again, wherever he is.now, suddenly settled swithin easy reach of him. As long as she stops in the place he will. stop in it; and as we kno s he is not at Th'porpe- Ambiosa, thorn you are free of him! The old gentleman's suspicions have given uis a great deal of trouble so far. Let us turn them to sonme profitnble account at Inast; lot us ti him by his sus picions to my i housemaid's apron- strings. Most refreshing. Quito a moral retribution, isn't it ? "The only help I need trouble you for is help you can easily give. Find out from MIr. Mitwinter wher e he parson is now, and let meo know by return of post. If he is in Lonlon I will personally assist my. housnmani in the necessary mystification of him. If he is any where else, I will send her after him,- necom panied by a persodn on whose discretion I can implicitly rely. "You ',shall have the sleeping-drops to morrow. ' In the meantime I say at the end what I said at the beginning--no recklessness ! Don't encourage poetical feelings by looking at the stars; and don't talk about the night being awfully quiet. There are people (in observatories) paid to look at the stare for you- leave it to them. And as for the night, do what Providence intended you to do with the night -when Providence provided you with eyelids-go to sleep in it. " . u Affectionately yours, "??MARIA OLDERSIIAW." PIrom tihe cerci'end Dencinms Brookn to Ozias l fidivinter. c Boscombe Rectory, West Somerset, SThursday, July 3rd. " My DEAR MnlWINTE'n,-One line be fore the post goes out to relieve you of all sense of responsibility at Thorpe-Ambrose, and to make my-apologies to the lady who lives as governess in Major Milroy's family. "'Thfn Miss Gwilt-or perhaps I ought to say the woman calling herself by that name \--has, to my unspeaktable astonishment, openly made her appearance here in my own parish ! She is staying at the inn, accom panied by a plausible looking man, who passees as her brother. What this audacious pro ceeding really means- unless it marks a now step in the conspiracy against Allan, taken under new advice-is, of course, more than I can find out. "My own idea is that they have recognized the impossibility of getting at Allan without finding me (or you) as an obstacle in their way; and that they are going to make a virtue of necessity by holdly trying to make their communications through me. Ti'e man looks capable of any stretch of audacity; and both he and the woman ihad the impudence to bow when I maet them in the villasge half an hour since. They have been making in quiries already ahout Allan's mother--here, .wihers her exemplary life may set their closest scrutiny at defiance. If they will only attempt to extort money as the price of tihe wroman's silence on the subject of poor Mrs. Armndale's conduct in Mlaldeira at the time of hier marrisge, they will find me well ielsated for them beforlohand. I have written by this post to my lawyers, to send a comnpoeent man to assist me; anld hle will stay at the rectory in any chlarcter which lhe thinks it safest to assume under present cir ctmataLnces. " You shall hlear what liappens in the next day or two. "Always truly yours, " DIucoIMUs .toocK." CeIAP'Trtt XII. Nine dIys nhald iassed, anti the tenth day was naurlty at an oend, since lMiss Owilt andl her Ipucil had ilken their imorning walk in tihe cottnge gal'ln , n. Sicce trnnet thern had, been signs in tle olcy firom which thie polhcur bforeeasnet had ipro diiteod rain, Tis rsieptionlromnis at the grKat Icusne wenart ccoi ility anId mlarsl, Ahlln wine swaiy, prssicg ti o eclInig with theL Mlir'oysal nd Midwinter wa?s waiting ile return--not whure Mi?ldwintor ustnily waited, nnono thn e books in the lilrary--bt in the little back room which Allan's mother had inhabited in the last days of her rsildenco at. 'Thlorpe-Ambreos. Nothing had been taken away, but much had ,oon added to the room since Midwinter had first seen it. The books which Mrs. Armadallo had left behind her, the furniture, the oll matting on the loonr, the ohl Iaper on the walls, were all undisturbed. The statuette of Ninbohe still stood on its braoket, and the French window still opened on the gardon. 3But nCow, to the relics left by the mother, were added the personal possessions hllong? tng to the son. The wall, bare hitherto, wan decorated with water-colour drawings-'with .a portrait of Mrs.. Armadalel , ospported on one side by a view of the old house in Somer sotsaliie, nnd oil the other by a picturo of the ycht. Anong the books whicl hero in faded ink Mrs. Armadalo's inscription, "firom my father," woero other. books inscribed in tile same handwriting, in brighter ink, " to my son." Hanging to the wall, ranged on the clhimnoy-piece, scattered over the tableo, were a host of little objects, some associated with Allan's past life, others nccessary to his daily pleasreos and purslits, and all plainly testify. ing that the room which lie habitually occu pioed at 'I'horpe-Ambrose was the very room which had once recalled to Midwintor the second vision of the dream. HIere, strangely uninoved by the scene around him, so lately the object of his superstitious distrust, Allan's friolnd now waited composedly for Allan's roturn-and here, more strangely still, he looked on a change in the household nrrange monts duo in the first instance entirely to himself. His own lips hiad revealed the dis covery which lie lihad madl on the first morn ing in the new house; his own voluntary act had induced the son to establish himself in the mother's roomn. Under. what motives had lie spoken the 'words? Under. no motives which were not the natural growth of tihe noew interests anti the now hejoos that now nuimated him. The entire cOhange wrought in his convio tions by the memorablo event that had brought him face to face with Mlies Gwilt, was a change which it was not in his naturo to hide from Allan's knowledge. 110 had spoken opoenl, and he had spoken as it was in his character to speak. The' merit of conqluering is superstition was a merit 'which ha shrank from claiming until he and first un spairingly exposed that superstition in its worst andt weakest aspects to view. It was only after, he had unreservedly acknowledged tihe implso under. which lie had left Allan at. the Mere, that he had taken credit to himself for the new point of view't from which ho cold now look at the dream.. Tihen, and not till then, he had spoken of the fullilment of tih first vision, as the doctor at tie Isle of M lan might have spoken of it-le had nsked, as the doctor' might. lnvo asked, where was tilbo wonder of their seeing a pool at senset when they hand ta whole network of pools within a ftiw miles' drive of themni ? and wlhat was there extraordinary in discovering a woman at thoe -More, wlhen there wore roads tlhat led to it, and villages in its neighboulr hood, and boats employed on it, and pleasure parties visiting it? So again, he had waited to viidicate the firmer resolution with which lihe looked to the futur, untile ha lid tfilrst revealed all that he now saw himself of tihe errors of the past. The abandonment of hisr fieiond's interests,, tho unworthiness of the corifidence that 'had given hitn. the stowarl's place, the forgetfulness of the trust that Mr'. Brock had reposed in him, all implied in the one idea of leaving Allan, were all pointed out. The glaring self-contradictions betrayed in accepting the dream as the revelation of a fitality, and in attempting to escape that fatality by an exertion of free will-in toiliung to store up knowledge of the stewrird's dtlties for the future, and in shrinking from- lotting tlhe future find him in Allan's houlse-were, in their turn, unsparingly exposed. To overy corner, to every inconsistency, he. resolutely confessed blefore he attempted to assert the. clearer anti bettor mind that was in him--be fore lie ventured on the last simple appeal which,, closed all, "will you trust me in the futureo? will you forgive and forgot tlhe past ?." A man who could thus open his- whole heart, without one lurking reserve inspired by consideration for limself, was not ia man to forget tiny minor not of concealment of which his weakness might have led him to be guilty towards his friend. It lauy heavy on Midwinter's conscience that lie had olkept secret from Allan a discovery which he ought in Allan's dearest interests to have revealed the discovery of lis mother's room. But one doubt had closed his lips-the doubt whether Mrs. Armadalo's conduct in Madeira had been kept secret on her return to England. Careful inquiry, first among the servants, then among the tenantry, careful consideration of the few reports current at the time, as repeated to him by the few persons who remembered them, convinced him at last that the fitmily secret hbad boon successfiully kept within the fuimily limits. Once satisfied that whatever inquiries the son might make would lead to no disclosure which could slbake his respect for his mother's memory, Midwinter had hesitated no longer. He had taken Allan into the room and had shown him the books on the shelves and all that the writing in the books disclosed. He tlal said plainly, "my one motive for not telling you this before sprang from my dread of interesting you in the room which I looked at with horror' as tbo second of the scenes pointed at in tlhe dream. Peorgivo me this also and youtwill lhave forgiven men all." With Alln's love for his motlmro's memory but one resnlt coult follow such an avownal as this. IHe hadl liked thie little room friom tho first as i pleasant conltrast to the oppros oive grandeur of tohe other rooms at Thorpo Ambroase- ant now that he knew wlhat nsso ciations weroe conecteld with it, Iris resolution was at 'once taken to mnakelo it especially his own. The same lay all his personol Ioses. sions were collecteld and arranged in his mother's roomn-in Mlilwinter's presence, and witlh Midwinter's assistnuce given to the work. U'lnler tlieso citrcumstances had the clhange notw wrought in tile lhotsliolld arrangements bleon protiucedtl ; and in this waty huId Mid. wintter's victory over hiis owt hitlnlism--by mnlkitg Allian the dlily occlplnlt of a rnooit which he mirht othterwlac hIrdly ever have elutltnter .utlllly hivoer thl fullilm',ut of tile seruonorl visiol o tll drtati, ''Iilt hollu'r woe ll quat eltly sa Alln's friendl sat wlitltg for Allt'a A 'tlllu'tr. Ht ln!istithnll rlhdlof ~sometliwes thilrkl ig plushlly, he wl]d away the time. "No vexing cares, no boding doubts troubled him now. The rent- day which hie had once dreadetl had come and gone harmnlessly. A friendlier understanding had been ostablished between Allan and his tenants; Mr. Bashwoorl had proved himself to hoe worthy of the confidence reposedrin him: the Pedgift's, flther and son, had amply justified their client's good opinion of them. Wherever Midwinter looked the pros pect was bright, the future was without a cloud. Hoe trimmed the lamp on the table beside him andti lodkd out at the night. The stable clock was chiming the half-hour past eleven as lie walked to the window and the first rain drops were beginning to fall. He had his hand ori the bell to summon the servant and send hint over to the cottage with an umbrella, when he'was atopped by hearing the familiar footstop on the walk outside. " I-low late you are I" said Midwinter, ns Allan entered through the open French window. "Was there a party at the cot tnge ?"> "No! only ourselves. The time slipped away somehow." IHe answered in lower tones than usual and sighed as lie took his chair. "You seem to he out of spirits?" pursued Midwinter. " Whrt's the matter?" Allan hesitated. "I may as well tell you," he said, after a moment. ".It's nothing to be ashamed of; I only wonder you haven't noticed it beforol Thore's a Woman in it as iusual-I'm in love 1 " Midwinter laughed. " Hnsas Miss ilroy been more charming to-night than over? " h asked, gaily. " Miss Milroy ! " repeated Allan. "What are you thinking ofl I'm not in love withl Miss Milroy." " Who is it then ?" "Who is it? What a question to aski Who can it be but Miss Gwilt?" There was a sudden silence. Allan sat list lessly, with his hands in his pockets, looking' out through the open window at the falling rain. If lie had tiurnedl towards his friend: when lie mentioned Miss Gwilt's name helio might possibly have been a little ostartled by the chango Ite would havo seen inMid winter's faco. " I suppose yoe don't approve of it?" he, said, after waiting a little. 'lhereo was no answer. - " It's too late 'to make oljections."' pro ceeded Allan. " I really moan it when I tell' you I'm in love with her." "iA fortnight since you 'were in love with Miss lilroy," said thto othur,in quiet, mea sured tones. "Pooh ! a more flirtation. It's difforont' this time. I'm in earnest aboiut Miss Gwilt." ie looked round as he spoke. Midwinter, tturnedl his ftee aside on :the instant and bent it over a book. "I sete you don't npprove of the thing," Allan went on. " Do you object to her' be-: ing only a governess? You can't do that,' ['m sure., If you were in my ihlico her being only a. governess wouldn't stand in the" rway with you ? " "No," nild Midwinter; "I can't honestly say it woull stand in the way. with me." He gave the answer reluctantly aind pushed his: chair back out of the light of the lamp. "A governess is a lady who is not rich," said Allan, in an oracular manner; "und a duchess is a lady whois notpoor. And that's all the difference I acknowledge between them. Miss Owilt is older tihan 'I am--I don't deny that. What teg do you guess her at, Mildwinter.? I say seven or eight and twent.y. What do you say?" "'Nothing. I agree with yoti." " Do you think seven or eight and twenty is too old for me ? If you were in love with a woman yoursoelf you wouldn't think seven or eight and twenty too ol--would you ?" "1 can't say I should think it too old, if-" "Ifyou iwere really food of lher ?" Once more tlhre 'wasno answer. !'Well," resumeld Allan,' "if there's no harm in her being only a governess, and no' harm in lter beiing a little older thanI am, what's the objection to Miss Owilt? " "I lhave mttdo no objection." "I don't say you have. But you don't seem to like the notion of it for all that." There was another pause. Midwinter was the first to break the silence this time. " Are you sure of yourself, Allan?" he asked, with 'hlis face bent once more over the boolk; "are you really attached to this lady ? HIavo you thought seriously already of asking her to be your wife?" "I am thinking seriously of it at this moment," said Allan. "I can't bo happy-I can't live without her. Upon my soul I worship the very ground seho treads on?" "HIow- long- ?" IHis voice faltered and he stopped. "fHow long," he reiterated, "have you worshipped the very ground she treads on.? " "iLonger than you think for. I know I can trust you with all my secrets--" "Don't trlust mel " "Nonsense! I will trust you. There is a little difliculty in the way which I haven't mentioned yet. It's a matter of some delicacy and I want to consult you about it. Between ourselves, I have had private opportunities with Miss Gwilt--" Midwinter suddenly started to his feet and opened the door. "We'll talk of this to-morrow," he said. " Good- night." Allan lookedl round in astonishment. The door was closed again, and he was alone in the room. "lIe has never shaken hands with me !" exclaimedtl Allan, looking bewildered at the empty chair. As the words passed his lips the door opened anud Midwinter lappearetld again. " We haven't shaken hanmls," he said, abruptly. "God hless you Allan! We'll talk of it to-morrow. Good-night." Allhn stood alone at the winldow, looking out at the pouring rain. IlIe felt ill at ease, witionut knowing why. " Midwiniter's ways get stranger and sttranger," he thought. " What can he mean by pitting me off till tomtorrow when I warmtedl to speak to him to-.night?" lie took upl his betlroom candle a little imuatnienutly-put it dIowln igain-cand wlking basck to the lopen wilndow stood look ing oult itl Iltut lireteion ot' tiuei culttage. " I wsetnrift' if ncU's thiinkitg of cuse ' he said to himsiUlf softly. tt wsms thinulting of itm, She had just uuluend her dule tou write to IMrs. Olershalws Iliul hut' Ilel htad thiut inuunu'ntt trtleutl the 'uuhuIhg IB:- -" MakeU your mit d t l.tt i' I ihave got him I" CIIAPTnu 1Ill. It rained niall through the night; and when the morning came it was rainig atill. Contrary to his ordinary habit, Midwinter was waiting in then ronkfast-room when Allan entered it. ]le looked worn and wonry, but his smile was gentler and his manner more composed than usual. To Allan's surprise he approached the subject of the previous night's conversation of his own nccord as soon as the servant was out of the room. "I nm afraid you thought me very im pntient and very abrupt with you last night," ho said. "I will try to makeo amonds for it this morning. I will hoar overything you wish to say to me on the subject of Miss Gwilt." u"I hardly like to worry you," said Allan. "You look as if you had. had a bad night's rest." " I have not loept well for some time past," replied Midwinter qluietly. "Something has boon wrong with me. But I beliove t have foind out thI way to put myself right ngoin withoitt troubling the doctors. Later in the morning Ishall have somoething to say to you about this. Lot us got back first to what you worn talking about lost night. You were speaking of some difliculty-- " ITo hesi tated andi finished the sentence in a tone so low that Allan failed to hear him. "Perhaps it would he bdtter," he want on, " if, instead of speaking to me, you spoke to Mr. BlroCk ?" "I would ratherl speak to you," sanid Allan. " But tell me first was I right or wrong lost night in thinking you disapproved of my fall ing in love with Miss Gwilt ? " 3Midwinter's lonn nervous fingers hogan to crumble the brand in his plate. His eyes looked away fiom Allan for the first time. " If youi have ony obiection," ipersisted Allan, "I should like to hear it." Mildwviter suddenly looked ulp again, his cheeks looking ashy pale, and his glittering black eyes fixed full on Allan's face. "Yrou love her," he said. "Does she love you ? " "Youe won't think me vain ? " roturned Allan. "I told you yesterday I hadl had pri- vote opportunities with her- " Midwinter's eyes dropped again to the crumbs' on his plate. "I understand," he interposed quicklly. "You wore wrong last night. I had no objoctions to make." "Don't you congratulate me ?" asked Allan, a little uneasily, "Such a beautiful woman ! such a clover woman ! " Midiwiiter hiold out his hand. "I owe you aloro than more congratulations," he said. " In anything which in for your happinoess I ao jyou help0." lie took Allhan's hand andl wrung it hard. " Con I help you ?" ho asked, growing paler and plolr as hle spoke. "My dear follow I" exclaimed Allan, "what is the matter with you? Your hand is as cold ns ice." Jilidwinter smiled faintly. "I nm always in extremes," lie said; " my land was as hot no fire .the first time you took it at the old West-country inn. Come to that diliculty which you have not come to yet. You are young, rich, your own master-and she loves yoe. What dificulty can there be ?" Allan hesitated. " I hardly know how to put it,". he replied. " As you said just now, I love her, and she loves nus-and yot there is i sort of strangeness between ius. One talks n good deal about ane's self when one is in love-at least I do. I've toll her all about myself and nmy mother, ad how I camne in for this place, andi the rest of it. Woll--though it doesn't strike me when we are together-it comes across mno now and then, when I'm away from her, that slih doesn't say much on her side. In fact, I know no more about her than you do." "Do you moan that you know nothing about Miss Gwilt's fnamily and friends?" "That's it, exactly." "HIavo you never asked her about them ?" "I said something of the sort the other day," returned Allan; "-and I'm afraid, as usual, I said it in the wrong way. She lookod--I can't quite tell you how; not ex anotly displeased, but-oh, what things words are I'd give the world, Midwinter, if I could only find the right word when I want it, as well as you do." "Did Miss Gwilt say anything to you in the way of a reply ? " " That's just what I was coming to. Sihe said, ' I shall have a molancholy story to tell you one of these days, Mr. Armadalo, about myself and my family; but you look so haappy, and the circumstances are so distress ing, that I have hardly the heart to speak of it nowt' Ali, she can express herself-with the tears in her eyes ! Of course I olhanged the subject dirootly. And now the dillioalty is how to got back to it, delicately, without making her cry again. We must got back to it you know. Not on my account; I am quite contont to marry her first and hear of her, family misfortunes, poor thing, after wards. But I know Mr. Brock. If I can't satisfy him about her falnmily when I write to toll him of this (which of course I must do), he will be dead against the whlol thling. I'm my own mannster of course and I can do as I like about it. But dear oldl Brock was suclh a good friiond to my poor mother, aand he has been such a good friend to me-you seo what I mean, don't youe?" "Certainly, Allan; Mr. Brock has beeon yo ir second father. A·gy disagreement between you about such a serious matter as thia woull' be the saddest thing that could happen. You ought to satisfy him that Miss Gwilt is (what I am sure Miss Gwilt will prove to be) worthy, in every way worthy- " [Iis voice sank in spite of him and he loft the sentence unfinished. "'Just my feeling in the matter !" Allan struck in glibly. "Now we can come to what I particularly wanted to consult you about. If this was your case, Mlidwinter, you would be able to say the right words to her-you would put it delicately, even though you were putting it quite in the dark. I can't do that. I'm a'blundering sort of fol low; and I'm horribly afraid, if I can't got some hint at the truth to help mitO at starting, of saying something to distress her. Family misfortunes are such tender subjects to touch on-especially with such a relined woman, such a tender-hearted woman, as Miss Gwilt. There may have booee some dreadful death in the family-some relation who has disngraced himself--some internal oruelty whic' hbad forced the poor thing out on the world oas a governess, Well, turning it over in my mind it struck me that the major might be able to put me on the right took, It is quite possible that ho might have boon informed of Miss Gwilt' fainily circumstances before he on gaged her-isn't it, ?" "It is possible, Allnn, certainly." "Jtust my feeling again ! My notion is, to speak to the mnijor. If I could only got the story from him lirst I should know so much better how to speak to Miss Gwilt about it afterwards. You advise me to try tho major, don't you ?" 'T'here was a pause before Midwinter replied. When he did answer it was a little reluctantly. "PI hardly know how.to advisoe you, Allan," Ihe said. " This is a very delicate matter." " I believe you would try the major if you were in my place," returned Allan, reverting to his inveterately personal way of putting the question. " Perhaps I might," said Midwinter, more and more unwillingly. "IBut if I did speak to the major I should be very careful, in your place, not to put myself.in a false position-I should be very careful to lot no noe suspect me of the meanness of pryinginto a woman's secrets hehind her hack." Allan's face flushed. "Good heavens, Midwinter," he exclaimed, "who could sus pect mo of that ?" "Nobody, Allan, who really knows you.'" "The major knows me. 'hke major is the last man in the world to misutnderstand me. All I want him to do is to help me (ifheo can) to speak about a delicate subject to Miss Gwilt without hurting her feelings. Can anything ho simplor betweeon two gentlemen ? " Instead of replying, Midwinter, still speak ing as constrainedily as over, asked a question on, his side. "Do you mean to toll Major Milroy," hl said, "mwhat your intentions really are towards MIiss Gwilt? " Allan's manner altered. 1e hesitated and looked confaused. " I have been thinking of that;" he replied; "antd I mean to fool my way first, and then tell him or not afterwards, as matters turn out." A proceedine. so cautious as this was too strikingly inconsistent with Allan's character not to nsurprise any one who know him. Mid winter showed his surprise plainly. "You forget that foolish flirtation of mine with Miss Milroy," Allan went on, more and more confusedly. "'The major may have noticed it, and may have thought I' meant \--well, what I dlidln't mean. It might ebn ratlher awkward, mightn't it, to prolpose to his fco for his governess instead of his daughter? " Ro waited for a word of nnswer, but none came. Midwinter opened his lips to speak and suddenly checked himseolf. Allan, nn onsy at his silence, doubly uneasy under cer tain recollections of the mnjor's daughter which the conversation had called up, rose from the table and shortened the interview a little impatiently. " Come ! come I " he said, " don't sit there looking unuttorable things-don't make mountains of molehills. You have such an old, old hand, Mlidwinter, on those shoulders of yours? Lot's have done with all theose pros and eons. Do you moan to tell me in plain words that it won't do to speaok to the mnjor ? " "I can't take the responsibility, Allan, of telling you that. To be plainer still, Ican't feel confident of the soundness of any ndvice I may give you, in-in our present position to wards onch other. All I am sure of is, that I cannot possibly be wrong in ntroeating you to do two things." "What are they ? " "If you speak to Major Milroy, pray re member the caution I have given you. Pray think of what you say before you say it ! "I'll think-never fear F What next ?" "Before you take any serious stap in this matter write and tell Mr. Broek. Will you promise to do that ?" "With all my heart. Anything more?" "Nothing more.. I have said my last words." Allan led the way to the door. "Come into my room," lie said, " and I'll give you a cigar. The servants will be hero directly to cleaor away; and I want to go on talking about Miss Gwilt." "Don't wait for me," said Midwinter; " I'll follow you in a minute or two." He remained seated until Allan had olbsed the door- then rose and took from a corner of the room, where it lay hidden behind one of the curtains, a knapsack ready packed for travelling. As lie stood at the window thinking, with the knapsack in his hand, a strangely old, careworn look stole over his ftes : he seemed to lose the last of his youth in an instant. Whlat the woman s quicker insight had dis covered days since the man's slower per caption had only realized in tile past night. The pang that had wrung him when he heard Allan's avowal had set the truth self-revealed before Midwinter for the first time. He had boon conscious of looking at Miss Gwilt with new eyes and a new mind on the next occa sion when they moet after the memorable in terview in IMajor Milroy's garden; lie had been conscious of his growing interest thence foirth in her society, andt his growing admira tion of her beauty-but lie had novelr until now known the passion that shie had roused in him for what it really was. Knowing it at Inst, feeling it consciouisly in full possession of hli, Iel had the courage which no main with ia happier experience of life would have pos se9sed-lthe courage to recall what Allan had said to him and to look resolutely at the future through his own grateful remembrances of the past. Steadfastly, through the sleepless hours of the night, he had contemplated the senecrifice of himself to the dearest interest of his friend as part of the great debt of gratitude that he owed to Allan. Steadfastly he had bent his mind to the conviction that he must conquer the passion which had taken possession of him for Allin's sake; and that the one way to conquer it was-to go. No after-doubt as to the sacrifice had troubled him when morning came; and no after-doubt troubled him now. The one question that kept him hesitating was the question of leaving Thorpe-Ambrose. Though Mr. Brock's letter relieved him from all necessity of keeping watch in Norfolk for a woman who was known to be in Somerset shire; though the duties of the steward's oflice were duties which might be safely left in hMr. Bnashwood's tried and trustworthy hands-still, admitting these consideratiorns, his mindr was not easy at the thought of leaving Allan at a tlimo when a crisis was ap. proechbing in Allan's life. ie srlung the knapsack loosely over his sholder andl put tile question to his oconscience for the last time, 1 ea5 you trust yourself to seo her day by day as you iast seo heor can you trust yourself to hear him talk of her Ihor by hour as you must hear him-if you stay in this house ?" Again the answer cameno as it had come all through the night. Agrain his heart warned him, in the very interests of tlh friendship that he held seacred, to go while the time was his own; to go be foro the woman who had possessed herself of his lovo had posssessed herself of his power of solf-sacrifico and his sense of gratitude as well. lie looked round the room mechanically before heo turned to leave it. Every reinem bronco of the conversation that had just taken place between Allan .and himself pointed to the same conclusion, and warned him, as his own conscience had warned him, to go. HIad lihe honestly mentioned any one of the objec tions whichi he, or any man, must have seen to Allan's attachment? Had hie-as his knowledger of lis friend's fueile character bound him to do-warned Allan to distrust iris own hasty impulses, and to test himself by time and absence, before he made suro that the happiness of bis wholn life was bound up in Miss Gwilt ? No. The bare doubt whether, in speaking of these things, hl could fool that lihe was peaking disinterestedly, had closed his lips, and would close his lips for the future, till the time for speaking had gone by. Was the right man to restrain Allan the man who would have given the world, if he had it, to stand in Allan's place? There was but one phiin courso of action that an honest man and a graiteful man could follow in the posi tion in which lie stood. Fur removed from all chance of seeing her, and from all chance of hearing of her-alone with his own faithfiul recollection of whit hoe owed his friend--he might hop1 to fight it down, as hbeliad fought down the tears in his childhood, under his gipsy master's stick; as lie had fought down the misery of his lonely youth-time in the country bookseller's shop. "I must go," he said, as ho turned. wearily from the win dow, " before she comes to the house again. I must go before another hour is over my hond." With that resolution he left tile room; and in leaving it, took the irrevocab!o step from present to future. f Tie rain was still falling. The sullen sosy all round the horizon still lowered watery andt dark, when Midwinter, equippod for travelling,. appeared in Allan's room. "Good heavens !" cried Allan, pointing to the knapsack, " what does that mean ? " "Nothing very extraordinary," said Mid winter. "It only means-good-by." "Good-by!" repeated Allan, starting to his feet in astonishinent. Mlidwilter put him back gently into his chair, and drew a seat near to it for himself. " When you noticed tmhat I looked ill this morning," he said, "I told you thalt I had been thinking of a way to recover my health, nnd that I meant to speak to you about it later in the day. That later time has come. I hase been out of sorts, as the phrase is, for some time past. You have remarked it yourself, Allan, more than once; and, with your usual kind noess, you have allowed it to excuns many things in my conduct which would have been otherwvise unpardonable even in your friendly eyes." " My dear fellow," interposed Allan, "you don't mean to say your are going out on a walking tour in this pouring rain!" ":Nover mind the rain," rejoined Mid winter. "The rain and I are old friends. You know something, Allan, of the life I led before you met with me. From the time ivhen I was a child I have been used to hard ship and exposure. Night and day, some times for months together, I never had my head under a roof. For years and years the lilh of a wild animal-perhaps I ought to say the life of a savage-was the life I led, while you' were at home and happy. I have the leven of the vagabond-the vagabond animal or the vagabond 'man, I hardly know which in me still. ' Does it distress you to hear me talk of myself in this way ? I won't distress you. I will only say that the comfort and the luxury of our life here are, at times, I think a little too much for a man to whom comforts and luxuries come as strange things. I want nothing to put me right again but more air and exercise; fewer good breakfasts and dinners, my dear friend, than I get hero. Let me go back to some of the hardships which this comfortable house is expressly made to shut out. Let me meet the wind and weather as I used to meet them when I was a boy; let me feel weary again for a little while, without a carriage near to pick me up; and hungry when the night falls, with miles of walking between my supper and me. Give me a week or two away, Allan--up northward, on foot, to the Yorkshire moors and I promise to return to Thorpe- Ambrose better company for you and for your friends. I shall be back before you have time to miss me. Mr. Bashwood will take care of the business in the office; it is only for a fort night and it is for my own good-loet me go !" "I don't like it," said Allan. "I don't like your leaving me in this sudden manner. There's something so strange and dreary about it. Why not try riding if you want more exercise; all the horses in the stable are at your disposal. At all events you can't possibly go to-day. Look at the rain !" Mlidwinter looked towards the window and gently shook his head. " I thought nothing of the rain," he said, "when I was a mere child, getting my living with the dancing dogs-why should I think anything of it now ? My getting wet and your getting wet, Allan, are two very differ ent things. When I was a fisherman's boy in the Hebrides I hadn't a dry thread on me for weeks together." "But you're not in the Hebrides now," persisted Allan; " and I expect our friends from the cottage to-morrow evening. You can't start till after to-morrow. Miss Gwilt is going to give us some more mrusic, and you know you like Miss Gwilt's playing." Midwinter turned aside to buckle the straps of his knapnsack. "Give me another chance of hearing MIiss Gwilt when I come back," he said, with his head down and his fingers busy art the straps. "You have one fault, my dear fellow, and it grows on you," remonstrated Allan; " when you have once taken a thing in your hend yon're the most obstinate man alive, There's no persuading you to listen to reason. If yon will go," added Allan, suddenly rising as Mlidwinter took upj his hat and stick in silenco, "i haveys half a rand to ao with you and try a little raoughing it too I " Go with met I" rtoeoatod MIdwintor, with a momentary bitterness in his tone, "r-anl leave Miss Gwilt !" Allan sat down again, and admitted the force of the objection in significant silence. Without a word more on his side, Midwinter held out his hand to take leave. They were hoth deeply moved, and each was anxious to hide his agitation from the other. Allan took the last refuge which his friend's firmness left to him, he tried to lighten the farewell mo ment by a joke. " I'll tell you what," he said, "I begin to doubt if you're quite cured yet of your belief in the dream. I suspect you're running away from me after all I" Midwinter looked at him, uncertain whether he was in joke or earnest. " What do you mean?" he asked. " What did you tell me," retorted Allan, "when you took me in hero the other day and made a clean breast of it? What diid you say about this room and the second vision of the dream ? By Jupiter ! " lie ex claimed, starting to his feet once more, " now I look again, here is the second vision! There's the rain pattering against the window -there's the lawn and the garden outside here am I where I stood in the dream-and there are you where the shadow stood. The whole scene complete, out of doors and in; and I've discovered it this time !" A moment's life stirred again in the dead remains of MIidwinter's superstition. His colour changed; and lie engerly, almost fiercely, disputed Allan's conclusion. "No!" lie said, pointing to the little marble figure on the bracket, "the scene is not complete-you have forgotten something as usual. The dream is wrong this time, thank God-utterly wrong! In the vision you saw, the statue was lyiing in fragments on the floor; and you were stooping over them with a troubled and an angry mind. There stands the statue safe and sound !-and you haven't the vestige of an angry feeling in your mind, have you? " He seized Allan impulsively by the hand. At the same meo ment the consciousness came to him that he was speaking and acting as earnestly as if he still believed in the dream. The colour rushed back over his face, and he turned away in confused silence. "What d(id I tell you? " said Allan, laugh ing a little uneasily. "That night on the wreck is hanging on your mind as heavily as ever." S"Nothing hangs heavy on me," retorted Midwinter with a sudden burst of impatience, " but the knapsack on my back, and the time Irm wasting here. I'll go out and see if it's likely to clear up." "You'll come back?" interposed Allan. Midwinter opened the French window and stepped out into the garden. " Yes," lie said, answering with all his former gentleness of manner, "I'll come back in a fortnight. Good-by, Allan; and good luck with Miss Gwilt ? " He pushed the window to and was away across the garden before his friend could open it:again and follow him. Allan rose, and took one step into the garden; then checked himself at the window and returned to his chair. He knew Mid winter well enough to feel the total useless ness of attempting to follow him or to call him back. IHe was gone, and for two weeks to come there was no hope of seeing him again. An hour or more passed, the rain still fell, and the sky still threatened. A heavier and heavier sense of loneliness and despondency-the sense of all others which his previous life had least fitted him to under stand and endure-possessed itself of Allan's mind. In sheer horror of his own uninhabit ably solitary house lihe rang for his lint and umbrella, and resolved to take refuge in the major's cottage. "I might have gone a little way with him," thouight Allan, his mind still running on Mid winter as he put on his hat. "I should like to have seen the dear old fellow fairly started onr is journey." Ile took his umbrella. If he had noticed the face of the servant who gave it to him he might possibly have asked some questions and might have heard some news to interest him in his present frame of mind. As it was he went out without looking at the man and without suspecting that his servants knew more of Midwinter's last moments at Thorpe Ambrose than he knew himself. Not ten minutes since the grocer and the butcher had seen how Midwinter started on his journey. The grocer had met him first not far from the house, stopping on his way in the pouring rain, to speak to a little ragged imp of a boy, the pest of the neighbourhood. The boy's customary impudence had broken out even more unrestrainedly than usual at the sight of the gentleman's knapsack. And what had the gentleman done in return? He had stopped and looked distressed and put his hands gently on the boy's shoulders. The grocer's own ears had heard him say, "poor little chap! I know how the wind gnaws and the rain wets through a ragged jacket better than most people who have got a good coat on their backs." And with those words he had put his hand in his pocket and had rewarded the boy's impudence with a present of a shilling. " Wrong hereabouts," said the grocer, touching his forehead. "That's my opinion of Mr. Armadalo's friend !" The butcher had soon him farther on in the journey, at the other end of the town. He had stopped-again in the pouring rain-and this time to look at nothing more remarkable than a half-starved cur shivering on a door step. "I had my eye on him," said the butoher; "and what do you think he did? He crossed the road over to my shop and bought a bit of meat fit for a christian. Very well. He says good morning, and crosses back again; and, on the word of a man, down he goes on his knees on the wet doorstep, and out he takes his knife, and cuts up the meat, and gives it to the dog. Meat, I tell you again, fit for a christian ! I'm not a hard man, ma'am," concluded the butcher, addressing the cook, " but meat's meat; and it will servo your master's friend right if he lives to want it." With those old unforgotten sympathies of the old unforgotten time to keep him company on his lonely road ie had loft the town behind him, and liad been lost to view in the misty rain. The grocer and the butcher had seen the last of him, anadhad judged a great Ilatulre, as all great natulres are jtldged, from the grocer and the butcher point of view. (Ti be coltinued.) WVhy Ahould young hldlios bO subject to the ooneoription ?-l-ocaueo they nro accus tomod to bare arms. The fertility of English novelists has oftes boon animadverted upon in the GOrman press; but what is to be said of an authoress (Mrs. or Miss Kathinka Litz) who under tho name of K. Th. Lianitzka, is about to publish twenty-oight volumes all at once ? Pall Iall Gazette. A very simple invention was exhibited at the Birmingham cattle-show for making butter by atmospheric action, the air being forced by a plunger into the midst of the milk or cream, which is contained in a cylinder, the result being that in a few minutes butter is made, leaving the milk perfectly sweet for family use. A V?NEnReAR Surr.-There sailed roe contly from Hull, amid the cheers of a great multitude, the barque Truelove, the only vessel despatched this year from Hull to the Davis Straits whale fisheries. The Truelove is one of the oldest vessels afloat. She was built at Philadelphia, United States, in the year 1764, and is consequently 102 years old. SA.E OF A CoMIC SroERS-On Friday afternoon, a novel sale by public auction took place in the rooms of Messrs. I-utchin son and Dixon, West Nile-street, Glasgow. For several day placards in the city an nounced the coming sale of the services of Mr. James Taylor, described as the cham pion comic of Groat Britain. On certain conditions Mr. Taylor proffered his services for the four months, from November next, to the highest bidder, engaging to sing twice every lawful evening in any establish ment and in any town to which he might be sent. The novelty of the affair doubtless excited a good deal of curiosity amongst Mr. Taylor's professional brethron in the city, who crowded into the mart as the hour of ealo approached. At five o'clock Mr. Hutch mnson moved himself into the chair which was placed on a table, and was soon after wards supported on the right by Mr. Taylor, for whom similar accommodation had been provided. The gentlemen who were expected to become bidders stood or were soated in front of the auctioneer. Many of them woere smoking cigars, and an array of champagne glasses which studded a green baize-covered table gave promise of pleasures yet to come. He opened the proceedings by explaining the circumstances under which he came to occupy the chair; but before ad vancing to the real business of the day he caused the champagne to be handed round, while the company smoked and chatted, chaffed Mr. Taylor in a quiet way, and quaffed his health with fraternal favour. Thus comfortably circumstanced, the bidding began. The first offer made was £100, im mediately increased to £110; but it was evident that this was intended merely as a start, because the bidding went up with a rush through all the intermediate tens till £230 was reached. Offers were now ad vanced more cautiously, and when £315 was gained the bidders became so shy that a suggestion was made that some more cham pagne should be uncorked. The hint was acted upon, and the sparkling beverage again went round. After a brief interval, and what seemed a grateful refresher, Mr. IHutchinson again went to work, but it ap peared still to be a very stiff up- hill struggle with him. At £325 the last call was threatened by the auctioneer hut two additional bids were faintly ventured upon, and at £335 the service for four calendar months of the champion comic was secured on behalf of the proprietor of a Glasgow concert room. The bidding, as it seemed, was confined to one or two gentlemen re presenting the proprietors of concert rooms in the city. After beingknocked down, Mr. Taylor sprang up with characteristic alert ness to thank the company for their patron age, and, descending from his perch, was lost among the crowd.-Glasgow Herald. During the late gales a lighthouse in course of erection on the dangerous point known as the Wolf Rock, on the Cornish coast, has been levelled with the crag on which it stood. This lighthouse has already been five years in course of erection, and it has cost eight or nine thousand pounds. Every stone in it weighed three tons, and the huge slabs were not only joggled and dovetailed together vertically'and laterally, and cemented with the most adhesive cement known, but they were further secured by immense iron bolts lot in with molten lead. Not one stone now stands upon another. INTERESTING CourL.--There is a couple in Cincinnati who have been engaged to be married for the last five years, but no time has occurred within that period when they wore both out of prison at the same time. A BRIEF AND POISED CITICISM.--The Rockland Gazette, in announcing the receipt of a new work, speaks thus briefly and to the point:-We have received a book entitled Arabella, a Tale of Tenderness. The author is a fool. PITlHY C?nITO?oI.-The Providence Jour nal says of a now book :-Some of the pieces in his book are, in a certain sense, humour ous. The funny poetry makes us weep, the pathetic verses make us laugh; and so the book is, in a certain sense, humourous. Josh Billings says-" I could never find the meaning of the word collide in Web ster. But riding the other day on the New York Central Railway I saw it all. It is the attempt of two trains to pass each other on a single track. If I remember correctly it was a shocking failure." MDLL.. TncnESA.-According to the Temps, the following tempting offer has been made by M. Paul Dupont, the manager of the Alcazar, of Marseilles, to Mdlle. Theresa, the now celebrated diva of Paris: 20,000 fr. (£800) for her services for one month, or £.10 per night, travelling and hotel expenses in the first hotel in Mar seilles paid; a carriage and pair with livery servants during her stay; illuminations in the hotel on the evening of her arrival; a serenade with torches; an official reception at the railway terminus and grand saloon of the hotel by the manager and staff of the Marsoilloes Alcazar; an entry into the city in a caleche drawn by four horses, which will be announced beforehand by special aoiichlr ; a grand dinner the day after her arrival; the Alcazar to be brilliantly illuminated and decorated during her stay, and two hundrod seats to be reserved for the ilile of Mar soillaise sooioty. Tempting as this offer is, Mdllo. Theresa has declined it, and the Temps asks, " what more does she require -a salvo of twenty-one guns, the National Guards drawn up to receive her, and the keys of the city presented to her on a silver dish ?" AN ANCIENT Site.-An oaken vessel, nearly eighty feet in length, nearly twelve feet beam, about four and a half bfoot deep in the middle, rising to about ten feet at bow and stern, and evidently designed for swift sailing, has recently been discovered imbedded five feet deep in a marsh at Flonsborg, Schleswig. Runic inscriptions on the timber point to a date in the second century after Christ, and yet the wood is, comparatively speaking, so little decayed that the whole ship has boon removed and repaired, with a view to its careful preserva tion. In the portion of the ship apparently devoted to cooking, or at least dining, were found the inscriptions referred to, as also bones of the animals used for food, axes, lances, and other weapons. As no human bones were found, it is presumed that the vessel had put in for safety from an enemy and been sunk or abandoned. The rudder, quite of modern form, was discovered in its normal position. The eternal nigger appears to be falling into the hands of the advertising quacks in (, America, who proclaim their ability to wash the Ethiop if not white, at least olive colour. The following is from an American paper: -"fAll Negroes Notice. You Can Become White.-Lovere's recent discovery will re move the pigmentary deposits from the skin, changing the darkest complexion to a bright olive in the course of from three to ten weeks. This compound is free from all poisonous and irritating qualities, and although its effects are rapid, yet it is per fectly harmless to the skin." Nine months ago Pithole City, Pennsyl vania, consisted of two houses. Now it supports a newspaper having a circulation of three thousand copies, receives fifty thousand letters monthly, and sustains twelve hotels. Missouri Democrat. A SLIPPING STORY.-Three boys went bathing in one of the streams near Oil Croeek, and when they came out were so greasy that they couldn't stay in their clothes. As fast as they slipped them on they would slip off again; and one of the lads, in a heedless moment, narrowly escaped slipping out of his skin. On reaching home, their parents being exceedingly frugal, wrung them out and extracted about fifteen gallons of pure oil from the three boys. American Paper. Mr. Anthony Lefroy, M.P., son of the Irish chief-justice, has been relieved by the Speaker of the House of Commons from the obligation of serving on election committees, "in consequence of his advanced age." A Dublin correspondent writes;-" This no doubt was a proper thing, as well as a kind thing to do. Thom's Almanack does not give the year when the hon. member for the Dublin University was born, but as he was married forty-two years ago he is probably somewhere between sixty and seventy, and his friends consider that he may fairly plead his advanced age as a reason why he should now be relieved from any labourious duties. But they would be extremely indignant if any one were so indelicate as to suggest that his father should be relieved from his duties as Lord Chief-Justice of the Queen's Bench for the same reason. He was born in 1776, and is therefore ninety years old." DIUERENT lMODES or SIVINrGC.-It is, we suppose, rather below the dignity of his tory to write upon razors, real razors, sharp things of fat steel, with which people who aspire to smooth chins daily cut off their. beards and exasperate their tempers. It was a great writer, however, who said that he questioned whether the habit of shaving in one sex-we fear he said the necessity of shaving, but then he lived before the beard* movement-was not a fair compensation for the pains of child-bearing in the other. Each is in some degree the result of civili sation; for while savage women bear their children and go to work the next day with out any perceptible ill consequences, savage men either exempt themselves from shaving altogether, or adopt means more summary and of leoss frequent occurrence than the daily operation with steel. One race uses fire, another pumice stone, another lime, and a fourth the hard inner cuticle of the oyster shell, a device which seems ingeniously adapted to combine the largest amount of, ugliness with the greatest quantity of suffer ing.-Spectator. It has become a proverb in America that the reason why so many Americans are go ing abroad is the fact that a family can live in Europe on the rent of their house in any': of the great American cities. The death is announced, at Paris, of the banker, M. Louis Hottingeur. He leaves two children, and property which is esti mated at £2,400,000. The Staffordshire manufacturers have ad vanced the prices of china and earthenware at the rate of about ten per cent., owing to the enhanced value of labour and materials. 