OLD BOYS. . A married old boy is a' painful and humi liating object. Ho is often, without knowing it, affording as much aimnemcnt to his wife as to any one else : fur ns no man is a hero to his yoke-fellow, the effort of the old boy to liguro killingly in strange eyes must strike those of his lawful spouse as singularly ridiculous and ineffectual. Old boys are the lust to compre hend this ; the' aro not aware of tho hopeless, dreary contempt which women entertain for the husbands who prove fulse to their love, or their ambition, and how quietly they can enjoy the dishonest airs nnd grimaces which the elderly fool puts on for others in their presence. Often, too, when matters grow notorious, tho slighted lady has consolations of which the world and tho old boy aro ignorant. What does she lose in him/. Wc hare nothing in ' our social state so contemptible as the married old boy. He is so utterly nnd so irritntingly nt variance with our notions of what uu old man ought to be, that if we wero not accus tomed to the character, we should regard it as positively monstrous. The horrible anecdotes one of theso dotards will tell you after dinner or in the smoking-room will disgust you more with humanity than if yon rose fresh from reading au account of Swift's Yahoos, When ho has grown eons and daughters, ho is, if possible, more revolting. Before them we will uut conceive him offensive, hut wo havc,sccn a married old hoy positively order his oldest son out of the way while ho sat mumbling before a young girl, and picking out doating tonipli- uionts, which, it may he rcmaikcd, arc current coin with old boys. To note those fine fellows doddering about the freshest flowers in , a ball- room is an amusement calculated to try the temper,. Wo aro -not to bo misunderstood, there aro old gentlemen with wives and with out, with -whom the spark of real chivalry is quick, and who are ready to fetch, to carry, lo run, or to bow, with a faithful and touching deference, which may fairly challcngo the youngest squire of dames to a rivalry at least for a place in a lady's good graces. In them we rend a lesson which our generation might profit by ; in tho others wo road a lesson too, but it is a lesson liko that which the Greek child learned when the Helot was made to illustrate the warning addressed Id Lira. To be an old boy is really an. awful fate. The very name implies an uunaturtil conjunction — - to be old without the wisdom of ago, and, young without tho attractions of youth. Thero is a weird story repeated by Addison from Plato. Accounting for ghosts appearing in churchyards, the ' Spectator' used a 'supposition of tho philosopher's, who conceived that those who died with ficrco ond unsubdued desires, when freed from the body, were punished by a perpetual longing,' and an utter impotence to repeat their p.teasures# In the miserable effort to possess the body thoy haunted tiio nrns and graves. AVecati hardly imagine a more dreadful torturo than .this, and it seems to have been specially invented for the punishment of old boys. Wo may take it for granted that the condi tion of old boyhood is the sequel of a misspent manhood. Earnest workers or thinkers be come quiet family men, who wait calmly until the scone closes1 on them. And even amongst those who arc of the bachelor persuasion thero arc not a few honest trumps who never exhibit old boyisro. . Old boys are mostly shallow- patcd, to add to their other charms. They never care lor music or painting, aitiiougn tiioy may pretend to go into ecstacies over " Faust," or " My Second Sermon." Books delight them not, but they depasture on newspapers and club-gossip. It is they who mostly buy those evil pictures which arc advertised — wo regret to write it — in English journals. Old boys slink into " Finishes," and patronise cider- cellars. They take private boxes for bullet performances. They hear the chimes at mid night. It is for tbcm chiefly that loose songs are composed There are an ungenial, selfish, disreputable race, and the women should set their faces against them. They ought to know that an old boy seldom marries, and that if he docs, and retains his old boylsm, they are in for a wretched existence. To thoso who are ready to accept any old boy with money wo have nothing to s ly ; and to those who permit tho innocent attentions of such a juvenile with a view to making liim pay for them, wo need only to say that their taste, not to mention self- respect, is questionable. But ladies ought to 'give the old boy the cold shoulder. lie assumes their tolerance as a license, and basks in it. For Iris own sake he ought to bestirred up, and sent off. He is living in a day-dream to which a sorry awakening 19 io store tor bitn. If a lady wants to rid herself of an old hoy, let kcrnly ever so slightly press the corn of his age, and the thing is done. Let her speak at tho top of her voico to him, ns if ho were deaf, beg of hiin to rest frequently when as cending a bill, request Lira to sit out of the draught between the keyhole and tho fireplace,, inquire after his cough, or exercise any other cruel Iriudncss, and the old boy will disappear. Wc present our fair readers with theso simple recipes, but would not limit their ingenuity to them. Illustration op Envy.— Tbo California " pools" continuo to compliment each other iu their own happy stylo. One of them, the pro prietor of a bar- room in Sau Francisco, visited New York recently, and was glorified with a hotel dinner, at which Mr. Bryant presided. Whereupon, another Californian "poet," one John R. Ridge, of tho Grass JYalloy National, thuspraves: — w You can shake tho ten thou sand poctsof the Uuitcd States together, and not turn out a worse ono than that same whiskey-. selling L . Plain truth might as woll be spoken, once in a while, in a lying, humbug- ping nge> just by way of variety. L knows how to soil liquor, and to make money by it, but lie dobs not know how to write poetry. Such, however, is only our opinion. Perhaps wo are not n good judge, as wc came from 1 Arkansaw.' We will make a bet, how ever, tbut h pays for the banquet out of his own pocket. Faugh 1" Affinity. — In a new novel, styled " Al- phodel," occurs tho following astounding bit of wisdom: — "Tho mysteries of affinity over reach our happiness like a bjuo lieaven. Tho horizon expands around us, and the vulgar limitations of the day rcsolveaud mix into a speck within our widetetcrnily, There is no reserve; nothing, however, veiled, that shall not be revealed to the double sight of lore. Russell did not say these words as be walked across tlje ncutral-tintcd hills in tho warm sun of an nutumnal noon." What can a Halfpenny Do? — In -the neighbourhood of Bcthcsda, ' close to Colonel Pennant's slato quarries, near Bangor, North Wales, a very interesting incident took place thrco weeks ago. A working uian, with somo of his friends, went to one of the many public houses in this neighbourhood and spent all tho money he had with him except ono penny, and with that ho asked the hiudludy fur another glass of beer nnd trust 'for tho half penny until he should come there oguin. Sho very scornfully replied that sho would not trust Lira a halfpenny, nnd kept the glass from him. Thcu the man went homo to his wifo to search for tho large amount of n half penny, nnd told her that thut would bo the last halfpenny ho would ever spend in beer. Ills wifo, poor creature ! who was ill in bed, nnd not having too much of sustenance to keep body and soul together, replied that sho hnd none; hut said if that was to be tho hist sho would send for the loan of a halfpenny. After he got it ho went back to the public house and paid for the glass, and told the Inudhidy that that was the last money he would over spend for drink thero or anywhere else. Then he went direct to ono of tho quar ries in the neighbourhood, whero he used to work, and told his fellow-workmen of the thing that hud happened between him and the public house lady. Thoro and thou they resolved to 9ign tho tcmpcranco pledge, and in a night or two their number reached about ono hundred of the worst characters for drink ing in the neighbourhood. In a week or two the number reached about five hundred; and at present tho whole neighbourhood is covered with temperance fire, and the history of the hnlfponny spreads tho lire to other neighbour hoods, and is making such a revolution in the kingdom 'of Sir John Barleycorn, that the publicans are jn daugerof their livelihood, flf tney won t rcireai io somo oiiic .anu mwiui trade. I have very. good hopes that the tcm pcranco cause will stand awlrilo this time, for they are forming olubs called. Washington elubs, or club du; a called by tbo publicans. They put in from la. to 10s. or more per month, and \& they break tho plcdgo they arc to forfeit tho whole. I hope that the half penny rcfojm won't stop uniil it covers tbo principality of. Wales with its glorious fruits. —'United Kingdom Allinnco News.' A CONVICT SHIP. — The passage may look alarming, the idea of being cooped up between decks for three months with the worst of the class you see before you may be abhorrent to you ; but the very voyage itself which seems so dreadful will be better than public works. To be cooped up with the characters you see before you — even though you are so only at night — is indeed bad ; worse, far worse in some ways than you can have any idea of. In those hours during which you are shut down below — hours in which no officer dare show his face, the atmosphere is for foul conversa- tion a little hell. You then see human na- ture, not in its highest form of development, wholly unrestrained in word or thought. What the heart suggests is spoken out without shame or hesitation. There is no savageness or brutality— nothing of the kind ; but filthi- ness beyond belief. The god of the profes- sional thief is not Satan, but Belzeebub ; not the god of hate and pride, but of lewdness and dirt. In the ship in which I came out the scene on Christmas night, a night of supreme uproariousness, gave me a more fearful idea of hell than any I could have ever conceived, and yet all was good humour and jollity. It was a display of unrestrained thought exhi- bited in unrestrained language. It was hor- rible. I remember a first-class thief of the French school saying to me that could he have ever realized being present at such a scene it would have cured him of thieving. A hardened professional, and by no means nice, even he felt it to be " horrible" But your life on board the convict ship is, with this one drawback, a step forward. While on board you are practically free. You are shut down at night, but the day you are your own master in the forepart of the ship, and even at night are undisturbed by officers. A con- vict ship, from the moment she is out of sight of land, is practically in the hands of the three hundred men she is transporting. There is a guard of pensioners it is true, and precau- tions are taken to meet any outbreak, but the power is with three hundred young able des- perates, and there are so many occasions when the guard might be taken unprepared, that the safety of the vessel really depends on the temper of the men. It is therefore an object of primary importance to avoid any thing cal- calculated to give unnecessary irritation. The great thing is to keep the men contented and careless, and this is best effected by leav- ing them to themselves So left, allowed to lounge about and read and talk and smoke (above deck) as they please, and obliged only to keep their part of the ship clean, and do what is necessary for health and cleanliness— they give no trouble. Easily, very easily irri- tated, they yet desire a safe, quiet voyage. Most of them men who have seen a great deal of life and well able to calculate consequences, they see no good to be gained even by a suc- cessful seizure of the vessel, and if left to do pretty much as they please, will be as orderly as ordinary passengers.—' Cornhill Magazine.' NARROW ESCAPE FROM THE BLACKS. — A shepherd named John Waller, was admitted to the Maitland Hospital on Friday evening last, suffering severely from a spear wound, which he had received from the blacks on the Big River in December last. It seems that Waller was shepherding on Mr. King's station, and one evening his hut was surrounded by the blacks, who were armed with spears, wad- dies, and boomerangs, and in full fighting cos- tume. They demanded " rum" from Waller, who refused ; and by doing so, they immedi- ately attacked him, inflicting several severe wounds on the head and arms, and driving one large spear into his body, where it broke off, leaving the man quite unconscious. Since the affray the man has been suffering the most excruciating torture ; and although having been treated by some of the most emi- nent up-country doctors, and been in the Tam- worth hospital for three months, he experi- enced no alleviation of his misery till he was visited by Dr. Spink, of this town, on Satur- day morning last. Dr. Spink at once deter- mined on an operation, the result of which was the extraction of a spear head about seven inches in length, which, if suffered to remain much longer where it was, would most as- suredly have caused the man's death. As may easily be imagined, the removal of a foreign body of such dimensions (which had been fes- tering in the body for nine months without being discovered before), has given the poor man great relief and there is now, thanks to Dr. Spink's promptitude, knowledge, and skill, every prospect of his speedy recovery. Dr. Spink was assisted in the operation by Drs. Harpur and Waddell.— ' Maitland Mer- cury | Remarkable- Escape from a Living i Grave. — Tho ' Cleveland Herald' publishes tliu following remarkable caso of resuscitation which hud just Occurred in that city, show ing that fnc is sometimes stranger than fiction, if notasromautie: — A young German, recoutly married to a handsomo lady of very respectable parentage, was takcu suddenly ill at his place of business on Friday. Ho was placed in a carriage and taken to his residence in Kric-strcct, where lie lay in great agony until Sunday, when the disease so prostrated his physical power that he lay motionless upon tho bed, while weeping friends surrounded tho couch. To all appoarancc ho was dead, and it was so decided. Arrangements were about to be made for tho interment, whon the young wifo feeling she could not give lrim up so soon, insisted that tho funeral he postponed until Tuesday morning. To gratify the woman thus brought so speedily to mourn tho loss of her husband, tho funeral was postponed. The disconsolate wifo spent most of tho day on Monday in the same room with tho corpso, wccpijig as though her licnvt would break, f>nd still clinging to the idcu that lie could not be dead. About twilight on Monday, when orcrything about the Itouso was perfectly quiet, except when the stillness was broken by the sighs of the bereaved widow, thero being but few persons in tho room, tho body seemed to move. It was but a slight motion, yet suffi cient to arrest tho attention of ono tearful eyo. When the wife insisted that life was not extinct, tlint tho body did move, her friends .hccauio anxious about her reason, and tried toj divert her mind from tho sorrowful scene.. Two long hours were spent in conversation, the: ti'icnus urging that sho was. deceived, possibly; by tho flickering light, as tho1 shadows it cast might have produced the effect sho ascribed to vitality; The feeling of that littlo circle of; devoted friends is known only to themselves , and Him whoso all-seeing eyo visits thp inmost' recesses of our hearts '' During tho conversa tion all eyes .involuntarily rested upon- the habiliments of the grave and .tho features of lrim whom they supposed would soon become- ono of its occupants. At tho end of the two hours another slight- movement was perceived by all the party. The scene which followed can never be described. Tho wifo clung to tho motionless form of her husband, alter nately weeping ond begging of lrim to speak just ono word, while tho friends wept for joy, hastened for a physician, alarmed the servants by their strange conduct, and presented oscono of confusion generally. When the physician arrived, the frienda were assembled about the living man, suggesting nnd applying all tho restoratives ever hcurdor dreumed of by any of tho party, while the wile overwhelmed with joy and. completely worn out with excessive excitement, had swooned away, and was lying at tho side of her husband in thesnmo death like stillness that had embraced his form but a few moments before. Tho physician took tho necessary steps to restore tho woman and resuscitate the man, which was speedily accom plished in both cases, and or wo-writo to-duy the woman is joyous nnd happy, while the man thinks Iris escape from a living gravo one of tho features of his life. j ustices' j ustice — Tho following letter appears in tho 'Nowensilo Standard' of Satur day last : — " To the Editor of tho Standard. Sir — With your sanction I, cannot permit the present issno of your journal to pass without bringing under tho notice of yourself and tho public generally tho manner in which tho business of our police oflieo 13 conducted — moro particularly in connection with a case brought before their worships Ilclonus Scott, Esq., M32., nnfl Mr. Stokes, J.P., on Thurs day last, 29th 'instant, in which a seaman was charged with trcapnssingon the Great Northern railway. In order that the. particulars of this case may bo better understood, I will endea vour to relate it in the precise terms in which , it' occurred: — Water. Polieo Magistrate to prisoner: You are charged with trespassing upon the Great Northern railway; aro you guilty or not guilty? Prisoner: Guilty. Water Police Magistrate, to. porter of railway (prosecutor in tho case) : Itelato tho circum stances. Porter: I had been in conversation with a water policeman, and had just left him, intending to pass down tbo wharf when I fancied I heard a rustling in ono of tho com partments of n railway carriage. 'I looked to see tho cause, ''arid, found the prisoner- there; I asked him what. ho wanted, he 'said he had lost something, and was Rooking for it". I gave him in charge; ho was the worse for liquor. Police Magistrate to- Prisoner: Who aro you," or what arc you? Prisoner: lam a man. Police Magistrate (with warmth) : Tnko tho scoundrel to tho loclc-up, where. lie came from, that is the best placo for lrim. Prisoner removed towards tho lock-up, but before reaching it ho was rc- callcd. Police Magistrate to sergeant Conway: Ascertain who this blackguard is. Sergeant Conway (forwarding a discharge): Ho ism seaman, your Worship. Police Magistrate to prisoner (after a consultation with Mr. Charles F. A « 'IU. y. Dflrt.il flnj .#>« ,Bnilia, .n J U LUAU.l J . 1 IIU IKilLII UUU Ull gUlllJ j UlJli fine you £10— (Sensation in Court) — Have you auy money to pay tho fine, or goods tn lo levied upon? Prisoner: No, sir. Ilis Wor ship : will then be imprisoned in Mait land gaol for six weeks. (Great sensation). Such, Sir, is a truthful statcmont of the facts in connexion with this case; nnd I submit that tho punishment awarded to this inan is niost.uneallcd for.. In previous cnscs of this description one night's Confinement is con sidered sufficient punishment. 1 will Icavo the public to judge why, in this particular instance, such a heavy penalty was nwarded. In conclusion, I may state that it is the 'inten tion of somo 'gentlemen present during tho hearing of .thig, 'extraordinary' chargo, to havo the matter brought beforo the Government, nnd to cause inquiry to bo mado into the con duct of tho polieo magistrate in connexion with other matters rclativo to his office. Yours, &c.;, Veritas." A Fortunate Eari,.— By tbo dentil of the Earl of Harrington, nt Cannes, tbo titlo rind the estates, worth '£30,000 n-yenr. nnd which before long will, it is said, lie worth £50.000, have gone to n cousin.- who wns-in possession of rin incomo that would be considered narrow even for a Lon don clerk. Upon this income he lms brought rip in Uio most admirable way, a family of thirteen children, and tho eldest son, now Viscount Peter- shnni, and heir to the title, hns been educated Ua a civil engineer. The new enrl is a nian" of con siderable ingennity, and boating' men will know him as the builder of many n handsome yacht. His lordship is tho eldest son of that Hon. and Rev. Fitzroy Strinhope, who was denn of lurynri, and died n few months ngb; Tho dchh1 was np- i pointed to that pivferment in 1815, and then went down to tho LnndV-End and read himself in, but 'never went near the placo again, olthoughifdrfifty" years he drew mora than £1,000 a-y'ear from 'it. The Dean . of, "Westminster and the Bust ofMr.Cobden.— The following petition was presented to tho Dean of Westminster on the 4th Juno. Conditional permission has been obtained1 from the authorities of West minster Abficy to placo within that building a bust of the lato Mr. Cobdcn. One has been executed by Mr. Thonos Woolncr, to the entire satisfaction of ;Mra. Cobden, whose family regard it as a very perfect likeness of her lato lamented husband. It bos also boon usccrt&iocd; that a euitublc-position can he obtained for tbo bust. Considering tho great and disinterested services which Mr. Cobden rendered to bis country, tho undersigned beg to express their hope that his likeness may not bo looked for in- vain within tho Abbey. And they now > respectfully request leave to bring their wising under tho notieo of tho .-Very ltovercnd tho Dean of Westminster. (Signed.) Argyll. James Clark, Charles Dickens, B. Disraeli, W. K. Gludstono, Joseph Hooker, B. .Jowctt, Kinnnird, F. 1). Maurice, S. Oxon, Alfred Tennyson, W. II. Thompson, London, May 19. The Dean, on rccoipt of this petition, imme diately replied that " he gladly asscntcd,r to its prayer. ' A Peculiar Clause.— Old Parson Patton is ono of the old-farihioned' preachers who aro guiltless' of Greek and Hobrcwy hut do a vast amqrint of good! in their peculiar why. Ho lived in Central Missouri at the, timo tho war broko out, was a stanch Union man, apd tho " right to secede," not having :afc that timo been decided by 'the " inexorable logio of events,"- wtis the subject of frequent, and ani mated discussion between' tbo porson and! old; iColonel B.-r— i.onb'of his-flock. ,'Tfio Colonel maintained,; and dogmatically decided that tho- jtight, of- Recession was implied! if not expressed: in tbo Constitution, and, if- not ":so nominated ,in tho bond, it 'sliould ben" 1 Tho' pnrson was1 called on to'officintd when MaVy.-tbb Colbnej's, daughter, proposed tp become. Mrs Eppeii'nn.. All parties wore ready- 'on . tho floors . The- parson, (deviating from the text) asked,- '.'Do; you, Mr. Epporsnn, take this woman to bo your a lawful and wedded wife, tolovo arid cherish " foveas long ns it suits your convenience ?" "Hold'on parsonl What iVthnt?" " No-! tbirigybrotber ;B- — said the parsofi ; "I am. only putting in the secession clause 1" , Thames Euoankmrnt- — Tho first -portion of tho river wall of tho Thames Embnnkmcnt, - ex tending from' King's Collego to :Norfolk-street; Strand,. having been, cqmplcted nnd.- inspected, the outer pilo.. of tho cd.Tur.dam 'iidad in its con struction has been removed. -This was effected by a novel. and' efficient apparatus propelled by: steam power; wbich sawed- the immense Iranlks of timber close to tho bed of, the river. .This method hns been adopted instead of drawing tho piles, in order to prayent nny'damngc to the founantinniof the wall. The portion already uncovered, although : wanting the superstructure, ban ri very hnudsomo npnearnnco us seen from the rivor. Wise Men and ' Fools. — Tho wiso man is1 happy when he gjjins.his" own approbation, tho fool when ho gnins tlmt of others, y The Science of ICissiNo.— People will kiss,, yet not one in a hundred know, how to extract, bliss from lovely Jijw,' any moro than they know, how to make diamonds from charcoal. And yet. it is ewy at least for us. First know wfinm you . are going to kj'ss. Don't make a mistake,, al though a mistake may be good. Don't jump lile . a trout for a fly, arid smack a good woman on the neck, on the car, on the corner of her foraliead, or on the end of her rinse', or knock off her waterfall. The gontlcmnn should be rnthcrtnller thnn'tliclady. He should havo clean face, n kind cvci nnd-o. nmrith full of expression. Don't kiss every body. Don't Bit down to it ; Need not be nnxiotia About, getting in a crowd. Two" persons are plenty to. corner, and. .catch a .hisa;,. more persons 'would' spoil the sport. . Take the left hand of tho In'dy . in your right; let your hat go, toany place .nut . of the why; throw the left hand .gently over, the shoulder of the lady, rind let it fall down, the jrigfit side, inwards the' licit, "Don't 'be in a. hurry.;:. dr?aw her gently, lovingly to your heart. Ilcr herid'will1 fall 'lightly upon your shoulder— nnd a., handsome Khnultjeristrnp it makes. , Don't he in a ' hrirrv s'scnd'n little life dojvnyour left arm. Her left' hand is iri.your right : let thero be an impres sion to that, not liko , tho grip of a vic'(», .but a gentle clasp, full of electricity, thought, arid re- ' spcct. . IWt bom a hurry. . Her bend lies care- , lcs'sly on yoiir shoulder.. Yon arc nearly heart to hoart. Look dn\yn..jrito'her half closed eyes.' Gently, . yet mnnfujly, press her to yonr. losom» Stand firm. Bq bravo, lirit- .don't be iV ii hurry. k Iter Hps i'ajro nliriost open. Lean slightly forward; with yo'urihertd, riot the body.'1 Take g«5d hipi ; tlijC lips meet; the. ayes close: tho. heart opens! the soul rules the. storms, troubles, and sorrows of life (don't bo. in a hurry) heaven opens beforo - - you ; the world shoots under your feet, as a metco. flashes across the evening sky (don't be afraid);, tlie nervcs.dnnrc before, the jusrierected altar, of - love, ns zephyrs dnnre'-with the. dow.trlrmricd flowers; the heart forgets its bitterness, and the art of kissing is lchrped. No fuss, no noise, no,, fluttering and squirming like honk-impaled worms. Kissing don't hurt it don't require a brass, blind , to make it; legal.— Thit, People.. . . . Education. — The liberality of city men when any sound scheme is proposed, no matter whether ? it be purely philanthropic or utilitarian, is princely. Some time ago a meeting;wnsbelrl nt the Mansion house. to promote niiddlc-claso cducntiop. It was : then: proposed to raise £50,000 for tbo education .» of J, 000 children.- In six wt-eka £30,000, had- been raised. So encouraging is this, that the commit- it-c, w i\ijqm.mu?i;ninn,xi8icis iQccnuirmnn, now intend to raise double the originally intended nmmint, and, to. provide for the cducatiou of 2,000 children, and there is no doubt it will be done, for, besides genuine philanthropy, there, is in- the .city a strongiqritU; of rivalry, which .always, tcr.ds ,to swell subscriptiona onco begun with spirit.. In tho schools -which nrc.to bo established, ospecial atten tion is to bp, paid to Freiieb,.Germnn, and. Italian, n involving somewhat less devotion to tho- dead' languages. . , , t. , . , . , ; . , ; ? : : . "Why is a flatterer liko a mnn disgusted wijji an acrobat ?— Because ho is sictoof-anlia ; (sycha- phantin). , Punctual Men.— A punctual man is very rarely a poor man, nnd never a man of doubtful credit. ; Ilis small accounts, arc. frequently settled, and lie never meets with difficulty in raising money.. to pay. largo demands.- . ; - The,. Enjoyment of : Hemembeiiino.— It is often debated wbich is the inost enjoyable— tho ; anticipation of a pleasure, or. its realization; but the power of, recalling, mellowed nnd hallowed by the lapse ,o( time, is more potent than cither. ?,. Flkasub of Good AcTiONB.n-After wo have . practised guod notions for awhile, thoy become ensy. ; and when they are easy we begin to tako „ pleasure in them nnd when they plcaeo us, we do , them frequently : pi;,, by frequeuey of acts, a thing grows , into habit, .and, confirmed, is a kind of second rnturo ;.,nml so far ns nnylhing is natural, so far-it is.nccQRfnry and we- -can-hardly do other- , wise — nay, wo do it muny times when .wo do not think of if. The VpLUNTEEns.-7rThe total number of volun teers in England nnd Wales is 142,701. being at? the rate of little more than seven per .thousand of the whole. population ; i and in Scotland 31.421, or: .in the proportion pf nearly twelve and a-bulf .per thousand. , , , / A 