George Eliot's Novels. BY JOHN MORLEY. (FROM MACMILIAN'S MAGAZINE FOR AUGUST.) It has been very wisely said that the end and aim of all literature is, in truth, nothing but a criticism of life. The reason why so few novels have any place at all in literature proper is that so few of them exhibit even the feeblest sense of the need or possibility of such a criticism. Unhappily, it is not given to every writer who can spin a plot and piece together a few traits of character, labelling them with the name of a man or woman, to perceive that life moves from a thousand complicated and changing springs, and works into infinite diversified results, which it is the highest in- terest of men to meditate upon. It demands an expansive energy, of which only the mind of rare vigour is capable, to shake oneself free from the shackles of one's own circumstance and condition, and thence to rise to a feeling of the breadth and height and unity of human fortunes. This feeling is the first and most valuable condition of all the higher kinds of literary production. Literature is the expres- sion of this profound sentiment in all the varied forms- religious, poetic, philosophic which it assumes in minds of various cast; it is at once the noblest result and the finest gratification of man's curiosity about his own nature and his own lot. Men are fascinated by thin criticism of life even when they are unconscious of what it is that attracts them. It gives a size and depth to a book by which the most stupid people cannot chiose but be impressed, though their conceptions of what size and depth come to may be of the haziest and dimmest. An author who can suggest this wide outlook over the world has got not only the prime element of success in his art, but the safest guarantee for an unbounded popularity into the bargain. The writer of Silas Marner and of Romola is the delight of wise men and of fools for other reasons besides this; but underlying and pervading them all with an impenetrable sub- tlety is this sense, which even a dull mind cannot miss, of the huge size of circumstance, this consciousness of an attempt to fathom its depths, to measure its forces, to weigh its pro- ducts in human life. This fathoming and measuring and weighing may be conducted with delicacy or with coarseness –with power or only with the affectation of power –with a truly adjusted balance and nice weights, or with weights that are hollow and a balance that has its tongue pressed into its place by artifice. In George Eliot's books the effect is produced by the most delicate strokes and the nicest proportions. In her pictures men and women fill the foreground, while thin lines and faint colour show us the portentous clouds of for- tune or circumstantial looming in the dime dis- tance behind them and over their heads. She does not paint the world as a huge mountain with pygmies crawling or scrambling up its rygged sides to inaccessible peaks, and only tearing their flesh more or less for their pains. The difficulty of keeping this truthfulness of proportion between effort and accomplish- Btweien the power of tfcei ofciwulnstano^ m+itf ifirtwmrl Uriwrtfi fata weafc*uefr"i % find tii6bfar a i TV &.&&&&^ and women It doe* sot match in half-a-dozen of the longest that ever were written, so richly has the writer appreciated the great neglected truth t! at people want texts and not sermons. If a novel has any use at all apart from the idlest diversion and time-killing, it must be as a repertory of vivid texts, by which I certainly do not mean merely tests of morals, pointing only to the right and wrong of conduct, though this is the first standard, but those reflections also which lead people to work out for them selves notions of what is graceful and seemly, to teach themselves a more exquisite intellectual sensibility, and to enlarge their own scope of affection and intensity of passion. These are the rightful fruits of that pleasure which is the first aim of the novel-reader, and which he too often takes to be the only aim, and to be itself the fruit when in truth it is only the blossom. Each and all of George Eliot's novels abound in reflections that beckon on the alert reader into pleasant paths and fruitful fields of thought. The author gives herself no airs of finality, nor ever assumes that she can tell yoa all that is to be said, or that when she has spoken the matter is at an end; but writeB rather as one beneficently sowing seed, than as an enviouB hinderer and grudger of all reaping but her own. It is a pity that authors do not more generally borrow this self-denying ordinance. There is no diffi culty in finding an illustration from nearly any chapter of any of her books. The first page I come upon in opening a volume of Romola contains a passage which will serve for ex ample. The man who gradually became base by persistently trying to slip away from every thing that was unpleasant, suddenly sees a path opening for him to unthought-of prizes through a threefold piece of deceit. The writer states the circumstances, and Tito's in- ability to resist the infamous temptation, and ends the matter with a couple of sentences: " Our lives make a moral tradition for our in dividual selves, as the life of mankind at large makes a moral tradition for the race; and to have once acted greatly seems a reason why we should always be noble. But Tito was feeling the effect of an opposite tradition: he had won no memories of self-conquest and perfect faithfulness from which he could have a sense of falling." A stupid or lazy reader passes by a pregnant sentence of this sort with a slight persuasion that it is all right. For him it is only written in water. But then, if the authoress had expanded her remark into a disceunse, the stupid reader and the lazy would have been as badly off as they are, because the slovenly impression which comes of reading a great deal about a thing is not worth a pin more than the slovenly impression which comes of reading five lines. Vagueness is vagueness and no more, whether it is big vagueness or little. Nobody who has got into the all-important habit of taking care that his mind works at ideas instead of allowing it to absorb their pale shadows—for absorption only gives you a shadow and not the vigorous reality—can miss the splendid value of this quality of George Eliot's writing. It promotes the active circulation of ideas. It keeps the reader out of those dry ruts which prolonged elaboration of reflection always wears in the path, and which become so monotonous that the traveller ceases to look with any attention at the country through which he is being drawn. To be stopped short by a sentence that requires to be read over more than once is the best thing that can be fall the novel-reader, or for that matter, any other sort of reader either. In Felix Holt, again, one has been listening to the electioneer- ing talk between the pushing man of the world in search of a vote, and the earnest old minister with his high-minded politics. After all, the writer concludes, " what we call illu sions are often in truth a wider vision of past and present realities—a willing movement of a man's soul with the larger sweep of the world's forces—a movement towards a more assured end than the chances of a single life." There are only half-a-dozen lines here, hut one might work them out with edification for half-a-dozen hours. There is in such pas sages as these that quality of' condensation which is of the essence of poetry. We feel that the writer is only removed by a step from the poetic region. And in Romola, when the man who slipped into baseness has fallen at the hand of the man whom he had wronged, who has not been startled out of the excitement of the incident by the last three lines of the chapter ?- " Who shall put his finger on the work of justice and say, ' It is there?' Justice is like the king dom of God-it is not without us as a fact, it is within us as a great yearning." Or when Tito, in his panic at seeing the old Baldassare, could bethink himself of nothing but to charge him with being mad, consider the terse pro fundity of the author's comment:-" He hardly knew how the words had come to his lips. There are moments when our passions speak and decide for us, and we seem to stand by and wonder; they carry in them an inspira tion of crime, that in one instant does the work of long premeditation." All this is the true criticism of life in its most comprehensive sense, .including criticism by the oration of character, by the imaginary play of invented circumstance and assumed motive, by large and jria<^4uj^ '.Stye pictures f^re so ^i^tablj ricly bjre jbfNU their charm to it .Ay mritih jxtoffc iJun fell nil a |nere,ato^,bfc^iie t^ej^| jbjp qpaj into transcendental artifices. Nobody in hor books is made to talk of rapture as a mood of happiness, or as the remedy for failure and the littleness of things. Practical resignation to the harshness and inflexibility of many of those conditions which are the material tnat a man has to make his life out of, aud a sober, not ecstatic, resolution to seize such elements as remain, and force them into the pattern which we hare chosen for ourselves} this is a Btate of feeling and will which seems to count for a great deal more with her than any solace which can come of beatific mystic visions, and discourse of eternal unspeakable aspirations. There ia no chance of her ever preaching to men in words which they cannot profess to comprehend and to act .upon. "In those times, as now," she says of the fifteenth centuiy, " there were human beings who never saw angels or heard perfectly clear messages." And these human beings are scarcely thought too much in the wrong by a person whd goes on to say," Such truth as came to them was brought confusedly in the voices and deeds of men, not at all like the seraphs of unfailing wing and piercing YiBion-men who believed falsities as well as truths, and did the wrong as well as the right. The helping hands strttched out to them were the hands of men who stumbled and often saw dimly, so that these beings, unvisited by angels, had no other choice than to grasp that stumbling guidance along the path of reliance and action, which is the path of life, or else to pause in loneliness and disbelief, which is no path, but the arrest of inaction and death." In no page of her books is there any sympathy with that kind of teach ing which makes big words the healers and guides of men. Some people complain that there is a lack of grandeur and elevation'in this. A placid and even study of men and women as they are, with all their foibles, and stumbling, and shortsightedness, seems to such critics too tame and too little edifying, and needs to be inspired with something more of eager passion and inflaming enthusiasm. That the author can understand this as well as the lover and more commonplace moods of the human mind, her splendid conception of Sa vonarola sufficiently proves. At a lower height than Savonarola-the highest levelon which she commonly works-the single-minded Dinah Morris, the noble Romola, the fine-hearted hero of her last novel, are examples enough of her ability to enter into the best and loftiest parts of human nature. But she does not create beings of Euperhuman nature. Consequently, those who love to find the characters of a novel hoping and thinking and talking etherially, as seraphs may be supposed to do, or as people do in some German novels, are disappointed. The lovers of Werterism-and many of them still survive in one shape or other-find no iota of their favourite creed. The flapping of (he wings of the transcendental angel is not heard in George Eliot's compositions. She can pro* duce a truer effect out of sober elevation of thought than the most brilliant writer of the transcendental stamp out of an artificial eleva tion of language. An author of great and highly polished genius, and whose prolonged enthusiasm for art and letters scarcely meets just new with all the recognition It deserves— Lord Lytton—begins to describe one of his characters by saying, that" there is a certain virtue within us, comprehending out subtlest and noblest emotions, which is poetry while untold, and grdws pale and poor in proportion as we strain it into poems." This is very well, but one is surely only surrounded by in what follows:—"This -mere spiritual sensibility dwelt in Helen, as the latent mesmerism in water; as the invisible faiiy in an enchanted ring. It was an essence or divinity shrined or shrouded in herself, which gave her mors in timate and vital union with all the of the universe; a companion to Iter loneliness, an angel hymning low to her own listening soul. This made her enjoyment of nbtnre in its merest trifles exquisite and profound j this gave to her tendencies of heart all the deilcous and sportive variety love borrows from imagi nation'; this lifted her piety above the mere forms of conventional religion/and into her. prayers the ecstacy of the saints." We have a vague idea what all this means, but it is vogue, and it conveys no sense of reality ; we don't have any clearer or fuller notion about Helen after all has been said. Compare with this a sort of corresponding character as drawn by George Eliot. Romola's " enthusiasm was continually stirred to fresh vigour by the' influence of Savonarola. In spite of the wearisome visions and from which she recoiled in disgust when .they cuxuhbs stale repetitions from other lips than sympathy and the splendour of his aims had lost none of its power. . His special* care for' liberty and purity of government in Florence, with his constant reference of this immediate object to the wider end of"» iim versal regeneration, had created in her * new consciousness of the great drama of human ex istence, in which her life was a part)' and, thrngh her daily helpfal cantact with tke less '-^iijate. of her fejtojr.mti*ena, ^ nair oon lusness became something stroMtfibaoa tague sebtimttit: it1 gt^ibto' and more definite raotife of iself«denyiA ..,H*r «rpg|>ip. SpvonjwJaV greater t han per own .made aJ strength she had found. Ab not lo be lightly fchAeri.itis not I. intellect whioh canswirgadyKyuhionfrorofce7 aberrations of greatness, any njorcthanifcjf «bn fmi amply tilittoi:' die ? fpupd Jjeaelf" Urte6^7s«ti«S3y to. ill ilUwaanoe^ I®> art i the eighteenth century, and from the quaint richness and fancy of the sixteenth. and from the height and freshness of the beginning of the nineteenth. Emphatically realist in her style, yet she is realist in a sense to which not many other novelists or dramatists can lay claim, and in which there are none of those characteristics that have made realism in con temporary fiction only another name for a steady and exclusive devotion to a study of all the meanest or nastiest elements in character and conduct. There is no blinking of the eyes to the part which debts and want of money, and uncontrolled impure desires, and all other sordid or foul circumstances, plav in life: only, on the other hand, these lurking ugly things which pluck back the feet of men and women in the path are not painted from under the microscope, while better things are left in their bare, un- magnified dimensions. Thus, with fine artistic moderation and just completeness, which in, art comes of moderation, she steers clear of the Charybdis of depraved realism, without falling into the Scylla of sentimentalism. She never sets up a character merely for the pur pose of sneering at him, or showing what a bad or mean fellow he is, and how many people there are in the world just as bad and mean. And she never makes her men and women only listening souls to which angels may spend their time in hymning low tunes - which is really a great recommendation in a world where most people have bodies, and are more or less cloudy about souls. Who would not willingly surrender all that has been written about the low tunes, in exchange for Dolly Winthrop's explanation to Silas Marner of the ways of God to man ? One of George Eliot's most characterstic traits is that she excludes the innate villany of the human heart from her theory of things. Except perhaps the man who steals the money and throws the blame on Silas Marner, she gives us,I believe, no other ready-made scoun rel. She does not accept the doctrine that scoundrels are ready-made. The 'troubles which beset men are mostly the fruit of their weakness, and very little the fruit of any in born devilishness. It is because they palter and play the fool with their own conscience, and trust to ' the great god Chance" to find them a way back to virtue and happiness, thatr they fall into sin and misery, and lead others, into the same ill plight. As a rule they don't mean very badly. Arthur Donnithorne allowed himself to slide cautiously down the slope to wards wrong-doing, until passion had got im petus enough to hurry him uncontrollably into the thorny noisome pit at the bottom. Tito, also, was a good fellow enough, only he did not like the things which in themselves are not likeable—labour, sacrifice, pain, hardness. So be avoided them. And then we are made to see how men seldom go down into the pit alone. Their act of weakness is a curse to everybody whose hand is even indirectly linked with theirs. A discord is struck into the life of a Romola, and Adam Bede, which never ceases to vibrate, and a shadow thrown over the future of the innocent which may grow fainter, but never fades away to leave an unstained light. And in her last novel, the presence of an old dead repented weakness hovering darkly over a lift is vivid before us -the ghost of the past rising ghastly to poor Mrs. Transome, like Banquo at Macbeth's feast. Though she extenuates the motives which lead men into mistakes, she 'does not soften their consequences. A curse may be brought down by nothing more hateful than weakness, but it is just as much a curse as if it were the divine retribution for downright ma lignity and blackheartedness. Precisely as the criticism of art discloses the laws and prin ciples of beauty, the criticism of life traces the working of the more momentous laws of cir cumstance and character and conduct. Of thes are there any more vast in their extent, therefore more' important for us to ponder, than that the consequence flows upon, others from the act, though often from the motive upon the actor; that lack of strength is the mamn cause of crime and wrong, and not iack of general^good-will to virtue; that Nemesis attends the weak as eternally and relentlessly as the wicked, and that penitence does not appease her? To be' able to set all this forth, as George Eliot has done, not as thin unilluminated commonplace, but in its largest significance and its visible working, is the gift of a very rare natural temper fertilised by an uncommon culture. From this keen perception of the share which weakness usurps in mortal affairs flows the writer's humour, the quality to which she owes so much of her popularity among who are Gallios in all things crave. The contemplation of weakness may stir up one of two emotions, according to the circumstances in which the weakness is displayed. Weakness ought, always to make us sorry for the weak man, but it may not always make us so sorry for him as to keep us from genial mirth—one of the wholesomest kinds of feeling. Bene ficent pity and genial mirth are two of the same mood, two colours of the same senti ment. It is the kind -of weakness that deter^ mines for the feeling which 'of these two it shall assume. It is the effect of simple weak ness to make one smile, but when pain and misery follow from it then men smile no more. This explains the inseparable connexion be tween humour and pathos. Nobody has one ibadlia^^ riv errors carried hawl consequences j rhaps the lore of 'some sweet maiden, the i£ai!C of purity, order, and calm, had opened ?hnirevcB to the vision of a life m which the A*vb would not seem too long, even without *Tttae* but the maiden was lost, and the vision passed away, and then what was left to them. especially when they had become too 1' Vy for the hunt, or for oarrying a gun over iL farrows, but to drink and get inerry, ^ to drink and get angry, BO that they minlit be independent of variety, and say Zer again, with eager emphasis, the things, they had already said any time that twelve month P" There is a humaneness of spirit in euch writing oe this which throws a reader into the mood that lies midway between laughter and tcarP BDd makeB him ready to incline to one nearly as much aB the other. Kindly irony is the nearest approach which the humoristic temper con make to earnest reprobation, and we never find anything harsher in George Eliot. JSbe would not have invented a sea monster for the sate of inflicting grim and bloody vengeance on the bad Sieur Clubin, as 21\. Victor Hugo does. She scartely adopts the idea that Providence or destiny is always on the watch to seize bad men from without. The pieucre had received no harm from Sieur Clubin, so scarcely had a right to suck his blood, and it is the very gist of true poetio justice that men should not be punished for their sins by artificial devils ex machind. It would have been enough for George Eliot, as it is for Mr. Carlyle when he encounters Sieur Clubin in bistoiy, to leave the pool" wretch to mate as much of his vfllany as he could, and wish almoBt in good humour that he might be the better for it. For she is plainly persuaded that after all " a rogue is only a fool with a circumbendibus." ? 1 Like Mr. Carlyle, too, in this, as in a great many other points, George Eliot perceives that the only course for honest and worthy folk in the tangle which fools, with or without circumbendibuses, contrive to make of the world, is to stick to the work that the hand findeth to do. " What right hast thou to be happy ? First say what right hast thou to be." This is Mr. Carlyle'a way of putting the case, and we hear the voice of Herr TeufelBdrockh and the " Everlasting Yea" when Romola de clares to Lillo, " We can only havethe highest happiness, euch as goes along with being a great man, by having wide thoughts and much feeling for the rest of the world, as well as. for onnelves; and this sort of happiness often brings so much pain with it, that we can only tell it from misery by its being what we would choose before everything else, because our cools see it is good. There are so many things wrong and difficult in the world, that no man can be great-he can hardly keep himself from wickedness- unless he gives up thinking much about pleasures or rewards, and gets strength to endure what is hard or painful. My fatner had the greatness that belongs to integrity; hfe chose poverty and obscurity rather than falsehood. The spirit of Felix Bolt is iden tical with the spirit of this passage; bo iB the Mill oh the Floss. Only in her last book the doctrine is applied by Felix Holt, and Esther his love, in a practical way, which no body can help understanding. Like the old man, Bardo, the young Felix chooses poverty and obscurity rather than a competence wbicn involved habitual insincerity. Esther, too, chooses poverty anil obscurity rather than sacrifice fdr the sake of their opposite* the higher aims of a pure and noble life, bound up as they were with the resolute poverty of the man who had inspired her with them. " My daughter," Savpnarola said," your life is not as a grain of sand to to blown by the winds; it is a thine of flesh and blood that dies if it be sundered." . Esther felt, and the reader is made to see bow she. came to feel it, that wealth is a sony prize to be won by the pun and ruip of eubh a sundering. _ Itjhaa bean this casting away of a Uvelihoo^ is Quixotic and preposterous. People, it^ Is Said, npw-a d&ys;, never dream of doing this sort _ of ^ thing. Yet we taay be quite sure that any individual man of those 'who take this ground, would jbe extremely insulted and angry if you told him that be, personally, was absolutely incapable, except in tiny trifles, of making a sacrifice of money for the sake of a bigh principle. And any individual woman too would be very bitter ifehe were supposedto be absolutely incapable of loving a man so disinterestedly as to be willing to sacrifice a certain quantity of ormolu docks, jmfl fine mirrors, tad Turkey carpets, and silk gowns, for the sake at living with him. But it is-a very common thing, 1 find, in more sutjjects than one, to assume that, though^ in dividually each of us is an extremely high minded and Tirtuous person, in the .gr""'" wa aire never actuated by any but the 1 narrowest, and mpst sordid ,motives. Even granting, bowever. thai Mr. Carlyle is no calumniator when he says that most people are fools, George Eliot might possibly find a sufficient barrier against these anti-Quixotic people in Goethe's saying, that if vou would improve a man, the best plan is to suppose that he is already what you wish to make him. A great deal-mii itheinflnenoe which ^eoige 'Elilrt's books cannot but have in' the greaftnove&qntb;? which* ire Are' the hdf-un<Hro»<uon»witnee«e»\in the spliere of "igwp.-' Tbettini^^wliieh she soattersby f$h'j , ..jWRL.. km that ts, how thoroughly these novels show to people who write, that Btyle is not the result of reading, but of thinking. It is not the assiduous cultivation of a style, as such, but the cultivation of the intellect and feelings, which produces good writing. Style comes of brooding tvet ideas, not over words. It is because Goorge Eliot lets ideas lie, long and ripen in her own mind that their fruitage of expression is so delioate in flavour and so rich and diversified in cblour. 