AUSTRALIAN HOLY CATHOLIC GUILD OF ST. MARY AND ST. JOSEPH. On Sunday last, the 15th April, the solemn Investiture of one hundred Members of the Holy Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph took place in the temporary Cathedral of St. Mary's. Shortly after 3 o'clock the brethern began to assemble in the hall of St. Mary's Seminary where the pre- liminary arrangements for investiture having been made they proceeded to the church in the following order :— Cross bearer, supported by two councillors ; twenty members, two and two ; the members of the Juvenile Guild, two and two, headed by their Cross bearer ; — the new members who were to be invested, two and two, carrying their Guild costume. As the pro- cession moved on the members chanted the litany of the Blessed Virgin and having entered the Cathedral they took up the places assigned to them before the altar. In the absence of the Vicar- General the Ven. Archdeacon M'Encroe performed the ceremony of investiture assisted by the Rev. Michael J. Dwyer O.S.B. Chaplain of the Holy Guild. The Venerable Archdeacons having read that beautiful Hymn of the Holy Ghost "Come Holy Ghost sent forth those beams which sweetly flow in silent streams from thy bright throne above &c.;," ad- dressed the brethren in feeling and paternal language of which the following is but the merest outline —beloved brethren of the Holy Guild— It gives me great pleasure to attend here to day to invest those new members of your ex- cellent confraternity, your society having neariy attained its majority, being established in June 1845, when I was appointed its first chaplain from which you will infer how gratified I am at the scene before me to-day. Great are the changes which have taken place since that time, and during that long period it is consoling to think that your society has not only withstood the vicissitudes of change but has prospered almost beyond the expectations of its friends — I rejoice indeed in the prosperity and usefulness of the Guild and believe that of the various societies established it is best calculated to meet the wants of the working classes— uniting the spiritual and tem- poral interests of the members, and giving that material guarantee without which none of those societies can last. When in Melbourne I made inquiry relative to their lay societies — they have two such societies there, and they partake somewhat of the character of your Guild, but without its stability. I recommended to the spiritual director the advantages the Guild possessed over any new society they might establish, and he promised to consider the sub- ject and requested me to forward to him a copy of your rules. I need not dilate on the advan- tages to you of becoming members of the Holy Guild, your appearing here to-day assures me you appreciate them. The progress of the Holy Catholic Guild of St. Mary and St. Joseph must ever be looked upon by every Christian man with devout thankfulness. Its compre- hensive schemes of usefulness are constituted not only for the temporal benefit and intellectual advancement of its members but designed also for their religious .improvement and progress in those virtues which adorn the Christian. It is consoling then to see so many young men placing themselves under the banner of the Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph, who by observing the rules of the Holy Guild will not only become better Catholics but better citizens, and have the happiness of saving their souls. The beautiful medals* which lately arrived were then blessed, and all the old members who knelt along the rails of the sanctuary received one each from the hands of the Venerable Arch- deacon. The members of the Juvenile Guild were the next to receive their's which is of a different metal from the old members' medal. The candidates were then admitted inside the sanctuary and knelt on the steps of the Altar, the form of admission was then read by the Archdeacon, and repeated aloud by all the new members, after which he invested each one with tHe collar and shield of the Holy Guild. Three Paters and Aves were then said for the new members. The Chaplain, Rev. M. J. Dwyer, then said in the name of the Archbishop : I declare this new shield to be the Badge of the Holy Guild, the former one will no longer be recog- nised, and each member is requested to provide himself with one as soon as possible. The ceremony was concluded by the Archdeacon bestowing his blessing on the assembled brethren. The members then left the church in the same order as they had entered it, singing Faber's beautiful hymn "Faith of our Fathers." 