FISH AS FOOD. The breeding of fish leads to their being eaten, and the following interesting particulars, which are taken from a late number of the Edinburgh Courant on the subject will, no doubt, be interesting to many: The great importance of fish as an article of food may be clearly shown by a comparison of the total supply of fish and beef to London in the course of a single year. Neither in the case of fish nor of beef is it possible to give accurate statistics ; but it has been roughly estimated that London consumes 300,000 fat cattle annually, which, at an average weight of six cwt. each, would amount to 90,000 tons of beef. At this moment there are between 800 and 900 trawl vessels engaged in supplying the London market with fish, and assuming the average annual take for each to be ninety tons, this would give a total of some 80,000 tons of trawled fish; this, irrespective of the vast quantities of herring, sprats, shell-fish, and of other descriptions of fish which are supplied by other modes of fishing. The weight of beef and of fish annually consumed in London is thus in no great disproportion. But the price is very different. The fisherman receives, on an average, little over £7 a ton for his fish, prime and offal altogether-the farmer is readily paid for his beef not less than £60 a ton. But this disparity of price becomes the more remarkable when tested by the practical experience not of the producer, but the consumer. The buyer of fish in the West-End of London finds that, on the average, his fish costs him more per pound than his beef or mutton and when inquiry is made, the salesman at Billingsgate readily admits that the retail dealer gets an enormous profit on the small quantity of fish he disposes of. It might be thought that the competition of trade would rectify any demand for excessive profit ; but in this case it does not seem to have that effect. While the fishermen receive 3d. to 4d. a pound at Billingsgate for prime fish, the buyer is charged Is., Is. 3d., and 4s. 6d. a pound by the retailer. Some check might probably be put upon this extravagant rate of profit by a daily return inser- ted in the newspapers, and signed by the clerk of the market, of the wholesale prices of the various kinds of fish sold in Billingsgate. The evidence we have taken, coupled with the increasing scarcity and high prices of butchers' meat, leaves no doubt in our minds that a great field for profitable enterprise is open for the application of increased capital and skill to the sea fisheries of the United Kingdom. Within the last two years a single London company have increased their fishing fleet by tensailingand two steam vessels, and are now building two more steamers. The same course is being followed by others and though, by such means, the supply of fish to Billingsgate is constantly increasing, it fails to keep pace with the demand. The well-known fishing grounds in the North Sea are even yet only partially fished. The Dogger Bank, which has an area of several hundred square miles, and is most prolific of fish, is to a great extent, -un worked by the trawlers, and new grounds are still being discovered where fish are found in great abundance. Between England and the Continent the average depth of the German Ocean is ninety feet. One-fifth of it is occupied by banks, which are always being added to by the muddy deposits of the rivers of both countries. In extent they are equal to the superficial area of Ireland. To these banks the animals of the ocean chiefly resort, and this great and prolific field is free to the industry of all. The produce of the sea around our coasts bears a far higher proportion to that of the land than is generally imagined. The most frequent fishing grounds are much more prolific of food than the same extent of the richest land. Once in the year an acre of good land, carefully tilled, produces a ton of corn, or two or three cwt. of meat or cheese. The same area at the bottom of the sea, on the best fishing grounds, yields a greater weight of food to the persevering fishermen every week of the year. Five vessels belonging to the same owner, in a single night's fishing, brought in seventeen tons weight of fish an amount of wholesome food equal in weight to that of fifty cattle or 300 sheep. The ground which these vessels covered during the night's fishing could not have exceeded an area of fifty acres. When we consider the amount of care that has been bestowed on the improvement of agriculture, the national societies which are established for promoting it, and the scientific know- i ledge and engineering skill which have been enlisted in its aid, it seems strange that the sea fishers have hitherto attracted so little of the public attention. There are few means of enterprise that present better chances of profit than our sea fisheries, and no object of greater utility could be named than the development of enterprise, skill, and mechanical ingenuity, which might be elicited by the periodical exhibition and publications of an influential society specially devoted to the British fisheries. LETTER posted yesterday insufficiently stamped. -Miss F.B.. Harrison, Bawsora, Jericho. A MUBBERBB'S LAST CHANCE. Some persons may remember that in December, 1863, the cashier of the bank at Malden, Massachusetts, left the establishment for a short time in the middle of the day in charge of his son, Frank Converse, a young man of seventeen, and on returning found the youth shot dead, and the bank robbed of about 5000 dollars. After some time suspicion fell upon Green, the postmaster of the town, and on being arrested be at once confessed his guilt. He was arraigned before the Supreme Judicial Court at Lowell, charged with murder, on an indictment in common form, which implies murder in the first degree, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to death. He was to have been hanged in January, 1865, but a novel difficulty arose. Governor Andrews refused to sign the warrant for the execution, on the ground that, by the law of Massachusetts, murder in the second degree is not punishable with death, and the statute enacts that the degree of murder shall be found by the jury. True, the prisoner pleaded guilty to a charge of murder in the first degree ; but the Governor declined to execute a man upon his own opinion of the crime which he had committed. Under a clause in the Constitution, the Governor and Council demanded the opinion of the full Court. Their opinion was, that the sentence was regular ; but Governor Andrews stood stoutly by his own opinion, and the result was that the convict lay in gaol waiting for execution. His time has at length come ; Governor Andrews' term of office having expired, Governor Bullock has been elected his successor, and one of his first acts was to fix the 13th of April for the execution. The ex-governor, however, still holding to his opinion, assisted the prisoner to obtain a writ of error, which was argued before the full bench of the Supreme Court, in Boston on the 27th of March. The judgment of the Court, delivered by Chief Justice Bigelow on the 2nd of April, was, that the statute did not intend that the degree of murder should be found by a jury where the prisoner pleads guilty, and that this prisoner was well convicted on his own pica I and confession. So this singular chance failed. THE BIRTHPLACE or WALLHNSTEIX A BATTLE- FIELD-The Pall Mall Gazette says There is something very weird and ghost-like about re- miniscences of names and places, not only of the event, but also of the Thirty Years' War memory, that come cropping upon all sides in this terrible German struggle. Few people probably are aware that Nachod, the little Bohemian town with its 3000 inhabitants, about which there was such hot and bloody work for the last few days and even nights, is the birthplace of no less a man than Wallenstein. The church belonging to the deanery of Nachod-which existed as early as 1884 contains the tombs of the ancient Bohemian family of Smirziczski, from which Wallenstein's mother derived her descent, or rather of which she represented the last branch. The castle of the Wallenstein's, " Castle Nachod," is very ancient, and belonged up to the time of the Hussites, to the family of the Barkas of Dura and Lipa. After that, robber-knights took possession of it, and after several further changes of proprietorship the Smirziczki came into it. After the battle of the White Mountain (1620) Count Tcrzki, Wallenstein's brother - in - law, appears as lord of the castle, but after the murder of Wal- Bernstein at Eger (February 25th, 1694) Octavio Piccolomini received the property as a reward for his dastardly treachery. He gave the castle its present shape, and commemorated that wonderful fact in a boastful inscription inside the gates. It stands on a rock which arises steeply almost immediately behind the market-place of the little town, and which is reached by a flight consisting of 333 steps. Three courts surrounded the enormous edifice, and around about them are situated the houses of the retinue, the stables, and other out-buildings. The Piccolomini have long died out-only their portraits have survived. Particularly, striking is that of Octavio, with which there is also found a battle piece commemorating his victory over the French at Thionville. The castle now belongs to Prince Auerspsrg of Prague. 