THEATRICAL CLIPPINGS, Miss Emma Stanley has been giving hci entertainments,44 The Seven Ages of Woman” an d 44 All Round the World,” at the Manchester Athenaeum, with great success, beiug nightly rewarded with crowded houses. Mr CJjas Dillon is pursuing his career through the United States of America. The latest news is that he has played engagements, with more or Ices success in Bostou, Albany and Troy (Ohio). The Atnericau papers aro of course, extatic in his praise. Mr end Mrs C'arcnce Holt bare been starring at Newcustie-on-Tyne, in the sensation dramas of 44 Tho Mariaer's Compass,” 4‘ The Octoroon,” 44 Civilisation,” Ambition,’, and 44 Belphegor,” with great success. They intend shortly to take a tour through Scotland, and all then return to London, Mr Farquh&rson;, after a pleasant passage in the Giant’s Causeway from Geelong, arrived io England in February last, and announces hi* return to Eugl&Qd;, after his tour through Victoria.Tasmania, Ceylon, and the East Indies. He was shortly to nppear at the Monday eveniug concerts, at St James’s Hall, Piccadilly. Mr George Fawcett, or Mr George Fawcett Rowe, has at last found his way to New York. He made hi* first appearance in that city on the 19th of March last, at the Olympic Theatre, as Sir Charles Coldstream, in tbe comedy of 4,Uied up/4 and afterwards as Clorinda, iu the burlesque of “ Cinderella,” In the latter character, according to the local journals, hemadr a “ palpable bit.” Mr, Mrs, and Little Johnny Gourlay, who are under engagement to Mr George Coppin shortly to appear in Australia, have been continuing their farewell tour through Scotland, During March thej appeared at the Trades Hall, Arbroath. On the evenings of the 8th. 9th, and 10th March the above hall was crowded io the doors,every one more eager tlmn his neighbor to be presented at Mis M4Gregor's levee. Mr Gonrlny, a thorough Scotch Comedian, ably . assisted by „ their son, little Johnny (a regular chip), kept ere/ up the interest of the above sketch, and per sonated the whole of the Scottish curiosities therein, bringing dowu immense applause, Ou account of bo many not beiug able to get admittance on Saturday, the 10th, the entertainment was given on Monday evening to a crowded house, little Johnny’s sioging and dancing being much admired. Mr If. Youuge. during March last, was still gaining laurels at the Olympic, London, for liis endid burlteque-nieio-dMmatlc acting in the extravagftnza “Princeis Primrose and the Four Pretty Princes.” A new burlesque is being written for this theatre, in which, it is slated, that Messrs Bert and Bellingham will take especial care that our old favourite Ims » part specially to display his peculiar abilities, Mrs G. V. Brooke (Mies Avonia J-mes) is still fulfilling her engagement at the New Surrey TbeHtre. She has been sustaining nightly with undoubtod success the dual character of LAdy Isabel and Madame Vine in John Oxenford's drama of “East Lynne,” ' which was shortly to be withdrawn in favor of a new drama specially written for Mrs Brooke, by Watts Phillips, to bo entitled “ Theodora—Actress and EmpreB*.” Mr Sefton Parry is still the enterprising proprietor of the New Greenwich Theatre, and such has been his success as Robert Brierly, in the 44Ticket*of- Leave Man,” that, in conjunction with Mr C. H , Cheltenham, he has written a new drama (to be a continuation of Mr Tom Taylor’s) entit'ed “ The Ticket- ohLe&ve; Man’s Wife,” Mr Sefton Parry himself sustaining the principal part. Professor Anderson—This renowned conjurer is making the 4<grand tour” of Wales, and has appeared in Cardiff for a few nights, creating no small sensation at the T iwn-hall; but finding its accommodation insufficient, he has with his gifted children taken the Stuart Hall, where the wonderful performances of himself and family create the greatest astonishment, and are spoken of as the most marvellous things ever seen in this localiiy. Mr Dominick Murray Iiob lately had a still further opportunity of extending his range of clnracters. Mr Charles Reade’s drama,44 It is Never too Late t i Mend,” after an uninterrupted run of 140 consecutive nights at the Princess Theatre, London (Mr M urray appearing in it every night), has been with* drawn. Dion Boucicault’s sensational dram a. “ T he Streets of London” has been reproduced, preceded nightly by the farce 44A Ghost in Spite of Himself,” in both of which Mr Murray appears; M r Henry ,Neit Warner seems to have rivalled our own world-renowned tragedian in bombast, sb the following paragraph from a home paper will testify, but Mr W arner met his ju st deserts :—“ Theatre Roys'1, Bolton— On Monday (5th March), Mr 11. N. W arner, announced a s the greatest tragedian living, appeared for asix nights’ stnrring eujza^em ent.but he failed to pull in audiences, having far from reached the auiicipntione of the public after the terrible announcement, On Mondaylhe appeared as Othello; Tuesday, Macbeth ; Wednesday, Claude Melnotte ; Thursday, Hamlet ; and Friday, tbe Stranger alfo S ir Charles Co'dstream.” 