. MISCELLANEOUS. ;,;,v, A French paper states that afs Mlian collector, returniig from .Egypt. has brought back the, statue , f noqss a personage than Potiphar's wife. .,p in scription on the base leaves no dpult as to its authenticity. The features, are said to be exceedinglyugly. ., ," A. tremendous tornado, has' .pised over the neighbourhood of Greytowvn aqd the Mosquito Coast. Plantatons hLave' been swept away, and on "the night of the 18th October an entire family of thirtee?spuls, living at Pearl Cay, were swept away, and lost. There have been several shipping disasters. A Icssuoi TEAcirsR.-Tha otherydn. Mf. Wnaleyef head of the, educational department, held, an eraniination?,in a Warsaw grammar-school. , Amonglother historical questions, he asked,. a.oy. "Were the Romans a quiet.people P" "They were "warlike," said the,,,eild; "and revolutionary," added theodigni tary. "They offended their,, Caesars, as the Poles are offending their. Czars,,and that is the reason why they havej disap peared from the.faceof thecarthli.' SeaRous Asb SynisdE dACCIDCrT.-,r-ri E. C. Howard, of the firm of Devan tand Co., coach kproprietors- met withj,, very serious accident on, Tuesday list.,;,.;rom what we can learn he was ingagedc 'draft. ing horses out of the race-course paddock, WVangaratta., Some of the horses,.made their escape. When riding. aftrirthom trying to turs them, the b.horse ,on w.hich he rode stumbled, aid bIg, Howardwas suddenly thrown on the horse's eck, when he recovered his seat on.thesaddle, lie found his leIg broken, he.supposes from the offects'of a sudden jerk -or ts~lst in thb'stirrup'. "Ho is, quite certain that his leg' did not come in contact' with astump or any other ,objoct.' ". He,: icmiately juniped off', ad' sorambl d.toa ~col, shady spot undei a tree, to ascertain"the nature of the accident. He ;discoverediiinox. amination,' that he hid sustainedda -:vory remarkable injury, namely, dislocation of the left ankle, with protusion.of, a large bone of the left leg to.about" thieo inches above the ankle, on o outsido,.of-.the-leg. 'Under: the influenhc ofhoidroform, the limb was set' by.'Dr. 'Dobbyaz and M'MUllin.. Thero is strodh hope ,of sav. ing the leg, though htafirst ears . o lvren tertalned of amppuation being necessary. Although Mrr, 'Hopard, is. .quite., certain that his leg struikl no objecti. ,still:, some of his friends entertain, thao opinion?that he must have 'don so to h'ae causedsaeh a serious, iijury . f'Mr.- Howard,',fflors itenso pain, and receives.oeory sympathy from a largo cirdle of frioeds.'- . and; a f. Adverstiser. , . -·: t M Moc. D:ris -s,--I, must ladd:.two, or three short.anecdotes, About: giosts;, got. up ini the devil. manner. ;,Theyare -not now, but illustrate. very handsomselv.the state of mind, in which a ghost should- be met. One is, that somebody t~undrteok to scale Cuvier, the great naturalist, with a ghost having.an oxz's head.,iOCarvier woke, , and,,found the > fearful.! thing glaring and , grinning, at- his: bed-side. " What,'do'.you want P' ,",To -devour you,'" growled .the; ghost. : "To devour me P':, .quoth ..the , great-.;;Frenchman H' Hoofs, --horns,- graminivorous l..iYou can't do it,", clear out -l', -And heo- did clear out.., A pious maiden- lady, in'one of our.New England'villages,;was known to posscss,three peculiarities.:, .First,- she was a very religious, honest, matter'of fact woman... Second,;. she;!1suppD6ed everybody else was equally honest; hence she was very credulous. -always believing everything she heard., And, third, hiving a conscience void of offence,, shlie, awno reason to be afraid of anything; conse quently, she -feared nothing. On-a darrk night, some boys knowing that-sheowotld .bereturingi hoimealone from prayer meet. ing,through anunfrequented street, deter mined to .test; two of. her,. peculiarities, namely, her .credulity anud-her courage. One of- the boys was sewcd:up i ia'hue shaggy bear skin, and, as the. old ladt a foeet .were heard pattering -down-, ihe street, he threw, himself diroetlyin lier path and commenced making, a terrible noice. " Mercy I". oxslaimed, thle,.old lady, "'who are youP ", , amn the deivill" was the reply. ,, Well,:,you aro.a-:pobr creaturel I,. : responded ,, the. antiquated virgin, as she stepped aside and passed- by the strange animal,, probably stnotfor a moment doubting it was his Satani 'Ma jesty, but certainlynot.dreamingof being afraid of him. It is said; that:s'Yankbe tin pedlar, who, had frequently cheatbd most of the people in the vicinity of a New Enghland village,'through which he was passing,,was induced by some of the acute ones to join him in a drinking bout. He. finally, became stone drunk, and in that condition those wags carried him to a dark rocky 'dcave near the village; then, dressing themselves in a -raw-hesidand. bloody-bones style, awaited his return to consciousposs, As, :he began- rousing himself, they lighted some huge torches, and also set fire to some bundles of straw 'and three or four rolls of brimstone, which they. had placed in different.parts of.thoe 'vern, The pedlar rubbed his eyes,, and sccing and smelling all these evidences'of Pandemonium, concluded he had died, and was now partaking of his final doomns. But lihe took it very philoso plhieally, for lie oomnpha-ently remarked to himnslf--" In hell-just as n espeetedl" A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a.virago of a wife, whi mnot one of .these artificial devils in a lonely place. As the ghost obstrneted his path, the fellow .remarked-" If you are nsot the devil, get outl If you are, conic laong with me siid get supper. I married your sister I"--2%e .unthul? s itf te "ld World; by P, T. Barnum, 