our charitable institu tions. | To the Editor of the Ovens and Murray Adv.riiser. Sin, — Since i, about six months ago, first addressed, yon on this subject, seve ral plans have been pronosed to relieve these institutions from their pecuniary difficulties : some seeming verv feasible in iheory. but i am afraid they will be found rather impracticable. The special rate which you and others have pro posed lor charitable institutions, i think will be very unpopular, ai least more so than if the same amount were paid ont of the general funds of the different councils of the district. a special rate would involve a great deal more expense, trouble, and annoyance, than if the councils simply paid their snare as if il was towards a bridge or other public convenience. Aggainst both plans it lias been urged that there would still remain a large number who would not be called upon to contribute, viz., servants an 1 fo:ne Government officers. i think still another way of raising funds may be found to supersede the expensive system now in vogue, which must recommend itself to those gentlemen who cling so lovingly to the voluntary system, and i will make free to propose it. Let tho \- Committee of the Institutions in Beech worth appoint a Joint Committee whose business it should be to divide the dis trict into sections or divisions of conva- dient extent, the residents of which should be called upon to appoint local Honorary Committees of three or five whoso duty it should be to collect sub- scriptions every three or six months and remit the funds raised to the Beechworth Committees, according to a scale first agreed upon. In this case not a single individual need escape, as the members of the Local Conruidee would know every one within their sphere of action, and the collection at shorter intervals would. i think, produce more than the present annual collections. If there still should be a deficiency, then the local Councils could be called upon to make up the balance in the way i formerly propose 1. If in course of time any part of the district should obtain Institutions of their own, the parts benefited by tins? would, of course, sooele from the oilier parls of the district. To show the great injustice of the present system, lot me point out liow the willing horse may be ridden to death, while others may take good care of thcmselvc-s. Let us take a resident of Beechworth and another of a neighbouring borough, which it is not necessary to name. During a twelve month tiie Tadmorite may pay his annual subscription ; ho may pay another sub scription through h'.s Council contribut ing : ho may give his time as an amateur performer, or his money to witness the performance, or both : he may give his time or money, or both, towards getting up a bazaar or such like ; and lastly, he mav be called upon to serve on one or both Committees. The resident- oi the other borough knows well the time of the Collector's annual call, and may choose the day for a picnic, and afterwards ap pear sorry that ho missed him ; his Council will, of course, not contribute before the Hospital or Asylum be shifted to their locality ; and for the same reason other contrivances for raising money for charitable purposes are not popular, and consequently the resident of this il- treated borough may criticise the _ con duct of the management, free, gratis, for nothing. Ynnrs resv>ectnuiy , AVALDEMAR BANNOAY. Buckland, Noy. 29,1866. miF-HE, fiATHEI>- IN QUEENSLAND.— -lie following miserable picture of the condition of the portion of Queensland to which it relates is supplied to the Dalby Herald by a correspondent, writing from Sural " What in the world the Balonne and the surrounding district is coming to is at present a ! mystery, much doubt being expressed that we shall any of ns be alive next: year. The so much wished for rain is 1 like the grapes ware to the fox, rather sour. For the last week, we have been tantalised by observing large volumes of rain clouds passing over us, and with something like an . approach to a thunderstorm ; but, alas ! only to dis appear to visit some more favored spot. ; On Sunday afternoon, it blew almost a ; hurricane, and the rain came down for about an hour. Since then, we have had nothing but scorching hot weather, and high winds during the night. The thermometer, last week, averaged 104 in the shade j so i leave you to guess what it was outside. . . . Horses are in a most miserable condition : in fact, you would look at tliem, and imagine tbev were the ghosts of Rozinante. Those who ride them are almost liable under Martin's Act. a very little more of this weather, and you need not expect any communications from this district, for we shall not be aole to send it down for want of horses. As for beef or mutton, we have long since ceased to think of a good piece of meat, but now content ourselves with carrion, or a very near approach to it. Unluckily, we are not in the position the French are to fall back on horse flesh for food. We have a few goats browsing on air, and when the abigail sallies forth to milk them, too often finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for a few days' food fur us. Even the river is beginning to tell its dire tale of want of rain — the water is stinking, and now is so low near the township . that yon may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Talavera station is about to be abandoned f>)r want of water. Already sume of the sheen have left — some say for Cliftuii, others for Melbourne, but ! am not able to say : which is correct, for 1 douG think the manager knows himself." ar.tu rations of tempku atup.e. the Deniliquht Chronicle, of the 17th instant says : — On the 1st tho maximum heat in the outside shade at Deniliquin was 105 degrees. On Tuesday last it was 59 degrees. The diii'erence of temperature between last Tuesday and Tuesday week was about 58 degrees. Oases of diarrhoea, especially among c'm'dran, have become somewhat numerous, and these are at tributed mainly to these sadden and great changes. " a Nice Party of Police. — The Boo- ligal police arrested three men on a charge of forgery, at Walkuithery, and having leg-ironed commenced to drink wilh them, and kept it up until the third morning, when thoy liberated them and let them go about their business. a s -Tgeaut from Hay shortly aider came up, and having learned the particulars, started with the two police in pursuit-, with the hope of re -capture. They fell in with the parries in a "bend of the river, where they were feeding their horses, and seeing the police, the men mounted and galloped away. The two police were brought up at the police- office, Booligal. before Captain Brown. Several witnesses were examined, but two not attending to the summons, war rants were issued against them to insure their attendance, and the case was ad- ionrned. — lhtss Courier. 