LITERATURE ft ART. Another Colonial Novell We invariably take up ail Australian novel for review 'with mingled feelings of hope and fear. Without venturing to consider such productions as panacea: for all the ills to which onr state of society is the heir at present, we nevertheless expect that a few really good novels, written in our midst and depicting the phases of our daily life, or perpetuating th6 scenes incidental to our early history, would do very much to benefit Australia generally. To say nothing of the good to be derived among ourselves from seeing our vices castigated and is taken he has likewise illustrated a good deal of the natural history of South Australia, in conjunction with Henry Adams, one of the well-known brothers of that name; and he is now, we believe, engaged with one of the most eminent German conchologists (Pfeiffer) in studying our land and freshwater shells, especially those derived from the recent ex pedition by land and sea to North Australia. Under these circumstances, it is impossible to get a list of South Australian molluBca from a more reliable source ; and when one sees the number of works cited the labour and study here comprised in a few pages are something prodigious. At first sight it would seem that the result is not very important. To give a list of all the shells already described by other authors would be, it is true, of small value if nothing else were included in it. But this is the least part of the eerrice Mr. Angas renders. He settles the habitat and distribution of species about which little more than the names were already known, and he brings his observations thus within reach of geological students, who may learn by comparison the value of fossil evidence, and speculate upon the changes which it indicates. It is certain that our tertiary beds can never be properly studied until we have a good sound knowledge of our recent fauna; and it is equally certain that no specu lations upon geological changes can be fully relied upon until the work which Mr. Angas has begun here bae teen fully carried oat for the whole continent. Again, the final settle ment of the geographical range of every species is a matter of great importance, and it is surprising how deeply this want is felt^in the study of the works of earlier naturalists. Half the species described by Lamarck have no habitatt given at all, and for the other half it is nther sad to think how many are wrong. As an instance, it maybementioned that untO recently a considerable number of West Indian shells used to fa jfte&ribed; ftslielong ing to the British fauna, and it would not be difficult to point out in Lamarck, Dehayee, and Wood's works species of Australian shells wjbich are described as coming from AfnVn., liinth America, and even Europe. (?lis list comprises 231 species of univalves. On looking over it one is certainly apt to complain of the new names of genera one meet at every page. In one respect the com plaint would appear to be well-grounded, but in another a question is' opened upof consider able importance, which must, in the interact of Australian science, be referred to hers. Both Henry and Arthur Adams have long been found fault with for eternally subdiyidingthe genera of mollusca, so that the old divisions are almost completely done amy with, though it is Admitted (hat in the eariy dayis of concbotogy, when classification was In 'a rudimentary state, the few genera which each writes as Wood, Brown, &c.;, admittedreqftred BtiMivxnon. Yet modern naturalist$, suph as, Gtay, Bafinesque, and Adamw havecarriedfche thmg to extremes. Ho onpt ioi imUau^t wgnld Hj^.jgo !»£!» jfci of;Wopt^wj» pqt inl goet genus, (Bucoiniim) Te»etr», Par puifo qriumt^UaiCa<Bis,yawin, ffwrpa, Dotidm, PjWd* and iftirbinelkj end ih anofeer (Tufto)&>akria,Helis (I), Pdpa,TurritiHsi (H) j arij*tWiHii 6 gnat manj object to edb* j didUlM ^hich matotHrty genera at least for w Trochtu, &d; seventeen for i CMpvw^ailr.AnfiiS, p Mil* 'iHtnr saaeluiWiti. mmI esneeUlW The same objection applies to M. Pfeiffer's classification by the operculum alone, a system whicli unluckily has been adopted into the i genus which leastof all could bear any confusion of generic names-the Helices, which number over 2,000 species. Take again the objection that such divisions are founded upon characters which are not permanent. Thia was especially felt in Lamarck's separation of the genus Monodonta from Trochus. Lamarck thought that a genus was required between Turbo and Trochus for Bhells with a rounded aperture, and a columella so truncated at its base as to form a sort of tooth. Yet many naturalists found this division quite an arbitrary one, and L. Reeve rejects it altogether. The fact is, that almost every gradation of this peculiarity is noticed amongst both the Turbo and Trochus genera, and on that character alone it is impossible to form a genus. These are some of the objections brought against the subdivisions of later naturalists, and no doubt they have great force where they apply. But it certainly seems that they do not meet the real question at issue. There is undoubtedly another side to the dispute, to which it is worth our while to give some attention, because a really important point to Australian natural history is involved in it. If it be true that the minor subdivisions are founded upon slight peculiarities, it is no less true that very large genera will offer every gradation of the features which are most relied upon. In 6uch groups as Reeve's genus, Trochus, which embodies Monodonta, or Turbo, which ought in rigour to include a good many which Rieve separates, one finds many varieties of form which touch upon other genera very closely. Thus in distributing the Monodonta genus, Reeve was obliged to place some among the Trochidee, and tJthera among the Turbinida?. But in reality Mono* donta was as good a genus as Turbo or Trochus in Reeve's sense. It is true that in some cases the tooth was merely a truncation of the columella, in others a true tubercle, and in others again a series of them. The diffi culty could only be met by subdivision, and it is found that if made on good and permanent characters that it becomes not only natural but geographical. Who, that understands the matter, can doubt that Lizyhinus is a natural division, or that Clanculus is another, yet the position of the latter was ve\y questionable be tween Trochus and Turbo P Who does not see the propriety of such genera as Eleuchus Risella, Thalotia, or Trivia? Woodward, how ever, would scarcely admit one of them as subgenera. It may be said that there are inter mediate forms even in these cases. Yery well, then let them be separated if truly inter mediate, and remember that by doing so you give increased facilities for a scientific study of the matter. For, as just observed, the proper division is not only a natural but in most cases a geograghical division. The study of natural history in any peculiar province always shows a nnmber of allied forms, which seem all to be modelled upon one aberrant type. Thalotia and Eleuchus are instances. That they ace Trochidae, no one can doubt; but that they are extraordinary and annual forms is equally" evident. Supjposing a genus to b^ erected upon a veiy few specimens, sucn as the,' case was for Mr. Humphrey in making the subdivision Eleuchus. It was an aberrant form, undoubtedly, but hardly worth a genus, it would seem, when only one or two specimens were found. Bat more were found, and when the family came to be somewhat considerable it was found to be really a natural group, and one confined to the Australasian seas. So again of Thalotia.. This form of Trochus is only known in Australia, as &r; we are aware. So , again of Bisella,&4ruly natural genus,and: quite Australian. So from all these reasons we dtaw the conclusion that subdivisions, each as those of Mr. Adams, are for the most part desirable and advisable. Bat one important exception must be made. Wherever the di vision is arbitrary, 'or founded on trifling feature^ ib should not be adopted. But who is to be the judge ? The question is a difficult one. One is inclined to. think it would be better to adopt the divisions of some standard work, which is universal!: . « . *»»L from which nose need depart. The Mcumql of .ChenuiB nbout the best, the cheapest, and the mostrcomplete, and it appears to Save been followed in most instances by Mr. Angas ih the list under consideration. In some respects be departo ftom it, that is toeay, he gives as genera what Ohenu prefers toiegard assub genera; and this is a matter of regret, because, as thejriintlsi&iUy; bf very trifling importance, it would ^better, forthe sake of to take and adopt CfcsnuV toodt in its integrity And.here, wtile uppii ^he.stt^ject,would pounstf cJl %hl> pbp»to fflfl^ oor JUs kalianfaunatopossess themselves ofGbenu's Volumes. At a^-coat of about £2 they will have the best guide to Australian oonchology. The, work* beautifully ill mtratrd jjfeoftt 9,000 figures, is entitled Mawul de Qo»* cfry^ffi^^ aad is published by TSc5toif, ! There is, however, one portion oi Wig# 1, JL' > J&, * ^ \ J r' S by any name. His work was only a small pamphlet entitled," Museum Calonnianum" Specifications of the Yarious Articles which compose the Magnificent Museum of Natural Histoty collected by M. de Calonne in France. Anonymous. London, May 1,1797." As a purely conchologieal system, it was the most valuable work ever published up to those days, and was, moreover, from the sudden lift it gave to the science of classification, a wonder ful monument to the genius of its author. But it was not complete. Doubtless, natural ists of that day understood it, but we may well question whether we do so now. In any case, it would not be fair to disturb Lamarck's received divisions on such questionable grounds for we do not see where the thing is to end. To be consistent, if Phasianella is to give way to Eutropia, then Columbella must yield to Pygmoea, Purpura to Haustrum, Cerithium to Gava, Marginella to Dactylus-for all these names were given previous to Lamarck in Humphrey's list. But the fact is, science cannot etand these changes. Thanks to its comparative unimportance, the science of conchology is less burdened with synonyms than any other branch of natural history, and in order that it may remain so, we must object to have it played tricks with by Humphrey's ghost. He may not as yet have received all the credit which is due to him, but we cannot afford to give him the genera of Lamarck. The length of this article prevents us enter ing more in detail upon Mr. Angas's list, but we hope to dispose of that 'portiou_ ofjthe subject in a future number. J. E: T. w. 