THE BLACK MAN: A LEGEND OF BAYSWATER. CIIAPTEI I. MY husband and I wore married at the cathedral in Calcutta, in the month of May. Not long after his hoalth became delicate and he was compelled to apply for leave of absence, so that the following February found us in our native country. George laughingly said that 1' was much obliged to his liver for giving him the opportunity of exhibiting his newly-wedded wife before his friends and relatives in the pride of her youth. But I did not sit down to write about myself, nor indeed about George either, although if I once begin to speak about him I can't leave off, he is such a dear good follow. My sisters had the im pudenco to call him plain; but they don't understand the expression that lights up his face when lie is animated. But enough of this. I took up nmy pen to toll you a story -a rather curious affair that happened when I was staying in London. We wore on a visit to my nmatornal uncle, Sir Peter Pock over, the great railway director, who lives at No. 9, Turtle Gardens, Gormandy-oquaro that is to say, I was on a visit there, for George very soon got tired of the long, wearisome dinner- parties, and indeed I am sure they were very bad for his darling stomach ; so lie wont twenty miles into the country to see an old schoolfellow, a clergy man, who has some oxcellont'fishing, and loft poor me all alone with his grand rela tions. I did not like it much, for Sir Poter is very stiff and pompous; Lady Peclcover over so kind, but very fond of keooping overybody in order; and as for Julia, with whom George was so anxious that I should' cultivate an intimncy-well, we have not an idea in common, except on the subject of Venetian point Ince, which we both adore. One reason why I don't like Julia is that she has such a dreadfully bad opinion of her follow-creatures. Site thinlks deception is the rule and sincerity the exception, and refuses to believe anything except on what she calls the evidence of her senses. This, however, does not prevent her believing in spirit-rapping. I will give you an instance of her incredulity; it appears trifling, but it leads naturally up to the story I wish to toll. One day Julia and I had boon to the London Crystal Palace to buy some useless little ornament or other, and weor returning on foot. Just as we entered Gormandy-squaro, I cried out, " 0 Julia, there's a native of India sweeping a crossing. Poor man! I should so like to sponeak lindustani to him and give him sixpence. HTow cold Iho must be, this biting Marchl day !" " My dear child," returned Julia, witlh an air of superior wisdom, "you wore broughlt up in the country, wore you not, before you wont out to India?" " Entirely," I answered. " Well, then, take the benefit of my metropolitan experience, and don't waste your sixpoenco on so unworthy an object. If your sixpence is burning in your pocket, give it to mamma for her Laundresses' Mutual Benefit Club." "Biut it would be such fun talking lHindustani to a native in London," I nlnnded. S"You would only be oncouraging laziness and vico," said Julia soverely. " This man, if really a native of India, must be a Lascar, and ought to have returned home with his ship. But I don't believe he is an Indian at all. io is probably an Irishman." "Irishman! my dear Julia; look at his dress and his complexion." "The effects of walnut-juico," replied Miss Peckovor sternly. "If you weoro to come behind hlim unawares and run a pin into him " (Julia said this with quite a relish, as if she would really like to do it), "the bad language which lie would infal libly makeo use of would be in the Irish dialect." Julia had dragged moe along while we were talking, so that by the time she had spoken this last sentence, we had reached home. Two gentlemen called that afternoon -one was Mr. Fishplate Gage, who is said to be a very clever person, but I don't care the least about him, for he talks of nothing but railway matters ; the other, Mr. Arthur Long Bowman, a barrister in the Temple, who never gets any briefs, but lives partly on his contributions to the mngazines. IHe is very amusing, and we had a most agreo able conversation together while Julia and Mr. Gage were solemnly discussing the prospects of the " bill which the Great Extension Railway had brought before parliament for a line between I'edlington Parva and Stoke Pogis. " Apropos of the number of foreign nation alities settled in London, Mr. Bowman," I said, "do you believe there are any Hindu crossing-sweepers? My cousin Julia declares they are all Irishmen." "Miss Peckover must be extra-sceptical, then, even in this scepticel age," replied Mr. 3Bowman. " Why, there is an unmistalkablo Hindu who sweeps a crossing within two hundred yards of this house." "The very mai whom I noticed as my .cousin and I woere coming home ! In Geor mandy-square, is he not?" "Yes. Now, I am not skilled in oriental languages'; but I have not the least doubt he is a genuine native. Besides, I have studied the crossing- sweeper, as an interest ing variety of the human species, in all his phases. I have watched him slink homo wards with his broom upon his arm ; I have seen him, having deposited that valuable tool in his humble garret, re-emerge in a pea-jacket, with an indepeoldent bearing, for the purpose of purchasing the tripe, or the sheep's head, or the saveloy, which forms his savory evening meal. As for the Hindu in London, my dear Mrs. Miles, lie is a wonderful creaturo-wonderful for the tenacity with which lie clings to the customs of his fatherland. I could take you, if it were a fit place for a lady to visit, to an oriental colony in the far east of London, where, but for the diflference of buildings and climate, you might fancy yourself in Calcutta. No. 11 in that street (I like to be exact), to outward appearance an ordinary house, is in reality a heathen 'temple, chock-fudl of idols, where, regardless of the clergymen of the parish, the ox S atriated Hindu does solemn poojak ; while an the back yard, aided by the poles and lines of a conniving washorwoman, the dread ceremonies of the clhurruck are in augurated. You know what I mean ? " "Of course: swinging with hooks fastened in their flesh." "Precisely. Nay, I have heard, but will not vouch for the fact," continued Mr. -Bowman gravely, "that on one occasion, a worn-out l3lackwall omnibus was purchased at Aldridgo's Repository by a number of Hindus. Can you guess their object, Mrs. Miles ? " "I can," I answered with a slhudder; "for a juggornnut-cnr." "Just so," said iMr. Bowman. "The massive figure-head of a condemned East Indianman served for the god; while the omnibus, crammed with yelling devotees, was driving up and down the confined space of the back yard. To dopict such a scone, with its combined elements of grotesquerie and horror, would require the pencil of a Fusili." Compared with this exciting conversation, how tame and prosaic sounded our neigh bours' dialogueo! "The only real opposition proceeds from Jackson," I heard Mr. Gago say. "Every body else has been bought off. WVo've offered him a station close to his park gates, if lh likes, but he won't listen to it." "HTis ideas must be very old-fashiondd," observed Julia quietly. I forgot to say that Mr. Gage and Julia were lovers, and that this was their way of courting. When I think of my dear George, and remember his romantic seontiments, his chivalric enthusiasm, so accordant with my own feelings, I cannot be too tlmankfal that -but I will say no more on the subject. For a wonder thero was no dinner-party that night, and we passed a very pleasant and quiet evening; that is to say, Sir Peter dozed comfortably in an armchair by the fire, with an anti-macassar over his head; Lady Pccover examined a formidable pile .of red-covered tradesmen's books; Julia practised choice morceabmt from Mirolla on the pianoforto; and I composed a delight fully long letter (four sides of close writing and crossed) for dear George, in exchange for his shabby little epistle of ten lines, which was all occupied with the description of a gigantic pike which lie had captured. About eleven o'clock we all wont up stairs; but I sat up to twelve brushing my hair, and reading over a choice packelt of Georgo's letters-models of manly devotion and-but I forbear. My fire had begun to burn low, as a hint that I had better go to bed; and I had just folded up the last of these beloved letters when suddenly I recollected that I liehad loft my workbox down stairs. I did not likeo to leave it there till the morning, for it containod a bracelet which was George's first present, and I could not havo slept quietly if it liad not boon in my own ]cooping. It was very provoking, for at the Pochkovors' house there is nothing but gas burned ; gas in the kitchon, in the sitting-rooms, and in the bedrooms. If thero liad boon a wax taper in the room I should have lighted it, of course; and if there had boon a box of lucifors I should have taken them with me ; but thero was no taper, and not a single match in the ornamental box placed on my dressing-table. I did not care to carry a lighted allumotto in my hand, for foear of setting fire to Sir Peter's beautifiil carpets, so I determined to go down in the dark. I remembered exactly where I had loft the workbox; it was on the loft-hand corner of the Louis-Quatorzo table in the breakfast parlour. I felt that I could lay my Iand on it at once. My heart beat a little quicker than usual as I descended the stairs, everything seemed so preternaturally quiet; but I reached the breakfast-parlour in safety, felt about for the Louis-Quatorzo table, (jiscovered it, and found my workbox. I was just about to quit the room when I heard a slight noise outside, which startled me terribly; it was as if somebody had dropped two or throo spoons and forks. I felt half inclined to faint, and opened the door as noiselessly as possible. My attention was immediately attracted'by a light which streamed out from under a closed door in the passage. "Perhaps, after all," I said to myself, "I have alarmed myself needlessly. I remember now that it is the pantry-door; and no doubt Mr. Joakes, the butler, has sat up late to-night gossipping, and is now counting his plate." Theis thought had scarcely passed through my mind when the door opened slowly and a figure appeared, bearing in one hand a kitchen-candlestick, in the other a plato basket full of silver. Was it the figure of any person belonging to the house ? If it had booe my knees wouldh not have trembled under me, nor should I have sounk down upon the floor in a semi conscious swoon. At l]ongth, by a strong mental effort I recovered sufficient strength to raise myself up; and nervously clutching my workbox I made my way slowly up stairs. As soon as I entered my room I locked and bolted the door, and then sat down in the chair to reflect. The fire had gone out; but the gas, which I had turned up to its highest point, madeo the room look bright and cheerful. I looked at the clock -it was past one. I must havo lain for upwar'is of an hour in the half- fainting state. It was too late now to alarm the house. The mischief was dcone; and the perpotrator of the deed had long since doparted with his spoil. Besides, to toll the truth, I did not dare venture out into those long dark passages again; so I orept into bed. OHAPTER II. "This is a most extraordinary story, my dear Isabella," said Lady Peckover to me, as she slowly and majesticanly descended tihe stairs on the following morning. "Neither Sir Peter nor I hoard anything, and I am the very lightest of sleepers. Nor did Bunce (this was the lady's maid) report any tlhing wrong when she came in with the hot water. However, here is Joakes; we will question him." Mr. Joakes was a portly person, with a bald head, a reddish nose, and a most formal style of address; in fact, the very boeanu-ideal of a butler. "Joakes," said Lady Peckover, " were the doors all properly fastened this morn ing?" "I've heard no complaint to the contrary, my lady?" "None of the plate missing?" "Dear me; no, my lady," hnswered Mr. Joakes with ahnmost an injured air. "] count it overnight, and again every morning regular at eight o'clock." " There, Isabella!" says Lady Pockover, turning to me; "you see, my dear, you must have boon mistaken. It was most likely an attack of nightmare." "I assure you," I began. But Lady Pockovor gave me a moaning glance, as much as to say : " Speak no more about it ip the presence of the servants." When breakfast was over, and Sir Peter had gone to the city, and the servants had left the room, Julia said: " Mother, what is this mystery betwoeen you and Isabeolla? I hoard you talking about it as I was coming down stairs." " oMerely, my dear, that your cousin dreamed she saw a thief last night stealing the plate." "Dreamed! aunt?" I exclaimed. " The proof that it was only a dream, my deor Isabella," answered Lady Pockover, "is, that the plato is in perfect order. As soon as I had heoard your account, I felt it would be satisfactory to Jeakes that he should count over the spoons and forks in my presence. IHe did so, and none were missing." " But what was your dream,. Isabella ?" asked Julia. "It was no dream at all," I said, quite pettishly, "but a real occurrence. I weont down stairs about twelve o'clock to fetch my work-box, and saw a man come out of the pantry with a plate basket in his hand " "The curious thing, Julin," interrupted Lady Peckovor, " is that Isabella persists in saying he was a black man with a turban on his head." "I can explain it all," exclaimed Julia, triumphantly. " He was like the crossing swooper in Gormandy-squnro, wasn't he?" "Yes, very like," I replied. "An excellent illustration of the theory of dreams!" cried Julia. "You were tallking to me about the crossing-swooper yesterday, and I hoard that silly Mr. Bowman telling you a number of apocryphal anecdotes on the same subject. You possess a vivid imagina tion my dear Isabella-I envy you the gift and the result is that your waking thoughts form the subject of your dreams." " Really, cousin, you are very provoking," I said vehemently. " I suppose you won't belieov that I came down stairs at all last night." " Of course I don't," she answeord. "I believe your dream visited you when you were snugly in bed." At these words I rang the boll. " Why are you ringing, my dear ? " asked Lady Pockover. "Because I want Mrs. Bunco's evidence to support mine." "I am particularly anxious not to make a fuss about this," said Lady Peckovor. " Wo shall end in making all the women servants so nervous that they will be giving me warning." "But, my dear aunt," I replied, " I want to clear my character. I cannot boar to be looked upon as a silly school-girl, magnify ing a more dream into a real occurrence. Now, Julia, you don't believe that I ever went down stairs at all last night-I say I did; and as a proof of it I could only find one of my slippers when I got up this morn ing. I then remembered that when I swooned one of them came off, and as I was in too great a fright on coming to my senses to look for it, I hobbled upstairs without it. Oh! here is itres. Bunco." "Bunco," said Lady Pockover, "whore did you find one of Mrs. Miles's bedroom slippors this morning ?" "The housemaid found it, my lady, the first thing this morning in the breakfast parlour." "Now, Julia," I exclaimed, "will you be lieve that I went down stairs?" "I begin to think there is more in this than a more dream," said my cousin thoughtfully. "I am doubting whether it may not be a case of spiritual manifesta tion." " Fiddlestick ! " cried Lady Peckovor. "'Isabella" pursued my cousin, "posses sos just that susceptible sort of organisation to which the spirits love to render them selves visible." "Nonsonse, Julia," said Lady Pookovor, sternly. "You are frightening Bunce; she is growing quite pale. What's the matter Buncs ? " "Nothing, my lady," answered Mrs. Bunco, submissively;' "only I hope Mrs. Miles haven't seen the ghost." "The ghost!" exclaimed my aunt angrily. " What nonsense is this, Bunce ? " "The ghost of the black man, my lady," said Bunco, rather unwillingly. The lady's-maid's words took us all aback. Nobody had disclosed to any of the servants the nature of the appearance I had seen, yet Mrs. Bunco had at once guessed it correctly. Even Lady Peckover looked rather uneasy, while Julia seemed pleased, as if she expected some confirmation of her spiritual theories. "What is this story, Bunco ?" she asked. " Well Miss, I've never seen anything myself, and Mr. Joakes and John Thomas, the footman, told us women-servants to say nothing about it, for fear of frightening the family; but as Mrs. Miles has seen some thing, I don't mind mentioning what Mr. Jenkes told me. He says: 'Mrs. Bunco,' Ihe says, 'I should advise you as a friend, being a lady of delicate nerves, not to go down to the basement room, nor, indeed, on the ground-floor, after the family's abed.' ' Why not, Mr. Jakes ? ' I says. ' Be cause,' lie says, ' the black man is reputed to walk!' And then he told us this story: The first tenant that occupied this house was a Colonel Culpopper, a terrible passionate gentleman, as I have heard is the case with most Indian gentlemen, always excepting Major Miles, who is the sweetest-tempered "Never mind my husband, Mrs. Bunco," I said. " Go on with your story." "NWell miss--ma'am, I should say-the colonel had a black servant whonsm he treated very cruel indeed. Nothing came amiss to throw at him wheon the colonel was vexed. Paper-weights, dish-covers, books from the circulating library-anything. One day he throw the clothlles-brush at him. The poor black man took,.to his bed and died.. An inquest was hIold, miss, which was only right and proper; but the colonel, who was rolling in money, bribed the parish beadle, and Ihe summoned a packed jury, composed entirely of retired civilians, who returned a verdict of sunstroke, caused by the peculiar effect of the British sun in January on the Hindu constitution. And now, as Mr. Joakes says, his spirit goes perambulating about, demanding justice." "Wlhat became of Colonel Culpepper ? " asked Lady Peckover. "Took ill directly after, my lady," replied Mrs. Bunco in an awful voice, " and died in a state of raving madness in the. Charing Cross hospital, with a strait-waist coat on, and two medical students holding a feather-bed underneath the window perpetu ally for fear he should leap out." As soon as Mrs. Bunco had concluded her story, and retired to her own domain, Lady Peckover said: "It is extraordinary how superstitious uneducated people still are! Bunco evidently beolieves this absurd tale." "I am inclined to believe it also, mother," observed Julia. "These phenomena, sin gular as they may seem, are in strict accord ance with natural laws, if we could but ascertain what theose laws are. I am only surprised that the colonel's spirit does not manifest itself as well as that of theo indu." " I should be very much surprised, Julia," I commenced quietly, "if it did, considering that Colonel Culpopper is still living." "Still living ?" exclaimed my cousin. "Yes-at Cheltenham. He is an old friend of my mother's family, and though a little impatient in temper, one of the kindest of men. I believe Mrs. Bunco's story to be a cruel libel, and for the sake of Colonel Oulpepper's reputation I am determined to find out the truth of this affair. You cannot help allowing, my dear aunt," I said, "without agreeing in Julia's supernatural view, that there is something more in it than a more dream ? "There is," answered Lady Peckover; "and I assure you, my dear, it makes me fool thoroughly uncomfortable." "Then I shall insist," I said, "on George's coming back to town at once and assisting me to ferret it out." CHAPTER III. George was a little unwilling to leave his pike-fishing and his clergyman (I confess I felt rather jealous of that clergyman), but he is such an excellent self-denying creature that hlie was as amiable as possible when he returned. He had been away for nearly three weeks, and it was so pleasant to fool my hand once more resting on his arm when we went out sight-seeing, instead of being dependent on Julia, who really wears such preposterous skirts (although I try to impress upon her that the fashion is chang ing), that it is difficult to get within a yard of her. George listened most patiently to my account of the ghost story, and I could perceive a clever sort of twinllo in his eyes when I had finished it, as much as to say, "Trust mo for unravelling the matter." Then my dear husband spoke thus: "'Writo a letter to Colonel Culpepper, detailing the lady's maid's story, and ask him for an immediate reply. Don't lot the servants see the letter, but drop it into the pillar-box at the street corner." I did as my husband bade me ; and three days after wards received the following reply, brought by a coseuissionaire from the Oriental Club: "'My dear Isabolla,-I certainly did not expect that the first letter written to me by you since your marriage would contain an accusation of aggravated manslaughter; but so it is, and you will perhaps be sur prised to learn that I think the charge sufficiently grave to require my presence in London fobr the purpose of rebutting it; so I have come up from Cheltenham; and if your husband (whose acquaintance I wish to make-I know his father during the first Burmese war) will give me a call atthe club this evening I think our two wise heads may devise a scheme which will effectually absolve me from having to sign myself 'the conscience-stricken murderer,' Ferdinand Culpopper." When George came home that night he whispered to me: "Don't say a word to uncle, aunt, or Julia, about Culpepper's arrival. And now, Bella, would you like to sooe the ghost again ?" I shuddered slightly, and answered: "Dear George, I think I would rather not." " Because I have a notion," he continued, "that it may walk to-night. Culpepper is coming here to try and get a sight of it. I am to let him in quietly at the front-door about half-past eleven." "Do you know, Uoorgo," I said gravely, "Colonel Culpeppor's conduct makes me feel very uneasy. I cannot bear to think it of such a nice old gentleman, and yet I can't help fancying there is some foundation for that dreadful story of Mrs. Bunco's." George's reply to this was a burst of laughter, which lie checked suddenly, and thoe said in a hollow voice: "In good truth, there is a very serious foundation for that story." "0, George," I exclaimed, "you make me fool as if you had put a cold key down my back! I am getting quite nervous." "Then you had better not stop to see the ghost, dear Bella. Go up stairs, and get ready for bed. But don't make yourself thoroughly deshiabilleo-I may have occasion to summon you and the rest of the family between this and morn ing." After imploring George to be careful, I crept unwillingly up stairs, waving my hand over the banisters at each successive landing, until the dear follow was no longer visible. I then entered my bedroom, and, sitting down in the easy chair by the fire, pretended to read a book. It was of no use ; I could not road, so instead of reading I set my door ajar and listened intently. The Peckovers are early people when they have no company, and by half-past eleven the house was perfectly quiet. The French clock on my mantelpiece had just chimed the half hour when I heard the front door opened in a very stealthy manner. My female curiosity could resist no longer, and I stole down stairs, hiding myself in an especially dark angle near the drawing-room. I hoard Colonel Culpeppor's well-remembered voice; I also heard George whisper to him, "better take off your boots, colonel. Here are a pair of list slippers." From the smothered merriment which proceeded from the two gentlemen, I judged that the colonel had seated himself in one of the hall chairs, and that my husband was acting as boot-jack in ordinary. There was a long pause after this, during which I had gradually descended still nearer to the unconscious ghost watchers. Presently George whispered, " Colonel d'yo see that light over the kitchen stairs? lie's come!" At these terrifying words I fled up stairs, three steps at a time, with ai horrible dread that-some skeleton form was clutching at my skirts. I did not feel safe till I had put a double-locked door between myself and the tuinernatural world outside. More than a quarter of an hour had elapsed, when a series of rapid footfalls were heard in the passage; and something began to twist the handle of my door; my heart died within me, and I id only strength to murmur: " Who's there?" when my husband's voice said : "Why Bella, are you asleep? Open quick." I believe I said, "Why didn't you knock, ducky?" and almost fainted on his shoulder. " We've managed matters capitally down below," said George; " and now I've roused up uncle and nunt, and Julin, and Jeakes, and Bunce, in fact the whole household. Put a shawl round your shoulders and come down to the brenkfast parlour as soon as youn see Sir Peter and my aunt march forth. I've told everybody that they can make them solves look as elegant as they please." At length we were all assembled. "George," said Sir Peter, rather surlily, as he suppressed a yawn, " I hope this is not intended for a practical joke ?" "0, no, sir; nothing of the sort," replied my husband. "I have invited you all down stairs to show you the celebrated Black Man." I glanced round the room at these words, and observed with some surprise that while the countenances of all the others expressed merely curiosity or astonishment, there was a look of guilty apprehension in the face of Mr. Jeakes, the butler, and of his subordinate, John Thomas, the footman. "Before proceeding further,'. continued my husband, " you most allow me to call an im portant witness into court-Colonel Cul pepper." At these two words, pronounced in a loud tone, the door was opened, and Colonel Cul pepper entered, bowing gravely and core moniously to Sir Peter and Lady Peckover. "Sir Peter," said the colonel, "you must pardon my intrusion into your house at this unseasonable hour; but I wish to clear my character from a stigma that has been cast upon it. I have been accused by your butler yonder of having died in a state of insanity, after murdering my Bengalee man-servant, Ramchunder. The story of my death is manifestly untrue. If you, Sir Peter, will have the kindness to unlock the pantry door, you will be able to decide on the remainder of the allegation." At these words we all crowded into the passage, where George had turned the gas on brilliantly. Sir Peter unlocked the door, anti disclosed to view the trembling figure of the crossing-sweeper of Gormandy-square ! "Now, ladies and gentlemen," said Colonel Culpepper, "that is Ramchunder, whom 1 was forced to dismiss from my service for making too free with the spirit-chest, as well as for other irregularities. Speak English, Ramchunder, and say if that be not true." " Iss, sahib," answered Ramchunder, join ing his hands together, after the imploring fashion of Asiatics. "And now, uncle," interposed my hus band, "I will tell you what we found this worthy coloured gentleman doing: we found him doing the footman's work-cleaning the plate and brushing your clothes." "Is this true?" demanded Sir Peter magisterially. "Iss, sahib," said Ramchunder. " lass'r Jeake, he say lie very much tire; MIass'r Thomas he say he very much tire too. lie say: 'you nigger, I give you two shilling a week do my work.' What would poor Ram chunder do? He very bad off now, since leave good Colonel Sahib: sweeper's trade bad now, plenty March wind. Gentlefolks say: ' no dirt now '-no copper sweeper give." "Well, Jeakes, what have you say to this?" asked the master of the house. "I don't deny it, Sir Peter," said Mr. Jeakes ivith dignified suavity of manner, "but I cannot 'elp asserting, Sir Peter, that you brought it on yourself by the non-pro viding of a boy in buttons. Me and John Thomas will not demean ourselves by vulgar work, such as plate-cleaning, knives, and clothes; and we thought we was doing ahact of charity by employing this poor benighted heathen for such hinferior occupations." It is not necessary for ine to state who was dismissed and who was not; it is enough to say that the house was never aftewarde haunted by the Black Man. 