The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER XVIII. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; WEEKS of weary sickness, of anxious pain, of night-watching passed away are Philip could think of aught else save this one devouring sorrow. Mr. Woodford's angry letter to the trespasser who hod dared invade the aacred precincts of his garden at night had been thrust aside to answer at a quieter time, when hope should breathe a gentler rest through his troubled dwelling. Twice hod Fairy knelt by Mrs. Bayner's sick bed and offered her prayers with his, but her father was ill too—perhaps dying, and she dared not disobey him again, though she had her mother's tacit consent to these stolen visits. Charlie, too, who was her companion, implored her in terrified eagerness to eome no more. A secret fear weighed on the boy's mind. Mr. Norman had known how to impress him with a wholesome dread of his displeasure. One comfort Philip had in his trouble—Mr. Norman had left Willow Lodge at hut, and had betaken himself to his own mansion in the neighborhood of Sharpton; moreover—subject of great contentment to Philip—he was but a rare visitor to the Woodfords. 11 was impossible for his frank nature to divine that this was but a pieee of strategy intended to arouse in Mrs. Woodford's maternal heart the fear that he was falling off in his attentions to Fairy, and thereby increase her anger tenfold against the pretentious youth oa whose account he was supposed to be withdrawing. After Fairy's hut visit Philip felt more lonely than ever. He knew now that, cruel and im possible at he had thought it, he was no longer of any importance to the Woodfords, and h« should never again establish himself on the old familiar footing at Willow Grove. On parting with Fairy he soothed and comforted her, pro mising to see her again when his mother was better; and this promise was made as much to himself as to her, for a secret foreboding at his heart told him the old days where gone for ever, and he needed the sound ot his own cheering words to give him courage to say farewell. He kissed her at the door, holding her hand with a lingering clasp as he bade Charlie take good care of her on the way home. And so they parted, with unshed tears in weary eyes, and lips trem bling with words unspoken. On returning to his mother's bedside, Philip sat down so wearily, with so wistful a look on his young face, that as she gazed on him she saw his trouble, and, taking his hand in hen, she entreated him to tell her all his sore thoughts and sorrows. Thus adjured, he poured forth his griefs. How small they seemed in words and yet how great he felt them to be in reality and in their consequences to him through life! And Mrs. Bayner listened with gentle patience and soothing words, often reminding him of Fairy's long-tried constancy and love. But the jealous chord in Philip's heart jarred with her soothings, and when he told her how Mr. Nor man waa working on Fairy's fears and weakness, and her affection for her father, the dying mother trembled for her son's happiness. " There is but one way," she said with sudden energy. " Make Fairy your wife at once." "Mather!" exclaimed Philip joyfully, but the transient glow on his face died away in a mo ment. "I am too heavy a burden on you already," he said, "so how is it possible I can marry P" " In little more than two months you go to Ireland," she answered. " I will accompany you and Fairy. It is a eheap country j if we all lire together we shall hare enough." Philip grasped his mother's hand gratefully, but the momentary joy in his heart scarcely wanned it with a gleam of hope, for he could not deceive himself—in looking on her wan face, he felt she could never take that journey. She read his thought quickly. " If I cannot rise from my sickbed to go with yon, Philip, and be an inmate of your new home, I I can give you up half of my income. This shall be Fairy's portion from me. Do not say ] a word against it—as an invalid I shall want so little." Philip's heart swelled within him. He might seize happiness then, but at what a cost! What right had he to accept such a sacrifice from his mother P As a boy, as a thoughtless youth, how often already had he not intrenched upon her mean* P And in the allowance which eked out his subaltern's pay she was eren now giving him more than she could afford; how then could he permit her to endure further privations for his sake ? "It cannot be, mother," he said in a grave, sorrowful tone. "I have been selfish and thoughtless enough often, but I cannot allow you to do this." " If I thought I should die, Philip," answered Mrs. Bayner earnestly, " I would not urge you to accept my proposal, because I havenotlung to leave you at my death—l have but my pension and an annuity purchased for me by a friend. But I think I shall live, and there- I fore " "No, mother," interposed Philip firmly, " you hare done too much for me already. Tou hare always giren up to me a portion of your income, and lately you have pinched yourself every year to set aside a small sum to enable me to purchase my company. It is time I should repay you for all this self-sacrifice by doing something to help you and myself. I will go to India, and Fairy must wait for me till I gain my promotion; or"—his roice fal tered—" if she gives me up it will prove she is unworthy of my lore or of yours." "My dear," returned Mrs. Bayner in a trembling tone, " in what I hare done for yon I hare perhaps been selfish. I wish to retain you by my side, although I knew that in India you would find friends who might greatly aid your career; but I knew, too, that I should never see you again if you w t nt. Philip," she eon- j tinued, railing herself suddenly in bed, " let me | tell you all the truth. A frieud has made many | kind offers to me respecting yourself, but hither- I to I hare refused them all. And I was glad to i see you attached to Fairy Woodford, because ; your love made you contented to remain in J England. But if I die you will be too poor to ' worry her, aud I shall feel I have done wrong, . and perhaps caused you a lusting unhappiness." ' " Not surely by encouraging my affection for i Fairy?" said Philip hi some surprise; "that I can never be anything to me but a comfort, un- i leu she proves herself unworthy, and then I should forget her." i " My dear,** faltered Mrs. Bayner, laying her trembling hand on her ion's arm, " may not a woman be worthy and yet renounce the man the lores for a more sacred duty ?" "There cannot be a more sacred duty, mother," replied Philip firmly. "Ton may be right, Philip," returned Mrs. Bayner gently, " but your answer condemns me." " Condemns you, mother!" exclaimed her son. She looked at him and tried to smile, but a mist came over her eyes—a mist in which she saw so much of the paet—that past which no t words of hers could ever build up or make i risible to her child—that the smile died away [ in tears, and, pointing to her desk, she said— ■ "Open that, Philip, and read some of the I papers you will find within. You will under stand me then, and you will tell me if you can i forgive me for not sending you to India to woo a rich wife." Mored by that saddened curiosity which | interests us in the history of those whose life is past, Philip hastened to obey her behest, bathe found only a few faded, worn letters and a girlish journal dated a quarter of a century back. As he turned the first page of this a faint color rose on his mother's cheek, but this soon faded away, and she smiled sadly as she saw the eager interest with which he perused this record of her youth. | He read how his mother had been the ward of a Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair, whose eldest son— i much older than herself—she had loved from the first week of his return to his father's man sion when on sick-leave from India. But she was an heiress, and her guardian's pride stood obstinately in the way of her happiness. He could not endure to have it said that he had married his too youthful and rich ward to his maturely aged son. Ignorant of the true reason of Captain Sinclair's silence, she imagined it arose from indifference, and when on her return from a visit she found he had hastily departed for India, in obedience to sudden orders, with out eren a farewell, her heart sank, and she grew despairing and reckless of her own happi ness. She could not guess that this absence was the test Mr. Sinclair had demanded before he would consent to his son's addressing her. To a young girl of eighteen doubt and suspense are unspeakable torture, and calm, placid Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair little knew what agony their ward hid beneath her seeming gaiety. In her reckless and hopeless mood any change was a relief; hence it was that, deeming herself dis liked, or only thought of as a child, she hastily accepted the proposal made her by Mr. Sayner. He was young, handsome, showy, and rich, this hut qualification especially gratifying Mr. Sinclair's pride, who, as he blessed the union, secretly congratulated himself that he had not yielded to the first fancy of a child. Then came eight years of unhappy married life. Mr. Bayner proved a spendthrift and a careless husband; he squandered all his own and' his wife's property, save an annuity secured to her by her guardian from the scanty remnant. All this was touched upon hut slightly in the journal, but in her widowhood she wrote with a freer hand, and Philip saw how silently and surely her old lore returned in unabated strength, and how great was her joy when Colonel Sinclair wrote to tell her he was coming back to England. lie returned, and became her affianced husband, bnt in his letters Philip marked how much of his father's pride and stubbornness he possessed. It was evident he would never have wooed the rich and beautiful heiress; he would never have let the world say he had taken advantage of his position to entrap his father's ward; he told his love now, because she was poor, friendless, and a widow. But she was still young and beautiful, and many fears yet mingled with affection in the heart of the man of forty-four addressing the woman of twenty-eight At this time Philip was a sickly boy threatened with consumption; to send him to school would be to sign his death-warrant; only home care could save him. When the mined Captain Sayner had exchanged from the Guards into a regiment going to India, his mother left him with Mrs. Woodford, but she could not persuade herself to a second parting until his health was established. " Let us wait," she said to Colonel Sinclair. "I never loved Philip's father as I ought; I must make amends by doing more than my duty to his child." The colonel turned proudly away. Morbidly sensitive to the difference in their ages, ha would not plead his own cause by a single word. And the child grew worse, and the mother, angry with the love in her heart which fought against her maternal affection, fled from her lover, and hurried from seaport to seaport seeking strength for her sickly boy. So a year passed on, and the short furlough Colonel Sinclair had deman ded expired, and the period of his return to India arrived. Then he sought her at Torquay, and in a passionate interview implored her not to let him go alone. But her boy seemed dying, and who can tell with what conflicting sgony the mother's and the woman's heart was rent as she listened to the earnest pleading of the man she loved ? It was the mother who con quered, and Colonel Sinclair, upon whom was growing much of the cynicism of bachelorhood, left her, soured and unable to comprehend that she had sacrificed lore to maternal affection. " She gave me up before for an empty-headed boy," he said bitterly; " she will do it again." Her promise to join him when her son was better he looked upon at too rague and mean ingless to dwell on. Another year passed, and Philip, still sickly, pale, and delicate, seemed equally unfit to rough it at school or to be left with strangers; then Mrs. Bayner wrote sorrowfully and a little proudly—for the colonel's letters never solicited the fulfilment of her pro mise, and it was he who was rich now—and released him from all engagement to herself. Too proud and sensitive to complain, and perhaps stung by jealousy, he made the great mistake of his life. He married his adjutant's •iiter, a staid lady of forty-two, who had no idea of any other duty, save that of making herself as comfortablo as ingenuity and circumstances would permit. Three months after this marriage he received a letter from Mary Bayner, saying she had tried the Highlands of Scotland for her boy, and the improvement in his health was so wonderful i tliat she could leave him now without fear if he wished it. Then, being relieved from anxiety for her child, there followed many pages filled with the overflowings of a deep and long-sup pressed affection. Colonel Sinclair as he read looked at hia wife, and thought of the beautiful and loving face over which his heart had yearned so long. At that moment he would not hare turned away if his greatest enemy had put a pistol to his head. But life mutt be borne, and he bore his manfully and with the stubborn, uncomplaining silence characteristic to him. It waa not long before Mrs. Bayner knew that her son waa all she had left her in the world, yet she never regretted having sent that too-late outpouring of affection to her lorer. After a long interval a letter apprised her of the birth of a daughter, named after the dearly loved Mary of old days. Other letters followed, with many a year between, offering aid and pro tection to her son if he would come to India. And latterly, in speaking much of his daughter, he hinted more than once that if her son could like his Mary, and would be content to make a career—open to him through his influence—in India, the dearest desire of his heart would be fulfilled. Was it altogether lore for her son, or a jealous dislike of the daughter of the woman who had supplanted her, which induced Mrs. Bayner to discourage this proposition ? "I could never like her, were she ten times Philip's wife," she said, as she sealed and sent off her refusal to this offer. Years followed without bringing her any news of Colonel—now General —Sinclair, but on the day of her seizure a letter reached her from a worn, aged man, asking for her friendship and kindness to soften his latest days. He was widowed, and the future happiness of his daughter, still at school at Paris, weighed anxiously on his mind. Gathering courage as he wrote, he concluded by begging her to be her guardian when he died, and he again repeated that a union between her and Philip would be welcome to him; Philip's scanty means were of no consequence, for his daughter would be rery rich. Accompanying this letter was another, in a cramped, childish hand, which Philip felt a repugnance to open. He guessed the writer was this '< dear Mary," and one of those chill forebodings that at times creep over the heart seemed to tell him that she would cross his path or mar his happiness. He hud the letter down with a shade of paleness on his face. "It i* Gerald Sinclair's child's letter," said Mrs. Bayner anxiously. " Will you not open it?" Now Mrs. Sinclair was dead, Mrs. Bayner thought of Mary only as Gerald's child, and all jealousy being gone, all fear of her son's being stolen from her by this woman having fled, she would willingly have seen him interested in her friend. Long ago she might hare let Philip go to India, but for the thought of the adjutant's sister playing the part of mother to him; she could not bear to give her all she loved. " I will not open this letter, mother, thank you," said Philip decidedly. "Miss Sinclair does not interest me. In all that I have read I think only of you—l see only your self-sacrifice, your renunciation of every hope in life for the sake of a son who has never yet repaid you by a single generous act. Mother you hare suffered cruelly—l see it now. How can I reward yon for your devotion tone?" 44 By being happy, Philip," returned Mrs Bayner. " I confess that I hare suffered, and I would spare you all the aching patience of long, lonely years—the pains of separation, absence, and doubt—to end perhaps at hut, as with me, in hopeless certainty of desolation. Agree to my scheme, make Fairy your wife, and let us hope that I shall live to bless yon both." Philip bent over his mother, and her tears wetted his cheek as he kissed her, and mur mured— " Fairy and I will lore you dearly, mother." Csirai XIX. Hatchq thus gained his own consent to an imprudent marriage, Philip hastened to apply for Mr. Woodford's. He wrote to that gentle man, respectfully urging his chums, and press ing for his consent to his speedy marriage with Fairy, on the plea of his mother's precarious health and earnest wish to see them united be fore his own early departure for Ireland. Mr. Woodford's reply was a masterpiece of diplomatic eloquence. He had no idea there had ever been any question of marriage between Philip and his daughter; he had looked on their attachment as a mere childish affair; eren now he could not retard it as serious: Philip's cir cumstances made the thought simply absurd. He trusted they were both too young to mind this silly matter rery much, but he really wished he had interfered earlier to put an end to it He had views for Flora which would conduce to her happiness, and even if nothing of a pain ful nature had occurred lately to render their former friendship impossible, Philip would surely now perceive that it was no longer pos sible to admit him as a visitor at WOlowgrore, and he trusted to his honor as a gentiaman to abstain from seeking an interview with^ Fairy elsewhere. Exceedingly indignant and sorrowful, Phifip read the letter to his mother, and asked her advice. " Mr. Woodford," she said, " is sacrificing his daughter to his own selfish interests. Yon mn not bound by lit ideas of honor; you most see Fairy, and ascertain her wishes." "My idea of honor," answered Philip, "is that I am bound to protect my wife against the cruelty that would destroy her hap piness." "You are right," returned Mrs. Bayner. " Her father is blinded by his lean and his poverty; he cannot see that Fairy's marriage with Mr. Norman would do him no permanent good. His ends once gained, the banker would soon withdraw the aid he is now giving so ca priciously to this poor ruined family, and Fairy would find she had sacrificed herself in rain." Philip tried to listen to this calmly, but as his mother drewapicture of the slow tortureof Fairy's life if she yielded her consent to this hateful marriage his heart beat wildly, his cheek burned, and he clenched his hands with a passion which might have shaken Mr. Norman's nerves to see. It happened that on this day there was a grand review at Sharpton ; sundry generals and lord-lieutenants and a royal duke were to in spect Philip's regiment and other regiments, and they all marched to Sharpton for that purpose. Hence there was no time for further discus sion of Mr. Woodford's letter, and PhiEp, hastily locking it in his desk, bade his mother farewell, and hurried away. She listened to the last ringing echo of his horse's hoofs, and thea begged the nurse to j bring her writing materials. Since her first conversation with her son, Mrs. Bayner had felt a great change in her own condition. The slight attack of paralysis from which she had been suffering had passed away, but a strange weakness, a curious foreboding of death had taken possession of her, and believing in this she earnestly wished to do her utmost for Philip before the end came. So nerving herself for the effort, she attempted the painful task of writing to General Sinclair. How young her heart grew as she wrote; how old feelings, perished hopes, and past lore revived again within it, flitting faintly through her pained thoughts like ghosts of her dead youth! Her hand trtaablsd, aad tears fcU fast upon the paper; she strove to remember Oat she, a faded, stricken wosnan, was writing to an mge^ wani i*n, mm! ——u ** «fflnnni sinitq—, of comfort, of consolation, were the only suit able ones to nee, bat the deep tenderness of earliest days, the passionate yearning of her youth, the sick agony of patient waiting in after years rose like a flood, and drowned the thoughts of common courtesy which she would fain hare penned. She bowed for a moment to the storm of feeling, and wept silently as it passed over her. It is strange how an early lore haunts us in age and sickness, and eren perhaps in death. Do we get wrong-mated on earth ? and is there some mysterious, invisible e\\\\*in M^whing as to the one whom we did lore, or might hare lored? We lore, and lore wrongly; we marry, and make the best of it, or the worst, according to the whiteness or the blackness of our souls; but there are few hearts, no matter how grind ing or groping life may be to them, in which this one romance of youth does not linger with a tenderness erer green and fresh. Mrs. Bayner, as she dried her tears, re proached herselffbrher weakness, and half-smiled at the thought of a woman of forty-eight shed ding tears like a girl. She reflected, too, how nearly she was at the end of her pilgrimage, and how httle comfort, hope, or happiness this earthly lore had giren her through life. The reed on which she had leaned had pierced her through; it would he folly, then, indeed to cling to it in death, It had never brought her aught but weariness, disappointment, or sorrow, and not to this lore could she look now for re ward or ffimtnlation. bat to that h'ghfr t fcoiifr purer lore that sheds its balm on the contrite heart and the broken spirit. Thither her soul betook itself now in prayer and faith, and calm cheerfulness and quiet strength stole back like silent angels to their old resting-place—her patient, kindly heart. She was full of lore to all those whom she was going to leave in this hard world—her son, her daughter Fairy, the aged, white-haired lorer of her youth, his motherless girl, and Mrs. Woodford, her early sehoolday friend, about whose shadow a hundred pleasant memories lingered. So dashing the tears away, she mur mured thanks to God for all these things, and wrote with steady, kindly hand to the worn man who had made her heart beat so wildly in the old time so long ago. She told him Philip's story, with all it* pre sent hopes and fears, and prayed him, if the day came when, weary and disappointed, he should seek India, to accord him his friendship for her sake. Then she spoke of Mary, and of her hope that this gentle girl might be her son's consoler if indeed the promised wife of his youth were torn from him. She spoke, too, of herself calmly and cheerfully, as of one about to enter the unknown world where the weary are at rest, and until they should meet at that bourne she bade him a long farewell. Setting aside this letter, she wrote another to Mrs. Woodford. She reminded her of their early days, their long friendship, their mutual lore for Philip, in those years when, in his mother's absence, he had found a home with her. "The lore," she said, "you gare my boy I hare repaid to your dear daughter. Give these two to each other, and let a dying woman bless you. Or if the obedience you owe your husband prevent this, promise me at least that until Philip be unfaithful you will never make Fairy so." After arranging a few other papers, Mrs. Bayner folded her letters and bud them on her deck: then much calmed and comforted, but rery weary, she leaned back on her pillow and slept peacefully. While she slumbered, a gentle, quiet fgure, dad in pretty, fresh moslm, stole in silently, and, kneeling by her bedside, prayed for her with blessings and tears. Then rising, she sat watching her, while all the sunshine that poured in at the rosy window seemed to play upon her face, flashing it with softest beauty like the fight of a happy lore. " Fairy r exclaimed Mrs. Bsyner on awak ing, " is it indeed you?" "My mother heard from Dr. Philperse," said Fairy with a smile, " that Philip would be at Sharpton all day on doty, so she gare me leave to eome and see you, since there was no chance of my meeting him." " And you smile, Fairy V* u I smile," answered the young girl with a blush, "because it appears to me so foolish to think that my lore for Phifip can depend on my seeing him continually. My father fc»riw if we are separated we shall forget; each other; that is so impossible," she wmpluded, shaking her fair head emphatically, while her bright hair caught the sunlight in golden glints as it danced from carl toearL Mrs. Bayner looked at her as the old look at the young, half in sorrow, half in pleasure. "You are a true-hearted girl, Fairy," she said as she kid her hand for a moment on the sunny, head that leaned towards her tenderly. " Bat circumstances may separate you and Philip, and then memory will only be a pain." The bright rose of the parple sanest played now on a pale cheek, as the thought of separa tion sent the blood to Fairy's heart with a sadden pang. " Nothing can separate as," she murmured. Mrs. Bayner seized this opportunity to speak of Philip's letter to Mr. Woodford, and of his reply. Fairy listened with parted lips, blushing deepest rose at mention of being Philip's wife so soon, bat taming pale when she heard of her father's refasaL "I fear they wish you to marry Mr. Nor man," said Mrs. Bayner, "bat you would be rery unhappy as his wife, Fairy." The young girl bowed her head without •peaking; even to Philip's mother she could not divulge all the miseries of their poverty, nor say how many motives might urge her father on the course he was pursuing. "Fairy," continued Mrs. Bayner, "I dare not advise you to disobey your parents, bat I do from my heart believe that obedience in this ease would be a griereos sin and sorrow. A corse rests on all worldly marriages from the deceitful wedding-day till that awful hour when one purjurer, wrecked in happiness looks on the dead face of the other. If any human being i could tell what sin and suffering lie wrapped up within a false wedding-ring, I doubt if the bravest would not tremble ere she sold herself to such bitter slavery. Yours is a weak nature, Fairy, but remember in destroying yourself you may destroy Philip also." She had seized the girl's hand as she spoke, while her worn face, lighted op with the flash of excitement, looked unearthly in its dying beauty. And Fairy, impressed by her earnest ness, and trembling at her words, knelt by the bedside, sobbing and speechless. Gently strok ing her fair carls with win fingers, Mrs. Bayaer continued— "Fury, my dear, so on* told me these things when I m young, and in the bitterneas of a great diMppointment I tinned in my WU But my old lota lingered in my heart, marring all my happiness, and that I dared let it linger made my punishment, lor we cannot cherish an unlawful thing without it turn again and ating us. I suffered deeply, and I deterred to •offer." "Do not reproach yourself," whispered Fairy; " I know you did your duty nobly to Captain Bayner." "We never do our duty unleu we lore it, Fairy," answered Mr*. Bayner. " Donoteheat your oonaeienee by promisinc it you will do your duty. We are not machines to be wound up to a eertain work, but human beings, with affection* and passions which wiU rebel againat an irkaome duty, and the warfare the soul then suffer. U a battle not always given to the strong. Promise me you will not engage in such a con flict, my poor child." " I should die if I forsook Philip. Oh! how can you think I would?" cried Fairy pas sionately. "In our hat days," replied Mrs. Bayner srdly, "•sorrowful •pint of prophecy seems to descend onus, and we discern things hidden from the strong and healthful. But lam happier now, Fairy, that I hare warned you. And remember a time came to me when I ■ought happiness with tears and could not find it" "I hare heard," faltered Fairy, "of the eacriflce you made for Philip's take." "I was right to do my duty at last," she answered, " by renouncing for my son the lore I had nerer conquered for his father's sake. How could I presume to hope for happiness ? I preferred to bear sorrow all my life long, | knowing I merited the pain I felt. Oh, Fairy ! I in all affliction learn to hare patience and hope! Bemember the Psalmist's words,' Hare patience and He shall gire theethe desire of thine heart. Oh, if I had but waited!" She stopped, overcome by emotion, while the tears that had gathered in her eyes feu slowly over her worn white face. Much agitated, Fairy leant over her tenderly. I " You have been so good a mother," she said, "and all these things are so long gone by; comfort yourself.'' Mrs. Bayner glanced at her letter to General Sinclair, and thought that some wounds ever open afresh. "Fairy," she satt, "there are things which have a sting of bitterness in them to the last, and this is one of them, that we might have been happy and would not Do not mistake me: I never regret what I did for Philip's sake: lam thinking of the old impatient, fret ful time before my marriage." Bhe covered her eyes with her hand, at though to shut out the visions that rose too rapidly, and went on in a musing tone— " I remember as if it were but yesterday," •he said, "the evening on which I sealed my fate. We were by the sea, and I was seated on a rock, looking out over'the waves, wondering whether they would ever bring General Sinclair back. The weariness in and around me was like a desert; uneared for by him, I felt myself worthless as the seaweed at my feet, and in my dreamy moodiness I never noted the incoming tide, nor heeded my imminent peril, till a sudden shout aroused me. Then looking up, I aaw Captain Bayner -»*~«-g on the high cliff above me, pointing to the water, which now sur rounded the rock on which I sat. At high tide the beach was covered, and there was not a path by which I could escape unaided. I knew this, and m I comprehended my danger I shrieked aloud, 'Save me! save me!' Captain Bayner, if he could not hear my voice, saw my implor ing gesture and my terror, and instantly com meneed to descend the cliff. The hazard to him was horrible; even now I cannot think of it without a shudder. He risked his life at every step, but he saved mine, and when he asked that night to be his wife, I felt I had no right to say 'No.' My gratitude was so fervent that for a time I misunderstood myself and forgot my love. I have this excuse, Fairy, that the scene was terrible, and the impression it made on my mind so great that I still feel the horror with which I watched it, and I have but to dose my eyes to ace again the frightened girl, the daring climber whom a false step would have dashed to death, and the horrible pre cipice——" But here Mrs. Bayner, whose eyes were still closed, flung her arm suddenly around Fairy. "Keep back, Fairy!" she cried—"keep back! I hear the roar of the breakers. You will perish—yon will be dashed to pieces!" She sank back on her pillow pale and faint ing, Fairy, much alarmed, leant over her anxiously. "Do not he frightened, Fairy," she said in a moment with a reassuring smile. "I believe my brain drew too vivid a picture of the scene, and suddenly, instead of Captain Bayner, my imagination placed your figure on the diff, and I fancied " She stopped, and her words were so low that Fairy scarcely heard them, but her manner struck a chill to the girl's heart, and the thought that she might be delirious added to her terror. "You are vary ill," she whispered. "Let me call for help." " No, do ; not yet," answered Mrs. Bayner. " Fairy, whan wffl you see my son •" she added earnestly. The tone of sad anxiety in her voice touched Fairy like a reproach. "I will see htm when he Kkes," she answered hurriedly. "I will get mother's permission " "Get it soon, my dear," said Mrs. Bayner, "eke I shall never again see dear Phil's face radiant with the joy it always wears in your presence." "If you can spare him so soon, I can send a j note by the doctor to-morrow to tell him when to come, if mamma consents." "Fairy," asked Mrs. Bayner earnestly, "if Philip urges you to marry him at once, what ■hall you say ?" Fairy's cheeks flushed crimson, and then grew pale, and her Eps quivered as she answered in trembling tones, "My father is so ill; perhaps he is dying. I dare not disobey him mow.*' "Perhaps I am dying too, Fairy, 1* w sponded Mrs. Bayner, as she fixed her eyes with along souowful gaze on the young girl. "I fear I shall never see your fair young face again, and my son wul be alone in the world. Never theless, I dare not counsel you further than I have done. Only be firm and true to Philip and yourself. 1' "I will, I will," murmured Fairy, as she stooped to kiss her. : " Take this letter to your mother," said Mrs. ! Bayner. " She wfll let you see my poor Philip j —she will not refuse me this tiMriff, Now ! go, mj darling, for you hare a long walk home, ! and it k getting late." I Fairy east an anxious glance towards the ; window. IttHt lovely evening in Hay, bat the shadows wen lengthening m the mm to pat on her hat. " I feel strangely nervous about yoor reUrn home this evening," MidMn. Beyner, watching her with taring eyes aa she adjusted her cloak. "Do not fear for me," returned Fairy, ■mil ing. "Charlie if coming to meet me.** She spoke gaily, bat Mrs. Rayner's eyes were fixed and glassy, and she did not seem to hear. "Hath!" she cried. "What is the clock striking? Isit eight?" "No," answered Fairy, hastening towards her, " it is only seven." "I am glad," said Mrs. Sayner, speaking again in her own steady voice. "I hare a fancy, Fairy, my child—yon will obey a sick woman's fancy?" "Yes, certainly," answered Fairy earnestly. " Then try, my dear, to pass that little stile at the corner of the wood where Philip and I used to bid yon good-bye in the old days of our long walks together, before the Tillage clock rings eight." " It will be easy to do that," said Fairy, a little surprised at the request, " since it is only seven now." "Do not stay a minute, dearest; bid me good-bye at once," returned the invalid eagerly. Then she kissed the young girl tenderly again and again, and laying her hand on her head, prayed God to bless and guard her. Fairy ■trove against her tears, and kept them back. "I shall soon see you again," she said, as she stood a moment at the door, her sunny hair falling round her radiant face, and her eyes shining with the glistening tears unshed. "Tell Philip, mother dear, how I love you both." The words brought a bright blosh across her cheeks, and her little hand closed the door hastily. It shut out the vision of her innocent loving face, which a moment before, like a fair picture, had stood framed by the portal in Mrs. Bayner's sight, and the room filled with a sudden silence and darkness. " I shall never see her again in this world," murmured the sick woman. "Oh, why does not Philip come?" [TO MM OOITDUID.] 