CONDITION OF THE SOUTHERN STATES. Correspondent of the New York Tribune, Journeying m this region is tedious and fatigu ing to the last degree ; nnd I would adviso any ono contemplating a Southern trip to abandon it, unless, fortified against sea.sickncss, he can trust himself nnu his digestion to old Atlantic's keeping. Tiie railway trains arc generally of tho most in- con veuient, shattered and uncleanly character, aud do not make at their maximum speed more than ten miles an hour, fur which you pay six to ten cents per mile. After every ten or twelve miles of jolting you are compelled to lie over, for the day or night, at some wretched village, nnd defy dyspepsia by a melancholy attack on corn-bread and bacon, whose weight and strength only during hunger would give you courage to invade. On my way hither I did not lie down for four nights, and my physical life was a perpetual spasm between starvation and the indignation of an outraged stomach. Beautiful faith that enables one to believe the South the land of delights and homo of luxury; and better still the instinct which prompts him to remain at home, and cherish his delusion still. South Carolina is as devoid of physical love liness and geographical attraction as can readily bo imagined. There is no State in the Union that is not its superior in those particulars, and no State where, in proportion to it? population, there is so much dcplorablo ignoranco and irrepressible conceit. In some sections there is a good deal of literary and political culture, but it is culture only in one direction — devoid of largeness or profundity— the cultivation that began in a belief in the divinity of Slavery, nnd ended in the diabolism of Secession. In and about Charleston, Columbia, and Beau fort — the chosen homes of the soi-disant chivalry — there were men and women of fine understand ing and polished manners, but they wcro never moro than cultivated simpletons ; fur they reasoned from Shivery to Nullification, and adhered to tho wretched fallacy that Cotton was king. the palmetto city. Charleston, which I have not visited before since tho war, looks drearier and duller than I have ever before seen it. Half of its business portion still in ruins, it looks like an American Palmyra with its cotton Zenobia buried beneath its sands. Everything in the city rcmiods mc of a past civi lisation, and there is hardly a building anywhere that does not appear more than a century old. Omiini. molnnrhnlv with. iU croon tilort roofs, its crumbling stuccoed walls, its enclosed gardens and high gates, its decayed porricoes, it reminds me of the ruined convents in Spain and the decaying habitations of Southern France. It is not difficult to fancy yourself standing amid tlic exhumed remains of Hcrculaneutn and Pompeii, in many parts of the burned district, so dead add departed is the appearance of everything around! If I were as firm a believer in Special Provi dence as nil genuine Southerners assume to be, I should hold that tho Charlestoninnshad offended the Almighty, and that ho had punished them for their pride. With a more philosophic, because larger, faith, I believe that, mistaking, tho spirit of the age, and blind to the progress of events, they violated reason and common sense, and have paid the natural penalty thereof. decay of the old regime. The Palmetto City — so called I presume, be cause there are no palmetto trees in it— is ex tremely dull, commercially and socially, at present. Money is very scarce nnd business vapid, nnd there is not a place of amusement in the entire town. You sec very few of the original inhabitants here. Many of the private dwellings nro empty, and their former residents gone, I know not where. The persons you meet nt tho hotels, on the wharves, in the streets, ore Northerners induced hither by mercantile or speculative considerations. The old society of Charleston, which the natives here were fond of declaring the most exclusive and aristocratic on the continent, is broken up and has become a thing of tbe past. Occasionally you encounter a sallow, slender, dyspeptic looking man, who shows by his intense disgust with tbe existing order of things that be is a 6urvivor of the fallen chivalry, & wandering ghost in this grave-yard of interred ideas. It is very plain be does not relish the change in affairs, but 1 am per suaded the change in affairs is mortifyingly in different to hira. Self-conscious, boastful, pom pous, self-declared descendant of the Huguenots, you have learned a sad but much needed lesson, though at too late a period in life to profit by the teaching 1 sumter. Old Sumter — historic fort; looks gloomily out from the bay at the old city, and seems to smile satirically amid its ruins at the proud nnd haughty Southern race/ who hoped to overturn a great Republic because it would not sneeze when John O. Calhoun took 6nuff. A nortion of Sumter still stands; but the so-called Confederacy is no more. Tho hoary-hcadcd traitor who courted the distin guished honor of firing 'the first shot at the fort — the shot that made a great war and an immortal history— is nlrcady forgotten in a suicide's grave. st. patrick and secession. St. Patrick's Day was observed here in true Secession style. The memory of Preston S. Brooks was drank in silent reference, and Jefferson Davis was alluded to as " the brave soldier, the learned statesman, tho patriot martyr, and the suffering saint." It was a rare and delightful occasion when treason obtained a furlough to play the fool, and South Carolina, wholesomely constipated, was privileged to return to its verbal diarrhoea and its sophomoric crustations. the " chivalry' still talking. The daily press hero — represented by the Courier News, and South Carolinian — are, just now, loud in their praise of President Johnson, because they believe him in opposition to tho North. Many of the Northern men here— to their shame bo it said — aro repeating the mortifying sycophancy of the past by pandering to the treasonable feelings of the South Carolinians for the purpose of obtaining their patronage. They sell their principles with their goods, the latter are dear and tho firmer cheap. Not a few of tho braggart Chnrlestonians, when they have a fit audience, are fond of declaring the war not over yet ; thnt the struggle will be re. sumed when the South has recovered from her exhaustion, and that she will yet prove to the odious Yankees that the Southerners are tho ruling race. Gasconading fools! let them talk! They tan do no further harm 1 They have not been subjugated, of course, but for an " uncon- qucred people" they havo been placed in a per manently awkward predicament, which all their spiritless attempts nt the old swaggering nnd boastfulness only renders pitiable aud degrading. The evidence taken before Mr. Higinbotham the sole arbitrator in the matter of the dispute between the Queensland Government and Messrs. Peto, Brassey, and Betts, the contractors for the Southern and Western Railways, was concluded on Saturday. The decision is not as yet known, as Mr. Higinbotham intends to take home with him to Victoria a copy of the evidence, and there draw up his award. This is perhaps the best course which could have been adopted under the circumstances. — Courier. When Foote was once walking with friend Gu hagan, in Soho Square, they met a most miserable object who earnestly solicited their charity. Gu- hagan refused ; but observing that Fuoto had given hira' a few ponce,' said " I believe yon are imposed upon, for I am morally certain that fellow is an im postor." " lie is eitho> the most distressed ronn or the best actor I ever saw 'in my life," replied the comedian ; " and as either ono or tho other he has a brotherly claim upon me." "Does the razor tnkohold well?" enquired a bnrber, who was shaving a gentleman from tho country. " Yes/ replied tbe customer, with teftrs iu bis eyes; " it takes bold first-rate, but it don't let go very easily." BRUTALITY.— A race for £200, and other matches, came off at Wagga Wagga on the 4th instant. After the conclusion of the sports, the following instance of disgusting brutality occurred. We quote from the local journal, the Express :— "The racing being all over, the mounted men commenced amusing themselves by jumping their horses over logs, and this led to Mr. Morton making a bet of £3 that Mr. Crisp did not ride his horse Whale- bone over all the hurdle-race leaps round the course within an hour. Whalebone had taken the race for two sovs., and was in no condition to do the work cut out for him. At the first leap he struck the top rail, and came heavily to the earth, send- ing his rider flying over his ears. Nothing daunted, he mounted again, and shaved, but still cleared, the second leap. At the third, the poor horse showed evident signs of weakness, and again caught the top rail with his feet, and fell over with a crash, his rider, for the second time, escaping with out injury. He again mounted, but it was evi- dent to all that he would never clear the last leap. He rode him at it, but the horse simply rushed against it without attempting to rise He repeated the attempt two or three times, the horse always charging against the fence, knocking it each time more and more out of the perpendicular, and on one occasion throwing his rider over his neck on to the top of it. Mr. Crisp was advised to let him rest for a time, as he still had fifty minutes to spare, but he declined, and, putting him at it again, the poor animal made a final effort, and rose at the fence, but landed upon the top of it, and rolled over with his rider, an indistinguishable heap, upon the ground. A general rush was made to the spot, and Mr. Crisp was quickly pulled away, a little crushed about the shoulder, but otherwise unhurt. The poor horse fared much worse, for his neck was dislocated by the fall, and in about ten minutes he was dead. The pluck of Mr. Crisp in risking his own neck, as well as that of his horse, in the reckless manner he did, cannot be denied, but we very much question whether tasking the energies of a noble beast until it perishes in willing but unavailing efforts to obey the impossible behests of its exacting rider is a deed of which any man can have good reason to be proud." So far the local paper. We do not hesitate to say that it is a reason for deep regret that the rider was not killed instead of the far more noble animal. — Sydney Empire, 15th inst. SACRILEGE. — On the night of Wednesday the vestry of St Saviour's Cathedral was broken into and tbe communion service stolen. The thief seems to have taken the wood-work of an old pew which had been left lying outside the cathedral, and to have used it to stand on while he broke in a portion of the window, and thus effected an en- trance. He then broke open a small cedar box in which the communion service was kept, and took the tankard, a chalice, and five plates, leaving another chalice on the table. He left behind him a small canvas bag and a common black-handled dinner-knife. Some stains of blood about the place show that he had cut himself in breaking the window or in getting through the opening. The service was — fortunately as it happens— only electroplated, so that the thief will scarcely gain by the perpetration of the outrage. At present no suspicion attaches to any one in particular.— Goulburn Herald. THE GROWING WHEAT. — A gentleman, residing at Anambah, informs us that about three weeks ago, having a crop of growing wheat affected by the rust, he allowed a flock of sheep to eat it off. Since then the wheat has again sprung up nicely, and is now in a healthy and thriving state. A more forward patch of wheat, the property of the same gentlemen, was, however, so much affected with the rust that he, despairing of its ever arriv- ing at maturity, cut it for green food. From Rose- brook and other localities around Maitland, we hear that the growing wheat is looking very well. — Maitland Mercury. EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE FROM DEATH BY POISON. — A most extraordinary escape from poi- soning by strychnine of five valuable horses, oc- curred recently on the farm of Mr. Taylor, residing near Mr. Richie's run in the Ararat district. The native companions are both very numerous and very troublesome to the farmers in the locality re- ferred to, in destroying the early sown crops. Mr. Taylor, finding powder and shot a time wast- ing expedient for getting rid of the unwelcome visitants in question, determined to try the effects of strychnine on them, and purchased from Mr. Maylon, chemist, Smythesdale, one drachm of that poison. On returning home, Mr. Taylor mixed the strychnine in a quart of boiling water, adding a quart of wheat, which absorbed the solu- tion. He then mixed the poisoned wheat with a bushel of dry wheat, intending on the following morning to have the deadly preparation strewed over the farm. Having put the wheat into a tub, and tied a strong bag over it, he placed the tub in the yard where the drays, &., are usually kept out of the wav of the cattle. In the night time however, by some means, the horses found their way into the yard, and being attracted by the scent of the newly-boiled wheat, overturned the tub, and succeeded in breaking open the covering, whereupon they devoured the contents. Mr. Tay- lor was of course greatly concerned at the affair, anticipating the loss of his five valuable horses ; but, strange to say (and doubtless to the delight of the owner), the strychnine had no more effect on them than making them very thirsty and in- creasing their appetite. There could be no doubt as to tbe purity and strength of the strychnine, as a little of it which was purchased by a farmer at Carngham for the purpose of destroying native cats, did its work effectually. Not only that, but a dose of half a grain of the same strychnine has since been tried on a domestic cat, and death re- sulted in a few minutes, thus apparently proving that horses are not susceptible to that most viru- lent of poisons, but that it seems to act upon them as a tonic. — Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballaarat Star. The London correspondent of tho 'Leedt Mercury' says : — " Peto and Betts wcro great customers of the firm (Ovcrend, Gurney, aud Co.), and through it tliey obtained means to carry on the works of tbo London, Chatham, and Dover Railway. That was truly a great firm, the glory of English enterprise, with only one fault, that of being too grasping and too ambitious. They bad works going on in every quarter of the world ; in tho valleys uf Sweden, on tho crest of the Cordilleras, in Spain, Africa, England, Canada; 30,066 men received weekly wages at their bands, and tho higher staff of secretaries, managers, engineers, and surveyors, was moro numerous and better paid than any of our great public departments. When Sir Morton Peto went last to America , he bad a regiment of journalists in his suit -, whoso business it was to scatter tho details of his ' progress' to tho remotest corners of tho world. When bo gavo a banquet in New York, the ornaments of the dinner tablo alone coat a thousand pounds — yon may guess easily what the dinner cost. The London daily papers fought shy of tho affair, but tbnro was ono journal, a weekly one, in which every thing was published, and of tbishetook 250,000 copies. I saw him one day this week in tbe city stopping out of a brougham worth throo hundred guineas, drawn by a pair of borsi'S worth perhaps double that money, and bo did not look like a man who owed four millions, and had' no means of paying it. The general belief is that bo will '.cut up' well, and that the Ovcrcnds will have an equally satisfactory post mortem, and thus wo have tho beginning and the end of tho panic." Sharp Damsel.— "Is it possible, miss, that you don't know tho names of some of your best friends?" inquired a gentleman of a lady.—" Cer tainly," she replied; "I don't even know what my own may bo a year hence 1" 