onAKERISM AND MR BRIGHT, r, [FROM THE SATCItDAY HEVIEW.] Little can be understood ol any man's teacmng unless wo know his life, and the channels through which he has imbibed the principles ol his life. : It would ba a great mistake to clasB Mr John Bright with the ordinary demagogue. Wilkss and Cob bett and Henry Hunt, and their limp and unsub stantial representatives in tho present' day; the Beals and Nicholays of the metropolitan Vestry balls, represent nothing except a certain amount of volubility and conceit. Bat Mr Bright is some thing more serious than this. What he is — that is to say, what he represents — has not often been con sidered with sufficient attention. He floated into publio notoriety on the topmost wave . of the Corn-law agitation ; but Free- trads was not to him — as it was to his more modest colleague, Mr Cobden — the one object of his lift). Mr Cobden had one thing to do, and he did it. It may be doubted whether he surveyed the political and social world nnder any other than a single aspect. Fiee trade and a simplified tariff were tho beginning, middle and end of his philosophy. Cibden was a practical man j Mr Bright is an enthusiast. Cobden saw a single broad, largo, slating necessity; Mr Bright ia concerned with nothing short of tho political KosmoB. If that excellent calico-printer, whose highest social am bition was to be a simple Sussex squire, was only a glorified arithmetician, his more con epicnons colleague aspires to be litllo less than the prophet and apostle of regenerated human ity. Mr Bright is eminontly, in tho alang of the day, a representative man ; and what it is that he represents wo shall now try to discover. It is known tnat Mr Bright is a Quaker, or, at all eventB, was born and bred a Quaker. Bat the influence of his Quaker descent and Quaker education does not seem to have sufficiently estimated, perhaps be cause the real and inner significance ' of Quaker ism has been forgotten. People generally think of Quakers as boing much like other Dissenters, with their special and denominational peculiarities. They are regarded as an odd body, till lately distin guished by an ugly costume, and affecting an un pleasant contempt for English grammar ; but, on the whole, they are thought of with a sort of' contemptuous toleration as an evanescent sect, which has exchanged its first fervor for a very consistent devotion to the arts of commerce. Perhaps Charles Limb's estimate of tho simple, guileless, philanthropise Frieiids may pass for the popular estimate of the feeble folk who are the descendants and degenerate repre sentatives of George. Fox. And a very superficial estimate this is. Ever sinco modern society began to straggle into shape, there has arisen from the depths of hnmanity a lamentable voice fall of threatening and woe against the wrongs of social life. It has alternately taken a religions and a political form, and sometimes haa combined both. If wa are to believe M. Renan, Christianity itself is only the first of these solemn appeals ; bat un . donbtedly we may discover, through the dark annals of the darkest ages, traces of the surging up of tho same spirit of revolt against social wrongs. The rise of the Mendioant Friars, of the Fratioelli, the publication of the ' Everlasting Gospel,1! the pro gress of the Brethren of the Free Spirit, and espe cially of tho Wuldenses, and even of Wickliffe— and, generally Bpeaking.the protest against corruption and heresies in the Church, which culminated in the thirteenth' century — ropresont tho good and evil sides of a revolt against a dislocated social state ; while the insurrection of the Jacquerie in France, and the Tyler and Cade rebellions in England, show an early fornv of Socialism. Everything in those days took a religions aspect ; and tho mediatyal Socialists preached a new Gospel. It was revolu tion in Church and State that was proclaimed. The ' Everlasting Gospel'? was to the Christian Gospel what Christianity was to Judaism. The appeal of early Quakerism under its first hierophant was iden tioal with this : it was at onoo a relitrioaa and aoni«l revolution which was preaohed. Not that such uu appeal was not in some sense needed. , George Fox no more intended to create a separate religious com munity than did the Abbot Joaohim, or whoever wrote the ' Everlasting -3-O3peI.' The Friends were only the Brethren of the Free Spirit under a new name. Tae Indwelling Light was only another form of the old - proclamation of a new kingdom 'of tho H-ly -Ghost. The Quaker dross and plainness of speech ware only tho Franoiscau cord and habit and sandals in another shape; and tho Hasannaa which saluted Naylor at hia entrance into Bristol reprodaoe, with scarcely a variety, the blasphemous parallels between our Saviour and St. Franios. If, iu tho thirteenth century, Popes and bishops were saluted os anti-Christ, it is only a reproduction of this lan guage to find early Quakerism denouncing the church as the Apocalyptic Beast ; and if ' it was never a merry world iu England sinco gontlemen came up,' tho sentiment is equally in place with vane a raooie, or witu lieorgo .Fox deaounom'- the ' darty nasty thing to talk of a House of Lords.' If Fox's opposition to tithes and endowments was vehement and fierce, it had been preoeded by equally fanatical denunciations from the mediteval spiritualists, who thundered out the levelling doo trine^ that tho possession of monoy was, in an eccle siastical person, a deadly sin. It may be quite true that the Quakers have cooled from tbe fever-heat of their .first love, or first fan aticism. We shall not deny that aucocesivo and sufficiently strange stages have marked the Qaaker development.; and those who are curious on tho subject may consult an elaborate, but some what ovorloadod, article in the current number of the theological review, the (Christian Remembrancer, called ' Friendism.' Bat tho original fanaticism of Qaakors ou religious and sooial questions cannot but exercise considerable influence on the body so long as it exists, and especially on all born withia it. Nor does it all follow, because modern Quakerism has seon proper to adopt the dress and speech of artlcnlatelv snankinn- mnn .f.lmf it- unn t ? *.„.. :._ origin. Controversialists, not always unsuccessfully, have found in Quakerism a parallel to the Jesuit order; and certainly Penn— ilacaulay's Peun— became the most pliant ooartier, although for his own sectarian purposes. The cultivation of tlio commercial spirit by the Qiakers 13 the most awk ward feature in their history as a religious body ; and we can scarely understand how Fox and the eloquent Barclay would recognise the depo sitaries of the Indwelling ' Light in the great discount houses, and flourishing banks and breweries of onr time, which have grown out of the eld Qxaker contempt for tho pomps and vanitios of this wicked world, that now is. Mystic und qnietist, however, as Fox was in nis religions speculations, it is an error to sup ? pose that he was an advocate of peace doc }''!?? -K, /M-salei1 to the fleshly sword in very intelligible tones, and reminded Cromwell of ' the many valiant captains, soldiers and officers who had been put out of tho army, as it may b,, for saying t/toit to a minmfor ..-j * ? ? ., . ? ' R ,p, , ? 1 ?'»« me wearing meir nats.' The carnal weapon was only disowned when it was no longer necessary ; and the Qwkars are not M^if' \°f? 'Wch has discovered that it is their duty to bind kings aud nobles only Bo Ion* riches only till they can get hold of them. Bat if the Society of Friends has foregoae tbe outward expres sion of its original and fmcer spirit, the iatereatiue question occurs, whether the substanee of this original spirit survives, asd to what extent. There are Quakers and there are Quakers. The late Mr Forster scarcely differed from an earned Evan gelieal, except in the matter of Calvinism- and there is, perhaps, on the theological aspect of the matter little to distinguish religious Quakerism from what 13 called Broad Churchism in the'pre sent day. Quakers dispense with the sacraments which some Churchmen deom to be inefficacious : the Indwelling Ligit might easily be exchanged for the Verifying Faculty of which we have heard iately. When His announced in our own days that sacraments, Scriptures and doctrines must all bo sibordinated to tho informed personal conscience we only seem lo bo listening once more to tho voice i or a more outsDckon tnn-.).-». „,],„ ? .1 1 that the light within is tho trae Redeemer, and U sufficient for salvaiion, and that the Scriptures and equally auchontative, becaaso equally inspired. It of BW.M £n°agh th-at th0 the°logical completion, nl „ k .ume' 83 ln'erpretedbyacool, common bv Thci v ?'' iSln6d 'm the ' A'° ot ae'°».' by Thomas Paine, himself a Qaaker And it is S #g*»* «?- *wUtoL? Penntero U why all hS^o/0!8 ^tiOal P™^- But ledfoll, ' 1! We have 6aid' ho '«? ^n and ' ism reaUv ^wiV.TV ta(wledf?* °» what Qaaker the ' Everlasting Gjspel,' or : have roused the peasants of Languedoc or Kent. It is no new thing to claim that 'all the lands should be in common ; ' this was Mr John Cade's coarse but intelligible way of anticipating Mr Bright's sugges tion to the British laborer, that merry England stands alone and conspicuous in the absenco of a peasant proprietary. If Mr Bright— now perhaps in tho days of his approaching Penn period — thinks it a reproach and a libel to call him a Republican, ho must remember his fathers, and at whose feet he sat when he imbibed the old Quaker traditieno, and he should not forget the speeoh ol Fox which de nonnced Royalty as an institution of the Evil Ope. The enlogies of America oome with something like grace from a deaoendant of those who found beyond the Atlantic that Goshen which was denied to them in this corrupt Old World ; and it is something like affectation and sqneamishness in one who represents Qaaker doctrine to be shocked ot being called a Republican. This reprosoh is one whioh 'His father's father bore it, And his father wore it ;' and no trae Qaaker oaght to think it scorn to be charged with hatred and contempt of kings, churches, priests, tithes and endowments, and ?- bloated'aria tocracy, for whose use aimiea and navies are kept up. That Mr Bright should bo a determined foo to the Chnroh is iu him natural and proper; it is consistent with his traditions and associations. He is a Qaaker, if not iu outward profession, in what is much more important — in principle. From Qua kerism Mr Bright derives his manly, plain-spoken, intelligible English ; for the English language, ;as witness ' Barclnv's Apology,' owes something to ner vous masculine Qiaker ppeeoli. From Quakerism, and from that elder Socialism of whioh Quakerism is the legitimate hoir, Mr Bright inherits his oon lempt of Lords and landowners, his vohement as sertions of his own io fallibility, his prophet-like lan guage and gesture, which demands a9sent as to the authority of a deep conviction and divine mission superior to human credentials and human standards of proof. From old Quakerism Mr Bright has learned his hatred of Church and State as they are, and — most painful, but in Quakerism intelligible and even consistent — his pitting class against ckss, and his vehement appeals to ignorance, passion, and prejudice. Only let us reoognise in Mr Bright's teaching, what it really is, a revival, or rather repe tition, of a very old story indeed — that is, ot a protest against established social order— and we shall know how to estimate both its strength, for we are not saying that even the wildest shriek of uiodireval Socialism, or even tho wretohed squeak of Fenianism, has not some small element of truth in it, and its weakness. At any rate, aa a mere matter of history, we must admit that, whether Quaker Socialism is good or bad, it is not oxaotly a new edition of Lord Somera and tho Bill of Rights. And something else wo may bo permitted 10 hint to Mr Bright. He has carried on in differently well, and at aiiy rate with an honest consistency, the original tradition of George Fox. It may not perhaps suit his reputation to finish a remarkablo career by a revival of William Peun also. A Cohportablb Doctbine.— When Dr. Living stono was sleepiug out one night in tho course of his explorations, a lion geiz3d and shook him, with a view to further proceedings. It is not many men who can say with Misa Pecknsniff that they have 'lived to bo shook' in such a stylo as this. Tho doctor records it as bis experience that the result of this shaking was to superinduce a sort of coma tose state, a feeliug half of numbness, half of con tented repose, iu which he disregarded pain, and Imtl no considerable dread of the tearing of flesh and limbs which was to precede his death. There upon he suggests the idea that, perhaps, the prac tice of Bhaking their prey whioh is observed in all feline animals, as well aa iu dogs and in some of the more violent fishes, is1 a providential arrange ment to spare tho nooessary victim pain. It' we look into tho tales of death by violence, ws shall see iu very many casea some sach prapamtiou for acdm parativoly easy death ; «asy, that ia to sayj as compared with the horror which tho account ex citos in those who hear or reud of them. This would appear to be notably tho oise in sooio kinds of railway aoeident. Tho shook and jar of a colli sion hua something peculiarly numbing about it. Passengers who oacape uahart from such it catas trophe relate that they suddenly becamo conscious of something happening, or being about to happen, and knew nothing more till they found themselves faced round the other way, or heels uppermost, or contorted m some of tho many strange ways' ia which the human body fa, found to be contorted a cer acc.dauts of this kiud. There has been no iHnnhOniO0TtfQr a loS3 of ^n^ousness ^ there is no bruiso to show, no ostward injury done, and ye t loeometion of a very complicated «Dd difficult nature hubeon achieved, and a spaca of time has passed which cannot by any nTeans be called . nstantaneous, for it has sufficed /or tbe^rash and tumult of the collision to come to an end, and tho ..-uo^r^upaBsengernaus uiinaelf settled and sta tionary. A bootch physician who was in a bad fit7.? Th * 8°T yeSr8 ag° dis«'«* W™elf sitting at the top of the catting in whioh tho acci dent occurred, externally uuhun, M if heoouldnot ha»8 bean throw., thoro ; indeed, from the nature of thorn* - TW DOt haVB be0D- How h' had go certain thafh ,° 'onoePtian ?' ™* it seemed quite heloed rh~ w* ^ °arHed °r in an* wft? sSv ?? r *w= ™»— himself quietly soated oa the cutting, many yards away from the rained train, he would hav/me t without conscious suffering. And, without going through such a baairdom ordeal as this, large uoint^H P6raT haV8 had experience' whioh ? sailor „ a I 8am° dlrfotioa- A man who is « bad sailor, and has crossed the Channol in really dirtv a^denlVl Tl °B ^ deok- ku°™ what ik **& auddenly lifted as it were from his seat by some LTflP™'!:8'Ch «'.'»'. ^?h ««ied th/prince — -^ ? D^iu luo -Arauiaa I-jights ' baokvr*rds sol ^r 3 * lr°ngh the air' and deposited '« bJul ., * I* ,1B^' ?m°aS niinoaa «**'?' ol um brella and cloak, ami other impedimenta of a sick «-v° --'?— — ? a geutlo tap on the head; so that iu many very aJjL I «WhV0h mikB °VCry nerve of ono'.bodv rnf^ fn b»™. «-»»»«, tuero are groat chances in favor of the victim's having received jaat some that part of ins system ta whoso sensitiveness pain s due, and so render him unable to feel the engtheaedpaug.*. And this may very well hold in tho ease of those who strugglo ou and cry aloud in their apparent torture, oven as the 'sabjact' under tho surgeon s knife makea sigaa of pain whon his nerves are under tho blessed influence of aworthotics. It is a comfort to think of such things in theso day3, whon steam locomotion and steam maehiuory brine to so many households tho horrors of a dreadful ueatti to enhance the nauil sorrow for death. And m the face of tha torriblo catastrophe ia tho Bay of Biscay, It IS 6 creat comfart tn fliit.Ir fl. ,f .. „;._:!._ effect is of tea produced, Ihongh perhhp. not to so high a degrae, by fatigue, by exposure to wet and cold, bv prolonged and anxious doubt. Seasickness bus especially and to a very high degree this effect. A man trader its influence will constantly say, 'S ,h° IS J''8 he Bhonld make that fh t 5a-V° ^imSClf- If h0 is MA ' I, 'f.1'!! ls «nkinff. the announcement Dart nf .. ' Vrent d0Ivn' ]0DS before a tenth &''?? P«Mengerd could have become accua Sat ih™ motlon of the vessel- ne way ba Baro reudP^d % ^re mmy Wh0Se ordin3ry «-ffering« eudered it impossible to have that keen percep ficsh detail brings to us on land. And of tho rest ,u-ge numbers must Lave been tired into reaigna L°''J ™t hLlh3 .tir«ta « ^lf-pre9ervatioriDand '171HH7» °l owers they had ho spiritedly and bo nobly made, tired by exertions the very intcntnesa of which precluded tho possibility 3 WeJ aB7f °f a?lioiP»tion WW1' «uch «erfiona Mted. Many ngou. of those whsae sex or ago or infirmities forced them to be somewhat inactive spectators of all that went on were donbtless only half alive to their trials. The discomforts of a vessel on which the sea was making clear breaches, he numbness of cold, and the results of expoauro to wind and spray, the deafening noise of the elements and tho confusion of all within tho ship all theBe and many more influences would be 'at work to reduce persons of weak constitutisn to a aalf-regardless state, some time beforfl death' was mm to bo inevitable.— Pall-mall Qape}tg. 