THE WAR IN GERMANY. (From the Daily Telegraph Special Correspondent with the Prussian Army.) At last we have entered Bohemia. As far as the eye can reach it sees only columns advanc-<*> ing and sweeping past. On crossing the borders and defiling before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never-ending acclamations and snatches of song—" Ich bin einPreusse;" "Oh dv Deutsckland, ich muss macschiren;" "Hinaus in die ferae mit lautem hornerUang," and to forth. The strophe " Der freiheits hauch geht machtig durch die welt" is still ringing in my ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply- defined out line against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spun from column to column, now sud denly pulls up and anxiously scans with the help of the telescope and the map the range of country before us. The Prince's head- quarters are for the time being—probably only for a day—at Schloss Harfenstein, the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for us ; for, from the era of the 30 years' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Heertrommel"—drums of the regiment—because they were only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondre court commands under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troopers are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camping round the fires towers a horrible statue —that of St. Nepo muck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, in fantry, repose in marching order, partly in the btreets and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up in long rows. In spite of the enor mous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots were heard at a distance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bringing in our first prisoners, two Radetsky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear-cut features and a dark de fiant expression. While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skir mish of horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast; and now the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of light ning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven —and in the mud! Every fire is extinguised ; nevertheles the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are heard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau to Beichenberg, alarms were constantly sounded—what for, 1 am unable to say. To day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy—a vain hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without halting, Bene dek, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront us in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flauk. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Beichenberg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The 35th and 60th (the Zouaves of the army)—the 24th and 64th (the victors at Alsen), in spite of their diminutive figures—strike the beholder wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough tussel with an enemy superior in numbers! The Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the little, supple Branden burgers. One gives, these heavy, broad-shoul dered fellows -credit —even before proof—for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they too, like their fore fathers in the War of Liberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous, I should say irresistible; but whether, like the Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly. Beichenberg is a highly interest ing town, in a lovely country surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the bills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the hills lie the famous battle field of Ziska, the Prokopa of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The appearance of the distant hills grows more threatening. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain-tops, shrouding them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What awaits us there ? I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first en gagement which will herald in the first great battle. ' "Both parties claim the victory." It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike per sist in asserting, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same jour nals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documents, Ac. ; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are severally represented by the organs of their op ponents as not much better than a gang of rob bers and murderers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by com paring the several statements and waiting for confirmation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. 