PUBLIC SCHOOLS BILL. A. rundo HEETiNa of tho rostdonts of tho Clarence, was held nt tho School of Arto, Grafton, on Friday evening last, to .? discuss tho morita of tho bill with refcronce to public schools, Introduced by Mr, Parkes, and now before tho Assembly. Tho MAVOII (Mr. T. BAWDEN, J.P.) having rend the requisition convening tho meeting, was unanimously votod into tho chair. Ho expressed tho pleasure he felt, in being called upon to preside over so important a mooting as that for tho consideration and discussion of thoPubllo Schools Bill, having for its object the better, education of thc youth of this colony, He then asked for tho friends nnd opponents of the bill a fair hearing, and trusted that the speakers would contine themselves to tho discussion of the bill, for which thoy had assembled, and not indulge in personali- ties ; and if in thc heat of tho debato anything should bo said by a speaker contrary to tho opinions of persons present, they would glvo him tho credit of expressing his conscientious opinions, and that they were for tho public good-he further trusted that the result of the meoting would not be the means of causing any disssention amongst them, but that the good feeling which had i hitherto existed, would not bo disturbed by any discussion that might take place that evening.. (Hear, hear.) Ho would now call upon the mover of the first resolution. Mr, E. O. LAMAN said ho was sorry ho had been called upon to movo tho first resolution, as he saw others present moro qualified to speak to the question than he was, having had vory little time to look into tho bill. Ho looked upon the question, however, as one of considerable importance to a, district like the Clarence, . where tho \ population was so scattered, Tho division of tho1, grant for public education bctwoen the National and Denominational Boards, he contended was objectionable, and argued that the present bill which provided for one board only was preferable,: arid calculated to. do .moro good. The speaker next alluded to tho opposition by the clergy and heads of tho ohuroh, to tho present bill, and asked how many clergymen had availed themselves of tho privileges of giving religious instruction to the scholars of tho National schools, for which provision was made in the Act. Ho was not in a position to say, but ho did not believe that clergymen had over used the privileges thus afforded them. As an instance of somo change being rendered necessary, he pointed to Woodford Island, on this river, where there wns a largo population, and the parents were anxious for a school, and had even been willing to raise the funds required for the necessary buildings, but the National Board, when applied to, had stated that they could not establish a school at Woodford Island, for want of funds. That he thought was a strong argument in favour of one general system ; and he considered the bill introduced by Mr. Parkes, would confer a great benefit upon residents through- out the colony ; and he would therefore move,-- " That it is not only desirable, but absolutely necessary, for the future welfare of the colony, that every child should have the opportunity of receiving a good primary education, and that, in the opinion of this meeting, the Education Bill brought before the House by Mr. Parkes, is caculatcd to attain that desirable object." Mr. B. G. FAIRMAN seconded the motion, believing the present bill to be although defective in some respects, a better system than any hitherto adopted. The Rev. A. E. SELWYN said he had seen the requisition, but was in doubt whether the meeting was convened of those only who were favourable to the bill ; or whether to discuss the merits of the same ; if the latter, as one opposed to the measure, and the meeting wero willing to listen to him, he would offer a few remarks ; but if not, he would resume his seat. The CHAIRMAN: He was of opinion from the wording of the requisition, that it was open for any one at that meeting to discuss tho merits of the bill. The Rev. A. E. SELWYN said their chairman having decided, that he could address the meeting ; he must say that he thought in order to consider the details of the bill impartially, many present had not had time to consider the same, and would therefore not object to hear those who had studied the bill. The clergy, he maintained, were only opposed to the National system, on account of its secular teaching, without providing for the religious training of the children. It was not on account of bigotry or as opposed to the education of the youth of the colony that the clergy were found in opposition to the present bill j but it was tho duty, of clergymen to watch over their spiritual welfare, as much ns it was tho lawyer their legal rights, and tho physician their bodily wants. Bach therefore supplied a recognised want, and wero accepted as such, and ministers were supported by thc people, for tho purpose of watching over their spiritual welfare; and in a question of education, above all others, they would be wanting in their duty, did they not lend their assistance. Any system of education that did not provide for the religious instruction of the scholars, was defective ; and although they could not expect to obtain a perfect system of education, ho thought that by putting asido all prejudices aud party-feeling, a plan could bo devised, that1 whilst it mado ample pro- vision for educating tho children, lt would also próvido for their religious trnining, and thus bo rendered generally accoptablo to the peoplo of tho colony. (Hear, hear.) By tho present bill their was no provision made for religious trnining. (AVOIOB: " Yes, ono hour a day.") Ho (Mr. Selwyn) _ main- tained that it.was impracticable, and oven if it wero not, where were tho clergymen to bo found in country parts, that could attend tho various sohools scattered over a largo area ¡ and h6.might mention, in answer to a proviouB speaker that ho"for ono had availed himself of the privileges affordctt under the National system, by attending thc school oppnslto ; but if he were asked to afford religious instruction under the present bill, it would be impassible for him to do so. There wero somo portions of tho bill that ho was not opposed tn ; for example, tho inspection of all schools, receiving aid from tho Government, hy an authorised inspection, ho thought was a wisc provision ; but he was opposed to tho bill which ignored the parents altogether, and gavo no local supervision over the Behool, tho entire power being vested in a Board in Sydney, who were to regulate the education of the youth of the whole colony-- it was, he maintained, another attempt at what was so objectionable to the country districts-- the centralisation system. The rev. speaker then alluded to the cost of educating the children under the National and Denominational system, and although less in the latter, he said he did not wish to put that forward as an argument against the National system, as he considered that funds spent in the education of the youth of the colony, was money well spent. He then referred to the numbers attending the public schools and to the great body of children that were growing up in the colony without having the means of education imparted to them, and argued, that under the provision of the present bill, that number would ho largely Increased, as under the prosont system, wero thirty children could bo found to attend, a school could Bo established but Mr. Parkes' Billi which was to remedy that state of things, increased tho attendance to forty, before a sohool could be established, Tho rev. gentleman then alluded to Smith's Plat, where a non-vested National school had been established, in which the parents hnd n voice in tho election of tho master, who instructed tholr children, whilst tho placo was open, to any clergyman and for tho residents to assemble in, for religious Instruction, which could not be the casa with a vested school ; and in scattered districts, ho considered lt was n very wiso arrangement ; whilst in vested National schools, tho teachers were not per- mitted to use even the Lord's prayer. The question beforo thuin at tho present tim was whether they were prepared to affirm a system of education that ignored religion altogether? or one that recognised proper provision being made for the same, combined with religious instruction. He urged upon the meeting to pause before giving themselves up fettered hand and foot and handing over all the duties that ought properly to devolve upon them to a central Government, which they proposed, by pledging them- selves to the bill now beforo the House. He would therefore move as an amendment, -- "That this meeting welcomes any attempt to provide a gcnernl and efhoten; sys tent, of instruction and education hut ls of opinion that many of tho dotnlls of this bill nro not suited to tho wants of tho country." Mr. SAMUEL BONDPIEI.» seconded tho motion. Tho Hov J. GAUVEN said not being n resident of tho town, ho felt somo reluctance lu taking tiny part in tho meoting, but ho thought tho system proposed by tho present bill, was prcfcrablo to those now in existence, and that tho mooting mlulit express their willingness to accept the present bill, until a better system could be devised. (Applause,) Mr. W. MATTHEWS said the educational system of this colony, had hitherto been a controversy between the National and Denominational Boards. Tho National system, Independent of clerical influcnco, had increased, mid no> numborod 12,000 scholars, whilst no less than forty new sohools lind been ap- plied for, but which the National Board for wonts of1 funds had been unablo to establish, Ho noxt alluded to the cost per hoad being gronter in the National than Denominational schools, owing, na ho alleged, to1 the sum cxpendod in the National school buildings which, of late years, had been of a superior olaBB, am adapted to the requirements of education. [A VOICE "Yes, the building opposite."] The building oppoalt had been built fifteen years ago, but evoti at Casino their school-house was better than hero. Th National school proporty, he stated, was estimated a £100,000, and which buildings were available by th Government at any moment for the npurposes o education. He maintained that it was impossible to devise a wise system, that would suit nil classée but he thought that tho clergymen, who wore nov found to be opposed not only to the National Bystom but to the present bill, should ere this have sketched out some system of their own, to meet the wants of the colony. (Hear, Hear) But whilst tho heads o the two principio denominations were found to bi strongly opposed to the present bill, the minor sects -- and they form an important section of the community \-- were willing to accept Mr. Parkes' bill. (Hear, hear.) Could any gentleman show him how a school master was to teach half-a-dozen different denomina- tions, it would not pay ministers to preach it, much less masters to teach it, but he maintained that the principles of religion, without secular instruction were taught by the books used in the National schools at the present time. With reference to parents appointing schoolmasters for non-vested schools, it was not exactly as stated ; the master was nominated by the residents, who, if 'h6 passed tho usual oxaml nation, tho Boutd 'ratified tho appointment. Iii denied that the argument used by a previous Bpcakcr with reference to no provision being made for religious training was tenable. The bill provided that for four hours each day, the children attending the schools should receive tho clements'of a goat sound education, and one hour onoh day should bi set apart for religious training, but the bill won further, it made provision,- that tho hour, if not usc; for religious instruction, " should not bo lost,'bu devoted for secular education-(hoar,,'hour)-;ant with itinerant teachers, as proposed, in thinly scattered districts, education would be brought home to their very doors. (Hear, hear.) The present bill did not do away with Denominational schools already in existence, for if they could get forty scholars, the Denominational would still exist alongside the National school. The speaker contended that despite opposition the National system which had been denounced both from the pulpit and the altar, had progressed beyond the expectations of its most strenuous advocates, and in support of his arguments read extracts from the last report issued by the Nntional Board, and concluded by urging all present to support the Government in the carrying through of the present bBOwhich in minor details, no doubt required some slight alterations, which could be done in committee, but the main principles of the bill, he maintained, were sound, and eminently calculated to confer a great benefit in providing more extended means of education throughout the colony. Mr. JAMES PAGE said when he entered the room, he had not intended to say anything, but after the outrageous statement of the last speaker, he felt he could not sit and look quietly on. The question before them was not one of merit between the National and Denominational Boards; as the bill before the House proposed to do away with both (Hear, hear.) In the establishing of schools certain rights had sprung up, which they wero not préparée to surrender; Dcnominational schools had been bulli by the various denominations, and were they to bi shut up by the Govcrnmcut, boaauso they could no ensure an average attendance of forty scholars. There were two points in the bill, which he approved of, namely the amalgamation of the two Boards, nm thus only having one Board of distribution ; nut the inspection of all schools, as it was quito right that those receiving Government aid should show that they did some work for tho money received, nm the Government should demand as a right to HOI it properly expended. Mr. Pago suld tho Nationu Board, instead of mnking their enemies friends, took every opportunity to insult ministers of religion (Mr. MATTHEWS t no.") Mr. Pago : hand nu the report from which you hnvo been quoting, and he would point it out. (Here the speaker rcforrcd to ti clause in tho report oltho National Board, which set forth, that the class'Jjof persons recommended by ministers for the class of teachers, were generally men of immoral characters.) In Ireland, the National system had been well tried, and had been followed by great success. Their children wore their own, and as they paid to the revenue, from which the funds were derived, they ought certainly to have a voice in its expenditure. By the present bill there was no provision for any local supervision, whilst under the present National and Denominational Boards, the residents wcro always written to, to name the local patrons, but Mr. Parkes' bill proposes to give the Government and tho Executive Council the power to appoint thrco gontlo mon to form the local board, the result of which would be that, one might be living at Grafton, another twenty miles off, and so on. He contended that if the bill were adopted in its present form, it would be the means of closing three schools at present in existence on this river. Mr. J. L. MICHAEL said the remarks of the opponents of the bill were both disingenious and unfair. As con- scientious men, ho fltouhl givo thom every credit for be- lieving that they were right; but they must at the same time give them credit for the same. If the principles ol the bill were right, they could give it their support, thc details no one pledged himself to, nnd would br settled in committee by the House. Tbc bill did nol say that religious training should be excluded, but il made it imperative to teach the chtldron Bcculnt education, and give them some knowlcdgo of thc world they lived in ; and in order to do that, it provided that four hours a day should be dovotcd to that purpose. (Hear, hear.) Have not parents, whose proper duty it is, eight hours every day, to devote to tho rellgiouirjtrnlning of their children ; moreover, tho bill gives to tho clerical body, ano hour every day for thq.sumo purpose, He contended that tho clerical boily\\\vere not to ho entrusted with tho power of teaching, and mndo some persona) nllusion to n speech recently delivered by tho Rev. A. E. Selwyn, in which tho word liitltuilinnriantsm, was used, tho meaning of which Mr. Michael quoted, but which was denied was correct by tho Rev. A. E, Selwyn, Ho (Mr. Michaol) argued that tho moro tho schänio for education was removed from the control of the clergy the better; and stated thnl whenever tho day for tho emancipation of nil ecclesias- tical authority liv tho mattor of education should nrtivo, tho \moro\ intelligent would tho children become (HcVfnw.) As an Instnnco in support ol his nrgnment.Wlr. Miohael pointed to tho system poraucd in PriisQa, which was Booular, but whore he stated it was nimmt impossible to Und any ono whe could not road and write-in fact, if education was withheld from n child by tho parent, lt was punish nblo by law ; whilst in thoir own homo country, the chtldron wero brought wp little bettor than black- fellows, so far ns education was concerned : nnd il parents did not seo thnt their children wero educated tho State should, (Hear, hear.) Ila would ask, vvhatman in that rftùm, with education, would give it up for untold we&h; ; but of course tho object of i tho clergy was to keep bock Boculur education, which ' thoy nrgucd was worse than no teaching nt nil, but would thoy oniiixrso such a principle. (Cries of " No, no.") Tho bill beforo tho Ho uso, had made firovision for certain school foes, but at tho sumo timo t had provided that no child should ba rofusod education for want of funds. (Hoar, hoar,) Such a bill ho maintained could not go far wrong, and was deserving of thoir Bupport, and with an alteration of I thrco words which ho suggested In tho original motion, he considered that thoy could not do better than to adopt lt. y» v> \ K Rev. A. E. SELWYN ; It was no new feature to grant education to a child without means ; for although no law had hitherto been made on that head, it had been established by custom. (Hear, hear. After some few remarks as to whether the original motion could be altered as suggested, Mr. MICHAEL proposed, the following as a separate motion,-" That it is not only desirable but absolutely necessary for tho futuro wolfaro of tho colony that ovory ohild should hnvo tho opportunity of roccivlug a good primnry education. nrulHhnt in tho opinion of this mcollng tho prlnoiplcsV'of tho Tubllo Schools Bill brought beforo tho llmiso by Mr. Parkes, aro calculated to attain tho'deslrnblo object." I Mr. JAMBB PAOB said with that altorntion, ho would second tho motion. (Cheers.) Tho proposer nnd seconder of tho origlnnl motion having signified thalr willingness to withdraw tito Bama, with tho consent nf tho mooting, lt was dono, Aldorinun ll, MAimion, J.P., said Uko nil other [monkem, ho had no intention, when ho carno thoro that night; of addressing \ham,\nml ns it wns now getting Into', nnd 'tim qiicsYjonllinvIng boon so woll Biinkon to, ho would not detain thom boyoml informing thom that If thoy sanctioned tho present bill, thoy dlHoourngcd roligious training altogether - (hear, hoar)-for lt was Iniposslblodhnt parents of thirty or forty ehltdron could support a ulorgymnn, mid without a mlnlstor attended nb religious training could bo glvon. In hts opinion, it was almost us well not tu tench a child at nil, unless thoy taught it something of its Maker ; and any Hollomo for tho oduontlou of tho youth of thia colony, without rullglous training, waa not good. A little loaming, auch aa writing and dabbling in figures, was dangerous, unless the .child was taught at tho samo time to love and fear God. In all woll-regulatod familios it was customary before meals, to pralsa tho Maker who gave them .tho .food ; and he could not seo why children should not ho taught to thank their Maker at tho samo time as they wero taught to read and write. (Hear, hear.)' The Kev. A. E. SELWYN said it wfts not his inten» tlon to reply to any attack upon himself, but ho could not help remarking, that ono of tho speakers had wandered from tho Bubjcct, by lnuding tho National and donounolng tho Denominational Boards ; whilst tho bill proposed to abolish both. By giving their support to tho present bill, they discouraged religious instruction much moro than by upholding tho present National system, which would then bo abolished ¡ and how impossible lt would bc in this district, far yenrB to come, to find ministers thut could impart this ono hour's religious training. He .maintained that unless soma of tho details of tho bill were altered In committee, it would disappoint all their expec- tations. ? - . . Tho CHAIRMAN then put tho motions separately, when the resolution moved by-Mr. Mlchaol was adopted, by a largo majority. Mr. J. M'GILLIVIIAY . moved tho adoption of the following petition ¡ " To TUB HoNOllAllLE TUB LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY Ol' " NEW SOUTH WALES IN PARLIAMENT ASSEMBLED. "Thopetition of the undersigned inhabitants of Grafton, respectfully shewoth,-. s. " 1. That your petitionors aro strongly in favour of tho bill, how before your Hönorablo House, to maka bettor provision for public education. ... '?2. That tho said bill judiciously provides for , n system of publlo schools, which shall bo open to all creeds without distinction: and whilst provision, is made for religious instruction,' it combines a. Bound svBtcm of secular teaching calculated to extend tho blessings of education to tho'rising generation; and thuB promote tho welfare of the colony at largo. " 3. That your petitioners bcliovo that itinerant teaching in thinly populated districts, will bo tho means af affording n better. and a moro extensive education of thc children of the colony. ".i. That your petitioners feel nssured, that pro- viding education freo ot all expense, .to children whoso parents frpm^varjpùa causes, neglect it, will provo a great blessing. "yr . - ' "6. That your potUApncrs, therefore, humbly prov, that your Ilonorablo Inhiso will pass tho said bill without delay. \ ' " "0. And your petitioners, ns in duty bound, will over pray.'* So much had been said on both sides, that he fol lt was not necessary for him. to occupy their time. Ho maintained that lt was tho duty of tho Stato to provide tho necessary menus for every child to bo taught secular education, and nt other times tho children could bc afforded religious Instruction,.as tho bill only provided for four hours each doy. In Ireland, tho books used in thc National sohools thcro contained extracts from tho Biblo ; whilst ono hour a day under tho prosent bill, was provided for religious instruction. Tho previous speakers too had made no allusion wlintovcr to tho Sunday schools, which was a very important element in religious trnining, nnd went a lang way towards supplementing tho provision of tho bill. Ho thought there was nothing in' tho Îictltlan that could bo considered objectionable, and io begged to movo its adoption. Alderman S. AYEUY seconded the motion. . Alderman H. MAUIUCB, J.P,, moved as an amend- ment,-"That tho bill to mako bettor provision for public education now beforo tho Legislativo Assombly, is not desirable, as it would tend to exclude religious instruction, from many parts of the colony." Thc Hon A, 15. SUI.WITN seconded tho motion. Ho said thoso presenUJicinot clearly seo what they were voting for. [A VTUCEV I suppose wo want tho clergy tn luBtuuitjis.] BwjiuVvting that petition, thoy wero pursuing a course dlrVctV calculated to cut out all religious trainink, in t\o education of -tho youth of this colony.1 A VOICE: RcVKtious instruction was a farce. (Cries of "No¡ No.") Mr. MATTHEWS said tho opponents of tho bill wero assuming that all tho hooltB at present in uso in tho National schools, which. inculcated tho broad prin- ciples of religion, wore to bo abolished. Mr. MICHAEL denied that ho had argued that reli- gious training was not desirable ; but with four hours only per day for secular teaching, and ono hour for religious instruction, during tho remainder of tho day what became of nil tho mlluonco pf.pnrents, that they should not teach their children their duty towards God and man. (Hear, hear.) ' Iii supporting socular education, thoy wero not opposedi to the religious obligations of both parents and ministers. Mr. JAMBS PAOIÎ maintained that tho bill mndo no provision for religious instruction, as it was practi- cably impossible to carry it out ¡ and if any child did wrong, it was not in thc power of tho teacher to correct him, for if ho mentioned tho name of God, ho was liable to bo chargcd;with proselytising, yet the Stato recognised tho principio in tho Courts of Law by tho administration of thc oath. Alderman AVEUY said that ministers had been tho means of keeping back education, and had it not been for a clergyman they would have had a National Behool In this town two years beforo they did. After somo desultory remarks, tho MAYOU having rend tho politlón, put tho snma to tho meeting, which was adopted. Thc Kev. A. E, SELWYN proposed, Mr. MICHAEL seconded a vote of thanks to tho Mayor, for lils Im- partial conduct In tho chair. The CHAIUMAN acknowledged the compliment. Ho said ho thought thcro was a good deal of misunder- standing throughout thu meeting, mid that to somo extent tho minority wero right. Tho meeting winch was largely^ nttondod, did not break up until cloven o'clock; ^ - [Tho petition up to Itßt-ovoninA had been' signed by about 120 persons, aud'xwll\ bo forwarded to Sydney by tho Agnes Irving, ko-mo\row.] , REV. A. E. SELWYN.-AVo fool cortain that many of our readers will loam with cxtromc rcgror, that tho Hov. £A. E. Selwyn, who has so long and ably filled tho "pfllco of minister of tho Church of Etiglund, in tho' Clarence, 1B about to lcavo tho district, liaving been, wa aro informed, offered by tho Bishop of tho diocese, tho appointment of incumbent of Christ ChurchrNcwtoAtle. Wo understand that tho rev. gentleman, Vhosc health has of lato suffered from a somewhat lang residenco in this warm cliinnto, will, in all probability accept tho appoint- ment, though apparently very reluctant to quit a charge, which hom his long connection with has sprung up marty old nnd cherished associations, which will require 'some consideration, beforo finally arriving'ot a decision.^ CONOEIIT.^-On thursday ovonitig Inst, tho members of tho'(Grafton Choral Society gave a concert in aid of the, funds of tho Grafton Hospital. Tho stage was tastefully decorated with ovorgrcotis on the occasion, and in tho centro of two wreaths tho words "Grafton Hospital," wero discernable, evidencing considerable taste. So far as tho concert itself went, wo Inclino to tho opinion that moro practico would have boon an improvement ; however, on tho wholo, tho conceit passed oft" satisfactorily. Tho attendance, on tho occasion, was largo,' tho hall of tho Sohool of'Arts hoing filled lu every part. Tho proceeds, dèrlved from tho concert, amounted to tho very hnndsoiuo sum of £17. NEW MACITSTÇATE,-Mr. W. B. Cntripboll, of Hunter's Hill, Sydney,'has been Gazetted i\ magis- trate of tho colony. \ * \ A NEW Dioaesö.-Tn'o following despatch wns on Thursday laid on tho table of the Loglslatlvo Assembly ¡-." Tho Soorotory of Stato for tho Colonies to Governor Slr John Yoong, Dart.: .Downlng-strcot, 22nd August, 1800, Sir,-I hnvo been apprised by tho Archbishop of Canterbury that lt ls desired' to erect a now dioccso in tho colony of Now South WnlcB, As howovcr, in tho recent case of tho Bishop of Natal, tho Jiidical Committee of tho Privy Council have, declared that her Majesty i has no authority to orcato dioceses in colonies possessing ropresontntlvo institutions, I have boon unnblo to, recommend that tho usual loiters patent should bo.lBBuod, I have boon ndylscd,. how- ovcr, by, tho Law Olupors of tho Crown that a mandato jnuypropdtly be Issued undor tho royal sign manual nhd slguet,\nuthorising tho Archbishop to piacccd Ito tho consecration of a person who wilt exercise oplsoophl functions lu Now South Wales, but lenving tito ecclesiastical authorities of that colony to riotormlna ns they can with tho. clorgyman so oonsecrnted fha geographical limits to willoh his duties oro to bo confined. Such a warrant haB accordingly boon issued in favour of Dr. Snmiiol ItobiiiBon Wnildelow, who, I understand, la to bo ooiisoorntod by the Archbishop, In Canterbury Cathe- dral, on tho 24th Instant, I hnvo, tte,, CAHNAHVON." NEW POST OFFICE. - A post-office will be established at Wollumbin, Tweed River, on the 1st November next. OUR TELEGRAMS - Owing to the Line being down yesterday, we were unable to obtain our usual Telegrams from Sydney, no Circuit being obtained up to a late hour last night. We understand a severe storm passod over Armidale, on Sunday last, on which occasion, the new Store, of Mr. Allingham, 'was blown down'. APPOINTMENTS - Mr. Thomas Bawden, J.P.,J has been appointed Inspector of Cattle in the Clarence district, under the Cattle Diseases Prevention Act; and Mr Thomas Kelly , surgeon, Grafton, 'Government vaccinator for the Clarence and Riohmond districts .- Mr. James Bray, of Dunbiblll, to be assistant registrar; of births, marriages, and deaths, at Tweed river for tho district of Richmond River. TIMBER LICENCES - Dr. Lang, pursuant* to notico, asked tho Secretary for Lands, .whether it was tho intention of Government to lower tho duty on llconaos to eut cedar on tho Richmond Rlvor nnd its tributarios, in accordance with a voto of tho House during last session of Parliament r- Mr. Willson said, "it was;tho intontion ¡of. tho Government to lower tho liconse foo on cedar as well as any; other timber; throughout tho colony. SALE OF CLARENCE RIVER CATTLE - Mr. Buchan Thomson sold at the Victoria Yards, Petersham, on Wednesday week, 67 fat cattle from thc , herd of MOSSTS Bundock, and Barnes, of which 10 wero bullocks, nt from idlGs. to£0 lös, ; and 48 cows, nt'from'ifii2s\tox£S',?st average £7 ia..Od.; .and 4 calves at from£2''ls. 'to £2,10s. eaoh.-Mr. Buchan Thomson sold ort Weanusdny last, 80 hoad of cattlo ';from:Ramornic, bullocks nt from £0 10s. to £0 fis.;, cows: from £6 12s. to\£0 Os. ; nverngo of: tho lot JB7 .0s.- .. ; \ .¡ : < CONSECRATION OF COLONIAL BISHOPS - Yesterday morning there was a large attendance of representatives of most of the leading Families of EAST KENT in the Cathedral Church of Canterbury to Witness the Consecration of 3 Colonial Bishops : THE Rev. Andrew Burn Suter, M.A., of Trinity College, Cambrldgo, incumbent of All Saints Church, Spicer Street, Mile End, Appointed Bishop of Nelson, NZ, in the room of Dr. Hobhouse, Resigned; THE Rev. Henry Lascelles Jenner, L.L.B., of Trinity Hall, Cambridge, Vicar of Preston with Wingham, KENT, Appointed to the newly Founded Bishopric of Dunedin, NZ; and the Rev. Samuel Robinson Waddelow, MA, of St Peter's College, Cambridge, Curate of Bournemouth, Appointed to the Bishopric of Grafton & Armidale, NSW. Morning prayers were said in tho cathedral at eight o'clock. jConghurst's chnnt, " To Doutn," was performed, butrvtcro was no anthem. . Tho con- secration was commcBf ed with the profneo to the Holy 'Communion, tho sermon being prenched by tho Very .Rov. Henry Alford, D.D., Denn of Canterbury, who selected for his toxt tho 21st chapter of St., Luke's Gospel; vorso 30,. KAVntch yo¡ theroforc, arid .always, that yo.may bo accounted worthy to escape t nil thoso things that flhnll come to pass, nnd to stand beforo the Son bf Man." Ile remarked that ns in creation on tho approach of tho storm the minot details of tho prospect wore obliterated, and only thc outlines of tho everlasting hills wero seen, so in a day j of troublo and reproach and blasphemy, whllo dotalh wcro involved in dispute and uncertainty, groa vanities and primhry duties wero moro easily discern, iblc. .Taking tho aommnads of thc toxt in detail, hi ^»jprcBscd them unon\lio patons about to bc conso N'prntcd, ns nboi\ being engaged in tho samo groa ... sj^v.ork to whiclralVio tf» whom .thoy were nddressei wcro "devoted ya particularly urged npon them tin duty of pQteoual*cnrcfulncss ns lenders of tho church and of anxiety for thoso.who would bo committed t 'their spiritual charge Tho Archbishop of Conter bury, having taken his scat\i front of thc altar, th thrco bishops nominated were presented to him li tho Bishop of London in his character of Provincin Denn of Canterbury, with thoso words, Seo., for each -". MoBt Rovorend Father in God, wo present mit you this godly and woll learned man to bo .ordaine and consecrated bishop." Tho chorus of Mondol BBhon from St. Paul, "How lovely n'O tho Mosscn fiers," WU9 Bung by tho choir. Meanwhile th bishops-designate had retired, and on their rcturr 'VCBtcd in their rochets, tho usual addresses wer delivered, and then, having nssumcd thc full episcopt ' habit, they wore formally consecrated by tho imposi tion of tho hands. Tho hymn, " Como, Holy Ghost, was then sung to Tallin's music, and tho service cor eluded with tho 'administration of tho holy corr munion, After; tho cathedral service, whioh wi fully, rendered under tho direction of tho Rov, Robe: linke, M.A., tho precentor, tho archbishop procccdc ..-..'to lay.tho cornor atono of tho Church'of St. Mai . Breden, which is to bo rebuilt.-Daily Kcws, Augu 26th.-It lind boen arranged, Bays tho ¡lome Net of tho 27th of August." that "'tho'Rev, Samuel] Wnddolow should nt the same time bo consecrate; not as Blshojijif Grafton and Armidale, a now Au . tr ni lan diocbso, to whicliUio hus boon designated, bi ns a suffragan to tho Bbihop of Newcastle Son difficulty arising outfof thV unsatisfactory stntoof tl law in regard to tlnA colonial episcopate, howove grobablvprovented tlu^-cv. gentleman from prcsontit 