NEW ZEALAND. GENEEAL CHUTE'b MABCff FEOSt WffAN OANUI TO TABANAKL (From tbe Taranaki Herald, 27th Jany.) General Chute having determined on the altogether extraordinary and unprece dented but excellent plan of coming on to Taranaki through the bush beliind the mountain, the following foroe left Kete marae at 4 a.m. on Wednesdav. the 17th : — Major-General Chute and staff, includ ing Colonel Carey. D.AG., Colonel Gamble, D.Q.M.G,, and Captain Leech, A.D.C; 247 of the 14th under Colonel Trevor, 72 of the Native Contingent under Ensign McDonnell. 44 Forest Rangers under Major Von Tempsky, 38 artillerymen under Lieutenant Carre, with medical staff, Commissariat Transport Corps, Ik, making up the total numbers of G14 men all told. Three days' provision were taken on a large number of pack horses. Before proceeding very far three villages were come to and destroyed, and when the busb bad been fairly entered, a small patty of (armed) rebels were met, and two of them were snot by the Native Contingent, who also captured a little girl whom they have since adopted ; an other one was subsequently shot by one of the Forest Hangers (Duffy), who, by being behind the rest of his company/gol a chance he would otherwise not have had. It is a very noteworthy fact that the littlegirlon beingquestionod, said they had met a party of fugitives trom Kete marae, who told them to go back, as the soldiers were coming along the line ? but they, not believing such a thing possible treated it as a fiction, with the result at' ready stated. The road for the first few mileB was like an avenue, but afterwards it narrowed into an ordinary buah line so that the paok-horses could not e«t along until the supple-jacks and under bush were cleared away to make the Una wider. This made the progress tediously slow, but General Chute determined to go on in spite of the gloomy forebodings and advice of some of his counsellors. It is true that, owinc to the slow progress, the general and his men had to eat three of their horses for want of anything else, but they came out on this side of thirty or forty miles of forest a little more hungry, perhaps, bnt in no other respects worse than when they entered it, having accomplished the boldest and most original move that has yet been made during the war. We should state that though the Native Contingent and others arrived at Mataitawa on Sun day, General Chute remained in the bush until the line was finished and the last of his men had worked their way out which was not till Wednesday. As some people are not aware why Dr. Featherston, the Superintendent of Wellington, accom panied the expedition, we may repeat what has been stated in the Whanganui papers, that the friendly natives refused to proceed without him. When the ex tent of General Chute's success becune known, a public meeting was hastily called, and it was resolved unanimously that he and his men should receive a public reception, and a committee was an pointed to carry this into effect A hand some triumphal arch (finest ever put up in Taranaki) was erected on the Huatoki. bridge, under the able superintendence of Mr. Henry It is about twenty feet high and consists of three arches, one over each footway, and the larger one the full width of the roadway, the whole decorated with flowers and foilage. An address was also resolved on, and drawn up, md as it was felt that the able General could do nothing except through his armv it was decided to give a dinner to the five hundred men composing the force. This w:u- well carried out yesterday by the Licensed Victuallers' Association, a good substantial dinner being provided, accom panied by a pint of beer each, which swelled into something like a quart. The dinner took place at the «amp by the Katere,»ieyond«heWaiwakaiho,and thoueh the weather was not the most favorable the day was treated as a public holi day, and everything passed off very welL Une most important fact must not be omitted, which is that In coming awav -General Chute left orders with the officers at the different outposts to continue ha rassing the enemy on their own account wheuever they thought proper. We have done badiy hitherto, not because we have 'had no success, but because our succes ses have been at such long intervals, and have never been followed up. On the morning of the 20th, General Chute went on board the AhurirL and proceeded beyond the White Cliffs to Tongaporutu and Mokau, but withont discovering any pas or. seeing any consid erable number of natives. He returned in the evening. Bwpiffl of Maximilian. Mons. Drouyn je i'Huys, ob tb« other hu»d promises to withdraw the French tronpB within the space of two years The ' entente cprdiala' between fif ons. Big-iinu, Gene ral Satiofield, and SI one- Drouyn dn L'fluys appears lo he perfect ; but let us bear what is whispered, and have e peep at the OTHER HW OF THE MEDAL, Whilst Schuneld is onrrying out the iDftruciiops ol hie (roverntuent in Pun's, k is said that the United States Consul «t Alexandria .has been handed by the Viceroy of Egypt a protestation Against landing negro troop? to Mexico This protestation is accompanied I sin told (but I am not in a position to S trainee the fact,) by a declaration it die United States government has decided upon not allowing; a monarchy to be set up at its frontier. I cannot as already mentioned, vouch for the truth ot these etH'eoienis, and fpn hardly believe them, however the protestation seems certain. It can, how etet only be said to exist like a sword of Damooles over the bead of the French ?overnment in caBe it should pot seri ously think of evacuating Mexico. I will dwell no longer on this subject which is far from being a topic of uni r«rssl interest. You sre perhaps well aware Mr. JJditor that for a fortnight alter New Year diplomaoy may be said to be at a perfect stand-siil) ; hie is hut a span ; we, however, find means to make it shorter. It will not be until after the opening of the French Chambers that politics will be of interest. The Im perial Government opening speech in forms us of the Emperor's intentions respecting Mexioo.. Apropos of the Emperor the report is false that Leopold had named Napoleon III. his execu tor. When the news of the death of the King- of the Belgians arrived, the Im perial Court was at Compeigne, spend ing its time in the pleasures of the chase and- revelry of every kind worthy of the times of the Regency. I must inform you ttiat the Emperor is very fond of the game of parlour quoits, which be often plays with his cousin the Princess Murut. You have read an account of the rather equivocal tableaux vivants and charades, the passe temps of the Imperil Court,wliich Would leave us to believe that we slmll rsturn to the corrupt times of Louis XV, without either its taste or its witty literary productions. The Duke ol Massa, a young nobleman, not without merit has taken upon himself to fill the place that our great writers used to oocupy at the Court of Louis Ie Granit. He has just treated them with the piece called ' The Commentaries of Gasssr.' The Imperinl guests sneak wonders of the ruiee en seine sna the costumes of the private theatricals at Compeigne. £ISMAHCK DRAWS IN HIS HORNS, As Xhe children suy ot the suiiiU. I mean, that there is not much to be gaid about Prussia, as BiEtnurck findt that Austria can for the present keep out ot his clutches, having been for tunate enough to negotiate a loan of .900 millions. The Emperor Francis Joseph has bow something else to do, Bnd hi.s no tiitne to wrangle with the Prussian Pi eniier about Schleswig-Holstein, and whilst I am writing the Austrian Em peror is opening the Hungarian Diet, and the crisis the Austrian Ministry bas .bad to go through is coming to an end. The question is, whether M. Deatk, (the preponderating chief of the Qunjtarian party,) will propose a coiu pron)it-8 to the Crown, or whether the Crown will follow a conciliatory policy ? Tie Itlter is most likely ; as it is, the reception of the Emperor by the people ties been excellent. It would be pre mature to say anything of the detwuc pient of the present imbroglio. In Italy the debates of the Parlia ment of Florence begin to take a serious turn. Signor Mart, a Conservative, has been named President. I must begin by noting the important diploma tic documents laid on the table by (be President of the Council, General La Marmora, and (he financial accounts by Selk, Minister of Finances. 'Hbe Roman question and the Con vention ot the 19th December, are evi dently the most interesting questions on the tapis. The following orders have been transmitted lo the officials on the Roman frontier. .Every means arc to be uBed to protect the Pope from attack, but as it is not likely that harmony can long reign between the. Pontifical soldiers and those of Victor Emmanuel, the very idea ot their act ing in concert against the brigands, is to be abandoned. The Pontifical and Italian authorities can, however, come to an understand ing as regards general mea-ures to be taken against the brigands. Another document of no less importance, is a circular, dated the 29 ill November, wuioh informs us that the sensation produced in Germany, by the establish ment of better relations with It«ly, has received its contre coup in Vienna. Unfortunately, the Aubtrian Cabinet only consents to treat with certain Italian provinces, in which terms ihe Italian Ministry cannot comply with The circular terminates with the follow ing words :— ' We are desirous that friendly powers (especially those which place the Venetian question in the first rank) should fully understand iW the Tesponsibih'ty must necessarily fall upon twose who are the cause of those evils.' 'Theoonwquence of the respective posi tion of the two monarchies, ' ns rpgHrds' 7Hfe FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SWtiOR SEttA. kTW following »«!«wi&ft;*ut«nidUe account. Your perusal of the samp will convince voii, that the situation is not the best :-^The deficit of 1865 is of 209 millions, and no reduction in the war expenditure. Signor Sella thinks it quite indispensable to reduce the deficit liy a 100 millions:— The following is his pltin i— Thirty millions of economy, an increase of U'O millions on the regis tration of stamps, 20 millions by the taxation of doors and windows, a tax on the grinding of grain, which would produce a hundred millions. In looking further into matters, we presume that (he cramped posi tion of Italy is caused by the finan cial situation of the country, which obliges her to lay on new taxes and take the money out of thi farmers pookets. Hitherto aoouptomerl to a cheap govern ment — the ministerial party in the Chambers has but a slight majority. The radicals who alone may be said to have bad any real influence are in a state of decomposition, the ' Units Italiaisa,' has just died a natural death, for want of means and subscribers Garibaldi himself seems but the ghost of himself; more in the memory of those abroad than in that of bis fellow coun trymen. In consequence of snveral elections which have been cancelled, tbere still remain 60 seats in Parliament to be filled up. Fresh elections, the result ot which may in a great measure modify the number of votes of each party, will take place towards the 29th or 30th of Dec, 1862, the question is will Gene ral La Marmora'aiid his Ministry live until then ? I, for my part, lean to wards the negative. It the situation of Italy is an embarrassed one, that of the Papal government is deplorable in the extreme. MONEY BOAHOE AND THE BIUOAND9 GAIN I NO OHOUND. Money is scarce, so muoh so, that a loan of 49 tuitions has been resorted to at great sacrifice?, in order to alleviate the dreadful monetary crisis ruigniog in Rome for several weeks, where no thing but6mall coin is to be found. The Brigands are furious at seeing their old allies, the Pontifical troops turn against them, they achieve won deisio all the encounters with them, liearing them everywhere. Rsnsler the Popish General was enfuriated at the numerous defeats, apd is calling out for re-iofbrcements in order to crush the Brigands, who curry their auda city so far as to carry on their rob lierries even iu the streets of the eter nal city. It must be remembered that the inheritance of St. Peter is not a bed o( roses, and when the French troops leave Rome the dangers the Holv Father will be exposed to will not lall far short of those of TUB GRACIOUS ISABELLA, QUEEN OF SPAIN. Who after having prudently shunned Madrid whilst the cholera was raging, Iihs made a solemn entry in her capital on i lie 14th instant, where she will awitic her confinement, at which her mother Queen Christina will be pre sent. I am sorry I cannot, give you any account of her Majesty's entry ; report, however, said that the populaj tion of the Spanish capital did not in tend receiving her with great cordi ality. A correspondent informed me that Isabella would even be received with hooting by her exasperated subjects. The King and Queen of Port up ul, on their return from England and France, will only pay a private visit to the Queen ; for the Portuguese envoy in Paris has received certain informa tion that it is the intention of the ' progressist,' called Heriaas, to pre pare a demonstration in honour of tun two royal traveller?: ' Those nre the fruits ol moderate government of every shade in Spain, from Senor Sartoenie to Marshall O'Donnell,' eays the Temps, if there be in the Peninsula an Iberian party which despair ing of the future of the con stitutional government of Isabella, turning its eyes towards Portugal, it is because Portugal gives a Rood example, and her neighbours give way to the contagion of liberal ideas, the case of the Government of the House of Braganga — Coburg. A report was circulated that Spain intended contracting a new loan through the means of M. Periere — a report which has been contradicted. It is even said by the government o) Spain that there is no want of money, and that the budget which wi.l be presented to the Curtes, on the 10th or SDtli January, will show an economy ot sixty millions of reals The message of the United States President has been received in Eng land and in Francs with the utmost .satisfaction, -as well as by all loyal lovers of peace. Every thing leads us to be lieve, that we Bball not he visited by the ecouflge of war. It is not my inten tion to touch upon the president's message, as it will be by this time as familiar to you as to me. I only wish to cull your attention to the fact ot its having been looked upon as a bond in Europe, more especially coming at a time when every thing is in suspense uinl iiDcertHiflty. The cunledarate cruiser and the Mexican question were both causes of anxiety lor the English and the French. It is certain that the United States is most desirous of coming to an understanding with these European powers, and France will no doubt have every opportunity offered it of trotting out of the Mexican scrape. We shall, no doubt, have a convention with Mexico similar to that with the Papal government, called the conven tion ot 29th Sept, I will now leave politics to touch upon matters 'light as Rir' — literary, artistic, and so forth, which occupy the pleasure-seekers of Paris. Muy they be the means of helping you to pats away a tedious hour, and recall to my countrymen with you, at present, things ' tho' absent, yet to memory dear.' 