COLONIJJ^ NWS. Postal Communication viniE Cape. — The Melbourne Age says : — nder date 20th March, it has been comnoicated to Messrs. William Clarke and Sis, by Mr. .B. C. Burstall, the promoter cthe direct line of steamships via the Co) of Good Hope, that .he. has secured near sufficient capital to build twu vessels, theiuilding of which will be shortly commeed. It is Mr. Burstull's intention shortly) visit the Australian colonies in the iutests of his company. Opening of the Roman Catholic School, Rocky Point.— The w school- house erected at this place, inonnection with the Denominational Boardwas open- ed on the 15th instant. The sool-house is a neat and commodious buling, and will be used as a church whe occasion needs. The district is under thcontrol of the Rev. J. M. Garaval, by who mass was celebrated in the new buildinghe sermon being preached by the Rev. EN. Wool- frey, of Waverley. Advantagesere taken of the occasion by the rev. past to invite the children of the Cook's Riv school to a feast in conjunction with t children attending the new school. Thlay being fine, the children (after being raled with cake, fruit, lollies, &c;, &c.;,) enjed them- selves in all kinds of sports, in uch they were joined by their pastor d Father Woolfrey, who gave prizes forunning, jumping, &c;, which caused a friecy rivalry between the several competitors Several hymns having been sung, thechildren reached home about 5 o'clock, unccident of any kind having occurred to mr the day's sports. — S.M. Herald, May 8. ? —? — - — ? ? — ? ~_~ 'Australasian Union' in Edinburgh. — An esteemed correspondent sends us tho following extract from a letter written by tin old friend of many of our readers, Mr. T. W. Robinson, who, though now in Scot land, retains a strong interest in Australian uffttirs, especially in the welfare of the dis trict with which he was so long connected. He says : — ' Some returned Australians ore endeavouring to form an association to be called the ' Australasian Union/ upon the principle of a club, to afford those at home an opportunity of meeting and spending a pleasant social evening together, to give in formation to intending emigrants, as well as to parents who have lost all traces of their children and friends. It includes all the colonies, and it was thought there might be present some from each colony who could render information to applicants. It is hoped those intending to return will find us out, and enrol themselves members dur ing their stay. In order to bring the asso ciation prominently forward we had a public dinner on the 15th inst. (March) in the new Cafe Royul. About twenty sat down to dinner, and your humble servant was chair man, and made his first speech in Edin burgh, which was well received. The croupier was a Mr. Ritchie, from Victoria.' We observe that the ' Edinburgh Courant,' of the 9th March, gives some account of the meeting, at which the Union was for mally established. The puragraph is as follows : — ' Last night a number of gentle mcu who nuve leiurnea witiuu the last lew years- from Australia and New Zealand met in the Cafe Royal, Register-street, to con sider the propriety of forming a union or club. Mr. T. W. Robinson, late of East Maitland, was called to the chair, and, in stating the object of the meeting, said he thought a uuion such as they proposed would serve two purposes— first, it would be the means of bringing gentlemen who had returned from those distant colonies into closer communication ; and, secondly, it would afford useful and reliable informa tion as to the state of the country to per* sons intending to emigrate. He had been in the colony of New Soth Wales from the year 1837 till 1801, and when lie returned home he was very much surprised at the vague and, in some instances, erroneous in formation which had been diffused regard ing the state of nfFairs in the prospering colony. He was fully assured that there was a3 good society to be met with in Aus tralia as in Great Britain. Mr. Ritchie |jmyuocu iuui a society, sucn as nua been described, to be called the ' Australasian Union,' should be formed. This was se conded by Mr. Mocpherson, and unani mously agreed to. The meeting then pro ceeded to the election of office-bearers, and a special committee to arrange the rate of subscription, and draw up rules and regu lations.-' -A yote of thanks to the chairman dosed the proceedings.' — Any attempt to recommend the Union to notice seems superfluous ; the advantages it offers are obvious. Some time ago a similar union was projected in London ; but as many of our successful colonists, on returning to Europe, are more likely, from old associa tions, to make their rendezvous in the North, the establishment of the new club will, no doubt, lead them, as Mr. Robinson suggests, to enrol themselves members of the ' Australasian Union1' in Edinburgh. We should be clad to see the idea extended. and Australasian Unions established in Dublin also ; and in other large towns of the United Kingdom, wherever practicable. Sudden Death of Dr. George West. — The death of this gentleman took place on Monday night last, at his residence, Bourke-street, at the ago of sixty-three. On Monday afternoon, he attended to give evidence at an inquest respecting the death of the late Mr. Joseph Bayliss, and on his returning home in his carriage from the Railway Hotel, where the inquest had been held, he romarked to a gentleman who was accompanying him, placing his hand on the region of his heart at the time, thut he thought he should be the next on whom an inquest would have to be held. He reached home about six o'clock ia the evening, and about eight o'clock, feeling very unwell, he retired to bed. Between 10 and 1 1 o'clock the same evening, a mes sage arrived requesting his immediate at I.Plifl fin /*n at tlia rvnrtl nn/1 tli-* *--?**??* n « l J._ .. 1_ the message upstairs, when she found him in bed engaged reading his Bible j the mes sage havingbeen delivered, he with difficulty raised himself up in bed for the purpose of writing an answer, but the erect position in which it was necessary for him to sit to write brought on great pain and palpitation of the heart j he got out of bed, and went downstairs into the yard, but soon returned, and requested the servant to send immedi ately for Dr. O'Brien, which she did ; Dr. 'O'Brien promptly attended, but deceased expired soon aflerwurds. The cause of death was disease of the heart, from which he had suft'ured for some years. He came to this colony about fifteen years age, and suc ceeded the practice of Dr. George Fullerton. He has for many years been visiting surgeon to the gaol at Darlinghurst, and also to the penal establishment at Cockatoo Island. In his profession, he ranked very high. He was eaucateu at JJUDUn, aud was a profes sor of anatomy in the College of Surgeons of that city j he was also, for several years, surgeon at the Longford Infirmary, Ireland. His wife was the daughter of Dr. Curby, a very eminent surgeon in Dublin. He was a great counoisseur of the fine arts, and pos sessed oue of the finest collections of oil paintings in the colony, and also some very beautiiul specimens of sculpture and works of art in general, and his taste for music was no less ardent. He leaves a wife and a numerous family, most of whom ore grown up aud married ; they are all at present in Queensland. A telegram was last evening forwarded to Mrs. West, acquainting her of tho death of her husband, but no reply has eon received. The Oody has been placed in a leaden coffin. Many of his old patients and friends, rich and poor, yesterday, paid a visit to his late residence to ascertain the truth or otherwise of the report of his death, which had circulated through the city ot an early hour in the morning. The City Coroner has deemed it unnecessary to hold an inquest. — Herald, May 10. The John Williams. — The arrival of the missionary ship John Williams has been anticipated with much pleasure for some time past. She was purchased by the con tributions of Sunday-school children, and is devoted to the purposes of the London Missionary Society. She arrived at Port Adelaide on Friday, May 4, having on board five missionaries and their wives — Mr. and Mrs. Michie, Mr. and Mrs. Watson, and Mr. and Mrs.-Davies, whose destination is the group of Samoa Islands ; also Mr. and Mrs. Saville, who go to Huahine ; and Mr. and Mrs. Chalmers, who will labour in Ra raiongo. these missionaries are all young, and are prepared to enter upon their work' with high courage and zeal. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland, agent for the London Mis sionary Society in Australia, who came over from Melbourne specially to receive the missionaries on their^rriyal here, met them ut the Port on Friday morning, and brought them and their wives up to town, where they were speedily located amongst several fami lies. A special meeting of the Committee of the Society was held in Freeman-street Vestry ia the afternooo, at half- past three; the Rev. C. W. Evan in the chair. The missionaries were present, and were intro« duced to the meeting by the Rev. Mr. Sun uurmuu. .ttrrungemenis were made for their occupying the pulpUs of several churches to-morrow and the following Sun day, A Committee was afterwards ap pointed to arrange for the conveyance of Sunday-school children by rail to tli9 Port on Wednesday and Thursday to visit .the ship, and we have no doubt a large number will avail themselves of the opportunity of seeing this interesting vessel. A public meeting will be held on Tuesday evening in 1 Dmlmofa f!Kui*r»li ? f \tn I3n» T..l».~ /'i ? i ? »_ v»uIUiuiu Nst*u»\su wig jlvdvi uuuu uraruuer c — when the rev. missionaries will be present and address the meeting. We believe the John Williams will remain here till Monday week, when she will proceed on her course, calling at Melbourne, Hobart Town, aud Sydney, and theu go on to the South Sea Islands — Adelaide Observer, May 5. The Rev. J. M. Day.— Intelligence has been received that the Rev. Messrs. Brock and Landells, of London, have selected Mr. Day as minister for the Baptist Church o't Mount Gambier, and the reverend gentle man has intimated his acceptance of the posl. He was to leave England about the first week in April. Mr. Day is from Uegent's Park College, London, and has spent the usual curriculum there.--Adelaide Observer May, 5. BeOTHUOTXTE PlUli Al HOUA.tlAMl'1-UN. — The Northern Argus states that, shortly before 2 o'clock on Saturday morning; May 12th, the inhabitants were suddenly startled - mini Liiuu- ueus dj me loua peaimg ot tlie fire-bell. The streets were soon filled with crowds running to the scene of the con flagration, which first broke out in the stables aud washhouse of the Criterion Hotel, belonging to Mr. Nobbs. The build ings being all of wood, the flames spread with terrible rapidity, canopied over with a dense column of smoke, which rose ond eddied in fantastic wreaths over the burning mass. The fire-engine was a long time before it reached Quay-street, and then, from the confusion that prevailed and the wunt of combiued effort, was for a long time useless. Ihe out-buildings soon went down. For tunately, by the eflorls of the employees oJ the Argus, and some others, who arrived early, the billiard-table and boat beneath the verandah were saved. The flames crept from the stable to the billiard-room, which had a zinc roof, through which the blaze shot in blue and copper-coloured hues, throwing out an intense heat. The roof soon fell in, and not a pail of water had yet been thrown. The verandahs connecting the billiurd-rootn with the main building were torn down, and this helped to save it. In the meantime, the flames were carried by the wind which blew freshly from the east to the premises of 'Leigh and Co., produce merchants, in Little Quay-street, aud though a little energy in the beginning and a few buckets of water might have saved tlnm, they were soon totally burnt to the ground. The hose was brought to play at last, and the fire being confined, was soon put out. A quantity of kerosene arid gun powder stored in their cellars continued to explode, but without doing any injury. About half-past three o'clock all danger was uvci. *vu uiiueismnu inai iur. iNouos place was not insured either in stock or furniture. The loss will fall heavily on the Messrs. Leigh and Co., as they also were not insured, No serious accident happened, though there were several narrow escapes. Captuin Chatfield, of the Boomerang, with his usual coolness and promptitude in danger, lent valuable assistance with his crsw, and a few more like him, if sooner at the scene of the fire, would have put life into the crowd and saved much valuable property. ' MoiflJjtENT to Captain Cook.— At the invitation of Captain Watson, a number of gentlemen met last evening, at Williams's Hotel, King-street, to make preliminary arrangements for the ereotion of a memorial to Captain Cook. Amongst those present were the Mayor ; Mr. Hovel!, the explorer, who, in company with Hume, opened the overland route to Victoria, then Port lJhil lip j Messrs. Alexander, Kemp, Driver, and Pickering, M.L.A.'s. Mr. Sulton, Mayor of Sydney, having been moved to tho chair, Mr. Georgo Thornton was appointed hono rary secretary, and the objects of the meeting havingbeen stated at some length, Mr. 11. W. Driver, jun., proposed that a requisition be present*! to tho Right worshipful tho Mayor requesting him to convene a public meeting for the purpose of^ktoTT| arrangements to ereet a 2Jt 1 memory of Captain Cook Si was seconded by Alderm'n M carried unanimously, where!- *l tion in accordance w th he TVl sent, and pressed to T I' who expressed his intent n4 to comply therewith ,t °n « resolved that Messrs. ?pL'*' sor i, Driver .Alexander, » and Hanson be appointed *7. make the arrangements necesC proposed public meeting. A Vn f ° was presented to the Mayer Cg ^thecha.randthemeeti^' Capture of a Live Crocod,,. amba seems to be a favouring these gentry, who have probably J up the river by steam traffic, if? judge by the number captured 1 there. Ihe present scaly monst{; *-»,». u, upon naming m a regal, as he thought of the finny' tribeY to his surprise he bad got hold 'of! customer, who was wrapped Jj round in the net. As it «« dark i discovered the nature of hiB game 1 Iy left him bogged until the next 'Bi when he drew him ushore andseJ head and tail with lasMngs, andloJ to town, ,vher3 he is to be exhibited animal measures ten feet in length -. a splendid specimen of his kind.— L Argus, May 12. ?i^&oovisiiY; of a Valuable ]L It is reported (says the S. A. H* that a discovery of tin has been Kangaroo Island. About f0Dr „ months ago, WQ hear a man namedft had his attention drawn to a reeforl an unusual appearance. He toot. stones from the surface, and ifocei hole has been sunk upon thelodeloij Hie mineral improved on going don I of about seven feet, and the appear stones of the ore were sent to townlom ond it has been positively stated U !'' „, ^orniBh tin'ers who km, the stuff feel convinced that it is tin % this prove so, the discovery will beoii importance if it exists in sufficient^ ties to be turned to use. A Band of GipsiEs.—The On Guardian mentions that the first n seen in Australia passed through On tho other day, en route for Mi Although they can scarcely be ml new arrivals, as they have been mh years m the colony, they bear abort all the marks of the gipsy. The it stick to the . old dress, ond are sul anxious as ever to tell fortuues; bm soy that this game doe9 not pay in.! tralia, as the npnpln — -o-,'oO \Jj here as they ure at home. ?Old'' ™ Joe ' is a native of Northumberlati,! has made a good deal of money eveii ing his short sojourn hero. They It offer themselves, generally, asfortunettS hut if required and paid, they willalc ' read your palm.' At present ibeyol: a livelihood by tinkering and mil sealing wax. iheir time during the! week has been principally taken t| hunting out bea«' nests, which nren profitable, as they not only sell the k but, after purifying and refining then manufacture it into beautiful toys.so in colour and transparency, that it is be almost impossible to guess the mala A Successful Experiment in k matisation. — Mr. Youl enclosed in tbi house with the salmon ova two bundls heather and a few shrubs, as anexperii; to try this plan of sending trees. Up; arrival of the Lincolnshire these seres over to Mr. Mitchell, of the ExperinK Farm, who has reported upon them as i i — 'w uidb uuuiu VI bliOt UUU BIW' ? two species of heath (vulgaris and cilit iii| three plants of each, sent out on thesmi of the ice-bin along with the salmim ' arrived here in the most perfect condm ?e possible. Indeed there is not even a dew ?* leaflet on the heaths, ond the whole «d plants are in as perfect health as if Ibeji only been lifted out nof the nursery on day they were handed over to me bj) , Sprigg. The success of the experimti regard as complete. — Launceston Examii », May 11. ' A Ghost Story. — For some time f lt the town of Portland lfas been frequed Sl alarmed, says the Western Times, b[ u ghost making occasional visits totfou ous plaoes, chiefly in the neighhouriooii 'i the Botanical Gardens. The follow ^ story which wo have heard on good auto ? rity, it is to be hoped, will set at rest maDji -ai the reports circulated about the town u ' neighbourhood. Last week, as a Iaboc residing in the direction of the Double fa f nor was returning home., he managed' ?? come into contact with one of these so-fl! - ed ghosts. On first observing it them ; stopped; seeing, however, that there wjsi ? movement in it, he approached a little n« er and stopped again. He did the biW J second and third time, when I j had got near enough to kicFM -, on bo doing, to his astonishment I -, foil to the ground. It being too J* ? to inspect this ghost the place wssfl*'1 ed in the morning, when the man foo» that instead of kicking what he \id '' ? , taken it to be, he had knocked down a I' '?% palings with some white clothes nailedopC ? i them in the form of a man. Bathurst. — A meeting, in aid of » '? j Irish State prisoners, was held at Mr. a' na's Hotel, on the Mth instant, whenW | was subscribed. 