[?] artist conceived himself aggrieved, and forth with produced a sketch of his supposed re viewer engeged in a very dyspeptic -ttbood up5tV a criticism Of hifi newbobk. A cat,fin ktt^aapt- ' jilg an affectionate purr, Is savagely kicked, and the pletore is 'Further heightened with other . pleasantries. The sketch has been placed in the shop-Window near Leicester- square where - the artist made his with the objectibaablo . criticism beneath,' aud the noliets frbm Tim - Times, the Saturday Review, and other joarhal^ arranged moand i* triumph.. Crowds Of -peo- ple, we are told, block up the pavement id oAold'fhiB nefr styleof appeal against an art criticism. . . - . , . -ExTRAasbrsASV Fact. —Lteutehaht-CoIonA . W. A. IS. Wright, Royal Mariners, has been rt^ _ ijently transferred oupromotioa -from Plymouth ^ t j the division at Portsmouth, On Saturday, ^ the 30th of December, a favourite cat. was secured iu a basket and -forwarded by the 'South Devon Railway to Portsmouth, Where it w.»s received ''in the colonel^ new residence. The cat Temainiia the Saturd^- inght^ but was 'missed on the Sunday. .On 'Wednesday, -the 3rd of January, it was observed in the -^arde:i ' in the rear of its master's formSr residence ht Storehouse (Plymouth), now unoceopied, and has since been fed by an officer of -the comj I who lives adjoining How it managed to fisicl ft 3 way baeksj grs»t a distiuce' in so short a ; I time seems inexplicable. SoXF.THING X.IK.K A G%D DtSCOViaV.— rTh6 Siilt Lake Telegraph of the 11th .of November , has the following-:—' The biggest thing yet In the gold-mining Hue, surpassing the Mont Cenis story, is reported discovered at Dry GulcL, four miles from Helena, Montana. The Post talks of-^ * millions lyihg %rdhnd loose,' and the' vast amount of gold discovered ' the standard ef gold valuation throughout the com mercial world.' It is stated that Mr. Brown, s» German or Norwegian, has discovered a gold deposit which in richness and extent has per haps no parallel in the history of goltl mining. The -edge has been traced fall seventy-^ ve feet. We give the following gtowing description of the Pas/ i —' Gold in almost solid masses gEt ?tered before his bewildered vision. For- two - weeks longer, unknown to others, he tunnelled Into the golden wall. Secreted aLout hiin, he had accumulated several gunny-sacks literally .filled, with the precious metal; wheti longer ... secrecy became impracticably from Ae ^rery ' ' extent of his unexpected wealth, Mr. Brown proceeded to record aud secure propertv, when the public were irfformed, of fee great fiscoveiy. It is eaid that he now keebs a strong - guard night and day, over his seemingly incora- ' r putable wealth, while, he himself, unassisted, delves ipto the golden wall around, and con tinues iftftntiplying his sacks of precious ore. One person who wis admitted into Mr. Brown's drift, states that it presented a scene of wealth more akin to a . picture of imagination than actuality. Gold 5 gold ! gd-ld ! met the view o.^ every side — above, below, and all round — and reflected back its rich hues in the glare of the candles, ta if this subterranean vault had been iewn oat of a solid ledge, fully fifty feet in width. The fold vein is three feet in width— - - — three=-fourths of the entire substance therein being pure gold; the remainder mainly bismuth, i Ou each, side of this vein 'there is a casing of one fool of quartz, which will assay from 500 dollars te *,000 dollars to the ton. The very wall-rock is rich.' ' — Toronto Globe. . Trvwg to Ap^HKEtEsb ajt Elephant. ? Re- cently, Messrs. Stranger's troupe left Man chester for Dundee between one and two o'clock in the morning. The elephant was ridden down Market-street by his keeper, and sach an unwonted sight at that hour in the morning so ; frighreaed some pedestrians, returning from a party, that they ran screaming into one of the side streets. . This attracted the attention of a constable dE the A division, who remonstrated with the keep .-r for riding the elephant through the street at such an hour.. Some high words - had passed between them, when the constable sough't to exercise his authority ; but the ele phant distinctly intimated^ his disapproval of sue i a proceeding, aud the policeman narrowly escaped a blow from the animal's trunk. Nothing daunted, the policeman obtained the help of some brother constables, and thev ' nm ceededto the Victoria station. The elep'jan® and his keeper were by this time in the pox,. about t » start by the two a.m. train, and' the police endeavoured to get at the keeper. He called |'Charley, Charley^' aud the intelligent ereaiure gave a loud roax^ and struck at the police with Ms' 'ttttni^ but fortunately massed tlien^ and made the side of the box resound with the force of the blow. This convinced the police that the elephant was too much for them, and they retired — itcm- theslir Guardian. A Short Romance.— On the 5th of October, died at F cankfort-on-the-Oder, dghty -five yaars old, in the Holy Ghost Hospital, Louise Doro thea Schulze, of Demmin, in Pomerania. The late Professor Ackerman^ friend of Theodore Sorner, and Jager in LutXow's Frieschaar^ made the following extraordinary communica tion oil the life of this extraordinary woman:— Louisfe Schuize fled from her home daring the wedding procession, to a distant church, which, wedding was to bind her, by the will of her parents, to a Mecklenburg gentleman, Vohn Habn, whom she hated, and who was deformed. ' In her blrldal dress she. threw herself into a boat, was rowed down the Prene, and joined SehilTs corps, in which she served till the taking of Stralsond, where she was made prisoner by a French Soldier, who, we expect, was not deformed, for she married her captor subsequently. Her husband fell in Spain ; her on!y son served in the- Prussian armyj but died D6 ori her. She lived at Frankfort on a small Piiisian ^paiiMon.— Aihencaau [ Windage. — The ffre was to terrific tliat I found one of our reserve batteries, not actively4 engaged at the moment, entirely deserted by it3 gunnei^ who had sought protection witlx the horses in a deep ravine, and cried out to me to dismount and join them; otherwise certain death must be my fate. I pushed on, and reached the point of my destination in safety j but, galloping back, I felt a stunning blow ajros* the spine, and* at the same moment my hors-j rolled over with me. I was Confident that the animal had been struck by a cannon-ball ; but to my great surprise; I was unable to discover any wound; As I was myself unhurt, I re mounted my brave animal, and continued my ways A solid shot had passed close to my horde's back, and the current of air set ill motion by ips passage had knocked over both n)rse and liler. Afterwards, during the war^ I witnessed many, similar cases of prostration of men and animals by ' windage.' — Mtmuiri ojl&e; Co Jf Je att iVar. As Aaciext Ship. — -An oaken vessel; nearly ' twelve feet beam, about foar and a half feet deep in themidtJi, rising to about ten feet bow and sl^rn; and evidently desigiied for swift sailing, has recently been discovered imbedded .five feet deep in a m-trsh at«SlenslK«» Schles wig Bunic inscriptions ou 'the tnnl-er point to a date in the second century after Christ, and yet' the wood is, comparatively speaking; sq little decayed that the whole ship has been removed and repaired, with a view to its careful preservation. In the portion of the ship ap parently devoted to cooking, or at ienst dining, were found * the inscriptions referred to, as a'so bore* of animals, ussd for - food, lances,, and other weapons. As so bnioaa boaeS *38 found, it is presumed that the vessel put iu for safety fro n an enemy and had been sunk or abandcxicd. The rudder, quite of* I n'od*rn fonn, wjs dhcoverei iu iti Ldr^ial joaitfou. 