TIIE OCLAIMS OF PI'RINOISS OT,IVE. RYVES V. 'THEi ATTOR1NI'Y-GNOEIRAL. (1'romi the hole ew's.) Ix the divorceo court on June 1, boefore the Lord Chif- JTustico Coekburn, the lord chief baron, and theo judgo-ordinary, and a spoeial jury. Dr. J. WV. Smith and Mr. D. M. Thomas for the petitioner; with the attornoey-general woro the solicitor-gonoral, the Quoeen's advo cato, lr. Hannon, and Mr. R. Bourkeo. .ii.tllhis suit, which was a petition under the Loeitimacy Declaration Act, the peti tionor, Lavinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, of 24, Georgina-stroot, Oamdon-town, prayed that her mother, Olive Wilmnot "orres, may \--bo-doeclared to be thoe logitimato daughter of IIonry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, and of Olive Wilmot, his wife. The loarned counsel (Dr. Smith) oponod the case at con siderablo length, but the faeets lio within a narrow compass, and will boe boat stated by being thrown into the form of a narrativo. The Rev. Dr. Tamos Wilmot, tho petoi tionor's groat grandfathor, was educated at Trinity College, Oxford, of which hlie subso quently becamo a Follow. Early in his career-but at what prrticular dnto does not appear-lieho contracted a private but legal marriage, according to a certificato undor his own hand, with the Princess of Poland, daughter of Stanislaus, last king of thatI country. The issuo of such marriago was one child, It daughter, Olive. As she grow up, she attracted much attontion in conso quoence of her beauty and accomplishmnts ; and at the ago of ninoteoen a formal ofaor of marriago wias irindo to hler by his Ihoyal Highness Henry Freoderick, Duko of COun Lorland, the brother of King Georgo the Third. Tho oller was accopted, and tho marriago took place on the ,4th March, 1767, at the houso of Lord Archor, in Grosvonor street. The ceoromony was privato; it was performod by the Rov. Dr. Wihnot, the brido's fiatlhor, and it was witneossed by the Earl of Cliatham (thon Mr. Pitt), the Earl Warwick, and Lord Archoer. It is alleged that the duko's brothor, King Georgo the Third, was also present. His royal highness grow tired of this union in the corseo of it fow years, and on the 2nd Octoboer, 1771, his first wifo, the Princess Olivo, being then alive, ho contracted a second and bigamous marriago with Lady Ann Horton, daughter of Simon, first Earl of Corhampton, and widow of Christophor Horton, Esq., of Cotton-hall, in the county of Dorby. On the 3rd April, 1772, tho Princess Olive was delivorod at Warwick of a femalo child, who was also called Olive, and some fetow years afterwards that unhalppy lady died in Franco, it is said of a brokeon heart. K*ing George was so indigsnant at the con duct of his brother that he roefunsed to the last to receive him or Lady Horton at court; but knowing the consequences to which his bigamous marriage exposed him, his Majosty did all in his power to screen him from the consequences of his guilt. Ho dirooted that the infant Olive should be re baptized, and reopresented as the child of Robort Wilmot, iDr. James Wilmot's brother; but he at the same time took overy precau tion that, while he shieldod the Dukeo of Cumberlanud from the legal consequences of his crime, he should in no way impugn the reputation of the lawful Duchess Olive or the legitimacy of her infant daughter. With this view, his Majesty from time to time put the royal sign-manual to several certificates, all in acknowledgment of the legitimacy of his niece Olive, and likewise mado teomporary pecuniary provision for her support, as appears by the following document: This is to declare that Lord Chatham binds him self to pay to the Duke of Cumberorland's infant daughter the yearly sem of £500 during the said Olive's lifo, until a more suitabloe provision in made for her-acting by the command of his Ml\aesty. In witness and confirmation of the same his lordship places his lignature, this let day of May, 1773. (Signed) RnolcT WILMOT. J. WILttie Oeillan It. CIOnaT'iu. Apparently on the same date not only was there a now acknowledgment of the legiti maoy of the infant, but a further provision was made for its support, as was shown by the following document: George 1.-We declare the birth of Olive, the intent of the Dukes of Cumberland, by Olive, his duchess, to be legitimato, who is condemned to ,privacy by the act of bigamy committed by her royal father. (Signed) \r?itwAicc. CarsATm.tr. J. Wu?Mor. J. Doss?ao. eow Palace, May 1, 177 -. Georgeo .-Whereas we command that £5000 be applied for the boneit of Olive, the infant of our brother. (Signed) WAlwICK. Having thus borne testimony to o the legitimacy of the child, amd made provision for its maintonanco, the King further doter mined to confer upon her distinction that ihad never previously boon borneo by any but members of the royal family. IIo accord ingly, in the following grant, onnobled the princess when only a little more than one year of age: George R.-W-Vo hereby are pleased to create Olive of Cumberland Duchess of Lancaster; and to grant our royal authority for Olive, our said niece, to bear and use the title and arms of Lancaster, should sihe be in existence at the period of our royal dumise. Given at our Palace of. St. James's, May 21, 1773. (Signed) COnAruxx?. J. Deu.xlso. :Seven years afterwards, and notwithstand ing the decease of its unfortunato mothor, who died in France in 1774, the King still re -tained his affectionate interest for the infant, .and:his anxiety to repair as far as possible the injustice which was being done to liher. He in consequence attached his sign-manual to the following document: 'George R.-We are hereby pleased to recommend yOlive, our niece, to our faithful Lords iand Commnons :for-protoction and support, should she be in existence at the period of our royal demise, such being Olive Wilmot, the supposed daurghter of Robert Wilmot, of Wari'wick. .(Signed) .J. Dussx?e. IRourer \W'ILor. 7th January, 1770. S~.di ?ainothoer dito, 'also, Julio 2, 1774, his Afrijesty mado pirovision for her in the follow ing dboumont, which many years later, in 1822, 'an effort was made to establish as a will. 'It ran thus:- - ' St. James's. :George IR.-In case of our royal domise, we give 'and bequeath to Olive, our brother of Cumberland's -darighter, the sum of £15,000, commanding our heir and successor to pay the same, privately, to our said 'niece, for her use, as a recompenso for the misfor 'tunes she may have known through her father. Witness, J. Du.vssxo. CHATnAM. June 2, 1774. WAwiicK. :Those and the other documents connected ,with the marriage were deposited with Lord Waarwick, whom the learned counsel stated he should be able to show was also a mem ber of the royal family and cousin of the Princeoss Olivo. TTo hold thorn as trusito on tho undorstanding that thoy should not he made public until after Georgo the Third's doath. Ile, however, hocamo seriously ill in 1815, and hon, l'ooling that his death, which took place in the course of tho follow ming year, was approaching, he delivored up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. 09orros, in the prosonco of his Royal High noess the Into Dulco of Kont. Tho Princess Olive thon for the first timno bcnamo awre of her roal parentago and position. She hlid boon roared in the family of Mr. Robert .Wilmot, but her tasto for draw ing was such that shlo was brought up to London in 1791 with tho vioew of affording hor an opportunity of cultivating the talent. Iero sheo becamo acquainted with Mfr. John Thomas 8orros, a paintor of marino subjects, and was married to binim on the lst of Septomber, 1702. Of this marriango four childron wore the result. Thi two oldest died young; the third, the potitionor, was born on the 16th Mlarch,. 1797; the fourth, a daughter, born in 1802, also survives. Domestic difforonceos aroso betweeoon the father and mother, and in 1803 a formal separation took placo under the provisions of a dooed. It is alleged that on the delivory up of thie papers by Lord Warwick, the Du)ko of eolnt over afterwards recognisod iM;rs. Sorres as his cousin, and that he actually allowed her £,100 a year whilo ho lived. Those are the facts of the case so far as they boar on the umarriago of the Duklo of Ounmberland with Olive Wilmot. Eflbforts havo in vain boon made for nearly half a century to obtain a recognition of it, but until the passing of the Legitimacy Doclara tion Act no legal proceeding could he instituted to establish it. The act was passed in 1858; in 1850 Mrs. Ilyves (who conducted her own case) presented ia petition and obtained a decree declaring the validity of the marriago of MIr. John Thomas Sorros with Olive Wilmot; and she now sooks, by the present proceedings, to establish the legitimacy of her mother, who, in the suit of 1859, was simply treated as Olive Wilmot, and not as the Princess Olive. The docu monts relied on in support of the marriage of the Duke of Oumberland and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerous, and they contain what purport to be sixteen signa tures of Lord Chatham, twelve of IMr. Dunning, (afterwards Lord Ashburton), one of Lord Archor, twelve of George III., eighteen of the Duke of Kent, thirty-two of the Earl of Warwick, thirteen of Dr. Wil mot, one of the Duke of Cumberland, and one of his wife. And reliance is also placed on a portrait of the Princess Olive, which it is said boears a striking likeness to the royal family. In order to acconunt for the pains which King George III. was at to shield the Duke of Cumberland from the penal conso quences of his crime of bigamy, it is alleged that his M[ajosty himself was also guilty of bigamy, and that this fact was within the knowledge of his brother and the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, who, on the 17th April, 1759, por foroed the ceremony of marriage betweeoo his Msajesty. and lemnnalt Lightfoot. This marriago was colebrated twice. On' the first occasion the lady was orrono Dusly described as Hsannah Wheeler, and Ioenoe the necessity for a second soleomni sation. TLhe first was performed at Kow; tie second at Pecklhanm. In respect of this narriage there are the following cortifi cates: This is to solemnly certify that I married George, Princo of Wales, to Princess IHannah, his first con sort, April 17, 1759, and that two prinlces and a princess wOre the issue of such marriage. J. WmiteT. London, April 2,"176-. This is to certify to all it may concern that I law fully married Georgo, Prince of WVales, to Hannah Lightfoot, April 17, 1759, and that two sons and a daughter are the issue of such marriago. J. Wit?OT. OnATrIA. J. DuansNo. April 17, 1760. The marriago of those parties was this day duly soleomnisod at Kow Chapol, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, by myself. Witness to this marriageo, WILLtao? PITT. J. WIlMor. ANNa TAYLER. GcoaRGn P. ]IAN.,-A10. lMay 27, 1759. This is to certify that the marriago of those parties (Georgo, Prince of Wales, to H]annah Lightfoot) was duly solomnisod this morning, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, at their rosidonco, at Peookham, by myself. Witness to the marringo of thoes parties, WILLIALT PrIT. J. W\rIIO.. AN.E TAYLER. GrEOOE GUncirPH. IIANNAL LouITnFOOT. I heoroby certify that Georgo, Prince of Wales, married Iannah WVheoler, alias Lightfoot, April 17th, 1750; but from finding the latter to be her right name, I solemnised the union of the said par ties a second time, IMay 27th, 1759, as the cortili cates affixed to this paper will confirm. J. WmLor.T. Hampstand, July 7, 1762. Provided I depart this life, I recommend my two sons and my daughter to the kind protection of their royal tihther my husband his Majesty George 111., bequeathing whatovor property I may die los sossed of to such doear offspring of our ill-fitted mar ringo. In case of the death of such my children, I give and bequeath to Olive Wilmot, the daughter of my best friend, Dr. Wilmot, whatever property I m ontitled to or possessed of at the time of my death. Amon. HANNA1u . eo INA. Witness, J. De?s?,io, WTILLIAM Prrr. In a momorandum bearing date Juno, 1780, Dr. Wilmot directed his granddauglh ter to eoop secret all the papors connected with this marriage unless deserted by the royal family, whon sohe might use them no cording to expedioncy. The marrigoe of Georgo the Third with the Princess Char lotto took place in 1761, and Hannah Light foot was then alive. In the course of Dr. Smith's stateomoent, The Lord Chlliof-Baron, who bitterly com plained that such scandals should be raked up without necessity, pointed out to the learned gontleman that lihe stood in this dileomma: If the allogod marriago botweon the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot' took place, then the marriago of their daughter with Mr. Sorres was illegal, as being in contravention of the Royal Marriage Act; and if, on the other hand, the marriage of the now so-called Princess Olive to Mr. Sorros was established, supposing such mar ringo to have boon without the royal consent, then clearly the Princess Olive must have boon illegitimato, and no marriage could have taken place between her mother and the Duke of Cumberland. Dr. Smith was understood to say that he could not show that the marriage of the Princess Olive to Mr. Sorros was with the royal consent; but he should submit that it was legal under the act as being a marriage into a foreign family. The Judgo-Ordinary also pointed out, if the marriage of George the Third with Hannah Lightfoot was relied on, any de claration of the Duke of Kent as to the tantion of Olive Wilmot could not be received, as, if' the iarriago d(id take place, his Rloyal Ilighunss would be illegitimate. But if the narriage did not take pIace, was the cortifi cate a forgery? and if one, why not all? The Attorney-General said bIe should be ablo to show that the whole matter was a tissue of fraud, fabrication, and forgery, and that the only excuse for it would be found in insanity. The further hearing of the case was ad journed till next day. Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent proceedings: On the case being resumed on June 2 seoveral witnesses wore called to prove the birth and position of Dr. Wilmot, and the authonticity of soeveral certificates signed by him. The petitioners' attorney also produced n portrait of the Princess Olive, but the court ruled that it was inadmissible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Ilrs. Sorros's connection with the royal fnmily. (A laugh.) It was at any rate noral evidence.-The Lord Chief- Baron: As far as I can see the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it. Dr. Smith hoped that his lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the presout.-When the court retired for a short time to luncheon, the picture was exhibitod to the spectators, and tie reporters state that "its striking like ness to Georgo IV. was the subject of general remark." The attorney-general on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. .The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documentary evidence in support of the potitioners' case. At the close of the court, the filrther hearing of the case was adjourned to Juno 6, during the whole of which day Mr. Notheorclift, the export, was under examination with refor olteo to the genuinoness of the signatures. The minute particulars of his evidence could not be made intelligible in a report without fee sihiles of the various documoents; but its general and distinct purport was that the disputed documents were genuine, judging by comparison with admittedly genuine documents. Ho stated, in answer to a question from the Lord Chief-Justice, that the moral probability or improbability of such men as George III. and Dunning putting their names to such documents did not enter into his consideration in forming his judgment. On June 7 the evidence as to the hand writing of the documents produced by the Iotitioners was continued, and Mr. Nether clift was again put into the box, when he mado some rather important admissions. After Ihe had deposed to the genuineness of the signature "J. Dunning," lie was shown soino.papers written by Lord Ashburton, inncludi g his will, and lihe at once retracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the court could have booee written by the same person as Iad written the attorney-geonoral's specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Ounamborlud, their niece, into their joint protection. Com paring this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmnot's sig naturo to the register of their marriage, Iho thought it genuine; but on cross-oxamina tion lie admitted that there were only small similarities and great differences. As the case progressed, tile signature of Lord lhat ham was admitted by Mr. Notherelift to be a forgory. At the conclusion of this wit noess's evidence on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs.. Ryves, the Princess Olive, was ox amined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most romarkcable ease and self- possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she repeated with emphasis the oath administered to her to tell nothing but the truth, and in the course of her examination, when a seat was offered to her, she said she was not tired, and she could stand for ever to protect the honor of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she said she had cause to remember. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birth of her son, the other petitioner,' at Vauxhall, in March, 1833. In 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her father and mother, and her own legitimacy-not, she said, from any motive of fraud, but to establish those fiacts. The petition came on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favor. The attorney general was represented at the hearing by Mr. WVlsby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The proceedings in this suit weore put in evidence. Mrs. Ryves then gave evidence as to her early history. She said :-" I was born in 1797, and I remem bor coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harley street, at the British School of Artists, which my father founded. I lived with my father and mother until their separation in 1803, and after that I lived with my mother. I left school at the age of thirteen." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting some declarations made bylHannah Lightfoot, tie alleged wife of George III., and on the court objecting that they had no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George III., two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage wore put in, one signed George P. the other George Guelph. The court, however, declared unanimously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit them to be used. The petitioner then'went on to narrate, with ex coeding .particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her the secret of her birth, how her mother supplied the earl with means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessary documents, he being at the time so poor' that lihe could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Mrs. Ryves said, unable to buy a shoot of note paper, and how the earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petition or's family. "The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. Ryveos, "took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were in his fatther's writing. Hoe acknowledged my mother as his cousimt. He said that sthe was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the duke's marriage, and that for the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health that he might die at any moment, ho would take on himself tile solo protection ind guardianship of my mother and mo." Promn the petitioner's further evidence it scomed that the Earl of Warwick was under cntinual obligations to her mother in pocu niary matters. On the sitting of the court on tihe 8th Mrs. Eyvos was re-called and her oxamina tion resumed. Sheilo repeated in substance her previous evidence, and stated, in addi tion, that the Dulke of Sussex, as well as the )uke of Kent,' acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now pro duced. She also mentioned that she and lir mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts's bank. She was then cross-examined at groat length by the attornoy-general. It appeared from nher evidence that her mother, Mrs. Serros, was an astrologist, a ghost-seer, and it literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland stating that she had providentially discovered liher descent from the royal family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as thoe Duchess of rumberland lhad boon established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mrs. Serros lhad published a book, in which she claimed tire authorship of Junius for Dr. Wiilnot. It was stated that when a girl she had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Vihnlmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, and it lhad remained in her possession for gotton until it was accidentally discovered by Mrs. Ryves. The cross-examination of tihe petitioner, which was not finished when tihe court rose, was resumod on the morning of tile 9th Juno by the attornoy-gonoral. The memo rial of Mrs. Sorros to Iing Goorgo IV., in which sheo claimed to be acknowledged Princess Olive of Cumberland, was road. It differed in many important respects from the account already given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugont Boll, the gonealogical counsel vhom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent believed that Mrs. Sorros was really legitimate from 1815 to 1818, and that somebody having then told him that the marriage of the Duke of Cum borland was nullified by tie Royal Marriages Act, ho persuaded her that she was illogiti mate till November, 1819, whoan she was informed by a clergyman that the act had not boon passed till five years after. In the momorial the word offspring was spelt orfspring, and that error Mrs. Ryvos attri buted to Mr. Boll; but a birthday ode to the Prince of Wales, which Mrs. Serres had written with her own hand in 1812, was found to contain the following lines: ail villmed, IIour orfspring of Heaven's smile, The great and mighty succour of this isle. This occentric orthography was found in several other autograph papers of Mrs. Sorres. The attorney-general called for the originals of several documents printed in Sirs. Ryves's pamphlet relating to the birth and identification of her mother, and other matters, but they were not produced. The learned counsel road some private and con fidential communications addressed by Mr. Bo101l to Houry IIappers, Esq., under-socro tary of state. In one of them Mr. Boll stated that he had soon certain papers in Mrs. Sorros's posession whic he believed to be genuine, lend that unless her Majesty deolared her to be the Princess of Caumber land, within a few hours the papers would be given to the public and a revolution might be brought about. In another Mr. Boll said that he had soon several certifi cates, the first signed by Dr. Wilmot, stating that his late Majesty George III. was married at Kew to Hannah Lightfoot in 1759; the second, signed by J. Dunning and Chatham, stating that his late majesty was married to Queen Oharlotte, after the death of Queen Hannah, in January, 1765, by Dr. Mooro; and the third, signed by his late majesty, declaring William Henry to be his first dlegitimate son. The witness had heard some rumours about the subject of the second certificate, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Moore was a friend of Dr Wilmot. Dr. Frazer, a physician, was then examined, and he stated that when a young man, shortly after he entered the medical profession, hoe attended upon the late Princess Olive, as she was thoen called. Ho attended her from February, 1832, to February, 1831. He was introduced by Mr. Macaulay, a literary gentleman. He visited her frequently, and talked a groat deal with her upon a variety of subjects, including politics and her own affairs, and he never had the least reason to suppose that she was a person of unsound mind. Since that period witness had had consider able experience with regard to insane patients. Mr. A. W. South said he had been acquainted with the late Princess Olive, and had frequently conversed with her relative to the claims she put forward on the subject of her birth. Ho believed her to have been as sound in mind as he was himself. SA document was then road by the learned counsel, purporting to be the last will and testament of the Earl of Warwick, dated the 22nd June, 1812, in which it was stated that, from the injuries his lordship had received at the hands of his oldest son, he was induced to bequeath to Olive, Princess of Cumberland, all his real and personal estate upon conditions which he was sure she would observe. The attorney-general said there was also a letter written by Lord Warwick, purporting to give reasons for making this will, and in which it was stated that the letters of Junius were written by Dr: Wilmot.-Mrs. Ryves believed that she could still propound the will.-At the close of Mrs. .lyves's evidence, the will and post office frank of Lord Warwick, and the will of the Duke of Kent, were put in as speci mons for 'comparison of handwriting, and this concluded the case for the petitioner. The further hearing was then postponed till June 13, when it was resumed, and the case for the deofence entered upon. Tihe attorney-general detailed the circum stances connected with the case which lhe would have to lay before thee jury. He alleged that the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and in proof of that lie quoted the bond entered into on her marriage, in which sehe was stated to be the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. WVilmot's will, in which she was loft ia legacy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He could not help bearing in his mind, and of represent ing it to the jury, that this lady, the petitioner's mothler, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he road the singular letters which she addressed. to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross oxamination of the petitioner. Theose letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they contained statoments of the most extraordinary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insane delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of Wales £20,000, provided he would grant her a personal interview oven for two hours. This interview she sought in many letters. In others she lamented her poverty, and asked for assistance. Several of these indicated that she was a great dabbler in astrology. But the most con clusive part of the case was this:-Between the death of the Earl of Warwick, in May, 1816, and the death of George III., in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were incon sistent with each other, and totally incon sistent with the story which she told in 1821\. The first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by Mrs. Payno, wife of Captain Payno, who had gone abroad and never returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And in several of lher letters at the time she stated Dr. Wilmot to be her uncle. That was in May, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Oumberland by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of large fortune, whom the duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of War wick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Oumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was in consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. She, however, regretted that with the death of tie Earl of Warwick, in 1810, all evidence of her birth and parentage had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came into the witness-box and gave a minute detail of the visits of the Duke of Kent and the Earl of Warwick to her mother in 1815; the production of the papers which disclosed all the circumstances of her title; while in the letter to the Prince Regent her mother distinctly stated that with the death of the Earl of Warwick shel was afraid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George III. were dead, she told a different story, and alleged that from docu ments found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she found that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland and his duchess, Olive Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case; but certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There ere were several of the documents said to be produced in 1815, which stated that it was Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke of Cumber land; and if there was truth in the produc tion of these at that time she had no occa sion to wait for the opening of the sealed packet in 1819 to inform her of it. If there had been a sealed packet there was no ques tion, from the letters of the petitioner's 'mother to the Prince Regent, that it was opened long before 18109 ; at all events, the documents produced now could not have been the same as those in existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mr's. Payne; and the statomont was plain and distinct that it was Dr. Wilmot's own daughter that lie married to the Duke of C0mberland, while the Earl of Warwick, in a letter to the Princess, spoke of that Olive Wilmot as her " angelic mother." It was not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman ; and it was almost incredible that Dr. Wilmot would have mar ried his sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Oumberland. As to what was said about the Royal tMarriage Act, it was out of the question to suppose that the Royal Marriage Act rendered the marriage null. Then it said this lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until after the death of George III.; but she had a singular way of keeping that secret, for years before the King's death she was perpetually dunning the Prince of Wales with statements of her case. The learned gentleman referred to certain statements made by the princess in her life of Dr. Wilmot, published in 1813, and a vindication of his claim to the title of Junius, published in 1817, in order to show that she paid considerable attention to the comparison of handwriting, as evinced in her statements relative to the manuscript of Junius in Mr. Woodfall's possession, and her assertion that no one could compare that manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's hand writing without being satisfied that they were both traced by the same hand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Boll, the legal adviser of the princess, to the secretary of state, in 1821, in further ance of her claim. These he characterised as begging letters and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but none of them were now forthcoming. On those documents there were fourteen names which appeared on the papers now relied on, and twelve which did not so appear. The poti tioner had now put in evidence seventy-two documents. Besides these ton more had boon produced from the treasury. In the memorial of 1821 there were eleven more, the originals of which woere not now pro duced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner there were twenty-six more, of which the originals were not produced; altogether the documents mentioned as bearieg on the case were over one hundred and sixty, while out of the whole only eighty-two were produced. And what sort of documents were thoey? Why, they were such that no export in thie world could give evidence of the handwrriting from them. With two exceptions they were all written on little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water-mark of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, whlen the foreman said ho was commissioned by Ihis fellow jurors to express their opinion thlat there would not be the slightest necessity to call ovidonce to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unanimous view the documents rolied upon by her were spurious.-The Chief Justico: In that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We hlaveo long felt 4-that overy one of these papers is a palpable forgery; nor is there one part of the petitionor's case wshich agrees with the rest.-Dr. Smith then addressed thle jury at some length on the part of the petitioner, after which the chief-justice summed up, and the jury de livered their verdict, whioh, stripped of technicalities, was this:-That no such marriage as that allegod betwooen the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot had over taken place, and that the so- called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter.. The Attorney-General then asked that the documents might be impounded, and inti. mated that if the case had gone on he should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford at the time of the pretended marriago in London; and that Lord Warwick, before his accession to the title, never signed himself "Brooks" but " Groville."-Tho documents were then ordered by the court to be impounded, and the ease concluded. 