THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 12, 1866. < IT is all very well for us to homologate our wants with the opening of parliament so close st hand. We thus get a coup d'oeil, a bird's eye view of them, and can form some estimate of what we require in the aggre- gate. But we must detach them,-we must look at them une by one,-we must turn i them up first on this side, and then on that, -we must examine them in all their bear '; .inga, and see which of all the rest ought to ' c be most insisted upon,-if we would deepen ?' rthe impression as to the actualities of our " ,{fants on the public mind, and lead others 1 ¿9 see as clearly as we do ourselves how » urgent the demand for their being imme , , diafcely met really is. ' - Which of all our wants then is the most urgent? Which ought to be most insisted \- -on P Some say, railways ; others, the "l opening up of tho country to westward ; and others, a better system of finance. On '^cach of theBc, we hare already dwelt at ' j much length. We have shown that we do not disregard any. We attach to one and . all the greatest importance. We have even added other things to this list of our wants. But wo must give Mr. Treasurer MEBEDITH and his colleagues a " spell " for a day or two. Thoy want rest as well as /.¡everybody else. And yet the mischief is,' that we eau hardly discuss any "social question without mixing them -' np more or less with it, however little it may at first sight appear to have to do with \- 'polities. Our reasons for this'remark will be ( Men clearly enough in what follows. ' ' Of all our wants, not one is so urgent at ' r this moment as a paying gold-field, and it is -» upon this that we now wish to fix special . 'attention. That we would do, if we could, without mixiug up Mr. Treasurer MEREDITH or any of his colleagues with it in one way or "other. But how are we to do this, either with justice to Mr. Treasurer MEREDITH himself, or to the public ? When Mr. Trea- surer MEREDITH made his financial statement > to the house on the9th of Augustlast, on what ' ' did he found his > expectations of a revenue ??. for 186*6, which he now knows he will not '- get P Was it not partly at least ou the dis 1 covery of a paying gold- field? Let us do him no injustice. Speaking of his anticipated in- crease on the customs revenue for this year, , he aaid :-" If the public works bill is passed, i and the works vigorously proceeded with, ^ and the anticipations which we have farmed of our gold fields are realised, I believe we , shall have an increase of £12,000." That is, double the amount of the increase for which he.actually took credit on his estimate. But ~ ¡whose fault ia it, " that the anticipations "which thegovernment had formed of our gold fields" have not been realised? What has any single member of the government done towards the promotion of the realisation of those anticipations ? Nothing that we ever heard of, nor that, we are ever likely to hear of. We know what they did with regard to Mr. HAB GHAVES, and we give them full credit for this. But they knew woll enough before Mr. Treasurer MEREDITH made his financial statement in August last, that there was nothing to be expected from what Mr. HARGRAVES had done. Nobody blamed them for having allowed themselves to be deluded into the belief that Mr. HABOBAVES waa the man to be sent out to search for gold, or for the thousand pounds or thereabouts they allowed him to take out of the treasury chest for nothing. But that had nothing to do with the anticipations Mr. Trea- surer MEREDITH cherished when he nude his financial statement last year. His an- ticipations must have been from some other quarter, and not from anythmg Mr. HAB- OBAVES had said or done. What then was that quarter? What could it have been, but the quarter to which public attention has everywhere been directed, since Mr. HAR- GRAVES so slothfully backed out of his en- gagement, under the pretence of his not being able to stand the winter weather in this country,-the quarter which the Rev. W. B. CLARKE pointed out as the most eligible one in which to look for a paying gold-field long before Mr. HABOBAVES made his appearance among us, or was even thought of? But what has any member of the government ever done towards the search for a gold-field in that direction, or even towards the exploration of the country ? So far they have done nothing, but they will moat certainly have to do something when parliament meets. We have already called attention to what the Bev. Mr. CLARKE said on this subject in his report to Mr. T. D. CHAPMAN in 1859 at some length. But we did not then by any means exhaust the subject. Cease to look for gold in the Fingal direction, was the constant advice of that skilful geologist. There is nothing but the tailings of some spent reef that will never pay for the working to be looked for there. Get on the same parallel on which gold has ¿been found in such abundance in Victoria. As I said in 1851, " Gold ought to be found, if at all, in the province of Victoria, between 143° and 145" east lon- gitude, north and south of the 37" south latitude, and in Tasmania in 110° east longitude, and 42° south latitude." Try there. That is the spot on which to look for a paying gold- field, and on which it will be found in Tasmania, if found anywhere. My predictions were verified in reference to Victoria, and why should they not be in reference to Tasmania? At any rate, no one has any right to treat them lightly, until a full and searching trial of the spot indicated has been made. Mr. TULLY made some advance towards that spot,-got as far as Mount Arrowsmith and the Frenchman's Cap,-and what did he find ? Wash dirt of a reddish hue, closely resembling the same description of stuff in Victoria, and Blates seamed with undoubted auriferous quartz ? Is this to be taken as a ground for rejecting my prediction, or as a verifi- cation of it ? Let that part of the country have a fair trial, and all will then be able to see. Mr. CLARKE waa right in saying that Mr. TULIX had not given the country a fair trial when he wrole to Mr. CUAPÜIV on the subject in 1859. And it is quite certain that it has never had a fair trial since. It has, in fact, not had any trial at aLL And why ? Does any one doubt Mr. CLARKE'S right to speak as authoritatively on that subject as any man of science ought to speak ? We never heard such a doubt anywhere ex- pressed. On the contrary, everybody believes Mr. CLARKE to be right. Public opinion everywhere points to the spot indicated by that gentleman as the one on which we must look for a paying gold-field, if we look for it at all. And why should we not look for it ? We have completely outgrown the feeling that a paying gold-field would be a curse to the country, and not a blessing. Or, if there be any lurking remains of that feeling in the breasts of any, it is only in the breasts of those who oppose the introduction of railways, and who are enemies to progress in all its shapes. The general public have no sympathy with any such feeling. They would have £5,000 to £10,000 placed on the estimates when parliament meets for the effectual exploration of the whole of the spot indicated by the Rev. Mr. CLARKE in the west country, and they would have the work of exploration placed in the most skilful hands any of these colonies could furnish. Men fitted in every way for the task could easily be found, if this course was once determined upon. And why should it not? Can any one assign any satisfactory reason to the con- trary ? We can conceive of none. To talk about not having money for such a purpose would only be to trifle with us. We must have a great deal more money than that found by somebody when parliament meets. We have been going upon that tack too long, and must now try another. The plea of no money for . this or that purpose has brought us to something at last. But it has not brought us to anything more than we always said it would. It has left us at length with all the signs of impoverishment about us,-with'a deficiency onboth branches of the revenue,-on the land as well as the general revenue, and that was what we always said would be the case, if this plea of pinching poverty was persisted in. But let U8 make an end of this, and go in for a good sum for the discovery of a paying gold- field as a start. Nothing could be more in conformity with the public wish, nor better in itself. Ten thousand pounds could not be laid out in any better way. UNIOS QUARTZ CaosMira COWANY.-A meet- ing of the Hobart Town shareholders of the Union Quarts Crushing Company was held at Mr. Oldfield'! schoolroom, Brisbane-street, on Tuesday evening. Amongst those present were Messrs. Wbiteorab, Hammond, Symons, Overell. Sargent, W.W.White, (Launceston,) and others. Mr. Oldfield in the chair. After a great deal of correspondence being read between tome of the shareholders snd Mr. Norwood, several resolu- tions were adopted, the most important of which was requesting an alteration in the articles of association, by allowing shareholders to vote by proxy, which was carried unanimonsly. After a vote of thanks to to« chairman the meeting broke up. BAKBBS BBWABB.-It was stated to the Police Bench'yesterday, that the bakers were victimized to a large extent by pilferers, who watch the carts and tracks as the bread is being delivered about tovn, and take their opportunity to help themselves to a day or two's gratuitous supply. The magistrate suggested that the trade should provide box-carts, and lceep them locked ; and this we should think would be an effectual pre-' vcntive, the security being a compensation for the extra trouble entailed. Do rou BELIEVE i». GHOSTS?-The following is the sylla'nu» of Mr. James Allen's lecture'at the Mechanic's Institute this evening on ghost stories vie .ved ia I heir relation to modern spiritualism, and to the highest forms of spiritual existence: Syllabus.-Introductory,-Dreams, - Mr. Wm. Howitt's, Mrs. Mary Howitt's and the Count de Vallette's dreams,-Mrs.MaryGoffe's visitation to her children at a distance in . vision,-Haunted Houses,-Mr. Mompesson's house,-the Rev. Samuel Wesley's parsonage,-Southey's «pinions on this,-Mr. Proctor's house on the Newcastle and Shields railway line,-Mr. William Howitt's remarks on this,-Ghost Stories,-What Mr. Robert Bruce saw at sea,- Whst Sir John Slier broke and General George Wynyard saw at Cape Breton,-What Mr. William Howitt's mother saw in open day,-A spirit long since departed appears to the B.-iron de Guldenstabbè,-Modern Spiritualism,-Ssmnambulism and magnetism, or mesmerism, known to the ancient Egyptians. This shown by their emblems, vrhich were not all hierogly phical, -Re-discovered by Mesmer in 1773 \- -Attributed by Mesmer's successors to a new vital force akin to light, called " odyle,"-Clair- voyance, spirit-rapping, table-turning,-This last dates back to 1848 only, and connected with Mr. Fox's house at Hydesville, State of New York, Tablê-turning in Paris,-A lady lifted to the ceilinglin bercbair,-Professor Faraday's opinions on table-turning confident, but nnphilosophical, -Spirit Manifestations by writing,-A singular illustration of this,-What amount of credit to be given to these things,-Milton's spiritualism, The Bible gives illustrations of the appearance of departed spirits,-Not possible for any to eoaceive of tbe highest forms of spiritual existence,-Sir William Hamiltons'» philosophy of the conditioned and unconditioned,-Enough to moderate our views of the ultramundane or supernatural, Moral to be drawn from this,-Conclusion. COBBBCTION.-In the passage ia Dr. Officer's remarks at the Royal Society's meeting on Tues- day night, in reference to the opening of the ova boxes, " there was not a single gentleman present who had estimsted that more than 40 per cent of the ova were alive, " read ''less'' for " more." THE INH.UBNZA AND THE WEATUEB.-The influenza, to which we referred a, few days ago, as having been more than usually prevalent arid severe, is greatly subsiding, andeonvslescents are rapidly gaining strength, while the distressing depression of spirits, which is so marked a feature of the malady, is giving way, being succeeded by buoyancy and briskness, as the nervous system regains its energy. That the present bright and bracing weather, albeit bitterly coldjhas much to do with this curative process is sufficiently evident to convalescents themselves, and while* it con- tinues we should recommend them to enjoy it as much as they can by open-air exercise, well and warmly elad, and not subjecting themselves to too much fatigue. By doing this, they will find that the desire for it " will grow by what it feeds upon," and will soon discover that air, exercise, and a generous diet will do them more good than all the physic in Hobart Town. At present there i« every indication of a continuance of this fine and seasonable weather, with sharp frost at night, and bright sunshine in the day time, but in all probability it will be shortly succeeded, as is customary here, by rain and moisture. A VERY NARROW ESCAPE.-On Monday evening a drayman, named James Evans, living in Upper Macquarie-street, had a very narrow escape form drowning, his horse also being saved from a similar fate only by great exertion. It appears tbat about half-past 9 on that evening Evans started for home with'his horse and dray, from the lower end of the Old Wharf, and being in a somewhat " oblivious" state tried to cross over the wooden platform extending from the Old Wharf to the Kangaroo steamer jetty, but finding that tbe dray could not be got across the foot- bridge, it appears from the marks of the dray wheels tbat lie endeavoured to tarn tbe horse round, when himself horse and dray fell back- wards into the water on the river side, at this spot 12 or 15 feet deep. The cries of the man, when he had managed to swim back to the piles, brought to his assistance two men named Daniel Daniel, in the service of Mr. Hawkins, and George Meredith, an assistant in Mr. A. G. Webster's stores. The men got a boat and with the help of Evans, the owner of the horse, the animal was, after much trouble, re- leased from the harness, and was guided under the bridge and across the Fishermen's Dock, reaching the laud in safety. The escape of Evans from being drowned was almost wonderful, and he should feel grateful for the timely assistance he himself received, and also for the exertions male to keep his horse's bead al>ove water, and to release the animal from the dray, a work which occupied nearly an hour and a'half altogether. The dray was left for the night in the river, but was recovered next day, and brought out with much difficulty. THE NEW MABKET.-The pathway in front of the New Market, Macquarie-street, is being very much cut up by carts which generally manage to turn out of Campbell or Market-streets at ? sharp angle, and thereby cut off a large corner of the footway. As these carts turn the corner some- times at a rather swift pace, cutting this corner so fine, is really dangerous to pedestrians, and a day or two ago we saw a woman almost rush under a horse's feet not being aware of its ap- proach. We should recommend fbst the width of the footpath should be defined on either side by a couple, of stout posts, when vehicles would have to give it . wide birth. INQUEST.-Mr. Jones, the coroner, will hold an inquest to-day on the body of Mary Brown, the woman who was found dead in a house off Davey-street, on Saturday morning last. THE LATE MR. FROMOW.-An inquiry baring been instituted by the coroner into the circum- stances of the death of Thomas Fromow, formerly in the Brigade Office, and there ? being no suspicion of foul play, no marks of violence having been discovered on the body, Mr. Jones has decided that there is no necessity for an inquest to be held. We understand that deceased has left a little daughter in Hobart Town to lament his loss. INSUFFICIENTLY stamped letters posted yester- day:-John Dodd, Esq., Collins- street; Henry Hinsby, Esq., Elizabeth-street; Mrs. Stewart, Sandy Bay ; Mr George Gully, Launceston. ACCIDBNT TO A Bor -Yesterday morning as a horse and cart belonging to Mr. Paris, of Mac- quarie-street, were at or near the Gas Works, the horse bolted, the cart capsized, and a youth 14 years old, son of the owner, Samuel Paris, was thrown out. The boy was taken to the General Hospital, when Dr. Turnley, on examining him, found that he had several slight wounds on the head. The uecessary remedies were applied, and the patient is doing well. PABADE OF RIFLE COMPANIES.-The Rifle Companies composing the southern division of the Volunteer Force assembled yesterday evening ia the drill yard in force, and, after a snort drill, under the command of Major the hon. J. M. Wilson, they marched through the city preceded by the fine Baud of the .2nd Rifles, under the leadership of Mr. W. Thomas, bandmaster. The route of march was along Campbell-street and Liverpool-street to Eliiabeth-street, thence as far as Burnett-street, and back to the corner of Liverpool and Murray-streets, where the parade was dismissed. THE WEATHEB.-The southerly wind that hu prevailed since Saturday morning, and that bas delayed the vessels coming np the river, has brought tbe usual fine weather, with a still rising barometer. There has been a very heavy fall of snow on the high lands, and Mounts Arthur and Barrow seldom present an appearance so alpine as they do now.-Examiner. LONDON MBTBOPOLITAN POLICE.-The cost of the metropolitan police in the year 1865, includ- ing the dockyard police, amounted to £630,604. The receipts from the rates were £389,873 ; the rest of the expenditure was defrayed from the Parliamentary grant, from Parliamentary .votes in payment for the services of the police at Go- vernment offices and public institutions, together with some incidental receipts. The expenditure included a new item of £41 for expenses at the dockyards under the Contagious Diseases Act, and the like sum at military stations. The nura» bar of the metropolitan police on the 1st of January 1866, was 7,493-viz., 26 superinten- dents 217 inspectors,798 sergeants.and 6,452 con- stables. Compared with the numbers on the 1st of January, 1865, the leturn shows an increase I of three among the superintendents, six inspee- | tors, 13 sergeants, 280 constables. This year | there are only 805 constables receiving the lowest salary of £49 8s. All the men have an allowance of coals. The cost of the police-courts, with their 23 magistrates, was £63,051. Penalties pro. ducsd £13,651 ; the residue of the expense was provided by Parliament. The return does not j include tbe city police '< 