TUE ZAND We LIVE IX. To the Editor of the Geelong Adveitiser. Sir,-The illustnous Garibaldi, speaking to the Italian people, says " Watch over your liberty as a good soldier watches at his post. Watch and have faith. Lei the people give an example of dignity, virtue and iutell'gence, -where imbecile ministers are grovelling in BPrvility and ignorance. A« to statesmen and ministers, good, bad and indifferent, we shall ^always find a plentiful crop; What is really important is that the people be sound, then the £ country will be great and happy." And now, Mr rditor, faking for our text these glowing words of the world renowned democrat, let us atk the mtn of Colling wood and elsewhere, who refuse freedom of speech to those who have sacrificed f rtune, time and health in their service, are they "souud!" Will such conduct tend to advance them in their own estimation, or in the eyes of the nations? Or will this crushing out of free discussion promote tho greatness or happiness of our land. " Watch over your liberty." Aye, marry great liberty truly there be inbjingat the beck and call of hired drivers to the poll. " Watch and have faith " Yea, watch for the cab wherein ye ride to the slaughter, and have faith that another pint awaits you after having voted for the men of "correct 1 opinions 1 " Let the people give an example of dignity, virtue and intelligence? as exemplified in the "dignity" that smothers free speech, the . '{virtue** that sells ont*8 dearest rights for a mesa of pottege, and the "intelligence1* that submits itself to the tutelage of electioneering agents, many of whom can neither read nor write their mother tongue. Statesmen and Ministers.-I for one be« lieve the men who for the tima deing rule in Victoria, to be truly honest and having tho best interests of this fair region dearly at heart, however opinions may be divided as to their mode of showing it. And were it only ; for their conduct as regards our water supply, ' they deserve'the cordial support of every Gee .long man, and truly all who at the eleventh' . hour used their little endeavor to. hurl them from office, and so throw aside that great measure, should bs sent without compunction to the city of Peeping Tom. and never more be officer of burs. But while we may on this ' and many other points admire the present ministry, while we may use every lawful en« ' deavor to give them a ratsling majority, it by no means follows that we should boo hoo 1 every man who in this (should b°) free land dares to think and act otherwise. A love of fair play uaetl to be the glory of Britons, But "what, oh, my brothers, call ye the conduct of those who meet with the howls ot the savage any man who ventures to cross some hastily taken up whim of the hour, and make nighi hideous by singing to the prciseatid the g'^ory of Bome one .Whose honesty they all durst swear for. Though not a man of ihem knew wherefore. Have, oh ye men of "Victoria, a love of free dom not on your Hps alone, but in your hearts. Disenthral yourselves from those who would suck ye dry, like unto an orange. Bs not led this way and that by every breath of fickle popularity. In fact, place ye more iruat in those who at momentous tima dare to have some opinions diverse from the Ministry. And oh be sure that such are the men Who would manfully stand by the Government in the obtaining of any measure having a tendency to promote our best interests. And look with a most jealous eye upon-yea, " Watch as a good soldier watches at his put," all those who are ready to swear anything and every thing, BO that tlipy may, by getting into Parliament, be enabled to eat a morsel of bread at the erpense of the nation. Such men promised and vowed all things in the name of our lamented .Richard Hcale). They crawled into the House wearing his colors. They were to be hia fast friends for ever and ever, Amen I and then, having received their here a little and there a little of the creature comforts of the Btate, they hound-like, turned round and tore the beneficent hand that had fed them, ? ; As it was in the beginning is now, and ever eh all be. The same creeping things of the earth are still going about, seeking whom they may devour. . The teeth that worried to the death" poor Richard Heiles are now being sharpened for ? James M'Culloch; but that from all such may he and all other good men have Bafe deliverance, prayeth . Vour laiti,},,! servant, Geelong, 12th January^ i8^m JBNK,lrs-! I took the liberty of-.hinting, Pays George Augustus Sala in "Echoes of the Week/' when I arrived in the Irish metropolis that, after a railway, journey of 150 miles, I should like" some dinner. It was about fiix p.m. 11 Won't a beefsteak wiih your tay do?" asked the good-humored but gasping and bat exhausted waiter. Mildly but firmly, I stuck-to my text-dinner. " All that's left of me," murmured the waiter, " nil get it for ye; but I've fi\t> dinners on band ; an itV m«* ghost that'll be bringing ihe ginilefolks their breakfast in the mornin'." He is Btill aUva7 Jwwsrer, that waiter, although wy pal«> 