GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN AND THE FENIANS. This gentleman, who is not unknown to fame in Melbourne, has been distinguishing himself lately in connection with the Fenian movement, in a most extraordinary manner. Tbe commit tee appointed to organise the mass meeting of the Fenian Brotherhood, to be held at Phila delphia on the 16th, have invited Mr George Francis Train to attend, and Mr Train has re- plied in a very cnaracteristic tetter, xneisew York Daily News puts the letter before rs readers. Mr Train's letter is principally made up of scraps of poetry. He opens with the fol lowing : — "Little Ireland, great in story, mother of immortal men, Great iu courage, great in glory, dear in Freedom's tongue and peu ! . If Engish lords combine to brave thee, Dish hearts will dare the fight ; Irish hands will die to save thee-Ireland strong in Irish right, Ireland over all, Whatsoe'er befall ; If we tight or die, Ireland over all. "Yes, and no. ' No this week and next, but'yes on Monday-?=the 16th. Can you get the Academy ? The Cougt ess of Fenian orators meet in Philadelphia on that day. You should take two thousand dol lars that night. For liberty' or death— don't for get. I am not a Fenian, but a long-tried fr end of your race and country. The Fenian Brother hood will, of course, keep out of our partisan poli tics. O'Mabony told me, two years ago, that most Irish leaders had failed by mixing up American politics with Irish nationality ; and as Roberts told tbem the other night at the Cooper Institute —any member of the Order using its funds, or its power, for political puruoses, ought to be kioked out. So consider my speech national, not sectional, and do not expect me to touch upon your state or local elections. The st6iich ot decaying politicians of the Baltimore, Cleveland and Chicago conven tions are still offensive to the air. When the re volution of American independence closed, iu 1783, Europe, a few years later, was thrown into convul sions that lasted for twenty years. You remem ber Emmet and the men of > inety-eight ? Our re volution over, England's will commence Before, they waited six years. Now, six months seem loDg. England ha3 got the nightmare. Death, on the pale laorse, is at her door. JBancho's ghost will not down. Did you hear the old harlot laugh, the other day? How her teeth rattled. You can hear her bones shake by every mail. That laughter is uunatura1, for it is over the grave of our outraged nation." After quoting a few passages of the "viper of the West," Mr Train continues : — "If men drilling with sticks, iu the nighttime, can frighten her so, what will they do when rifles are used in broad daylight ? The Saxons say there is nothing in the Celtic movement. Theu, why put battalions under arms and send war-ships along the Irish coast ? If the pickets cause such a fight, for God's sake what will happen when O'Mabony gives the order for the army to move ?'v Mr Train here again hursts into verse, and having thus re lieved himself of the pressure of his enthusiasm, is able to resume the calmer style of prose, " Philadelphia is printing the bonds of tbe Irish Republic ; why not take a leaf from modern his tory ? Send over one hundred thousand dollars to London. Give a banquet at the Confederate head quarters, and place the bond under the plate of Delane, Spence, Sampson, Brestford, Hope, and Lord Palmerstou's private secretary. These honest newspapers would sell England quicker than they, would their own pockets. Be sure and hail that Eugltsh patriot Spence, the Liverpool tin merchant; then give Lindsey the chartering of Irish trans ports; give Laird an order for Irish rams; give Gregory the Parliamentary agency; make Alex. Baring (the Union representative of the American Government) chairman of the Irish Independent Association, and then everything will be in ac cordance to international law. Ireland fightB for independence, England for empire. Major General wants strong men when he marches on". Admiral needs strong sailors when the fleets run the blockade of . Good bye, with a cheer for the Irish girls and Irish boys of Phila delphia, "Little Island, first in science, first in letters, first iu fame, Truth's example and reliance, brave, and worthy of the name ! Other nations truth are spurning, rise, and fall, and pass away ; Ireland, with her lantern burning, stands superior to-day. Ireland over all, , Whosoe'er befall; If we live or die Ireland over all. " All right for Monday, the 16th. " And the gentlemen to whom, this document har been addressed gravely thank" Mr Train for his patriot io viudioation of their cause, and accept his proffered assistance. A writ has been issued for the election of a mem ber for the Eastern Province in the .room of . the Lite Hon. W. C. Haines. I he writ is dated the 6th inst.. and the following arrangements have been n ade : — Day of nomination, Tuesday, 20th Feb ruary ; day of polling, Tuesday. 6;h Mai oh ; re turn of writ, Saturday, 17th March. Mission of Mr Caleb- Gushing to England. rr-The Times, in a leader, says it is reported that Mr C. Cushiup, who comes to this country on a special mission from America, is instructed not only to co-operate with Mr Adams in bringing the respective olaims of the two Governments to a set tlement, but to ascertain the opinions prevailing in England on the subject of American finance. We hope the rumor may be well founded. Such a pur pose would strongly attest the pacific deposition of the A.merican Government, since nothing could place the finanoial prospeots wf the Union in a less favorable light than any indications of an opposite policy. General Cbazal, the Belgian Minister of War, has been very severely bitten in the arm by a monkey which he got as a present, and which was supposed to be perfectly tame. The wound was severe enough to necessitate a painful sur-r gioal operation, and tetanus was at one moment apprehended. The Epoca of Madrid has the following : — " A rumour is current in political circles that an encyclical letter is to appear next month, con voking at Rome in 1866 all the bishops of Chris tianity, and announcing a universal jubilee on the occasion of the eighteenth centenary anniversary of the death of St. Peter." The French journal La Nation was sold on Wednesday week for 600 francs. The new pYo- prietor has bound himself in the contract to con tinue the line of policy hitherto pursued by the paper. The provisions at the Lord Mayor of London's inauguration banquet are said to have averaged about 61b weight of food for each guest. This included yearly three platefuls of turtle-soup for each manla' 