EXECUTION OF THE MURDERERS OF THE REV. ME VOLKNER, MR FULLOON . AND THE CREW OF THE KATE. - , ("From tho N'eu} Zealand Herald.)' J I On Thursday, ofay 17th, tho aboriginal nativos Moko moko, Hcrnmita Hakaraia (tuurdorers of the Hov. Karl Sylvius Volkncr), and Horomona (accossory), Mikaoro Kirimnnga (principal), for tho murder of Mr Fullooii and the crow of the Kate, were hanged within tho pre- cincts of Mount Eden Stockade. Tho Kev. Father Macdonald (Roman Cntholio) visited tho (¡aol on Wednesday night about 8 o'clock, juat after the Kev. Mr Grace, to whom uiont of tho prisoners wero woll known, as he.was to them, had left. Tho tangi was a scone of tho most, painful, kind, but it produced no declaration on ths part .of tho prisoners, or those who visited them, beyond what was already known.- Wo be. 1 hove, however, that the condemned prisoners hare «ere rally «ritten to hi» Excellency the Governor statement* giving an explanation of their conduct,- and giving «n account..of all the transactions which led'np.to the! terrible catastrophe for whick they were condemned to j suffer. ' A few minutes after 7 o'cWk, thn'Rev. Dr ^Maunsell arrived at. th» gani, nlmoat aitnultnneotislv with the Ko- rnau -Catholic fathers Macdonald and Nuvardo. The several clergymen proceeded at once tn tho condemned cell», where thoy remained with the prisoners in prayer until a quarter of an hour before the execution. At ten minutes to 8 o'clock, Messrs Scoffer struck tho irons ofT tho feet of TToromona, Propiti (Solomon tho Prophet), and Moko m o ko, who again retired to their coila and were engaged in prayer until the bell tolled. Tho'scene which was proionted at this time waa more than usually solemn and impressive. Tho admission to tho gaol yard was by ticket, and from'ISO to 200 persona must have been present. The demeanour of the. spec- tators, whether without or within the precincts of the gaol, was tn keeping with the reality of the scene that was being enacted. At eight o'clock the prison bell tolled, when the Sheriff, accompanied by the governor of the gaol, pro- ceeded to tho condemned cells and communicated to the clergymen in attendance upon the Protestant culprits, Horomona and Mokomoko, that the timo had expired. The cell doors were at once opened, and his Excellency's warrant was'read over to tho two. prisoners. Tho ex- ecutioner, cnvoloped in crape to the-waist, took up his position boht'nd each prisoner as ho-emerged from his cell, and .proceeded with olaority to tht> work of pinion- ing. . Horomona was the first to appear; his oyos were closed, and lie uttered tho responses iii a voice-singularly sonorous, and with enunciation particularly clear. Ho . was ontirely-passive. Ho had been divostcd of th« long white beard which distinguished him upon his trial, and instead of tho lock of hair, upon his forehead, which -like a phylactery:marked him out aa tho hioroplinut of ! the new superstition, bia hair was cropped close to the scalp. . -The demeanour of Mokomoko was less quiet. His rostloss eyes sought the face of everyone, until thoy met the countenance of some fellow native, of whom there were six or seven presont, nnd then ho would give expression to a convulsive "ihaia," or " What is tho use.? This word ho uttered tn iee or throe tiroes in roply to the exhortation to pray from tho psoudo-prophot, his I fellow ia. condemnation. When Mokomoko came forth into the open air he turned round towards tho other divisions of .the gaol and uttered aloud, "e korirah," or " Farewell," and several times on his inarch to tho scaffold he exclaimed, " tene ra kau tau na pakehs." " Farewell pakehas," When tho two men arrived at the foot of the scaffold and ascended they were self-possessed and botrayod not .tho slightest indication, of tremulous- ness or faltering. Tliey were proceded by the gaoler, Mr Tuckwell, tho Sheriff, Colonel Balneavia, and Dr Maunsell, reading the. appropriate service. Tho air ol Horomona was that of a devotee, and whilst the hiller was being adjusted ho was motionless, yet crying aloud, ,'e te, atu'a te rohanga e hau' ("Lord have morey upon rael') Ho .ventured to turn towards Mokomoko,-and exhorted him to prsyeiv again tho", response was "ihaia" (" What's the use ?'.') During tho process of adjusting tho halter, , Mokomoko exclaimed' "tenei ahou-e mateharakore," I ("I dio without.cause," or "I om innocent,") Having said this he closed his eyes, and gave himself entirely up to tho hangman. The Rev Dr Maunsell having finished prayers, shook the two prisoners by tho hand. Tho bolt j was about to be withdrawn, when tho executioner was sc overcome with nervousness as to render it doubtful ^whether, if loft unassisted, some misadventure might not .occur. , However, the bolt was withdrawn, ond the twe men fell. .Tho death nf Horomona was instantaneous Thora was one convulsive shudder apparent, and all wai over. Mokomoko struggled slightly, but in less than t minute all symptom of motion had ceased to bo observ. obie. The bodies were left hanging for tho usual porioci of OH hour, when they were lowered into the cdfünt (provided fur them. The provincial surgeon pronounced that life; wasi in each onie extinct. . By 9 o'clock a considerable accession to tho numbei of spectators had taken place. Two catechists from thi .Roman College had takvn upa position, kneeling, but side, the penal department ; the two priests (the Revi .Fathers Maodonald and Navardo):being in the cells wit! their penitents. The sanie .ceremony of striking off thi irons had taken place in this case as in the former. Tin demeanour of Herinita and' Hnkaraia was that of met thoroughly subdued, but .yet placed and collected. Tin deportment of Kirimanga, the leader , who called foi twenty men to kill'tho Pakehasj-wnà that of a persoi lmlf,dead. He. kept lus..eyes shut,1 s way cd about "- ii startled .impotence, and was onlj" euftoiued by his tw< companion«-upon whose shoulders his head for sony I time rested during the progress to the:gallows^-from ; thorough break down.. In the caso of those, a's. of th former, there was no disposition-to spook. They ben their head» respectfully to the unhattsd crowd as'tho; passed. In truth, the two first had openly confessai their guilt, and that of all three'was too fully establish* to admit cither of complaint or explanation. The pfc cession was preceded, as in the former case, by th gaoler and the Sheriff; in tho present instance tho tw priests -walking beside tho moribund prisoners' wit! breviary in hand and crucifix in view, giving out th litany for tbs dying, to which the prisoners half atidibl, responded. In this order they mounted the.scaffold Hakaraia occupying the right hand, Heremita the midd!« I and Kirimanga the extreme left. The dread prepara tions having been made, the clergymen passed in fro-i of the. condemned men, offering them the crucifix, wilie I each kissed. The clergymen retired, the bolt was »gai drawn, and-death, in the cases of Hakarain and Men mita, was instantaneous. They were exceedingly heavj muscular, well-nourished ' men. Kirirpangs was ' singular contrast to them ; be was merely a boy, slight! [ built, and emaciated to a skeleton. His cheeks and eyi sockets wero's'o hollo* that ho almost resembled a ghost After the lapse of four minutes, the hangman had to pu tho body by the feet, and life wes extinct. It would be in ordinary casos needless' to oomtner upon the antecedents of men who have disoharged th Ítensity of a horrible crime with the forfoit of thai ives ; but something moro is necessary in tho preset: case than a more record of their execution. The victim of a debasing superstition, thoy lived only long enoug that they might die beside tho oxponent of .the iuipoi ture by which they wero deceived. Horomona wss, i he looked, rho true .type of the religious or irreligiot enthusiast, just as hts intelligence lcd him. Kir'uonng on the ether hand, was tho fitting instrument with whic to work out a superstitious ond, impulsive, illiterate, ii considerate, and filled with imaginary hate. Mokornol I has always borna a chaructor of hostility to European I cunning, unscrupulous, with a " lean and hungry look for grievances. Of tho two men Hnkaraia and Uoremit they have borne, tho former a neutral character, tl latter a fair .character. Tho demands of tho law ha' been justified^ well deserved retribution has overtaki the prims- movers- in two horrible crimes, notwithstandii tliat the Royal clemency hos favored somo that we guilty. ; 