10m AL-OUST. Tho examination of Swcony was returned :-Spoko to no ono about my ovidenco; the chintz bag waa used to contain tho smaller boga; M re. Ohoat reprimanded, mo twico for carrying priva to supplies to Mr Williams ; «poko to rae four or Ufo times about it; not fivo sepá- rate reprimands ; only carried supplies twico ; Mrs, Ghost said it might endanger her position and his ; said if she wero awaro of it, she would not allow it lloro Mr. Dougall asked a question of witness which -elicited soma discussion. At this Biaga Messrs. Dick. Raphael, Ooveny, and Manning, rotired, after tendoring tho following protest. Tho protest WOB road lo tho committee, who, af tor ? aomoconaultatsion, roeolved to proceed with tho inquiry. Examination of bweony continued-Mr. Williame . said bring mo a cop of tea and eomothing to my place onco ; this waa whon it was wet, when, ho bad suppliea brought to his office; another timo ho nus sick and not .»t meals with tho other* ; I novcrknowot tliingR being carried away; liavo never econ improper conduct among patieuta or nfftuiuls : have novor teen anything improper between Dennet and Norah; heard that Mrs. rwnot spoko to tome ot tho women about it; etovtaid'a lon anü_alistar wera UVo« to him when busy in Ilia own iilai'o, ixiiil not able io KO to tho general talile/or when Í<ÍL'1C; MM. Harrison was very bail j sha waa drunk and disorderly, Waking up rows" among tho - womnn ; very ubini>o; tho girls montionnd that sim called thom scandalous names ; tho and Davis kopt cainonny ; have Bo.m tliom togitlior at night till ll o'clock ; did not like mo, because 1 would not nllow her girls, when she sent them, to take what they lilted from tho kitchen, i Mr. Williams was culled in nnd examined-(Tlio statements of Mrs. Harrison, in regard to him, wero road):-1 havo regularly received and weighed ovory thing ; except when 1 was blind, then Mrs. Ghost did it ; somo'imus I havo to bo nut, and Swoeny may do it ; I reeoivn thom as they como in, then they go into the «toro; I havo no business with them thoro, I have not tho koys of tho storo ¡ Mrs. Ghost had j Sweeny weighed them out imo separata rations under my directions, by list given by mo ; Mrs. Ghost has always lind a private account at tho butcher's, baker's milkman's, and grocer's! thero is just now a bill of £17 against Mra. Ghost,at Boll's; I deny in totosonding to Eliza Williams for brandy ; I novcr drank tho patiout's brandy, Kliza Williams, servant in store, callod in : Novor got n letter from Williams asking; for brandy ; novor, upan my honour, told Mrs. llarnson so ; novor hoard that the steward takes tho patients' brandy ; I know Mrs. Uarrisua ; she was unsteady and never had a good word for any ono ; I havo been four years in tho house ; I was novcr tipsy. Mri Fry onllod in : I cover found Eliza Williams with a falso hoy ; novcr said ea ; novcr found Eliza tipsy. Miehaol Nunan callod: I havo carried notes to tho storo girl ; only tho usual notes I carry ; I carried ono to-day ; tho usual notos about stores ; I received no brandy for it, Williams resumed : Dominick takes away tho kitchen ref aaa; in tho summer wa are glad to get rid of it; the fat is used in tho kitchon, or givon to Bennot's, or gate-keeper's wifo to use ; the dripping is only from the servants'rations; thoir rations aro their own; the fat ia thoir own ; it is distinctly untrue that I was drunk; I havo always boon fit for ray duty; Mrs. Harrison is a very bad profligate woman ; I advised Mrs. Ghoat four years ago to put her away; I have soon her looked up ; I nover saw anything unseomly in Norah or Bonnet ; I novor saw either drunk ; I nevor saw thom in the bath-room under suspicious circum- stances. ! Gatekeeper callod in : I novor saw Williams drunk ; the last timo six months ago ; am certain he was drunk ' when I took him from Bransgrove's ; this was two yoara ago ; I saw a roll of calico go ; novcr saw Bonnet drunk ; if I said so I recall it, it was a mistake, M P. Fry, night nurso, oxamincd : I novcr saw Bennet and Norah in tho bath room under suspicious circum- stances; she h ns often to go thero ; BO has ho on thoir duties ; never saw thom locked in, nor pulled Bennet out ; I have not sean Mrs. M'Cracken drunk ; hayo baon hero three months ; I havo washed for John, tho cook; do it instead of going to bed by day; I buy my own soap and starch ; I novor washed for six men ; I havo four children-ono son in the kitchen, William Fry, Amelia Fry, on tho books in laundry, one little boy who works in tho kitchen for his meat, two at Camperdown who wero novar in tho houso ; wo arrived in tho Africaino on tho 13th March last; Bonnet came oneo to Quarantino with Mrs. Ghost; Norah carno onco^withlM re. Ghost and Mrs. Watson-novcr with Bennot ; Mrs. Harrison advised mo to toko two of tho houso blankols for my husband ; I saw her in a position with Davis that loft no doubt of thoir intimacy; sho is tho only one of j tho inmates I over saw in auspicious circumstances. Bonnot, the messenger, called in and examined : I nover had impropor intercourse with Norah ; 1 novor was found in tho bath-room with hor under impropor circumatanoes, and ordered or pullod out ; mr duties require mo to bo ofton in tho bath-room, and in all parts of tho houso ; if Rev Mr. i-mith were hore he would oxplain matters satisfactorily ; Norah wrote to Mrs. Ghost directed to mo; when Norah's brother was killed at Moruya she was in groat grief ; I folt it my duty to attend to any business fer her ; hor lettor was about this ; I novor received any letters from Norah that would lead I» the impression of impropor intimacy ; I never received any lotter I woald bo unwilling to havo road ; it was Mrs. Smith who came with my wife and brought her back ; this had no rofornnce to Norah ; it was causedl by my mo'her who stayed with mo ; I havo had, by Mrs. Ghost's orders, to lock up hor room ; Mrs. 'Harrison has como to me half-dressed, with hor hair streaming ia a disgraceful condition, praying me to got over tho fonco and got rum for her ; Mrs. Ohoat wag too kind-hoartcd in bearing with her ; I wont on Christmas eve with tho servants to tho Prince of Wales Thoatro to hear tho Messiah ; this was tho only timi I was in a theatre ; I havo to be sent out at all hours of tho day or night to summon doctors or clergymen or relations in urgent cases; Dominick novcr loads his cart at my place ; once he loft two pigs at my place till he would call for there, only for n little time; Watson usod to get the pig wash, Mrs. Ghost said it was fair it should bo divided. Norah Walsh called in : -Mrs. Fry nover found Bennet and me in tho bath-room : I took once n roll of cast off clothes and linen of Mrs. Ghost's to Dominick's cart, thoy were Mrs. Ghost'sonco; not now calico; sho told mo theyworo old things of her own ; I have to speak to Bennot, and havo conversations with him on buBirjess of the houso ; Mrs. Harrison wru an evil-disposed woman-spoke ovil of ovory ono and mado mischief ; gat drunk. Mrs. M'Orackeneal.'ed:-I havo bean th reo years in. this houso; havo nat been drunk; t>m seen up at all hours by tho doctors ; called Mrs. Fry's attention to eomothing improper betwoon Mrs. Harrison and Davis, a wardsman, they woro shut in tho laundry at 12 o'clock ; I called Mrs. Fry to notice through tho win- dow ; I have seen no other casos of indecency ; I never saw or heard of tho patients in No. -1 ward larking with tho laundry girls at 2 in tho morning. 