POLITICAL BIOGRAPHIES. The Honorable John Bowie "Wilson. When the pecuniary faculty, which forms so conspicuous and pleasing a feature in the Scottish mind, is exercised and sharpened by contact with tho citizens of the great American republic, mankind has reason to feel grateful for the benefit of such an education. The Americanised Scot may not be a man of fashion. He will, undoubtedly, be a man of figures. He may not delight ; men and fascinate women — but : he will manage a bank — or extract wealth from a-ballot box against all comers. To go to school in Glasgow, and graduate in Texas, are advantages of culture denied to most men. The subject of this memoir enjoyed them to the utmost extent. At a comparatively early age the young man had taken (as some > of his fellow countrymen some times do) an affecting farewell of the land of his birth ; and em barked for America. On his arrival he was rebaptised — and the second name, which he now bears, ' bestowed upon him as a special compliment to the natural and acquired keenness of his dealings. It is the name of a knife in Now Orleans — of a Minister in New South Wales. As in the great city to which we have just referred Mr. Wilson first commenced the practice of his pro fession, and as the earnestness of popular discussions there renders three or four score of surgical operations necessary in the course of the day, it may have been that he was named from his skill with the knife in the treatment of these matters. After a long and distinguished career he left America for this country. Having settled down in the far interior — and, consequently, having nothing to do but eat damper, he naturally turned his attention to hydropathy. But the water cure could hardly be carried out in a satisfactory manner through successive seasons of drought. The victim of an arid climate, and a riverlcss territory, the doctor was about to fly from us for ever — his thoughts were literally of a "wet sheet, and a flowing sail" — when his destiny was fixed by his return to parliament. At this period his opinions were supposed to be extreme. In religion he was regarded somewhat as a freethinker — and openly expressed his opinion that baptism simply meant ;careful hydropathic treatment ; and that " state aid " should only be given to the Timkish bath. These opinions were then regar ded as extravagant. Time has modified the injustice of this view ; and at the same time calmed the impetuosity of the doctor. He has survived his infidelity ; and if he lives long enough will probably become developed into a good thorough-going, burning fanatic. By what means it may be asked has this revolution been effected P What mastering power has brought this irreverential — this scornful spirit — upon its knees P Why does this man now humbly ask for benedictions l from hands which in the days of his proud human strength he would not have shaken ? Why has he given up water, and spiritualism, and democracy, and become a man of sober mirth, of faith, and of conserva tive habits, as well as opinions ? Because, my simple and enquiring friend, he has become a people's minister ; and in that exalted position, can save the country — and a little money. Is he not for himself, for yourself, and for us all, infinitely better occupied, than in chattering about Tom Paine — drivelling about the night side of nature — and dis coursing with a displeasing Scotch accent of the universal brotherhood of man P — Of course some fellow who believed in him in former days is disappointed — but as the fellow probably also believed in ghosts, in irreligion, and in democracy — why, he was born to be disappointed. The most characteristic circumstance in the lives of our great Australian statesmen is, that they are irresistibly compelled to alienate themselves from their admirers whenever the country has need of the services of the statesmen. The revolutionists are only dangerous and only loved when they are in opposition. The treasury, government house and the ministerial benches, are the safety valves of the constitution. ' And although it is expensive work to manufacture solemn officials out of the material of our radical politicians — as it would be to carve the flowers and delicate lace work of a gothic rood screen out of ironbark — yet we must console ourselves with the reflection that we havo no other timber so durable. To those who believe in the rapid approach of the millen- iurnwe may say that Mr. Wilson has not yet determined upon asso ciating himself with the great body of his fellow countrymen who have resolved to return to Scotland on the happening of that event. 