MONDAT, MAT 21, 1860. The country is indebted to Mr. Leat for bringing forward his motion in re- ference to the "uncollected duties," although he could not have expected that the Assembly, as at present consti- tuted, would affirm it. This would have been to condemn the Government, which' many members have pledged themselves to support in their whole policy. The debate which ensued upon Mr. Levi's motion will not, however, be without itt uses. It will serve to show more clearh" than before, if that were possible, hov thoroughly the Ministry have trained themselves to do anything, however illegal, and to brave public opinion, however emphatically expressed, ratler than plead guilty, as it becomes them, to having carried out an unconstitutioial and mischievous policy. Although the Commissioner of Customs attempted to justify the course taken by the Govarn ment, the fact is clear that the Gorem ment, by their own mere will, dare! to remit duties legally oAving to the state. It does not avail Mr. Francis as a sufficient excuse, that the Government .tneiv that they Avere sustained by " the vill of " a large majority of the people." Until the will of the people has been constitu- tionally and formally expressed, it should count absolutely for nothing in tie dis- charge of the executive functions of the Government. If such a vicious principle as that which Mr. Francis has ad- vocated were recognised, neither our property nor our lives would be safe. The supposed "will of the ma " jority of the people" might be pleaded, as in the French Eevolution, in justifi- cation of any enormity whatever. The precedent in English practice which Mr. Francis pleaded for the collection of duties under resolutions of the House of Commons has been shown, over and over again, and finally by the highest authority in the realm, not to be applicable to the case in which the Legislative Assembly claimed to collect duties, not in anticipa- tion of the passing of the tariff, but in a determination to put it into force in defiance of the other branches of the Legislature. The language of Mr. Cardwell quoted by i\fr. Levi is as clearly condemnatory of the conduct of the Ministry as language can bo :-" But I also gather that for some " months the full' amount of the higher " dutiep was not levied, and that for part " of that time the Customs Department " had ceased to demand any bonds or " other security for the payment of the " uncollected baknce. You do not su» " gest, and I cannot imagine, that for tins " proceeding there was even any pretext " on which it coidd have been contended " to be legal." In attempting to excuse the conduct of the Government in omitting to col- lect the ,£G3,00v due to the state, Mr. Francis, looking at the Opposition, and especially at lir. MacMahon, resorted to the tu quoque argument. If it was much to lose ^£63,000, said the Com- missioner of Customs, it was more for the O'shanassy Government to have lost twice £G90,000 in land alienated from the state" through legal quibbles." "We are not toncerned to defend Mr. Duffy's Laid Act or its adminis- tration, but We can see no parallel between a eise in which individuals enriched thenselves by taking advan- tage of defecas in the law and a case in which a government fail to enforce a law which is clear and undeniably in operation. Such an argument as that used by Mr Francis is, in fact, a justi- fication of one wrong by another. Were we « admit the force of such an argumeiï, each succeeding Govern- ment could justify their illegal conduct by referring to the illegalities of other Governments which had preceded. In- deed, it wil be well for the colony if the transgiessions of the M'Culloch Governmert are not hereafter quoted to justify any future flagrant violation of the law Ly Cabinet Ministers, Nor do we arraiga the Government before the country so much because of the amount of the uncollected duties, as on account of the principle involved in the non collection ¡of them. It is quite likely that the enforcement of these duties now night involve hardship upon individuils in the community ; but far rather wuld we have, if requisite, some Parliamentary indemnification of those who might show a practical grievance, than wa would permit the use of a dispensing power by the present or by any Gíverument. Mr. Francis, in- formed the House that " no effort was " inadi by the Government to recover " such duties, because the law officers " wereof opinion that it would be futile." Did Mr. Francis intend an insult to the country by quoting the opinion of " the law officers?" -Are not these very law oficers responsible for the conduct of thi Government in the non- collection of tie duties? Have they not all through " the crisis " been prompt to devise methods for evading the law, and as ready to put its machi nerj into operation in order to defeat the rights of others who have sought to establish or enforce a clain against the Government? It is but an insolent mockery of reason, an insult to those who are jealous of consti- tutional rights, and an impudent expres- sion of defiance of them, for the Com- missioner of Customs to quote the opinion of the "law officers" in any case inwhich the policy of the Government is involved. Nothing could more conclusively show thä legal untenableness of the position taken up by the Government than their readiness to accept the amendment upon Mr. Levi's motion proposed by Mr. "Vale. The member for Ballarat West is an auxiliary worthy of the Govern- ment. " He considered that the acts of " the Government in this matter, sup " ported as they were by a majority of the "Assembly, had the force of statute "law." If Mr. Vale is to be taken as a representative man among the extreme democrats in the colony, we are well aivised as to what would ensue were tie administration entrusted .to such lands. The Legislative Council, and the urge minority in the constituencies vhose votes are swamped under the present suffrage, would go for nothing in any case in which a majority in the Assembly should express its decision in any matter of finance. Such a de- cision is of the force of statute law in the opinion of Mr. Vale-and not in his opinion only, but, to infer from the past, in the opinion of the Government also. The dictum of Mr. Vale will not, however, be accepted by any man who can appreciate the importance to every free community of walking in the beaten paths of the Constitution, and of maintaining inviolate the sanctity of law. Things have come to a fine pass among us when the mem- bers of a Government can not only per- mit such a sentiment as that uttered by Mr. Vale to pass unchallenged, but can even take shelter under the protec- tion of the member who can avow it. Although, as far as the Assembly are concerned, the battle upon the Cus- toms duties may now be regarded as fought out, we trust that the Legislative Council will not permit the proroga- tion to _take place without at least such a protest as may prevent the re- petition of the practices to which the present Government have resorted, and without petitioning the Crown for such instructions to its representative in the colony as may prevent them for the future. Mr. Haee returns to the subject of " Individual Responsibility in Represen " tative Government" in the last number of the Fortnightly Review,, and while he answers some of the objections which have been raised againßt his schemej he adduces fresh arguments in its favour. He declines to adopt for it the narrow title by which it is popularly known; contending that a Legislative Assembly chosen under such a system would be an embodiment of the truest as well as the highest expression of the popular thought, and that, therefore, the end attained would be " the perfect repre " sentation of minorities." Referring to the exceptions which have been taken. 7nst the scheme, on the ground that . Id furnish the moans of associated lí to tbo more ignorant voters, and ble tbemto make a distinctive choice, if Hare remarks that ho desires to ride the uninstructed classes in the Clish constituencies Avith an oppor i_av of bringing their special grievances der the attention of the representa- tive body, believing, as he does, that .is far better those grievances should |1 discussed and remedied, if practicable, L tbat men should brood over them in -L discontent. It Avili probably sur . jjv. Hare to learn that his PrinciplÄ? Lid wu'an educated class, which, !U,ii»li not actually disfranchised, is tot permitted to enjoy its legitimate «hare of tbo representation, and is mide lo experience all the evils which can be entailed upon it by a tyrannical and un iastructcd majority. He could scarcely toe anticipated that such a contin- uer would arise, but it constitutes au additional testimony to the value lof fe plan, tbat it should be accepted ¡is a corrective of evils so entirely opposite in their character to thoso complained of by the democratic party ia Great Britain. The same machinerj, however, which would give the unedu- cated classes a voice in the Englisi House of Commons, would also enabli menof enlightened and liberal thought in tbis colony to combine for securing the election of some of our ablest publi« mE,i, Nor is this all, for the " perfec( «representation of majorities" insures .a clear, positive, and. explicit ex pression of public opinion ; and it is of the last importance, as Mr. Hare «marks, that under a form of govern- ment professedly based upon public opinion, that opinion should be dis- tinctly known.' " The complacency, not « to say the audacity," he observes, «with which writers of opposite politi- sai parties daily presume to announce "what is the opinion of the public " each declaring it to be in accordance " with their oivn party vieAVS - is "astonishing, and enough to bewilder "those Avho place any reliance upon "such enunciations." In Victoria this sort of audacity is not confined to political writers, but ? is displayed mtb matchless effrontery by the or- ganizers of "mass meetings" and "po-. "polar demonstrations." An impres- sion of numbers, of unanimity, and of simultaneousness, is conveyed by the same means ivhich are resorted to on the stage, where a noisy little army has no sooner disappeared on one side than it re-enters from an opposite direction j and thus with the platform oratora and ilieir hireling claquers in the crowd below, By expeditiously shifting the scene of their operations from the lästern Market to Collingwood, from Collingwood to Richmond, and from llicliniond to Prahran, they were multiplied fourfold in the eyes of the uninitiated, and it was only the jnanager of the entertainment-who set the puppets in motion and instructed them what to say- who really knew what a farce the whole affair was, and how wholly untrustworthy it was as an evidence of public feeling and an expres- sion of public opinion. Since, then, this cannot be gauged, either by the language of those newspapers which arrogantly profess to be the organs of " the people," or by'> public^ meetings (at which four-fifths of* the persons assembled are indifferent or amused spectators) how shall we arrive at the know- ledge we require 1 Mr. Hare replies that a perfect representation will solve the difficulty. " No longer the creature " of artificial contrivances, and governed " hy external and spasmodic pressure, the "repicsentative body is a political ther "mometer, indicating sensitively the "national pulse, because it is the "genuine emanation of the national " mind and heart." Mr. Kinnear has questioned the ope- ration of Mr. Hare's scheme in dimi- nishing bribery at elections ; but Mr. Hark sIioavs that the voters liable to ibis moral disease would he isolated under his scheme, and their influence on ibe returns reduced to a minimum. But, as be sagaciously points out, in lan- guage which applies with peculiar force to the political circumstances of this colony, " there may be other influences "more pernicious than money. A "candidate who honestly declares his "political opinions, and pays for the " votes of those who are accessible to no "other argument, telling them plainly " that they ought to act on better motives, " may be a better legislator and a more " honest man than he who obtains votes '' ki flattering the ixmions or the vices of 'tk laser voters, confirming them in " Hat he knows io be errors, suppressing " Ai» own convictions, or pretending io " opinions tullich he does not hold." To the objection that under his sys- tem candidates and members would communicate with their constituents by writing, and not orally, Mr. Hare »plies by reminding cavillers that oratory has ceased to be the eminent vehicle of instruction that it was formerly, Md that men are more certainly and durably impressed by Avhat they read than by what they hear. Nor are ¡luency of speech and aptitude for catch lüg the popular ear safe criteria either w general ability or of a special capacity to political life. More frequently than otherwise, the orr-.tor Avho is most in wour with the multitude is a mere voluble charlatan, shallow in intellect. «ose m character, elastic in his opinions, Pasible in manner, and equally ready to surrender a principle or to sacrifice a "«?nd. Men of this stamp might still "id their way into our Legislative As-, -cmbly if Mr. Hare's system were in | nfa but we venture to believe that w.LVould constitute but a small sec noau" the> House, and that they would !e lRv«MBchiovous than at present, r/TeMthey would be confronted with .7 üeld lu check by a greater number «men of ability, character, and prin The approaching termination of the Hen- ri,/ I8 '^"'ficantly narked by the unusual «KjinstHicolof both HouBosof Parliament w?on th8 fir8t d»y°f tho wcek- In tu° tZS'L , mea8area which have recently ¿¿Ti Lower uouso, prominent among th! r. ^ lho Tra-«f<« of Real Estate Bill, Bttl m HeBlUlBí". and the Appropriation . will come up for considération. The time of the Assembly will probably be occu- pied with business of a formal nature, and with the discussion of motions postponed from last week. Certain ohoDgeB just made in connexion with tho local branch of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's service were bo freely discussed on Saturday last, thtvt they call for some notico. It appears that on the arrival of Captain Black, who 1b on a general visit of inspection, he discovered certain irregularities in the books and discrepancies in the ac- counts of the company, which could not have occurred if the aflairsof the company had been conducted carefully and systematically. TMb led to the immediate resignation of Mr. John Sparkes, who has been for many years the agent of the company at this port, and he has beon replaced by Mr. W. C. Clifton Humour has it that there is considerable defi- ciency to he made good, There has recently arrived by the ship Kent an oil painting of acknowledged merit, the production of Mr. Thomas Clarke, the well-known artist. The picturo represents " Spanish Boye," and is a well-executed copy of the famous original by Murillo, in the Dul- wich Gallery. This copy was painted by Mr. Clarke in 1815, and obtained the Boyal Academy's medal,together with the discourses of the president. Mr. Clarke also secured the Dulwich medal, against a powerful array of competitois. The picture will be exhibited to the public in a few days at Hines's gallery. Information reached town on Saturday afternoon of the death of Mr. Warden Mac- kenzie, at Maldon. He had for a length of time been in very delicate health. The Bishop of Melbourne preached at St. Mary's Church, Hotham, yesterday morning, and in the afternoon he administered the rite of confirmation to twenty-four young people of both sexes. In the evening a ser- mon, having special reference to the day's services, was preached by the Rev. Robt. Potter. A pretty specimen of silver-lead oro h»s been forwarded to us from Morse's Cioek. If the mineral exists in any quantity the pro- spectors should lose no time in securing their ! claim. Ores of this nature are profitably worked in South Australia, and aro known to;exist,though they have not yet been worked, in New South Wales. On Saturday the Rev. A. F. Ornstien, who¡ iriived in tho colony a few weeks ago, was ¿stalled as minister to the congregation of ¡ihereth Yisrael, The induction took place in the handsome synagogue in Bourke-street, which wore an exceedingly pleasing appear- ance, from the floral decorations which were lisplayed about tho altar in honour of the Feast of Pentecost, which is now boing cele- brated by the Jewish community. Having bten inducted into his office by the resident committee, tho rev. gentleman delivered an introductory addresB, in which he acknow- ledged the responsibility of his position, and expressed a hope that he should be enabled to fill it worthily. The Rev. Mr. OrnBtien, it may be stated, was appointed on the recom- mendation of the Chief Rabbi in London. Iho City Council will not meet to-day, its ueud weekly meeting being postponed, on account of the holiday, till to-morrow, at half past two o'clock. The most important item of tte business is the consideration of a draft petibon to tho Legislative Council, praying that j the clauses in the Public Health Laws Consolidation Aot preventing the pollution of tie river Yana, which had been struck out ol the bill during its passage through the Assenhly, may be reinserted, or the bill not allow«! to pass. In the Supreme Court, at tho Criminal Sittings on Satutday, the trial of James George Beaney was proceeded with bo far as concluJing the lay evidence against the ac- cused. Tho medical teBtimony will be pro- ceeded Iwith this morning. An application to bailthe piieoner during Sunday was made, and reused. A preliminary investigation was held on Saturdsy in the Insolvent Court, in the estate of Nathan Samuel Brann, which promises to oventunto in proving to bo one of the most extraoriinary insolvency cases that havo occupied the attention of the Court and the public fir some yoars. An irquest was held on Saturday, by Mr. Candlerl at East Brighton, into the origin of a fire hy which a cottage belonging to George Thomas, a farraor, was burned down, on the night of the 8th inst. The house was valued at £40 ; i was unoccupied at the time, and as the Ure eeemed to have arisen from the inside, there wai reason to believe that it was inten- tionally caused. There was no evidence, however, to indicate the incendiary. The jury found thit the place had been wilfully set fire to, but there was not sufficient evidence to show by yhorn. Dr. Yoil held an inquest on Friday after- noon, at the morgue, on the body of James Gebbie, who was found floating in the Yarra above thflFalls, on the 17th inst. From the evidence taken, it appeared that deceased had for several years been a constable in the Mel- bourne pdice force, but waa recently dis- missed fa misconduct. On the evening of the 0(h inst. deceased went to the house of h"s brother in-low, Timothy Hayes, a couBtabe, at Prahran, and spoke of his having been dismissed from the force. He then appeared to be in a state of delirium trenens. Ho took some tea and lay down on tin sofa, where he was when Hayes went out on duty, but had left before his re- turn, at five next morning. At about four o'clock, deceased went to tho constable on duty at Prinle's-bridge, and gave him a watch and 5s. in mtney, requesting him to give the money and watch to another constable from whom he hal borrowed them. On leaving, he went in the direction of Melbourne. He was not seen again till his body was found on Thursday last. The hands of deceased wore then tied in front of him, in such a manner that it appeared probable that they wert tied by himself. The body bore no marks of violence, and seemed to have been in the water for several days. It appeared that fhu manner of deceased whon speaking to the constable at the bridge waa very wild, and would have justified the constable in detaining him, but he know but little of deceased or of the circumstances of bin dismissal, ard consequently paid little attention to hin. The jury returned a verdict of "Found Drowned," adding their opinion that deceased d10 wned himaolf on the lOtb, while sufferiig from delirium tremens. The city coroner held an inquest on Satur doy, at tho receiving-house for lunatics, at the Royal-park, on the body of a deceased patient, named Edward Taylor, aged sixty nine years, who wasadmitted in March, 1865, and died on the Bth inst. In accordance with the medical evidence, death was found to have occurred from chronic mania and consumption. The following rewards have been paid from the Police Fund in the course of last week :- To Constable James Byrne (98), at Maldon, the sum of £2, in acknowledgement of his' services in the arrest and prosecution of James Rilen, sentenced to four years for cattle stealing. To Constable James Browne (1486), at Chiltern, £8, for his services in the arrest and prosecution, under the Vagraut Act, of three Chinese pilferers, Ah Leong -and Ah Kay, sentenced to three months each, and Chin Kee, sentenced to two months' imprisonment. To Detective (1st class) Charlos Black (83), at Melbourne, the sum of £5 for his exertions in obtaining information which lod to seizure of an illicit still in Simpson'g-road, Richmond, and the conviction of Alexander Russell, sen- tenced to six monthB' imprisonment, in de- fault of payment of a fine of £50, for having the same on his premises. last Friday's Government Gazette offers a reward of £50 for such information as will lead to the nireßt and conviction of the person or persons guilty of setting fire to the Foundry Hotel, Greenwich, Williamstown, on the night of Saturday, April 21. " On Wednesday evening," reports the Ararat Advertiser, " a miner named Collins, on returning from tho township to his residence, fell to the bottom of an abandoned forty-foot shaft in the vicinity of the Perseverance Com- pany's claim. About four o'clock on Thursday morning his cries reached the ears of a party living close by, and who immediately wont to his assistance, when he waB found hanging with his hands and knees to the side of the shaft, within nine feet of the surface. From his own account, when brought to the top, it appears he had previously reached the same distance, but missing his hold he fell again to the bottom; in his second venture, he was more successful, and his continued cooeying soon brought him assistance. With the ex- ception of a broken nose and a few scratches on the body and limbä, Collins is littlo the worse from his nocturnal adventure." " About two months ago," remarks the Ben- digo Advertiser, " three black cockatoos were observed flying overhead by Mr. Sjuires, keeper of the railway crossing at the Sixth White Hill, and getting a gan he winged one of tbem, which he caught, and as it was not badly wounded careful attention soon brought it round. The bird is now extremely tame, walking about the place like any other do- mestic fowl, and has learned to talk. It is nothing unusual for white cockatoos to be tamed and to thrive in confinement, but it is a most rare occurrence for the black species to be domesticated and to leam all the social habits of its white rival." "A curious robbery," the Mount Alexander Mail reporte, " took place on the night of Friday, at the Lounge. Messrs. Seymour Brotherá had on Wednesday tapped a twenty eight gallon cask of pale brandy, and drawn from it two gallons, leaving it safe and sound. On Saturday, soys the Times, it was found that the cask was quite empty, and what ren- dered the theft more remarkable is the fact that, although the cellar contained any quan- tity of portable stuff, nothing else wob taken. The door of the cellar was found bolted, and not a spilt drop of liquor could be found-not even a smell. But there could be no mistake about it, as the cûbIc had been gauged on Friday, and found to contain twenty-five gallons. The key to the mystery appears to be that the flaps of the collar are bo absurdly contrived, that the bolt may be easily shot from the outside, and as easily returned to its position. Of course, no clue haB been ob- tained to the theft, and the somewhat heavy loss must be borne, and serve as a caution for greater care in future on the patt of the losers." We regret to find the following in the Mount Alexander Mail of Saturday last :-" Mr. Nixon, who for the last two years and a half has conducted this journal, has been confined to the house since Saturday last with a bad leg, the result of burns sustained by sitting too near the fire while in a state of lethargy from exhaustion. Mr. Nixon's health has for a long time past been very precarious and he linda hlmeelf compelled to relinquish the duties of journalism, at least until rest from mental exertion shall have restored his strength. Ho ia at present unable to walk, and it is not likely he can get about for a week or two at least. Mr. Nixon, whose con- nexion Arith this journal will shortly cease, will remain in Castlemaine, to engage proba- bly hereafter with others in an enterprise which will be of considerable benefit to all classes of the community." " A very curious description of bird was captured at Opossum Gully three days ago,' soys the Ararat Advertiser, " when engaged in conflict with a hawk. It was since sont to Ararat, Avhere it died, owing, wo presume, to Bomo .injuries it sustained during the fight. The bird seems to be of the gull species, and is beautifully marked with black marled spots on a white ground. The white feathers glisten like satin, and lend to the plumage a pecu- liarly soft rich appearance. The beak, which is about three inches and a half long, gives evidence of having possessed great strongth, and is black and slightly curved. The feet are webbed, and the wings Bhaped much like the flappers of the penguin. Some of the oldest busbmen in the town have examined the bird, and they are unanimous in Btating that they have never Been any in this or other inland districts of aimilar mark and plumage. We are informed that Mr. WilBon, of Longerenong, captured one of these birds some years ugo. It was obierved in fierce conflict with a tame ewan, and was afterwards taken by means of a bait thrown into the water. The ewan beat its antagonist, but the defeat seemed to have little effect upon its voracity. Mr. Wilson kept the bird for nearly a year before it died." The same journal adds:-"A very large tiger-cat was caught a short time since near Mount Wil- liam Station, by Mr. Clegg. The animal was found fast held by a huge iron trap, which was securely tied to a sapling or rail, When the fastening was unloosed the prisoner sprang at its captor with the utmost ferocity, notwithstanding the weight of the iron .that clenched its leg, and it Avaa not without difficulty that Mr. Clegg succeeded in de- spatching it. On being examined it was found to measure three feet six inches from tho nose to the point of the tail, and in all other respects was large in proportion. The skin, which is a light brown, is beautifully marked with dense black stripes. Mr. Clegg describes the animal, when alive, as presenting a most formidable appearance, and as an opponent that few would care to encounter if its move- ments were unimpeded." The New Tork Tribune of the 10th of Fe- bruary has the following :--" Waddell, the commander of the rebel pirate ship Shenan- doah, has written a letter from his place of exile in England to a friend in Mo- bile, in which, besides giving an account of his raid on the American whalemen in the Arctic, and calling Secretary of the Navy Welles a wilful liar, he devotes a portion of his 6pleen to an invective against the South, for which he Bays he hos now very little re- spect, as she waa false to lier cause, and he belioves was not in earnest. He gives us to understand that he did not fail to put money in his purse by his piratical operations, since he tells us that, though in exile, -.he is far from being a ruined man." The Bendigo Advertiser gives the following as an instance of candour rewarded :-" Some time ago a man named Cory was summoned by George Brown, revenue officer, Eaglehawk, for sly-grog selling, and was acquitted through the oyldence of a man named Thornton, who said that he had received 4s. Gd. from one William White to purchase eomo grog with, but that he had not bought the bottle of gin, said to be illegally sold, at Cory's, but had dug up a bottle of his own that he had planted near that person's house some time previously. Thornton waa yeäterday brought up by Brown, charged with illegally selling the same bottle of gin, and convicted out of his previous disinterested though Blightly verdant confession. To his ovident disgust, he was fined £5, and, in default of paymont, imprisoned for fourteen days." On the subject of Mr. Verdon's proposed trip to England, the Ballarat Star writes : " It so happenB that we know what tho Go- vernor has undertaken to prove. He has put In two pleas, both of which are singular in their way, when pleaded in refutation of the censures of an officer of the home Govern- ment, guided by the best legal authorities of the realm. We are told that Sir Charles Dar- ling first pleads the plenary powers of his office, and secondly, ' as the king can do no wrong, so the king's representative in the co- lonies íb equally privileged, the responsibility in each case resting with the Ministers and advisers of either the king or governor.' The first plea is obviously a denial of the power of the home Government to call his acts into question, and could as properly be pleaded by Governor Eyre as by Sir OharleB Darling. The question, however, is not only what those powers are, but how they have been exercised. Of this last question, the home Government is clearly the sole judge, and it can as properly recall the Governor of Victoria as of Jamaica ; and if our patriotB approve of the one act, how can they, on this plea, disapprove of the other? Here íb a ques- tion to be answered. The other plea is baBed on a fallacy, as Sir Henry Barkly proved, in a despatch from which we quoted only a short time ago. If a governor can do no wrong, how is it that he is liable to im- peachment ? Who ever heard ot a sovereign being impeached ? Sir Henry Barkly wrote 'the fundamental maxim, "a king can do no wrong," must be inapplicable to the sove- reign's deputy, who is liable to impeachment, to action, to removal from ófrico on address of the House of Commons or colonial Legis- lature.' But even if we admit the plea, it does not cover the case. Sir Charles Darling ventured to do what no king or queen of Great Britain dare attempt, ne dared to levy taxes without the consent of the Legis- lature, and to expend the p'ublic moneys without tho sanction of an Appropriation Act. He claimed to be a king and something moro, for he practically acted as a despot. If this is the case to be set up, and we are told it 1b, Mr. Verdon may stop in the colony, and Sir CharleB Darling may save himself the anxiety and expense of eeeking a further inqniry. The absurdity of the case is not, we fear, likely to deter a Ministry whose career has been one long, ridiculous assump- tion of power. The game will be continued until the last card is played, and disputed after that. The members of the Opposition should, therefore, ask for information at once, as to whethor it is true that the Trea- surer is on defending bent, and whom and what he is going to defend. There is not, to us, any very clear evidence that the servicos of Mr. Verdon are required in England, even in his martial character, whilst if arma cedunt togco, his presence as an advocate of the Go- vernor will be a slur upon the colony and an insult to the home Government." " SnakeB," remarks the Gipps Land Times, " have not yet retired to their winter quarters. A few evenings ago a young lady who resides near Clydebank, went a little after sundown to her dairy for some milk, when, on putting her hand on the milk dish-it being quite dark-to her great surprise she laid hold of a large snake. The animal hissed, and of course the lady dropped It and screamed. Assistance soon arrived, but the reptile escaped through Borne crevices in the floor." The farmers of North Gipp3 Land, it is stated, are about to form an association for the purpose of agitating the question of pro- tection to the farmer. " On Saturday," says the M'lvor Times, " a large native bear was shot in the tree at the back of Mr. Carter's place; the animal, no doubt, carno from tho ranges for a drink, and finding the tree near to the creek, ho deter- mined on taking a spell near water, at least so it appears. Ho must havo travelled some distance past dwellings to arrive at the spot where he was found." A pitiful tale is told by the Gipps Land Times, which Bays :-" An unfortunate man named Edward Barsham, who for some time past has been confined in the lock-up at Grant, undergoing medical treatment, has lately been forwarded from that place to Sale, where he now lies in prison until the expira- tion of his term, which takes place on the 10th instant. His is indeed a hard lot, and his case of such a nature as should at once excite the sympathies of the benevolent, For three weeks he lay ii» an old hut on the Twelve-mile Creek, near the Dargo diggings, suffering all the horrors of want and exposure to the weather, added to which the lower part of his body was completely paralysed. In this condition he waa discovered by the police, who in the existing state of tho law had no other resource but to arrest him as a vagrant, when, in order that his wants might bo attended to, he was sentenced under the act to a term of imprisonment. A prison, how- ever, is not the place where wants like his can be properly supplied, as so helpless ¡s he that he cannot assist himself in any way, but has to bo carried in and out of his cell by the constables In charge. A medical gentleman in Sale has given it as his opinion that in his present condition he cannot long survive, so with a view to furnishing him with those attentions which his case demanda an effort, we understand, is about to bo mode to have him transferred to the temporary hospital. His sentence, as we before stated, expiros on the 10th iiiBt., when, if nothing be done for him in the meanwhile, the police will have no alternative but to again arrest him upon a similar charge. We trust, however, that Buch a course will not be rendered necessary ; but that many helping hands will bo ex- tended to hirn In his oxtremity." "Among a quantity of the Wombat-hill tailings," Bays the Daylesford Mercury, " brought from a depth of 200 feet from the surface, some curious deposits of sheila of a character which we havo always taken to be of the salt sea, have been found ; the shells ' are small, and in every variety of form. To a "ôhchologist, this collection of shells, in such an unlooked-for position, should have some interest. Geologists might also bo disturbed in their theoiies at finding instances of marine deposit at Buch an elevation, when the general experimental teaching of our mines íf, that there are few, if any, traces of marine deposits in the continent." The Okarila Times of the 2nd inst. says : " We have still the same talc to tell of the lake and the ranges. Prospectors are out, but no returns worthy of mention have come to hand. At the Five-mile the late high tides have done a vast amount of mischief. The beach is completely levelled fiom the Three to tho Five Mile, and the claims at the northern end may be eaid to be obliterated. The whole of them were washed into one, the paddocks were filled up, and heaps of washdirt, which their owners had calculated on obtaining hun- dreds of ounces from, have been lost." " An accident of a rather serious nature occurred to Mr. Georgo Green, of York-street. on Tuesday night," soyß the Qippslandtr, " while coming from Glenmaggie. It appears that, owing to the darkness of the night, the vehicle in which he was travelling came in contact with a stump, and the violence of the concussion precipitated Mr. Groen and his Bon William, who accompanied him, into the road. Mr. Green, we believe, fell on some portion of a tree, and sustained several severa bruises and airains, but nono, wo understand, of a dangerous character. Tho horse was I much Injured. Mr, Green, j un,, escaped unhurt." " The peculiar difficulty of bringing families into this district," remarks the Wood's Point Times, "waa clearly illustrated on Monday last, by the arrival of Mr. Ainsworth, our mining surveyor. On one horse two fine little fellows were strapped to the saddle. The eldest about seven years of age, managed to guide the horse, which, being a very quiet one, Eeemed to be aware of the responaibility of ita situation, and selected ita own road. Another little one waa Boated in front of Mr. Ainsworth. This must have been attended with considerable inconvenience and risk in coming down some of our steep spurs-not perhaps to Mr. Ainsworth so much, who is an excellent horseman, as to those who bave to travel in a similar manner without his experience in riding over these ranges. The difficulty of bringing children up here sepa- rates many families who might otherwise be united, and have happy homes in these ranges." " We have heard on good authority," says the Ovens Advertiser ot Thursday last, "that the Honourable Henry Parkes, the Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, will to-day arrive in Beechworth en route for Melbourne. The bon. gentloman, regarding Beechworth as the piincipal town in tho Ovens district, will, we understand, make himself acquainted with the working of its principal Govern- ment institutions, especially the police and gaol regulations. The Hon. Mr. Parkos will, as we are informed, also viBit the chief centres of gold-mining operations in Victoria prior to hie departure." Mr. Joseph Jefferson's engagement at the Adelphi Theatre terminated with the 172nd performance of "Rip Van Winkle" on the evening of the 10 th of March. He was to proceed from thence to Liverpool and Man- chester, at each of which places he waB en- gaged to appear in the Bamo character for six weeks. When he returns to the Adelphi it will be in a now character, in a thoroughly original and very promising piece written for him by Mr. Boucicault, entitled " The Parish Clerk." After enjoying a longthened run at the Surrey Theatre, the drama of " East Lynne," in which Miss Avonia Jones (Mrs. G, V. Brooke) has distinguished herself bo greatly, is to be replaced by a new piece written for her by Mr. Watts Phillips, entitled " Theodora, Actress and Empress," the sub- ject being borrowed from Byzantino his- tory. At the late Randwick Races (Sydney), five men, recent arrivals from the penal settle- ment at Western Australia, were apprehended by Camphin, the detective, on charges of stealing watches. The watches Avere traced to the owners, and the men committed for trial. One of the watches, a gold one, valued at £80, was presented to Mr. O'Brien, of Tatteisall's, by the All-England Eleveu, and was adroitly taken from that gentleman during the races. A late number of the Aldershot and Sand- hurst Military Gazette contains a highly com- plimentary reference to Colonel Thompson, of the lath Hussars, and the men under his command, on their removal from Aldershot. Major-General Hodge, in addressing the re- giment, Baid a wonderful improvement had taken place in their discipline feince they had been stationed at the camp. In consequence of the very favourable report to Lieutenant General Yorko Scarlet, he ordered all pri- soners of the 14th Hussars to be released. Colonel Thompson is the eldest son of Mr. Pearson Thompson, barrister of Daylesford. The skating rink at the Apollo-hall is un- doubtedly at the present moment one of the most popular of Melbourne amusements. On Saturday night it was crowded with skaters, good, bad, and indifferent-but chiefly, it must be confessed, bad. Time, however, will doubtless remedy this defect, and the evolu- tions of our roller Bkaters will become-to borrow a term from Miss Arabella Allen more " BAvanllke." The arrangements for the accommodation of all classes are of a very complete character, the evenings of the week being suitably divided between all-comora, the membere of the open society styled " The Melbourne Skating Club," and the exclusives, who, under the designation of " The Victoria Skating Club," are now engaged in forming their association by ballot, with Mr. Claud Fario as their president and Mr. W. C. Biddle as their honorary secretary. The Press Dramatic Amateurs, who are continuing their country campaign on behalf of the Brooke Memorial Fund, played at Geelong on Saturday. The ladles whom the amateurs had previously appeared with again gave their valuable services, and thus assured the success of the performance. An audience which does not derive pleasure from " London Assurance," cast with Mrs. B. G. W. Lewis (Miss Rose Edonin) as Lady Gay Spanker, Miss Lizzie Naylor as Grnco Harkaway, and Miss Julia Edouin as Pert, must indeed be something more than critical. In this in- stance both the ladies and the amateurs Eecured the approbation of their patronB, and the leading performers received the honours of a call. Captain Humphreys, it should be mentioned, undertook Charles Courtly, and played it so well as to thoroughly conceal its thankless and difficult character. The " Colleen Bawn" avbs produced on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal, Avlth an exceedingly good cast, and before a very good audlenco. The part of Miles-na-Coppa- ieen was taken by Mr. John Collins, who acted with a vivacity and humour which drew down the enthusiastic applause of tho audience. In the course of the piece, he sang " The Crulskeen Lawn " and " Tho Boys of Kilkenny," for each of which he received an encore. Miss Adelaide Bowering as the Col- leen Bawn rendered with groat feeling the simple and loving Irish girl, and the other partB of the piece were well sustained. The success of the "Colleen Bawn" depends largely on spectacular effect, and in this respect the piece was very well placed on the stage. The evening's entertainment waB con- cluded by the farce of " The Turned Head." A beautiful specimen of phosphorescent fungi has been obtained in the neighbour- hood of Prospect Village. The Launceston Examiner says :—"In shape it is something like an umbrella that has been inverted by the wind : the gills are thus on the outside, as is the case in agaricus virgineus, to which in- deed it bears a strong resemblance. It is of an incgular figure, but on its longest side it is about four inches and a half, with a circum- ference which, if perfect, would be as large as the top of a tnmbler. The whole of this plant, with the exception of about an inch of the stem, is remarkably luminous, so much so as to enable printed matter to be distin- guished when brought into close contact with it." The treasurer acknowledges receipt of the following contributions to the fand for estab- lishing an asylum and school for the blind : Captain Standish, £2 ; Messrs. R. and W. Aitken, £2 2s. ; Messrs. M'Cluro and Valen- tine, £1 IS. ; a friend, 2s. Gd. There were 347 prisoners in the Central Gaol on Saturday last, classified as followd : Avvaitiu'g trial-before the Supreme Court, 11 males, 2 females; before magistrates, 11 males, 5 females. Under sentence-death re- corded, 1 male ; to road gang, 2 males ; to hard labour, 127 males, 19 females ; detained for imprisonment, 73 males, 33 females ; as lunatics, 22 malee, 14 females; in default of bail, 17 males, 11 females. Total, 2U4 males, 83 females. , . ;f j' 