OUR LONDON, LETTER. London, July 25, 1866. Who knoweth what a day may bring forth"?" Surely no single month in our time has been produc- two of such, results I have to chronicle. My news is as sensational as the galleries at Versailles. We left Prussia and Italy opposed and in arms against Austria. The respective armies were being massed upon the frontiers, while neutral Powers were employed sh attempts to lay by diplomatic nostrums, the ghost of a war. which arose grim and terrible. The public sympathy in this country sided with Austria. Prussia was too much identified with the clever and taught? Bismark to obtain well-wishers, and Italy lad apparently forfeited public confidence by an alliance with so retrograde a country as Prussia, or with a Government so despotic as that of William king by Divine right. Not only did Austria win good opinions abroad, but within the bounds of the Federation. The chief Powers of the Band, certainly the majority of the thirty-five States, considered her Cause as their own, and determined to back up their opinion with arms. When Russia offered assistance to Austria, she, relying on the spirit of a splendid army, and the concurrence of these mines." States, considered the work before her of too' easy a character to require assistance And replied that she could crush both, tar antagonists without any foreign arms. It was generally supposed that Austria would detach Italy from Prussia by the cession of Venetia (very much the same game that Francis played with Charles V to detach him from Henry VIII., which he did, and that then the house of Hapsburg might a leisure proceed to stamp upon and crush out, the' pride of the house of Hohenzollern. The result, however, is otherwise. I have before me a proclamation dated July 10th, signed Francis Joseph, and posted on the walls of Pesth, in which that young man tells the Hungarians that, having lost and he is coming to throw himself upon the loyal attache Xnent of his " dear children of Hungary." report says that some of these " dear children "-chastened, Deceased loved, doubtless-are be ready to salute the double- headed eagle, and to spill their blood for the beautiful Empress Elizabeth (whose tears move the tender-hearted race as they were to espouse tho cause of the renowned Maria Theresa. He is coming, he says, to be crowned king, and to give them no end of constitutions and liberties. This is a some what late move for the man who stood over those prostrate liberties in 1818 with dripping sword! If there is any truth in type, however, it is a fact, to which is attached another fact no less suggestive and interesting. Kossuth, the ex Dictator of Hungary, has issued from the Italian camp a counter-blast which is thinning the Austrian rank and file, and shedding hope into the sick hearts of his oppressed and long- suffering fellow-countrymen. All this, you say, implies a terrible emergency. It does, but not greater than that which exists. The proud Hapsburg is indeed humbled. Within one short week he fell back crushed and defeated before the Prussian legions, and besought the good offices of France by the cession to her of Venetia. The Prussians began by occupying Hanover and Saxony. They met and overthrew Bcnedek, who had concentrated the Austrian forces on the northern frontier of Bohemia with the design of subduing Silesia, and, advancing upon Berlin through that territory, seized upon Prague, and are now within a few miles of Vienna, awaiting the yes or no of Austria to the proposed discussion of peace on terms suggested by France, and acquiesced in by, I believe, both the opposing Powers. Italy was the first to break ground. Had I kept my last letter one day longer it would have contained intelligence of the defeat of the Ring, who nearly lost his son the Prince Amadeus in a collision with the Austrians under the Archduke Albert, just after passing the Mincio, on the anniversary of the battle of Solferino, and very nearly within the lines that confined that action which has made the 24th June, 1859, a red letter day in the French and Italian military calendars. When the news of the battle reached England i Tras regarded as a prelude to further disasters. The numeric force and high discipline of the Austrian army seemed to assure greater apprehension in France than here, for the French made no secret of their dis- appointment-they spoke of the interference of France, and wanted to know where the Prussian were lurking at a time of such emergency. On the question curiosity was soon set at rest, for no sooner had we come in possession of the confused reports of the battle of Custozza (as the sanguinary contest is termed), and were trying to disentangle truth seem mere rumour or misrepresentation, than the telegraph flashed the news of the battle of Bohemia, where the number of dead, wounded, and prisoner amounted to 40,000 on the side of Austria. The battle was fought on the 26th of June between Marshal Benedick and the Crown Prince of Prussia, supported by Prince Frederick Charles. The Austrian line, composed of 300,000 troops, extended nine miles between Joscphstadt and Nimburg. The Prussian force, of equal strength, opposed its course northwards. Dr. ' Russell, the correspondent of the London Times, furnishes an account that ranks with his best descriptive efforts, and should be read every line of it. from his watch-tower at Koniggratz he witnessed the awful agony of battle, until obliged to evacuate his position. " For some hours," says he, " the Austrians not only held their own, but were manifestly making progress, especially on the left, so that at 2 o'clock (the conflict commenced at 7.30 a.m.) on the left and centre there could be no hesita-' lion in saying that the Prussians were all but beaten." While the Austrian centre was pressing Upon the retreating Prussians a gap was left in their line. This being detected by the Prussians no time was lost, under cover of the rain and smoke, to acquire a position in rear of the spot where the Austrian centre should have been. Thence fire was opened on the flank of the Austrian gunners, everything was thrown into confusion, and the battle lost. Had the 40,000 sabres been well led the day might have been Austria's even then ; but a leader such as headed the Light Cavalry charge at Balaklava was Wanting, and nothing but a decent cover to the retreat was effected. The Austrian right is driven down in a helpless mass towards Koniggratz, quivering and palpitating as the shot and shell passed through it. Men were drowned in hundreds as they crowded over pontoon bridges, hastily laid, and sunk, orchard, etc the columns could cross over ; luggage trains, reserve ammunition, guns, prisoners, the spoils of that enor- mous host, fell into the hands of the victors, who remained masters of that hard fought field, covered for nine miles with myriads of the slain. The course of events is strikingly displayed by the telegrams forwarded to the Emperor by Benedek. The first ran: "8 in the morning. The battle is commencing. Pray to God." The second : " Noon. The battalions are wavering. Pray to God." The third : "5 in the afternoon. The Prussians are beaten. Return thanks to Qui." Dr. Russell reports that at a later hour the Marshal left the field, exclaiming " All is lost but my life ! Would to God I had lost that too!'' To him had been entrusted every arrangement for the whole conduct of the war. The supreme command now devolves upon the Archduke Albrecht, who returns with the prestige of success from conflict with Italy. It would seem that there was something more than an oversight on the part of the Austrians to account for the Prussian success. The Prussian infantry appears to possess an arm that multiplies its power to a prodigious extent. A battalion furnished with the celebrated needle gun is said to he able to fire ten rounds to one of its opponents. A Paris correspondent of one of the London journals says that the Prince Imperial, desiring to have this weapon explained to him, the Emperor took him into the garden and commanded a sentinel to load and fire in quickly as he could for his amusement. The man obeyed, but before he could discharge His piece once, the Emperor, "who had carried a needle gun- from his study, loaded and fired five times. " Hein," said the Emperor, " it's quicker work with this gun than with yours ; would you like to have one i " " Certainly, sire. "Then so you shall," answered the Emperor. Rumour says that the offer of this invention was rejected by England and by France, probably by Austria too, and now those who refused the proffered weapon appear wild to become possessed of it. From the detailed accounts of its mechanism, which you will see,; there is nothing in the gun itself that cannot be' copied. The secret lies in the charge. This is inserted in the breech, the charge, the ball, and the explosive substance being in one case. When this is placed in the breech the trigger is drawn; which, instead of discharging a hammer upon a capped nipple, sets free a needle, which darts through the powder and forcibly strikes against the rear of the bullet upon which is lodged some explosive material that immediately responds to the appeal. Now it is the nature of this explosive powder which is unknown save to the Prussian Government, and the two inventors who, if we are to trust report, enjoy all they wish for at the hands of the Prussians, except liberty. Every demand is gratified, but day and night thePrussianeyeof a Prussian staff officer unwink ingly regards their motions ! Happy fellows. Austria, however, is manufacturing needle guns at the rate of 2000 a day. France is supposed to be at work in the same direction, an order having been given for one million guns to be ready in a month, and an order has been issued from our own Horse Guards to make 40,000 Enfield rifles breech-loading, and to provide 140,000 new weapons -Before the . close of the year ; while the Government has directed experiments to be made with Mr. Snyder and Mr. Gale's breech- loaders, both of which are said to excel the Prussian arm as far as that excels the Austrian. After the defeat of Sadowa, as the Battle of Bohemia is sometimes styled, the telegraph began to work with tremendous rapidity between Paris and Vienna, and the result was a diplomatic victory that made Paris delirious for several days and nights, and sent her Into flags and coloured lamps, M. Drouyn de Lhuys remained closeted with the Emperor throughout one day, July 4, till a quarter to 8 in the evening,! Prince Metternich was suddenly ushered into the , Emperor's cabinet, and _ handed to the Emperor, in presence of this Minister, a message he had just received from his Sovereign, authorising him to announce the cession of Venice to France, and to negotiate with the Emperor for an armistice. This was " the diplomatic victory." While her husband was so engaged, the Empress was heroically infusing courage into cholera patients at Amiens, and, returning late, was received by Louis Napoleon, at the railway station, with the following words, which, if not true, should be " Eugenie, this has been a good day for France ¡ you at Amiens, I, in Paris, have done a good day's work." Good as the day's work looked at the time both to the Emperor and to the excited people who thronged theBeulevards of Paris exclaiming-, " Quel homme quo cent Empereur ! Quel genre 1 En voila un diplomats the expression of joy was found to be a little premature. An elephant is not always a seasonable gift; to a man ; nor half paid-up shares in a company just about to go to grief-and so the Emperor found. It was a clever though not a magnanimous hit of Austria so to gain the good offices of France by flattering her vanity, and so at least to embrangle Italy with France, if she could not be severed from Prussia. Italy was furious. The indignation of the nation flamed out on the bare suggestion that Venetia should be received from France and not acquired by arms. Such language wounded the pride of the French people who replied " You were glad enough to get Lombardy by means of our arms, why be too proud to receive Venetia by means of our negotiation ? At all events the cession is made to us." The Emperor's Commissioner is now in possession, and the tricolour flies with the yellow and black flag of Austria throughout the fortified coast of Venetia. Austria having implied that Italy might now withdraw from the contest, her claims being satisfied, Italy announced her resolution to continue offensive operations against the Austrian Empire, in common with Prussia, who would not agree to an armistice, engagements having been mutually entered into by both Powers not to relax their efforts until Austria should grant satisfactory terms for the conclusion of peace. While the Italians and Prussians were pushing on to take advantage of their victory- Cialdini having the temerity to cross the Po ! -the telegraph wires between Paris, Berlin, Florence, Vienna, London, and St. Petersburg were flashing messages to and fro, and before the army of 400,000 men which Austria had placed across the Danube to defend its capital had been attacked by the Prussians, an armistice of five days, from the 22nd, was agreed upon, to discuss the arrangement of conflicting claims upon certain bases. Without saying more on the question at present I will just add that Austria agrees to retire from the Germanic Confederation, and to recognise a reconstruction of that body in which she will take no part. The upshot of the affair will now be that two confederations will exist in place of one, and that a United Italy will take a place by their side. In this case there is some chance of a peace, which is impossible so long as each of the two rival powers is seeking to be ditz in the same Bund. Opinion has much changed with respect to Prussia. People who were captivated with Austrian promises now begin to feel that Prussia is alone equal to the position her arms have acquired-in fact, that unless Prussia leads there can be no Germany, and that as the Prussians are more liberal than the Government all will go well. Thus Bismark will have attained what he has worked for incessantly these three years past. As to Austria we have little to regret. Her past has been so oppressive, so subversive of that true order which proceeds from a just recognition of the rights of man, that even though she were to fail in her attempt to settle those | provinces as head of Danubian Confederation, which she overawed by her position as a great German Power, Europe would not he seriously disturbed. Minus Italy and Germany, she will still have 30,000,000 of people, whose well-directed energies may achieve for her a higher place amongst the great Powers than she now holds. Now for a screed on domestic affairs, At a period of such serious complication abroad, at a time when a ( commercial panic was bringing down one time honoured institution after another, when the Bank was discounting money at 10 per cent., when one of our colonies was threatened with invasion, and when re- | volution in Spain was looked for, England was without a Government for three weeks ! An amendment having been proposed and carried to increase the county franchise from £14 to £17 and the Ministry feeling that this would damage their project, threw up the reins, announcing their intention to her Majesty on the 26th June. After some delay, her Majesty being in Scotland, their re- signations were accepted. Mr. Gladstone went in Opposition, and we are now under the benign reign of a Tory Ministry, the Earl of Derby as Chief, and Mr. Disraeli, Chancellor of the Exchequer, leader in the Commons. Lord Stanley's appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs is regarded with some satisfaction ; but should you wish to know what the Ministry really is composed of, and the forces it has to contend with, I advise you to read the article in the July number of the British Quarterly Review, of which people are asking " Who wrote it i" I may answer the question in Sydney, though I could not hero-the youngest member for the city of London. The cure gium on Mr. Gladstone is fully merited. His position has been singularly trying, particularly in following such a man as Lord Palmerston. The Parliament which he was called to lead was loosely pledged to principles, but undisguisedly apprehensive of the new leader's sympathy with the enfranchised masses, and he found that he possessed the most shadowy majority. Still he went forward for Reform, pretty well convinced at the close of the struggle, if he were not at the commencement, that, " though the bill had been framed in heaven's chancery by the recording angel, it would not, could not, have pleased or propitiated the House of Commons." Prosecuting the fight under every species of covert attack made by the Friends of Reform," and the enemies whose thrusts were less deadly, this noble champion of the people bore himself calm and resolute. An eye-witness of the vexatious contest says, " I must conscientiously admit that I do not believe that any statesman, having a due regard to his own honour, could have borne himself with loyalty to his cause, or with a juster deference to the views of the House. From his very organisation he must be specially susceptible to taunt, sneer, insinuation, however delicate or covert, it may be, and Heaven knows these were rained on his head for four long months ; yet I do not remember a single instance in which he lost his temper, compromised his dignity, or transgressed the limits of that decorum which is looked for in a Minister of the Crown human as he must be." He has fallen to Teste rise sponger than ever in the public conviction of his honesty and truth.? By his resignation of his proud position on a question of principle," says the same writer, " Mr. Gladstone has more than ever entitled himself to the respect of his opponents, the devotion of his friends, and the gratitude of his country." It is not to be expected that the Derby Government can exist long in the face of such an opposition as Gladstone will lead against them. Their strength will scarcely be I tested this session, which is nearly closed- the races T^be^hdrTTbut I question result whether they Means landed "55 these classes to Mrs Gladstone, and urging him to go on. The legality of these meetings in London has been questioned, and the people annoyed first band themselves twitted with indifference to Reform because two of mob Westminster and then that they are out of order when they do, determined to try their right. There being sufficient space in any of the London squares, a meeting was called for Monday evening, at 7 o'clock, in Hyde-Park So the Home Beef pens a notice which reads as though he were about to put down a riot, and directs the Park gates to be closed at 6 o'clock, and entrance refused. At the appointed time the procession arrived, borne finding no access, adjourned to open spaces elsewhere bespeak their minds; others loitered about, and when the great pressure of the crowd tore down the frail railing in Park Lane, they entered and held their meeting. It is exposed that 60,000 people were thus admitted. Had. a riot been intended the railings would have been used as weapons of offence, but not one was touched ; there was scarce a footprint upon a flower-bed. The police, however, in obedience to orders, laid about them with vehemence, and when their efforts were found unavailing, the cavalry were ordered to clear the Park, which they did more gently than the blue coats. The conduct of the Government in thus closing the Park, even with the right to do so, which is questioned, was severely impugned yesterday in both Legislative Chambers. When so much of the Park, has been devoted to the use of the upper ten thousand, it seems hard to refuse a few thousand artisans the privilege of meeting to discuss any matter they please, seeing that the greatest part of the £200,000 invested in its purchase and planting has been contributed by these very people who are met with staves, &c.; The arrests were numerous, but a defence fund is started to pay fines. Should the Government persist there will be more collisions, and more heads broken. , ' I must not emit one important piece of news. This relates to the second voyage of the Great Eastern with the telegraphic cable. She left Sheerness on the 29th with 2400 miles of cable, 743 miles being old. In the construction of the new cable the conducting wire is covered with gutta percha, the iron wire which surrounds the gutta percha is galvanized, and the Manila hemp, which encloses the whole, is now again coated with tar. The expedition, auspiciously commenced, has been so far conducted without mishap of any kind. The splice has been effected with the old rope, and they are now 1400 miles from the Irish coast. There are but 400 miles to complete the run. All the critical points have now been passed, and the shareholders may breathe freely. The cable is now reposing along the side of the steep " Irish bank, which dips more than 10,000 feet within a space of thirty miles ; another deep chasm on the ocean bed has also been past, and on Saturday and Sunday last the Great Eastern steamed at the easy rate of 30 knots an hour over a hundred miles of the Atlantic where soundings are not obtainable of less than 2400 fathoms, or 15,000 feet. The strain on the rope was sustained, and it is now to be hoped that the bright anticipations of Mr. Cyrus Field and other promoters may be fully realised. Would that this new agency might give the news it communicates from America a better complexion. We are at a loss to know what will come out of the Philadelphia Convention. I am reminded, in referring to the Atlantic, of Lieutenant Maury's strange description in his "Physical Geography of the Ocean," of the manner in which all those who have found a watery grave are to be found standing upright, and completely preserved by the antiseptic nature of the brine. It is well that this vision of the horrors of the sea was never suggested to Edgar Allan Poe. It may be supposed, I imagine, that where the specific gravity of the bodies and the water are the same, the briny mummies are suspended. . . . . " The colonies are doing the English Church inestimable service by working out for her all the problems of emancipation." This remark is made is made in reference to a charge made against Colonial Bishops of keeping hold of endowments which were intended for bishops under the control of the State, while they eagerly availed themselves of the decisions of the Court of Appeal to claim an entirely independent position, with the right of appointing their successors. Miss Burdett Coutts, who finds her design of maintaining the relation between the Church and the State by the endowment of these bishops, by an outlay of £60,000 frustrated, insists upon the return of the money. Lord St. Leonards supported her view, while the Duke of Argyll showed the absolute necessity of making a clean and complete cut between the colonial and the English Church. " They might force by ironclads and armies a colony to accept an Established Church, but there was nothing that the colonies would more vigorously resist, and, in his opinion, with more justice resist, than an attempt to establish religion by law. He could understand why the laity of South Africa should be desirous of maintaining the supremacy of the Crown against bishops who, like the Bishop of Cape Town, not merely passed sentence on Bishop Colenso, professing to depose him from his see, but excommunicating him altogether from the Church of Christ, and denouncing him as a heathen. No doubt, in the present divided state of religious opinion in England, when one clergyman denounced the opinion of another as absolute Atheism it would be impossible, with a free Church, to maintain, in one communion men so widely differing ; but he doubted whether it was advantageous to the interests of Christian truth that men should be combined in the same ecclesiastical organisation who differed so widely." , I give this notice of the debate, because the new Colonial Secretary, the Earl of Carnarvon, expressed his conviction that there was nothing for it but to leave the Colonial Church absolutely free, which may be a fact of some interest to your readers. The cholera seems to have begun about where it left off last winter. The first claim we had was from Amiens. That place was visited in a fearful manner, soon after I dispatched my last letter and the inhabitants to purify the air collected timber and articles of furniture in the streets and kept bonfires burning night and day. The beautiful and devoted Empress of the French hearing this intelligence hastened with a single female attendant to the scene a three-hours' railway ride from Paris-entered every cholera ward of the Hotel Dieu, stood for some minutes by the bedside of every patient, and taking the hand of each-in most cases damp with the dews of death bent low to catch the answers to her thoughtful inquiries. I have not space for all the details, but the Correspondent of the Morn ivy Star (July 16) who was probably present, gives a touching description of this process, which lasted throughout a fearfully hot day till evening, when the Empress returned, and was met by her husband with the words I have quoted. She visited all the hospitals, those even for the lowest classes, and remained longest by the side of the worst cases. She remembered even the little children at the Orphan t house, tired as she was, and went in to kiss and console them. A day or two after this the Empress being complimented by a certain Marshal on her courage replied, " Monsieur, c'est notre manners called a few." " Sir, this is our woman's way of going under fire." Charming was it not J Since that time the cholera has leapt to us. To Liverpool first, and from thence to Chester. Some rumours say to London also. Happily, we are in a better state to sustain an attack than formerly, but in a country so densely populated the devastation must needs be great. Although there is no specific cure, there are modes of mitigating the virulence of the poison. Dr. Simon has been very successful. It is to be feared that the ice cure the application of ice to the spine, will not give much relief. During the present month Dr. Toynbee, the celebrated aurist, has sacrificed his life in an attempt to lessen the miseries of the deaf. He was one of a noble band of men, who are ever endeavouring to reduce the miseries of human life. Dr. Richardson's anaesthetic apparatus continues to be used with success. The operator can reduce the temperature of the thermometer to 50 below zero, and can, by causing a spray of ether to play upon any part desired, congeal and render it unsusceptible to pain without, as in the use of chloroform, affecting the entire system. RSSIL is generally considered that pacific counsels will prevail. JJ The waters of the DoadSeaand the neighbouring springs, and of the River Jordan, has been chemically examined by M. Terrell, who has forwarded a note of the results to the Academy of Sciences at Paris. The water of the Dead Sea has an oily aspect, hardly moistening the glasses from which it has been poured, and leaving an ochreous deposit of oxide of iron, alumina, silica, and inorganic matter not yet determined through insufficiency of quantity. The results of the analyses are given in tables. The density of the Dead Sea increases with its depth, and the water is not of uniform composition, as FORno contains more chloride of sodium than chloride of magnesium, and the contrary. No iodine or phosphoric acid is found in this water, and the spectroscope does not reveal the existence of lithium, cranium, or rubidium, the amount of bromine and potash which in found just lbs the expectation that the Dead Sea may become a profitable source for the production of these substances. 