Terrible Colliery Exitlosiou. NEARLY rOttTY X.IVES L0ST On Thursday, at tho Victoria pit, Dukinfield, near Asliton-undor-Lyne, a terrible explosion of fire-damp took place, resulting in the death and injury of a large number of men. Tho pit, which is the property of Mr F. D. P. Astley, is on the outskirts of Dukinfield, near the Astley new mine — Ollfi of l.llfi (IpRnfiSt ill 'Rnnlonrl Tlin nih in which the explosion took place is 500 yards deep and running on a level from 650 to 700 yards in length is a seam of coal, from three to four feet in depth, which at the time of the accident was be ing fully worked. On Thursday morning, at six o'clock, seventy-three men and boys were let down the pit, under the oharge of an overlooker named Phillips, whoso duty it was to see that the pit was free from gas. ' All appeared to be going on well until shortly before eight o'clock, when a terrific explosion was heard from the pit. The manager, Mr Wielding, with a number of others, at once descended to ascertain tho cause of tbe ex plosion, and render the assistance which there was only too muoh reason to fear would be neces sary. Thirty men were found alive, some of them badly injured, and were at onco sent up the shaft to the surface, Nineteen of these were uble to walk to their homes, but eleven were so injured and helpless as to require assistauce. It was also ascertained that thirty-two were lying dead, and that the remaining eleven were beyond reach but their fate was for some time a matter of doubt It subsequently transpired however, that six of them had escaped by another means of engress, thus leaving the number of dead thirty-aeven Medical and other aid was at once prooured both on the surface and in the pit itself and everything possible was done without delay for the injured men. As the bodies reached tho surface thoy were warspped in quilts and if recognised removed to their homes in carts provided for the purpose, or if not recognised at once conveyed to an adja cent cottage which served as a kind of dead-house The appearance of tho bodies was as that of men who had died from suffocation there being no out tonsil mnvlra nf ininrxr in enma noo'ua li1nn/1_ ing at the mouth and nose. Around stood a crowd of wailing women looking on with eager ness and as each body arrived anxiously inquiring who was the. sufforer. Tho appearance of tho bodies of the boys seemed to send a thrill of horror through the whole and the anguish of mothers as they recognised their sons was intensely painful to witness. As to the cause of the accident it is at the present time believed to have been the leakage of foul air from au adjacent old mine. Philips, the overlooker, boing amongst the dead, it is impos sible to speak to tho condition of tho drift ways before the accident. The pit was known to be a ' firing mine'— that is, a mine peculiarly liable to explosions — and the men were supplied with locked safety lamps with which it was supposed thoy could not interfere. Somo of tho boys, however, are believed to havo worked with naked lights in defiance of the rules. Amongst the' incidents attending tho dreadful explosion, some narrow escapes are mentioned. Ono men named Normington was not seriously injured by the explosion, while several near liim were killed. Knowing tho workings well, he found his way to tho bottom of tho shaft, leaving his dinner and clothes behind him. One man turned back to fetch his shirt and paid for his rashness with his life. Many of tlje men as they came to the surface looked scared and frightened, and staggered like men in a state coma. One man said he felt as if drunk, and complained of pains ? in tho stomach, as if half posioned by tho vapour from which he had esoaped. Dokinfxeld, Saturday. — It appears that- there aro about forty children and eigthteen widows left to mourn the loss of fathers and husbands by this fearful accident. All tho mon who were rescued alive are fast recovering, except two, who are in a dangerous state. Two of the widows aro near their confinements, and one poor ivoman left with thrco children now living, had one oliild die within an hour after its father was brought home dead. A Spaniard and a Gorman held a debate o ver the relalivo smartness of the different nations of the world. ' I,' said tho Spaniard, ' can take an egg from under a sitting bird without disturb ing her.' — ' Bo that,' said tho German, ' and I will lat you see what I can do.' So they went into the wood and searchod till they had found a tree with a bird's-nest near tho top of it. The Spaniard took off his sword, and bolt, and spurs, his rustling silk mantle, and his cap and plumes, laid thom at the loot of tho tree, and began noise lessly to mount. While he was intent on getting at tho nest tho German walked off with tho Spaniard's arms aud cap, and cloak and feathers It was decreed, therefore, that the Germau was tho smarter fellow. A Man Confined by his .Brotheiis for Five Yeaks. — For some- time past, says tho Scotsman, rumors were in circulation in tho vil lage of Blackburn, near Bathgate, that ono of tho inhabitants had been kept in a state of solitary confinement for a considerable time past by two of his brothers ; but although this now turns out to be a fact, no complaint seems ever to have been lodged with the police by any of tho in habitants. The particulars of tho case ate of tho most revolting and disgusting character, and could scarcely bo believed to have taken placo in any civilised community. It appears that in tho village live threo unmarried brothers named Douglas, who, iu addition to keeping a public house, have a shop in which miscellaneous goods are sold. TJjey seem to have a peculiar mode of living, as no woman was ever known to do any thing necessary in their housoliold matters — each taking his turn in all relating thereto. It is also alleged that they had a codo of self-imposed , rules; and that should any of them act contrary thereto, lie was tried by tho other two brothers, and if found guilty, no matter how trivial the offence, he had to submit to the decision of the judges, aud bear his punishment without the least shadow or liopo of mitigation. The punishment varied in extent, according to the nature of the offence, from seven days to months, and even to years, of solitary confinement, as exemplified in the present instance. The unfortunate man, as soon as condemned, was deprived of all power or. right in anything connected either with household or 'business transactions. He was confined in a close bed, no ono being allowed to see or speak to him, and was never nll™,o,i t ~ „„*:i i,:„ * ? e vj leave lb uutii uis l«l ui ui buulchuo uuu expired. These proceedings have just been brought to light through the instrumentality of the chief constable of the county, and the disclosure has caused considerable 'sensation in the district.' It isstatedthat,aboutfive years agoone of the brothers named James, was tried by tho othor two brothers for some fault. Was fcu:id guilty, and condemned it is said, to five or seven years confinement in the closed bed, which measured only 6 feet by 4 feet. During the week, the usual af plication was made in the unfortunate-man's name for'a spirit lioensing certificate. On -aocount of his/- not having been seen for years, and the rumors that were afloat, the chief constable was led to make inquiries. Not being answered satisfactorily, his suspicions were aroused, and ho, in company with Serrrennt. Andsrsnn. vennirorl tn -ni,l calling on Douglass, asked for James. On re ceiving evasive answers, they instituted a eearch, and found the-man lying in the bed before men cioned, in a state that can scarcely be described.' He was sensible, but did not remember how long he had been thero. He was in a most pitiable state, emaciated in appearance, and oovered with dirt and vermin. On the day following, the police returned to the house, taking along with them Drs. Dirk and Doig, and had the poor man removed from the bed. Tho clothing on his his person was found to be quite rotten, and the nails on his fingers and toes were from one to two inohes long.- The matter is in the Procurator Fiscal's hands. The Dead Eestored to Life. — As, en route, I had to pass by the little village of Verdiersville, where, it will be remembered, I had such a narrow escape in August, 1862, 1 stopped to pay my re pects to the kind lady who had so courageously assisted me in my retreat. The old lady, as soon as she caught sight of me, turned suddenly pale, and, with a loud shriek, fled into the house. Puzzled upon measure at so extraordinary a pro ceeding, I pressed for an explanation, when a Richmond paper was handed to me, and my atten tion directed to a paragrapn commencing, ivmoDg those who fell at the battlo of Chaneellorsville we regret to report the death of Major von Borcke,' &c.; Here following a flattering estimate of my personal qualities and a minute account of my death. My amiable friend was so firmly im pressed with . tho fact of my demise that when I accosted her she believed it was my ghost ; and evon during our subsequent interview I found some difficulty in persuading her of my identity. The rumour of my having been killed spread ovor the whole country, and was accepted as being quite true by every part of our army. A request was despatohed by Governor Letcher to General Lee to have my body forwarded, and claiming the privilege of having it interred with the honors of tho state of Virginia. To this demand. General Lee sent the following characteristic reply: — Can't spare it : it's in pursuit of Stonemau.' — Blaclcivood's. Magazine. Artemus Ward among toe Fenians. — There's two parties — O'McMahonys and McO' Pioberts. Ono thinks the best way is to go over to Oanady and establish an Irish republic there kindly permittin' tho Canadians to pay the expen ses of that sweet boon the other wants to sail direck for Dublin bay where young M'Roy and his fair young bride went down and was drowning acoordin' to a ballit I ouct heard. But there's one pint on whioh both side3 agree — that's tho funs. They're willin', them ohaps in New York to receive all the funs you'll send 'em. You send a pusB to-night to O'Mahony. and another puss to Roberts. Both will receive 'em. You bot. And with other pussos it will be similar. I wont into Mr Delmonico's eatin'-house the other night and Faw my fren, Mr Torrance M'Fadden who is a olokent and enterprisin' deputy centre. Ho was sittia' at a table eatin' a canvas-baok duck. Poultry of that kind as you know is rather high just now. I think about five dollars per , poult. And a bottle of green seal stood before him. ' IIow aro you,' Mr M'Fadden, I said. ' Oh, Mr Ward I am miserabio — miserable ! The wrongs wo Irishmen suffer ! Oh, Ireland ! Will a troo history of you sufferins ever be written ? Must we for over bo ground under by the iron heel of despotic Britain ? —-but Mr Ward won't yon eat suthin 2' 'Well,' I said, 'if there's another canvas-back and a spare bottlo of that green seal iu the house I wouldn't mind jinin' you iu boin' ground under by Britain's iron heol.' . A Western Editor apologizes- to his readerg somewhat after this fashion—' e expected to have a death and a marriage to publish this week, but a violent storm prereuted tho wedding, and' the doctor being taking 3ick himself, the patient re covered, and we are accordingly cheated out of both.' When Walter Scott was at school, a boy in tho samo class was asked by tho teacher what part of speech ' with' was.—' A noun, sir,' said the boy. — ' You young blockhead I' cried the teacher' ' what example can you give of such a thing?' , — 'I can teil you, sir,' interrupted Scott; 'theio is a verse in tho Bible whioh says 'they bound Samson with withs.'' Braggadocia. — Twp men, both cowards, met in a narrow way, neither disposed to turn out of the way. ' Give me tho road,' said one, in a braggart voice, ' or, if you don't, I'll do fer you what I did for tho man who refused it to me yes terday.' The other scrambled aside in terror, ' and when ho of the braggart voice had gone by, asked him timidly, ' What did you do, sir, to tho man who refused you the road yesterday,' and would not get out of your .way ?' -. ' Why,' said the other, ' I let him keep the road, and got out of his way. 