THE CHAMPION'S OF ENGLAND. (From the Illustrated Sporting Neirs.J I JAMES BELCUEU.-Belcher was bum ut Bristol, in 1781, und was a grandson of tho celebrated Slack. His first pugilistic performance took place in March, 1780, wlieu ho'fought and beat one Britton with the greatest ease, and in 1709, when'only nineteen years of ugo, he fought and beat tho celebrated Boddington Junes, for twonty-fiyo guineas, in'thirty-three minutes. ' After thia, iii 1799, he fought a draw with Jack Burtholomow. . A' second tight with the samo pugilist took pince May 15, 1800,' when they fought for 300 guineas,'' on a. stage on Finchley Commong. Little sparring was exhibited on either sido. 'Bartholomew,' a' stronger rnàiï than, his youthful opponent, who'wns still under twenty,' attempted' ' tb' beat him out of hand by " roughing it," and ¡"arly in tho battlósuccebdedink'nbckingdo'wn'Bélcher, but in tho third round Jem threWbi'm'heavily oh.'hi*t', hoad," and shook' Tiim severely. Bartholome bit of etulf,;porsevered, and .' contented, the battle with extraor- dinary'firmness, but'Belchb^ was' far too clever for him,, and dealt out such ¡ severo punishment thut in seventeen rounds, occupying 20 minute's, Bartholomew;" was corn polled to. acknowlo'dgo' himsplf vanquished. '. For'tho time it lasted,.this battle is said to have been one of tho most.'dcspbrato that'had ' been'known for years, and. so creditable' waa.tlio performance "bf tho youthful Belcher, that be was',by all looked upon ns the coming Champion it hoing well ' known1 to'.'the amateurs .thutit'was Mr Jacksons intention'to rot ¡re,, and 'that he had no incli- no tioji to uphold .tlie title 'sb' soon' as b utting representa- tive dould'bo found..' On tho',22nd of December, 1800 .'Belcller'fought' with Gamble,' callo.l.tho Trish .Champion, whb had been successful in 18 jirizó battles) arid who, being bigger and stronger thanBelpher,'aud possessed bf a ' voify/'coiisidorabl.e amount;'of 'science,'7 was 'ro'iitohed ogriirrst hiurby the' knowing ' 'ones for'100 guineas.', The fightjcamo'oif on; Wiiiibledon Common,' hear tho gibbe't of Jorry ArJorsháw.' Th'ó'mVt'ster bf tho' fancy was most ,. oxtraordiifary, and included 'lill tho' Coniitliiaiia of the period. Jem 'wus'seooiidéd 'by Joe , Ward 'lind Bill Gibbons,' arid Dan Mendoza "and' Coady attended'.upon ; Garnblo. The'lattbr ,Vvas''o'n:lrish'uian,',and was' backed with'{spirit by his 'cotititryinen,' arid UIBO by tho Israeli-, tish portion Of the community, who of courso took tho' office from Mendoza 'and Coady. The betting was 25 to ? 20 on Belcher. The intense interest that the mill excited, was attributable to the fact 'that' it was' generally under'*' 'stood thé whiner would ' bo allowed to claim'tho title of 'Champion of- England. Gamble's vaunted' skill appeared. as nothing' whon, coiripar'cd with\tho''activity of Jem Belcher,'wliose imtiinil talents wore so extraordinary' as -to "enable "him tb' ' treat' Gamble with'- the greatest oontompt. It was'said that £20,000 changed hands on' this match.' '" '"'"' ' ' '"' ' ' ?' ." ' ' About this timo there was much talk of a thatch between Jom and Dun. Mendoza, but however anxious Belcher might lmvo been, Dan 'never carno 'to tho 'scratch. Jom wus. now universally, acknowledged as Champion. , His first mill' in( his" ,nbw', churuqtor ' was with J oo Bourke, tho butcher,'à, nmri wbighing about'13 stone, a very powerful 'follow.' Tho match' was tho re- sult ¡of a hi.ru-up .oh ''Wiiribiodbri' Common,' in, which Bulcher was 'viotbrioúp.í '¡"It'l. took- place ' at ','Htirloy Bottom, near Maidobhead,' Novoinbor 25, 1801, for .100'. guinean. 'Tho' hittihg'bppcorstöha'ybbberi'of a. desperate' description,,audi Bltbough.'jBurkb'got'tlie,' liori'e share.'óf" punishment, still the Champion ^id not.como' off sciitlio loss. j He. was once thrown jhbavily,.'and recaived;some severo nobbers, but in tho end' his fino talents aiid'judg'' ment pulled him.through, 'au'd fae was;declared- the. win- ner in twenty'-uW' miiiu'tesl- ' ' Soon' after, the fights ho 'ap- ' pearid quito himself, and doclared ho hod soarcoly felt a blow! and in the'-ekcitomoht' of tlie'nbbment -again chal- lenged-Dan Mendoza, but thatHiero wus not to be had. 'Bourke was not ^satisfied'witli'hia dèfo&t;, àrid a second match was made for ,1,-150. guincuB.u.side, but it novor carno1 to a fight, aomo disputo, arising about; Bourke's. . socuiids., Tho monoy< was . uocprdingjy ¡ drawn, and . Belcharroceived£50aridhistrayelliugoxpbnscs. Sometime after! this they uiet^.Cumborwull ¡fair,, and, had.a turn tip, which was in favour, of Belcher, iut .Hio friouds, of bbthj interfering, it .was agreed to, postpone ,tho. affair until the folio wing,day, August 20,1,802,,-when tho'mon mot in a field, behind St. George's Chapel, now. thu buriAl ground ; of St George's, lloiiovor-uquore, 'near Tyburn,-to fight for a purse of 30. guineas t'ortho wiïinor,, and five for the loser. Bourke wus thrown iheavily, and, could not como to time. How. lopg , this battle- lasted docs, not appear, but it was less than . half au. hour.' IBelcher's exti-aordmary rapidity of action created , uni- versal astonishment, und his judgruont was not .less, remarkable. .¡So little .was ko iutiguod that ufter [li,o laill -ho walked about tile field for BOHÍO time," performing Yen's of agility. Tho next .candidate for,.superiority whom Jom liud'to Vnoot was Jack Fearby,. better known as the Young Rutilan, a boxer of : considerable famo ami-great strength, standing six feet in height, and weighing fifteen stone. They were matehod for 100 guineas, and tho fight took place, April 12, .1803, at Linton, about fifteen miles from Newmarket. This mill, which disappointed the fancy from its one-sided nature, only occupied, twenty minutes. Fearby never bad the ghost of a chance ; his former excellence appeared quite to hare deserted him. lt is only fair, however, to say that he was nt the time in his 43rd year, while his opponent waa still but 22. It was on tho 2-lth of July, in this year, that Belcher lost his eye, in-playing racquets, in St , Murtin's-street ; and, after this, his health and spirits ' declined vory perceptibly. Soon, after the accident ho took tho Jolly Butchers, in Wardour-streot, Soho. For two years after, Jem stuck to his house, and no one thought of challenging him, or attempting to wrest from him his well-earned laurels ; and indeed it waa generally supposed that he had rotired from the ring, us the loss of one oyo was such a serious detriment to the pursuit of milling.. So convinced wero his friends that bo did not intend longer to uphold bis title, that after Harry Pearce the Game Chicken, had twice conquered the powerful Bourke, one of .Tem'B opponents, with the greatest easo lie was universally failed as Champion. : After thu battle , between Pearce and Gulley, however, in October, 1803, Jem's Belcher's jealousy and anger appeared, to have unexpectedly burst out in the most rancorous manner against Pearce, although ho had boen mainly instrumen- tal in promoting the advancement of that hero, und had first [brought hun into notice. His envy at continually hearing the praises of his townsman and quondam pupil at length completely got the bettor of every other feeling and in an evil moment he dared his friend to the combat. A match was accordingly inade for. 600 guineas, which came off on the 6th of December 1806. Hero Jem, whose health had been failing ever sinco his accident, for the first time suffered defeat. . Tho : great strength of Pearce enabled, him to set at, nought the fine science of Belcher, who was,' of course,. placed at considerable dis- advantage by tho loss. of his oyo, and was conquered in eighteen rounds and thirty-five minutes, Although still, . young (he was but twenty-nine when ho fought his last battle), the loss of his oyo, and.the lifo he led as a publi can, j had great effect upon his constitution. ( His . lust defeat by Cribb caused lum not u little mortification, and he began to droop perceptibly. He waa, after.this fight, confined in Horscinohger-lane Gaol for breaking the peace, and hore ho caught a cold which settled on his lungs. He had also an ulcer ou his liver, which gave him intense pain, and hastened his end. Ho died on the 30 of July, 1811, ot his own : house, the Coach and Horses, Frith-street, Soho, in tho 31st year of bis ago. 