u Down in Lmk!s Hollow, where the gibbet ■ was?" "Ay." . . . . . : . 41A Ugly place and a ugly night. I wouldn't go«" ^ " It won't be the first time .that gibbet kept him here," said; the landlord between the whiffs of his pij>e, "as his wife could tell. Ev^r hear about it, sir 9V " No/' said the pimple-faced man., who was a stranger. * ; « Come, sit down; Traddles, and tell it." Mr Traddles looked at the fire and at the window : he cast an upward glance at the shinning brasses on the shelf; a corner of his eye took in the preparations for supper which were going on quietly ; a pewter measure threw an affectionate twinkle at him, which said, " Staythe stout old arms of the wooden settle stretched themselves out in their rough but kindly fashion, and said, -' Come, nonsense about going—sit down and • don't bother!" The settle finished it. Such beaming good humour there was in its polished back—-such an air of reckless jollity in the way^its arms were held out, and its feet, one kicking one way, one another; and so shiny was its seat, from much rubbing of d?ab unmentionables and marvellously embroidered smock frocks. It wasn't every where you could see such a settle as that; for the march of civilisation and refinement is against settles, and chimney corners, and high mantles with glittering brasses. Traddles then «at down obediently; he put out his knees wide, with a_hand resting on each "of them; he looked up amongst the hams and flitches for inspiration, and the piiBple-faced man proffered him a pipe, which' he refiosed; for Mr Traddles couldn't smoke, it gave him a tickling sensation in the throat, and if persevered in, produced a sort of blur before his visual organs, in which the prasses were seen to make rapid circuits round the room, the fire-irons to conduct themselves in a very light manner, and even the arms of i;he settle to hit out with such v yiolence against everything in general, as to : * .give rise to the idea that it was parting com ' ^tnyan the middle, and going to pieces under him. Mr Traddles did not say all this to the stranger, he merely remarked that smoking wasa bad habit for young men to get into, and shook; iis head with a self-denial very virtuous "under the circumstances. . ; " It was in the days," began Mr Twaddles " when there was a good deal doing on the ?oad—not that the trade is quite used up yet, but it's damaged; things are a little altered since Dick Turpin did his bit of a step with J^lack Bess-—there was a farmer lived down yonder"-—with a jerk of his thumb. towards the window— " Link's Hollow ?" "Ay; it was about that time my mother sjpntme—being a lad of genius, but, as she called it, poor soul, 4 a Jack-of-a31-trades, master-o -none'—away to learn ■ farming, expecting I should have money left me— which I had, but that's neither here nor there, for it's gone, somehow; long ago. It's a eimous thing, now,'' said the little man look ing into the fire, " how that money did go.' It was in a bank safe enough, as I thought; I just drew a bit now and a, bit then, thinking to make it np by-and-by; and one morning, going to ask for a small sum—a mere trifle— they said it was all gone. I don't wish to wrong anybody, but it was curious, you know!" "But the gibbet," said the pimple-faced man, impatiently. " What about that ?" " Well, the farmer was well to do ; had no chick nor child, and plenty of money; a rich man, so to speak. He used to go, like other farmers, to market, to sell his grain and get the money for it; and it was a lonely ride enough between there and Link's Hollow, but he was a bold man, and it didn't trouble him.* He Had been to market as usual, and had received money. He had it about him, bank notes and guineas, tied up in a brown holland bag, which looked all the richer because it was duty.- He took his grog well, and gave it freely to the man who had paid him,, as he always did, for he was open-lianded enough. There was a stranger sitting in the same room; but his back was turned ana he seemed ^ he just minding his own business and taking no notice of any one, till, all at once, the fagner felt a sort of spell on him to look ]*P*. ?e did so, and saw the stranger's eye fastened on the bag, which he had just tied "lip. • Your health,' said the farmer, looking at •him and taking a pull at the grog. " * Same to you,' said he laughing. * It's to be hoped youcarry arms, if you mean to side Sir with that sort of thing at this time of -night/ - " . " * Arms/ says the fanner. * 'Ay, and fists at the end of 'em. . H© doubled his fist as he spoke, and the man laughing again, wished hm> * pleasant ride, and" went away. "The farmer mom and rode off. He had ten good miles before him, and mpst on jem across a common,.with no house Bear, aiofccottege. He looked about ; as he left behind Mm the last househe «h»nld see till hereachedhisown,and then set ; off at d trot, whistling as he went. He had often done the same thing before; he had often ridden home as late, with as much! money m Ms pocket, and he hadno fear now., Yery soon fee heard the ring of hoofs on the hard road behind him. 'He ^jnicikBned bLBj pace a bit, but not enough, for/before he was aware, a horse was stretching nec or nec with his, and a blow from some weapon stag gered biin in his seat. . "4 Ay, ay,' says the farmer gathering up j his reins, and rising in his stirrups, for the , moon had shone right across the robber s face, and he knew him agam. Arms,_ is it r Ay, and fists at the end of em. Your health, my friend !" . r. , " Hitting out, and spurring' liei horse,_ott he started, and, ■< my friend afterhim. } The robber had a tough nag, but the farmer s was the fleetest, if she could only hold her pace long enough. On they went, the sparks flying up from the hard road after them. A. neck-or-nothing race it was, but the farmer gained on his friend fast. He was just beginning to draw a comfortable breath, and tl»n1r about home, when a sharp whistle came from behind, and another horseman sprang into the road right before him. He wasn t going to give it up even then; they grappled together for a minute, and the dancing and capering of horses' feet mingled with their heavy breathing. It was but for a minute; the farmer got his bridle free, doubled sud denly, and sending his riding- stick at his assailant, as a last fond rememberance, he made for a low fence, cleared it, and got in front again. They were both after him, how ever, at a spanking gallop. He dug his spurs into the mare, and she span along hke the wind with him, all panting and stiff as he was, for he had got some blows, too. -A-nd now, getting near his own house—where he could see the smoke curling up the chimney, and knew his wife was sitting there waiting for hi™, and keeping up the fire for him— the mare's foot caught against a stone. See what little things turns the balance ; it was but a moment or so lost, but it was that too much. He was seized, pinioned, and his | pockets rifled. Henever spoke, never asked | for mercy, but he struggled hard, and the robbers bad no easy task to keep him fast ! while they searched him- They took his money, and one of them, with a curse, struck a heavy blow on the mare's^ reeking flank that made her spring off again like mad, while the other, perhaps his bad. blood was up at the farmer's hard fighting, drawing something from bis bosom, steadied his hand a minute, j took aiin, and the farmer tumbled from his , horse like a rook out of a branch. That was j in sight of his own door." I " Was he dead?" # .1 "He lived long enough to tell it, and to i swear to the man who stopped him first. The other got off." " He id die, then ?" - "He did. His wife took on horribly shut herself up, and never spoke a word to: anybody, making no sound but a moaning ] which kept on all day and all night, asleep and awake. At last she took a fancy to go rambling about the house at night, like a j moaning ghost, up-stairs and down-stairs, along the passages, in and out of every room but the one he laid in; and one night she tried that too. Perhaps she heard the steange creaking outside, or perhaps some spirit was in her dragging her on; she must have pulled up the blind and looked out, however, and in the tree within a few yards of her, swinging bockwards and forwards in the wind—we know what the moon was shining on, andj she must have seen it. There came from that room a shriek that rang through the house and startled everybody out of their beds to see what was the matter. But they could only guess—she never told." " You don't mean to say—" «Mad!" said the little man, shaking his head—" raving I" " Humph,'' said the pimple-faced stranger "robbed in sight of his own door! that sounds rather—rather— . ! " That man," said Mr Traddles, striking his drab knees emphatically, " was my uncle. I was at his house when it happened. That horrible thing in the gibbet swung there, creaking in sight of the house, crowds of people coming to see it every day—swarms of people. After that night they took it down, but it was too late to save my aunt!" "And that gibbet," said the landlord, shaking the ashes out of his pipe solemnly, " was the last gibbet as ever I see, and I don't care if I never see another, nor hear on it. Pass the grog." 