THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stage. Dear Bell,-— The author of ' Metamora, or tho last of tho Wampanoags,' produced nt the Haymarkot on Monday last, has opened up; buthas very far from exhausted a 'mine' of dramatic wealth. The political , and do mestic history of the early settlers in tho Now England States must abound with nhnrnp.t-.nrR nnrl nvonta ominentlv susccntibla of dramatic treatment. Tho social contrasts to bo found among tho settlers themselves— the sprinkling of well-born and' wellman nered royalists among the hard, stern puri tans-t-the uneasy, relations which subsisted between tho Europeans and tho neighbour ing tribes of Indiana — tho Narragansetts, tho Mohawks, and tho MoheganB — tho feuds between tho French in Acadie, in which tho Now Englanders ' sometimes ,, interposed-p and thsir commercial dealings ; with the Swedes, who had civilised , tho 'Delaware and with the Dutch, who had established themselves'; at New Amsterdam— all, these would enable tho dramatist, who lays his atofy 'in that time and country, to avail him self of striking diversities of character, and to introduce plenty of romantic incidents. I don't think wo havo yet pot ? at tho wholo truth about tho ' pilgrim fathers.' I bus poet that in spite of tho halo of romance which surrounds tho Mayflower, that .some of the early emigrants were a proud, stiff necked narrow-minded, and fanatical sot, who rebelled against all authority, and with whom liberty of conscience- vary often meant nothing more nor less than insubordination and intolerance.' They may ! havo been sin core in their hatred of political and ecclesi astical tyranny nt home, but any ono who has taken the trouble — as I bavo' dono — to look over the laws and ordinances passed by the confederated colonies, will testify that the spirit of many of those laws was cruol, bigoted.andsanguinary. Idolatry, witohnraft, and blasphemy wcro capital offences, and people wereliablo to bepunishedfornot attend ing a placo of worship. Such a code of laws, combined with asceticism in morals, was calculatedto engondor hypocrisy ; and Tar. tuHea woro plentiful in tho days when tho heroine of Hawthorne's story wore the scar Jet letter oa her breast, Such an one ww Samuel Gorton, who having been received as a shining light in tho houso of a minister at Boston, A.D. 163G, made love to the minis ter's wife, and when ho was ordered out, re fused to go, alleging that ho was not a guest, but the lessee. ?- On -beihgf taken before tho justices, he- called one of them Satan, and bado him 'come down from Jehoshuah's right hand,' ? for which, and for other mutinous language, ho was heavily fined ? and, a few years later ho was publicly -whinna-l on Ehnde Island, A r«m»rk which -be made on this occasion illustrates that iiii patienco of control, which I have spoken of -above, as characterising the Puritan 'am grants. 'Rhode Island at tbnt time,' said he, V had no authority legally derivedto deal with mo ; and I thought myself as' fit and able to govern myself and family as any that were then upon Rhbdo Island.' Gorton afterwards became one of those 'borderers' who, by striking up alliances with the In dians, and aiding thorn against the ' white skins,' harassed and injured. the European settlers. In the tragedy or melodrama of ' Metamora,' we have a not unfaithful pic ture of some of the aspects of social life in Massachusetts in Gorton's time, and I sus pect that the Indian is no other than the sachem Miautouonio, with whom Gorton had bo many dealings. Mr.' J. H. AUeu impersonates this 'stoic of_ tho woods,' ?? and, reversing ' the criticism of Sir Koger.de Covcrley's pictnres, one may say that the portrait would have been much more satisfactory if the artist had taken loss pains. Mr. Allen has a flexible voice, with a great deal of variety in its tones, and ho seems to think it necessary to run through them in every sentence, so that tho effect produced is very imiclt like that which results from hearing a young lady practising her scales on tho pianoforte for two or three hours at a stretch. Mr. Allen has mobile eyebrows, and he is constantly elevating or contracting them. Worse than all, ho can never forget that ho is acting. Ho is not in an American forest, he is in the centre of an artificial stage, nnd ho is so thoroughly conscious of. this fact that he im presses it emphatically upon your mind. Consequently ho is never natural. He is the red Indian of a hundred dramas, nnd not the last of the Pokauoketts. There i3 nothing of the 'noble savage' about him but the ruddle, the mbcassius, and the other trap pings. Nevertheless, I have seen Air. Allen in no character which hk could play so well as that of Motamora, if ho would get rid of his staginess and forget that he is acting. That a certain amount of conventionality has to bo overlooked, in all acting, must, I .fear, be conceded j but with Mr. Allen it is all conventionality, and consequently ono surveys his performance with the same sort of frigid interest with which ono watches an ingeniously contrived mechanical figure going through a series of movements. Now and tlien lie comes near being natural, as, for example, in caressing his child while living, and in bewailing him when dead ; and you eay to yourself ' Now, we arc going to have it .Now. there will bo a httlo genuine, emotion 1' Not a bit of it It is stage ten derness ana stage sorrow, nctitioiw and unreal. It is as nnlikd anything in naturo as Bhrcdded paper ia unlike a snow-storm, as thersttle of a sheet of iron is unlike tho roll ing thunder, as ignited rosin is unlike 'the nimble stroke oi quick croas lightning.' Nevertheless, two-thirds of tho audience take a wholly different view of Mr. Allen's noting to what I do. They applaud him when ho is most demonstrative, and they calj him before the curtain two or three times. Perhaps this accounts for tho faulty Btyle of his noting. It plcasesthc pit, audiyue voulez vous ? My own belief is, howover, that an actor should satisfy his own judgment, and that that judgment should bo welldisciplined and rigorously exercised. This has.bcen the oiso with some actors of real genius I have met with in my time ; and I havo known -them irritated and dispirited when an' audience has applauded what the raoro critical judg ment of tho actors themselves has convinced them to be a violation of nature, or an in fringement of the true principles of art I re member to havo read somewliero that Talma onoo expressed himself very ' bitterly aiid scornfully, when he reached the wings, be cause ho had 'brought down the house' by means whicli his own conscience) told him wcro illegitimate. On the other hand, there were no doubt occasions when lie felt that applausohad been withheld when it was de served, or that eensuro had boon bestowed when it was unjust, and that ho would, under such circumstances, console himself by observing, Populus vie sihilat, at mlhi plaudo. ? At tho Theatre Royal, ' The Pilot,' with Mr..Hoskins as Long .Tom, Mr. Conjiin as Gap'tain Bor'oughcliffe, Mr. Vincent as 'tbo Pilot, Miss Cleveland asKatoPlowdon, arid Miss Georgo as Cecilia, had been succeeded every evening by 'Cupid,', with Mr. Cojiniu in his original onaractcr, and Mies Tilly Earlo as Psyche. -: ' The Christy Minstrels continue to receive their share of tho public patronage, which is just now but scantily bestowed upon all tho theatres. Mr. Leslie's Comic History of England is as good iu its .way as his Stuin[- Speech,— ^is incoherent, as full of anachron isms, and as conducive to laughter. Mr. R. Sandford dances au . extremely clever clog step danco ; and tho songs and choruses in which tho other members of the company take part,, make up an entertainment which possesses tbo recommendation of being ?'short and sweet.' Relatively speaking, tho attendance at Mr. and Mrs. Caso's entertainment at the Polytechnic has been larger than ? that ob either of the three theatres ; although, I suspect,, this' cose of musical instruments would not havo considered it a case of hard slu'p, if it had been every night a case of jam. They arc no doubt case-hardened to iliis sort of thing. ' . ' P.S. My letter was iu your hands before, tho sad intelligence reached me of tho loss of the London and its rich freight of human lives. Oho is too much stunned by. such a. calamity either to comprohend its full mag nitude or to measure all its lamentable con sequences. What tho stage lias lost, by tho dcatu of Mr. G. V. Brooke, who shall Bay? Gioatly as wo shall miss the actor, wo shall still more strongly deplore our beroavemout of tho man. Ho inspired personal affection in a' higher degree, if possible, than the ad miration whioli his genius extorted from us.' Alas ! that ' 1. ? — ItoarlnR wolln Should guir him fathom deep in brine; . And Imuds no often clasji'il In mine. Should tons with tangle and with shells. Yours, etc., ' ? OLIVER SURFACE. Provincial. Benuioo, — During tho past week Messrs. Creasy and Ayers exhibited their diorama of Europoan and American scenery, at tho Lyceum Theatre, to very fair housos. ?? During tho present week Messrs. J. O. Lambert ana Charles Young, gave tkoir 'Seven Ages of Man' with considerable success. 1 - Colonial. ' '? Houaut Town.— Tho Lyster Opera tronpo, which has been performing at Hobart Town for tho last four woeks, brought their regular season to a conclusion last Saturday, when the performance, which consisted of 'Lucrczia Borgia' and a portion of 'Dor Frcischutz,' was for tho bonefit of Mr., IV. S. Lystor.- It drew ono of tho largest audiences that ever assombled within tho walls of tho Hobart Town Theatre. An . oxtra porfonnauco waB given on Monday on account of tho presence m tho harbour 'of two of Her Majesty's frigatos, tho Cunicoa and the Falcon. Tho season, though comparatively short, has been ono of tho most successful, speaking from a dramatic point of view, that this troupe haa ovorbcon engaged in, though wo f oar that financially it has hardly been as remunera tivo as its ontorprising manager deserves. Wo' regret to learn that thero is a prospect of Madame Escott and Mr. Squires shortly re tiring from tho company, a regret that wo aro suro will bo shared by mo3t of our readers. Sydnev, — Wo oxtract as follows from tho Herald: — ' 'Arrah-na-Poguo'has been played all tho week at tho Princo of Walc3, and as the public aro anxious for a change, ita ran thero closed last night ; and this evening tho Shakcsperian festival begins with 'Hamlet,' in which Mr. Robert Heir, as tho Ghost, will mako his first appearanco in Sydney for several years. . Mrs. Heir playa the Queen, and Mrs.^Grevillo Ophelia. Tho cast is very strongT'and all who love England's great poet will have an opportunity of seeing ono of his noblcst.compositions -rendered . in-a manner worthy tho author. 'John Wojips'.. will bo tho af torpie^ce. \ Some changes liavo occurred at tbei.'P.rinco' during.the weekji Mrs. Poolo has withdrawn from ; the management,^ and has been succeeded by Mr. C. W. Barry,- who will retain possession until, the. opera season begins, on Easter Monday. k Mr. Lystor's popular troupe are expected to arrive hereby the City of Hobart, about ?: tho -? 17th,' and during the interval will: bo engaged' in the' preparation of several ?iiovelties,:whicli 'tho nidefatigablo lessee purposes presenting during.tnc forthcoming season. ? The Victoria continues well patronised. Notwithstanding rival attractions elsewhere, Mr. O'Neil is as popular as ever, and works hard to pleaso iiis patrons. 'Arrah- na-Poguo' still retains its place,' and will likely be played during tho ensuing week. Mr. J. P. Hydes, stage manager and a ]K-pular comedian, has ap peared almost every evening in tho afterpiece. Hippomaiiia, or what tho. Yankees i term 'Horse on thobrani,' with which thpi people of Sydney aro periodically affected, is raging just now in most malignant form. Thousands of tho afflicted aro to bo seen nightly in Pitt street, talking of Zoyara, Cooko and Wilson's establishment. Just fancy persons com plaining of hard Hme3 in Sydney, when it is known for a fact that during tho past five nights of this week over twelve thousand persons havo visited a circus, the lowest charge for ad mission to whicli is two shillings. Wo havo already noticed their first night'a perform ance, and since tho horses and riders have become much more accustomed to their work, as a consequence tho entertainment ?has gone on much more smoothly. Mdlle. Zoyara has nightly increased injmblic favour. She is unquestionably tho most superb eques trienne we have ever seen, and is justly en titled to tho title of premier. Ross and Carlo, the champion acrobats) are also much admired, and never fail to elicit hearty applause. The ' La Perche' performance must really be seen to be believed, its dangers are only equalled by tho grace and daring with which it is accomplished. Mr. Leon, on tho horizontal bar, is exceedingly clover, and young Barry and Ducrow are equally good in their acts of horsemanship. The famous trained horso Othello, tho most wondrous specimen of the equine race ever exhibited in Sydney, and the mules Pete and Barney, astonish all who. see them. Mr. Abell is a gentlemanly and effective ring master, and admirably acts as a- foil to the most philosophic of clowns — Mr. Cookc. Perhaps the tuost marked feature of the World Circus is tho care taken that nothing cither iu act or word shall offend the most fastidious. Theperfonnancea^resoliigh-toned . that they aro already patronised by many of tho elite of this city who never before entered a circus. A day performance, for the convenience of families, will take place this afternoon, when wo understand there will bo an entire change of ]-erfonnance. Madame Sohier's Waxworks has just imdergono a thorouglrrenovation. All tho figures havo been cleaned, and many of the grouio have been re-arranged, and tho general elect thereby, much unproved.' ( i. , ? . Miscellaneous! The Lascasiiihe Belluixukiis havo been performing of late at Wagga Wagga ; they went thence to Albury. Miss Edith Pai.meksto-- gave her enter tainment atChilternon Friday, and at Wan gnratta oa Monday. 