I vrrTOIiIA. RACING CLUB i ' spuing meeting. I THIRD DAY. I ,j.. 5iissrs. II. Power, P. J. Kolghran, I tfPMtroa, G. Watson, and It. Goldsbrough. I i!r. J- 0- Dougharty. Starter: Mr. I fljijrjC \V '1 -on " on the Plemlneton Course on Is, thiol "iluv "f tlie Spriuff Meeting of the: Ir t ill lisring Club was very large, and only I t a third loss than on the Melbourne: I Iw The weather was truly magnificent, Kti hod the elfcct of Oiling the lower area |' il( „c„,| stand and tlia lawn with a large | .| fashionable congregation of ladies. His It filfBW the Governor and suite arrived on ISrrouud at an early hour, and remained until Iftl .rlneliml eraats of the day had been decided. Iruh'JI r)iloh is one of the very best places Ifeawh'ieh to witness the racing, was crowded ; Ihnn reasonable charges made by the railway | cfhoritlis having Induced numbers to select IttMttlon of the course. I Til (port provided en Saturday was of a very Iflddfscrl'itlon, the fields, despite the numerous IrttcblW. were tolerably large, and many of lit treats were closely contested. Mr. George Irttion officiated as starter In place of Mr. IfOjltlii, n"d In ,,1(1 Steeplechase, where Mr. Iflhoa had Ills horses running, Mr. H. trtr undertook the duties. Tli9 first |gft brought off wns the All Aged Stakes, | h irhleh The Barh, the winner of the M«l- llnroe Cup, carrying 7st 51b, was beaten liy Ift.c. B. Fisher's filly Sour Grapes, carrying Willi its inilo. The Barb get off badly at Iftifut, ami finished nbout a length in rear of Ittfllr. The (Ms Stakes wore won hy Mr Ifaltr'i Sri Gull, Mr. L. L. Smith's Lady IjfQUtis Sutton securing second money. This I1/ also ran n good . second for the Maiden |fttt, and with careful training will no doubt Ipn a valuable rr.nro. The Victoria Racing l(!;t llr.'llc'p won one of the best races of the n, There were eleven stnrters, and the field tun gind that ft was difficult to pick a winner. Kijulle end Smuggler were the principal litatte, hut Mr. Tnlt's Falcon and Toryhoy till many friends. VGlanyulllo got ahead sonn It'll fee sisrt, and after a good run landed n Irhut h'nut a length In advance of Smuggler. IklSttep'eelmse was won hy Bnnker ; the run- Riritasina'h' by two of Mr. Watson'B horses — ca'.tet'i '.villi Sliamrock, and taken up from the fj fitce hy Banker, who never was caught, Icl sen easily. Mr. Wntson had declared to win Kil Banker, and nat Bnllanrat, and in this there roiyc'sMrsI of policy shown, forbnd Bnllnarat r.nnlh KM., nud he might easily have done ijneitrn seven pounds would have been the ncilly at the next meeting. The Queen's Willi was a splendid race, and gavo a great Itaiuph to u Victorian horse over the great ISjltey crock Volunteer. There were four I tea started — Mr. Tnlt's Volunteer and War- litt, Hr. C. B. Fisher's fonr-yr-old colt Hfauggler, end Mr. Bowler's Princess, 5 years. Ilitriclory of Volunteer was regarded as an Hlbsolute certainty. Mr. Tait would no doubt Hhrerather won with Warwick, but the chesnut luaomatrh for the Fisherman colt, which was IfitTid In the raco when Warwick was left all kiind. Princess wns out of tho race from the list, mil ir.fr: ly wrntrcunil as a matlcrof form. Ilk ml men was between Volunteer and Ssygelsr. The former occupied the third place lb the first mile and n half, and then with a lifliBdi'l effort cut down the other two horses in Ibntof him. Wnrwick, who had been leading, Itntr regained his position, but Smuggler was Inl to be so ensily beaten off, nnd in the Inst sOe lept creeping slowly up until the colt was bought abreast of the Sydney horse, when the llro nctd together so close that Ashworth litrook his spur into Smuggler's flank. In Ilk hit half-mile there was a great struggle I'kth resulted ia Smuggler first passing the post Ijiddit the plaudits of the spectators. Tho old but appeared to have had quite enough of it, Bud returned to the pnddocle in a heavy sweat, ltd somewhat the worse for punishment. Siuug- ftiiU'l rUQ a mile and three-quarters only a B ' before, and ran remarkab'y -well. B jib might forngo rnce between two real race- Btasi m a splendid sight, and It 1b no dispo- jijiusnt that a horse like V olunteer should have B beta by so worthy a scion if the re- Btoinied Fisherman. Morrison deserves a large ET' ' crc<"' 'ur F'le manner and condition I J ' I"8 Fronght out his horses since Ills rasittlou wilk the Moribyrnong stable. . After «'«j for the Queen's Plate, as the rider of ifper he received operfect ovation, so pleased illte people that Smuggler, luawsight for B!?'"9! should have beaten Volunteer. The Emme Brought to n close with the Free luh' .Wn Mr. Tait's Falcon, beating lbnn!u ! ,ers' Tllfl Spring Meeting, taken hi I i been SUCCC8aful in every respect, Bimu.ii er ! ensura a centlnuance of that Btss i o wb'c'1 "le tur T how enjoys, a repeti- BitiUi.1 wi I,ropoc<liaeB of Friday must he fltuil.,' i ,, l'tinclPal winner of stokes at this flcinmn n ; F' Tnit, who won the Melbourne BfL ' afb> tl10 hoy nl Pork Stakes with litoi n Free with Falcon— B>l«lsm-.i |Ut 1,13Q0- Mr> C- B- Fisher is Bhitliiin ' his stable has secured no !C n.!Tn rnce3 i The Maiden Plate with BCV!ln 0!VuleandAI1 ABcti Stakes with loill ib„ p' . Dcrby an<1 Oaks with Sea iWsm,,. ?rmt'l,aa CuP and Queen's Plate ftsBlthb. n tt" abUt L1200- Mr- L- flXb Dnrli W? 'y0 handicaps with Glenyuille, B'ktitd tfr i ea w'11 Aggravator, Qnd monty ln the Oaks with Lady bout lam "lulling altogether in stakes BHvilh li.'ni. Wntson Is the next on the bt SkenWu ' T,DB "on about L350 for Great c"dlt la duo to Mr. B"ftb!o inL 6 nretnry of tho club, for the flhtducting ,,b"emcBt which he has shown In B1""! and ii. u.®nera' ""ngements of the |N„t of «' g for tha &ccmmodatlon; and lfb#ltdtbUmeettaD"!r0US v'''tors w'10 have "" B Bib overi Grapes, 2 j r», tot Mb 1 s::. 2 Mr. l ewis's ch R lHiooi). 'nrQti'aUVii,' 3 Mr. ii." Bowler's Vr mFriBasi,' G yrV, si sci"r 0 Betting at llie start: 3 toTon Thenar bf' The Barb did not get the best of the start. Sparrow Hawk showed tho wny for a little dis tance, with Princess and Barroom At tho fi st turn fiparroro Hawk fell hack, and Sour Grape- ran through the field, and took up the load Barwon, who up to this time had been holding a good position, fell Off, and at the next turn coming into the straight running, Barb went up mil challenged Sour Grapes, and n splendid race home resulted between these two, tho (illy thoro- ing slightly In advance tho whole way. About twenty lengths from home, tho Barb made a greut effort, but Sour Grapes was also called upon, and responded bravely to the call, winning by about n length In front of the Melbourne (.up winner, Barwon finishing third, and Sparrow Hawk fourth. Time, Imin. COiecs SSsS!""""'' "V" Mr. C. B. Fisher'ab f Seagull, 3 yrs, est 101b Mi" "uL.'smiih'e b f y?, ' 1 Mr. li. F. GreanVi'Gonftlon,'s'yrs,'asMo?b'!?f? 2 Mr. 0. B. Fisher's br f Syren, 3 yrs/s'iioji? Sea Guli led almost fromVhe Mart' aaTutver washeaded nftcronce taking up that position Lady Manners Sutton came near to the favourite once or twice within tho dist- nee, but was unable to get In advance. A capital raco for tho second money took place between Mr. Smith's filly and Syren, which ended in favour of Lady Manners Sutton. Time, 2tnin. 51?ee. The, Victoria Racing clud Handicap, of 10 sovs each, h, ft., with 150 sora aided. One mile nnd three-quarters. Mr. L. L. Smith's b g Gleuycille, c yrs, est 81b . . Mr. C, B. Fisher'B b g Smuggler, i yrf, 1 \fr' ?oTM''s ch g i'aicon, n yrs' sVt iciMStsniey) a Mr. W. Craig s br m Miss Fisher, i yrs, 1st 4lb.... Mr. Wm. Pearson's br g viscount,' 'aRedest'uJli " Mr. E. it Bagot'a gi Cowra, 4 yrs, 7st ifbf ff? Mr. W. C. ruiilo's Kg Toryijoy, agi'd", VsVMh"!'.'! Mr. \V. I. Faris's b o Soiitaire, 3 yra, Sst a'lb " Mr. J. Wilson's b m Musldora, flgcd, Mr. P. Uwia'i hr h signi is" yri\ VsVolii '(' itcdmnu) o Mr. B. Low a b g Cupbearer, aged, 8jt. . (Ubifncy) 0 Latest Betting : 3 to 1 each agst Glenyuille, Smuggler, and Falcon ; 4 to 1 agst Toryboy ; 5 to 1 each agst Sign and Musidorn. A field of eleven started for this race. Upon the flag being lowered, Glenyuille was the lirsl to show lu front, followed very closely hy Tory- boy nnd Smuggler, with The Sign, Cupbearer, and Falcon a few paces behind, Musldora well up, Cowra, Miss Fisher and Viscount bringing up the roar. Tho field kept well together for about a mile, Glenyuille still keeping tho lead. At the abattoirs Smuggler was a good eccund. Miss Fisher also made good play, but it wns evident within half a mile from home that the race belongod to Glenyuille, who throughout kept in advance, nnd Bubwquently won hy n length, Smuggler stcoad, Falcon third, and Mis- Fisher fourth. Time, 3min. 14sen. Steeplechase, handicap of 10 sovs each, li, ft., with 2011 tovs added. About three miles. Mr. G. Watson's br g Bicker, aged, tost 51b ................ (Cntlaglian) 1 Mr. J. Kelly s b g Htrarger, aged, est 121b (Datrymptc) 3 Mr. S. Frazer's gr g Blucslitn, nged. lost 5 b ..... Mr. G. Watson's b g Builaarat nscd, I3st . .r t» : v (Johnson) o Mr, w. Pearson's gr g Baron nged, lost 61b. . . . v v v. < Rynu) o Mr. J. Cokvr'a b g Prince, nscd, lost (Uoyd) 0 Mr. .T. M. ItowoU'u b g Elk, la o Pony, aged, Sst .» (WnkeHtld) 0 Mr. G. Watson s b g Shamrcck, aged, est 710 .... Mr. W. I. Farts' b g Squire, nged, 8st sitK (flordcn) o 5 to 2 agst Bnllnarat, 3 to 1 ngst Banker, 4 to 1 agst Blucskln, 8 to 1 agst Baron. Shamrock led from the start, with Elk and Stranger in company, Blueskfn going easily in the fourth place, Banker nnd Baron about the middle of the ruck, nud Ballaaait bringing up the rear. Baron was soon put out'of the rnc., hy leaving his lider at a hurdle close by the abattoirs. Coming to (he water jump lu front nf the stand Shamrock was still leading, with Blueskin second, Stranger nnd Banker well up, Shamrock deliberately refused the water, and Gregory was unhorsed hy tho next comer. The refusal of Sliamrock gave the lead to Blueskin nnd Stranger for a short distance, the two being well together up to tho log fence Tiicro Banker went to the front, and from that time never wns bended. The Elk fell near the abattoirs ia the last round and when occupying n good position. Stranger made a gams effort at the finish, but was uuablc to wrest the vic tory from Banker. Elueskiu finished a very tolerable th'rd. Bcllaarat, who bad made up towards the straight, came in fourth, and Squire fifth. Tho race was run in very good time, Stnln. 22sec. being that given. Quees's Plate, of 200 sovs (half in plate nnd half in specie). Entrance, 1 sov, to go to the second horse. 3 yrs old, Gst 101b ; 4 yrs, Ost 31b ; 5 yrs, lOst lib ; 0 yrs nnd nged, 10st 41b. Three miles. Mr. C. B. Fishcr'a br o Smuggler, 4 yrs, art 31b (Morrison) 1 Mr. J. Tail's br b Volunteer, aged, lost 41b (Ashworth) 2 Mr. J. Tait's eh g Warwick, 0 yrs, 10s' lib (8. Wuldock) 0 Mr. II. '1\ Bowler's br m Piinccai, 5 yrs. 0«c lolb (Chltney) 0 Betting at the start : 3 to 1 on Volunteer. Tills was the great event of tho day as re garded the two foremost herses. Four horses only came to the post out of the eighteen original nominations. Warwick was the first to get away and made the running at a great pace, followed hy Smuggler, Volunteer, nud Princess, in the order named, about two lengths distance between each. This position wr.s maintained for a mile and n half, when Volunteer went up Willi a tremendous rush to the front, first cutting down Smuggler and then Warwick, but Smuggler was ridden by n general, and Morrison was not to be so easily shaken off. - The Sydney crack kept the lead for a little distance, when Smuggler went up to blm and the two then raced together, and whilst coming along under the liili Ashworth stuck his spui into the flank of Smuggler, so that the colt actually had extra weight to drag far some dis tance. Warwick lied by thl9 time been beaten off, and Princess never had the ghost of n chance. The race was now between Volunteer nnd Smuggler, nnd in the last half-mile the contest was very exciting. The two horses kept close together, first one and then the other obtaining a seeming advantage. Running homo on the straight, both were called upon. Tho colt proved the best of tho two, and won by a short length. Warwick a bad fourth, and Princess nowhere. Time, 5min. 48sec. Upon the jockeys returning to scale, Morrison on Smuggler was loudly cheered, and tho jockey himself was hoisted on the shoulders of a few and carried about the saddling paddock. Free IIandicai', of 100 sovs. Winner o; Melbourne Cup 101b extra; of any othoi handicap ot the value of 100 sovs, 71b extra Ho penalties to accumulate beyond 141b. En trance, 1 sov. One mile and n half and a dis tance. Mr. J. Tait's ch g Faloan, s vrs, sst sib (Stanley) 1 Mr. W. 0. TuUle'a gr g Toryboy, aged, !et 12 b . . (Waltb) 1 Mr, P, Kclghran's b g Playboy, ageil, 7«t lalb (Waterman) ; Mr. W. Pearson's br g Sparrowhawk, 6 yrs, sst 2lb (Mason) I Mr. J. Wilson's br m Musidorn, aged, sst (M Donald) l Mr. H. D. Parr's br t Deception, 5 yrs, Tot 101b ... ; (Parr) ( Mr. P. Lewis' oh g Lancer, 5 yre, 7st rftK... ( Mr." L. il tj rnilh'V b'g Gleiiy iiiile! 6 yrs. 7at 41b (carried Mlb penalty) .(J. HUB < "ia'rVpedumb? m. fhenandoah, 0 y y, , 7rt Lb Mu .Tdzer'ab g Monitor, cVrV.'n't'a'liP.!. ! Mr, J. AVmstwng'i'bi g MozMV.'axidirs"6"5.0.'.1! " Mr. ii.' Virrlgh t'a cs h Sir Tatton," aged',' 7 A. "I1'! "c Mr. ii L. Smith's b e Aggravator. -3- yVs," a'-uSb '! Betting: 3 to 1 agst 'fiienyuil'le,' t?A agst Falcon, 4 to 1 agst Toryboy, 4 to 1 agst Playboy. Upon the horses getting off Mozart was the first to show in view, with old Toryhoy ia the second placn, Sparrowhawk closo up as third, and Glenyuille fourth. Sparrowhawk tnado g?o<l play at one part of the race, but soon afterward awny. Falcon, who It nil been running fourth and thon third, moved up to tho second place, arfd with Playboy ktpt up tho running far & short distance. At n mllaitwas tvidftnt that Glenyuille had enough of it, nud that tho result was between Sydney Falcon, Toryboy, nnd Playboy. After passing the abattoirs, and where Glcnyullle's extra weight began to tell upon him, bacon made up towards the front, and there was a capital race along tho flat between Mr. Talt' horse and Toryboy, which resulted in the former passing tho post first, with Torybt-y a good second, Playboy third, and Mozart fourth. Tbii rtcc brought tho meeting to a successful conclusion 