NEW PUBLICATIONS. (OoNTlNTOD.) ''(FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) IN "Macmillan,". Mr. Ludlow well nay racily concludes his Gallery of "American Presidents. Harrison to Johnson constitutes the present instalment. His eulogy of Lincoln is very high. In some respects he is regarded as superior to Washington. To found the Union, nearly all the intellect and warlike power of the American people co-operating, was a far less work than to restore it, when well nigh all the statesmanship, half the intellect and warlike power of the American people were endeavoring to destroy it." Of Johnson Mr. Ludlow speaks hopefully. "I shall be much surprised if this Tenncs seem tailor-this dark visaged man, with grey eyes and brown grey hair and deep lined brow, grave almost to grimness' turns out one of the least remarkable occupants of the Presidential chair. "The Dove in the Eagle's Nest is still a fresh and beautiful tale. Mr. Henry Kingsley resumes his graphic account of " Eyre, the South Australian Explorer,'' and brings it to the close of the expedition, when Eyre returned to Adelaide and met with the welcome he deserved. Of his reception on board the French whaler Mississippi, this is the narrative is' They knew this coast that it was waterless and uninhabited for a thousand miles. It did not matter to them ; they had their ship, and cared little for the shore. They used to see it there every day. yellow and bare and treeless, with a few mountains on the left in the dim, hot distance ; so it had been for ever, and would be for evermore. But one day it had a strange, new interest for them ; they, as they were idly busying themselves with clearing their cables, which were foul, saw a man moving on the shore. It seemed incredible, but their glasses confirmed it. It was a white man, who knelt on a point and was making a fire to signal them. Half-a-dozen of them tumbled into a whale- boat and as the beautiful craft carne leaping and springing towards the shore, their wonder grew into amazement. It was a white man indeed, but such a man as they had never seen before. He was wan and thin; his clothes were ragged; be- seemed wild, and looked like one who had risen from the dead man who had evidently such a story to tell, that you trembled while you waited for him to begin. Such a man stood on the very verge of a wave-worn rock, among the climbing surge, with strained eyes and parted lips, eagerly holding out his wasted hands towards them. To say that they had him into the plunging boat off the slippery sea-weed in a minute to say that they embraced him, patted him on the back, and looked fondly at him that they, in one breath, demanded his story of him, and in the next forbade him to open his mouth until he had refreshed himself; is only to say that they were sailors-and, what is more, Frenchmen. Here was something which suited their great sailor hearts entirely. Here was unprecedented headlong courage; here was endurance equally unprecedented ; here was a man who had been where no one had been before, and had seen what no one could ever see again. To be blown a thousand miles out of your course was one thing, but to have walked a thousand miles was quite another. .... At all events, their hearts were in the right place, and Eyre, from a lonely, hopeless wanderer, found himself suddenly trans- formed into a hero. That night he slept on board the Mississippi." Mr. Hughes (" Tom Brown"), now M P. for Lambeth, contributes a paper on Trades Unions, Strikes and Co-operation. The conflicting relations between capital and labor come under review ; association is strongly recommended and a hope is expressed that we shall soon see the nation concerted to co-operation as thoroughly as it has been to free trade. Most of the remaining contributions are poor. The best papers in Cornhill are " Wives and Daughters, and " A Few Thoughts on Keys." The rest are poor, except one on " The Holy Fair of Ilurdwar."' Here is an incident which will bear transcription : " One more incident of the Holy Fair, however, is needed to complete my sketch. Looking down from the balcony I see a man fight his way to one of the priests. He gives a small packet into his hands. Fold after fold of cloth is removed by the priest. At length he comes to a small paper packet, which he opens carefully, and drops from it a white powder on to the stone step before him He spreads out the powder, handling it with peculiar care. He takes a piece of money from it he then says some prayers over it, and finally washes it away into the sacred river. What is that powder?' I ask of a native behind me. ' His father's ashes, he answers, pointing to the pilgrim. If a man cannot die on the banks of the sacred river, his next great wish is that his ashes may be cast into it." Blackwood opens with "A Fenian Document,"' which is said to have been found by the police when searching the lodgings of Mr. Donovan. It purports to be addressed to him by Milo M'Caskey, Count, Lieutenant-General, and Cumeriere Inferno to his Holiness the Pope, and is dated from Rome. The writer sarcastically denounces the proposed insurrection, and refuses " association with a project which must fail, and rejects all offers of rank and station from those who have none of their own." It does not look like a very authentic document, internal evidence is against its reception, but as it is vouched for by the editor in giving it the place of honor, perhaps it may pass. " You Borcke's Memoirs of the Confederate War" are the best papers in the number- full and interesting. The narrative is brought down to the battle of Antietam or Sharps burg. The Eclectic contains an admirable sketch of Chrysostom, with quotations from his works. Here is a picture of him " Immense as was his power while living, and greater still and more extensive as his fame has been since his death, Chrysostom does not flatter the theory of those who demand a grand and imposing figure for the loftiest theory. He was low in stature ; his head was big, but entirely bald ; his forehead large and full of wrinkles; still ' more singular, ~ his " eyes" were not prominent, but v deep - set, sunk inwards, though they are described as amiable and affectionate, nor does his manner seem to have been that of which we speak as the " flood of eloquence it was the grandeur of expression, the holiness and purity of conception, united, of course, to voice of considerate flexibility and strength of tone ; nor does he seem to have attempted to inflame the people by much action. He had great seriousness and plenty of words, infinite sweetness, and an impetus of soul and nervous energy which gave material strength to all his speech. The next paper is a very severe reprimand of Henry Edward, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, whilom Archdeacon of Chichester in the Established Church of England. In his work on " The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost," it is said that he, in a most flagrant and daring manner, libels the faith of all Protestant Christendom, by impudently and arrogantly affirm- ing that the rejection of the perpetual infallibility of the Romish Church is the rejection of the perpetual office of the Holy Ghost in the Church and involves, not merely this, but the rejection at once of his temporal mission and his eternal procession. Milman's " History of Christianity," and Dickens' " Our Mutual Friend," are also ably reviewed. The latter work is called Mr. Dickens' " Romance of a Dust Heap," being, the writer thinks, the development and growth of what appeared in House- hold Words in 1860, on Dust Heaps. The Congregational topic is on " Playing at Doing, Good admirably pointing out the wasteful expenditure of good purposes and abilities in the societies and religious efforts of the Christian world. Punch The Cowkeeper's Paradise The Milky Way. " A thing the world would not willingly let dyeing lady whose hair is already pretty colored. Marriage Extraordinary.-Between a Dumb Waiter and a Still-room Maid. Scene Compartment of first-class carriage ; elderly lady in the middle ; mamma with little Jessie on her lap in the next seat Jessie : " Mamma ! why do all the tunnels smell so strong of brandy ?" The lady in the middle never was fond of children, and thinks she never met a child she disliked more than this one. A good game of Cricket. Eleven bachelors play eleven spinsters at Lady's Ground, and the result is a tie. What bird may be said to pour forth its notes 14A nightingale Why can a nightingale be said to pour for her notes Because she has a jug. The type of the Irish Rebellion. Pike-a. Candid Gentleman: "I suppose you would like to have the key of the wine cellar. Butler (seeking a situation) : "That entirely depends on the vintage, Sir ! " The Irish Republic which the Fenian traitors conspired to establish may, if regarded with reference to its objects, be considered a Red Republic. Contemplated, however, with a view to the means and measures whereby the conspirators proposed to effect their design, it wore the national color, and was a Green Republic. A Sensible Complaint-Accounts from Paris, among last week's news, inform us that " the cholera is sensibly on the de- chine." We rejoice to hear that the cholera is taking a course that shows so very much sense. The Royal Salute. Officer in charge of battery (in a fever lest the time of firing should be a second later : " Why, what are you about, No. 6 Why don't you serve the sponge]" Bombardier: "Hoots, toots! Can as' a body blow their nose ?" A Pastoral How should a shepherd arrange his dress ? In folds. The Disputed Account. Britannia: " Claim for damages against me? Nonsense Columbia ; don't be mean over money matters." New Books Pennyworth of Potatoes, by the author of Half-a-million of Money. The Beadle of the Battlements, a sequel to the Constable of the Tower. Tomkin's Warm Evenings, by the author of Tom Brown's Cool Days. Good news for the Navy The British sailor has from time immemorial had his grog ; he is now to enjoy his Funds also. A novel, by Mr. Alfred Austin, is advertised, entitled Won by a Head. We sincerely trust that the reputation already gained by the young author will not be Lost by a Tale. Narrow Escape. The Duke of Suther- land fired up the other day ; we have since heard his grace was put out by afire man. Magnetic (Punch at the window of a telegraph office.) Gentleman : " Is it possible to send a kiss to Brighton ?" Clerkoss: " Oh yes, Sir, but it must be repeated two or three times to make quite sure," How to learn to love your enemies. Play at croquet. 