CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOPS OF MAITLAND AND BATHURST. ON Tuesday, January 23, the Most Rev. Dr. Murray and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn were consecrated respectively Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst, Australia, by his Grace' the Archbishop of Dublin, in the pro-Cathedral, Marlborough-street. Within the memory of men still living there were only a few small Catholic missions on the great Australian continent, nearly equal in size to Europe. The progress of the Australian colonies became greater and greater every day, and a prodigious impulse was given to it by the discovery of the gold-fields and the high price of labor. At an early period some missionary priests settled down amidst the Catholic populations and established missions, which grow so rapidly that frequent and urgent demands had to be made to this country for priests to supply the spiritual necessities of an ever-increasing people. Places that had not been known a few years before became the centres of what are now great cities, and where humble priests preached the Gospel in the wilderness to their scattered flocks, the Church is now ruled by prelates, who preside over a faithful, zealous, and devoted clergy and where the rude wooden shanty stood, in which the solemn rites of the old faith were celebrated, the cross-bearing spires of the stately cathedral arise and speak of the great work which has been achieved, and the great victory for God that has been won. Those whom the love of gain induced to leave Ireland for Australia were few when contrasted with those who emigrated there to seek a home and indepon dance in their old age, and a place where the rights of their labor would be respected and protected. From seaports at this and at the other side of the Channel VOBBCIS crowded with emigrants sailed every day for the different set tlements in Australia, and the constant flow of the great human tide into the new country was the cause of the establishment of young settlements, destined in a short time to grow into great importance and become the sees of bishops. Amongst these are Maitland and Bathurst, peopled by the emigrants from Sydney, from which both places he at nearly equal distances, in opposite directions. From those and six other districts applications were made to the Propaganda for prelates, and, in accord aUco with these applications, the Most Rev. Dr. Murray was nominated Bishop of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn (brother of the Bishop of Brisbane) was named Bishop of Bathurst, and the bulls for their consecration were received Some days since by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, who fixed Tuesday last, the Feast of St. Laurence O'Toole, and patron of the diocese, for their consecration. The time arranged for the commencement of the ceremonies was 10 o'clock, but long be- fore that hour had arrived every part of the pro-cathedral not set apart for the prelates and clergy was densely crowded by a congregation not only anxious to witness one of the most solemn and imposing ceremonials of the rimal, but also to pay every mark of respect and reverence to the two good priests who had been selected for the very high honor which was conferred on them by the lineal successor of him whose festival it was. Within the sanctuary at the Gospel side a temporary altar was erected for the bishops elect, and the high altar was decorated as on great festivals. Shortly after 10 o'clock a procession having been formed in the side chapel of St. Kevin, it entered the church in the following order First came the Students of Holy Cross College, headed by cross bearers, acolytes, and therefor, then the students of All Hallows College, followed by the clergy and dignitaries ; then the Bishop elect of Bathurst the Most Rev. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of Bombay, senior assistant prelate ; the Rev. Dr. Conroy, chaplain ; the Bishop elect of Maitland ; the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, junior assistant prelate; chaplain, the Rev. Dr. Beechinor j the Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Coadjutor Bishop of Meath the Most Rev. Dr. Corrin, Coadjutor Bishop of Down and Connor ; the Most Rev. Dr. Gilroy, Bishop of Elphin ; his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, consecrating prelate, attended by the Very Rev. Monsignor Forde, V.G., and the Very Rev. Monsignor Woodlock, Rector Catho- lie University, assistant priests; and the Rev. Mr. M'Swiggin, master of ceremonies. The chaplains of the prelates with the Rev. Dr. Doyle, CO., At by the Rev. Dr. Doyle, O.O., Leixlip and the Rev. Mr. O'Donoghue. Amongst those present were The Very Rev. Canon McCabe, V.G. ; Very Rev. Mgr. Forde, V.G. ; Very Rev. Mgr. Woodlook, Very Rev. the Dean of Dublin ; the Very Rev. Dr. Russell, President of Maynooth ; the Venerable Archdeacon M'Dormott, the Very Rev. Canon Rooney, the Very Rev. Canon Redmond, the Very Rev. Canon Quinn, the Very Rev. Canon Pope, the Very Rev. Canon Roche, the Very Rev. Canon Leo, the Very Rev. Canon Kennedy, the Very Rev. Canon Costigan, the Very Rev. Canon Power, the Very Rev. Canon Smithwick, the Very Rev. Canon Lynch, the Very Rev. Canon M'Mahon, the Very Rev. Canon Farrell, the Very Rev. Canon Keogh, the Very Rev. Canon' Byrne, the Rev. Miles M'Manus, P.P.; Rev. P. Rooney, P.P. ; Rev. C. Burke, P.P. ; Rev. Mr. Coleman, P.P. ; Rev. Mr. Doherty, P.P. ; Rev. Mr. Kavanagh, President of Carlow College ; Rev. Mr. Dunne, P.P., Kildare; Rev. Professor Conroy, All Hal- lows ; Rev. P. Nolan, Rev. N. O'Farrell, Rev. TO Reilly, Rev. W. Murphy, Rev. P. O'Neill, Rev. J. Smith, Rev. T. Leahy, Rev. E. O'Connell, P.P. ; Rev. Mr. Mullally, P.P. ; Rev. Mr. Barlow, P.P. ; Rev. W. Irwin, Rev. N. Donnelly, Rev. F. Doran, P.P. ; Rev. A. M'Garry, Rev. Michael Brady, Rev. J. Daniels, Rev. 0. Nolan, the Very Rev. Father White, O.F.; Rev. T. O'Dwyer, P.P. ; Rev. J. O'Hanlon. His Grace the Archbishop having been invested with his full canonicals within the sanctuary and the prelates elect having been robed in the vestments of priests celebrant, over which they were splendid capes of cloth of gold richly embroidered, and his Grace the Archbishop having taken his seat in front of the altar, the bishops elect were conducted by the assistant prelates to the centre of the sanctuary, when the senior assistant prelate said Most Reverend Father, Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote those priests to the heavy office of bishop," When the consecrate ing prelate said Have you the apostolioman- date of which being answered in the affirmative they were ordered to be read. The Papal bulls authorising the consecration of the Most Rev., Dr. Murray for the newly created See of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn for the new See of Bathurst, having been read, the prelates elect came forward and were examined by the Archbishop, and having in all things expressed their submission to the Church, and declaring that they would discharge the duties devolving upon them as bishops, and after making a full confession of faith, they were conducted to their altar or chapel, where they, were divested of their cope, sandals were placed on their feet, and they were invested with pastoral crosses, BtoloB, tunics, dalmatics,clinuciblcs,andmnniplos. They then proceeded to the altar of their chapel, at which the mass proceeded with that at the high altar up to the Epistle and Tract, when the Archbishop called on the congregation to pray for the prelates elect, who prostrated them selves as the Litany of the Saints was being chanted, and at the conclusion of the Litany the Archbishop gave his blessing to the postulants. The books of the Gospels upon were laid on the shoulders of the prelates to be consecrated, his Grace the Archbishop and the assistant prelates placed their hands on the heads of the elect, and they all said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." The heads of the Bishop of Maitland and Bathurst were then bound with linen, and the Archbishop having attended the first verse of the sublime hymn, "Veni Creator Spiritus," it was taken up by the choir, which consisted of the students of Holy Cross College, led by the Rev. N. Donnolly, the Rev. T. O'Reilly, and the Rev. Professor Verdon, and was given as well as the rest of the sacred music, with much taste and devotional feeling. Nothing could be more solemn and impressive than the ceremonial while the grand hymn was being sung. Every part of the hallowed and ancient rights was full of moaning and Christian symbolism and before all the grandeur and beauty of the ritual of (the church. The Archbishop having blessed the episcopal rings, anointed the heads of the new bishops. At the conclusion of the first Gospel, the Very Rev. Canon M'Civbo, V.G., ascended the pulpit, and delivered a most eloquent and impressive. discourse taking the following passage for his text :-" He shall judge the poor of the people, and he shall save the children of the poor. He. shall continue with the sun, 'and before the moon, and throughout all generations. He will come down like ruin upon the fleece, and like showers gently falling on the earth. In His days, justice shall spring up, and abundance of peace, no shall rule from sea to sea, and from the beginning to the ends of the earth." At the termination of the sermon the Mass proceeded, and, at the conclusion of the Preface, the 132nd psalm, " Exo quam," was sung by the choir, during the performance of which the hands of the recently consecrated bishops were bound with white linen, and at the termination of the anthem they were anointed. Graziers were then placed in their left hands and the rings on their fingers, in accordance with ritual ceremonial. The books of the Gospels, which had been laid open on the necks and shoulders of the new bishops to signify their submission to the Word of God were then handed to them by the Archbishop, who said, " Go forth and preach the Gospel to all God's creatures," The now prelates proceeded to their chapel, and the Mass was continued at the high and side altars up to the Offertory, when the now bishops joined the Archbishop at the high altar, where missals were placed for them. After the consecration of the sacred elements, The Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst partook of the same communion with the Archbishop The mines having been blessed by the prelate celebrant, he placed them on the heads of the new prelates, who gave him and the assistant bishops the kiss of peace, and then proceeded through the church, and gave their blessing to the vast kneeling congregation. Having been conducted to the throne prepared for them, after the post communion, they pronounced the episcopal benediction, and with the Te Deum concluded the ceremonies of the day, which promoted two good and holy priests to the privacy of a remote region into which they will carry not the trophies of human conquest, but that eternal problem of the old faith by which alone shall may conquer. Catholic Telegraph, November 18. SOME later intelligence has been received from Captain Hall's Arctic expedition. From Repulse Bay, on August, 30, in latitude 66 deg. 31 min. north, and longitude 26 deg. 3 min. west, he wrote to Mr. Grinnell, of New York, that his winter quarters were on the west coast of Sir Thomas Rowe's Welcome, latitude 64 deg. 47 min. north, and longitude 82 deg. 18 min. west, among a community of Esquimaux. Thence he had come to Repulse Bay, and was preparing for his search for the remains of Sir John Franklin's crow, but he made no allusion to his plans. THE general bill of fare at the grand banquet given on November 9 by the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs at Guildhall is a curiosity in its way. There were 250 tureens of real turtle, containing 6 pints each 200 bottles of sherbet, 6 dishes of fish, 30 entrees, 4 boiled turkey and oysters, 60 roast pullets, 60 dishes of fowls, 46 dishes of capons, 50 French pies, 60 pigeon pies, 53 hams ornamented, 43 tongues, 2 quarters of house lamb, 2 barons of beef, 3 rounds of beef, 2 stowed rumps of beef, 18 sirloins, rumps, and ribs of beef, 60 dishes of mashed and other potatoes, 44 dishes of shellfish, 4 dishes of prawns, 140 jellies, 50 blancmange, 40 dishes of tarts creamed, 40 dishes of almond pastry, 30 dishes of orange and other " courses," 20 Chantilly baskets, 60 dishes of mince pies, 56 salads. The Removes : 80 roast turkeys, 6 reveres, 80 pheasants, 24 geese, 40 dishes of partridges, 15 dishes of wild fowl, 2 per fowls. Dessert : 100 pineapples, from to 2lb. to 3lb. each, 200 dishes of hothouse grapes, 250 ice creams, 50 dishes of apples, 100 ditto of pears, 60 ornamental Savoy cakes, 75 plates of walnuts, 80 ditto of dried fruit and preserves, 50 ditto of preserved ginger, 60 ditto of rent cakes and chips, 46 ditto of brandy cherries. The guests were about 150 in number. Dr. SMITH, late Bishop of Victoria (China), says that he believes no intention of suppressing the bishopric is entertained by the Government. 