HOBARIT TOWN. (Flom our own Correspondent.) Tuesday afternoon. Excepting on the part of the Ministry. electioneering movements are very languid as yet for the two seats that may be said to be vacant here. Yesterday the remains of Mr. Kissock, the late Hoon representative in the Council, wee borne to the grave, when there was a large concourse, although it had been intimated that the funeral was to be a private one. Perhaps a little too much of a political character was given to the occasion, and indeed several aequaintancer of tihe deceased complained of ihis. But the living who have no stronger affection to the departed than what worldly politics have created, will be bent on their own turns even when putting the departed in their last resting.place. Mr. Kissock was for many years a courteous, trustworthy, nr.t prno. dent tradesman here, and his good qualities conciliated to him many friends, although no one thought him in tihe place for which he wes best fitted in the Legislature. However now that he is gone, as I have said, Ministers, if no one else, are maoct troubled about who is to take his place. And quite by accident as 'twore, they have been waited on from the Huon for their views as to a further vote for that favored district, which in the last session of Parliament got some forty odd thousand pounds granted to it-more, it is said, than the whole district would sell for if it were brought to the hammer. There is a good deal of fun in town about the knowing move of the Huonites, and the readiness with which the Ministry understood it, and in a day or two people expect the appearance of the proper. sort of requisition with the proper sort of re ply to it, in which "more money to the Hulmon" will ie the political principle of the candidate on the one aide, and just the pledge which the constituency will require. It is a very good thing that seats are not vacant oftener than they are. As it is, it will be very expensive in course of time this system of local grants in favor of districts between which and the Ministry a proper understanding has been established. As to woho is to be the ministerial nominee for the Holon I can tell you nothing, except what you may read for yourself in 'Ahe dler cury ; namely, that HBelder Wedge, who has no chance whatever for Hobart will be an. sigeod there. The same authority will tell you, however, that Mr. Graves will contest the seat, and if so, there will then be a choice between a Minisaorialist and an independent candidate who knows the district and has in. terests in it, and won't be less disposed than his opponent to get all he can from the Trean sury for local outlay. While this is the state of the case for the Huon, there is a hanging of fire on both sides for the mstropolitan'district. A resolute contest both sides know would be a. very expensive one, and the colonial " Brooks " or " Carleton" is very low In the funds disposable fr elections at the present moment One side has not learned the art of organising, or been broken into dubbing up,; while the other is bankrupt from it, and dis heartened by the prospects of a return, or re ther of a no.return. An announcement front Wedge, however, or any other Ministerial man wanting in strong claims upon the Ho bart Town constituency, would at once change the aspect of affairs. Meantime the circum stance of Mr. William Robertson being ex. pected here does not pase without comment. Nothing, however, can be more contrary to fact than the attempt on one side or on the other to couple that with any eloctione:r'ng question. His most intimate friends disclaim it, and allege that if he had any notion that it was imputed to him that so uubecoming an object brought him again among old friends, it would at once send him back again. Indeed his concern, or oveb that of his connection, the Colonial Secretary, in Tasmanian politics is said to be much sub. deed. 1lr. WVlhyto is understoot to be res trained from severing his political connec tions only by the obligations which he is under as n party man; and if Administration survives the session, the hon. Mr. Wilson will take hie place, when of course the latter would surrender his military command, as it would unquestionably be dangerous as a pro cedent for one man to be armed with the highest civil and military powers; although in the hands of Mr. Wilson nobody would fear anything at all. You have seen enough about Ministerial patronage. in the small things it is in the hands of Ministers to give away. Nothing has been done about the office of Sorgeantat. Arms-no, nor Usher of the Black Rod, and the Secretaryship to the Cemetery Commis sion-all are in reserve I The fact is, that them is such a surplus of merit to be re. warded that all go unrewarded alike from the shear difficulty of deciding who is the most deserving. 'rTuE HUO DIaTRtICT.-The .Aercury has the following :--Mr. Graves has been invited to stand for the Huon, just vacated by the decease oat the iron. A. Kisso "k, and Ihis inclination, we understinl, loeads him that way. Mr. Wedge has also been spoken of in the government candidate for the district, ad some parties have been employed in canvas.. inc fur him. But when it is known that Mr. Graven intends to statd,-popular us he is in Bhe district, it is quite likely that Mr. Wedge. will be induced to tetire. He would not have the ghost of a chance against Mir. Graves. 