/ HOSPITAL BAZAAR. The Bazaar and Sale of Gifts in aid of the building fund of the Hospital . was opened yes terday. From the morning onwards, the ladies were busily engaged in unpacking and dressing out the stalls, and by the lime the . opening took place, the inside of the -Market Hall had undergone a thorough transformation. Garlands of evergreens were decked out with miraculous looking pieces of needlework, with children s apparel, with fanciful toys, &i;\ Evergreens wrought iu curious patterns, and flags hanging in drooping folds surrounded the stalls; and the stalls were skilfully dressed so as to display the goods for sale to the best advantage. The visi tors began to pour in rapidly about three o'clock, which was the hour fixed for the formal open ing. Little time was allowed to lapse, for the Volunteer Band, which was in attendance, struck up the 100th Psalm, and about half-a- dozen gentlemen and one lady, who ascended the platform, sung in fine style the following -verses - ' " With one consent let all the earth To God their cheerful voices raise, Glad homage pay with awful mirth, Aud sing before Him songs of praise. Praise God from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him all creatures here below, Praise Him above ye heavenly host. : Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. At the termination of the music, the Mayor took his place on the platform, when he spoke to the following effect: — He said that he felt the full importance of the duty that devolved upon. him to open the bazaar, aud he considered the privilege of taking such a prominent part in the proceedings a very high one. They were all deeply interested in the humane objects of the Hospital, and he felt it quite unnecessary for him to dilate upon the benefits of such an institution, the more so as he was sure that every one considered it his duty and privilege to give it support. It had now become a necessity from the Dalure of occupations, wherein mining accidents were of more frequent occur rence than in other callings. They were aware the bazaar was organised for the purpose of rais ing the £700, so as to secure the £2000 grant for building, and lie had great pleasure in congratu lating the ladies for the feat they had accom plished in bringing together so large a display of goods. With these few remarks, he would conclude by declaring the bazaar open. God Save the Queen was sung, which brought 1 the ceremonials to a close, and permitted the real j business of selling to commence. It would be impossible, and would be as dry reading as Johnson's dictionary to give a cata logue of the knick-knacks and the endless va riety of things that are offered for sate by fair vendors, who are persistently forcing reluctant bachelors to purchase, from dolls up to bassinets, but a general idea may be given by summaris ing the contents of the different stalls. On en tering the Hall the first stall to the left" is Campbell's Creek, which is presided over by Mesdames - Church, Hays, Kerrigan, and Ferrie. Here may be seen a ship in full sail on the table, an assortment of drapery, table aud chimney ornaments, engravings, a papier mache card-table, a cage with four native firetails, two toilet-stands, &c.; Guildford Stall- — This is a double stall, about 30 feet in length, and is presided over by Mesdames Low, G affney,' JV Sin clair," and Miss Mein. " A large quantity of toys, falling within the department of fancy goods, are displayed at this table. They were purchased from a Mel bourne house on sale or return, "so that a keen eye has been kept to the practical application of the funds. Besides the money invested, there is a balance in cash of £150, which will most probably give Guildford the honor of being the highest contributor. A neat little bassinet oc cupies an honorable place on the table, with a motto on a cushion inside, " Welcome little stranger ;" but the little stranger had not ar rived when we took our departure, so we are unable to say what his emotions were on his im portant advent. There is plenty of apparel there for him or any other small stranger who was welcomed years ago. There was also shown a very well cut tobacco pipe, .out of colonial wood, by John Smith, of Guildford. Refreshment Stall.— Mrs Adair, Miss Bull, and Miss Davis, who attended to this very attractive department, gave the spectator a very good idea of perpetual motion, from their being kept constantly engaged in trying to assuage the thirst of people "who were liable to a recur- \ rence of the disease which they sought to an- j pease, not cure. ' ' Taradale.— Mesdames Sevier, Makiuson, Berry, Wells, and Miss Preshaw presided over this stall, which was set-off with leather- wOrk in frames and baskets, fancy goods, flowers, milli nery, &c.; A cedar firescreen with two hawks' wings formed a prominent object of attraction and curiosity at this table. Castlemaine Stalls. Ho". Gpresided over by"" Mesdames Day, Christie, Hunter, Misses Kibble and Wheeler. The work of ladies' hands," in wool, in mats, in cushions, in crotchet, was displayed in profusion, besides a quantity of fancy articles. A very ueat model of an Indian bungalow, which we think was shown at the: Exhibition, was offered for absolute sale, and we hope it- may prove a desirable investment to a man of means. No. 7 was presided over by Mesdames Young, Kentish, Matthews, Burnett, Hobart, Allnutt, and Miss Inez Meaburn. At this stall there was also a great show of cunning needlework, in handsome cushions sewn with Berlin wool and other materials. There were millinery, Chinese slippers sewn with beads, a flower stand ornamented with leather work, has socks, a bassinet furnished, and a Christmas tree on which dolls were remorselessly hung, and looking so pleasant .under the operatiou as to suggest that suicide among the green bushes may.'. be made very comfortable, not to say a word about the ornamental effect. But the dolls were notthe sole occupants of the tree, for there were countless numbers of small shoes or curious de» vices growing out among "the leaves in all sorts of odcl places. IS o. 8. — Presided over by Mesdames M'Cay , Hntchesou, Kearney, and Hooper, and Misses M'Meckiu and Raines. This was also a well- furnished stall, with a fine display of needlework, fire-screens, fancy goods and millinery. Promi nent on the table was Her Most Gracious Ma jesty Queen Yictoria, - richly dressed, with the imperial crown upon her royal head; (and ticketed for sale at 25s. Such a sacrifice was perhaps never-heard of before— the crown and the Queen in full bloom given for such a low figure. A chair, elaborately carved and covered with beau tiful ueedleworki had an imposing appearance. Besides the above there were two extra stalls, one will) flowers and the other with produce, but no fair ladies stood guardians over either, aud perhaps it would be difficult lor even the most eloquent of tliffni to inveigle a bachelor into the purchase of a sack of flour or bran, for his own especial use. richahdson's show. This Show; opened in the evening, proved a great attraction, and was a thorough success. The make-up of the characters was so good that it was very difficult to detect some well-known faces. The doorkeeper was passed by many familiars without knowing who ho was. The first piece played was " The Monarch, the M!ar- shal, and the Maiden," an adaptation from Bombastes Furioso, in which was introduced a number of local hits. The acting throughout was really good iu its way of burlesque, and created a deal of merriment. This piece being despatched in about a quarter of an hour, the performers again appeared in front, and invited the spectators to roll up, at a charge of sixpence, which sum must either be paid for admittance or pass through the keyhole. A pantomime followed, in which the Columbine (Mr Toiney) was excellently got up. He danced lightly and with grace. Har lequin (by Mr Carbarns) was very successful, whether considered as to dancing or agility. A small boy of about four years of age, sou to Mr Pritehard, was turned out of a pie in the ortho dox inauner, and clown aud pantaloon with tho other characters were all very comically per formed, after the legitimate Richardson's Show type. Goodwiu's pies were introduced by the magic wand of Harlequin, and Pickett s hair- brushing succeeded Archibald's shaving by the tormentor, which was equal to operating on the throat or any hirsute appendage. Richard III. followed the above performances, and went off very well. The greatest credit is due to Mr T. Cooper, the stage manager, for the active part he has taken'in bringing tho pieces on the stage, aud for his performances as an actor. TVe un derstand that to-night admittance may be gained to Richardson's Show without parsing through the bazaar. The money taken was as follows: — No. 8 stall, £21 5s 9d ; No. '/ do, £18 lis Sd ; No. b do, £9 10s ; Taradale, £9 ; refreshments, £3 ; Guildford, £-23 Ss 3d ; Campbell's Creek, £10 17s ; Richardson's show, £6 Ss 6d ; tickets at door, £14 2s. Total, £118 3s 2d. 