€jcde»mrficaL Confirmation and First Communion at the Sacred Heart Church. — On Thursday morning a large number of children made their first Com munion in the church of the Sacred Heart. For several weeks past the Very Rev. the Vicar- General, with Father JD'Arcy, and several of the nuns from St. Vincent's Hosnital have been unremitting in their exertions to prepare properly those who were to approach for the first time the altar rails. On several days in each week instruction was given in the church and for some days immediately preceding Thursday this instruction was given each afternoon. The weather on Thursday was most beautiful, and between 7 and 8 in the morning, the .children might be seen wending their way to the church, the girls all dressed in white, and the boys in neat attire. They all assembled in the school-room where the nuns took charge of the girls and the boys were under the immediate control of the members of the Christian Doctrine Confraternity. The girls wore white veils over their heads and some also had wreathes of flowers. Shortly before 8 a procession was formed, and slowly proceeded .to the church singing at the same time appropriate hymns. The girls occupied the front seats facing the altar, and behind them were the boys. The Very Bev. the Vicar- General said Mass, during which the young people appeared intently devout and engaged in prayer. When the priest had come to the Domino non sum dignus imme diately preceding holy communion he turned round to the children and addressed to them a short discourse upon the great sacrament which they were about' to receive. He exhorted ihem to acts of love and confi dence and to approach the altar rails with thei) minds filled with the love of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament. The short exhortation was most impressive and must have been cheering to these young souls who were for the first time to receive in their hearts (he Creator of tho universe. Holy Communion was then administered first to the girls, and next to the boys, all of whom with joined hands and down cast eyes went up to thp altar rails. When this was over Father Sheekv again addressed a few words to the children upon the great event which they had just performed after which mass was concluded. After spending a short time in silent prayer the children were taken back to the school room, where an excellent breakfast had been prepared for them, through the interest and exertions of the members of the Christian Doctrine Confraternity. Fathers D'Arcy and Newman, were present in the church during the mass of the first communion. Shortly after ten o'clock the children were again led into the church, and this time they were accompanied by several adults who had not yefc received the sacrament of confirmation. They sang hymns on their way and occupied the same seats as in the earlier part of the morning. The Right Rev. Dr. Eloy, Coadjutor Bishop of Oceanica, then ascended the altar steps, and having put on the mitre proceeded to address those about to be confirmed upon the Sacrament. He explained how in the time immediately following the Ascension of our Blessed Lord, the Apostles had laid their hands upon the newly converted, and they received the Holy Ghost. The Bishops at the present time deriving their authority from the same divine source, and also brought down the Holy Ghost upon those upon whom they laid their hands. His Lordship briefly explained how in the Sacrament of baptism they were made Christians, and in the Sacrament of the Eucharist which they had all partaken that morning their souls received that divine nourishment with out which it was imposible for them to have spiritual life. In the Sacrament of confirmation they would be made soldiers of Jesus. Christ, valiant defenders of the cross, and strengthened to resist the temptations to which they were all liable in their progress through life. The sacrament could only be received once ; hence, the great necessity of approaching it with proper dispositions. The discourse of the bishop was listened to with the greatest attention by all present. The ceremony of Confirmation then commenced ; th3 children advancing in couples to the knees of the bishop, who anointed their foreheads, using the appointed form of words. While this 'was going ov the choir sang the Veni Creator Spiritus, and other hymns to the Holy Ghost. When all had been confirmed, ins uorusuip again addressed a tew words of exhor tation upon the necessity of leading lives as befitted those who had received within their hearts the Holy Ghost. The ceremony was brought to a con clusion by the bishop pronouncing his episcopal blessing. The children then returned to the school, from which they were dismissed to their respective '? homes. During the whole of the ceremonies the Church was crowded. There were about 150 who made their first communion, and about 170 were confirmed. The late Bishop Willson. —On Tuesday morning at ten o'clock, a solemn Dirge and Requiem High Mass wil be celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral, for the repose of the soul of the late Dr. Willson, Bishop of Hobart Town. Ordination in St. Mary's Cathedral.— On this morning, at 7 o'clock, Bishop Eloy will go through the imposing ceremony of conferring the order of priesthood upon the Rev. Austin Byrne, of Lyndhurst College. Several other young gentlemen will receive minor orders. The ceremony will take -f place in St. Mary's Temporary Cathedral. '' Catholic Church Waverley.— A meeting of the ? ? Catholics of this district was held in the school-room on Monday evening, to take the necessary steps to' SP*'**^*^ '.-??? finish the church. The Rev. Father Woolfrey oc- ? cupied the chair. Several gentlemen addressed the meeting, from which it would appear that the sum of £700 is still required to complete the building. Two of the parishioners volunteered: to go security to a bank for an advance of £500 and it was expected that the balance could be raised amongst the parishioners. A collection was made and the sum of £27 was raised. The meeting then separated. j 