HOSPITAL MANAGEMENT. Although the diBcusBion in the Assembly on Friday last turned very much upon the dismissal of the Matron of the Hospital, the motion that waa carried involves a much wider question. The Government are inetructed by that motion to carry out the recominendationB made by the Commission which eat in 1864. They must therefore reorganize the establishment, aud put its management on an entirely new footing. The arguments in favour of this course have been often stated in these column?, and the precise nature of the recommendations of the Commission has been more than once explained. But singularly enough the ir.cmbers of the Assembly have not yet caught the meaning of those recommendations. Nearly all of them spoko of a Medical Board that should tale part in the practice of the Ilospital— a Board whoso members should have the responsibility of treating the patients, and who should. divide with tho Colonial Surgeon the charge of all the cases brought to tho Hospital. Mr. Jfeale?, Mr. Toivneeud, and Mr. Goode clearly took thia view, and other members argued in the same direction. Cut what tho Commis sion of 1864 recommended was something entirely different. They advised that the functions of the present Medical Board should bo extended; that it should visit the Hospital periodically, and jeport on its management ; and that in surgical operations, except those of the simplest character, the visiting members should be consulted. But as to any interference with the treatment of the patients generally tho Commissioners said they desired to record their dissent from the opinions of some of the witnesses 'as to the desirability of cases in the Hospital being placed under the charge of members of the medical profession who might voluntarily undertake to attend at the Hospital for that purpose.' They considered ' that the division of responsibility which would result from such a syBteni would be extremely undesirable. The circumstances of the Adelaide Hospital,' they remarked, 'differ from those of Ike large hospitals in England in being a Government institution with a paid medical staff ; and tiie Commissioners are doubtful whether the members of tho medical profession in this colony who enjoy the con fidence of the public would be able to spare the time necessary for the care of ca3os in the manner proposed by tho witnesses referred to.' Thu3 tho Commissioners were opposed to the scheme which members of Parliament thought they were in favour of, aud which the Govern ment arc now expected to adopt, though they are certainly not authorized to do so by the resolution which has been passed; for that approves of the ' recommendations' of the Commiaeion, and not of tho proposal to establish a Board or 6taff of Hospital Surgeons, whose duty it should bo to divide the responsi bility of heating the patients umongst them selvcB. The impracticability of this latter scheme arises from tho circumstance of tho Hospital being a Government establishment. This is on evil, but it is a necessary one as long as the public refuse to ondow and support such establishments by private* contributions. The Government ore forced to do tho work because nobody else will undertake it. Henco arises the absurdity of the Hospital being in the de partment of tho Chief Secretary, who is Eup posed to be responsible for the treatment of patients — a subject on which he is totally ignorant—and who is expected to control the Colonial Surgeon and his assistants in all matters affecting the management of the Hospital and tho welfare of its inmates. As long as this anomaly continues, tho public will have to entrust the management of the Hos pital lo a head of department immediately responsible to the Government On this sub ject a great deal of evidence wa3 taken in 1861, and many of tho witnesses saw tho danger of dividing tho authority in the Hoepital. They believed that if surgeons out of doors uRdertcok ca?e3, it would be unfair to hold tho Colonial Surgeon responsible for their treatment, and that it would also be Iko worse for the patient, who would he liable to be neglected when the profession generally happened to bo more than usually busy. This evidence had its due weight with the Commission, and they accordingly reported against a divided authority; but they still urged tie desirability of establishing a Board of Supervision, which should exercise a general surveillance over the Hospital, should attend at stated timec, should hear complaints . and make suggestion?, and should when necessary be consulted by tho Colonial Surgeon on the treatment of serious casM. It ia this plan, then, and not tho appointment of honorary Hospital Surgeons which tho Government will now have to adopt, for it ia this which is in accordance with the motion of tho Assembly, though not iu accordance with the speeches of inony honourable members. If such a Beard of Supervision had been established when recommended, the mis management of the last two years might have been avoided. In 18G1 the Commission clearly pointed out the deficiencies of tho Hospital— the want of cleanlinesp, tho want of order, and the want of united action ; yet our responsible Governments go on blindly, making no change, and deriving no benefit from the labours of the Commission. They did nothing in 1861. Then during tho next year an altercation nroso tetween tVe Colonial Surgeon and the Matron, and still the Government did nothing be) ond making tho Matron pay for linen that had been lost. Thi», instead of mending matters, made them worse, and of course thero was a fresh outbreak before the folhwjng twclvo montlu had passed. On thia occasion tho Government felt compelled to do something, so they dismissed the Matron} still leaving the mode of management as imperfect as ever. Thia cutting off of a finger to cure the body was hasty and incon« siderate, to eny the least of it. But this is a matttr which has been discussed quite enough The Matron ha* found plenty of champions since we first drew attention to the abruptness of her dismissal, and therefore 'the martyr dom of Mre. Briggs' need not bo further' dwelt upon. Looking at all the facts of the caae— the report of 1864, the quarrels of 1865, and the enquiry of 1866— it is evident that it was time for the Matron to leave tho establish ment ; but the mode of her removal was unfair, and therefore the Government are bound to give her some compensation. But the more important question is tho ap pointment of a Board of Supervision. Tbis cannot be neglected any longer, and though members of the Assembly will not obtain all that they asked for in their speeches, there will be no excuse for not enforcing that which they recommend in tteir resolution— tho appoint of a Board of Supervision, which might wisely consist partly of medical men and partly of layme:--, and which should advise on all matters connected with the management of the Hospital. ' TitE Basks op tub TonnEUS.— Another banking question— introduced by Mr. Towns end— occupied the Assembly a long time yesterday. He wanted £1,000 for beautifying tho banks of the Torrens. But tho Govern ment would not promise more than £500. This he refused to accept, and therefore lost all ; but we hope he will raunngo to bring it forward in some new form before the close of the session. The worst part of the discussion was that members accused each other very freely of want of intelligence— a point on which they ought to be discreetly silent. The Post-Off.ce Pillabs.— Mr. Hydrick, of Bundle-street, called at our office yesterday morn ing, and informed us that at about 9 o'clock on Tuesday evening he went to the pillar for letters, at the corner of King 'William-street and Hindley strcet, with the intention of posting a lettej; but -he found that lie could not get if in at first, and on feeling, to ascertain the cause of the obstruction, he found that he could with the greatest ease have taken some of the letters out. There was no policeman near the spot, and nothing to prevent any person from taking the letters. Adelaide WnfE-CELiiABS.-An advertisement in our business columns informs the public that wine-cellars have been opened at the cornet- of Uilbert-place and Curric- street, under the manage ment of Mr. J. W. Bull. We have paid a visit to the cellars, which are comfortably though plainly fitted up, and, on a hot day like Wednesday, deliriously cool. A goblet of wine and a couple of ham sandwiches are suppied for 6d., and the purchaser has his choice of several fine old wines from various vineyards in the colony. One main object of establishing the luncheon is to Introduce the native wines to the public We believe the wine-cellars will become a favourite place of resort —especially in very hot ihys— and the enterprise deserves to be supported. Adjudication.— Georce Eubenkonig, late of Mount Gambier, storekeeper, but now of Adelaide, out of business, waa adjudicated insolvent on Wednesday. The Alexander Brothers.— The announce ment that 'The Ghost'' would be produced at tho Town Hall on Wednesday evening as part of the bill of fare of the Alexander Brothers drew together a large concourse of persons. At the time fixed for producing the shade the lights were turned completely out, and this encouraged some of the audience to raise quite a hubbub in the shape of noises of all descriptions. The conse quence was that the performer was perfectly unable to give the introductory explanations, and when the Ghost was brought to view, it was only visible to a select few who occupied seats in the middle of the room. The illusion was repeated three times with different subjects; and we have the assurance of Mr.- Alexander that it was accom plished satisfactorily. The majority of the spec tators evinced their incredulity in a most unmis takable manner, and when the programme was changed maintained a constant cry for 'The Ghost' If the performance waa not a decided success, it is only just to the performers to say that they did not have an opportunity of trying then* best. The music which was given in the course of the cveningprobably tended to keep down the appreciative inclinations of the assemblage, for certainly it was of a very droning and melan choly cast. Lecture by the Ret. S. Anneab.— On Wed nesday evening the Rev. 8. Annear delivered a lecture on Western Africa in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street. There was a numerous attendance, and Mr. J. M. Dowie pre sided. After making a few remarks he introduced the rev. lecturer, who said he had been an extensive traveller. After enumerating the various places he had visited, he stated that he had spent five years in Western Africa, having landed at Sierra Leone as a missionary in 1841. The beautiful scenery of that place, which he said he had not seen equalled in all his travels, was then described. The average population of the settlement amounted to 50,000 or 60.000, nearly all of whom, with the exception of about 200 whites, were descended from or were liberated slaves. They were the representatives of about 50 different tribes, who had Iwen recaptured from the slave vessels and set at liberty. The rev gentleman spoke of his visits to slave vessels before their living freight had been discharged, and the joyful scenes which took place when the liberated slaves were recognised by their friends and countrymen. The confiscation and destruction of captured slave vessels were touched upon, and it was stated that one-half of the churches, schools, and nrssion-houses of Sierra Leone were built of the wood of those ships: The philanthropy of the negroes also formed a subject of remark, and the gorilla controversy was re ferred to, the lecturer affirming that the question had been thoroughly solved and set at rest by the missionaries. After some of the adventures of the celebrated Hichard Landor had been icheaiscil, the lecture was concluded with a graphic descrip tion of the way in which a landing was effected through the surf at Sierra Leone. At the conclu sion, aud several times during the deliyery of the lecture, Mr. Annear was greeted with hearty applause. After a collection had been made, the customary votes of thanks closed the proceedings. Port Adelaide Yodko Men's Association.— The so'uee in the Town Uall was the topic of con versation during the day on Tuesday, but at night the clouds held out but faint hopes of a large audience. The doors, however, were not long opened before the spacious room was well filled. The Chairman, Mr. B. Douglas, having opened the proceedings in a few well-chosen remarks, called upon Air. II. Giles, who delivered the following prologue :— ' To aid the needy and relieve distress, To cheer the widow and fatherless. To give the helpless all the need you can, To act throughout the Good Samaritan, Is the great privilege of all mankind. Relief and sympathy should be combined. 'Death, the dread enemy, has snatched away And ruthlessly demanded for his prey Two men, in the full vigour of their prime, And hardly giving them a moment's time To cry to Heaven the prayer for aid Which their hearts form'd, but death the utt'rance stay'd, Brought on them unawares their awful doom; The waves their shroud, the sea their wat'ry tomb. These men so suddenly depriv'd of life Left each a family, and each a wife, To tight life's battles— to bear all the load Of numerous troubles— to feel the goad Of stings that out of poverty arise. No husuand left to succour them; the eyes Which watch'd them with affection's jealous care Arc fix'd in death's unmeaning, helpless stare Their wives and children deep their fate lament, And grieve the loss their love could not prevent Who to their bleeding hearts can give relief— Heal thechild's sorrow and the woman's grief} Oh, mourners, look with taith to One on high, He hears the widows' and the orphans' cry ; He helps and comforts all by grief oppress'd, And plants new hope within the aching breast We can assist to mitigate their woe, And in their darken'd sky reveal the bow. If we relieve the uufortunato and poor, We shall gain strength to suffer aud endure When the hour comes which is by fate decreed That we support should want, assistance need. Let's use the means which Providence hestowa, : 'Twill bring our minds contentment and repose; Make our hearts hanpy and our bosoms light; Assist the poor, and conscience will requite. God loves the man who listens to the cry, And ministers to want or misery. 'Tis in a cause like this we come to night, Our object good, we trust our motives right, Think of the children and their widow'd parents. Kind audience, we ask for your forbearance." To entertain an audience is at all times rather a difficult one, especially to amateurs, whose con- fidence in their own powers requires a little working up before reaching concert pitch. But on this occasion the gentlemen volunteers behaved capi- tally in the respective parts selected, and, although not faultless, the entertainment was a success. To eulogize Mrs. Wishart would only reiterate the well-deserved mead of praise she invariably receives. The comic Irish song, "Barney O'Hae," brought down a round of applause and an encore, to which the response was gracefully accorded in "Obey." A gentleman recently arrived rnnipriwl tlin ' Tihinfi Maiitan' with cxnui eite taste, both vocally and instrumentally. The scene from 'The .Rivals' affoidcd Sir L. O'Trigger an opportunity of making his bow in propria persona, and Bob Acres was admirably played by one who, in the daily walks of life, would scarcely be considered equal to the task. The piece had been evidently well studied, and the make-up of the actors was highly creditable. Sir Lucius strutted and fumed to the very letter, seeming, if possible, a shade taller than usual. Nextfollowed the glee, 'Silver Moonlight,' which was rendered in a feeling manner, but almost failed to electrify the audience from the feebleness of the masculine voices. Mrs. Wishart having the whole of the work to herself, consequently this otherwise pretty glee was not so successful as some others. The readings and recitations were credi tably gone through, and after a vote of thanks to Captain Douglas, Mrs. Wishart, and Mr. Nesfield the proceedings terminated at 11 o'clock with the National Anthem. Lands Titles Office.— The following is a com-, pamtive statement of transactions during the month of September, 1865-1SG6, in the Lands Titles Office;— September. 18«5. 1866. Applications ? 104 60 Transfers ? 178 143 Mortgages ? 1U5 150 Leases ? 27 22 Transfer of mortgages ? 4 4 Discharges ? 51 Gl Powers of attorney ? 2 — Caveats ? ... 4 ' Encumbrances ? ... — 2 Transfer of leases ? 1 ? 5 Surrender of leases ... ... ... 1 J Trusts ? 2 — Licences ? 1 — Transmissions ? 5 3 Withdrawals of caveat ? 2 3 Total ... 517. 465 Fees of office ? dE60312s. £495 11s. Yalue ol land brought under Act £113,976 £35,670 Local Court. -At the Adelaide Local Court (Full Jurisdiction Civil) on Wednesday, October 3, two unsatisfied judgments were disposed of. In the cases of Griim v. Stoeckel, Bruce v. Honey, Hyndman v. Elder, and South Australian Banking Company v. Brown, judgments were given for the plaintiffs. The case of Martin v. Grant and Another was adjourned for a month. Adelaide Police Court.— Some informations for infractions of the city by-laws and other minor cases constituted the principal business of the Police Court on Wednesday. A charge of high way robbery was preferred against George Goodall, shoemaker, Hindmarsh,, but the prosecutor did not appear, and.from^thellittleevielencethat was adduced it could not be sustained. Anniversary of the Belt Chapel. — The anniversary services were held in the Belt Chapel on Sunday. October 1 : the public tea meeting being held on the following Tuesday, after which a public meeting, presided over by Mr. James Harry. The Sabbath-school report was read, and addresses were delivered by the Kev. K. C. Flockart, and Messrs. Davis, Shearing, Burton, and Hartshorne. The Brompton Choir was in atten dance, under the direction of Mr. W. Cornish. Presentation. — The members of the late Milang Eiile Company have lately presented Staff Sergeant-Major O'Carroll with a testimonial, con sisting of a purse of money, as a mark of their appreciation of his services as Drill- Instructor to the corps. The following is a copy of the address :— 'Milang, September 14, 186(5. To StaffSergeant Major Terence O'Carroll, Volunteer Military Force, Adelaide. Dear Sir-We the undersigned, officers, non- commissioned officers, and privates of the late Milang liifle Company, have great plea sure in bearing testimony to the very efficient manner in which the duties of Drill-Instructor to our company were discharged by you during the years Of your connection with it. The urbanity and kindness with which the necessary discipline was tempered arc borne in grateful remembrance by all of us. Further, we feel assured that the hifih posi tion attained by the company as marksmen is in a very great measure due to your painstaking instruc tion in position drill. We beg your acceptance of the accompanying small token of eur regard; and with the warmest wishes for your welfare and pros perity, we are, dear Sir, yours very sincerejy.' Signed by Jame3 Eankine, M.P., Captain; F. W. Mitchell and E. Adamson, Sergeants; P. Mar tin, Corporal ; aud 17 other gentlemen, privates. CIVIL SlTTINCS.-The case of White v. Har wood, an action for breach of covenant of a lease. was heard on Wednesday, and after a quantity of evidence having been given on each side, and the Jury several times directed by His Honor, it was evident thera was little or no chance of their agreeing upon a verdict, and accordingly by constflt of the partie3 the Jury was discharged. The only remaining case is that of Kelly v. Taylor, which Will be.ueaid. this morning, 