THE 'CONVENT AT ISLEWORTH NEAR1 LONDON. Few, if indeed any, readers of this journal are unacquainted with the noble Convent of Gumley House, Islewortb . It ia but a short distance from Richmond, embosomed in pleasant woodlands and rolling downs. Near it flows the Thames overshadowed by miniature forests of drooping willow and glittering ash. Around it are the great homesteads of a village, which, more than any other within the same distance, posesses that quiet, pastoral, Tudoresque air, so refresh ing to the sojourner lately liberated from the bustle ana uproar 01 wie juuiw,uuuiuuua ^iu;y. Hemmed in by shrubberies, glowing as we last saw, them with the gold and purple of autumn, lies the convent in which an army of young ladies are being disciplined for the encounters of life. Passing through the gates, and under the severely Tuscan colonnade of the front, the - visitor passes a little shrine, set in an alcove, , with a lamp burning at the feet of the Immacu late Mether. The air is soft and sweet, in- , audible too, save when it trickles through the bounteous orancnes 01 me overuangm^ trees. To the right is a wicket, beyond which are clumps of yellowing foliage, and above this the Vast cloud-land of a November afternoon, good for lightning or for rain. Crossing the wicket youT'tread a gravelled path, bordered on each aide by breadths of the greenest grass. Gusts vof Slaughter came thence at intervals ; for the pupils are abroad, and the sweet rejoicing of budding womanhood carols out through the November stillness. The lady, our cicerone, who has conducted us thus far, smiles and beckons. Every soul in that gay company is her friend. That young lady who traverses the toddler who looks with eagar eyes for sisterly recognition, are alike her intimates and com panions. A bell rings, and the several groups break up. In twinkle of an eye the jubilant noises are hushed, and one hears from the in terior of the school the strident tones of pianos, or, through a half-opened window the smothered gossip of two young friends. A turning to the right brings us to the door of the conventual chapel. There are not many Catholics in lsleworth, though a church has long been opened there under the charge of an eminent nephew of his Eminence, the late Cardinal Wiseman. The good nuns open their doors on Sabbaths and holidays to such as may be inclined to join in public devotions. In the /JI/Mirin/v J\ otto r\$ oiiiYimni* nr n on f no nlnii f\ a ova t*XAJ TV -1J ' ti \ACvj ^ v/x w vim i;ivi * 11 .la.\^j.j. u*~lv- vau uuu i«*. \\* scarce, and leaves numerous, London sends a grateful accession to the little congregation. In -winter only a few, indeed, find their way to the pleasant sanctuary. These be it remembered, are residents. Not many belong to the old English Catholic families, though more than one energetically contend for the distinction. About the chapel, however, we have to speak. As an architectural object its pretensions are unpretending enough. Plain brick walls — basilica like— pierced by round-headed windows, filled with plain glass, with no elaboration of Bash, or moulding, are the outside characteristics of the building. The entrance, upon which the ' tise of decorations is seldom economised, is in ?lahrtva/fce n.nrl f.n a la/rcft extent cold in its at vie of treatment. One stands outside and tamely . conjectures what beauty can be hidden within so unpromising a shell. But open the doors, and look down the simple aisle, in which the .veiled girls are kneeling side by side with the black-robe nuns, in which before the three ex quisite altars burn »s many lights, and the .prejudice suggested by the red brick walls and Puritanical portico is at once dispelled. Here is peace, here is loneliness. The glare of the very lamp-light is subdued, the stations of the cross, painted by one of the ladies of the convent with an amount of skill and pathos which might -secure the praises of an Academy, look indistinct but life-like in the extreme. At one side, and by the same artist hangs a picture of the agony in the garden. How real, and yet how spiritual is that glorious picture, with its sombre dark j ness, its disturbed draperies, and, centered in all the sublimely agonised face of the Man of Sorrows ! The exterior of chapel is not re-assuring. Originally the interior corresponded with curi ous exactness to this description. Last summer 1 Mr. Redmond Doran, of Greek-street, applied himself to the task of breaking up the long monotonous walls and ghastly apse into plateaux of beautiful colour. The side walls are diversi fied by the introduction of sunken arches. These ? he covered with a dusky green, which harmo nises exquisitely with the brighter green of their Burroundings. A few words of description can give but little idea of the effect produced by the ? interwedding of tones, but to realise it thoroughly ? one should look- to the ceiling; Originally this very distict portion of the chapel was a naked waste, traversed at intervals by hands of stucco in relief. Mr. Doran dignified these uninterest ing features with a delicate cream colour, arid filled up the interstices with a pink white. He ' .extended this latter colour to the cornice and mouldings, and the generalised effect of the four Tis a testimony to his consummately-cultivated ^aste. . ? A prominent envision separates tne sanctuary \- from the aisle. Four bold pilasters rise from the floor to the roof, supporting the great beam '' which crosses the chapel. Between each of the pilasters are altars, severally dedicated to the Blessed Virgin and St. Joseph. The statue ;of . A JOutp Lady ie sumptuously robed, and the head| is Adorned with a superb crown of jewels. The entablature over the sanctuary is of white, e'n '. riched witli delicate interlinings of gold. Midway are thrice repeated^ttieHVord ' Santus,' in plain «-- -Roman letters. The entablature rests upon tne four pilasters; which are painted in Egyptian ... green marble, presenting the glitter and density of gra^n) of the. imitated original. The flow^ntj ornaments of the capital are inlaid with whitt' *? and gold ;? the bases rest upon plinths of inter . mixed pale and serpentine marbles, in the pro duction of which the skill and energy of the ?rtist are every whore conscientiously visible. ? The sanctuary itself is divided into five massive divisions, with corresponding divisions in the roof. Pillars of magnificent Sienna tower up to the cornice, crowned with gold and white capitals, and resting upon characteristic bases. Not even the quarry can produce anything more seemingly real than these massive and stately columns, with their gleaming breadths and natural flushes of colour. The chisel appears to have travelled every square inch of their surface, from the plane of the shaft to the delicately contrived foliage of the top. The divisions so formed are filled in with an elabo rate tapestry that extends to a height of seven feet from the floor. The pattern is elaborate, and includes in its uniform reticulations the cross, and the sacred monogram. The whole is bordered by a composite band of blue and white, consisting of a cross banded Italian pattern, running over in gorgeously coloured ground. From these spring the lance headed panels which support the true roof. Anything more lovely than the manner in which these are treated has not been attempted for a long time in England. In their genre relation to the entire apse they bear testimony to the well bred knowledge of a gifted and judicious master. A plain cornice, tenderly gilded, marks the line of distinction between the roofs proper, and the spaces below. We need not inform our readers that an apse is to all intents a section of a dome. Having said so much they will under stand us when, he say that the' front or' exposed section of the vaulting is inlaid with an inter mixture of white and coloured marbles, varied with diamond shaped ornaments in green and nitron. The two inner hands are filled in with gigantic palms, remarkable for freedom and naturalness of outline. They rise and terminate in the central embossment. The carved panels thus formed are charmingly treated. That in the centre represents the Holy Ghost surrounded by a magnificent aureole, and .descending under the symbolical form of the Dove. Orange and amber coloured rays, in which reflections of green and violet are indistinctly visible, pour out from all sides of the glorified Presence, embossed with this superb blaze of colour in a wreath of palm, curiously intertwined to form a frame work for the words 'I. H. S.' The wreath is fastened bv a eolden fibula, the acces sories of which stream over the glowing space with wonderful effect. The panel to the right contains the monogram of St. Joseph, surrounded with a border of blowing lilies ; that to the left the monogram of Our Lady, similarly enclosed. Both types are surrounded by the celestial crowns suspended in an atmosphere of golden light. The ground upon which these designs are produced is a rich lemon tinted hue which gradates by an almost imperceptible blending and progress of tones into a delicate aerial effect. By the way this is a feat which few painters have attempted in our time. The subtle skill which melts one colour into another witheut betraying the points of contact is rare, and rarity. We have no time to enter into a larger analysis of Mr. Doran's able conscientious work. We have placed an outline of it before our readers. All we can add is that whenever they visit the convent of lsleworth, amongst the most fascinating attractions of the place must be the chapel which Mr. Doran has so exquisitely decorated.. — Universal News. 