THE MIRACLE AT METZ. The Miracle at Meiz wrought by the Blessed Sacra \- nwit. June 14, 1865. Translated from the French ..by Lady Geokgiana Fullbrton. Burns, Lambert, and Oates. There is no kind of miracle which, to our Catholic instincts, strikes us as less miraculous that a miracle wrought by the Blessed Sacra merit. The miracles of Our Blessed Lord in the Gospels, as compared with those of His Apostles . ._ ..i...tv' - ? ?- t- _ ? - _Lf: _ k ^JJ_ . _ _£ _i_'l- _ A ? 1.1 ? ana inscipies in wie j±ct*s oi une -apos^ies, seem natural and obvious. Once acknowledge Our Blessed Lord's Divinity, and all distinction between the natural and the supernatural seems to cease in His regard, and miracles flow as the ? direct consequence of His Presence. In the same way, once grant. the doctrine of the Real Presence in the Blessed Sacrament, and the wonder is that miracles are not of daily and hourly occurrence in our Churches. The word 'miracle' is, perhaps, ill selected to express what is here intended, since every offering of Holy Mass is in 'reality' 'a' far greater miracle than anything else in the world. Every Sacra mental act of Holy Church is miraculous, inas much as it is supernatural. The supernatural order is as incidental to the ordinary working and life of the Church as the natural order is incidental to the Government of the world. It is not the ' supernatural' which is infrequent, but 'manifestations of the Supernatural.' Those are only granted occasionally at rare in tervals, for.. the sake,of ..encouragement -or -proofr and generally as a reward for very deep and ardent faith. ' As. the Archbishop of Westminster remarks in his prefatory commendation, of this miracle, it is a ' manifestation of Supernatural power to ' consciousness of the operations of the Holy Ghost, both sacramental and miraculous, which, like His presence, from which they flow, are perpetual in the Church.' The present miracle is introduced to us under the double warranty, so to speak, of the Cure of St. Martin at Metz who narrates it, and the Bishop of Metz who indorses the narrative with his imprimatur, in the following words : — 'Bishop's Palace, Metz. ' 'Having considered the following narrative to be as eclifying as we know it to be strictly conformable to truth, we have approved of its publication. It is scarcely possible to imagine any thing more likely to awaken in the hearts of Christians earnest sentiments of faith, trust, and love for our Lord Jesus Christ in the Blessed Sacrament of the altar, and to increase amongst us devotion to the Institution of the perpetual Adoration, than this simple recital of what took place in the Church of St. Martin during the re ligious services of that holy time. It would seem as if our Blessed Lord had wished to show by a signal favour 'how acceptable is this homage to His Divine Heart, and had chosen for that token the sudden and miraculous cure of a young girl whose faith had led her to fall at His feet, and to cry out with Lively faith and humble confidence, * Lord if Thou wilt, Thou canst make me whole ! ' \+ Paul, Bishop of Metz. ' ' At Metz, 8th Sept. 1865.' _ \ \ The statement of the Cure' carries conviction to every candid reader by the truthful simplicity of its style. Ann Cle'ry who was the daughter of a distinguished member of the magistrature still living, was sent to school at the Convent of the Sacred Heart at Metz at the age of thirteen. Soon after she first went to school her health gradually decayed, and after several serious attacks her malady assumed the form of the disease which her Paris physican described as ' ' muscular and atrophical paralysis. ' ' For more than nine years she lingered on in a state 6i infirmity pronounced by one doctor after another as incurable. In 1859 her physican had declared that she would be a cripple as long as she lived. 'From that time — that is, from the middle of the yjgar 1859 up to the present moment — Mdle. de Clely has not been attended by any physician. Her 'mother alone watched over her health. Her infirmities kept increasing. She could hardly digest any food. Her thinness and weakness were pitiable. Violent headaches three or four a-week added to her prostration of strength. She could not be laid on the bed or the couch without suffering intense pain ; and at such moments a strange effect of these paroxysms was visible in her face. Her eyelids became inflamed and of a purple colour ; this gave to her counten ance an indescribable appearance of suffering. Paralysis was beginning to affect her arms, the only limbs she had hitherto retained the use of. It was feared that she would soon loose the prin cipal means of occupation and amusement within her reach — the exercise of her skill in fancy works. The future prospects of this young lady seemed sad indeed to human prevision ; but the time was at hand which God in His wisdom had fixed upon for the fulfilment of His merciful designs.' j Her resignation to God's will was most com plete. During several years a priest brought her^Hcjly Communion every week and she spent her^tmie in embroidering altar cloths or making artificial flowers for Corpus Christi. ] , She felt a great longing to be carried to the Church of St. Martin for the forty hours' devo-j tion which'was to take place on the 12th, 13th,; and 14th of last June. The state of her health prevented the accomplishment of her wish until the third day. ; ' On the morning of the 14th of June, Ann received Communion in her beet. At twelve; ?o'clock, which was the hour of adoration assign-! ed by the parochial regulations to the inhabi-f tants of the street in which the Hotel Coetlos-: quet is situated, she was carried to the church; — she, a woman of twenty-three years of age — ; like a baby of a few months, by her maid Clementine, who sat down on a bench on the; left side of the nave and held her on her knees. Madame de Cldry and Mdlle. Therese de Coet-; losquet knelt, the one by her side, and the other on the bench behind, in order as much as possible1 to screen her from observation. Madame and, Mdlle. Pauline de Coetlosquet, who had preceded; them, wei'e kneeling in another part of the' church. Neither the invalid herself nor any of | her friends were expecting the extraordinary event about to take place. : ' After a few moments' rest from the fatigue she had gone through, and which was producing as usual a purple flush in her eyelids, Ann fixed her attention on the Blessed Sacrament ; and after some instants' silent adoration, she said the prayer she often used at the moment of Communion, 'Lord if Thou wilt, Thou canst cure me.' At the same instant she felt so violent a pain in her whole body, that it was all she could do not to scream out. She prayed earnestly for strength to bear it ; and then added, ' My God, if it is Your will that 1 should be carried back to my sick-bed, give me grace at least to be always resigned to Your holy will.' I cannot describe what then happened between : God and her soul. She says she felt penetrated ; with faith and hope, and, as she expresses it, became conscious, that she was cured. . She , wanted to kneel. Her maid whispered to her, ' Mademoiselle, you will fall down.' But Ann threw herself on her knees, and said to those ?about her, 'Pray, pray; I am cured !' These ! words filled them with astonishment ; tears and , sobs mingled with their prayers Madame de |Clery, overwhelmed with emotion, in a state of i bewilderment, not knowing what to think or to j believe, led her daughter out of the church. jShe could not credit the evidence of her senses jwhen she saw her standing on her feet, and then I walking only with the help of her arm. They jwent' into' a summer- house in the adjacent garden, and there the poor mother, whose, fears made her incredulous, ascertained that the knots under her daughter's knees had entirely disap peared. Ann entreated to be allowed to return to the church, where she remained for three quarters of an hour kneeling before the Blessed Sacrament, without feeling the least tired, and' pouring forth praises and thanksgivings. ' ' When I was told what had happened, I weir! to the summer- house, but could not attend to any of the persons assembled around Ann. ' I could only look at her in silence and astonish ment, whilst with intense gratitude to God she showed me that she could stretch out her limbs, walk, kneel, and hold up her head without effort She was completely cured. God had done the work ; and His work, accomplished in an instant, was perfect. All the ailments which had afflicted her had disappeared at the same time as the paralysis, and the weakness which follows long illness did not attend her recovery. Numerous proofs evinced it. The hour of Vespers was at hand. Anne said she wished to be present at the service. Following the dictates of natural prudence,— for I was not certain.how far ingrestoring her health God had given back to her her strength also, — I advised that she should rest, or, at least, if she was bent on coming to the church that day, that she should wait in the summer-house till the time of Benediction. She complied with my request, but when the hymn 'Pange lingua,' &c.; re sounded in her ears, — 'Sing, my soul, the mystery of the glorious Body of Christ,'— she could not sit still, and hastened to join the congregation which filled the church. 'The next day, which was the Feast of Corpus j Christi, she heard a Mass in thanksgiving, and went to Communion, kneeling at the altar amongst all the other communicants — a happi ness she had not enjoyed ? for nine years. She was present during the whole of the High Mass, which is celebrated every Thursday in honour of the^Blessed Sacrament, and in the afternoon was again in the church, kneeling before the altar, and pouring forth the expressions of her ardent thankfulness. Three days afterwards— that is, on the Sunday on which the Feast of Corpus Christi is kept in France — Anne spent seven hours in presence of the Blessed Sacrament, hearing Mass, attending Benediction, or visiting our Lord at other times. When she was urged to moderate her devotion and to husband her strength, she replied that, far from feeling the* least fatigue, she experienced an increase of strength and vitality whenever she approached our Blessed Lord.' The report of this young lady's miraculous cure has excited very great attention and ad imration throughout France. We have only furnished extracts from the original to which we earnestly invite the attention of our readers. The low price of one penny at which it is sold was fixed, we believe, mainly with a view of giving extensive circulation to a narrative so well adapted to awaken the devotion of our country men to the most Holy Sacrament of the Altar. 