¡lili ÜÍÚluU . ;A¡ ' ? ' !??'? uti*,,,';.,, .".} Gaskeii's ¡ |njt . 'hovel !1,1 Tho':" vróii litroVod thoúahtfálly/'ii'ave' a "s rririgoVsad ¿ch Wo talkof Mr. Dickens's or Mr. Trollope's In novel;' Gedrgo' BUbt's 'or Mrs/ Oliphañt'B, gladness;' that wehave another product of tho genius to ho amused and . instruc ed by, at withou a doubt that it wi I bo followed in du timo by fresh works from which wo may hof tb draw- aa, much instruction and aniúsemen ¡But Mr«; Gasket's fast riovol is rca'ly her las Tho hand that sketched so beautifully the hit tories1 of Mary Bar on and of Ruth, of Sylvi andtöf Phillis Ilo'rnpn, is' stil for ever nov Th'ejatost' and most finished sketch of all is le without its final touches ; and one of the grea est novelists of our time-one of the grcatet fema'e, nove ists nf . all times-can charm an profit us by nb fresh utterances of the earhesi tender, Christ' an i 'ru h, that Ailed,lier life an found . appropria o expression in the lightest a well'., as in tho gravest movements of he ianoiee.',"''"" 1 ; ;i '' ' , ''.'.' . 'MTs. ,Qásheli'8,náme will over have honoui able place in the list of grea- writers of Englis fiction;' . Having nothing in common wi h th sohool of : novelia s headed lan,/ ago by Mrs Radcliffe; of, which a baso imitation has '. late]; appeared in the clique of writers who. ow al egiance to Miss Braddon, she was somethini moro than a pupil in the latter school , foundei by Miss Austin, and best illus'ratod for tb present generation hy Lady Theresa. Lewis' two pleasant tales, " The Semi-detached House,1 and," Tho Semi-attached, Couple." Like Mis Austin, Mrs. Gaskell was preeminently a dmr acter painter; but the, char&o; ers that sh pain ed were more refined, and the atoric by- -which she. delineated them wen moro pooticnl than any work of Miss Aus in's Individual circumstances in her noveta'are some- times unnatural, and liere nnd there the greal ?events of her no re's do violence 'o probability but.evenin ""Ruth" and " c-ylvia's Lovers,' i^hich seem tous most,open to objection ,on ibu ¿core, there is in ail essentials excellent truth -fulness to the real orderings of life and more ex- cellent harmony wi h the principios ofheavmij '.truth, of which Mrs'. Gaskell was from first tc -last a most eloquent expounder. No novolial was ever more, careful ,to avoid every sort ol .preaching in her novels ; but none ever preaohed moro'persisten |y and worthily.' Np reader 'Cou'd. possibly complain of Mrs. Gaskell foi ^writing " novels with a purpose ; ' ' her single purpose was to paint lifo as it is, and very deli- cately, J and tondtrly to -poim out the sccrel ; springs bf i's.movement; and in doing so, she .laboured skilfully that no one cou d be offended .by her work, while no one could help being in f3fluenced ,'thereby;; ! This is apparent in tho .¡¿nortear,tales that she wrote for,'f.Household .Words": and. ,'f All the YenrBound j" it ts only moro apparent because the work is- more o'abo íra'édin "f Mary Barton" and *. Ruth," in " Cran ,'ford'''.arid *,' North and Sou li,'"in Sylvia's .'Lovers'* and " Cousin Phillis." lt is most of a'l apparent in this last and greatest of her works, Wives and Daughters," id'.There is wonderful ta'ent in " Wives and ;Daughters." > No tale has ever been told more ? simply, with moro avoidance of every ; sort of "extravagant thought; and unnatural incident;, -thero have been very, few with moro exquisite delineation of goodness and more delicate sátiro 'pf everything contemp ible or vicious, Molly [ Gibson will bo known as long as English is a vliving language, for tho charming way in which her whole character is described, and traced from a beautiful childhood to a much more 'beautiful womanhood ;' yet, Molly is only tho . central figuré in a whole vi'lage-full of people, tsketched as no one but the authoress of "Cran- eford''could eketch thora. ; I'.,; Mr. Gibson is a country dodor, living'at.Ho1 ilingford.and a favourite, by reason of hts medi- cal skill arid his blunt kindliness,-with every-; bod/for miles round, from my lord the Enrl of Cumnor and my. lady the countess to the hum-j .blest cottager in the neighbourhood. A widower, ¿ppn.aftér hismarriage, .hp', takes good;care of i'his only chi d, and Molly grows up a charmin* .!gir], free from every sort of affec'ation, quick ^witted,; and gonerous. lt is for her sako that,' b^héuBb.ois Boveriteen, years old j he marries ...again, falling ,intq a, trap laid for him by,Mrs. Kirkpa rick and her friends. Thia Mrs. j Kirkpatrick's portrait is wonderfully drawn, ll3hel'is tho porlection of a vulgar woman. ' Sho hnd hoon a governess, liked for her protty looks « and yielding ways, in Lady Cumnor's family ; .then Bho had married a curate, and been lott a ' widow j with a single daughter Cynthia, about as old as 'Molly, .whom Bhe .liad sont to school, whilo che herself returned to her governess lifo.; . When Mr; Gibson is (old that he ought to find f!a wife who sha! bo Molly's protector, ho' . believes ie his duty o marry Mrs. Kirkpatrick,; pnnd, theroforo,does so. Molly is not gra eful 'for the kindness planned for her. She first| . hears of it whilo on a visit to Mrs. Ham cy, a ¡dear, good, invalid lady, whose husband, Squire . Ham ey of Hamley, has all the goodness and ^ all tho obstinacy proper to a gontloman farmor '.of tho old school,.and whoso son Boger has -just come from Cambridge for his vacation. Molly i Gibson is crying in a far-off corner of tho wood, when Boger Hamley comes up to herby chanco arid sees that BIIO is in trouble. '. He looked down npon her with grave, klod sympathy s bat bo did not know cxtotlv what to say. '-Isltlunah iln'^l" said she, Irving to believe thal he did not seo Aces of her tears and the disturbónos of her fnat.nros- lnat °*u "ol ,Bon 'lor '.*'nK> sobbing hsr Wrt ont tho *8, "I don't know, iwos going home 7«Äay°w loi ; « M» y-. i^í'Mf 'counéj I've no right to nu'1"' the Inquiry, if it Is any -private sorrow, ie which I catT b.a of no uao- , .Sh» ^ 'exhausted herself.o mueh wita »Wh»» tbat »ha f-lt as lf she could neither stand nor ».?<"?.Ju" JL°** T« sat down on the seat, and sighed, Btw* «"0601 so pale, be thought sho washing to faint. " Wa.H» morasnt .» said be, quito unnecessarily, for abo ooult? not have Stirred, «ad he waa off Uko » shot to some k'^K <» < water that he ' know of In tho wood, and in a mini?'» or two ho returned with careful steps, bringing » little Jo a broad green loaf, turned into an impromptu oop, ' tittle as lt was, lt did her good. " Thank jon !*!'she ' said i " 1 can walk back noir, ia a abort ilrne. Don't .atop." "Yuumuit let me," said he ¡ ''.my mother wouldn't like mo to leave you to oome home aloi:e, while Ï" 'ou are so faint,'1 Bo they lemalued In silence «or a ittle while; he, breaking elf and examining one ortco .abnormal leaves of the ash-tree, partly from the ouatom ' of his naliiro, partly to RIVO her time to reoover. " I'apai ls going to be marr.od aiiahi," said she nt length. Hhs ' could not (ay why abo told him thia j nn Instant before aho spoke, sho lind no Inteutton of doing so. He dropped tho leaf bo held la his hand, turn d ?' round, nnd looked nt ber. Her poor wistful evos wero filling with leura ns thoy met bl', with a domb appeal for sympathy. Her loue; uns much more eloquent thai ' hor wont», Thero was a momenta,! y pause belora he re- plied, and thoa li was moro bee mau lia felt that hs must Bay aomcllmig titan that, ho was tu any doubt as tn the . Wive« and Oauuhlora. An Every-day Bfcorj. Bj Mri Uaskoll. London i bmitli, EUer, and Or. íarís'wbr to the queation bo asked/ ''.í You .'aré sorry fi 'it t'' , Bbs did/to t toke her eioi, nwsy from bli, us lie ?quivering Upi formed (be ' wbids ; " Yee,"' though he .voice rasde no eouud, ile wai silent »gain nowt lo'oli 'log on the ground/kicking seftly ot alooao bobbie «rh: lila foot, .., His thoughts did not como readily to tb jiurfaoo in tho shape of nords, nor, wai he apt at'givln¡ ?ooratort till he saw bis way olear to the real lourotffror. i which consolation most borne. .. At last ho spok-,-ol most as'if ho was reaienlng ont tbe matter with hlmsell " It seems as if there might be cases where-setting tb .question of love ontiroly on ono side -itrnnst be almos i a duty, to find some. one 'lo, be a substitute for th mother.,' . ¡.\ . I ono belier."," said he. Ia a difloron ! tone uf voice, and looking at Molly afresh, " that th) step may hs greatly far your father's happiness-lt nur relieve him ; from msny oarei, and may give bim i pleasant companion," " He had me. You don't knot what we wore to eaeb other-at least, what he tras ti me," she added, humbly. " Still he must hare though it for tbs best, or he would'nt have dono it He maj have thought it the bett, for your sake even more thar for bis own.": : " Ibat is.what, be tried to oonvlnoa mi of." Roger bogan kioklng the pebble again. He bad not got hold bf the right end,of tho clue. Sudlanh he looked, up. " I want to tell you of a girl ] knew., Her mother died when, sb o was' about alxteen the eldett of a .large .family. From that time-al. through the bloom, of ber yooth-she gavo herself uji to her fattier, first as bis oomforler, afterwards as hu oorapanion, friend, Beor'etary-anything you Uko. ' He was a "man with a great deal of business on band, and often oame home only to set to afresh to preparation! for. the next day's work, .. Harriet : was always tbere ready to help, to talk, or to be silent ? ? It went on ioi eight or ten years in this way ¡ and then her fathei married again-a woman not many years older than Harriet herself. Well-they are ju«t tho hippiest Bet bf pooplo I know-you wouldn't have thought it'llkely", would you Î" She was listening, but she bad no heart to say anything., Tot she was interested in thlt littlo story of Harriot-a girl who had been sb muoh to' her father, moro than Molly In this early youth of hen could bate been to Mr. Gibson.' " How was itt" she algbod out at last ' "Harriet thought of her father's happiness before she thought of her own." ' Roger answero with something of severo brevity. Molly needed the braolng. ' She begin to cry again a little' "If .it .were fjr para's hnppineai--'' " Ho must believe that it ls. Whatever, you fancy, give him a chance. He cannot have much comfort, I should think, if he eeo» you fretting or pining . you who have been ao muoh to bim, as you say. The lady herself, too if Harriet's stepmother had been a se'fish woman, and been al wa va olutohiug after the gratification of hor own wishes; but the was not; she was as anxious for Harriot to be happy ns Harriot was for.her father-and your father's future wifa may ba another of the slime kind, though snob propio aro rare." "I dou't think abe is, though," murmuro- Molly, a waft of recollection bringing to her mind tho details of her day at tho Towers long ago.' ; Roger did not, want to hear Molly's reasons, for this doubting sp'eeori. Ho felt as'if he hud no right to bear more of Mr. Gibson's family life, past, present,'or to oems, than was absolutely necessary for him. IQ ardor that he might comfort and help I ho crying girl, whom' he had come, upon ,io un- expectedly. And, besides, he wanted' t> go home and be with bis mother, at lunch-time..' , Yet be oould not leave ber alone.,," It is light to hope for tho best about everybody, an J not to expect the worst. This Boonda like s truism, but it bas comforted rae before.now, and aome'day you'll find it useful. Ooo his always to try to think inore of' others than bf oneself, and it is best not to prejudge people on the bad side.' My sermons aren't long, aro' they f '.Have they given you an appotito for lunch ? ' Sermons always make me hungry, I know." Ho appeared to bo walting for ber to get up and come along with him, as indeed he was. Rut he meant ber to perceive that he should not lcavo her ; so abe rose un languidly, too languid to say how muoh she s'loa'd pretor be!ng]left.alone, if be would only'go away without her. She was very weak, and tumbled over the straggling root of a tree that projected across the path.. He, watchfal, tbough silent, saw this stumble,' and, putting out his band, held ber np from falling.' He still held her hand when the oocaaioa was psst ; this little physical failu'o impressed on his heart how joung arid hflpless she waa, and he yearned to her, 1 remem- bering the passion of sorrow in whioh be had found ber,' and longing to be of some little tender bit, of comfort to her, betöre they parted-before' their tete-a-tete walk was merged , in tho general "lamillarity. of the bouiebold life. Yet be did not know what to say. "Ton would have thought me hard," bo burst out at length, as they were nearing tbe .drawing-room windows, and .tbe garden-door. I can never manage to éxpress what I feel-somehow I always fali to pbilosophiilng-but I am sorry for yon. Yes, I am ; it's",beyond my power to hoip yob, as far aa altering facts goes, but I aaa feel , for you. ia a way whiob it's best not to talk about, for it can do no goodl' Réraombor how sorry I am for you j I shall often be thinking of you, though I dareiay it's beat not to talk about it again." i That conversation opens the real plot of the story, if a tale so simple and so entirely free from every kind of sensational cûec', can be said to haye a plot at all.: /Molly resolves to be as good and os patient as Harriot, and to' do nil she can for lier father's sake and for her stepmother's for everybody's bat her own'. "ButBho does 'Hoi find it easy work., The new Mrs. Gibson means to be a kind stepmother, but . she means yoi more tomakio herself comfortable'in the' haven of married life that she hos reached af er long* weary years of schooVkeepirig and governess'! work. Therefore Molly is glad to go for a long1 visit to Hamley Hal), there to nurse herod friend Mrs. Hamley, in a fresh illness that had come upon her, and that soon overpowers her altogether. There, too, she sees much of Roger Ham'ey, and between the two grows up a friendship which in Roger's thought means nothing moro than brotherly kindness, and tq which Molly gives no name at all. Before long Mrs. Hamley dies and Molly goes home ngninj .just in lime to meet Cynthia Kirkpatrick, on her return to England, after some years schooling in France. .1 ' Molly saw the beautiful, tall, swaying figure, against the llgntof the open door, bat could not see any of tho features that were, for ? the moment, in shadow. A suddon gath of shyness had como over hor ju >t nt tho instant, and quènohed ibo embraoe she woald have given a moment before. But Cynthia took her in her arm«j and k Isard heron both cheeks.'' "Here'smamma," she said, looking* beyond Molly on to the stairs where M's. Gibson stood, wrapped np in a shawl and shivering in the ooH. Sbe ran past Molly and Mrs. Gibson, who rather avorted their ryes from this first grootlng betweon mother and child. ' Mrs. Gibson said-Why, how yu are grown, darling t You look qnite a woman." ' And to I an.," said Cynthia. 1 " I was before I went away; I've hardly grown since,- eioept, lt is always to be hoperl, in wisdom." '"Yes I that we will hope," said Mrs. Gibson, in rather a meaning way. Indeed there was evident hidden n lnatoné In their seeming commonplaoe speeehos. When they all came lato the full light and repose of the drawing-room, Molly was absorbed in the contemplation of Cynthia's beauty. Perhaps ber features were not regular; but the changes In her expressive oonntenanoegave ons no timo tothink of tbet. Her smile was perfeot, her posting charming; the play of the face wa« in the mouth, Her eyes were bosntlfolly shaped, but their expression hardly seemed to vary. In oolonring sho was net unlike hsr mother ; only she bad not so muoh of the red-haired tints in ber complexion; and her long-shaped, serious grey eyes wore fringed with dark lashes, instead of her mother's Insipid flaxen ones. Molly fell in love with her, so to speak, on tho Instant. 1 . Oyo lita welcomed the love as something that ¿he had novor bcon blessed with boforo in hor life. Once sha said to her new Bister : "I v.lsh I ooubl lara pooplo as yonda, Molly!" "Don't yoü Î" said the other, in surprise. "No. A good number of pooplo love mo, I believe, br, at least, they think they lio'j but I nevor seem to caro muoh for anyone, 1 do believe I lovo you. little Molly, whom I ba»e only known for lort days, : bettor than antone. | " Not than yonrmnthor T" said Molly, in grave aston« ishment. " Yés, than my mothar I" repllod Cynthia, half-smiling "It's very shocking, dare say ; but it IS so.' 'Now, don't go andaondemn mo, 1 don't think love for one's musher quite comes by nature ; and remembor how muoh I bars been separated from mine I I loved my fa'hor, If you will,'' she Continued with the force of truth in her tone, and then' she stopped ; " but ho died when I was quite a i'fctlo thing, and no one believes that I remember bim. I heard mamma say to a ostler, not a fortnight after his funeral, ' Ob, no Cynthia ls too yosng ; alio has quito forgotten bim ' 1 blt my Hps, to keep from orylog out, ' Papa 1 papa I ¿ave 11* But lt'» of no Ul», 1 Wfll,'' '.lien mamine ba- to go out as a governess;'she couldn't help lt poo thing ! but she didn't muoh cara for parting with ms I was a trouble, I dnro«ay, '' So Í wna sent tu sohool a four years old, Drat one achoo), .and then 'another ; nm In tho holidays, mamma trout to 'stay at Brand houBe«, nnd I waa generally' left with tho eoliooltnlstrcBses Once. I went to the Towers ; and marama lectured mt 'continually, and yet 1 was very naughty, I believe. Ant so I novor went'ognln ; and I was very glad of it, for ii was n horrid plaoe." Clinging gladly and thankful y to tho gentle, yet deep and noble woman iness of Molly's charae'er, Cynthia was at the same time pleased at the homage which Molly'paid to her beauty.' 'Mol'y wóU d w&toh;'her perpetual-^ as'she moved abolit the room, "rvith the free, sta'ely step of tome wild animal of the forest moving almost, ns i' .were, to the continual sound of music." And' Molly'B homage was paid e von after Cynthia had unwittingly forced her to even a ."grotiter'.':-act,:; of . self-sacrifice than had been] compelled by her father's second marriage. . Boger ; Hamloy, .treating Mol y as a sisterj carno to 'Cynthia a3 a lover; N iwhere 'doos Mrsl Gaskell ' Ie l us that Molly .was.nvlové with Böger. Molly never toldher self so. True, madest woman, sho had no place in her heart for any thought at all unraaidenly. In her ju'dgmenv he was tho noblest of men, and nothing more., ; When he devoted htmsof to Cynthia, oho acknowledged , it ; " in her humi ity and.great power of .loving, to bo ho most natural thing in the . world. ' When Cynthia, thinking light y of it, promised to bo his wife, Molly i' was dejected, she knew not why," yet she only prayed that her friend might be wor by of the honest <love that was given to her, and able to give back an hones* love in re- turn. Wheo Cynthia showed herse'f not good enough for that, and accepted another lover, Molly grieved only for «be grief that she know wou d fall heavily on fioger.- When/after long waiting, and hard experience, Roger, found that his old love for Cynthia was but boy's love, and opened his eyes to Molly's infinitely worthier charms, then Moliy wa3 happy, j AH brough tho s óry Molly Gibson movos aa an ange' bf goodness, yet so .'woman y withal, tba we find nothing. unnatural or unreasonable in her character.- In' her wo hive as delicate and beau'iful a por rait of a trite, pure woman hs ever novelist set forth ;. yet on y a mode that might be, and , doubtless of en is, quite real i sod in ordinary life. Jn everything she is " consistent with herself. Cynthia had, as a child, engaged herself to a Mr. Preston, and the base man refuses to release her from her engagement when, as a woman, she desires to be free. .' He holds some letter* written by her long ' before, and, : threatens to] make them publio if she does not yield to his wishes. Mollyan devo ion to her friendpro- mises to get back these lefers, and keeps her promise ;, but only by a clandestino interview, which provides gossip f jr the busybodies bf Hol lingford. Mr. <Ji son hears of it, and questions Molly ns'o tho' truth of the rumours, hearing from her all that can bo told without throwing blamo on Cynthia. Mr. Gibson trusts her, but is troubled at the discredit thrown upon his daughter's name. Says Moly,- ! i "But 1 think you ara a brave nan, papa. And yon believe me, don't you ? Wo shall outlive those rumours, never fear." " You don't know tbe power.of ill- natured tongaes.ohild,'' said he. " Ob, now you'to . oalled me a child again I don't care far anything1. Dear, dear papa, I'm sure it is.beat and wisest to take no notice of these speeches. ' After , all, they may not mean them ill- naturedly.. I am snro Miss Browning would not, By-aod-by they'll quite forget how muon-they made out of so little,-and even If -.they don't, 'jbu would not bave me break my solemn word, would. yon 1 ' " Per- haps not. ' But 1 oannot easily forgive the person who, by practising on your generosity, led you, into this aornpe. You are very jonnpr, and look - upon .thea« things as mere)r temporary evils. I have mora experU once." '.'Still I don't see .what I can do now, , papa. Perhaps I've been foolish i bnt what I did, I.did of nay own self. It was not suggested to me. And I'm sore : lt was not wrong ia morals, whatever it ; m'gbt be ia judgment. ;.( As I said, it's all over now; what I did ended the affair, I sm thankful to sty ; and it wai with that object I did it. If people ohoose to talk about me I muet submit ; and so matt yon, dear . pap».'' " Does your mother-does M rp. Gibeon-know anything about Itt" asked he with Budden anxiety. "No; not a bit; not a word, Pray don't name it to her. That might lead to more mlaobibf than anything elie. I have really told you everything I am at liberty to tell." It waa a great relief to Mr. Gibson to 8nd that this sudden fear that his wife might hare been privy to lt all was ill founded. He had been eelxed by a sadden dread that she, whom he had chosen to marry in order to have a protectress and guide' for bia daughter, had' been cognisant of this Ill-advised adventare with Mr. Preiton ; nay more; that she . might even have instigated it to save her owa child ; for that Cynthia was, somehow or other, at the bottom of lt all be had no doubt what- ever. Bot now, at any rate; Mr?. Gibson had not been playing a treacherous part ; that was all the comfort ho oould extraotout of Molly'B mysterious admission, that muon mischief might result from Mrs. Gibson's knowing ant thing about these meetings' with Mr, Preston. " Then, what is to be done ?" said: be, " Theae reports are abroad-am I to do nothing to contradiot them? Ara I to go about, smiling and content with all th's talk about yoo, pissing from one idle gossip to another?" " I'm afraid so; I'm very serry, for I never meant yen to have known anything about1 it; and I see now bow lt must distress you. Bot sorely when notting .'more happens, and nothing eames of what bas happened, tbe wonder and the gossip moat die-away. I know yoo believe every word I nave aaid- and that jon trust mo; papa? Please for my sake be patient with all thia goisip and cackle.'' It «rill try me bard, Molly," aaid he. " For my aake, papa I" " I don't see what oise I can do," replied be moodily, " unless I get bold of Preston." " That would be the worst of all. That i would make a talk. ' And, after all, perhaps he wai not so much to blame. ' Yes! he was. Bot he behaved wall to me as far aa that goes," said she, suddenly recollecting his apeeoh when Mr. Sheepihanks earns np in the Towera' Park-"Don't stir, yoa have done nothing to be ashamed of." "That's true. < A quarrel between men which drags a woman's name into r.otioe is to be avoided at any cost, But sooner or, later I inuit have lt out with Preston. He shall lcd lt not BO pleasant to have placed my daughter in equivocal oirournataneee.'' " He dldn t plaoe me. Hs didn't know I waa coming, didn't expert to meet me elinor time ; I and would -far rather not have' taken the letter I gave him, if, ho oonld have helped himself." It's all a ! mystery. ? I hate to bavo you mixed np In mysteries. *' I hate to be mixed np. Bat what oan I dot I know j of another mystery whleh ' I'm pledged not to speak about. I oannot help myself." " Well, all I oan say is, never be the héroïne of »mystery .that yoo oan avoid, if you oan't help being an acoesaory. Then I snppoae, I mbat yield < to' jour wishes and let this soandal wear Itself out without any notloo from me ?" ' What else' oan yon do under tue ? olroumatances ?" Av ; what oise, Indeed 9 How shall yoe bear it 1" Jfor ati instant the qolok hot tears sprang into heroyea ;. to bavB everybody-all her world, thinking evil of ber, did seem hard to tho (tiri who had -, never thought or said an unkind thing of thom. But she smiled as ehe made answer-" It's like tooth-drawing, lt will bo over Borne time. ~ It wobld ' be mnoh worse If I really had been doing wron(?." ?" Cynthia ahatl beware-'' he began; bnt Molly put her band beforo his mouth.. ¡ " Papa, Cynthia mest not bei aocuied, or suspected; ' yon will drive hor out of your houso If you do, she le so Îroud, and so nnproteotad, except by you. And Roger, or Koger's sake, you will never do or say anything to Bend Cynthia > away,' when he baa trusted us all to tako care of her and love her tir his absenee. Ob I I think If she were redly wicked, and I did riot levo her at all, I should feel bound to watoh over her.'he lovos ber so dourly. ' And she isroally good at heart,and I do lov'o berdearlv. Yuu mutt not vex or burt Cynthia, papt, -remember she is dipendent upon yon I" " I think the world would get oa tolerably well If thara wore no women in lt» They plague tha life out of one. Ynu'vo made mo forget, amongst you-poor old Job Hoaghtoa that I onght'tobare gone I osée sn hour ¿gol" Molly put up ber momh'to hg lilied. '"'You're not angry ttijXha»'Mwi^^'àk9jimV,,':' VI'.'"'' , \- . Molly. ])B8!auo<!bér ,piócó. of :bárd work to do OrsbornoHamley, Roger's elder' brothor, has been recently^married to a French'girl. 1 : Tho malch is known bolyj to Roger and Mo ly;. Roger is far away from home when Osborne dios sud- denly andit ? become i Molly's duty' to tel the secret to: Squire 1 Ham'ey, and induce him to show kindness io'the little widow and her baby. How shie does it, must be read in Mrs. GaakeTs pages No chapter of any novel is more pathetic than this one in which this episode ÍB set forth. We have riot done justice to Mrs. Gaskell's treatment of Molly's step-mother, once Mrs. Kirkpa rick, now Mrs. Gibson. Of that there is good illustration in this page, the last that Sirs. Gaske l ever wroe. Haying helped Cynthia "to jilt lieger Hamley and marry a Walter'Henderson, Mrs; Gioeon,. robbed of hot daughters society, complains of ennui. '; ''jHere's medloin'e for yon,., raammá'j'; "said Molly : entering with a letter held up in her hand, " A letter from Ojnthia." .' " ?* Ob, you dear little^'messenger of good news. There was one bf the '.heathen deities iii Hangnail's Qa'eitions whose office it iris to bring now«. Tho letter is'dated from'.Calais. . .They're comlog home! She's brought my shawl and bonnet Î . Tho dear creature ? Always thinking bf, others 'before; herself: gobi fortune oinnot 'àpoil her. They've a fortnight hft of their holiday t Their house not quitei ready; they're coming here. , Oh, now, Mrs. Gisson,; we must have the new'dlnner-servlcbat Watts. ' I've; sat my heart on ss lon« I ' Home' Cynthia calls the j house. I'm sure i', has boon a home to ber, poor darling I doubt if there is another man In' the world who would; have treated his. stepdaughter like dear papa!' And' Molly ; you must' havo a new gown." " Come, come! romomber I 'belong to the last generation,'" said Mrs.1 Gibson.' " And ' Cynthia won't inlnd'whatI woar,"| said. Molly bright with pleasure it the thought of! seeing her again.' '" No I but'Walter.'will. . He has' snob a quick eye for dross and I think I rival .pap* ;. if be ia a good stepfather, I'm a good.stepmother, and 1 could not bear to'see my Molly shabby, and not looking ber best. I mast have a new gowh'too. ' It won't do to look as if we bad nothing bat the dresses whioh wo wore at the wedding 1" Bat Molly stood oat against the new gown for ncr«elf,;and urged ' that .if Cynthia and Walter we're' tb come to visit them often, they had better see them its they really were, in dress, babita, and appointments.' When Mr. Gibson had left the room, Mrs'. Gibson softly reproached Molly for her obstihaoy.' " " You "might baye allowed'' mo to beg fora new gown for you, Molly, wheo yob. knew how muoh I admired that figured silk at Brown's the other day. And now, of coarse,: I can't bo so sel Bah as to get it for myself, and you to have ncthing. . You Bheuld learn to understand the wishes of other people. ' Still on tba wholej you aro a dear, sweet girl,, and I only wish well, Í know what I wish ; only diàr papa does not Hie lt to be talked about. And now cover me; np close, and let me go to sleep, and 'dream about say dear Cynthia and my new shawl !" ' »l With those. words Mrs. Gash ell paused in the writing of ¡her story. Buti one chapter was needed tb complete it ; yet that was never written. ' Therein, however, is a sort of fitness. This tale of " Wives and Daughters'' stands conspicuous as ii noble memorial of rare genius and of tho rarer power of heartland soul that guided all the genius to persistent and consistent utterance bf Christian truths,,' But i t is á bioken tale withal ; whole enough for us to take in the entirety of its meaning, . yet broken at tho summit, like those columns that wo tee in tho graveyards, reminding tn that nothing in this lifo can bo completed; that here, at best, our course must be fragmentary, our hopes be shattered in their realisation. One of the worthiest lives that has been lived in these times of ours-so simple and honest in i'self-so full of kindness and self sacrifice, of meekness, and of wisdom in all its home iest and most private relations, so excel- lent in all its pub ic ' influences-has been sud- denly arrested in its course. Wo hopod for muon further and still worthier continuance of its influencies ; and we grieve at the shattering of our hopes. But'that,grief; if it is'wiso and reasonable, must incline us to look backwards as well as forwards, ¡ to re-learn the lessons of Christian love and truth that such a life as this has so abundantly enforced, and tobe thereby en- couraged to wait pa iently and earnest y for that further and b earer! teaching that must como to us when wo no longor " see through a glass darkly," when every good work will take effect, and every honest striving will meet with its re- ward.-Manchester Examinor and Times. ROUANCBS or ATLANTIC TBbcaRÁpnr.-Mr. Cyrus W. F/old tells a good «tory respecting the ' " sugges- tions ' with which the promoters of tho Atlnntlo tele- graph sóbeme have been overwhelmed. Oae gentleman For weeks pestered Mr. Field at1 his hotel with a pro* position to the eQeotthat the only praotioable way of recovering tho end of the lost oab'e. was by plaoiug a tabs from the surface to tbe bottom of tbe ocean and sending a man down to pick it up. Mr. Field was so bored with this Qulxotlo party,'*' that, finding all ordinary means of disaonragement unavailing, hs at length assured the gentleman himself that he bad seriously considered the proposal, and that he should rocommand it for adoption by tbe directors on one con- dition, that the gentleman himself would go donn the tube. The enthusiast, it ls almost needless to say, never called again. Captain Anderson told another story of a lady who had sent a formil proposition to reeover the lost cable by a gigantic magnet I ' A SELF ACOOSBD Mu nos RES.-On tho 20th March a rongh-Iooking man, who gave the name of Charles Riler, was taken before the stipendiary magistrate for the Staffordshire Potteries, and remanded on a charge of haring committed a murder in Ireland, The pri- soner has for a few days been working as a labourer at the Norton Ironworks, near Muralem, and on Monday evening he was tak'h into custody for riotous oooduot at Smalltborne, a neighbouring village. On his way to the station he told the oflioer who had him in charge that it wai, perhaps, as well for him that he was to be looked up, otherwise ho should have done something serious. Afterwards he said he had already committed one serious offence, haring murdered Mr. Biteain, a gentleman of Blayney Castle, Ireland. Superintendent i Stewart intimated to the bench that private Informs tlon had been rooeired that the prisoner was " wanted" In Ireland upon a very serious oharge. Tbe prisoaor was supposed to be the ion of a farmer in the oounty of Tipperary, Be,was remanded for a week.-European Times. ! AMERICAN FiNiAursu itt A Nsw PnAas.-Feniart Iim, that onoe raised ita hoad so high amens the pabilo questions of the d»y, ' is now like the man in the Bible whs needed tbe sec vices of tho good Samaritan-it has fallen into the bands bf the broken-down politicians, At tbs late Fon lan meeting In the Cooper Institute. Fernando Wood and two or three more attenuated political haoks, representing both parties, appeared on ths platform. . and annonnotd themselves champions of "tbe cause.'* It ls tho last feather that breaks the oamel's bitak. The de-' cline of the organisation, which commenced in a per- sonal feud'and general *i balllrag," arising out of tbs ambition aud the avarice of a would-be-leader, may bo expected' to ¡hurry downwards with a rush slnoe the adhesion of the broken down politicians. . John Bull' can now take, bis afier-dlnner nap in pease, without being disturbed In hUf dreams by the nlithtrdare of Fenlanlsm, Fernando Wood and the politicians have laid the ghost.-Maw York Hera'd, February 17.' TDB LAW AS TO GAUBMKQ IS Ptiouc-Housss. The landlord of a publlo-houio latelr appeared beforo Mr. Tyrwbitt to answer a summons for porml .ting g ira hiing In bis house. Tho détendant, In answer to tho charge, said that the persons baring a gama of orlbbage when the police entered tho house wore all respeotablo working men. They were not playing for anything, and he submitted that they were not gambling. Air. Tyrwbitt observed that ll did not manor whether the men were , playing for beer.or an.« thing else-lt waa Îjambing, if a man kept a publlo-houio he mast uot ot his friends play ab cards In his house. Tho defen- dant would hare to pay 4Qi, sud costs.-Licensed Victuallers' Guardian, "'TnB'CtKnofíí** AS»< ins'Crm,D.-On tb» l'tb March o'girfbarned Billard,-nino years'.of . »ge, wai charged by tbs Rov, ll; Groy, ob airman of tba Hed- ditch petty .'session», with stealing a'penny from another llttlo girl named Gough, Tho children bad be'on' Been playing with halfpence in obnroh, end Gough after wardaÍ mlaaod » penny. A aeardh being made;.'Billard found fl lie had a penny mora in her pocket than abe claimed to have, and handed it over at once to Gongb, When tbe reverend chairman of potty gestions heard ef thia, he dlreotrd Ballard to be arrested; aud to be re- manded from the 12th to the 16th, when' abe was brought np in oh argo of the county police. No evidenoe appearing against ber. tbs reverend proaecu'or aaid that he was merely actuated by a strong Bensoofduty : that Ballard was eleven years old instead of nine ; and that he had proseocted her for stealing tho penny beeanse she had formerly been snipeotod of stealing something else, and beoause her family " were not behaving as they ought to do." He then proposed to ' let the pro- secution drop, but Bsllard's friends would not consent to that, so the ohild was again remanded, in order that Mr, Gray may establish this theft of a penny against her if he can,-European Times, STATE or KDO-OATÎON IW MB AHMT.-Boteros in clading 182,932 soldiers' in the British army in the financial year 1864-5 show' 6-80 percent, with a anpo-i rior eduoation, .' and a farther 63*67 per cent; 'able to road and write. Of the remaining 29-52 por oent. 16-55 could read but not write, and 12-97 could neither read nor write. Comparing these numbers with those of the previous yoar we And the uneducated fower 29-52 per cont., as compared with 30-74. : Among the eiuoited mfn there was a marked Inoresie Initie nrtmï ber who had had a «ti nor lor education'-0'8f) 'per cent oom pa rod with B'lB, bab a Billilli falling off In the main! body, who,' without superior éducation; were able to read and. write, their numbers constituting ca 67 per coot; ot the whole/áaoompared with É105 In tho previous year. Thia ls supposed to be owlog to a. considerable enlltU ment of new mon In tho year ^ 1804-65, many who enlisted in 185* haring taken their diaobarge. . In tba Infsatry of the line the propon ion of Bnodncatoi raen, mea not found able both to read-and write, was 45 61 per cont, in 1800. and only 3571 in 186ft VOMTHTBKR INBIONU TUB . DlSTINOUMlJtB FmiiroJ -An order has been issued from the War Office to the commanding officers af volunteers corps, making tba following . regulations with regard to olass Iring i-. "When tho range extendí to ? SOO yards only, the roluntoer who obtains tba greatest number of points orer 30 in the 3rd olass rasy, wear a rifle embroidered horiiontallv on the enif ' of the left arm. Whoa tba range available extends to COD yards, the Volunteer who obtains the greatest Bomber of points over SO fa the 2nd ola« may wear a rifle embroidered horizontally with a star immediately above it. When the rang« extends to 800 yards, every Volunteer who obtalai 2d points and upwards in the' 1st dais may wear arid« embroidered" horizontally, with two stars immediately above it. 'When the range available eiteoda to 800 yards, the'volunteer who having obtained 20 poln'sor upwards in the lat olass, scores the greatest number of points in the 1st and 2nd clasies, taken together, my [ wear a rifle embraidored horizontally, with three stars Immediately above lt." 