ORATION BY TIJEREV. WM. REES. . On bThrsday otenmg the Reo. Win. Rees, of Sydny delifered an oration in the Town . hall,. aPtitnu, upon " Waller, Hopkin, and Burns'" -forthe benefit of a new Welsh Churc (n'i-Melbourne. In thp absence of Sthe mayor (J. Snowball, Esq., M.L.A.,) who , was to have presided, the Rev. D. Rees was elected chairman, oni the motion of the Rev. 4, Mackie. The chairman remarked that it Sappeared to him that his countryman (the SRev. W. Rees) must have made some mis take in the means he had taken to give pub licity to thie entertainment, as the attendance was so emall. He had been absent from ome, and did not know that tlie oration wvas to be delivered till that morning, when he * c ahd read a notice of it in the newspaper. The Rev. W. REBs said that there was a great similarity in the character and intel lectual acquirements of Waller, Hopkin, and Burns, and, they all three composed songs, chiefly upon Woman. Waller was born rich, and his mother was a sister of the- celebrated John Hampden. He composed his first poem when 18 years of age. He afterwards went to London,pod fell in love with Lady Dorothea Sydney, whom he eulogised under the name of Saccharossa. Ha was witty ande .accom plished, but selfish. He joined a plotagainst the City Militia, for wyhich he was sentenced to one year's imprisonment and flued £10,000. He then- ent over to France, and returned under the Protectorate;" He composed verses laudatory |to those in power, whoever they might be; end praised both Cromwell and Charles 1i, lie purchased a small property -ear wherp he was born, with the intention of ending his days there, and died in the 82nd year of his age, but not in the place he had chdsen. There was nothing pure in his pub lic career, and when in Parliament no confi dence was placed in his integrity. He was a pliant courtier, always on the popuilar side. His verses were devoted chiefly to woman, but this vas the fashion of the time in which he lived.;i and it had been remarked that he was the refiner of poetical diction.-William Hopkin aras not so well known in England as Waller aid Burns, as only two of his songs have been translated into the English lan guage, His early history lies in obscurity. He was Horn in 1700, and when iu the 21st year of his age was living in Glamorganshire, 'Bouth Wales, in comparatively poor circum stances. I?A his 22nd year he was working Sas an itinerant plasterer, when the maid of •Cevnudva fell in love with him while he was playing with the servants at her father's h'ouse, where he had been dining. The c ourtship was carried on in secrecy, but her Sparents were informed of it. Afterwards 'they met at midnight, but her parents again became i'cquainted with the fact, and this " was put a stop to. .They then corresponded, Sbut this was also found out, and the maid was cdn$lned to an upper room in the house. She afterwards wrote to him in blood, with a needle, on a piece of linen. 'lhelecturer then related several incidents co?nected with ,the courtship ie said that after all she was compeller to marry another person. Her reason then left her, and she oon:inued to call or Hopirin, who was admitted to her pre sence on pondition that he reipained with her only three houts, after which he was to leave the.place, for ever, but she died before the three hours had elapsed. 'Mr. Rees observed that one of Hopkin's songs had been sung at the Hanoveresquare Rooms int London, where it'met with mpuch success. Tihe lecturer then gave a' history of the life of1 Robert Burns, who wasborn in '1759, in Ayrshire, Scotland: His father was a gardener by trade, but du ring the poet's lifetime wus st small former. Burns traced his love of poetry to the stories of ghosts, goblins, &c.;, told by an old woman who resided with his fomily. 1 Before the age of 16 be had read the principal poets and a* thors of England and hio own country. ie workd hard during the day us a plough nman and1 farm labourer, but all his leisure hours were spent'in intellectual cultivation. In his twenty-fourth year lse' fell into had " company, and afterwards became attached to Jean Armour, a woman of; good character, whom tre subsequently married, although at that titrle he was rejected by her. This caused him deep. mortification?. He obtained an appointment as assistant overseer in Jamaica, and published his iworks to pay his passage to that island, but heouily cleared £20. Before he left home he received a letter puggestipg that a new edition of" his works should by brought out. This time he met with srepess, 1,00 copies being sold at once. He was admitted into the yociety of learned . men, travelled, and was received by the highest in the land, wlts thought it an honour to have iis conipany for a few hours. The profit derived from the second edition of hib works imounted to nearly £500, X200 of which hp seat to his family, and a portion was 4evoted to the erection 9f a tombstone in memory of the poet Johu "Ferguson. He then took a farm and a situation in the excise. He died @t Dumfries in l79"'ih his 88th 'year. . I' The lev. G. MAceisa said they muist all, heartily ppprove of the object of the Rev. W. Rees, to. raise money by a course of lectures for a church in which the word of God is to be proclaimed in the Welsh language. He moved votes of thanks to Mir. Ure (who had in the course of the evening sung several ballads fpr the entertainment of the company), and to the chairman, the Rev, D. Rees. 'Mr. JAntes EVANs seconded the motion, which was carried unanimausly. The Qhairman having replied in a suitable manner,, the company separated, 