THE Jiujute & ($omnwrrial Jjta Qtndf-enunatguedecens.cuTo et rt-go, etomnisin hoe sum. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1866. So soon as it was proclaimed among us that the conditional-pardon system was pnt an end to, and that in future the convicts would be compelled to perform their fell sentence in this colony, it became evident to a large number of the settlers that Transportation to Western Australia must speedily cease. This was the inevitable consequence, for although ticket-of-leave holders are much more manageable than conditional-pardon men, the latter possessed the privilege of leaving the colony, and thus made way for others who are continually streaming forth from the Convict Establishment in search of em ployment. The stoppage of emigration from the colony has dammed up the current of Labour, and threatens to swamp the country. This is the real ground of complaint that we have against the Home Govern ment. 'It is^a just and reasonable ground — not to be 'Vaved aside, pooh- poohed, or lost sight of. Every day will show more strongly that those who, two or three years ago, petitioned for the cessation of transportation because the colonists could not find work in proportion to the supply of labour, acted not without due thought. It is true men may be returned to depot and be employed upon the roads, but then tickets of leave become a mere mockery, and had better not have been promised. 'Ihe ticket-of-leave system was instituted for the amelioration of the convict, and not alone for the benefit of the settler. It is not ' compensation' (as the Chamber of Commerce erroneously fancied) that we are entitled to claim from the Home Government^ but aid. The Home Government — through complai sance towards our loud- voiced neighbours ? have placed us in a position of great difficulty and danger, and now that we call out in alarm, we may rightly expect to be listened to, and not left in fhe lurch, with a burthen thrust upon us much too heavy for our strength. Every day makes U6 more sensible of the necessity for a greater amount of protection. The police force requires to be augmented, but where can we look for recruits? . Our free workmen have been driven away by the pressure of convict labour. Emigrants from the most poverty-stricken parts of Ireland — people without knowledge of the commonest arts and usages of life, of the lowest class, and the least enlightened minds — are sent us periodically by the Home Government, in order to keep the promise originally made to the letter — but to the letter only. From this body and from the disbanded pensioners our .police force has to be recruited. Although, then, there is a constant supply of labour in the shape of ticket-holders, it is generally felt to be of a very unsatisfactory kind. For domestic service, it is very naturally and generally disliked, and this class of labourers, as a body, make very indifferent shepherds and teamsters. Dependence can seldom be placed upon them, and confidence is too commonly abused. Abundant, therefore, as this description of labonr undoubtedly is, it is generally felt to be dear even at the lowest rate of wages. The colony requires the continued intro duction of free citizens as some counterpoise to the other class. We must ask to have free emigration continued at the present rate, but we must also ask to have male and female emigrants from the agricultural districts of England and Scotland, and not from Ireland only. This should be continued for some years, otherwise we shall soon be left with a population of the worst -description, and become, for all our comforts and needs, dependent solely upon those whom we are compelled by daily experience to distrust. For this reason, as well as for the Police and Warder services, we require a conti nued supply of respectable free immigrants, and we trust the Governor will see this matter in the same light, and make it one of the stipulations in his arrangements for the close of the present system. As prisoners of the worst description will for some years to come be let loose upon the country — or if not altogether loose, with a chain long enough to allow of their doing infinite mischief — our police force will not only have to be kept up, but to be increased. The Mother Country is said to propose relieving herself of the burthen of contri Duting towards the maintenance of this force. There is, we believe, about £12,000 at present contributed annually from Home towards the support of our police establish ment. Will not the colony make an effort for the continuance, and even increase, of this contribution ? Now is the time to -come forward, or we shall find ourselves left with an insufficient subsidy to provide for the safe custody of Imperial prisoners. Nothing could be more unjust; but if we submit to it in silence, we shall deserve the infliction. It behoves us, with energy and promptitude, to look about us, and see that we are not cast off and abandoned by England, with a large number of desperate men left upon our hands, nominally guarded by a small body of warders, an insufficient police, and no military force whatever, except a bpdy of worthy veterans, who, being no longer serviceable in the army, are allowed to retire upon well-earned hononrs and pensions, with a well-stored ra.ntefiTi artt\ a tender discipline suited to their altered circumstances. In this state of things, and in the absence of a free population among the lower orders of society, and therefore without a strong basis to rally upon, we require a very considerable amount of additional protection. If we have it not, our Rulers both here and at home may some day have to reproach themselves grievously. We ought to have half a regiment of infantry quartered among us, supported entirely by the Home Govern ment. With the. cessation = of convict ships the influx of pensioners ceases ; and of these men we all know how many are continually leaving the colony. We know, too, that thus body has comparatively little moral weight. Upon the pensioner force, then, nowever able and active in itself, and however efficiently commanded by the Commandant of Her Majesty's Forces in the colony, and officered by a Brevet Major and a solitary Captain — without any subalterns — we cannot rely for sufficient protection in time of need. This is the universal feeling throughout .the colony. Had we such a force as the Irish Con stabulary or the Cape Mounted Rifles, we would ask for none better, but as it is; the country districts are almost entirely without protection. It appears, therefore, upon a review of the whole question, that at the close of Transportation we *are justified in re quiring from the Home Government: — 1\. — That it shall continue for some years . to maintain an efficient Police Forra in the colony. 2\. — That it shall send us free emigrants of a respectable and useful class (not merely the lowest grade from Ireland) at the rate of three ships a year. 3\. — That it shall maintain in the colony a sufficient Military Force — at least four or five hundred strong ; (they can be spared from New Zealand). 4\. — That it shall continue to provide for its own convicts and the necessary Establishment (reducing its strength by slow degrees) so long as Imperial convicts remain here. It is not easy to see how the transfer of the whole Convict Establishment to the Lo cal Government could be carried out satis factorily to either party. For they could never agree upon any lump sum to be paid to the colony in full of ail demands, and it would be scarcely possible to calculate now what should be the annual subsidy, upon a sliding scale, to be contributed for the^ next ten or more years by the Mother Country. The colony would no doubt be ready to undertake the management of the convicts and the distribution of a sufficient amount of Imperial funds, but the Home Govern ment would probably prefer retaining the management of its own contribution. The Governor, indeed, whose remarks upon this subject in his published despatch of the 17th February, 1865, are extremely just and liberal, may possibly be able to point out a course that will be acceptable to both parties — but we cannot venture to think it probable. We cannot expect that he who is not a colonist will altogether adopt our views. But we feel sure that where he differs from us he will point out I the unreasonableness of our requests, and let us know his own sentiments as to what we ought to get, and what we are likely to succeed in getting. We are well aware that we shall not get much if opposed at Home by the Governor, and therefore let us hope to enlist him as far as possible on our side. Should His Excellency be able to devise a plan by which the colony will be secured a really sufficient provision for the future maintenance of the convicts '? left upon our hands, together with the requisite military and police forces, medical officers, magistrates, chaplains, &c.;, we shall be ready to welcome his project with enthusiasm and give it every possible support. What we are now doing is simply an attempt to warm up the colonists to something like an intelli gent consciousness of their own position. ? ^ ? Quabrels in newspapers are unseemly when they affect what alone can concern I themselves ; but when they have been j provoked by a career of misguided and i contumacious conduct, having its seeds in malice, and relating to questions largely concerning our public weal, they may become profitable in supplying information, in probing effects to causes, and in setting its proper value on that which seeks to influence the public mind. That they frequently give rise to bitter heart-burning in those chiefly concerned, and in their partizans, is about as well known as that they also subject them at times, to the unpleasant ordeal of supplying a certain amount of merriment to those whose sympathy they seek ; but out of this very heat of temper, and put of this unpleasant ness, often proceed the revelation of facts that craftiness or chicanery had hidden, and which, being known, may make abortive . a long course after a malevolent object, inordinately desired and shamelessly gloated over. . We bear no animosity towards the editor of the Perth Gazette; nothing more than that contempt which the line of action he has thought fit to pursue, and give publicity to in his columns, has won for himself. When he reminds us that we took occasion in our last Summary for England to refer to bis bad taste in indulfiriner in a constant nprsnnal nhnsp r»f His Excellency the Governor, he does not in the least raise himself in our estimation ; vindicate his remarkable aversion to the Government one jot, nor afford us a chance to retract one word, we have laid at his door. We did not expect that our contem porary would confess he was in the wrong. It is a very common weakness in humanity to endeavour to palliate a multitude of offences' by pleading necessity; and even by. boldly denying them to be offences at all ; but rather to be virtues. We did not, however, expect that he would have the effrontery to challenge us to the proof of the assertions we made; to reproduce the unqualified abuse which has for a length of time stained the columns of his journal, and parade it before his eyes like ' ghosts of the murdered Banco' to his own confusion. He has never brought any charge against His Excellency the truth of which can be disproved — and he defies .us to do it ! We thank our contemporary for his generous consideration, in defying us : to do a thing, and, without giving us any trouble at all, furnishing us with the means to do it at the same time. For strange as it is, and however ludicrous, to find a .man furnishing an argument to upset his own assertions, the editor of the Perth Gazette does it to perfection. He tells us that ' the Governor himself, or his son,' has revealed certain proceedings in the Executive Council Chamber, and that no other person 'could so far forget his obligations' or ' forfeit his honor -as a gentleman.' These are strong terms to apply to Her Majesty's Representative; their assertion must surely be based on good grounds. Not a bit of it. Unfor tunately for the Perth Gazette, they come to us with its characteristic veracity, and are utterly destitute of truth. Those remarks of ours which brought forth this -miserable assertion were certainly not complimentary ones; they were doubly disagreeable because they bore with them the force of truth. We expected nothing very complimentary in return ; but why it should be attempted, to impeach His Excel .leney with their origin, and infamously brand him with the effects of their public disclosure, we are quite at a loss to understand. The editor of the Perth Gazette knew that the fact we asserted and its application in the policy of that journal were well known to the public long ago ; our readers, moreover, will be somewhat startled to learn that -while he was writing this impudent accusation against the Gover nor, he had in his possession a paper showing that the particular assistance he solicited irom tne vxovernment was rererred for the consideration and decision of the Executive Council on a particular day, and that during that day, the Colonial Secretary placed a memorandum on the paper in question to the effect that the request was not entertained. That little document, before reaching the hands of the editor of the Perth Gazette, as it showed, passed through the offices of the Colonial Secretary and Crown Solicitor, and thence, possibly, to the public ear. Yet, in the teeth of these facts, and with that very document probably in his pocket, the editor of the Perth Gazette would make us believe that the vexatious information ' could only have conie from the Governor or his son.' It is with such reckless, untruthful, and prejudicial assertions as these, we find fault in our contemporary, while we heartily coincide with him in a noble sentiment in which he follows up the very ignoble one, that 'the day should 'ever arrive when the columns of the 'Inquire) are open to the insertion of ' comments upon the private affairs of any 'person in the community.' We must remind him, however, that we find cause to mourn this disgrace in the columns of the Gazette, and that as yet, we have made no comment npon anyone's private affairs — officials or son-officials. If he, as a public journalist, permits private jnis stratagems to become well known, and in thoughtless moments, avowed motives for abusing public officers, and believes that they then can, or even should be held sacred in public comment, he betrays an ignorance which we — bitter enemy as fee thinks we are — would readily have spared him. But our contemporary is not satisfied with pouring out his wrath on those re flections of ours which have occasioned him such umbrage. In our issue of last week, we said something abont the cessation of transportation to the colony, as we do to day. That article, says our penetrating friend, ' was evidently written by command, certainly with His Excellency's sanction.' How silly, and how untrnthful! It could not be written by command; it was not written by request, it was not with His Excellency's sanction, and it was not even with the Governor's knowledge. .' We have no hesitation in saying that the editor of the Perth Gazette cannot disprove that. Again, we are asked to believe that, the Governor has been 'snubbed' by the Secretary of State upon this question of cessation of transportation. Whether Lord Carnarvon or Mr. Card well is the ' snob' or the 'snubber,' we leave our colonists and those who heard the despatches read in the Legislative Council, to determine, in the belief that our contemporary is as careful in the candour and polish of his language as in its correct application. But let us look a little further, and see what this ' snubbing' was really over^-Fqr the Governor trying to obtain liberal terms for the colony and acting as its advocate, not as a mere automaton to carry out the views of Her Majesty's colonial office ? Is it, then, generous to write, under the name of privilege, in such a strain ? Is it expedient to endeavour to damp the good inclinations of one who might, giving this contemptible detractor the fall benefit of his argument, be but a weak friend to the colony ; or, from his position, a powerful enemy, in fighting our battle for future aid ? Surely the Perth Gazette must be an alien, if not an impostor, in the cause of the colony ; and in a sense, it is a pity that the Representatives of Her Majesty were not as active as the majesty of the law in vindicating its constitu tion, and giving to the outragers of its propriety their deserts. We think we may well be pardoned the use of very forcible langnage, when it is provoked by the ardour of a conviction tnat tne tone or our contemporary is not only disposed to injure us, in efforts required particularly at the present time to be dispassionate and reasonable ones, but calculated to damage us elsewhere. What, we ask, is the probable tendency in the Sister Colonies, or in the Mother Country, of knowing from a journal of this colony that we are under the restraint of a ' tyrannical autocracy,' the only aim of which is to satisfy private gain? Is it believed elsewhere that the gratification of malice alone, would cause our colony to be published as overrun with escaped convicts of the most dangerous character ; that for years past our settlers have tot seen such troublesome and dangerous times ; - and that convicts, who live by plundering them, awake them, from their beds with a knife at their throats ! Does our contem porary represent the ' nineteen-twentiethV' of our population in sainTio- flint. ? Tinoa he profess to speak the minds of any of a large number of our colonists who memo rialized for enfranchisement when ho announces in his last Summary for England that any agreement on the Transportation question must be made by Her Majesty's Secretary of State with the people, and not with Her Majesty's Representative? Truly our contemporary's representations must appear to come more from the Head Centre of Fenianism, than from a peaceful and loyal dependency of the Queen. ' ? - ? : : As for ourselves, we seek nothing more than to acquaint the editor of the Perth Gazette that the kindness, evinced in his uncomplimentary reference to us on -Friday last^ is appreciated exactly in proportion to the injury he has done our feelings. It is true that we handled him rather unpityingly, and in such language as had rarely, if ever, appeared, or been called for in the columns of this journal ; we denounced his defamatory misrepresenta tions in no : measured terms ; but if he, who has dealt so long and so expressively in the choicest of langnage, has felt afithw m ours, it must afford a source of gratifi cation, in knowing, that he can now the better understand and appreciate the effect to which his aim has long been directed. He has shown us that what he is pleased to call our ''limited circulation' affords him infinite satisfaction; it is due for us to believe him, and to remind him we have the testimony of thirty-six years' connec tion with the colony and the colonial press, to support us in saying, that though our ' limited circulation' was as poor as that of our contemporary, we should never seek to improve it, by changing our course for one owning allegiance to anything bnt that which does a colonist credit, or gain him respect. If the editor of the Perth Gazette, as a public journalist, will but treat public measures and public men fairly and reasonably without respect to motives important only to himself; he shall find that though we see occasion to differ from his views, we will entertain them with the respect which, under such good incitement, they should deserve. 