CHURCH NEWS. TBE CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL, H0BAHT TOWN. The Very Reverend the Vicar General announces that 'St. Mary's Cathedral, Hobart Town will be solemnly opened by tbe Bishop, the Key. Dr. Murphy, on Wednesday, the 4th of July next. LATINO TBE FOUNDATION STONE OF 6T. AVQVBTIHE'S CHURCH AT LONG FORD. The ceremony of laying the founda tion stone of St. Augustine's Church, at Longford, was performed on Wednes day, the Glh instant, by the Right Reverend Dr. Murphy, Bubop of Ho bart Town, assisted by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General, Rev. Dr. Butier, and the Revds. James Hogan, of Westbury, M. Koobun, of Oatlands, M. O'Calla ghan, of Campbell Town, J. Butler, of Longford, J. Moore, of Torquay, E. Walsh, ot Launceston, and M. Beechi nor, oi Hobart Tows. The reverend gentlemen assembled at tbe residence of the Rev. J. Butler, where they put on their vestments and went in procession to tbe site of the new Church, distant a few hundred yards from the residence of Father Butler. There was a large concourse of per sons — nearly fire hundred— present j many of them visitors from Launceston and tbe surrounding townships. The ceremony, opened by tbe blessing of the water, followed by tbe chanting of Psalm 83— 'How lovely are thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts !' Then a prayer in which was introduced the name of tbe saint to whom tbe church is dedicated. The entire ceremony con sisted of alternate psalm and prayer. The stone was lowered into its place and was declared duly laid according to the language of the Roman Ritual. His Lordship, preceded by the clergy, then went in procession around the foundations reciting the psalm — ' Tue foundations thereof are in thy Holy muuuiaiuB. vmer jjruyero uuu jmaimg having been recited the ceremony closed with the intonation oi the hymn of the Holy Ghost. After a brief silence his Lordship said that it was usual, on such an occasion, to address to them a few words, and be would begin with the words of the Psalmist 1.0th — ' Praise the Lord, all ye cations, praise him, all ye people, tor his mercy is confirmed upon us.*' After alluding to the connection be tween ihe words of bis text and tbe present occasion — that the confirmation of the mercy of tbe Lord upon us, was verified in laying the foundation of a temple sacred to His honor and worship. His Lordship entered upon his dis course. After the delivery of his dis course his Lordship said, that he bad great pleasure in offering bis contri bution, and then presented bis cheque to the Rev. Mr. Butler. The generous sum collected on tbe occasion speaks significantly for the kindly feeling en tertained by the people of Longford to wards tbe Rer.Mr.Butler. It amounted to £140. The Bishop and clergymen, together with Messrs. Dodery, G. Gibson and Keane were hospitably entertained at luncheon by the Rev. Pastor. PRESENTATION OF AN ADDRESS TO TBE BISHOP OF HOBART TOWN. The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, proceeded from Long ford to Westbury, and arrived in Laun ceBton on Saturdav, tbe 9th inst., ac companied by the Rev. Dr. Butler and Rev. J. Hogan. Oa Sunday morning his Lordship preached Ms first sermon here in St. Joseph's Ohurcb, which was densely crowded on the occasion. His Lordship having been informed that a deputation bearing an address wished to wait upon him, fixed three o'clock on Sunday for reoeiving them at St. Joseph's Church ; at that hour the attendance was again very Jorge, His Lordship entered the church accompanied by the Very Rev. tbe Vioar General (Dr. Hall) Bev. Dr. Butler, Revs.E. Walsh and M. Beeech inor, Chaplain and nephew of his Lordship. Tbe deputation appointed to present the address consisted of Mr John Murphy {Chairman), Alderman Sheri dan, Messrs. Charles Galvin, and J. M'Loughlin. They advanced to meet his Lordship, and the congregation, as a mark of respect, stood up. Mr Murphy read the folio wing ADDBESS. Launceston, June 10, 1866. My Lobd,— We, the Catholics of Laun ceston, beg to offer you, on your first visit among us, a most cordial welcome. The want of opportunity, not the want of will, has prevented an earlier expression ol our mnst kindly greeting. You arrival is well timed. We have passed through a season of sorrow and lercavement, in the departure of our late beloved Bishop and the melancholy sews of his serious illness. We are, however, consoled in the reflection that the chosten ng stroke is the evidence of love. He bos our deepest sympathy and our fervent prayers. Wo bail ycur arrival with unfeigned pleature— -as tbe opening of our second spring. We see before you a bright fu ture, to relieve if not dispel the gloom of the past ; for we arc not unmindful of the trials you have had to encounter, and of the severe labors you have had to per form in the discharge of your Episcopal duties on a newly-formed and uncultured mission, with its unhealthy clime and burning sun. It is our duty, as it will be our pleasure, to give our fullest co operation in the various measures sug gested by you for the good of the Church, that thus we may in our bumble capacity sweeten the yoke and lighten the burthen ot your onerous duties. Coming to these shores under such happy auspices, it is but natural that the Catholics of Tasmania should look for ward with pleasure for a long continu ance of your Lordship's benign rule, and reiterate tbe prayer that long may a mer ciful God spare you to us, for the spirit ual welfare of our souls and His own eternal glory. That the beneficent effects of a Tasmanian climate may give your Lordship increased health, and that the same Holy Spirit who has so long guided your counsels may still continue to bless them with the Divide wisdom. Everywhere will your Lordship be greeted by the warm love and respect of your flock, and everywhere will you be assured of their devoted affection for their pastors, their pride in them as a body of men who tread in the footsteps of their great Master, whose lives are without stain aud without reproach. In conclusion we again beg to offer your Lordship a most cordial welcome, and to assure you of our unanimity in earnest prayer for your propitious beginning, your prosperous progress, and your long epis copal reign in the midst of your devoted flock. John Muephy, Chairman. John Siikmdut. Chables Galvin. J. M'Loughlin. The address was very neatly en grossed on parchment. His Lordship having received the address, read the following reply, which he banded to the Chairman of tbe de putation :— Launceston, June 10th, 1866. Gentlemen, — I beg to offer vou my best thanks for the kindness and cordiality, with which you have welcomed me to Launceston. This warm manifestation of your feelings to a perfect stranger to you, is to me, tbe source of much gratifi cation. I recognise in it a spirit of re spect and affectionate devotion to the Citors of your Church, worthy of father rl mid the sons of St. Patrick. It will tonsole the benevolent heart of the amiable Bishop Willson to learn that the recollection of his apostolic labours and eminent services in this important diocese, is fresh in your minds, and that his Lordship possesses your deepest sym pathies and fervent prayers. . In succeeding to such a distinguished prelate, let me assure you that whatever my deficiencies in other respects may be, I hope' X shall not fail in earnest desire to discharge the onerous duties of the office to which, though unworthy, I have been called by the Holly See in this part of the Lord's vineyard. Tour kind offer which I gratefully ac cept, of assisting me in carrying out the measures which may be deemed necessary for the good of the ehuro, is a strong en couragement, and should I require a pledge of the sincerity of your dispositions, I could not find a better one than in the generosity which you have displayed in contributing towards the erection ot so many handsome religions edifices, which I witnessed with Joy on my tour to Launees ton, and especially of the splendid Church of the Holy Apostles, of cathedral pro portions, and an ornament to yonr beauti ful town. And when to this, I add the charming climate and scenery of your lovely island, and the co-operation of the zealouB pnd enlightened body ol clergy., whom you so well describe as followers of their Mister, and without stain or re proach, I feel that I should require no more' powerful earthly incenti re to call forth my best energies to promote the ad vancement of God's glory, and your own spiritual interests. Pray accept the expression of my grati tude far your fervent prayers and good wishes, and wishing you and your lamilies every temporal and spiritual blessing, I remain, Dear gentlemen. Your devoted t-ervant in Christ, Daniel Muefht, Bishop of Hobart Town. The Bishop lben passed bis solemn bene diotion on the assembled people, who after wards retired. 