NEWS, OF THE WEEK.' ? ? *4_ ? ?? ? ' His Worship the Mayoi;,'. at tile city police' r court, on Tuesday, gave instructions' to ;the police to. take proceedings against' all persons exposing gbodB.for sale outside their shops. The bench consider.Miliat such practices are calculated to induce poor persons fn afnnl. mid f-.hav. therefore, are determined to Buppress them. It is notified in the Government Gazette that his Excellency Brigadier-General Carey, C.B., ,will be happy to see persons/desirous of seeing him between the hours of two! and iowt; p.m., on Thursdays. Mr M*Caw?s motion for a grant of £200 for a Queen's Plate, to be run for under the auspices of the' Victoria Racing Club, was agreed to in the Assembly, Monday night, by a majority of 85 to 12. A painful rumor, which on inquiry we find to be but too correot, has been circulated, to the effect that serious defalcations had been .'discovered in the office of one of the leading steam' navigation com panies, in Melbourne. The defalcations are said to amount to nearly £12,000, and the matter will lead; to a change in the resident agent of the company, if, indeed, more serious proceedings are not taken. The particulars of a robbery which was com mitted at; the Theatre Royal, last Friday, were reported shortly after to the detective police by a man named James C. Auld, who stated that whilst sitting in the stalls he placed his hat, which con tained a pooketbook with £20 in it, on the seat next to him. After watching the . performance for some time, he happened to look for his hat, but to his surprise it had mysteriously disappeared. Mr J. G. Knight, the secretary of the forth coming Intercolonial Exhibition, has favored us with an inspection of the medals and certifi cates awarded by the Commissioners . of the Dublin Exhibition, which are now being delivered to their respective owners. They are both of great merit. At the same time was submitted to us a series of large photographic views of the country around' the Jim Crow Ranges— better known bow as the Day lesford district. Mr Chuck, the artist, has been very successful in their production. With regard to the body of the murdered infant recently found at Myrtlefprd, the Ovens Constitu tion says :— ' It is now pretty certain that the body Tiro a dani-mitRi? lw some one liviner at a distanoe. The place is rather thinly inhabited, and five young women, who are the only ones upon whom sus pioion could fall, have either been subjected to medical examination or to such other inquiries as place their innocence of the crime beyond a doubt. There is a complete mystery respecting the per petrator of the crime, but there can be no question that she or he is a stranger to Myrtleford.' Shortly before three o'clook on Sunday morning, the premises in Pall Mall, Sandhurst, occupied by J. C. Grant, confectioner and baker,. and the pro perty of Messrs W. and A. Webb, were burned to, the ground. The premises, being mostly' wooden, made a tremendous blaze, which soon exhausted itself and without doing much injury to the ad joining property. At Abbott's boot and shoe shop much loss, however, ; must result from the over zealous assistance of those who would insist oh pitching the contents of the shop into the street. Prom Saturday's Castlemaine Daily News we learn that on the morning of that day, MiMacken zie, the police magistrate of Maldon, expired. He had been suffering from consumption for some con siderable time'. The following, which we take from Saturday's M. A. Mail', relates to a gentleman well known in Melbourne literary 'circles : — ' We regret to say that Mr Nixon, who, for the last two years arid a half has conducted this journal, has been confined to the house since Saturday last,, with a bad leg, the result of burns sustained by sitting toonear the fire, while in a state of lethargy from exhaustion. Mr Nixon's health has for a long time past been . very precarious, and he finds himself compelled to relinquish the duties of journalism, at least until rest from mental exertion shall have restored his strength. He is at present unable to walk, and it is not likely he will get about for a week or two at least. Mr Nixon, whose . connection with, this journal will shortly cease, will; remain in Castle maine to engage, probably, hereafter, with others, in an enterprise which will be of considerable ? benefit to all classes of the community.' ...... *. : We learn from a local paper that a-moyement is afloat amongst a number of the farmers in North Gipps Land to organise a combination of 'those interested, to effect the imposition of an import duty on foreign flour and grain, something after the prin ciple of Sir Robert Peel's sliding scale. , During the hearing of a fraud summons, on Friday last, at Daylesford, Mr Drummond announced that hereafter the bench would examine defendants in suoh cases in the magistrate's private room. The Express saye : — ' Only professional men and the press would be admitted, and it would be left to the discretion of the reporters whether they would pub lish the evidence. In clear cases of fraud there was, of course, no reason why the testimony should not be made public, but the honest poor debtor deserved consideration. In our opinion, this is a desirable change in the mode of conducting in quiries of the kind.' Saturday's Ballaarat Star states that ' a oase in volving an extremely novel point, as regards the fees to which mining surveyors and registrars are entitled under the mining bye-laws, was adjudicated on by his Honor Judge Rogers in the Smythesdale county court on Friday, 18th May. O'Malley sued Hyslop and others for a sum of £25 17s, money due for survey and registration of nine block olaims of , twelve men each. There was no denial of liability, . bat his Honor ruled that insomuch as the names were repeated in each application, it was only a claim for twelve men, and gave judgment accord ingly.' . The Bendigo Advertiser says : — ' At the rate at which we are progressing, we shall. soon require a censorship of the press. The political writing of the last eighteen months has much of it been a disgrace to the colony— disgraceful for its violence, untruthf ulness and reokless and porsistent misrepre sentation;' We entirely agree with our country . contemporary ; and, as it 'has bo candidly confessed its chief faults, we trust we shall Boon perceive signs of amendment. But few journals have more persistently misrepresented oar leading public men, or have given currency to baser insinuations against them, than the Bendigo Advertiser. The New York Tribune, commenting on the dip lomatio correspondence concerning the Shenandoah, jceUu io * au iu-i- ortant now cilidnvit' submitted by Mr Adatlns tp,the British Government, in whiclii^is ' stated ttaif-of the 127 persons on board the Shenan-i ' dpahjl ibsless than seventy-eight jroxp, and were, kripwn tb be,, British;' subjects ; that, ,tj|e -principal guns usetd duiring thtiicraisaof the Sji^riancjoah w|rf); 6ri board ; vphen she^ sailed Irom London,; ;£7tai the-. British Governor ^Melbourne was pr&cfely;, &n;£er-\ isiivior! ' T-iii ftn'mi WnAftnTl /in. ilia ffl-.(tn h'nAArih. ?'iha't. the (Government Engineer of Melbourne 'was 6n. the vessel two or three times a day, and gave his advice about the necessary repairs, and that the Shenandoah captured and burned nineteen vessels after receiving the information of the end .of, the war. j: If the whole of the contents of the affidavit aie as-' absurd and ^untruthful as the portion;, italicised, its value is ensily estimated, and we . do not wonder at the English Government ques tioning its trustworthiness. A meeting of. the members of the Bvooke Memo rial committee was held, at the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday afternoon ; Dr Nield in the chair. The secretary,- Mr J. M. Ford* reported that; the per fnrmBnfinf iven hv the Amatenr Garrick Club would carry the sum of £50 to the, memorial fund. Sir John M'Kerizie was appointed treasurer to' rebeive^ contributions; arid the election 'Of Mr'Fordi as secretary, 'was oorifirmed.' A resolution was passed; empowering the members of the committee to re-, oeive subscriptions, and directions were .'given that they should be duly advertised. . It, was also agreed that the secretary should advertise' the names of members of committee^ The propriety of giving another amateur performance was spoken of, and the proceedings then terminated. - , f The members of the Melbourne Press gave their; last performance in the provinces, in aid of the Brooke memorial, at the Theatre Royal, Bal laarat, on Monday evening, when they again met with the same success which' attended them else where; The programme, as before^ consisted of '.'London Assurance': and ' Grimshaw,' in the former, of .which the amateurs were ably assisted by Mrs Walter Hill, wtio; sustained the character of Lady Gay Spanker, and Mrs Hplloway, who ap peared as Grace Harliawdy. In- the 'farce* Mrs Smith acted with great spirit the: part of JEmily. The success ofrthe performance was in a great measure due to the members of the Ballaarat com pany, who rendered every assistance to the press men, and who in a most graceful manner . acknowledged the efforts of the amateurs i to per petuate the memory of G. V. Brooke. ???' . The extraordinary vacancy in the borough council of Footscirayj caused by the retirement of ? Mr Jack son; was filled on Monday, by the election of Mr J.^ Brown, of Mayfield-house; Geelpng-road. A private letter : was, reoeived in Hobart Town, from Mr Ramsbottom, one ? day last , week, in: which he says : — 'I am very busy with the ova, and cannot say more than that this morning we counted upwards of eighty young fry, of course just hatched. I think we shall have a good batch of them this time.' . , , : At the police court Geelpng on Monday, two men, named. Bushell arid.. Howe, appeared to answer the charge of violently assaulting an old man in the: employ of Mrs Myles, Moolap, riamed: O'Grady.' From the evidence adduced, it appeared' that, at the suit of the Bank of Australasia, a sheriffs offioer had been placed in charge of the property of O'Grady 's employer. In consequence of. the threaten-' ing language used towards, the officer by plaintiff he wrote, asking for assistance,; arid the defendants were despatched with ' instructions 'to take possession of certain cattle, and; bring them to the sale yard in. Geelong. They had mustered them, and. were in the act of taking .them from the land, when the plaintiff threatened to stiobti them if they did riot desist, at the same time claim ing the cattle as his own. They dismounted, and after considerable resistance,' succeeded in throwing down and' tying the arms of their assailant, who, after promising better behavior, was liberated, and accompanied them, into town, where; after drinking with . thein in a friendly mariner, he gave them into custody for the assault. Mr Guy,' for the defence, con tended that the assault was a justifiable one. Mr Friend, for- the plaintiff, maintained that his olient was proteofcing.his own property when assailed. The bench declined to enter into the' question of title, but nevertheless dismissed' the ousel ' ; - - ; A preliminary meeting bf the Collingwbod elec tors was held'1 at the Yorkshire Hotel, Qollingweodj last; Motirlflv. t.n r.nnsidfir thfi tuition tnlrnn hv Bf. Embling in Parliament, as a representative of the district. Mr Thomas Diokson presided. A discussion took plaoe between several gentlemen who had taken a prominent part at the late ge neral election, some of whoin had been Dr. Embling's warmest supporters. : The, meeting was unanimously of opinion that he no longer deserved the confidence of the constituency ; in f aot, several urged that his conduct had been ungentlemanly and contemptible in the extreme, while Mr Rico denounced him as a political hypocrite. He was frequently alluded to as being excessively vain and easily gulled, in support of whioh latter asser tion, the trick played. him by Mr Fellows was quoted. Mr Rice further stated that he believed there was not a single man in the Assembly, who did not hold him in utter contempt, and he considered it would be an insult to the constituency to ask him to give an explanation of his conduot, seeing that he had not kept a single pledge which he gave when Vmfnvo t.Viom Tn 'fnnf. V\tx vrrna arwvxr f.Vinfr. tVt'aTT linil ISTWAW^W VMVU1I -*?** AHIVIW **^* IIUU K'V'i* » V**l*V VUWJ «*ttt* even spent a shilling upon him in advertising the present meeting. The chairman suggested that, on Friday last, Dr. Embling stated ' That he was not returned as a supporter of the Minis try.' : Considering this fact, he thought the con stituency ought to let the public know that that they were determined to withdraw their confi dence from any representative who would not give a warm support to the Government of the day. -j It was nltimatoly decided, 'That a public meeting should beheld on Monday evening next, to consider the conduct of Dr. Embling, and that he be in formed of the resolution arrived at.' Messrs Turnbull, Rice, Powell, M'Biriiie, Prytheroh, Gay and Dickson were appointed u committee to make all necessary arrangements, and the meetiner then separated. ??.. ;, .. The late rains appear iq have materially improved, the aspect of affairB at Wood's Point. From, the Mountaineer of Saturday we take the following on the Bubjeot:—'1 For the past three days the clouds have been dropping down their fatness1 to such an! extent that the waters of the Goulburn are splashing and dashing at a considerable rate, quite sufficient to gladden the hearts of numerous shareholders whoso crushing inaohines have for many months joan at a standstill. The Royal Standard and : Cha^pi,on:j^ju$achines . are now in', full play, and : nu'mferb'ttB' others, everi Drysdale and Co., have put ' oxit tteir engine fire and stabled the iron horse for ] th'e win'fer. The next escorts from this place will j ; tell-; 'aisle to Melbourne shareholders arid convince Vtlijiom; /that there ia gold in the district. , For; the , inprith of July it is calculated that about 23,0001 oz ! of gdM'will be token from tKis district, ^.eluding ?Raspej^and filaisk River. Should this prove' to -bft^hecase^our sHajces wil]L again command consider able respect in the' Melbourne market, and mines will ceaBe to be considered swindles. We are in formed that snow is lying thiok on Mount Useful, and alFroand Fiddlerfs Gr.een ; this will, give a cbn^ stant supply of. water to the ; maohines.' at Black River, even supposing the rain were to stop, which at present is not likely. The last, escort, 5000 oz, was the producf of six machines. On Monday .next, twenty-five machines,- will- be in full working order, and it may' be safely inferred that a great change is about to take place for the better at Wood's Point.' , ,-' ?, ; , ... .'Two years ago,' says the Wagga Wagga Ex preBS, 'there wore 300,000 scabby sheep in New South Wales.' Since that time the Scab Act has been diligently 'enforced;'' T and 'with such beneficial results' that the disease has bow been .almost .eradi cated, and it is anticipated .that in a very siiprii time the whole colony .will be enabled^ to show a clean bill of health! , In Victoria the same disease hasi' for the last fifteen years, been treated after the' peculiar fashion in vogue amongst our rieighborsi and there are, at the present moment, wet might almost say, millions of scabby, sheep within her; borders.'' ?;.?'., The Ballaarat . Star says :— 'Offipers, of polioe were, on Sunday, again to be ? seen ; visiting the va rious claims implicated in trie late charges of Sab bath desecration. Froiri the matter of course man ner iri which the varibus companies - would seem to ?have arranged to paythe 5s'tiue exactedby the. law, it would seem necessary that the old-fashioned al ternative, of the stooks should be resorted to before compliance with the law can be' enforced.' ' , V,|The''iDhief/SeOTetWj'ofNew' South Wal'esj tn'6 lion. Mr Piirkes, visited Beeqhworth' last week, accompanied '/by Mr Fiood'.' ' The ' Advertiser say's :?—' Ori his'arrivalin'tbe townhe was welcomed by the mayorand;,Mr, Gaunt, ,P.M(, who, together with Mr Inspector Disney,, showed the hon.. gentle man over the various publio institutions iri Beech worth. Mr Parkes expressed himself much pleased with the order and regularity observediu the saol. and was astonished at the number - and extent of our public edifices. The hon., gentleman visited the atherissum, hospital, lunatic asylum and benevolent fisyium. He is' reported to have1 stated that through ou* New South Wales they had not a court house: to compare with ours for convenience and appro priate fittings;',,, , ... . ; ., ,; . ..,, As aninstance of the value of building ground in' Warrnanibpol, we have been. -informed that ,Mr, ..(?? A. Cramer purchased, privately, frorri Mr'H..Dykes,. of Melbourne, on Wednesday week, allotment' 16 'of. section 9, in Timor-street,' for seven hundred: pounds ; and another allotment, in the same street, belonging' to Mr P. O'Brien, of Melbourne, was soldi : to Mr John Mooney, of . Yangery^for £600, on the; someday. ir .'?...._ 1;,'^.:.--,; : ,,. . .'.,.' ., .-., ..,? ? Through the representations of Messrs Plummer, arid' Evans, M.Ii.A.,'the; volunteers of Warrriam-; bopl and 'Belfast seem likely, to have their hopes realisedlrirthe re- organisation of a' corps between the two towns. Publio meetings have beeni held,i showing satisfactorily the .'desire pf , both places , to have the oorps ? re-iBstablished. ,. We, understand the UIOIUUCLU 1UL liUD UlBtilfUli MUVtJ UUOIi UUUlLUUUlCUieU with since the publio meetings' were held, arid it is 'supposed ho time will be lost iri ' sending down drill instructor arid rifles, ...- ? ?'? .!-; .\ . V During a rebent visit to Melbourne the chairman' of the Maryborough mining; board brought under Mr Sullivan's . notice , that clause in the Mining Statute which requires candidates' for the mining boards; to reside in the division' for which they seek to be' elected, pointing out to him that this condition was ' too restrictive, arid sug-i gestirig that it should be avoided by the insertion of the; word ' district' instead of, 'division.' Mr Sullivan replied that he could not find out how the' word division got into the statufce,..as he never in tended that it should be found' there ; but the statute had been so bandied about from the Assem bly to tke Council that several, provisions crept; in, which had no right to be inserted. He intended next session to introduce a short bill to alter that and other errors whioh had fourid their way into the' Government measure. ? ' ' ! ? ; Mr A. K. Smith was on Tuesday elected a mem ber of the city couricil, in the robin of the late Mr W. L. Kelly. There was'no opposition. ? ' A most frightful acoiderit is recorded as follows, by Monday's M. and D. Advertiser 1^. The legs of a man, with^boots, on, were yesterday found be-1 tween Ayooa an^d Amphitheatre, under a tree. The'1 trunk, head, and ripper portions were completely consumed by fire. Senior constable Larkin rode into Avoca yesterday, shortly after mid -day, to give the. information. There is, so far as we' can learn,- no. oonjeoture as to who the unfortunate1 may have been ; but, no doubt, further inquiry will bring the facts to light. It is supposed deceased had lit a fire arid, while under the influence of drink and stupidity, had been burnt to death;' Typhus fever, sayB the M« A. Mail, ' does not seem to be on the decrease in the district. Yester day, a Dane, suffering from this terrible complaint. was admitted into the district hospital.' : An ordinary meeting of the city dbunoil took place Tuesday afternoon; the mayor presiding. On the motion of Aid. Wragge, seconded by Aid. Cohen, the council unanimously adopted the draft of an address to his Excellency Sir Charles Henry Darling, K.O.B. ; and it was also decided that on1 address of condolence should be presented to iho widow of the late Mr W. L. Kelly, councillor for! Latrobe ward. Cr. M'Pherson called the attention1 of the council to the f aot that a large quantity of ilnmonA^ fl/in** nnn noon va/tat^flvr ar\IH or a trmtTT InrrT HHUiuuuu U|WU* **i*v* tj\j\j*j, Avj^/wj^u&T; . m v*»*» **w t« i\j*,r *v it rate. The matter was referred to' the health com mittee. A petition, which had been presented to' the Legislative Council, praying that those clauses of the Pablie Health Laws Consolidation Aot re lating to the prevention of the pollution of .the' River Yarra, whioh had. been struck out of the bill in the Assombly, may bore-inserted, or that tbo bill may not pass into law, was adopted, and the council then adjourned. : ? 1 ? We have our files ? from Sydney to the 19th inat. The news, however, is unimportant. The Wander ing Reporter of the Sydney Morning Herald, writing from Barraba, dated 18th May, says :— ' The country is in so miserablo a state that I bavo been three daya getting thus far. Since leaving the Rooky .-...-? - ? -- ? ' ,*^ River, my-unfortunate horse i has not had a bit to i eat beyond ,the f ew- mouthfuls- he has been able to gather ? ori,' ,.the rba'd. ?; About all' the stations and sfcbppirig-prdces evdrytting is perfectly bare, and no hay.Or c6rnrt6 be bjad:; so.'thdt to keep life in my ;p'p'or animal I have' been'obligied to camp for two or | three h'crtirs a day whenever, I came to any place on I the; rangea; 'where there was' any — not feed, for that ?there* is not — but,the slightest suspioion of there being the ghost of a bla'db of dried up grass. This is the first place I have reached where hay is ob tainable, and I am stopping to-day to get my horse a 'tucker, as I. am told, there are. the. same prospects) ' ? of starvation for hitn a't'Bingera.1 The whole. oountry iff an immenseiwhste;' 'cattle [dp} pd^r) that £Gby can . hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone ^ through a vory severe winter. Should any bad * weather set in you will hear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many plac'esj both iu this — . t the Liverpool Plains—and in the Nev/ England d,is tricts. All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great : portion of their length', arid what little water there is every here and ther.e is not drinkable, beinc almpst putrid from the large nmouut of decomposed vegetable 'matter it holds in solutibri f roin the chick weed that- covers ;: it. ?'-? Children, arid' even grown people, are su£Fering from dysentery, owing to the use ,of the water.'! ? , , ;; ,;.,,.. ...... -.-.,. Tuesday's Kyneton Observer , remarks : — 'The subject of dumrayism wascaaually mentioned at , the sitting of the land commission, yesterday, conse quent on some person appearing by proxy. Mr Hodgkinsbn, however, at once remarked that it was veiy little use'pisi'sons attempting to hold the land by. any such manoauvres aa the employment of dam mies, as the board were determined in every case; to cancel the license where the letter and spirit of the law. was not complied with.' On Tuesday's Ballaarat Post says':— ' A serious acoident happened this morning to Mr George RobertsoD, carpenter and contractor for additions now ^ being made to Irwin's: Provincial. Hotel, Lydiard street.r Robertson, was upon- a scaffolding at his work, when his, support suddenly gave way, and: he was precipitated Vto the ground, a distanoe of about twenty-two feet. By the fall he received a compound ?fracture of the! lef t leg, immediately above' the arikle: Dr. Embling was at once in attendance, and having attended to the binding up of the poor, fellow's leg, superintended his removal, tp the hospital. It is necessary to,, add that the sonffolding having been erected by Robertson, none' others are to blame for the aooident.' The sticking up of a process'server is reported as follows by Wedm sday's M. A. Mail :— ' An unlucky wight who,:pn, the ? last . day of; service, for , county court summonses had been entrusted with.a number of those interesting documents, very, luckly for some people, was overdosed (it' ; is said. designedly) ? with some of the 'real mountain /dew.' The result was that the messenger fell into the hands of the Philistines} , who took care of his person arid effects : until yesterday, when they, let : him go. To his chagrin, . he now finds that , for ; all the . June opunty court purposes he is 'a day afitpr the fair.' ' The fourth annual ball of the United Otiprative Bakers' Society took place at Si;; George's HaU, in Weanesday; There was a large attendance. Tlio p're ceeds of the ball are to be devoted to! the funds' of .the.liprury, which, .at present; coi:sistS:of over 200 volumes. There are: only /sixty, members in the society, but the balance in baud exceeds £90. The. Ministerial whitebait.dinner took place on Wednesday evening, at Sodtt's Hotel. About 40! mem bers of thd Lower House n'rid1 seven of the Upper were present upon the occasion; We leam that , Messrs Frazer and Dayies were ndt invited. . Mr M'Mahbn also gave a .dinner to the members of the Opposition, at the Legislative Assembly. We are iniforined that a preliminary- meeting pf ' rriembers of both Houses has been held to consider the advisability ? of inviting the hon. G. F. Verdon to a dinner or dejeuner, prior to his departure by f the 'mail. A. committee has' been named. It is probable that a dejeuner at eleven o'clook on Monday morning will be deoided on, and the com pany will attend Mr Vefdbri from the hotel to the ,i railway pier, to see him on his way, and to wish him ion voyage. ?;'? We have- our files from Tasmania to the 21st insf. ? The following is from the Hobart Town Mercury of that; date :— ' A. company of amateurs in this city, being anxious to give a performance in aid of the Brooke Memorial Fund, applied to the proprietor of the Theatre' fiby'al'for permisBidrito usethat estab lishment for the' purpose, but a reply was received that the use of the house could be obtained on the payment of £7, the company to defray the expense of lighting. As the theatres in the other colonies hs.ve been plaoed gratuitously at the servioe of amateurs, for the purpose of assisting to raise a be coming memorial to the name of one so pleasantly associated with the history of the drama- in the Ahs : trali as, the. amateurs -consider the offer of the pro prietor of the Theatre Royal as rather illiberal - and no performance will, in oonsequenoe, take place.' We' can assure our contemporary that he labors 1 under a mistake, so far, at least, as Viotoria ib con cerned, respecting the gratuitous use of the theatres for the above purpose, £75 being the amount demanded and. paid for the Princess's Theatre on the oooasioia of the late performance by the Press amateurs in aid of the Brooke Memorial Fund. This sum, how ever, includes lighting, arid all the other expenses connected with the performance, except advertisings and bill posting. 'Vj The Tasmanian Morning Herald, of the 21st inst., says that. ' the long pending arrangements for amalgamating the Launoestpn Steam Naviga- ,-;'* tion Company with the Tasmanian Steam Naviga tion Coiripany are now, it is generally understood, j so far brought to a close that the amalgamation I may be considered un fait accompli; The terms I .are stated ; to bo , that the Launceston Com pany's two boats and all appurtenances, &c;, are handed over to the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company, in consideration of 1500 paid up new shares iri the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com pany, being equivalent to the aum of £15,000.' The weekly meeting of the Counoil of the Aooli , matisation Sooiety was held on Tuesday.. Present —Dr.. Blaok, Processor M' Coy, Colonel Champ, Messrs E. M. Curr, G. C. Levey, A. R. C. Selwyn, A. Pu'robds urid F. S. Dobson. A letter was read from Dr. Officer giving a report of the continued success of the salmon' experiment. Mr Selwyn, who, iri company with Dr. Black, had recently .visited Phillip^. Island, gave a most encouraging acoount of the iu-^ crease of the animals liberated there.. Dr. Blaok also mentioned, as a curious faot, that whilst they were on the island a turkey was shot which was tho produce of some tame ones that had strayed f rora ? Mr Haffio's. The bird had become perfectly. ,\vild, and possessed nil the flavor .of the wild 'turkey.. The superintendent re ported that the Axis deer would very shortly be in a condition for : liberating, and a conver sation took place as to tho locality1 in which these should be turned. loose. Several places were named, and. the secretary was directed to make cer tain inquiries as to the , suitability of the dif eirent spots! an-l the expense of getting the deer there. ? The Otago Daily Times of the 5th insfc. says : — 'Mr William Lee Rees, late of Melbourne, was, yesterday, after the usual' examination by his Honor, Mr Justice Chapman, admitted to. practice, as a barrister and solicitor of tho Suprenie Court of . New ZealundL' .'-..-? ?,-,.'? The following anecdote was related at the annual ' meeting of the Hunter River Vinegrowers' Associa tion, held last week, respecting the fainous'Poteri'tut wine oil, JohaiiDisborg, and the accidental' cause, which led to its riiiiuufactrire of iv superior quality : ' — ' This valuable estato (the Johaunisberg), at 'present the property of the Motternieh family, be longed in 1716 to tho 'Prince Abbe of Ful-ks. One of these pzinces forgot in 1724 to give orders I or the vintage to be o;-mnienced. Tho grapes rotted before' they wore gathered, and to tho grent su'r priae of the wine dresser's, over ripe fruit produced tce-mo-st delicious wine. Since that period the vintage of JohaumBbeig has been commenced as liUo na, possible!, aiid over ripe' grapes are cdresiiliy Hepai'fUed from .'fiioiie not, &o; far advanced. The grapes' slightly tinted produce the' ivine of the first 'quality, which is culled ' ' Potentat,' because it is re served for the cellars of crbwned heads. A bottle of the wine of Potentat sells readily at the vineyard for 15s, and even 203.' , Tho Baliaarat Star give's the following anecdote : 41 A pair of boots, worth £1200 sterling, must be as ! valuable, one would think, as the fabulous seven league boots; but we huar that a pair of such value was. given away in Ballaarat not long ago. -? When ; Sir William Don shares. were. being! given away by holders who -.f eared to hold. what was thenworthless, and yet entailed liability, the story i goes; that a poor; shareholder gave twelve shares for a pair -of boots. The man who gave. the boots for tne twelve snares —-so goes the story further— realised,: when the shares ran up to £100 eaoh, and is gone home with his little fortune.'. : ?- ' ? ??? ? The Crooked River Chronicle thus writes of the weather in that district :— ' The first approach to a severe winter on the mountains of ? Gipps Land was heralded in during the past week. On Wednesday evening the rain poured down in a perfect deluge, and1 continued without the slightest intermission ?until eleven /o'clock -on Thursday night, when it was suooeeded by : a heavy fall ? of snow, and yesterday morning the hills and ' 'gullies were covered to a depth of eighteen' inches or more. This will, in all1 probability, have the effect of nearly extirpating our already inuoh diminished population. The Dargo river, we have been told, has risen te an ad ditionar height of seven feet in twenty -four hours, onri oil tw u ' nt.ViAi* rivers and creeks have been swol len to a considerable exttent.' We, learn from the Gipps Land Times that ?' arrangements havebeen completed for leasing the ; Thomson River Copper Company's mine to an Adelaide smelting company' for a term of five years.1 Mr Halifax, late of tne Kapunda Company, South Australia, will act as manager; and the erec- : tion of smelting works wil be proceeded with at once. The copper will be forwarded to Melbourne, and from thence shipped to Swansea. The terms of the lease are that the smelting company get eighty eight per cent., and the owners of the claim twelve per cent, oh the gross yield.' ' '.. ' The Kyneton Observer says':—',' A large number of persons who have made applications for land under the 42nd seotion of the Amending Land Act have been much disappointed at their names not having been called at the sittings of the commission of inquiry at Kyneton and Taradale, on Monday and Tuesday. The reason for this is that the oontraot surveyors have so many applications made to them that they are quite unable to get through with the surveys, so as to be enabled to draw up the plans, and forward them to Mr Couohman, the dis triot surveyor. At future sittings of the commission, in order to prevent incoiivenienoe to applicants, it has been determined to send circulars to all whose applications have been received by Mr Couohman, so that applicants will know that unless they receive a.oiroular they will not be required to attend. Mr Bodgkinson expressed the regret he felt at so many persons having been put, to so much inconvenience, but explained that it could not possibly be helped, as. it is imperative that Mr Couohman should look ever the applications in his office to see if there were any departmental objections.' We- understand that the site of the Australian Woollen Cloth Mill is definitely, fixed, twelve apres of land near the mouth of the Yarra, some three quarters of a mile from the Bay, having been pur chased for the purpose. ,..,.-?..?? We have our files from Otago, N.Z., to the 18th inst. The Daily Times states that ' during the month of April, 80 vessels entered inwards at the port of Dunedin, measuring 13,071 tons ; and 81 outwards, measuring 13,355 tons. The total emigra tion for tho month was 356 males, 134 females, 46 boys, 41 girls; total, 577. Immigration— 397 maleB, 97 females, 28 boys, 27 girls ; total, 549. Balance in favor of emigration, 27.' Our files from Tasmania are to the 23rd instant. The following had been received by Mr Allport from Dr. Officer, in reference to the hatching of the ova at the salmon ponds, on the river Plenty :— ?? New Norfolk, Monday morning. Excellent news from the ponds. Yesterday morning 615 youug salmon and 51 sea trout were duly counted, and this morning the former oannot be less than a thousand. The daily mortality among tho ova is much di minished. This week will, I think, nearly see the hatching completed.' A soiree and ball took plaoe at the Protestant Hall, Thursday night, and were attended by more than 200 visitors, a good many uniforms being visible in tho various groups. The hall was gaily decorated, and dtinoing was kept up with spirit until a late hour. A grand military concert and gymnastio enter? tortainmont were given at St. George's Hall, last Thursday, in aid of the building fund of M.R.V.V. Artillery Orderly-room. The hall was well filled, chiefiy by volunteers and their friends,- and the whole affair was a complete suooess. Mr David Lee was conductor, and had under his control somo of the loading artists of Melbourne and a number of amateurs. Mr 0. E. Horsley was unavoidably absent through illness, but Mb parts in the pro gramme were very efficiently filled by Mr Lee and Herr Julius Herz. Miss Warden was absent, but another j lady, Miss Watson, kindly supplied her place, find to the great satisfaction of the audience. She and Miss Little and Messrs Coles, Angus and another gentleman who sang hoIos, wore loudly uppiauded. Messrs E. and A. King and S. Chap man took part in the instrumental quartettes. Im mense applause was excited by Gunners Masters and Evans in the character of 'the Nerves.' They were recalled, and the latter gentleman re ceived u similar honor for a subsequent comic song. The gymnastic : entertainment consisted of feats on the single- .: and double trapeze, on the , horizontal bar, and on a ladder in .the, air, performed by members olthe Emerald-hill R.y.V.A. corps. Some of these were of a marvellous kind, and wen- performed with a coolness, confidence and complete success, which would have done credit to experienced professional gymnasts. They were received with enthusiastic awplause. No doubt the lands in aid o£ which the entertainment was given will materially profit, , . . . The Melbourne Presbytery of the United Pres byterian Church of Victoria heid this week a pro renata meeting in Ryrie-atreet Church, G-eolong, convened at the. instance of then minister of that church to inquire into the existing fama affecting his reputation. Tho following members ? were present:— The . Rev. R. IV Walker, Ballaurai, moderator ; the R«v. Robert Hamilton, Fitz roy, oierk ; Rev. A. M. IWiiBay, Mel bourne; liev. David Chapmen, Bioad meadows ; Rev. Boburt B. Scott, Carlsruhe — ministers ; and Mr J. M. Anderson, Geelong ; and Mr William Dall, Melbourne, elders. Ths sittings of the presbytery extended over Wednesday and Thurs day, the 23rd and 2±th. At the close of Thurs day's meeting, the investigation was suspended in consequence of special difficulties in the case, and the presbytery meesing stands adjourned till Mon day next at two o'clock p.m. Last'Thursday's Gastlemaine Daily News say8:- — ' This mornpg the Blue Volunteer Fire Brigade were practising with a small caunon preparatory to the. day's review. The gun had been loaded with blank cartridge when, just af the moment of firing, a man named Evans crossed in front of the piece. The charge was not a heavy one, but in consequence of the man being so close to the muzzle the full force of the charge was received in his left leg. The flesh is fearfully lacerated, and the wound extends from below the knee to a considerable distance up the thigh. It is said by some persons ? that . Mr Evans loaded the gun himself, but he asserts that it was fired before he expected, and much too soon. The unfortunate gunner was conveyed to the hos pital, where his wounds was dressed mih . linseed poultices. Nothing very serious is apprehended, but it is certain that he will be unable to inote about for some time and this is a great calamity, as Mr Evans has a family to provide for. It is to be lamented that the first accident' that has happened to the' ' Blue Brigade' during an existence of six years should have oocurred under such ciroum shn.nfifiB.' A special general meeting of the members of the St. Patrick's Society was held, on Thursday,' at the society's hall, Bourke-street, to consider: the medical expenses, the ruling of the president, and the appointment of a trustee in the place ol Mr John O'Shanasay. Mr Glennon presided. The business of the evening was commenced by reading the requisition calling the meeting, after which several members objected to their names baing upon the requisition, as they had signed it under a misappre hension of its object. A scene of indescribable uproar and confusion then ensued, during which personalities were freely exchanged, and it seemed probable that the meeting would terminate in a general fight, when the chairman promised : to allow those members who objected to withdraw their names, and for a short time the noise was allayed. Mr Horans then moved that it was desirable to assimilate, as far as practicable, the amount paid to the medioal officer of St. Patriok's Society, to the sums paid to the medioal officers of other friendly and benefit societies ; to relieve the married members from the payment of £1 per year for medioal attendance on their families, by making the amount payable out of the incidental fund ; and that a special committee be appointed to report upon the best means of carry ing out the objeots of the resolution. A long dis oussion enaued, after which the motion was adopted with an addition, on the suggestion of Mr Moran, that- the committee inquire into the working of the rules of the, society if found necessary. The meet ing then adjourned. We are informed by the Geelong Advertiser that 'aboard of inquiry into the conduct of the Rev. James Henderson, minister of the United Presby terian church, commenced its sitting on Wednesday; The following gentlemen were present : — Moderator pro tern., Rev. Mr Walkoi, Ballaarat; Rev» Mr Hamilton, Collingwood ; Mr 'Anderson, presbytery elder; Messrs Storzer and M'Nab, commissioners appointed by session. It was intimated that a report would be furnished to the proas.' 