BENALLA ANNUAL RACES. [By Electric Telegraph.] (from our own correspondent.) I : . SECOND BAY—FRIDAY, 16m MARCH Jt'lrst luice—i'AMiKits' Cup, value 25 sovs., tho gift of;H. N. Simson, Esq., with 25 soys, added ; for all horses the bona, fide property of persons re . siding.witliin 15 miles of Ben alia for two months previous to the 24tli January, 1S6G ; once round • 'the course ; heats ; welter weights for age winner ■ to 'hold the. cup for the year on the usual terms— to ■he returned in order to be run for each year > at 'the Berialla Annual Meeting \mtil won' three i - tunes in succession liy one individual; profes . sional riders excluded.. Winners of- any,public race'51b extra; if of .501., 71b extra; if of 100?-., 101b extra. ' . . . 1. ^ • i "Spanker - . - .- ,1. ;^, Second Bace-^Visitors'; Handicap, of 40 sovs; distance, two miles; one, event; nominations to . be! sent into the Secretary, with 1 sov. enclosed, \- byj8 o'clock p.m. on the evening of the first day's ' ; racing; weights declared at fl p.m., and accept arices, with 2'sovs., to be'sentin to the. Secretary not later than half-past ten p.m. Chancellor - - - 1 Quicksilver' ' - - 2 Third (Eaice—Fokced. ';Handicap>; of; 20 sovs.; dis '•'.'•.'".tahce, one'mile and a distance.; for all winners-, losers admitted by their paying 2; sovs;; entriqs received immediately after the Visitors Handi cap. .. ; ' ■ | . Chancellor • - : r-. - - 1 .. Quicksilver - 2': : " JFourth Uace—Consolation Stakes—A Handicap, of .*' 15i sovs; tor all beaten horses during the.meeting one a'nd a half miles; one. event; post entrance. I . /Lord of Clyde - - - 1 . , j lien Lomond • - - - 2 v. StjMJiARY ^lNJusTiGE.—-The vagaries of Dr Dobbyn, Mayor of Wangaratta, 'have! almost;' reached , tho culminating .point. On; Saturday last he was asked to become bail for Mr Yonarx, a farmer at. North Wangaratta, who had got mixed up in a squabble about a horse in the , afternoon of the same day, and for this1 ■ object DrDobbyn, it is supposed, arrived at tlie Court_House. ..He peremptorily told Constable-Evans,- (the constable^ in charge o£ the station in the 'absence of Sergeant. Montfort); to open the front door: of the Court Hbuse. Evans said he could not do so, as the keeper of the Court House had got the key. Ulti mately a,dmittanoe was gained by passing through, the Police; Magistrates ; private room.' The .-.Mayor, accompanied: fwith Constables Evans and Bailey, and Mr Meyer, r then entered into- the- Court House with all pomp and circumstance. This; was about eight o'clock • in the evening. •' The- Mayor took his seat on the Bench, amidst the blaze of a single eancHo, and asked for the charge, sheet,, which had been' made- out by tho Mr Meyer previously alluded; to,; he^. having come upon tho scene < something like a ghost. The Mayor, .also, asked if the defendant Mr Yornax had been'"brought up oh 'a summons or warrant. On being satisfied on this point he immediately wrote discharged on the charge sheet, also adding that there ■ were not tho : slightest grounds for the police taking Mr Yornax into custody.; the police had no alternative but to discharge^ himl Large Fish.—A Chinaman on his way from the O vens Biver to the Chinese Camp] with some fish, 'showed a' person in this town, a cod-fish; .weighing about ,501bs, which had been caught the pre vious evening in the Ovens River. Pedesthianism.—A foot race, distance 100 yards, for £1 aside, took place on . Tuesday Morning in the.space opposite the- Royal Hotel, Wangaratta, between Wm Cusack, of Wangaratta, and Telford; : of Beechworth. :. Tho. Tadmorito won : easily-^Cusack giving up- when only half-way- Oil the enormous-.stakes being handed over to' the winner, he challenged Cusack to run him again and give 10 • yards of a start for even a much'larger amount. There is not the' slightest probability of the challenge being accept : ed, owing to: the present great depression in the Sporting Money Market. The Repoe.ted Sticking-tjp at Wan-, garatta.—A person of the name of William Coombes, brickmaker, on the King River, about half a mile from Wangaratta, reported to the Police on last Sunday morning, that he was stuck up on the previous Saturday night. He said that when proceeding fromQuin's store, One Mile, and when making towards his house, he was accosted by a man, whom he met between the top of Yinceiit's lane and the Pound, this was about half-' past-7 o'clock p.m. the man presented a pistol to his head and said I want your. money. Coombes replied that he had only a half-crown. The robber said, you have more than that, I know, give it to j me, quick. Coombes said he had a one j pound note, with seventeen shillings wrapped up in it, ho gave it to the sticker-1 up who lie said walked quietly away. .Coombes says .he went home and told his wife . of tho robbery,. and wished to follow the thief up with a firearm he had in the house, but his wife requested him not to do so. It is' passing "strange that ' Coombes did not ■ report the robbery on Sunday morning.- - And if the robber ..walked quietly away in the direction of the Pound why did he not follow him up that night, and " he might probably have met with assistance. To our mind the whole* affair has the appearance of a pure fabrication. 