THE BATHURST ROAD MAIL ROBBERY. To the Editor of the Herald. Sir, — Robbing of mail is a matter of such every day occurrence that very little notice is taken of it even by the Press, with the exception of your leader of yesterday, and less by the Government. The robbery that occurred about a week ago on the Western Road to the mail coach is a case in point. The small paragraph in the papers represent it to to have taken place near Pulpit Hill — that the supposed bushrangers were cleverly captured next morning by the police, — that the letters, papers, and money were all recovered, — and caps the whole misstatement by stating that the thieves were caught sitting enjoying themselves under a fence in the midst of their plunder — whilst in fact the affair took place twenty miles from Pulpit Hill, and if there was any cleverness in the matter it was in the robbers' plans The capture of the suspected men was the merest chance in the world. A very small portion of the mails and property was recovered, and so little signs of plunder were there about the men that the police had passed them without any suspicion. But the strangest carelessness about the matter is the Post Office officials leaving the police in the dark as to the amount of mails and property lost, and not recovered. On the prisoners was found about £60, and when they were committed last Friday the police were certainly of opinion that, with the exception of the gun and pistol with which the robbery was completed, and for which the police had an unsuccessful search, everything was found. The statement of a gentleman present at the committal that he had £217 in the mail was treated with unbelief, as I suppose no notification the contents of the mail bags had been given by the Post Office, although it was pretty well known there soon after the robbery what every bag contained before that had taken place; and surely they know what they have recovered and what was missing according to their information. The gentleman above mentioned, finding that no assist- ance was likely to be gained from official quarters, set to work himself with some friends to thoroughly search the bush around the locality of the robbery. This was like looking for a needle in a stack of hay, as every one knows who has ever been across the Blue Mountains. But their perseverance was rewarded; after a few days of laborious work they came upon a cave, near to which was found the gun and pistol hidden amongst the rocks, and in the cave some mail bags and the greater portion of the mail, with cheques and half notes representing a value of over ten thousand pounds; all of which was forwarded to the police. The whole notes are still, however, missing; and the searches are still at their arduous task to find the ‘plant.’ Our forefathers took a quicker mode of making rogues discover the whereabouts of their ill-gotten treasure. The pistol was quite useless, and the gun did not appear to have been charged lately. In the old mail coaching days at home every coach was provided with an armed guard. Is it of less importance here, where so much property and important correspondence is carried:— the loss of which, as you truly remark, few can estimate the evil of, and to think that all this should be at the mercy of any rogue — even a couple of drunken navvies with a ghost of a pistol and an old loadless gun. Truly ‘familiarity breeds contempt,’ for we are very familiar with mail robberies, and our contempt for any means of preventing them is highly characteristic of our colony or those who govern it. The late stringent Act may have destroyed the arch bushrangers, but it seems like killing mosquitoes, for one you kill a hundred comes to the funeral; and perhaps the greatest evil that will necessarily arise from this state of things will be the horrid South American custom of every one carrying arms even in the most peaceful avocations, for no place or person seems safe from the universal ‘bail up.’ R. A. Blue Mountains, February 19th. 