SHAKSPERE. Standing alone, a Study in itself, How Shakspere's Volume glorifies my shelf! For there his spirit forth on mine his shined, Like a great morning on the hills of mind. Sphered in the light of his creative powers, A wonder-world, inorbing this of ours, Gathers around us, like the peopled haze That wraps some roamer in a dream's wild ways. —Lean fatal Hags ride in the troubled air, And wing'd Immortals meet us everywhere: These of a silken loveliness that shows Like the dim beauty of a moon-lit rose; Lined rigidly as sculptured iron, those. —Lo, now Futurity uplifts her veil, And pours her Phantom Kings before the tyrant pale! Now in the moon's quick glimpses gleaming cold, A mpil-clad Monarch's spectral form behold; Whilst o'er like echoes from Oblivion's coast, Comes the dread speech of the unquiet Ghost! —Turn we a page—O for some charm to save That meek mad Maiden from her timeless grave! "Sweets to the sweet," with the sad Queen we groan, As o'er her shroud the votive flowers are thrown: We see how wild a death the best may die, And dash the sacred tear-drops from our eye! But seek we surer matter,—knowledge, hard With ethics such as time-schooled minds regard; Or such as, breathing the soul's fervour, primes Our piety, and our moral faith sublimes! How many a noble page is shared between Wit, Fancy, Prudence in her sagest mien, And that high Wisdom which informs us still Heaven "shapes our ends, rough-hew them how we will;" And that, though vain and erring, Human Nature Is yet a pile of half-angelic stature; Material, yet ethereal—both, though each;-- Soul-quickening matter as thought quickens speech— A body built of clay—a mind of godlike reach! Thus constantly some vital moral shines, Like sunlight, in the current of his lines. Ambition's worshipper, in Cæsa's death, May see how mortal is mere Glory's breath— Great Julius, the unique, Earth's foremost man, Living thereby ev'n less than nature's span! And learn from Richard's spectre-haunted hour To loathe the ghastliness of Godless power! What sensualist, while thunders loud the page With falling Antony's majestic rage, But must with profit to himself deplore The fatal witcheries of the regal Whore! What princely spendthrift, seeing Timon's end, Shall yet not doubt the too - too flattering friend; Yet curse not, as indignantly he starts, The heartlessness of fashionable hearts; Thence to be prudent—and, though rich, the sure And generous helper of the struggling poor! What magisterial lecher but shall fear, Through Angelo, to be "less righteous than severe?" What husband viewing dark Othello's deed, But shall with caution, at the worst proceed; Lest, haply, a like madness he inherit, And wreck a Desdemona?—that rare spirit! The jewel of her sex! as chaste as light! Genial,—and yet, even like a star-clad night, So deeply lovely! so profoundly bright! Even Shylock's bond must show how soon or late, Contempt imperils in begetting hate-- Hate too self-sanctioned or to fear or pause, And raised—yea, half-ennobled by its cause! The sire may learn to curb that rival scorn, To point whose moral Juliet died forlorn, With noble Romeo—both in life's glad morn! The child be chastened by the filial tear Shed for the wrongs that maddened royal Lear: When, in the scenic agony, we find Distempered matter and distempered mind Brought as if face to face;--Tempest, and Grief Blacker than midnight, and past all relief! While swelling still the tragic terror—hark! How rage and rumble through the hollow-dark, Nature'e wild roar, and the yet wilder speech Of mightiest human woe,—each storming into each! But if, to loftier teaching disinclined, We would (as sometimes) mirth in all things find; Let Falstaff then be our companion fit, And wrap us in the mad delight of wit! Or let Malvolio (cross-gartered) show To what strange lengths all vanity may go! Or learn we, once for all, in Touchstone's school, How shrewed that knave is who can play the fool. Or does our mirth wax scornful? Pistol then Shall prove what scarecrows often rank as men, By dint of a big martialness of tone,— Loud like a drum's, from hollowness alone! Fiercens our mood? Another leaf shall yield Meet matter—storying some old battle field: With all its wrack of passion let at large, The gathering huddle—the close-thundering charge— The death-shrieks drowning in the exultant shout Of Victory, flooding like a deluge out! But, hating scenes of violence and crime, Would we to innocence devote the time? Behold how spotless from this world of guile Is she who waves us to yon Magic Isle,— Miranda,—lovely even to Caliban, That hag-born, lump-faced mockery of man! So crudely, self- betrayingly astute— The sin-sunk human birth-bound in the brute! With injured Virtue would we mingle tears? Lo Katherine, or Hermione, appears! Would we condole with lonely Love? O then, Behold that mortal angel—Imogen! With joyous Goodness thirst we to rejoice? Belmont is vocal with its Portia's voice! Would we be spiced with Lady-wit? One kiss, In fancy, from the bee-like Beatrice, (Stingingly sweet) have we the grace to snatch it, Shall make us Benedicts—and lo, we catch it! Comes o'er our hearts, as over the harp's strings Walks Music, full of dim memorial things, The sense of once-loved groves whence rise amain Memories of pleasures shadowing into Pain? In woody Arden then let's wander wild With buoyant Rosalind and Celia mild; Or with the melancholy Jaques complain How blind is Fortune, yet how worthless Gain; Gain or of gold or glory—both a jest! Or state—a solemn mockery at best! Then roam we on in thought to join afar Those princely revellers in green Navarre, Taking for joy's completeness in our round The shepherd-feast that glads Bohemian ground, To talk with Perdita of flowers,—from whose Rich-warbled words, as from a shower of dews, They borrow fresher sense and still diviner hues! Would we be solaced with a song? Sweet lays That breathe the innocence of olden days, Like drops of liquid gold, all through and through The glorious Volume sparkle into view! This theme thus musing, while the parting day Went through the West's engoldened gates away, By some wild stream in Austral woods apart, How oft I've said as to my listening heart: While "sweetest Shakspere, Fancy's darling child, Warbles for me his native woodnotes wild," Let others strive for wealth, or power,—and dwell In costly mansions—I can spare them well! C. HARPUR. 