-MELB3OURNE. K (IROM OUR OOWN. CORRoBPODS).r) 24th January, 1800. " Who will io returned in the third batch of elections Y" That is just now the all.absorbing question. Speculation already. runs high, and excitement will run still higher on'Monday. Lot us glanco down the. list, and detail the probabilities :-K{te and Levi are regarded as the " coming men" for: East Melbourne, thus giving one Minis.; torialist and one Opposition member. Black wood and Donovan seem to be in favour with the men of the western portion of the city.. Burt and Harbisoun, both Mintsterlalists, I are safe for North Melbourne. The Rich. monditec are confident of returning their two old members, Francis and Wardrop; Mr. Francis is, in fact, safe, but Mr. Wardrop is not so secure; Mr. Lang will take away manly votes, and Mr. Griffiths will assist in the operation. Collingwoodlhas six candidxtco for three seats.' I vopturo to predict tlhat they will be plhrcd somowhat as follows on the poll :-Dr, Emblieg,'ItReves, Edwards, Harkor, Jobon (Mr. eBory Is vir tually "out of the race," as he is a candidate beir fdorthe~turray- Boromghs-,where he st?ndsd-ai whi .far better chance than at Collingwood). Tie nati contest for third place will be a very clone ratl one, audit is just possible that Mr. Hlarker, nize though a Free-trader..will be returned. His e high .plersonal: character mand claims will the :ecure him veryf main votes, apart from his son political views. At moermld Hill the Minis- he trial candidate, Mr. Mason, is regardel as to I safe. At Sandridgo the contest between u' Messrs. D. Moore and W. H. Gresham will nor be hot.' The same remark applies to Wil- Mr liamstown ; but the impression there is that anr Mr. Verdon will be victor. At St. Kilda Wt the opposing camps are each alike confident lic of .victory; but the friends of tie Opio.- Die sition candidates (MIessra. Bonny and,9no*.' cat ball), aipear to have done all they can to de. thi Serve success, by energetic and systematic Au work. Itisalmostacertantytlthatthu Ministry by will lose one seant here, and probably that roe will ha the one recently heold by the lion. A. tui Michio. The HIon. Attorney-General will lea probably defeat Wilberforce Stephen at Brighton, and Cope will defeat Callaglum (a Inc Free-trader) for the East Boirke Borougoh. the Messrs. Foot and Heath will most 'likely At win at West Geolong, and Corcoran and re( Jones at Ballarat East; Vale and Cooper th will probably win in Ballarat W~est, and pr Duncan Gillies, one of the most rising and do useful men who ha sat in the lounse for he several sessions, will be ousted. - These are the probabilities, but in this case I hope I am may be mistaken. DMr. Ireland will succeed so i Mr. O'Shanassy in the representation of to Iiltmore. At kyneton that learned young gr Irishman, Myles Garrett Byrne, does not 1 stand the' ghost of a clmhance aginst R. B. L Tucker, the ohl and tried representative of be i the constituency. At Castloemaine the list of re S;candlidates is, as Purh says. "too lengthy (c S'for our space", indon ad Farrell are safe ; ol ~ but who will be the third man, whether bi Baillie, Carpenter, or Patterson, it is impos. le sible, even for "your own" to guess, What gi 1 an lla podrlda of candidates I - For Sand- of hurast tihe chances are that Mr. Howard will I r be defeated. He declines to canvas thie is- hb I trict. Having issued his address and met co the electors at two publio meetings, he a leaves the result in the hands of the as "free 'and independent ;" and that ro- hi suit -will probably be that he will hi be at the bottom of tie poll. iMr. Graham Berry will, it is believed, defeat Mr. P. cc HIanna, for the Murray Boroughs. Punch Jr facetiously announces that Mr. Berry "bhas di disturbed the harmony of the electors by at opposing their P.-Hfanun (piano) I" The cc chances of Mr. J. D. Wood, at Warrnambool, tI are not equal to those of -his opponent, Mr. in aW. Plummer. Mr. Aspinall will, it is almost certain, defeat the Rev. (1) David Blair, at at Portland. ' at I believe there is no good ground for the rumor that Mr. J. Theos. Smith, A.L.A., C will be nominated as Speaker of the now te Assembly.- ol The Hen. Mr. Haines, M.L.C., is still in a vi dancerous state. 'The health o the Ion. J. O'Shanassy has pi coneiderably improved. . There has been moro excitement today a amongst political circles in Melbourne, than tr on any day for a long time past. This is ft explicable on the ground of the reports ap-. pearing in the morning papers. The plain assertion without aiy equivocation. on the g I part of the Argua, that the recall of the r Governor was determined on in Novem Sber ; and the rebellion talked by a Minister of the Crown, at Richmond, constitute to gether enough at all events for one day's town talk. With regard to the former item, you will remember that I stated the fact dis o tincetly in my 'letter of the 111th inst., and Sthat the actual recall of the Governor was S'only withheld to give him the opportunity of f' forwnardingdocumentsand explanations which t F he promised by the next mail. This is con firmed by what fell from Mr. Francis, .last r w'iight, who said that the Governor had for- I e warded the petition of the Council by the t t Seotomber mail, but had withheld until the a following month his remarks upon it; and I although that gentleman says that the next i mail may bring a different sort of, dispatch, it still; even he does not expect it. I repeat c therefore what I stated last week, that the e recall of Sir Charles Darling may be eon. sidered certain. Here then .is a complete ' vindication of the Constitutional' party. e The bankers and holders of Victorian r Debentures, in London, waited upon Mr. c a Cardwell and pressed upon his attention e the injury done to their interests and'to the a credit of the colony by the violent doings of 0 the t'Culloch Ministry. 7'hiis has become 7 e only too manifest in the depreciated D value of our securities. The- ingenious but a 1 unconstitutional expedient of carryinogon the b a business of the country by means of an ac- ° commodating " Uncle.' The patriotic Brainm t well is of course, at an end ; antd until Par- t f liament again asqembles it is difficult to see a how the Ministry are going to meet the a demands upon the Treasury. : Thler is only ° a too much reason to fear that much inconve. ti \- nience and suffering will have to be endured a Sby the country before the current of its ti o faira can be restored to its legitimate chaos e nels. Rumors, predietiois and prophicies a I. abound today, but will only add that Mr. 0 t Francis' defiant languagetowaredsthbhomoau. it h thoritiesisregardedasmereinsolent "bounce," ro and that whatever fiscal changes may be de. t, termined upon by the colony, Mr. Francis n and his colleagues may rest assnred, that in 0 'futuro they. will be kept within the fourc a corners of the Constitution Act, in giving 10 effect to their ptrposes. y' The firt hnlf-yearly meeooting of the Gipps o- land Steam. Navigation Company, originaly I arranged to be held to-da (24th Jannary), d stands postponed till the 2bth inst. T SThe weather in Melbourne has been; fine \- and extremely warm during the last. few It days. The electioneering excitement inter. Stofres considerably with business. is It is understood that the alleged conspi a- racy. case at Daylesford will be re- inves. nd tigated. Strong representations have been a made to the lion. Minister of Justice on the a- subject. It must be remembered, however, )e that one of the accused, iMr. J. J . Wheeler, e- M.L.A., is a Ministerial supporter. b-. At the Police Court this morning, William as Baldwin and George Shield were charged r- with stealing fowls. The prisoners were -h seen by a man to go to the yard of a house b- in ?ntrobestreoet, whence they shortly came a out,' and .were going away when .one of n. them let a fowl escapo. Susaectiitg that Id n ty h stolen the fowls ho sed Shields, n when. Baldwin came baek with a stick and al attempted to rescue his companion.. It le. seeme. that Shields was the son of a re r spectable woman, who could not keep him from tihe company of Baldwin, who Iore a very bad character. The prisoners had taken Soff theirlboote to commit the robbery. Bald. win. was sent td the Reformatory for, two ,ers, and Shields was sentenced to twenty our hours'" imlirisonment. -Mary Choice, a respectablolookn yoounglwoman was cbarged 2nd with attemopting tocommitit suicide by thro -. e Ing hernef Queen's Whart into the Yarra. The accusedwas seen on the.pre. dy vious evening to throw herself from the il wharf and a young man jumped in and sue h eeded in bringing her to the side, whence nd she was drawn up.She was quite sober at the time. The prisoner, when asked what r.she had to say, replied, "I am guilty." She is: refused to state her reasons for the act. A k- wouman at whoso house she had resided at different times, gave her a respectablo caramctor. She had recently returned from Nowe Zcaland, where she had been in service. s, Sho kept eompauy with a respectable young h- man, but there did not appear to have beetr any quarrel betliocucin . She, did net drs nk, and the witness couild not coo ; jecturethocausoof thoattemph ThoBench; Ir. after some consultation decided an liberating il the prisoner on lier own recognizance in £20, not to repeat the offence anud Mhr Sturt di t rected the polic to lng the girl to his me ofice, in oncre that he might endeavor to to discover the cause of her eolduct aud get hlier as eelmission into some imtitistion. TIho manner s, of thel girl seoemed to Indlicate asything but 'ir-an intention ot not xepea~ltg is "offenc- .: 2 being moody, sullen and self-coceutcc-.., t Swhile her features expressed great detini- 1r nation. Under such cuJrnmitances, it so.emJ rather strange to accept the girl's, cu reeog. nizance for her own safety. nir Alfred Dickens, son ofi han. Dickens the celebrated writer, arrived in the colony v some months ago. It was thou rumored that v he was to have the appointm'ent of associate ce to Mr. Justice Barry. This turned out to be P unfounded, and Mr. Dickens accepted a tom porary appointment in the Argue ofice. M1r. Dickens has- now (from choice) accepted an engagement on a station in Now South Wales. The contrast between the early livea of the father and son is striking. Mr. Dickens, senior, reporting the midnight councils of the greatest iation ci earth,r and the son living in the enormous wilds of the Antipodes, in a now climate and surrounded by animals and Vegetation which are only read of at home; and possibly in riding one tume, which would be coiusiderid, to say the least of it, rather singular in iotton -ow. 'T'he Age toclday attempts, in a very clumsy manner to throw ridicule and discredit on the positive statement made in yesterday's Argue conceruninh the Governor's inevitable recal. The fact, owoever, remains unaltered, that the Imperial Government, the British press, and sagacious English statesmen, con. demn in the strongest terms the conduct of both the Governor and his advisers. By the steamer Albion, which arrived this morning, we have later dates from the southern ports of Now Zealand. The Can terbury Champion Raceo was the event of reatest importance noted. It was won by SBelle of the Isle, Stormnbird being second, and Ladybird (who was the favorite at the start) f being nowhere. The betting prior to the I race was as follows:-I- to 4 agst Ladybird (offered), 4 to 1 aget Otto, I to 1 agat Belle -of the Isle, 7 to 1 agst UnaI 8 to l-agst Storm r bird, 10 to 1 agat 1Hater, 50 to I agst Kath leon. Belle of the Isle, the winner of the Sgreat race, is by Malton (by Rifleman), out of Spray, and is the property of AM. W."11. 1 Harris. Stormbird, who ran second, is owned by the same gentleman, and ran third for the champion race last year. Dello of the Isle is a very lengthy race-lookhgg filly, not so dark as Stormbird, and a trifle lighter all over thani lhe is. There wsre three days' racing,- but I I have advices'only of the first. I The efforts of the Dunedin committee to colleet subscriptions in aid of the distressed SJews in Palestine, who are suffering from destitution and the plague, have been highly r successful. Over £250 has been already re ceived, and a draft for £225 will be forwarded this mail by the hon. see. to the London comn mittee. hMr. and MIrs Case (Grace Egerton) are now t at Dunedin, -ind aro.meticig.with a large acnount'of success. Vincent Pyke, Esq., well known in tihe Castlemaino and Sandhurst districts, appears v to be as active as ever in Otago. Amongst other things, he is R.W.P.G.M. of the Pro vincial Grand Lodge in New Zealand. The Otago gold~fields are reported to be a progressig towards a large development. A party of Chinese lhad reached Dunedin from y elbourne, intending to take a prospecting n tour in the interior, and should they report is favorably, a large numbler of their country i. men will probably join them. ' n There was an improved tone about business S enerally in the province, and capecially at ýcDunedin. 