To the Editor o f the 7asmanian Morning Heral l. . SiE,—It has affordei me pleasure to pereive (by an article in tbe *Mercury *) that hat redoubtable (would-be) champion of I lie rand Trunk, “ An Old Colouist,’’ is not Only till alive, hut that lie has entered the arena f public discussion,—although, from the vory aggard and ghost-like appearance be presented when last I saw him, I was almost inclined to flic belief that (like many other of our old colonists) he had passed over to ‘that bourne whence no traveller returns. And I can assure tbia “ Old Colionitt” that I haveibeen exposed to the danger of mistaking him for Edmund Hodgson, of Upper MacquBne- street, —so minutely_do their age.,and appearance correspond., They do<notappe«t to dwell one hundred miles apart. Aqd,if he wishes not to be stated at (as at present) as the gl^ost of Abstinence Total, he will (it advised by me) exercise more liberality in his diet, ana, if Deed be, (fot he is old; find' requires nourish' tnent,) partake of a moderate quantum of that fattening and spiriUstirring liquid—’ Wilson’s X X X . For, however great hi® stake may he,—that he boasted of in Jiia’.flret letter, — he does not appear to have afforded himself the enjoyment of many of,thy,good things of this world. . . Having given him this friendly advice,—for I hope we both write in good humot,—let us sow commence operstions, ( This old gentleman of modern ideas (arter having bestowed a tirade of accuBBtions against my much*reBpected friend, u O n whoBe short.flsdvconci«e letter is thought by many to contain more ratiopality, hifd as being better, adapted to the circum stances of the cfllony, than a quire of foolscap, if <crammed to overflowing) should it contain auch unwarrantable asseriions as ho has c »nirived to ‘thrust -into* liis’ letter^) inakea a ieebleistiempt to strettdiont his very.feeble and 6pec|rc like ^rm in a vain attempt t,o loy hold of roe. But XC|io assure iny,,opponent thiat It requires but small agility .to elude his graspi i*r6m the ienorof his letter, tac wishes me to infer thirttlie is a man of deep research ill in o’.olern molern ecicuce.' ecicnce." No*, to combat1a comDat a man mad ‘ot such extraordinary talaot as he wishes me to — believe -------- —be ... is, —I shall .-------- require - no more for- w midable a weapon than my trusty steel pen, which 1 hope will prove to he sharp and pointed. This “ Old Colonist” tells me that my ideas are antiquated, and that they do net correspond with tbo limes. In this remark I give him credit; for, if he will take a quiet walk into the City, .and hold converse wifi, the respectable shopkeepers, they will inform him that the times are miserably bad. And if lie speaks to others of less'cespcctability’ they will be more vulgar, and inform him that the tiroes are vtllaihons. Now, if his ideas are in unison with the times, (which, from iho senseless trash he has contrived to thrust into his totter, is net improbable,) tbejuare not only bad but valueless. The next statement this old man of modern ideas makes is, that 60,000 people will travel tooDdfrom Lauoetston yearly. As coming events cast their shudows before, I would re. commend this old gentleman to take a peep a, the books of that enterprising colonist, Mr Rage, of.coach pelebrity,.and I fear he will find that not more than a dozen a day can find any p etenre whatever for visiting our city, or vice versa. 'Hie. reason-is obviousthey may be viewed in Ihe light of two rival cities; both having tbe same-articles for saleatid both having to seek- a ‘ foreign msrket This progressive Colonist-of deep' research might just as well try. to make me bejiere thatigruat trade would spring., up between', two grocer’s chops OR opposite sides of as.reet Does he suppose the respectable citizens of the two cities will have roolTsn abundance of surplus cash, that they will be driven to their win’ end to know how to dispose of It arid that they will, as a doHiief resort, betake themselves Id plestui’e trips to and from Latin, ceston ? Having proved to every unbiassed mind chat no great amount - of passenger .traffic can be looked for between tbe two UIUBV, cities, a I im proceed irau ™ to «su4uue enquire nHere where Ute the Old oil gentleman of modern ideas intends to look for |jjs goods and produce trnjlic. For, in addition t0 tjle jn/mg places which he mentioned in his last letter, (assuming the proposed Line to pass in <ot hear the Main Road), he will look- in va n for support from Clarence or Muddy Plains, er'from the numerous'farms on the old Richmond Road, Neither cad he expect any auccour from either Richmond; Jerusalem, »' or Prn.,»r’« Prosser’s Pi.™, Plains, .for f . . the .a . ....... whole of their produce arrives either at Uisdon or Kangaroo Point. And noWj-having, I hope clearly shewn him, that the only ,pqaall and insignificant agricultural settlements from which a Main Riilway could look for support would be those of filenorqlty (which needs no’ rail, possessing as it does the fittest of roads), lackbruah ~ :----- .- -(which------ is only - a —few ----- miles from Bridgewater, where water carriage-avtaitsit), and some few dozen which might spring up in the Midland istricts. ‘Now, after having cut him off from nearly li><= -Bole of the ^utU .rn pa« of th0 island, I suppose be will betake himself to tbe North, where I can assure him a distressing picture will await his view. In vain' a ill be cast his wiatfui eyes over the rich agricul tura| districts of Norfolk Plains, Weatbury, yjt^ora;ne, or any of the farms in that ex* ensive.quarter.; lor foe sturiy .farmers jn t^use quarteis will.be likely jto say to him, ynu avaricious old Southener; we annot nfio'rd to cast our children's bread to ,jie dogs. We muBt bestow onr charity on oar ijn6i for ft wiU occupy a considerable portion of our time in greasing -tire wheeiB of ■Launceiton and Deloraine Trains, and this being ^ein„ done, we nave have some misgivings as to their continuing ' to run sm o o' th ly'' N"o w , I nJ)t profc6, t0 i>e deeply versed in science, ^ j (j0 profel9 to be conversant with com- m”0n sense, which he seems to be. lamentably j gc;ent 0f .Could progressive “ Old Colonist” form u)8 where this vast amount of pas-, \- ng „0J,]b traffic'is to spring from? , cannot afford to take tbia. Railway, LunaUcv diiit', without mie particle of ^ He further says, nothing animate or inanimate stands-stlll.' Oh 1 what deep re* rc], j .. ytut I would; in deference to tbia 1]enomenon 0£ the nioeteenth century, direct to p0jnt his vision towards that stupendous structure. Mount Wellington. And r„ foreign rt fromitsdi“rn8Ln-.li0^(/°l=ust™“ to our subject), he will discover “! if his eyes are not as dim as hiB ideas; that the mount is in the same position as it was forty years ago. ■This wonderful saga connsrilorimforms us, that tim ei hare wonk. derfully changed.. Qf tin? I haye.no doubt Our respectable are painfully a.^*!e: E I informaton and i'h e ' J ? aiunlar confuied idea*, he ^ u l point bimse.f out a. a fit andwproper subject for accna.u institution at New Norfolk, Whercss on the oilier band, I; should be sorry-to put forth any argument without producing proof postlive. Now M r IS liter, still offering you my earnest apology for having spuy 9W |fo« ot words to such a length, and hoping the • Hereto’ may enjoy many, many years of prosperity, and may ultimately prove to be the leading star of this, ®^r, While I remain, Your much obliged servant, Andbew Weight. 