The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. CHAPTER XIII.—CONTINUED. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; THE next morning Mr. Norman appeared to be still within the spell into which his own policy or Mr. Grind's sudden visit had thrust him. He sat alone in the little sitting-room he called his, leaning his aching brow on his hand. Writing materials lay before him, upon which he gazed with a weary look. At last, getting up languidly, he rang the bell, but even that he did with a weary and uncertain air, as though he had taken some new disgust at life which overpowered him. After some delay, Boots, in a grimy state, presented herself at the door. "Are the young ladies in, Boots ?" said Mr. Norman. "Ah," thought Boots to herself, as she took A leisurely survey of her questioner, "if there are any women in any house where you are, you can't bide very long without worriting, or aggravatin', or making love to 'em, can you ?" "Miss Agnes is gone down to the village, sir," Quite true. Miss Agnas was gone to be- leaguer the draper, to waylay the curate, and to encounter the doctor's boy, thereby endangering that yourg lad's life by the frenzied beating of his inexperienced heart when he saw her gracious presence approaching him through the mud. "And Miss Flora ?" "Miss Flora is engaged, sir. She's hearing Master Lionel's lessons." The emphasis on the word "engaged" did not escape Mr. Norman's ears. He smiled as he answered— "I doubt if the lessons are of very great consequence, Roots ; but, nevertheless, give my compliments to Mr. Woodford, and say that if Mrs. Woodford or Miss Flora can kindly write a letter for me, I shall be truly obliged, as I feel too ill to write myself this morning." "As if he didn't know," said Roots to herself as the shut the door with a snap, "that Miss Agnes is out, and missus always in her dressing- gown this time of the morning. He has set a trap for Miss Flora, the ould prowler !" Mr. Norman's message, delivered with a very ill grace, broke in upon Mr. and Mrs. Woodford's sad tete-a-tete as they dismally discussed their affairs, and sent the lady flying in pursuit of her daughter, who was forthwith despatched to obey its mandate. "You wish me to write a letter for you, Mr. Norman ?" said Fairy, leaning her small hand on the table between them as she stood oppo- site. "If you will forgive me," he answered, "for venturing to trouble you to perform a task which, perhaps, you may not like." "Surely I can have no dislike to write a letter for you," replied Fairy with a slight gesture of impatience. She took paper, pen, and ink, and placed them before her. "Will you dictate, Mr. Norman ?" "In a moment," he answered wearily. "The truth is, I am not well. I am feverish, and the pain here distracts me." He placed his hand on the wounded temple. Fairy looked up with quick sympathy. His flushed cheek and parched lips seemed to speak to the truth of his words. "Can I do anything for you, Mr. Norman, that would relieve the pain ?" she asked. "Would you ?" he cried, his eyes sparkling with pleasure—"would you really be so kind ?" "Certainly," answered Fairy, rising and com- ing towards him, "if you will tell me what I can do." "If you will remove the handkerchief, and bathe my forehead with the lotion, I think it would do me good." Fairy took the bottle from the chimney-piece, and poured the contents into the little china basin kept on the table for that purpose ; then with assured, untrembling fingers she undid the bandage and bared his brow. The cut was a bad one, and in spite of skilful doctoring, it looked bad to-day. "Does it hurt you much ?" asked Fairy gently, with her voice full of pity. "It will be better when you have bathed it," said Mr. Norman. He did not speak again ; he would not, by a word or a look, betray to the young girl who bent over him the fervid thoughts her presence roused. Her soft hand was on his brow, with a touch so gentle that it was easy to deem it tender. Her silken hair fanned his cheek, and her warm breath fell on his forehead. He felt as though he was dreaming, and he should thus like to dream on for ever. He watched her rounded arm as it moved to and fro in its kindly office, and longed to press his lips against it, but he restrained even the thought. He held his hands clasped closely together ; he dared not move, lest he should snatch her to his heart ; he dared not speak, lest he should break forth into passionate words. Many times had Fairy dipped the lint in the cooling mixture and applied it to his forehead before she ven- tured to say— "Are you better, and will that do now ?" "You are tired ?" answered Mr. Norman. "Oh, no ! I am not tired." She would have continued her task, but Mr. Norman himself stopped her. "Thank you ! I am much better. I could not think of troubling you any more," he said, laying his hand for an instant on her arm. It trembled, and the touch was so burning that Fairy shrank from it. An instant more and she was on the other side of that little table, which was like a sea of separation to him, and then he wished he had kept her a moment longer by his side. Oh that he had a right to make her linger there, with her soft hand on that fevered temple, which he felt now ached and throbbed more than ever, A fiery impatience to break down all the barriers that hindered her acceptances of his love pos- sessed him like a fever, but there breathed around Fairy such an atmosphere of innocence, and there shone in her child-like, unshrinking eyes such a depth of purity, that, all-enamoured as he was, he had scarcely dared to breathe while she hovered around him, lest he should destroy that innocent calmness which charmed while it subdued him. Without a blush or tremor, in pity and compassion only she had tended him, and his heart sank as he saw the simple, un- trembling composure with which sho performed her task. Tormenting himself with wonder as to how she would look if Philip Raynor were in his place, he did not see that she had seated herself at the table, and held the pen again in her hand. "Well, Mr. Norman," said Fairy, half smil- ing, "will you dictate your letter now ?" He started, and after a moment's thought dictated rapidly as follows :— "My dear Grind, —I am grieved I was too ill yesterday to see you. I imagine your busi- ness had reference to Mr. Woodford's affairs. I am happy to tell you that by an unexpected piece of good fortune that gentleman has been enabled to discharge a considerable portion of his debt to the bank. I inclose the money— £140 in Bank of England notes— which please hand to the cashier, and see that credit be given to Mr. Woodford for this sum in our account against him. I think we must now give him a fair time in which to pay the rest. "I am getting better, and shall soon be with you at work again. "Very faithfully yours, "LESLIE NORMAN." "Not a word of that is true, Mr. Norman," said Fairy putting down her pen hurriedly after writing the opening sentence. For answer he handed her a roll of notes, which he asked her to inclose in the letter, but she thrust them back with a trembling hand. "This is all your own money !" she ex- claimed ; "you have not received it from papa.'* "Miss Flora, you must let me do my own business my own way," replied Mr. Norman firmly. "Oh, Mr. Norman, papa can nerer repay you ! Indeed he never can ! And, besides, you are deceiving Mr. Grind." "Deceiving Mr. Grind !" There was some- thing in that idea which made Mr. Norman smile, and change his face strangely. "Never fear, Miss Flora," he said ; "that acute guar- dian of the bank knows quite well what he is about and if his rich partner chooses to diminish his private account by such vagaries as this, what is it to him ?" "But what will he think ? what will he say ?" cried Fairy, clasping her hands. "It matters very little what he thinks," ob- served Mr. Norman ; "this is an affair of my own, and I have a right to explain it to him as I please. You say I shall never be repaid, and I must not do this. I tell you what I must not do— I must not see the last days of a dying man harassed by such cares as these." "Oh, not dying ! you do not think papa is dying !" interrupted Fairy, starting up. Mr. Norman bent his head sadly without replying, and Fairy sat down again, and hid her face in her hands, as he recommenced speaking. "You must accept this from me, Miss Fairy, for although it may be true the repayment is impossible, I cannot permit the last few painful months of your father's life to be spent in a prison ; I cannot let his children gather round his bed there, or his wife close his eyes in the shadow of a gaol ; and, remember, all this would be done in my name, or in the name of the firm but I should feel the odium, and the pain would rest with me, and I can only prevent it by this course. Say you are satisfied and you feel I am right Say you are glad that I should do it." Mr. Norman bent towards her imploringly ; and his voice shook. "Papa is so ill," faltered Fairy," that I dare not refuse your generous sacrifice. But oh, Mr. Norman, how can we repay you ?" "You can repay me," he answered quickly. "Be my friend, frankly and trustfully my friend ; cease to suspect and distrust me. I only ask simply to be believed, surely that is not much." He went on more vehemently— "A hundred times a day you pain me by your disbelief. Pain me no more, but try to think me not altogether false and worthless. I will show you that I can keep a promise— I will never speak to you of love— do you believe me ?" "Yes, yes," murmured Fairy in great confu- sion. "And you will be my friend— for your father's sake ?" he added, holding out his hand. Fairy's hand obeyed his silent behest, and lay trembling in his as he held it with a gentle but firm clasp. "You owe me this reparation for your in- justice," he said. "But I am proud that you trust me at last. You repay me a thousandfold by one moment's trust like this." "It is for my father both to repay and thank you, Mr. Norman," replied Fairy. "I feel I cannot." "Thanks would but pain me," he answered. "Burn this for me, and let us say no more on the subject." A bit of paper fluttered in his disengaged hand. It was the dishonoured bill whose ghost had haunted the house for so many days— the bill he had refused to renew, the bill on which Mr. Grind had threatened such death and destruction. Fairy's eyes filled with tears. "I will not burn it," she said. "I know no- thing of law, but perhaps I should be destroying your means of proving this debt." Mr. Norman smiled, as, stepping before her, he laid the paper quietly on the fire himself. Then drawing Fairy a little nearer to him, he said earnestly— "I will not ask you a favour in return for this until I have assured you that I honour you from my soul for your noble constancy to a poor man. Now, having said this, you will not mis- understand me when I say you will let me call you Fairy ?" Startled, she drew back, and did not answer. It was Philip who had bestowed this name on her in childhood, and, beyond her own family, he was the sole person privileged to use it. She felt how it would vex him to hear it from Mr. Norman's lips, and she turned away silent and confused. He gazed at her for one moment eagerly, then, relinquishing her hand, rose and paced the room. "You repel all kindness from me," he cried passionately. "You regard me with suspicious dislike, even at the moment you believe you owe me gratitude"— he glanced at the fire, where the ashes of that worthless bit of stamped paper fluttered like a reproach— "and I do not ask for gratitude, I ask for trust. I have said before, I entreat simply to be believed when I speak. Now what have I done to frighten you into a second mistrust ? I demand only the commonest privilege of friendship— to call you by your name, that is all. If I cannot be trusted with this slight boon, I am not worthy to remain under the same roof with you. I will bid your father farewell to-day." "You are cruel, Mr. Norman," replied Fairy. "You are unjust to me and to yourself." "It is you who are unjust," he returned hotly. "By your ill opinion of me, you refuse me hospitality even in sickness. Think better of me as your father's friend if you will not permit me to be your own." He had come close to her, and, resting his arm on the chimney-piece, bent his tall figure over her as he spoke. Fairy shrank a little, but still she did not move. "Am I to go ?" he said more gently. "You cannot think of going, Mr. Norman— you are far too ill," she exclaimed. "I go— unless you accord me the slight privi- lege I have asked." Fairy, much distressed, was about to interrupt him, but he stopped her. "Wait," he said, "till I explain why I am so earnest. I could call you by your name if I chose, and your father and mother would only be pleased, but I prefer to receive the permis- sion from yourself, as a proof that you consider me worthy of your friendship. This, then, has become to me a test of your esteem. And if you refuse, I can only conclude that you hold me as altogether false and worthless. In that case I cannot remain here." "I hold no such opinion," cried Fairy, much hurt. "Prove it to me, then"— he held out his hand again— "may I say Fairy ?" Once more her slight fingers lay tremblingly in his as she said "Yes," in a timid voice. Then he drew her gently towards him, stooped and kissed her brow, and Fairy dared not feel vexed. "Will you go and tell your father," he mur- mured as his eyes devoured her burning cheeks and downcast lashes, "that I have written to Mr. Grind ? That is a pleasure I will give no one but you." Longing to release her hand from the burn- ing touch of his, which seemed to fever even her very arm, Fairy answered hurriedly that she would go. And with quivering lips, and eyes brimful of strange indignant tears, she es- caped, as, with lingering pressure of his palm and a glance of triumph, he let her go. Her face had changed to a deathly white as she entered her father's room, and standing shrinkingly in the shadow of the door, told in a few words the tale of Mr. Norman's generous aid. "My dear," said Mr. Woodford, looking down, and avoiding even a glance at her pale face, "if this kindness has been shown to my misfortunes through any interposition of yours, I hope you understand that I am grateful. "Not to me ! Oh ! not to me, papa ! Do not speak of gratitude to me !" "But I must, my dear child," persisted Mr. Woodford, "when I feel that I owe you, per- haps, my life." "Nonsense !" interposed Mrs. Woodford, "Fairy has had nothing to do with this matter. It is very little she cares what happens to you, prison or no prison, so she has her own selfish way. This kindness has come entirely from Mr. Norman's own generous heart. I always said he was an angeL" Fairy escaped to her own room pursued by the cloud of her mother's unkindness and the pain of her father's gratitude, and, locking the door, she flung herself on the bed, and, burying her face in the pillows, tried to shut out from her brain the sound of Mr. Norman's voice and the remembrance of Mr. Norman's kiss. [TO BE CONTINUED IN OUR NEXT.] 