ARMADALE. BY WILKIE, OOLLINS. BOOK THE FOURTHI.-CHAPTER III. Tie Dieiry Broken off NOVEMBER 24th.-The doctor has said yes, as I supposed; but on terms which I never anticipated. The condition on which I have secured his services amounts to nothing less than the payment to him, on my stepping into the place of Armadale's widow, of half my first year's income-in other words, six hundred pounds ! I protested against this extortionate demand in every way I could think of. All to no purpose. The doctor met me with the most engaging fiankness. Nothing, lie said, but the accidental embarrassment of his position at the present time would have induced him to mix himself up in the matter at all. He would honestly confess that he had exhausted his own resources, and the resources of other persons whom he described as his backers, in the purchase and completion of the Sana torium. Under those circumstances, six hundred pounds in prospect was an object to * him. For that sum he would run the serious risk of advising and assisting me. .Not a farthing less would tempt him-and there he left it, with his best and friendliest wishes, in my hands! It ended in the only way in which it could end. I had no choice but to accept the terms and to let the doctor settle things on * the spot as he pleased. The arrangement once made between us, I must do him the justice to say that he showed no disposition to let the grass grow under his feet. He called briskly for pen, ink, and paper, and suggested opening the campaign at Thorpe. Ambrose by to-night's post. We agreed on a form of letter which I wrote, and which he copied on the spot. I entered into no particulars at starting. I simply asserted that I was the widow of the deceased Mr. Armadale; that I had been pri vately married to him; that I had returned to England on his sailing in the yacht from Naples; and that I begged to enclose a copy of my marriage-certificate, as a matter of form with whidr I presumed it was customary to comply. The letter was addressed to " the Representativep?baf the late Allan Armadale, Esq., Thorpe-Arnircse, Norfolk." And the doctor himself carried it away, and put it in the post. I am not so excited nRid impatient for results as I expected to be, now that the first step is taken. The thought of Midwinter haunts me like a ghost,. I hare been writing to him again-as before, to keep up appear ances. It will be my last letter, I think. My courage feels shaken, my spirits get de pressed, when my thoughts go back to Turin. I am no more capable of facing the considera tion of Midwinter at this moment than I was in the bygone time. The day of reckoning with him, once distant and doubtful, is a day that may come to me now I know not bow soon. And here I am, trusting myself blindly to the chapter of accidents still ! November 25th.-At two o'clock to-day the doctor called again by appointment. He has been to his lawyers (of course without taking them into our confidence) to put the case simply of proving my marriage. The result confirms what he has already told me. The pivot on which the whole matter will turn, if my claim is disputed, will be the question of identity; and it may be necessary for- the witness to make his declaration in the magistrates' presence before the week is out. • In this position of affairs, the doctor thinks it important that we should be within easy reach of each other, and proposes to find a quiet lodging for me in his nighbourhood. I am quite willing to go anywhere-for, among the other strange fancies that have got pos session of me, I have an idea that I shall feel more completely loast to Midwinter if I move out of the neighbourhood in which his letters 'are addressed to me. I was awake and thinking of him again last night. This mornincr I have finally decided to write to him no more. After staving half an hour, the doctor left me-having first inquired whether I would like to accompany him to Hampstead to look for lodgings. I informed him that I had some business of my own which would keep me in London. He inquired what the busi ness was. "You will see," I said, ': to morrow or next day." I had a moment's nervous trembling when I was by myself again. My business in Lon. don, besides being a serious business in a woman's eyes, took my mind back to Mid winter in spite of me. The prospect of re moving to my new lodging had reminded me of the necessity of dressing in my new cha racter. The time had come now for getting my widow's weeds My first proceeding, after putting my bonnet on, was to provide myself with money. I got what I wanted to fit me out for the character of Armadale's widow, by nothing less than the sale of Armadale's own present Sto me on my marriage-the ruby ring! It proved to be a more valuable jewel than I had supposed. I am likely to be spared all money anxieties for some time to come. On leaving the jeweller's I went to the great mourning shop in Regent.street. In four-and- twenty hours (if I can give them no more) they have engaged to dress me in my widow's costume from head to foot. I had another feverish moment when I left the shop; and by way of further excitement on this agitating day, I found a srprise in store for me on my return to the hotel. An elderly gentleman was announced to be waiting to see me, I opened my sitting-room door-and there was old Uasahwood ! Il Ie l 111( gt mly I~tette' that ienrntnlf nti hadt Heltortedle Let Ilertiu by 1I, rl nxt t roil to enewet· tt illn i'r'. I eeieel rlrctl 0 gteetll trl Iol Iill) tilebt I. leell eevtItlIIY riot i!X eteteetitlt I (Ileletol it tlelttt't'tll ateI1 Ifti' i te tail·~ t'tjt(IeeeI. )II~ ltei,/l~ o il giteitie tutu juice1.llll l)II iI eg it Cit) toy1; ull er et tuu I t ') I ttIII ':':· ~ I)I I1 )Iletllt el l itit I t JO) i ttottlll l httia)( I tt J(( eii`·t "ttl 1111 ti11(11111 tutyall~ r Ij{It wil lultit ut itt tItur I t~l$ iilr YlJIIII IIi wj jjtju y iiirrr uti C ·lM'MM Y)J ·iV4WM"i ::·ii ecstasy, and answering ill the questions I put to him like a good little child. Here is his eccount of affairs at Thorpe Ambrose, as I gently extracted it from him bit by bit: In the first place, the news of Armadale's death has reached Miss Milroy. It has so completely overwhelmed her that her father has been compelled to remove her from the school. She is back at the cottage, and the doctor is in daily attendance. D)o.I pity her? Yes! I pity her exactly as much as she once pitied me! In the next place, the state of affairs at the great house, which I expected to find some difficulty in comprehending, turns out to be quite intelligible, and certainly not dis couraging so far. Only yesterday, the law yers on both sides came to an understanding. Mr. Darch (the family solicitor of the B3lanchards, and Armadale's bitterest enemy in past times) represents the interests of Miss Blanchard, who (in the absence of any male heir) is next heir to the estate, and who has, it appears, been in London for some time past. Mr. Smart, of Norwich (originally employed to overlook Bashwood), represents the de ceased Armadale. And this is what the two lawyers have settled lbetwen them. Mr. Darch, acting for Miss Blanchard, has claimed the possession of the estate and the right of receiving the rents at the" Christmas audit in her name.' Mr. Smart, on his side, has admitted that there is great weight in the family solicitor's application. He cannot see his way, as things are now, to contesting the question of Armadale'5 death, and be will consent to offer no resistance to the applica tion, if Mr. Darch will consent, on his side, to assume the responsibility of taking possession in Miss Blancllard's nme. This Mr. Darch has already done; and the estate is now vir tually in Miss Blanchard's possession. One result of this course of proceeding will be (as Bashwood thinks) to put Mr. Darch in the position of the person who really decides on my claim to the widow's place and the widow's money. The income being charged on the estate, it must come out of Miss Blanchard's pocket; and the question of paying it would appear therefore to be a question for Miss Blannchrd's lawyer. To morrow will probably decide whether this view is the right one-for my letter to Arma. dale's representatives will have been delivered at the great house this morning. So much for what old Bashwood had to tell me. Having recovered my influence over him, and possessed myself of all his in formation so far, thie next thing to consider was the right use to turn him to in the fulture. He was entirely at my disposal, for his place at the steward's office has already been taken by Miss Blanchard's man of business, and he pleaded hard to be allowed to stay and serve my interests in London. There would not have been the least danger in letting him stay, for I had, as a matter of course, left him undisturbed in his conviction that I really am the widow of Armadale of Thorpe-Ambrose. But with the doctor's resources at my com mand, I wanted no assistance of any sort in London; and it occurred to me that I might make Bashwood more useful by sending him back to Norfolk to watch events there in my interests. He looked sorely disappointed (having had an eye evidently to paying his court to me in my widowed condition!) when' I told him of the conclusion at which I had arrived. But a few words of persuasion, and a modest hint that he might cherish hopes in the future if he served me obediently in the present, did wonders in reconciling him to the necessity of meeting my wishes. [e asked helplessly for instructions when it was time for him to leave me and travel back by the evening train. I could give him none, for I had no idea as yet of what tile legal people might or might not do. " But suppose something happens," he persisted, " that I don't understand, what am I to do so far away from you?" I could only give him one answer. "Do nothing," 1 said. "What ever it is, hold your tongue about it, and write, or come up to London immediately to consult me." With those parting directions, and with an understanding that we were to correspond regularly, I let him kiss my hand, and sent him off to the train. Now that I am alone again, and able to think calmly of the interview between me and my elderly admirer I find myself recalling a certain change in old Bashwood's manner which puzzled me at-the time, and which puzzles me still. Even in his first moments of agitation at seeing me, I thought that his eyes rested on my face with a new kind of interest while I was speaking to him. Besides this he dropped a word or two afterwards, in telling me of his lonely life at Thorpe-Ambrose, which seemed to imply that he had been sus .tained in his solitude by a feeling of con fidence about his future relations with me when we next met. If he had been a younger and a bolder man (and if any such discovery had been possible), I should almost have suspected him of having found out some thing about my past life which had made him privately confident of controlling me, if I showed any disposition to deceive and desert him again. But such an idea as this in con nection with old Bashwood is simply absurd. Perhaps 1 am o'ver-excited by the suspense and anxiety of my present position? Per haps the merest fancies anti suspicions are leading me astray ? Let this he as it may, I have at ayv rate more serious subjects tlhan the subijec of old Bashwood to occupy tme now. To-morrow's post may tell nme what Armtuadle'o rtepesen tatives think of the claim of Armadulo's widow. Novembneri Ot6h.-The ansenr has arrivod thise mrinig in the forth (ee IBaslwne~l silp. 11110d) of it laitto from Mr. Deich. 1Th0 erelbllbd old laIwyer' eeenoe'lldgie my lItter in: thri ee los ]heldr1, Ile tattio any elops, or iiXlllilII Iii lhisih11 lly 1 11 11 0 IpIl le t 1h s Voi lulm i h wa t Irvlllur l i rofdenftityer lo I ii li thel nvioere, of Iwo u'epIi',II -..j -I li I hoteI ' 0111 wili o; liidy ifter la' )~ l ii twJvlly t lhat iiiia l i wsN1 Innleln for me withi twenty tnhl tea' wllsl~ llljupi hi)1 All-, Ilnrrrlwurp lhlth t lO o ltoiunl i itwn lit Jnueif) O l yurx 11111 amnº nnl llrnin IIu nney 'tll; iiinub fill) yyn~l w1vl m yr1º i 1u l jlll u 0 $Q '!'Illy it III Iu i lY)Zia JVI9 tYur To-morrow will bring with it events of greater interest-for to-morrow the doctor is to. make his declaration before the magistrate, and to morrow I am to move to my new lodging in widow's weeds. November 27th.-Fairweather VYlle Villas. -The declaration has boon made, with all the necessary formalities. And I have taken possession, in my widow's costume, of my new rooms. .I ought to be excited by the opening of this new act in. tie drama, and the venture some part that I am playing in it myself. Strange to say I am quiet and depressed. The thought of Midwinter has followed me to my new abode, and is pressing on me heavily at this moment. I have no fear of any acci dent happening in the interval that must still pass before I step publicly into the place of Armadale's widow. lBut when that time comes, and when Midwinter finds me (as sooner or later.find me lie must!) figuring in my tllse character, and settled in the position that I have usurped-then, I ask myself, what will happen? The answer still comes as it first came to me this morning, when I put on my widow's dress. Now, as then, the presentiment is fixed in my mind that he will kill me. If it was not too late to draw back \- Absurd ! I shall shut up my journal. November 28th.-The lawyers have heard from Mr. Darchlr, and have sent him the declaration by return of post. When the doctor brought me this news, I asked him whether his lawyers were aware of my present address; and, finding that lie had not yet mentioned it to them, I begged that he would continue to keep it a secret for the future. The doctor laughed. "Are you afraid of Mr. Darch's stealing a march on us and coming to attack you personally?" he asked. I accepted the. imputation, as the easiest way of making him comply with my request. "Yes," I said, "I am afraid of Mr. Darch." My spirits have risen since the doctor left me. There is a pleasant sensation of security in feeling that no strangers are in possession of my address. I am easy enough in my mind to day to notice how wonderfully well I look in my widow's weeds, and to make my self agreeable to the people of the house. Midwinter disturbed me a little again last night; but I have got over the ghastly delusion which possessed me yesterday. I know better now than to dread violence from him when he discovers what I have rdone. And there is still less fear of his stooping to assert his claim to a woman who has practised on him such a deception as mine. The one serious trial that I shall be put to when the day of reckoning comes will be the trial of preserving my false character in his presence. I shall be safe in his loathing and contempt for me, after that. On the day when I have denied him to his face I shall have seen the last of him for ever. Shall I be able to deny him to his face? Shall I be able to look at him and speak to him as if lie had never been more-to me than a friend ? How' do I know till the time comes? Was there ever such an infatuated fool as I am, to be writing of him at all, when writing only encourages me to think of him ? I will make a new resolution. From this time forth his name shall appear no more in these pages. Monday, December 1st.-The last month of the worn-out old year eighteen hundred and fifty-one! If I allowed myself to look back, what a miserable year' I should see added to all the other miserable years that are gone! But I have made my resolution to look forward only, and I mean to keep it. I have nothing to record of the last two days, except that on the twenty-ninth I re membered Bashwood, and wrote to tell him of my new address. This morning the lawyers heard again from Mr. Darch. Hle acknow ledges thie receipt of the declaration, but post pones stating the decision at which he has arrived until he has communicated with the trustees under the late Mr. Blanchard's will, and has received his final instructions fiom his client, Miss Blanchard. The doctor's lawyer's declare that this last letter is a mere device for gaining time--with what object they are of course not in a position to guess. The doctor himself says, facetiously, it is the usual lawyer's object of making a long bill. My own idea is that Mr. Darch has his suspicions of something wrong, and that his purpose in trying to gain time-. Ten at night.-I had written as far as that last unfinished sentence (towards four in the afternoon) when I was startled by hearing a cab drive up to the door. I went to the window, and got there just in time to see old Bashwood getting out with an activity of which I should never have supposed him capable. So little did I anticipate the tre mendous discovery that was going to burst on me in another minute, I turned to the glass and wondered what the susceptible old gentle man would say to me in my widow's cap. The instant he entered the room, I saw that some serious disaster had happened. His eyes were wild, his wig was awry. He ap proached me with a strange mixture of eager ness and dismay. "I've done as you told me," he whispered breathlessly. "I've held my tongue about it, and come straight to you! " IHe caughut me by the hand before I could speak, with a boldness quite new in my experience of him? "Oh, how can I break it to you!" he burst out. "I'm beside myself when I think of it!" " When you can speak," I said, putting him into a chair, "speak out. I see in your face that you bring mtoe news I don't look for from Thor'pe- Ambrose." IIe put his hand into the breast-pocket of his coat andi drew out a hEtter. lie looked at the lotter and looked at ime. " Now-now noews you don't look for,'" lie tstinlm'reds " but not from Thorpe-Ambronse ! " " Not from 'nThorpo-Amslro?s!"l t . No i, 'io the i t on? "' 'l'hi first slitwnitg of thim truth lirokain oit te it these wards, I couslus't spolnk-l could ',uily ihiI oat ,5 y hI dl to hii m i Ir i the ltter, Ili still sbrnkil from givi ng it It iun, t1 I rit in't I I l s isi't I''l h iu sld hi hihmself vaintlyl, " T'i lhiosnl of, it mlight hi tihe dnull+ of 11r'," I liathm hisd the f 'll 'r (nis hins, Isn glalni iathll wl l bit n thi addt'lrs s wts nleu?g l,, Iily h, ,ls ltll l 1M hi, Ih hillat+ iilig ss into Mnnuel's hands. Twice I bad set the deadly snare for him, aend twice Armadale had escaped me ! I came to my sense of outward things again and found Bashwood on his knees at my fiot, crying. " Youlook angry," lihe murmured helplessly. "Are you angry with me? O, if you only knew what hopes I had when we last saw each other, and how cruelly that letter has dashed them all to the ground !" I put the miserablq old creature back from me-but very gently. "Hush !" I said. "Don't distress me. I want composure-I want to reoad the letter." Heo went away submissively to the other end of the room. As soon as my eye was off his, I heard him sany to himself, with impotent malignity, ' if the sea had been of mind, the sea would have drowned him ! " One by one, I slowly opened the folds of the letter; feeling, while I did so, the strangest incapability of fixing my attention on the very lines that I was burning to read. Buit why dwell any longer on sensations which I can't describe? It will be more to the purpose if I place the letter itself, for future r~eference, on this page of my journal. Fiame, Illyria, November 21st, 1851. Mr. BAssnwoon,-lTh address I date from will surprise you-and you will be more surprised still when you hear how it is that I come to write to you from a port on the Adriatic Sea. I have been the victim of a rameally attempt at robbery and murder. The robhbery has succeeded; and it is only through the mercy of God that the murder did not succeed too. I hired a yacht rather more than a month ago at Naples; and sailed (I am glad to think now) without any friend with me, for Messina. From Messina I went for a cruise in the Adriatic. Two days out, we were caught in a storm. Storms get up in a hurry, and go down in a hurry, in those parts. The vessel behaved nobly-I deelere I feel the tears Inm my eyes now when I think of her at the bottom of the seal Towards sunset it began to moderate; and by midnight, except for a long smootll swell, the sea was as quiet as need be. I went below, a little tired (having helped in working the yacht while the gale lasted), and Ibll asleep in five minutes. About two hours after I was woke by something falling into my cabin through a chink of the ventilator in the upper part of the door. I jumped up, and found a bit of paper with a key wrapped in it, and with writing on the inner side, in a hand which it was not very easy to read. Up to this time I had not the ghost of a suspicion that I was alone at sea with a gang of murderous vagabonds (excepting ono only) who would stick at nothing. 1 had got on very well with my sailing master (thoe worst scoundrel of the lot), and better still with his Pnglish mate. The sailors hoeing all foreigners, 1 had very little to say to. They did their work, and no quarrels and nothing unpleasant happened. If anybody had told me, before I went to bed on the night of the storm, that the sailing-master and the crew and the mate (who had behen no better than the rest of them at starting) were all in a conspiracy to rob me of the money I had on board, and then to drown me in my own vessel after wards, I should have laughed in his face. Just remember that; and then fancy for yourself (for I'm eure I can't toll you) what I must have thought when I openedl the paper round the key, and read what I now copy (from the mate's writing) as followns: "Sir,--Stuy in your hod till you hear a bout shbvo off from the sntarboard sde --or you are a dead mao. Your money is stolen; and in five minutes' time your yacht will be scuttled, and the cabin-hatch willbenailed down on you. Dead men tell no talns, anl the sailing-master'o notion is to leave proofs afloat that the vessel has lfounoderoed with all on board. It was his doing to begin with, and we were all in it. I can't find it in my hieart not to give yout a chance for your life. It's a bad chianee, but I can do no more. I should be murdered myself if I didn't seuem to go willth the rest. The key of your cabin door is thrown back to you, inside this. Don't he alarmed when you hear tile hlammer above. I shall dolit, and I slhall have short nalls in my hand as well as long, and use the sholrt ones only. Wait till you hear the boat with all of us shove off, and then prize up the cabin-hatochl with your hback. The vessel will float a quarter of an hour after the holes are bored in iher. Slip into tihe sea os the port side, and keep the vessel between you and the boat. You will find plenty of loose lumber, wrenched away on purpose, drifting about to lhoild otshy. It's a fine night anti o smooth sea, andi there's a chance that a ship may pick you up while there's life left in you. Ican do no more.-Yours truly, J. M." As I came to those last words, T heard the ham mering down of the hatch over my head. I don't stuppose I'm more of a coward than most people but there was a moment when the sweat poured down me like rain. I got to be my own man again hufore the hammering was done, and founil myself thinking of somelotdy very dear to me in England.. I said to myself, "I'll have atry for my life, fur her sake, though the chlances are dead against me." I put a letter from that person I have mentioned into one of the stoppered bottles of my dressing-case a-long witn tihe mate's warning, in case I lived to see him again. I hung this and a flasik of whisky, in a sling rouid my ineck-sand, after first dressing myself in my confusion, thought better of it, asd striplped again, for swimmning, to my shirt anid drawors. By tile time I had done that the htmnmer ing was over, and there was such a silence that I could hear the water buobbling into the scuttled vessel amidships. The next noise was tihe noise of tii e boat andi the villains in her(always excepting my friotend the mate) shoving olF from tihe starboard side. I waited for the splash of the oars in the water, and then got my back undler thie hatch. The mate hadl Itopt his promise. I lifted it easily--crept across tihe deck, under cover of the bulwaritst ott all fours-andt slipped ilto the sea on the port side. Lots of things were fioating about. I took the first thing I canio to-a hencoop--ald siwamI away withl it about a couple of hundred yarlds, keeping the yacht hetween me andi the host. IIaving got lthait distance, I was seized with a shivering fit, and I stppied (feauring the cramp next) to take a toll at my Ilask. WVen I lhad closedl the llaik again I turnedl foi a maomout to lookl back, and saw the yachlt in the oact of sitkintg. In a mitute more there was nothing betwoeen me and the toat but the pieces of wreck that had been pur. posely thrown out to float. The moon was shining; and, if they had had a glass in the bhoo, I bliervo they might have seen my head, though I carefully kept the honcoop between me and them. As it was they laid on their oars; and I heard loud voices among them disputing. After what sceaned an age to me, I discovered what the dispute was about. The boat's hIead was suddenly turned my way. Some cleverer scoundrel than thie rest (tsie sailing.master, I dare say), hadu evidently per suadod them to row back over the place where the yacht had gone dlown, and make quite curo that I had gone dwnw with her. They were more than hulf-way across the distance that separateld its, anil I lad given ruyself up for lost, whenol I hleardl a cry from one of thoei, anil saw the lboat's progres sudldenly cheklied. In a minute or t o Inore the boat's head was tirned again; atlll tlhey rowdi straight away from mo like men rowing foe thetir lint's. I lookled onu ottne side, towards the land, and saw iothtltg. I lUIooked on tthe other, towards thel sea, sitd dliesvered what the boat's crew lhad diseiov re.d bulbro mo-a sail lit tle distllane, grtwitig lstesaull brighter anll bgerail l is the mtonaollgllt the ilonger I lookIted at It. In a luarrlr of aso hor more theIII usiet slo w lthlln hull of toe, satud the crew had gut itie tlt IstuoDshl tl?vlreIli r Illr J ?slli m I l wfsd llis lustad wit sfit I', eliering lls elinl wise snrisi fisiiw, Tlhsv wesesl hJitil ilttl rItt On, I hes ttili iit hut I wsIw Iii 00 bllq 11 tlllltt)( !tll~ly II ltllr~ ?fil rl, lt,) I!?~u ! ?* IttLJ, Sli p, 5 Iisltfl l hl i )I ssisl i, sulith Ih i ll ? esit ?s itlilg Il a In 1ors afrf t is l l?l ahs ls I l VlJrmllI ' wrr au thingl uIvrly tisll o tif'n Solsa is isi fil lVu's his Wise 0llr )ilflllus Isonlu, YW~i Mvu~ s~eM k JI 4 ieIu~rprv,l 4~31ih5, to travel in a week's time from this. IFI ca catch the mail at Trieste, and stand the fatigue, I shall ho hnck again at Thorpe-Amhroso in a week or ten days at mol t after you got my letter. You will agree with me theit it is a terrib)ly long letler. tut I can't help that. I seem to have lost amy old knack at put tilng thing short and finishing on the first page. Slowover, I im near the endiI now-for I have nothing left to mention but the reason why I write about what hasl hnopened to me, instead of waiting till I get. home andi telling it all by word of month. I funoy my heod is still muddled by my illness. At any rate, it only struck 'me this morning that there is barely a chance of some vessel having passed the place where the yacht foundered, and having picked tip the furniture and other things wrenched out of her antd left to float. Some false report of my being drownied may, in thal case.l ave reached Eng land. If this has happened (which I hope to God may lie anl unfounded fear on imy part), go directly to Major Milroy at the cottage. Show him this let ter-I have written it quite as much for his eyes as for yours-and then give him the enclosed note, and ask him if he doesn't think the circumstances justify me in hoping he will send it to Miss Milroy. I can't explain why I don't write directly to the major, or to Iliss Mlilroy, instead of to you. I can only say there are considerations I am bound in honour to respect, which oblige me to oct in this roundanout way, I don't ask you to answer this-for I shall be on my way home, I hope, long before your letter could reach mo in this out-of-the-way place. Whatever you do, don't lose a moment in going to Major Milroy. Go, on second thoughts, whether the loss of the yacht is known in England or not. Yours truly, ALLAN ARnlADALE. I looked up when I hld come to the end of the letter, and seaw, for the first time, that Bashwood had left his chair and had placed himself opposite to me. He was intently studying my face, with the inquiring ex-. pression of a man who was trying to read my thoughts. His eyes fell guiltily when they met mine, and he shrank away to his chair. Believing, as he did, that I was really married to Armadadale was he trying to discover whether the news of Armadale's rescue from the sea was good news or bad news, in my estimation? It was no time then for entering into explanations with him. The first thing to be done was to communicate instantly with the doctor. I called Bashwood back to me and gave him my hand. "'You have done me a service," I said, " which makes us closer friends than ever. I shall say more about this, and about other I matters of some interest to both of us, later in the day. I want you now to lend me Mr. Armadale's letter (which I promise to bring back) and to wait here till I return. Will you do that for me, Mr. Bashwood ? " He would do anything I asked him, he said. I went into the bedroom, and put on my bonnet and shawl. "Let me be quite sure of the facts before I leave you," I resumed, when I was quite ready to go out. "You have not shown this letter to anybody but me?" "Not a living soul'has seen it but our two selves." " What have you done with the note en closed to Miss Milroy ?" He produced it from his pocket. I ran it over rapidly-saw that there was nothing in it of the slightest importance-and put it in the fire on the spot. That done, I left Mr. Bashwood in the sitting- room, and went to the sanatorium with Armadale's letter in my hand. The doctor had gone out; and the servant was unable, to say positively at what time he would be back. I went into his study, and wrote a line preparing him for the news I had brought with me, which I sealed up, with Armadale's letter, in an envelope,. to await hia return. Having told the servant I would call again in an hour, I left the place. It was useless to go back to my lodgings and speak to Bashwood until I knew first what the doctor meant to do. I walked about the neighborhood, up and down new streets and crescents and squares, with a kind of dull, numbed feeling in me, which pre vented, not only all voluntary exercise of thought, but of all sensation of bodily fatigue. I remembered the same feeling overpowering me, years ago, on the morning when the people of the prison came to take me into court to be tried for my life. All that fright ful scene came back again to my mind, in the strangest manner, as if it had been a scene in which some other person had figured. Once or twice I wondered, in a heavy senseless way, why they had not hanged me! When I went back to the sanatorium, I was informed that the doctor had returned half- an-llour since, and that lihe was in his own room anxiously waiting to see me. I went into the study, and found him 'sit ting close by the fire with his head down, and his hands on his knees. On the table near him, besides Armadale's letter and my note, I saw, in the little circle of light thrown by the reading-lamp, an open railway guide. Was he meditating flight? It was impossible to tell from his face, when hbe looked up at me, what he was meditating, or how the shock had struck him when he first dis covered that Armadale was a living man. " Take a seat near the fire," he said. "It's very raw and cold to-day." I took a chair in silence. In silence, on his side, the doctor sat rubbing his knees .before the fir. toe tire. "IIave you nothing to say to me?" I asked. lie rose, and suddenly removed the shade from the reading-lamp, so that the light fell on my fice. "You are not looking well," he said. "What's the matter? " " My head feels dull, and my eves are heavy and hot," I replied. "The weather, J. sulppose." It wois strange how we both got farther and farther from the one vitally important suliject which we hadl both come toguthor to disOIIH!s " I think a cup of tea would do you good," roemarlkd the doctor. I ncceptel his slggegation; and he ordered tho ten. \Whlilte it woo ciinian', hit walked u p trndl down the rioom, andl I smt by thio firo tnl nult at wo}rl t)itued betwoen tie ot either Thli tri rniviveil me; i ail ti dloetor notlced a etitlnigi tlr (h biitter in my lintn, lin mat hlown pIliPll li(oi t m)1 it (th table, |)ild s noke uit it l at, " If I hiatt (l 1 tltll t h lhtlla lllnll il it thll 1<, I »ll , h o e l '»n) w ld s w bil i n i artuintu , il,,rlu whlt it veulti+u wlhiuli we sl rtrlnWly u utfliett ll#ehI)i i1 ihit4e ulhl)t)I»y IWltmwll, »)'t t, ht '9tll0luunD }etthlp, 1' WMC t I\rylj. »Ou fI)iUi uut t IIt' JilefllliUJ Iti ttl m it i?lH W concerned. "Wait a moment,. doctor," I said. "Do you hold me responsible fr what has hInppened?." " Certainly not," he replied, stiffly. "Nei ther you nor anybody could have foreseen what has happened. When I say I would give ton thousand pounds to be out of this business, I am blaming nobody but myself. And when I tell you next, that I, for one, won't allow Mr. Armadale's resurrec tion from the sea to be the ruin of me without a fight for it, I tell you, my dlear madam, one of the plainest truths I ever told to man or woman in the whole course of my. life. Don't suppose I am in vidiously separating my interests from yours in the common danger that now threatens us both. I simply indicate the difference in the risk that we have respectively run. You have not sunk the whole of your resources in establishing a sanatorium; and you have not made a false declaration before a magistrate, which is punishable as perjury by the law." I interrupted him again. IHis selfishness did me more good than his tea-it roused my temper effectually. "Suppose we let your risk and my risk alone, and come to the point," I said. "What do you mean by making a fight for it? I see a railway guide on your table. Does making a fight for it, mean-rnning away? " "Running away?" repeated the doctor. "You appear to forget that every farthing I have in the world is embarked in this estab lishment." "You stop here then?" I said. " Unquestionably I" "And what do you mean to do when Mr. Armadale comes to England?" A solitary fly, the last of his race whom the winter had spared, was buzzing feebly about the doctor's face. HeTo caught it before he answered me, and held it out across the table in his closed hand. "If this fly's name was Armadale," he said, "and if you had got him as I have got him now, what would you do?" His eyes, fixed on my face up to this time, turned significantly, as he ended his question, to my widow's dress. I, too, looked at it when he looked. A thrill of the old deadly hatred, and the old deadly determination, ran through me again. " I should kill him," I said. The doctor started to his feet (with the fly still in his hand), and looked at me-a little too theatrically-with an expression of the utmost horror. "Kill himl" repeated the doctor in a paroxysm of virtuous alarm. "Violence murderous violence - in my sanatorium ! You take my breath away !" I caught his eye,- while he was expressing himself in this elaborately indignant manner, scrutinizing me with a searching curiosity, which was, to say the least of it, a little at variance with the vehemence of his language and the warmth of his tone. He laughed uneasily, when our eyes met, and recovered his smoothly confidential manner in the instant that elapsed before he spoke again. "I beg a thousand pardons," he said. "I ought to have known better than to take a lady too literally at her word. Permit me to remind you, however, that the circum stances are too serious for anything in the nature of-let us say, an exaggeration or a joke. You shall hear what I propose, with out further preface." He paused, and re sumed his figurative use of the fly imprisoned in his hand. "Here is MIr Armadale. I can let him out, or keep him in, just as I please-and he knows it. I say to him," con tinued the doctor, frcetiously addressing the fly, "'give me proper security, Mr. Armadale, that no proceedings of any sort shall be taken against either this lady or. myself, and I will let you out of the hollow of my hand. Re fuse-and be the risk what it may, I will keep you in.' Can you doubt, my dear madam, what Mr. Armadale's answer is, sooner or later, certain to be? Can you doubt," said the doctor, suiting the action to the word, and letting the fly go, " that it will end to the entire satisfaction of all parties, in this way ? " "'I won't say at present," I answered, "whether I doubt or not. Let me make sure that I understand you first. You propose, if I am not mistaken, to shut the doors of this place on MIr. Armadale, and not to let him out again until he has agreed to the terms which it is our interest to impose on him? liay I ask, in that ease, how you mean.to make him walk into the trap that you have set for him here ? " "I propose," said the doctor, with his hand on the railway guide, "ascertaining first, at what time during every evening of this month the tidal trains from Dover and Folkestone reach the London Bridge termi nis. And I propose next, posting a person whom Mr. Armadale knows, and whom you and I can trust, to wait the arrival of the trains, and to meet our man at the moment When he steps out of the railway carriage." "Have you thought," I inquired, "of who the person is to be ? " " I have thought," said the doctor, taking up Armadale's letter, " of the person to whom this letter is addressed." The answer startled me. Was it possible that he and Bashwood knew one another ? I put the question immediately. Until to-day, I never so much as heard of the gentleman's name," said the doctor. " I have simply pursued the inductive process of ressoininr, for which we are indebted to the immortal Bacon. Hlowi dloes this very im piortlant letter conme into your possession ? I can't insult you by supposing it to have been stolen. Consequentlyl , it Ihas coie to you with the leave andl licence of the Iperson to whomi it is ldr t!ssed. Consequently, that person is in your conllhnce. COm sequently, he is the lirst irson I think ui. You see the il.ocss ? Ver'y good. )Perml'lit 11ue a i lleetion nr twol, eu the slih. jest of Mr. IlalIwuod, belfore we go ci any° lmiriher.'" ''he loctur's rlitltions went as stroight ti thi pIlt si uleas, My Isneldes Jin5fornid Iill ls thit PI', lIsichwoil stole l tuilarlsB Arl'illsduh ill thWi lellslrJiNis if ?'?i Iws riithiiit i nI jul rs'eJveive 11ji lutsT' s Therle.AAmbrihise sssir s l l'l s VU I)s"i I srII I g tll l h is a I . ifh i. e t7 s eill '' ihi"'t li ieut I sel o, lubuwi Slsir eplihiss. sf It l#ie'ss hiss essig, gus Pt, ons' ,sfihsrsy is' Iii sisy lise u le. J l is+,h t i Issil hu sssjlsul slsheJ, Iesh!usstt~l shsI Isuele l~lJ Is' I eI'ell+)q' Islm wIlls s my ?vss1'1..'111il, I Isul susi.iis l silusiss w i1 hulsls Is ulls II t helssssssslsss' ss( l' shssl4 tIY I ! ii ta.r : saw1#II esiss 1ry5 4d, , 10ese ouil t Tlorpe-Ambrose, until hle had first con sulted mt--and lastly, that in this mutter, and in all others, Air. 13ashwood was blindly devoted to toly interests. At that point in the interrogatory the doctor's eyes began to look at me distrust fully behind the doctor's spectacles. " What is the secret of this blind devotion of Mir. Bashwood's to your interests?" Ihe asked. I hesitated for a moment-in pity to Bush wood, not in pity to myself. " If you must know," I answered, " Mr. Bashwood is in love with me." "Ay! nyI" exclaimed the doctor, with an air of relief. "I begin to understand now. Is Ihe a young man? " " Ilu is an old iman." Theo doctor lnid himself back in his chair, and chuckled softly. " Better and better!" Ie said. " Heron is the very man w want. Whio so fit as AMr. Armadole's steownrd to meet M?r. Armadle l on his return to London? And who so caplable of influencing Mr. Bnshwood in the proper way as the clhirming object of Mr. Bashwood's admiration ?" 'Thero could be no doubt that Boshwood was thie iman to serve the doctor's purpose, and that my influencoe was to be trusted to make him servo it. The dilicoalty was not here-the diflicnlty was in the unanswered question that I had put to tihe doctor a minuto since. I put it to him again. "Supposeo Mlr. Armadnitle's steward meets his emlployer at tihe terminusi," I saidl. "Ilay I nask onco mioro how bIr. Armtditllo is to be persuaded to come here ?" "Don't think me ungallnt,"' rejoined the doctor in his gentlest imaniner, " if I ask oil my side how are man persuaded to do 'nine tenths of tire foolish acts of their lives ? They aro persnnded by your charmoing sex. T'le weak side of every tima is tihe wotman's side of himn. \Ve have only to discover tile woman's side of AIr. Arimadaln-to ticklet him on it gently-and to lend him our o vy way with a silken string. I observe here," pursued tihe doctor, opening Armadalo's letter, "' a retir once to a certaini young lady, which looks promising. Whero is the note thait AIr. Armadalo speaoks of as addressed to Miss Milroy ?" Instend of answering himt, I started, in a sudden burst of oxcitement, to mly foot. IlThe instant he mentioned Miss lIilroy's name, till that I had heard firomn Bashwood of her ill ness, and of the causo of it, rushed bnck into my' memory. I saw the means of decoying Armoadalo into the annatorium as plinily as I saw the doctor on the other side of the table, wondering at the ext'raordinary change in me. What a luxury it was to itmakhe Miss Alilrtoy serve my interest at last ! " Never mind the note," I said. " It's burnt, for ftear of accitlents. I can tell you all, and more than the note couhl have told you. Miss Alilroy cuts the uknot! Mliss BIilroy onds tih difliculty ! She is privately engaged to lhim. She has lnheard the fialso r pert of his doith ; and sheli has boon seriouisly ill at Thorpe-Antiriose over since. When Bashwood meets himi at the station, the very first questiont he is cer'tlin to ask -" "i 1 se," exclaimned tie doctor, anticipating me. " Mr. Balshwood has nothing to do but to help the truth with a touch of fiction. When hlie tells his master that the flseho report has reached Mliss lilrhoy, lie has only to add that the shock hits oliffcted her hend, and that she is here under medical care: Perfect ! perfioct! We shall have him at the sana torium as tilst as the fastest cab-horse in Lon don can bring him to us. And mnitd ! no risk -no necessity for trusting other people. 'his is not a madhouse; this is not a liconsed establishment-no doctors' certificates are necessary here! Mly dear lady, I congratu. late you ; I congratnlate mysell'. Permit me to hand you the railway guide, with my best compliments to Mr. Bashwood, and with the page turned down for him, as an additional attention, at the right place." Remembering how long I had kept Bash wood waiting for me, I took the book at once, and wished the doctor good evening without fiurther ceremony. As he politely opened the door for me, lie reverted, without the slightest necessity for doing so, and without a word from meo to lead to it, to the outburst of vir tuoos ilarm which had escapedtl him it the earlier part of our interview. "I do libpo1" lie sid, " that you will kindly forget nod forgive my extraordinary want of tact and percepition when-in short, when I caught the fly. I positively blush at iny own stupidity in putting a literal interpreta tion.on a lady's little joke i Violence in my sanatorium I" exclaimed the doctor, with his eyes once more fixed attentively on my fisce, " violence in this enlightened nineteenth cen tury'! Was there ever Inything so ridic ulous? Do fasten your cloak before you go out-it is so cold and raw! Shall I escort you? Shall I send my servant? Ah, you were always independent! always, if I may say so, a host in yourself! Mally I call to morrow morning. and hear what you have settled with Air. Bushwtood ?" 1 samd yes, and got snway from lim at last. In a quartur of an hour inore I was bock at Ny lodgings, end was informed that the elderly gentlemanl wois still waiting for me. I have not got thal heart or the patience I hardly know whichl-to waste Imaniy words *on what passed between me and Balshwood. It was so oeasy, so degradingly easy, to pull the strings of the poor old nlpuppet in any way I pleasod ! I met enol of the dillicelties whicli I should hlnve been obligled to tileiit in tho caso of n youniger innl, or of O 1t1an less infutullted with ndtltiration for imt. I left the alliusions to Miss Milroy in AriIttlndalo' Jotter, which ihadl natlly ptpuzzled hilm, to ba explained at It futuro timo. I tiover ievei troubled Inysilf to invent I pItlasiill reoason for wislling hillt to ineot Arntedlals nt thla tertlinnlll, ItId tI o etnalli lilt) by a stliratlgel into theo ldotor's ?llnatolritiit. 1All tllat I fotnil it lnotanitry to d(I wiri to rel'ier to whllt T liendl wrtlton to Mr, Ihlsliwoiod, on Iny Iri rivnl in Lodiiion, nitl to wlhit I lhd 'ftr. wlordl silil to llin wltln, |lie ciur to in?ewur mly lettr lprnoiiilly lit I lho h l, "i You llIIiowV eLlr'dIly," I e lil, " llt imy nl i)l'ri i 11) lill e l lt blii i IIjIy i1 111 )iIw your owln anel'|»iin <rOll .olld tIhI ' l inn'l IIIII'fll lllll Ill' l' 1 tllllllIll l l Iit i tU I l h 1 IS Dliii' whtfi w 'Js l' wl lOl 4il lo pit Is wllwir1Id Ill yul w 'ill W l"lIi I 11li liy Ill ll ii" 11 iwina Myll (linijll y nIi'it luiuIIt jin ll rrJJ~ueg seJl lIIi tlI5MIe JH AW »W IbI "II shall run no risk yourself, and thlint you slnll receive the prompr ex plnnaIolin at theo roper time-yno will havo such a claim on my graotntude and regard as no man living has ever had yet!" I had only to say those words, and to point them by ia look and a lsolen pressurn of his hand ; and I had him at my feet, blindly enger to obey me. If he could have nseen what I thought of myself but that doesn't, matter; he saw nothing. IIours have passed since I sent him away (pledged to encrecy, ponssessed of his in structions, and provided with his time-table) to the hotel near the terminus, at which hie is to stay till Armndalo appears on the railway platlorbm. The excitement of the earlier part of the evening has all worn off; and the dull, numobed sensation has got me again. Are my energies wearing out, I wonder, just at the time I most want them ? Or is some fore shadowing of disaster creeooling over ino which I don't yet understand ? I might be in a humour to sit heor for some time longer thinking thoughts like tlhese, andl lotting them find their way into words at their own will andt pleasure-if my diary would only lot ino. But my idle pen hai benn busy enough to mnakeo its way to the end of the volume. I have rainlched the last moreol of space loft on the lanst page; and whether I like it or not, I must close the hook this time for good and all, when I close it to-night. Good-by my old friend and companion of manny a miserable dlnay! IHaving nothing else to be fond of, I half suspoect myself of having been unreasonably fond of you. Whlat a fool I am ! (b' be contlnuled.) 