PROJECTED DEPARTURES. I For London— London, s.s., 10th April; Sussex; 7th March ; Wellesley, 22nd March. j For Liverpool— Great Britain, about loth May. Eed Jacket, 20th March. 5 Fob Sydney. — You Yangs, Sth March. j For Adelaide— Coorong, 12th March ; Aldiuga, 7th March. i For Hokitika — South Australian, s.s., 10th March; Barwon, 7th March. j For Otago — Tararua, about 12fch March : Bai- won, 7th March. v For Auckland — Ellen Simpson, early ; Hindu! 10th March. The Late Fire on Board the Brig Mountain Maid. — An investigation respecting the lire which occurred on board the Adelaide brig Mountain Maid, took place before the city coroner yesterday, at /Yeends Commercial Hotel, King-street. William Peverley, master of the brig, stated that she was the property of his father, was 192 tons burthen, and was uninsured. There was a great quantity of maize and oats on board, valued at about £1,400. He left his vessel about lialf-past four o'clock on Saturday, afternoon, in charge of the chief- officer, John M'Aveuey. The crew at the time were wash ing down the decks. He had given the men their discharge before leaving, and some of them expressed their great dissatisfaction, especially one named Michael, who had lately been fined 16s for neglect- iug to keep a lamp burning. He did not hear of the fire until Monday morning. John M'Aveney, chief officer, stated that the crew had several times ex pressed their dissatisfaction at the rations, and some of them wanted their discharge last week. After the crew had finished washing the decks on Satur day, he told four of them that they were done with, and especially addressed himself to the man named "Michael, whom he requested to "clear out," as he did not like the man's behaviour. Michael re marked that he would leave his things on hoard, and fetch them'away on Monday, when he was to be paid.' Witness told him he might do so, if he -pleased ; but advised him " to keep a civil tongue in hi head." - Witness then left the vessel, returning about eleven o'clock the same evening. On going round the vessel, he observed smoke coming from the forecastle. The slide to the fore-hatch was .drawn back. He looked down the forecastle/ and saw a great quantity of smoke, hut no light. He called out if any person was below, but received no answer. He tlien gave the alarm. The second mate caine to his assistance, and in about twenty minutes they succeeded in extinguishing the fire.! There was a quantity of old canvas on fire, which witness believed the men had taken below, as it had been on deck for some time. The lamp that usually hung on the beam was lying on the burnt cauvas. The evidence of several of the crew was then; taken, which tended to show that they left the ship early in the evening, extinguishing the light before going away. Jury's verdict: — "The lire originated in the forecastle on the night of the 24th instant, and we believe it to be the result of acci dent." — S. M. Herald, March 1. New Insolvents. — Thomas Heron, of Deep Creek, near Daylesford, storekeeper and butcher. Causes of insolvency : — Falling off in business,, inability to collect outstanding debts, and pres sure of creditors. Debts, £389 12s 5d ; assets, £384 16s 9d ; deficiency, £4 15s Sd. Frederick Kruzer, of Taradale, furniture dealer. Causes of insolvency : — Sickness and death in family, fall ing oft' in business, and pressure of creditors. Debts, £114 16s Id ; assets, £74 16s 6d ; deficien-, cy, £39 19s 7d. E. Courtney, official asignee. Benjamiri'Fendick, of Taradale, miner. Causes of insolvency :— Losses in mining, and pressure of creditors. Debts, £53 19s ; assets,! £8 ; deficiency, £25 19s. John Goodman, official assignee. . \ i H ; A Successful Defence.— The saying " That a man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client, does not appear to be always true, witness the subjoined from the Talbot Leader :— A: cor respondent informs us that at the sittings of the Maryborough Circuit Court, last week, a smart discussion on a point of law occurred between Mr Justice Williams arid a prisoner named Coulter. The latter was charged with obtaining money under false pretences. He had obtained cash for a cheque drawn by himself, without having the requisite funds in the bank - to meet it. While the case was in progress it transpired that the cheque was post-dated, and upon this ground .Coulter raised the point whether or- not the fact of the cheque being post-dated did not in reality convert it into a bill of exchange and thus make a civil case of the charge upon which lie was arraigned. At first Mr Justice Williams seemed disposed to dispute, the point, but after a very lucid explanation of the blat ter oh the. part of the prisoner, the judge ac knowledged his law to be correct, and there fore an acquittal was obtained. Mock Devils. — I must add two or three short anecdotes about ghosts, got up in the devil manner. They are not new, but illustrate very handsomely the state of mind in which a ghost should be met. One is that somebody undertook to scare Cuvier, the great naturalist, with a ghost having, an. ox's head. Cuvier woke, and found -the fearful thing glaring and grinning ' at his bedside. " What do want?"' " "To devour you'!"' growled the ghost. ' c Devour me ?" quoth the great Frenchman — " Hoofs, horns, graminivorous ! You can't do it, clear out." ' And he did clear out. ; A pious maiden lady in one of our New England villages was known to. possess . three peculiarities. - First, she was a very religiofas, : holiest," matter-of-fact woman. Second, she supposed every one else was equally honest; hence she was very credulous, always believing everything she heard. And third, having a coin science void of offence, she saw no reason to lie afraidof anything ; consequently she feared nothing. On a dark night, some boys, kuowing that she would be returning home alone from prayer meet ing through an unfrequented street determined to test two of her peculiarities, viz., her credulity and lier courage. One of the boys was sewed up in a huge shaggy bear skin, and as the old lady's feet were heard pattering down the street he threw him self directly in her path and commenced making a terrible noise. " Mercy !'" exclaimed the old lady, "who are you?" lam the devil.' was the reply " Well you are a poor creature!" responded the antiquated virgin, as she stepped to one side and passed by the strange animal, probably not for a moment doubting it was his Satanic Majesty, but certaiuly not dreaming of being afraid of him. It is said that a Yankee tin pedlar, who had frequently cheated most of the people in the vicinity of a N.ew England village through which he was passing, was induced by some of the acute ones to joiu them in a drinking bout. Hie finally became stone drunk ; and in that condition these wags carried him to a dark rocky cave near the village ; then dressing themselves iii a raw-head-au:l-bloody -bones style, awaited hii return to consciousness. As he began rousing himself, they lighted some hue torches and also set fire to some bundles of straw and three or four rolls of brimstone which they had placed in different parts of the cavern. The ped lar rubbed his eyes, and seeing and smelling all these evidences of Paudemouium, concluded he had died, and was now partaking of his final doom, but he took it very philosofhieally, for he compla cently remarked to himself — "In hell— just as I expected !" A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a virago of a wife, who met one of these arti ficial devils in a lonely place. As the ghost ob structed his path the old fellow remarked — "If you are not the devil got out ! If you are come along with me and cret sunner. I married vonr sister l"_ The Humbug of the Wodxl-, by P. J. Birnuin. Lord Coekburn, the proprietor o- Bonaly, was sitting on the hillside with a shepherd, and ob serving the sheep reposing in the coldest situation, he remarked to liim, "John, if I were a sheep I would lie on the other side of the hill." "Ah, my lord," said the shepherd, "but if ye had been a sheep ye wud hae had tnair sense." I 