*''' LITTLE FOXES, OIL THE INMGXIF1CANT LITTLE HABITS WHICH ^ MAR DOMESTIC HAPPINESS. ($y Mrs . Harriet Beechtr StowcJ V.— INTOLERANCE. I « Ani- what are you going to preach about this mouth, Mr, I Ciowfitld ?' I nin going to give a sermon on Intolerance, Mrs, I Crowfhld.1 I ' Peligious intolerance r I -4No,— domestic and family and educational intolerance, I — ono of the eeven deadly sins on which I am preaching— I one of 'the foxes.'' I people are apt to talk as if all tue intolerance in life were I got vp and expended in the religious world ; when as reli I fioufi intolerance In only a small branch oi the radical, strong, I Sbpervading intolerance of human nature. ? PbyeiCiftOB are quuo as juwieraui/ us uioviogiauB. j.ney I nwr t&ve; had the power of burning at the stake for medi I cal opinions, but they certainly havo shown tlio will, poli I Brian* ore intolerant Philosophers are intolerant, especially I those who pique themselves ou liberal opinions. Painters 1 and sculptors are intolerant. And housekeepers aro intolo 1 rant, virulently denunciatory concerning any departures from 1 their particular domestic creed. 1 Mrs- Alexander Exact, seated at her domestic altar, gives 1 homilies on the degeneracy of modem housekeeping equal ? do the lamentations of Dr. Holdfast as to the falling off 1 fro» toe good old faith. 9 « Don't tell me about pillow-cases made without felling.' 1 Kp Mrs. Alexander; 'it's slovenly and shiftless. I I wouldn't have such a pillow-case in my house any more ? than I'd have vermin.' ' 9 'But,' says a trembling young housekeeper, consoious I -of nnfcUed pillow-cases at home, 'don't you think Mrs, I ' Alexander, that soute of these old traditions might be dis* I xenfeawith? It really is not necessary to do all the work 9 ^&t; hsA been done so thoroughly and exactly,— to double fl ttitch cveiy wristband, fell every seam, count all the threads I lof gathers, and to take a stitch to every gather. It makes I beautiful sewing, to be sure ; but when a woman has a 9 family of little children and a email income, if all her sewing I is to be kept up iu this perfect style, she wears her life out I in Etilcbingr Had she not better alight a little, aud get air I andexcrciee?' ? 'Don't tell me about air and exercise! What did my 9 srsrdmotber dor Why, she did all her own work and made I grandfather's milled shirts besides, with the finest stitching ? and gathers; and she found exercise enough, I warrant I you. Women of this day are miserable, sickly, degenerate ? creatures.' ? ' But, my dear Madam, look at poor Mrs. Evans, over I the way, with her pale face, and her eight little ones.' 9 'Miserable manager,' said Mrs. Alexander. ' If she'd I get up at five o'clock the year round, as I do, she'd find time I enough to do things properly, aud be the hotter for it.' 9 ' but, my dear Madnm, Mrs. Evans is a very delicately 9 organised, nervous woman.' 9 ' Nervous! Don't tell me ! Every woman now-a-days 9 b nervous. She can't get up in the morning, because she's 9 nervous. She can't do her sewing decently, bjjause she's 9 nervous. Why, I might have been as nervous as she is, 9 if 1 had petted and coddled myself as she does. Hut 1 get 9 sp early, take a walk in the fresh air of a mile or so before 9 breakfast, end come heme feeling the better for it. I do all 9 my own sewing,— never put out a stitch ; and I flatter ujy 9 telf my things arc made as they ought to be. I always 9 mako uiy boj 's shirts and Mr. Exaet'e, and they are made I se shirts onght to be, —and yet I find plenty of time for 9 colling, shopping, business, and company. It only requires 9 management and resolution,' 9 'It is perfectly wonderful, to be sure, Mrs. Exact, 9 to see all that ycu do; but don't you get very tiled 9 sometimes?' 9 'No, xotoftec. I remember, though, the week before last 9 Christmas, I made and baked eighteen pies aud ten loaves 9 -of cake in one day, and 1 was really quite worn our ; but I 9 didn't give way to it. I told Mr. Exact I thought it would 9 rest me to take a drive into Hew York and attend the Sani 1 I Fair, and so we did. I suppose Mrs. Evans would ? have thought she must go to bca and coddle herself for 9 a month.' 9 'But, dear Mrs. Exact, when a woman is kept awake 9 o'jrigbte bv crying babies—' I 'There's no ncel of having crying babies: my babies I never ciied ; it's just as you begin with children. 1 might 9 have had to be up and down every hour of the night with I mine, just as Mrs. Evans is; but 1 know better. I used to ? lake 'em up about ten o'clock and feed and make 'em all 1 comfortable ; and that was the last of 'em, till I was ready I to get up in the morning, I never lost a night's bleep with 9 ssy of mire.' 9 ' h ot when they were teething ? 9 'No. I knew how to mauage that,— I used to lance their 9 gams myself, and I never had any trouble : it's all in man 9 sgtment. I weaned 'em all myself, too : there's no use in 9 having any fuss in weaning children ' 9 ' Mrs. Exact, you are a wonderful manager; but it would 9 he impossible to bring up all babies so.' ' 9 ' you'll never make me believe that : people onlynced to 9 hegi n light. I'm sure I've had a trial of eight.' 9 ' But there's tout one baby of Mrs. Evans's makes more 9 trouble than all your eight. It cries every night so th -.t 9 somebody tas to be up walking with it ; it wears out all the 9 nurses, and keeps poor Mrs. Evans sick all the time.' 9 ' Not the least need of it ; nothing but ahifiless manago 9 nent. Suppose 1 had allowed my children to be waited 9 Willi ; I might have had terrible times, too ; but 1 begen 9 right. I set down my foot that they should lie still, and .9 fiiey did ; and it they cried, I never lighted a candle, or 9 took 'em up, or took any kind of notice of it ; and so, affce^ 9 £ little, (hey went off to sloop. Babies very soon find out .9. where they can take advantage, and where they can't. It's 9 tolhirg but temper makes babies cry ; and if I couldn't 9 bnfih 'em any other way, I should give 'em a few good 9 QDfirt flaps, and they would soon leatn to behave them 9 ttlvea.' 9 'But, dear Mis. Exact, you were a strong healthy 9 woman, and had strong healthy children.' 9 'Well, isn't that baby of Mrs Evans's healthy, 1 want 9 to know ? I'm sure it is a great cieature, and thrives and 9 grows fat as fast as ever I saw a child. You needn't tell ? toe anything is the matter with that child but temper, and 9 its mother's condb'ng management.' 9 Now in toe neighbourhood where she lives, Mrs. Alcx 9 tnfler Exact, is the wonderful woman, the Lady Bountiful, 9 lbs pattern, female. Her cake never rises on one side, or 9 a heavy streak in it. Her furs never get a moth in them ; 9 her carpets never fade ; her sweetmeats never ferment ; her 9 servants never neglect their work ; her children never get 9 thiogs out of order; her babies never cry, never keep one 9 awake ©'nights ; and her husband never in his life said, 9 41 My dear, there's a button off my shirt.' Flies never in 9 feet her kitchen, cockroaches and red ants never invade her 9 tremisee, a spider never had time to spin a web on one of 9 aer walla. Everything in her establishment is Bhining with 9 neatness, crisp and bristling with absolute perfection,— and 9 itiafihe, ihe ever -up-and -dressed, unsleeping, wide-awake, 9 omnipresent, never-tiring Mrs. Exact, that does it all. 9 Besides keeping her household ways thus immaculate, 9 Bre. Exact is on all sorts of chnritable committees, does all 9 sorts of fancy-work for fairs; and whatever she does is done 9 perfectly. She is a most available, most helpful, most be X sevolent woman, and general society has reason to rejoice in 9 her existence. 9 Bat, for all this, Mrs. Exact is as intolerant as Torque 9 xuda or a locomotive engine. She has her own track, 9 straight and inevitable; her judgments and opinions cut ?9 Ihroogh society in right lines, with ell the force of her OX 'S wnploand all the steam of her energy, turning out neither ? for the old nor the young, the weak nor the weary. She ? cannot, and she wilt not, conceive the possibility that there 9 &ay; w other sorts of natures than her own, and that 9 ®ther kinds of natures must have other ways of living 9 mil doing. 9 Good and useful as she is, she is terrible ftB an army with 9 ^er Poor- harrassed, delicate, struggling neigh 9 Jwu-i across the way, who, in addition to an aching, con 9 Bead, an aching back, sleepless, harrassed nights, and 9 *eary, sicking days, is burdened everywhere and every 9 fJJ* with the thought that Mrs. Exact thinks all her 9' 'WW* are nothing but poor management, and that she 9 toightdo just like her, if she would. With very little self 9 ®®fidfiace, or self-assertion, she is withered and paralysed 9 JJJhthe discouraging thought. la it, then, her fault that 1 T^.EeVer*£leepiLg body cries all night, and that &U; her 9 caulren never could and novcr would be brought up by those 9 i1?? wBich she hears of as so efficacious in the house 9 over the way r The toought of Mrs. Alexander Exact 9 . x8 over her like a constable ; the remembrance of hor 9 v ; the burden of her opinion is heavier than all 9 her other burdens. 1 ifi, that Mrs, Exact comes of a long-lived, 9 f^gjhacked, strong-stomached raoe, with 41 limbs of 9 tf ® and nerves of wire.' The shadow of a sensation 9 ?®®rp2Us pain or une&sinoBB; never has been known in her 9 Ijr generations, and her judgments of poor little Mrs. 9 ttJulEvflfe, about as intelligent as those of a good stout 9 ^ 00 a humming' bird. Most useful and com 9 these Shanghai hens,— and very ornamental, and 9 U6efui, these humming-birds ; but Jet them X °toer's diet, or lay down schemes for each 9 lS5fl bo^ekeeping. Has not on© as much right to its 9 tome as the other? I 1 intolerancoof other people's natures is one of the I 9 IniSi, CftUfle® domestic unbappiness. The perfect house 9 a.! J, ttre, toev who make the household rule so flexible S tint 80 j different natures may find room to grow 9 ^ oCb an^ express themselves without infringing 1 ln^e wJomen 0X6 endowed with a tact for understanding 2 ^ ac(* Riding ft. They give a sense of large ^ om - to®y Gnd a place for every one, see at 9 with i?aVTery on? good for, and ore inspired by nature 9 iDmalr.0 .^Ppy vrisdom of not wishing or- ftsWng of any 9 TW?n . toan thafjhuman being was made to give. 2 do«r ? r *Ve . , Porti°a in due season for all : a bone for the 9 Iffi ? «l i ®or Mt - cuttle-fish and hemp-soed for thb 2 Aiiiii or I?v,low ^or toeir bashful h'terary visitor ; lively 2 lEtofti tooughtlcfca Mies Seventeen ; knitting for Grand 2 EtttWo ^king-rods, boats, and gunpowder for Young 2 Uwr wi ? 1 °iS0 r-* ' ^UBt beginning to grow ;— and they 9 thedorJftJ11 Bcta hecauee the oanory-bird won't relish 9 f i or, V10 dog eat canary-seed, oryouug Miss Sixty's reviow, or young Maeter 9 ifcdcnrnr!i knittirg- work, or old Grandmamma 1 W DCy m ^ md ^pevrdor. 9lifew^J?ero aro.°toers who lay tho foundations of family ^oUvfftuT0^ straight and strict, that thoro is room in thein ?teopnmm f8 Al]d people oxactlylikethemselv6s ; and ? ^wooineenmchniMwy, ??ttd S,8??* Woman come together out of different familea 9'kttvaifflS. ^ onlyonoor two fiympatbios, witli lMoiw .8' Thoiv first wiedoin would bo to find out 9 Jiature, and accommodate to it aa a fixed fact ; infiead of vhich how many * pond their livoB in a blind ^ with an opposite nature, on good astboir own in its way, but not capsuJo of meeting their requirements ! A woman trained in no oxact, thiiving bufinecs family, where her father and brothers carrieJ ou everything with true wo'Idly ek.U and emrgy, falls in lovo with a literary mat], who knov s nothing of buch affair?, whose lifois in his library and his pen. Shall bUo vex and toruunt herself and him because he is not a business man ? Shall she constantly hold tip to him the example of her father and brother', and how thry would manage in this and that case ? or shall sho say cheerily end once for all to herself, — u My husband has no talent for business; that is not hia forte; but then he h«B talents fit mire interesting: I cannot have everythlug ; let him go on undisturbed, ana do what he can do well, aud let rnc try to uiofco up for what he cannot do ; and if diffi culties como on us in consequence of what wo neither of us can do, lot- us both take them cheerfully. ' In the same manner a man ? takes out of tbo bosom of an adoring family one of thoao delicate, petted singing-birds that seem to bo created b imply to adorn life and make it charming^ la it fair, after he lias got. her, to compare her housekeeping, and her efficiency and capability in the mate- ' rial part of life, with those of his mother and Bisters, who are strong -limited, practical women, that havo never thought about anything- but housekeeping from thojrciadle ? Shall ho all the whilo vex hirufcLfand her with tbd remembrance of how hie mother used to get up aTflv.j o'clock and arrange all the business of too d«y,— how she kept all the aocounts — liow the saw to everything and Bottled everything,— how there never wore brouk-downs or irrcgulariticB in bcr sy-tem ? ' ibis wbuld be unfair. If a man wanted such a hoase keeper, why did he not got one ? There wero plenty of single women who understood washing, ironing, clear-starching, cooking, find general housekeeping, better than the little canary-bird which he fell in love wito, and wanted for her pluxnngo and her song,— for her merry tricks, for her bright eyes and pretty ways. Now be has got his bird, let mm keep it ee something fine and precious, to be cared for and watched over, and treated according to tho laws of its frail and delxnte nature ; and so treating it, he may many years keep the chfirtns which first won hie heart, Hs may find, too, ii he watches and is careful, that a humming-bird can, in its own final], dainty way, build a nest as efficiently as a turkey gobbler, and hatch her eggs and bring up her young iu bumming- b'rd fashion ; but to do it she must, be left un fiighteced end undisturbed. But ihe evils of domestic intolerance increaBO with tbe birth of children. As parents come together out of different families with ill-npgorted peculiarities, so children are born to them with natures differing from their own and from each other. Tho parents k iz& on their first new child as a piece of cpicial property which they are forthwith to turn to their own account. 'The poor htUe waif, just drifted on tho shores of Time bee perhaps folded up in it a character as positive as thai of either parent; but, for all that, its future courrc is marked out for it, — all arranged and prt determined. John has a perfect mania for lilerr.ry distinction. His own education was somewhat imperfect, but he is determined hie children shall be prodigies. His fiftt-born turns out a girl, who is to write like Madame do Stae! — to be an able accomplished woman. He bores her with literature from her carlicft years, reads extracts from Milton to her when Bho is only eight years old, and is secretly longing to be playing wiih her doll's wardrobe. He multiplies governesses, sparoe no expense, and when, after all, his daughter turns out to be only a very pictty, sensible, domestic girl, fond of croes stitching embroidery, and With a more decided vocation for sponge-cake and pivkleR than for poetry and composition, he is disappointed mid treats her coldly ; and she is unhappy and feels that she lias vexed her parents, because she cannot bo what nature never meaut her to be. If John had taken meekly the precent that Mother Nature gRve him, aud humbly set himsrii vo inquire what it was, and what it was good for, he might have had years of happitese with a modest, amiable, and domestic daughter, to whom had been given tbe instinct to study household good. But, again, a bustling, pickling, preserving, stocking knitting, univeTful -housekeeping woman has a daughter who dreams over her knitting work, and hides a book under her sampler,— w hose thoughts are straying iu Greece, Rome, Germany, — who U reading, studying, thinking, writing, without knowing why: and ihe mother set? herself to fight this nature, and to make the dreamy scholar into a driving, thorough-going, exact woman of'businees. IIow many tears are shed, bow much temper wasted, how much time lost in such encounters, Each of those natures, under judicious training, might be m&de; to complete it self by cultivation of that wliich it lacked. The born housekeeper can never be made a genius, but she may add to hor bourehold virtues some reasonable share of literary culture and appreciation, — and the born scholar may learn io coruc down out of her ctouds, and see enough of this earth to walk its practical ways without stumbling; but this must be done by tolerance of their nature, — by giving it play and room, — first recognising its existence and its rights, and then eeeking to add to it the properties it w&ata.; A driving Yankee housekeeper, fruitful of resources, can work with any tools or with no tools at all. If sho abso lutely cannot get a tack -hammer with a claw on one end, she can take up carpet-nails with an iron spoon, and drive them down with a fiat iron ; and she has sense enough not to scold, though t he does her work with thorn at consider able disadvantage. She knows that she is working with tools made to do eumething else, and never thinks of being angry at their unhandiness. She might have equal patience wiih'ii daughter unhandy in physical things, but acute and skilful in mental ones, if she once had the idea sug tfpftrd to hor. An ambitious man lias a son whom he destines to a Icariifd profession. He is to be the Daniel Webster of the family. Tho boy has a robust, muscular frame — great phy sical vigour and enterprise— a brain bright and active in all that may be acquired through tho bodily senses, but which is dull and confused and wandering when put to abstract boob-hnowledge. lie knows every ship at the wharf, her build, tonnage, and sailing qualities ; he knows every rail road- engine, its power, speed, and hours of coming and going ; he is always basy sawing, hammering, planing, dig ging, driving, making bargains, with his head full of plans, oil relating to something outward and physical. In all these matters his mind works strongly, his ideas are clear, l.is observation acute, his conversation sensible and worth listening to. Cut as te the distinction between common nouns and proper nouns, between the subject and the pre dicate of a sentence, between the relative pronoun and die demonstrative adjective pronoun, between the perfect and the preter- perfect tense, he is extremely dull and hazy. The region of abstract ideas is to him a regi in of ghosts and shadows. Yet his y outh is mainiy a dreary wilderness of uncomprehcndei, incomprehensible studies, of privations, tasks, punishments, with a sense of continual failure, dis appointment, and dir-gTace, because his father is trying to make a scholar and a literary man out of a boy whom Nature made to till the soil or manage the material forces of the world. He might be a farmer, an engineer, a pioneer of a new settlement, a sailor, a soldier, a thriving|man of busi ness ; but he grows up feeling that his nature ia a crime, and that he is good for nothing, becauso he is not good for vhat he had been blindly predestined to befjre he waB bore. Another boy is a born mechanic ; he understands ma chinery at a glance ; he is always pondering and studying and experimenting. But his wheels and hie axles and his pulleys are all swept away, as so much irrelevant lumber ; lie is doomed to go into the Latin School, and spend three or four years in trying to learn what he never can learn well, — disheartened by always being at the tail of his class, and teeing many a boy inferior to himself in general culture, who is rising to brilliant distinction simply because he can remem ber those hopeless, bewildering Greek quantities and accents which heis constantly forgetting,— as, forexample, how pro perispomena become paroxyioneswhentheultirnatcbecomes Jong, and proparoxytonee become paroxytones when the ul timate becomes long, while paroxytones with a short penult remain paroxytoneB. Each of this clasB of rules, however, having about sixteen exceptions, which hold good except in three or four other exceptional cases under them, the laby rinth becomes delightfully wilder and wilder; and the irowning beauty of the whole is, that when the bewildered boy has swallowed the whole,— tail, scales, fins and bones, —he then is allowed to read tho classics in peace, without the slightest occasion to refer to them again during his college course. The great trouble with the so-called classical course of education is, that it iB made strictly but for one class of minds, which it drills in respects for which they have by nature an aptitude, and to which it presents scarcely enough of difficulty to make it a mental discipline, while to another and equally valuable class of minds it presents difficulties so great as actually to crush and discourage. There are, we will venture to say, in every ten boys in Boston four, and those not tho dullest or poorest in quality, who could never go through the discipline of the Boston Latin Schosl with out such a Btrain on the brain and nervous system as would leave them no power for anything cIbo. A bright intelligent boy, whose talonts lay in the line of natural philosophy and mechanics, pasBed with brilliant ►uccess through the Boston English High School. He won the first medw and felt all that pride and enthusiasm which belong to a successful student. Ho entered the Latin Clas sical School. With a largo philosophic and reasoning brain, he had a very poor verbal and textual memory ; and here ho began to see himself distanced by boys who had hitherto looked up to him. Theycould rattle off catalogues of names ; they could do so all the better from the habit of not thinking of what they studied. They could commit to memory the Latin Grammar, largo print and small, and run through the interminable manes of Greek accents and inflections. This hoy of large mind and brain, always behindhand, always in capable, utterly discouraged, no amount of study could place on an oquality with his former inferiors. His health failed, and he dropped from school. Many a fine fellow has been lost to himself, and lost to an educated life, by just such a failure. The collegiate system is like a great ooal-Bcreen : every piece not of a certain size must fall through. This may do well enough for screening, coal ; but what if it were used indiscriminately for a mixture of coal and diamonds. ' Poor boy !' said Ole Bull, compassionately, when ono sought to push & schoolboy from the steps of an omnibus, where he was getting a surreptitious ride. ' Poor boy ! let him stay. Who knows his trials ? Perhaps he studies Latin!' The witiy Heinrich Heine says, in bitter remombrance of his early Bufferings,— 'Tho Romans would never have con quered ihe world if thoy had had to learn their own langnoge. They had loiaure, because thoy were horn with the know ledge of what nouns form their accusatives in fm.' Now wo aro not among those who decry the Greek and Latin classics. We think it a glorious privilege to read both those grand old longuos, and that an intelligent, calti- ? valtd man who is shut out from tho converse of tho splendid | minds ofthoBO oldm tituee, Iobcf a part of his birthright ; and ' therefore it is that wo mourn that but one dry, hard, teoh u 'cal path, ono sharp, straight, niirrow way, is allowed into so a.n'J|y n 'aD-i °f knowledge. We think there is no nee I (I,,,® (n.e study of Greek and Latin should bo made each a horior, 2 '8 many a man without a verbal memory, who could ne..flpr recite in order the paradigms of tho Greek voi bs nor ri neav '^o lists of nouns that form thoir acousa ? tive i'n ono tumW™ ?-' another, who, nevertheless, by tho exorcise of Ms face. '? of 0'»-paris3n and reasoning, rould barn to read the Grt.'k and Latin clnssios so as to taks tin ir sense and enjoy ttelr spia.'' J aua l'®* 18 a'l th&t; ihey are worth caring for. We bare ko £»« young scholar, who could i ©t by shy possibility repeat toe lists of exceptions to toe rules in the L* tin Grammar, who ve* denghtedjjp filled his private note-book with quotations iroJ1 the 41 ASneil,' nnd wab making cxlrnels of literary gems jrom Lis Greek Header, at thu same fin:e that he waa every day u fcicwcd' By Lie tutor upon eotne technical point of the lnngt;nge. Is there not snany a master of English, mAiiy a writer ana am tor, who could not repeat from memory the list of nouns aiding in y thai f..rm their plural in ics with the exceptions under it ? How many of ua could do this ? Would it help a good wiitrr and fluent fpeabor to know the whole of Murray's Grrinimar by krart, or does real knowledge of a IdCgUHge ever come in this way. At present tbe rich &torea; of ancient literature are kept like (ho jflvourv tfew which Doinuiie Sampson heard simmering in tho witrh'a kclflo. Ono uiuyhave much appetite, but litre is hut one way of getting: it. The &fe;^ Merrifiea of our orucalion&l; Bysrem, with her harsh vouo, and her i- Gape, einner, aud swallow,1 ' is fbe only introduction, —and eo tusny a one turns and ruue frightened froui the feast. This intolerant mode of teaching tbeclASBical languages is {ifculmr to them (tloco. Multitudes of girls and born are earning to rcao nnd to epiak German. French, and Italian, and to frel all the delights of expatiating in tbe literature of a tew language, purely br-cauee of & simpler, more natural, less pedantic mode of teaching these languages. Jntoh mncc in the established system of education works mi eiy in families, because family pride decrees that every bey of good etatus in society -will he, nil! he— shall go through college, or ho almost forfeits his position aa a gentleman. 'Not goto Cambridge !' says Scholaeticus to his first born. 41 \Vby I went there, — ond my father, and bis father, and his father before him. Look at the Cadi bridge Cata logue end you will fee toe names of our family ever since the college vras founded 1' ° But I can't learn Latin and Greek,' eaye young Scho JaMicus. 44 1 can't remember nil those rules and exceptions. I've fried and I can't. If you could only kuowhowmyhead feds when 1 try- 1 And 1 won't be at the foot of toe class all the time, if I haTe to get my bring by digging.' Suppose, now, the boy is put-hed on at the point of the bayonet to a kind of knowledge in which he has no interest, communicated in a way that requires faculties which Nature haa noJ given him, — what occurs ? He goes through bis course, either shamming, shirking, ponying, oil toe while consciously diecrodited And disho iH-nouted, — or else putting forth on effort (hat is a draft on all his nervous energy, ho makes merely a decent scholar, aud loses his health for lifo. Now, if the principle of toleration were once Admitted into chuEicu! education,— if it were admitted that the great, ob ject is to read and enjoy a language, and the stress of the reaching were placed on the few things absolutely essential to ibis lCsult, — if the tortoise were allowed time toereep, and tho bird permuted to fly, end the fish to swim, towards the eu ciianied and divineVmrces of Helicon.— all might in their own way arrive there, and rejoice in its flowers, its beauty, and its coolness. 41 But,' say the advocates of the present syttem, fi it is good mental discipline.' 1 doubt it. It is mere waste of time. \Vhcn a boy has learned that in the genitive plural of ihe first declension of Greek nouns toe tiual syllable is ciraum flt-xed, hut to this there arc the following exceptions : 1. That feminine adjectives and particles in -oy, -q, -or, rue accented like the genitive masculine, but other feminine t-djectives and participles are perispomena in the genitive plural; 2. That tho substantives chiefs aphue etesiai, and ihlouiHs in tbe genitive plural remain paroxytones (Kiih lifci's JSlaneniart/ Greek Grammar, p. 22),— I say when a boy has learned this and twenty other things just like it, bis mind has not been one whit more dhtcipliued than if he had learned the list of the old thirteen States, the number aud Dames of the newly-adopted ones, the times of tocir adoption, and the population, commerce, mineral and Rgriculturai wealth of each. These, too, are merely exercises of memory, hut they are exerci&es; in what is of some interest end 60ti;e use. The particulars above cited are of fo little use in under standing the Greek classics that I will venture to say that there are intelligent English scholars who have never read anything but Bohn's translations, who have more genuiue knowledge of toe spirit of the Greek mind, and the peculiar idioms of the language, and more enthusiasm for it, than many a poor fellow who has stumbled blindly through the oiigiu&ls; with the bayenet of toe tutor at his heels, and his \- yes 8nd ears fud of tbe Scotch snuff of the Greek grammar. What then } Shall we not learn these ancient tongues ? By all means. -( So many tines as I learn a language, so many times I become a man,' said Charles V. ; and he said lightly. Latinand Greek are foully belied by the preju dices created by this technical, pedantic mode of teaching them, which makes one ragged, prickly bundle of all the dry facts of the language, and insists upou it that the boy uhail not eco one glimpse of its beauty, glory, or interest, till he Las swallowed and digested the whole mass. Many die in this wilderness, with their shoes worn out before reaching the Promited Land of Flato and toe Tragedians. ' But,' eey our college authorities, 44 look at England. An English school -hoy learns three times the Latin and Greek that our boyelearn, and has them well drubbed in.' And English boys have more beef and pudding in their ccnsti ution than American boys have, and throe times less of ner\ee. The difference of nature must be considered here; and the constant influence flowing from English Khoolb and universities must be tempered by considering who \vc aro, what sort of boys we have to deal with, what treatment they can bear, and what are the needs of our growing American society* 1 he demands of actual life, tbe living, visible facte of practical science, in so large and new a country as ours, re quires that the ideas of the ancients should be given as in ihe shoitest and most economical way possible, and that tcholastio technicalities should be reserved to those whom Nature made wito especial reference to their preservation. Ob no eubjcct is there more intolerant judgment, and more suffering from such intolerance, than on the much mooted one of the education of children. Treatises on education require altogether too much of parents, and impose burdens of responsibility en tender spirits which cnifh the life and etrength out of them. Parents have been talked to as if each child ceme to them a soft, pulpy mass, wliich they were to pinch and pull and pat and stroke into shape quite at their leisure, and a good pattern being placed there before them, they were to proceed immediately to set up and construct a good human being in oonfomuty therewith. It is strange that believers in toe Divine inspiration of the Bible should have entertained this idea, overlooking the constant and effecting declaration of the Great Heavenly Father that Be has nourished and brought up children and they have rebelled against Him, together with His constant appeals,— 4- What could have been done more to my vine yard that I have not done in it? Wherefore when I looked ihat it should bring forth grapes, brought it forth wild grapes ?' If even God— wiser, better, purer, more loving— admits himself baffled in this great work, is it expedient te to say io human beings that the forming power, the decid ing force, of a child' 6 character is in their hands ? Many a poor feeble woman's health has been strained to breaking, and her life darkened, by the laying on her shoul ders of & burden of responsibility that never ought to have been placed there; and many a mother has been hindered fcGm using such powers as God has given her, because some preconceived mode of operation has been set up before her which she could no more make effectual than David could wear the armour of Saul. A gentle, loving, fragile creature marries a strong-willed, energetic man, and, by the laws of natural descent, has a boy given to her of twice her amount of will and energy. She is just as helpless, in the more atruggle of will and authority, with such a child, as she would be in a physical wrestle with a six-foot man. What then ? Has Nature left her helpless for her duties ? Not if she understands hern&ture;, and acts in toe line of it. She has no power of command, but she hue power of per suat ion. She can neither bend nor break the toy's iron will, but 6he can melt it. She has tack to Avoid tho conflict in which she would be worsted. Sho can charm, amuse, please, and make willing ; and her line and subtile influ ences, weaving themselves about him day after day, become more and more powerful* Let her^ alone, and sho will have her boy yet. But now some bustling mother-in law or other privileged expounder says to her,— »» My dear, it's your solemn duly to break that boy's will. I broke my boy's will Bbert off. Keep your whip in sight, meet him at every turn, fight him whenever he crosses you, never let him get one victory, and finally hts will will be wholly subdued.' Such advice is mischievous, became what it proposes is as utlcr an impossibility to toe woman's nature as for a cow to scratch up worms for hir calf, or for a hen to suckle her chickens. 2 bore are men and women of strong, resolute will who Are gifted with tho power of governing the wills of others. Such persons con govern in tlus way — and their government being in the line of their nature, acting strongly, consist ently, naturally, makes everything move harmoniously. Let them he content with their own success, but let them not setup as general educetion-doctors,orapplytheir experience to all pob&iile; oases. Again, thcie are others, and among them some of the loveliest and purest natures, who have no power of com mand. Thoy have sufficient tenacity of will as respects their own course, but have no coinpuhory power over too wills of others. Many such women have been most success ful mothers, when they followed the line of their own natures, and did not undertake what they never could do. Influence is a slower Acting force than authority. It seems weaker^ but in toe long run it often effects more. It always does belter than mere force and authority without its gentle modifying power. If a mother is high-princ'pled, religious, affeotionafe, if sho never utes crate or deeopti.n, if she governs her temper and sets a good example, let her hold on In good hopo, though she cannot protuoe the discipline of a man-of-war inker noisy littlo flock, or maUeaUmeveus smoothly as some oiber women to whom God has given another aud different Intent ; and lot her not be discouraged, if sho noem often to accomplish but little in that great work of forming human character, wherein tbo great Creator of -^° W01-* clnicd B msclf at timesjuafllcd, Fomfiy tolrracco must take great account of u BTaSoa and p( ritds of development, and growth in children. 2 be pi.et ape of ft human being from one stage of devrftfp DHLtJoflDriher, like lhe sun'spasengeAorosstho Equator, fro qurnilyhot itsFloriupendicmposis. The change to manhood ni.d w- jubuhood often in vol voi brain, nerves, body and soul in i coulurion ; tbe child eometimcB seems lost to himself and his yertLte,— his very nature changing. In this sensitive Mr.te come ie*t1-se desires, unrra&n;&ablo; longings, unsettled puTtuFcs; and too falsi hubit of indulgence in deadly sti n wants, ruffing oil toe life, often springs from the craving* of this tranriiiMi period. Here must come in toe patience of the saints. Thnrcst k fftim must l-e Brotbcd, the family hearth must be tolerant \- n- ugh tfo keep there the boy, whom £atan will receive and -Leinh if his mother (te es not. The mate element some tines poura into a boy, likes the tides in toe Bay of Fund?, wito tumult and tossing. He .is noisy, vociferous, uproa rious, and seems bent only on disturb&nco; ; ho despises con ventic nalities, he hates parlours, he longs for the woods, the ree, the converse of rough men, and hicks nt constraint of all kinds. Have patience now, let love have its perfect work, ond in a year or two, if no deadly physical habits set in, a well- mannered gentleman will be evolved. Mean while, if be de?e not wipe hit* shoes, and if he will fling his hat upon the floor, and tear his olothep, and bang and ham oi ? r and shout end cause general confusion in his nclougings, do not despair ; if you only get your son, the hat, and dothesand shies and noiee and confusion do not matter. £Dy amount of toleration that keeps & boy contented at htmei&lreasuie; well expended at this time of life. One thing not enough reflected on is, that in this tran sition period between childhood and maturity the heaviest draft and strain of school education occurs. The boy is fit ting for the university, tbe girl going through the studies of tbo college senior year, and too brain-power, which is work ing almost to tho breaking pofot to perfect the physical change, h&6 the additional labour of all toe drill and disci pline of school. The girl if growing into a tall and shapely woman, and the poor brain is put to it to And enough phosphate of lime, carl. on, and other what not to build her fair edifice. The bills flow in upon her thick and fast; she paj s out hand over hand : if she bad only her woman to build, ehc might get along, but now come in demands for algebra, geometry; music, languRge, and the poor bran- bank stops payment, some pari of the work is shabbily done, and a crooked spine cr wt aknied lungs are the remit. lioatoing-Eihoole, both for boya and girls, are for the most part composed of young people in this most delicate, critical i o) t ion of their phyf.ical, mental, and su ral develop - mint, wboic teachers are expected to put them through one Mrsigbt feterc course of drill, without the slightest allow ance for tbe great physical facts of their being No wonder they are difficult to manage, and that so many of them drop plmically, mentally, and morally bait and maimed. It is not (he tcncher'e fault; he but fulfils toe parent' a requisi tion, wbiih dooms bis child without appeal to a certain coTirfc timply because oihcre have gone through it. Final y, as my sti-iuon iff too long already, let me end with a ringie reflection. Every human being has some handle by v li'cli he may be lifted, some groove in which he waa m ant to inn ; end tho great work of life, as far as our relations vith oh ch other are concerned, ia to lite each one by his own proper handle, and run each one in his own proper grcovo. (7b be continued.) 