EPITOME OP GENERAL NEWS. We are sorry to see by the Adelaide papers that Dr. Blue, a well-Known old colonist, died at Strathalbyn on the 24th nit. Mr. Finnisa sent in the resignation of his appointment as Government Resident of the i Northern Territory on ^Friday last, and the same : was duly accented, TLe sbip Ellen Simpson was totally lost at Cape Howe on the 24th ult., two only of the hands being saved. On .Monday last the two prisoners Charles Fresch and John O^Daigh, together with another mas named Louis Bill, who tad been apprehended tiace the last hearing of the foregoing prisoners, were all committed for trial to the Supreme Coqrt, on ia charge of being the parties concerned in the late brutal jobbery at Mrs. Taylor's, Paynehani. A meeting; was held in Adelaide on Monday evening last with a view to the format tion of a kilted company of Scotch volunteers,, and from the interest exhibited in the matter by the large number present, we think that it is very probable that ere long the Mhs will figure cocspicuonsly In any volunteer movements. There was a large attendance at White's Booms, Adelaide, on Monday evening last, on the opcasion of the farewell performances of Mr. and Mrs. Case. Mr. Meraon, a travelling temperance lecturer, has been visiting tbe districts circum* Jacent to Mount Gainbier, and has been success? in getting a number of names added to the pledge list. A new branch of colonial industry is being devoloped by Dr. Wehl, of Mount Gambier, that gentleman having just prepared for shipment a quantity of ftax . of his own growth, ; ^ A case of suspended animation occurred at Adelaide on Sunday last, a man named Owen Deane having attempted to get rid of. the troubles of thig world by the aid of a piece of rope; he was, however,'discovered and rescued Just in time to prevent its having been a case of suspended inanimation. in compliance with the request of the deputation who waited on the Chief Secretary a short time back, throe parties have been started to beacon the snagaon the B£ver Murray. The Bev. Canon Bnssell and the Rev. Mr. Harcus have been lecturing at Mount Gatni&er;, the. subject expatiated on by the latter being "Punch," and by the former ^Ghosts," a natural sequence of things, for we bettevemofe ghosts are seen after a course of Punch titan at any other time. An inquest was held at Yanyarie on the 15th ultimo, on the body of a man named Thomas Edge, a carter, who bad committed suicide by hanging himself. There was no ostensible motive for the $ct, but tbe man had been heard to say that be. could not live in such a miserable country as was the North. Some money was found in his pockets, and sundry papas, bnt none of the latter alluded to any motives for the commission of the act. A verdict was returned that deceased died by his own hands, having' hung himself whilst labour ing under an attack of temporary insanity Photographs of £1 notes have been cir culating in Melbourne, but the clever young artist finds hiypuwlf in custody as the reward of his merits. The Prince de Conde died at Syndey on the night of the 24th ult., at the eaily age of 22. gig body ia^to be sent home for inter ment. Aii accident his occurred uear Kanvaka recently, by which. Mr Einde, overseer to Mr Charles^ Thorald, lost his life; It .appears- he was driving in Ms dog cart to get his letters, and, missing the turn ef the Werreanda Gap, got capsized over a hill, the horse and cart rolling over until they reached the bed of the creek. Mr Hindes was not missed until after a week had elapsed, wheg'a eearch was instituted which, re^ulted in his being found dead at the scene of the accident. Missionary meetings have been held in Melbourne ^"fog the past week, in connection with the arrival at that port of the missionary ship John Williams, The son of the Governor of the Mel bourne. gaol was killed on the 24th wntpt by a fall from his horse. A meeting was hold at Moonta on the 23rd ult, to consider the advisability of forming a Corporation. A motion In favour of such a course was'dujty proposed'and seconded; but an amendment moved by Mr. Square, to. the effect that it was/undesirable at present to form either a District Council or Corporation, was carried. An inquest was held at Moonta on the 23rd ult., on the body of Wm. Bpskelly Roberta, whoJjad been found drowned in one of the open tank*. It »££«»& miming since the 16th ult., and the medical evidence was conclusive that deceased came to his death by drowning only, and not by any other means. A verdict was returned to the effect that deceased was found drowned in the *.flr>ic) bat that there was no evidence to show how he <•*""»■ there, to which was appended a. rider censuring the practice of leaving such tanks unprotected. Mr. W» O'-Nefl, the celebrated Irish comedian, is at present attracting crowded audiences to the Adelaide Theatre, Despatches have been received in Melbourne from Mclntryre of the Leichhardt Search Expedition, At the date of his despatches he was engaged in searching the Qloncharey Biver for traces of Leichhardt. Mr. Stow, Q.C., has (we believe) sent in a memorial to the Governor with reference to the late misbehaviour of Mr* Justice Boothby towards him. Captain Black, the agent ot the Peninsular and Oriental Company, has lately been in Melbourne with a view to negotiating the establishment of abUmonthly or fortnightly maikservice j which it is proposed to carry out at a moderate advance on present rates. A short time back a man. named George Quick applied at the post Office, Melbourne, to know whether there were any letters there for him j on being answered in the negatives he walked up the corridor, pulled out a pistol, and shot himself, the front and upper part of the head being almost blown away; death ensured in a few minutes. An inquest was held on Monday week before Mr, Ingleby, at the Arab Steed Inn, Adelaide, on the body of James Harvey, who had died suddenly on the previous day. From the evidenoe of the wife of the deceased it appears that some weeks since deceased was thrown down by the wheel of a chaff-butting machine whilst he was putting on the belt, and struck against some framework, which caused him at the time to feel so severe a pain in his side that he thought he had broken one of his ribs. It does not appear that the pain con tinued, and deceased did not obtain any medical advice. On the day of his death he and his wife were out visiting a friend, in whose garden deceased was talking to another friend when he fell down, and died within half an hour. Drs. Whittel and Spicer made a post-mortem examina tion, and from their evidence it appeared that death had been caused by a rupture of the right auricle of the heart, and a flow of blood into the pericardium, the rupture having been most probably caused ly the accident referred to. . Proceedings are to be taken m Melbourne against all shopkeepers exposing goods for sale outside their shops; on the ground that such a practice throws temptation in the way of poor people. We should like to see the same course adopted here, A tea and public meeting was held at North Adelaide on Monday evening in recog nition of the services rendered to the Bechabite cause by the Bev. Mr. Pitthouse, who was about to leave Adelaide, During the course of the public meeting an address and a cheque far the nmnwnt subscribed by the friends, were presen* ted to Mr. Pitthouse^ who acknowledged the same in suitable terms. The hanging of the Albert Bells is being, vigorously proceeded with, and ere many days have elapsed the whole of them will occupy their alloted places. At the adjourned monthly meeting of the Adelaide Philosophical Society held on Tuesday evening last, Mr. C. A. Wilson read an interesting paper on the recent explorations of the Western and North-western coasts of Australia. At the commencement of the meeting a letter was read from Mr. Hoskiug resigning the Secretaryship in consequence of press of other engagements, whieh was accepted; a vote of thanks being accorded ftim for the efficient manner in which he had for so long a period discharged the duties of that Mr. J. S. Lloyd was unanimously elected as his successor. A Bill has been passed by the Victorian Parliament enacting an uniform rate of postage of 2d. on letters to any place within the colony, thus ggoimUfl-tipg their Act to our own. Before thia tifna the rate of postage beyond a certain radius from Melbourne was 4d. The Acting Governor of Victoria has insisted oil the collection of tea and sugar bonds ; and though it was at first fearedthat this would to the resignation of the Ministry, such a result has been averted, that body having given way to the views of his Excellency, The inaugural banquet at the Adelaide Town Hall has been fixed for the 20th instant, upwards of 800 invitations having been spnl out by His Worship the Mayor, including invitations to Mayors and Town Clerks in the sister colonies, as well as in our own. We cannot describe the card, which, however, is said to he a che/ d came in its way, for we have not had the pleasure of seeing one. There is no doubt but that the affair will pass off most favourahly, despite Mr. Raphael's fears to the contrary. A pleasant evening was spent on Tuesday last by the members of the North AfoiaiHo Young Mem' Society, the ordinary meeting giving way to a sort of conversaaione, those of the members who had in their possession any cariosities of science or art bringing them to the room for the inspection of their fellow members ; so that the attention of those present was pretty equally divided between microscopes, models of steam engines and nice hot coffee, chess and stereoscopes, galvanic batteries and comfortable fires. It is said that the office of Valuator of Buns has been offered by the Government to Mr. C. Bonney, but has been declined by that gentleman. . A juvenile Tent in connection with the Order of Bechabites was opened at Glenelg on Tuesday last. Mr. John Wadham, one of the returned Northern Territory party, who suffered there from scurvy, died in Adelaide on Wednesday afternoon from that complaint. The members of the late Teatree Gully Rifle Company celebrated the Queen's Birthday by a friendly supper; ex-Captain Haines occupying the chair. The second of the Autumn Series of lectures was delivered at the South Australian Institute, Adelaide, on Friday evening last, by Mr. L. Glyde, who selected for his subject the "Life and writings of the late W, M, Praed." On Saturday last, the Appeal Court sat in the case of Copeland v, Wentzel. A letter was read from the Judge's Associate stating that His Honor would send in his reasons for not having sent in his notes; but such document was not received, and the Court therefore adjourned sine dieK Lady Don recently paid a visit to, the HTnnri Kark at Otago, when some of the natives recognized her as the lady bo famous at the theatres, and requested her to act as she did there, upon which her ladyship sung "My Johnny was a shoemaker," the Maoris, we&n; da&cing; to thetune. 